Potential effect of immediate postpartum use of injectable contraception on lactogenesis.; OBJECTIVES: We evaluated the effect of immediate postpartum use of depot medroxyprogesterone acetate (DMPA) on the timing of lactogenesis stage II (LS-II)., STUDY DESIGN: The initial design randomly assigned adults who delivered a full-term infant in 2019-2021 to receive within 48 hours of delivery: (1) DMPA, (2) placebo injection, or (3) no injection. Due to low enrollment, we changed in 2021-2023 to a nonrandomized design using matching at recruitment for obesity and delivery method and propensity score weighting for analysis. We combined data from both designs to compare immediate postpartum DMPA use (N = 55) vs control (placebo or no injection) group (N = 95). We defined noninferiority a priori as being met if the upper bound of a two-sided 95% CI for mean difference in time to LS-II between groups was <6 hours., RESULTS: The unweighted mean time to LS-II was 57.8 hours in the DMPA group (SD, 29.4) and 64.1 hours in the control group (SD, 36.1). Using propensity score weighting to make the groups comparable with respect to age, race, delivery method, and previous live births, the mean time to LS-II was 5.5 hours shorter (95% CI, -16.4, 5.5) for women in the DMPA relative to control group., CONCLUSIONS: We found no evidence that DMPA use inhibits the onset of LS-II. Findings support immediate postpartum DMPA initiation among those intending to engage in human milk feeding., IMPLICATIONS: A controlled trial (N = 150) did not detect any difference in time to lactogenesis stage II ("milk let-down") between injectable contraception use within the first 48 hours postpartum and those without this exposure. Copyright © 2024 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of supplementing rumen-protected rubber seed oil to dairy cattle on feed digestibility and milk production.; Objective: The aim of this study was to determine the effect of rumen-protected rubber seed oil supplementation on feed digestibility, milk yield, and milk composition in tropical dairy cows., Methods: Twelve crossbred Holstien-Friesian dairy cows (75% Holstein-Friesian, 25% Thai native breed) with a mean body weight (BW) of 460 +/- 30 kg and 20 +/- 5 days in milk were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 treatments according to a completely randomized design. The treatments were as follows: a basal diet without rumen-protected fat (RPF) (control) or supplementation of rumen-protected palm oil (RPPO) at 300 g/h/d and rumen-protected rubber seed oil (RPRSO) at 300 g/h/d. Each cow was fed a total mixed ration ad libitum., Results: The nutrient intake was similar among treatments (p>0.05). Adding RPF did not affect nutrient digestibility, while organic matter digestibility increased in dairy cows receiving RPRSO (p<0.01). Blood urea nitrogen, total protein, or glucose did not alter among treatments (p>0.05), while triglycerides and cholesterol were increased when cows were fed RPPO (p<0.01). Adding RPF increases milk yield in cows (p<0.01). The supplementation of RPRSO increased milk fat (p=0.04). Milk fat yield was higher in RPPO and highest in RPRSO (p<0.01). The addition of RPF increased the oleic acid (OA, C18:1 cis-9) in milk (p=0.01). In addition, cows fed RPRSO increased linoleic acid (LA; C18:26 cis-9,12 + trans-9,12) and -linolenic acid (ALA; C18-33 cis-9,12,15) in milk (p<0.01). The addition of RPF increased milk unsaturated fatty acids (UFA) and monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) (P<=0.04). The PUFA in milk increased with RPRSO supplementation (p<0.01)., Conclusion: Supplementation of RPRSO during early lactation can increase feed digestibility and the concentration of milk fat with PUFA (LA and ALA) in tropical dairy cows.
Topical Anesthesia in Cutaneous Head and Neck Surgery: A Randomized Controlled Trial.; OBJECTIVE: Cutaneous head and neck surgery can safely and effectively be performed using local anesthetic (LA). However, optimizing pain management during LA administration is paramount for patient comfort and procedural efficacy. The primary objective of this study was to investigate the comparative effectiveness of EMLA cream and ethyl chloride (EC) spray in mitigating pain associated with LA administration in cutaneous head and neck surgery., STUDY DESIGN: Randomized controlled trial., SETTING: University-affiliated tertiary head and neck oncology center., METHODS: Sample size calculation was performed followed by computer randomization into the following groups: EMLA, EMLA placebo (aqueous cream), EC, and a control group (no topical agent). Demographics, pain, and procedural experience scores were recorded perioperatively. Statistical analysis was performed to analyse differences between groups utilizing the Mann-Whitney U test, Kruskall-Wallis test, Chi-square test, and Spearman's Rho., RESULTS: 121 cutaneous lesions with a median patient age of 76 were analyzed. There were no statistically significant differences in pain scores (median [IQR]) between patients receiving EMLA (4 [3.75]), EMLA placebo (4.8 [3.6]), EC (5.8 [2.8]), and no treatment (5 [4.1], P = .19). Procedural experience scores were clinically similar (P = .02). Risk factors associated with elevated nociceptive sensitivity were surgical site (scalp, P = .01), malignant lesions (P < .01) and lesion surface area (rs = 0.22, P = .01)., CONCLUSION: EMLA and EC did not mitigate LA-associated pain in patients undergoing cutaneous head and neck surgery and as such practitioners should reconsider their use of these in this regard. Patients' operative experience remains excellent regardless of topical anesthetic use., LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: Ib. Copyright © 2024 American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery Foundation.
A Systematic Review on the Impact of Plant-Based Milk Consumption on Growth and Nutrition in Children and Adolescents.; BACKGROUND: Children are increasingly consuming plant-based milks, yet the impact on their growth and nutrition is unclear., OBJECTIVE: This systematic review aimed to summarize the available evidence on the impact of plant-based milk consumption on growth and nutrition in children and adolescents., METHODS: MEDLINE, Embase (Excerpta Medica Database), EBM Reviews - Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials and Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature, Child Development and Adolescent Studies, and Scopus were comprehensively searched from 2000 to 2024 to identify studies evaluating the growth and nutritional effects of plant-based milk consumption in children aged 1-18 y. Two reviewers independently screened full-text articles, assessed their quality, and extracted data., RESULTS: A total of 6 studies were identified: 3 cross-sectional studies, 1 prospective cohort study, and 2 clinical trials (total n = 15,815). Observational studies found that consumption of plant-based milk was associated with lower childhood body mass index (BMI), height, and serum vitamin D concentrations compared with cow milk. No association was found between soy milk consumption and BMI in adolescent girls. Low-quality clinical trials showed minimal effects on growth, and 1 study found that adolescent girls with low calcium intake who consumed fortified soy milk had higher bone density compared with those who did not consume soy milk., CONCLUSIONS: Available evidence suggests that children who consume plant-based milk may have lower BMI, height, and micronutrient intake compared with those who consume cow milk, whereas fortified soy milk may support bone health in adolescents who do not drink cow milk. Longitudinal studies and randomized controlled trials are needed to determine whether these associations persist over time, differ between children and adolescents or among those who consume soy milk, and to understand the potential underlying mechanisms. This trial was registered at PROSPERO as CRD42022367269. Copyright © 2024 American Society for Nutrition. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Herd-level occurrence and risk factors associated with respiratory and enteric pathogens from dairy calves in Ontario: A cross-sectional study.; This cross-sectional herd-level study aimed to determine the occurrence of and risk factors for pathogens associated with neonatal calf diarrhea and bovine respiratory disease on Ontario dairy farms. From April to August 2022, a convenience sample of 100 dairy farms were visited once. A questionnaire covering farm biosecurity, calving and colostrum management, preweaning nutrition, and housing was administered on-farm. At each farm visit, approximately 5 calves between 2 and 35 d old were randomly selected for fecal sampling. Furthermore, approximately 5 calves between 21 to 122 d old were randomly selected for nasopharyngeal sampling. In total, 363 fecal samples (from 83 dairy farms) and 390 nasopharyngeal swab samples (from 80 dairy farms) were collected. Fecal samples were analyzed individually using a multiplex PCR to identify bacterial and parasitic enteric pathogens. Nasopharyngeal swabs were analyzed as one pooled sample per farm using bacterial culture and real-time PCR. The most common enteric pathogens detected at herd-level were Cryptosporidium parvum (67.4%) and Escherichia coli K99+ (13.2%). The most common respiratory pathogens detected at herd-level were Pasteurella multocida (62.5%), bovine coronavirus (42.5%), and Mycoplasma bovis (21.2%). Multivariable logistic models were built to explore associations between the most common pathogens and herd-level predictors selected from the questionnaire. Herd positivity for C. parvum was positively associated with having more than 61 preweaned calves per year and feeding mainly whole milk to calves. The presence of M. bovis was positively associated with herds that combined manual and automatic milk-feeding systems, and the presence of bovine coronavirus was positively associated with having more than 98 preweaned calves during the year. Univariable Poisson regression models were built to explore the association between the most common pathogens and preweaning calf mortality. Herds that were positive for C. parvum, M. bovis, or bovine coronavirus had a greater risk of preweaning calf mortality. These results provide insights for future research on pathogens associated with NCD and BRD and offer guidance for veterinarians and dairy farmers in implementing disease control measures in dairy calf herds. Copyright © 2025, The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. on behalf of the American Dairy Science Association R. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
Chromium and Palmitic Acid Supplementation Modulate Adipose Tissue Insulin Sensitivity in Postpartum Dairy Cows.; Periparturient dairy cows exhibit intense lipolysis driven by reduced dry matter intake, enhanced energy needs, and the loss of adipose tissue (AT) insulin sensitivity. Extended periods of low insulin sensitivity and negative energy balance induce lipolysis dysregulation, leading to increased disease susceptibility and poor lactation performance. Chromium (Cr) supplementation improves systemic insulin sensitivity, while palmitic acid (PA) increases energy availability for milk production. However, the effect of supplementing Cr and PA alone or in combination on insulin sensitivity in AT is unknown. Thirty-two multiparous cows were used in a randomized complete block design experiment and randomly assigned to one of 4 diets fed from 1 to 24 DIM. Diets included: control, no supplementation (CON, n = 8); Cr (Cr-propionate at 0.45 ppm Cr/kg DM, n = 8); PA (1.5% DM, n = 8); or Cr+PA (n = 8). Plasma samples were collected at -13 +/- 5.1 d prepartum (PreP), and 14.4 +/- 1.9d (PP1) and 21 +/- 1.9d (PP2) after calving for albumin, BHB, BUN, calcium, cholesterol, glucose, nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA), total protein, iron, transferrin, triglycerides, and oxylipids quantification. Subcutaneous AT (SCAT) explants were collected at PreP, PP1 and PP2 and incubated in the presence of the lipolytic agent isoproterenol (ISO = 1 microM, BASAL = 0 microM) for 3 h. The antilipolytic effect of insulin (1microL/L) on SCAT explants was evaluated during ISO stimulation (IN+ISO). Lipolysis was quantified by glycerol release in the media (nmol glycerol/mg AT). Macrophage infiltration and adipocyte size were measured using hematoxylin and eosin-stained AT sections and immunohistochemistry. Cr tended to reduce postpartum NEFA concentrations when compared with CON, PA, and Cr+PA. Likewise, Cr increased the percentage of large adipocytes (>9000 microm2) postpartum compared with other diets. In line with higher lipid content, Cr-fed cows had higher ex-vivo BASAL lipolysis at PP2 when compared with PA and Cr+PA. ISO induced higher lipolysis at PP1 and PP2 but it was not affected by Cr and PA. IN+ISO reduced lipolysis by 29.91 +/- 11% in Cr compared with ISO. In contrast, IN+ISO did not affect ISO lipolysis in CON, PA, and Cr+PA. Plasma transferrin was reduced by Cr. At PP2, PA cows had 3.3-fold higher macrophage infiltration in SCAT when compared with CON and Cr. Plasma 9-HODE and 9-oxoODE were increased by Cr+PA. PA increased plasma 13-oxoODE and Cr increased the ratio of 13-HODE:13-oxoODE. PA increased 5-iso Prostaglandin F2alpha-VI. Our results demonstrate that supplementing Cr during the immediate postpartum enhances SCAT insulin sensitivity and lipid accumulation. Further studies should determine the effects and mechanisms of action of Cr and PA on AT lipogenesis, adipogenesis, and their impact on lactation performance. Copyright © 2025, The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. on behalf of the American Dairy Science Association R. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
Apparent Saturation of Branched-Chain Amino Acid Catabolism After High Dietary Milk Protein Intake in Healthy Adults.; CONTEXT: Milk protein contains high concentrations of branched-chain amino acids (BCAA) that play a critical role in anabolism and are implicated in the onset of obesity and chronic disease. Characterizing BCAA catabolism in the postprandial phase could elucidate the impact of protein intake on obesity risk established in the "early protein hypothesis.", OBJECTIVE: To examine the acute effects of protein content of young child formulas as test meals on BCAA catabolism, observing postprandial plasma concentrations of BCAA in relation to their degradation products., METHODS: The TOMI Add-On Study is a randomized, double-blind crossover study in which 27 healthy adults consumed 2 isocaloric young child formulas with alternating higher (HP) and lower (LP) protein and fat content as test meals during separate interventions, while 9 blood samples were obtained over 5 hours. BCAA, branched-chain alpha-keto acids (BCKA), and acylcarnitines were analyzed using a fully targeted HPLC-ESI-MS/MS approach., RESULTS: Mean concentrations of BCAA, BCKA, and acylcarnitines were significantly higher after HP than LP over the 5 postprandial hours, except for the BCKA alpha-ketoisovalerate (KIVA). The latter metabolite showed higher postprandial concentrations after LP. With increasing mean concentrations of BCAA, concentrations of corresponding BCKA, acylcarnitines, and urea increased until a breakpoint was reached, after which concentrations of degradation products decreased (for all metabolites except valine and KIVA and Carn C4:0-iso)., CONCLUSION: BCAA catabolism is markedly influenced by protein content of the test meal. We present novel evidence for the apparent saturation of the BCAA degradation pathway in the acute postprandial phase up to 5 hours after consumption. Copyright © The Author(s) 2024. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society.
Formula with large, milk phospholipid-coated lipid droplets in late-moderate preterm infants: a double-blind RCT.; BACKGROUND: Limited evidence exists on the preferred feeding method when breastfeeding is not possible in late and moderate preterm (LMPT) infants. This RCT evaluates growth, safety, and tolerance of a concept infant formula (IF) with large, milk phospholipid-coated lipid droplets enriched in dairy lipids in LMPT infants with primary objective to demonstrate non-inferiority of daily weight gain from randomization to 3 months corrected age compared to a standard IF., METHODS: LMPT infants were randomized before or around term equivalent age to either the concept (n = 21) or standard IF (n = 20). Forty-one breastfed (BF) infants served as reference., RESULTS: Due to unintended low recruitment, non-inferiority in daily weight gain could not be demonstrated for the Concept compared to the Control group, but was compared to the BF group. Other outcomes were similar between the formula groups, except for an apparent larger head circumference gain in the Concept group. No apparent differences in growth and body composition outcomes were observed between the Concept and BF reference groups., CONCLUSION: This small-scale study suggests the concept IF is a safe alternative for parents who choose IF to feed their LMPT infant. Larger trials are needed to better determine impacts on head growth or body composition., IMPACT: In a small group of late and moderate preterm infants, growth from randomization until 3 months corrected age of infants fed with a concept infant formula with large, milk phospholipid-coated lipid droplets was not -significantly different from infants fed a standard infant formula. Infants in the Concept group had non-significant larger gain in head circumference compared to the Control group; larger trials are needed to confirm this finding. Both formulas were well-tolerated, with no differences in adverse events. The concept formula is potentially a safe alternative for parents of moderate to late preterm infants who choose to use formula milk. Copyright © 2024. The Author(s).
Benefits and Harms of the Mediterranean Diet Compared to Other Diets; A large number of epidemiologic studies have investigated the association between diet and mortality and morbidity. Of particular recent interest is the Mediterranean diet, first described by Ancel Keys over 50 years ago. This diet is characterized by high intake of olive oil, fruits and vegetables, whole grains and cereals, legumes, fish, and nuts; low intake of red meat, dairy products, and sweets; and moderate intake of red wine with meals. Epidemiologic studies have shown that the incidence of cardiovascular disease in populations that consume such diets is lower than in populations that consume a more typical "Western" diet that is rich in red meat, dairy products, processed and artificially sweetened foods, and salt, with minimal intake of fruits, vegetables, fish, legumes, and whole grains. Based on these epidemiologic studies, several randomized controlled trials were conducted to test the hypothesis that adopting a Mediterranean diet in adulthood reduces chronic disease burden (eg, incidence of and/ or mortality from cardiovascular disease, cancer, diabetes, hypertension, cognitive impairment, and kidney disease) and/or all-cause mortality (viz, PREDIMED, Lyon Heart Study, THIS-DIET). These trials included populations from a variety of geographical locations and with a spectrum of demographic and clinical characteristics. Although several systematic reviews of the relevant observational studies and clinical trials have been published, the VA's Evidence-based Synthesis Program, in conjunction with the Office of Quality and Performance and in response to a request from the VA's National Center for Health Promotion and Disease Prevention and Primary Care Services, commissioned the present study to update prior reviews and to specifically assess the implications for the treatment and prevention of common chronic conditions in the Veteran population.
Effect of glycerol supplementation in early lactation on metabolic health, milking activity, and production of dairy cows in automated milking system herds.; The objective of this study was to quantify the effects of supplementing early-lactation cows with a dry pure glycerol product, delivered through the automated milking system (AMS) concentrate, in the first 21 d in milk (DIM) on metabolic markers, milking behavior, and milk production. In 5 commercial AMS dairy herds, 389 dairy cows were randomly assigned, controlling for parity, 21 d before expected calving to 1 of 2 treatments, within farm: (1) control group (CON) receiving the standard AMS pellet (n = 213) from 1 to 150 DIM, or (2) glycerol group (GLY) receiving the treatment AMS pellet (n = 176) formulated to deliver 250 as fed g/d of glycerol product from 1 to 21 DIM (mean actual = 249 g/d dry matter [DM]), then they received the standard AMS pellet from 22 to 150 DIM. Across all farms, cows were fed partial mixed rations (PMR) that were similar in ingredient and nutrient composition. One prepartum blood sample and 5 postpartum blood samples were collected from each cow to determine serum nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA), blood beta-hydroxy butyrate (BHB), and blood glucose concentrations. Cow body condition score (BCS) was recorded every 21 d from -21 to 63 DIM. Data were collected and analyzed for the treatment period (1 to 21 DIM) and a follow-up period (22 to 150 DIM). There was no detected treatment effect on serum NEFA concentrations in the first week of lactation. There was a treatment by time interaction for blood BHB and blood glucose, where GLY cows tended to have increased BHB concentrations at 5 DIM and had decreased glucose concentrations at 9 and 12 DIM. There was an interaction of BCS with treatment on the incidence of BHB >=1.2 mmol/L, whereby over-conditioned CON cows (BCS >=3.5) were 3.5x more likely to have a high BHB test than CON cows with normal prepartum BCS. During the treatment period GLY cows had 0.1 +/- 0.05 more successful milkings/d, were delivered 0.27 +/- 0.05 DM kg/d more AMS concentrate and tended to yield 0.8 +/- 0.47 kg/d more milk. During the follow-up period GLY cows had 0.1 +/- 0.04 more successful milkings/d, were delivered 0.18 +/- 0.06 DM kg/d more AMS concentrate, and yielded 1.5 +/- 0.53 kg/d more milk than CON cows. Glycerol supplementation allowed cows to maintain better BCS, as GLY cows lost less BCS from calving to 63 DIM than CON cows. Overall, the results of this study demonstrate that supplementing pure glycerol through the AMS concentrate for the first 21 DIM can reduce BCS loss in early lactation, improve milking behavior, and increase milk yield to mid lactation. Copyright © 2024, The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. on behalf of the American Dairy Science Association R. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
Topical Cannabidiol for Established Chemotherapy-Induced Neuropathy: A Pilot Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trial.; Background: Patients have been known to use cannabinoids for treating established chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy (CIPN) based on anecdotal information and retrospective reports suggesting that such might be beneficial. In response, a double-blinded, placebo-controlled, randomized, pilot clinical trial was developed to evaluate whether resultant data would support a phase III trial for testing whether a cannabidiol (CBD) cream might improve CIPN. Methods: Forty patients with established CIPN were randomized, in a double-blinded manner, to topical CBD or a placebo cream. The study product was applied for 2 weeks, followed by a crossover for 2 weeks. Neuropathy was evaluated using the European Organization of Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC)-CIPN20, the Chemotherapy-Induced Peripheral Neuropathy Assessment Tool, and the Global Impression of Change instruments. Side effects were recorded by symptom diaries. Results: The EORTC-CIPN20 scores were similar in the patients receiving CBD versus the placebo. Likewise, the toxicity scores were similar in patients who received the CBD versus the placebo. Conclusions: This pilot trial did not support that the studied CBD isolate cream improved painful established CIPN. It was well tolerated overall. Clinical Trial Registration Number: NCT05388058.
Infant feeding and criticality in children.; BACKGROUND: Data support the protective effects of human breast milk (HBM) feeding in acute illness but little is known about the impact of HBM feeding on the criticality of infants., AIM: To explore the relationship between early HBM feeding and severity of illness and recovery in critically ill children requiring intubation and mechanical ventilation for acute respiratory failure (ARF)., STUDY DESIGN: Prospective cohort study of mothers of patients aged 1-36 months who participated in the acute and follow-up phases of the Randomized Evaluation of Sedation Titration for Respiratory Failure (RESTORE) clinical trial. Participants completed a survey describing HBM dose fed during their infant's first month of life., RESULTS: Of 138 patients, 70 (51%) received exclusive HBM feedings (90%-100% total feeds) and 68 (49%) did not. We found no group differences in severity of illness on paediatric intensive care unit (PICU) admission or severity of paediatric acute respiratory distress syndrome (PARDS) within the first 24-48 h of intubation/mechanical ventilation (Pediatric Risk of Mortality [PRISM] III-12 score median: 5 vs. 5, p = .88; moderate/severe PARDS: 53% vs. 54%, p = .63). While median time to recovery from ARF was reduced by 1 day in patients who received exclusive HBM feedings, the difference between groups was not statistically significant (median 1.5 vs. 2.6 days, hazard ratio 1.40 [95% confidence interval, 0.99-1.97], p = .06)., CONCLUSIONS: Human breast milk dose was not associated with severity of illness on PICU admission in children requiring mechanical ventilation for ARF., RELEVANCE TO CLINICAL PRACTICE: Data support the protective effects of HBM during acute illness and data from this study support a clinically important reduction in time to recovery of ARF. Paediatric nurses should continue to champion HBM feeding to advance improvements in infant health. Copyright © 2024 The Author(s). Nursing in Critical Care published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of British Association of Critical Care Nurses.
Dietary Patterns and Growth, Size, Body Composition, and/or Risk of Overweight or Obesity: A Systematic Review; BACKGROUND: This important public health question was identified by the U.S. Departments of Agriculture (USDA) and Health and Human Services (HHS) to be examined by the 2020 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee. The 2020 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee, Dietary Patterns Subcommittee conducted a systematic review to answer this question with support from the Nutrition Evidence Systematic Review (NESR) team. The goal of this systematic review was to examine the following question: What is the relationship between dietary patterns consumed and growth, size, body composition, and/or risk of overweight or obesity?, CONCLUSION STATEMENTS AND GRADES:  Dietary patterns: Children:   Limited evidence suggests that dietary patterns consumed by children or adolescents that are lower in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low-fat dairy while being higher in added sugars, refined grains, fried potatoes, and processed meats are associated with higher fat-mass index and BMI later in adolescence. (Grade: Limited).  Dietary patterns: Adults:   The 2020 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee reviewed newly published evidence using a systematic evidence scan and determined that the conclusion drawn by the 2015 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee generally reflects the current state of science. Moderate evidence indicates dietary patterns emphasizing vegetables, fruits, and whole grains; seafood and legumes; moderate in dairy products (particularly low and non-fat dairy) and alcohol; lower in meats (including red and processed meats), and low in sugar-sweetened foods and beverages, and refined grains are associated with favorable outcomes related to body weight, (including lower BMI, waist circumference, or percent body fat) or risk of obesity. Components of the dietary patterns associated with these favorable outcomes include higher intakes of unsaturated fats and lower intakes of saturated fats, cholesterol, and sodium. (2015 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee Grade: Moderate).  Diets based on macronutrient distribution: Children:   No evidence is available to determine a relationship between diets based on macronutrient distribution consumed during childhood and growth, size, body composition, and risk of overweight/obesity. (Grade: Grade not assignable).  Diets Based on macronutrient distribution: Adults:   Insufficient evidence is available to determine the relationship between macronutrient distributions with proportions of energy falling outside of the AMDR for at least one macronutrient and growth, size, body composition, and risk of overweight/obesity, due to methodological limitations and inconsistent results. (Grade: Grade not assignable)., METHODS: Two literature searches were conducted using 3 databases (PubMed, Cochrane, and Embase) to identify articles that evaluated the intervention or exposure of dietary patterns consumed and the outcomes of type 2 diabetes. A manual search was conducted to identify articles that may not have been included in the electronic databases searched. Articles were screened by two NESR analysts independently for inclusion based on pre-determined criteria. Data extraction and risk of bias assessment were conducted for each included study, and both were checked for accuracy. The Committee qualitatively synthesized the body of evidence to inform development of a conclusion statement(s), and graded the strength of evidence using pre-established criteria for risk of bias, consistency, directness, precision, and generalizability. Dietary patterns were defined as the quantities, proportions, variety, or combination of different foods, drinks, and nutrients in diets, and the frequency with which they are habitually consumed. Diets based on macronutrient distribution were considered to be those with at least one macronutrient proportion outside of the acceptable macronutrient distribution range (AMDR) for carbohydrate, fat, and/or protein, whether or not the foods/food groups consumed were provided. Studies examining energy-restricted diets that induce weight loss or treat overweight and obesity for the purposes of treating additional or other medical conditions were excluded., SUMMARY OF THE EVIDENCE: Eighty-eight articles were identified that met inclusion criteria and examined the relationship between dietary patterns and/or diets based on macronutrient proportion and growth, size, body composition, and/or risk of overweight or obesity. Twelve articles from prospective cohort studies were identified that examined dietary patterns consumed by children and growth, size, body composition, and/or risk of overweight or obesity, met inclusion criteria, and were published between January 2014 and October 2019. . Dietary patterns were assessed using a variety of methods including factor/cluster analysis, indices or scores, latent class analysis, and reduced rank regression. . Outcome measures varied across studies and included incidence of overweight/obesity, fat mass, lean mass, body mass index (BMI), central adiposity, and weight/height. . Despite variability in methods, dietary patterns in childhood or adolescence that generally reflect poorer diet quality tended to associate with higher fatmass index and BMI later in adolescence. However, the findings should be interpreted with caution due to several limitations. . Across the body of evidence, the direction of significant findings were mixed with relatively small and inconsistent magnitude. . Most of the studies assessed diet once at baseline with methods that were not necessarily valid, reliable, or applicable in children. Fifty-four articles examined dietary patterns consumed by adults and growth, size, body composition, and/or risk of overweight or obesity. The 2020 Committee determined with a systematic evidence scan that the recently published evidence was generally consistent with the body of evidence from the existing review, and a full systematic review update was not needed at this time. Therefore, the conclusion statement and grade from the existing review were carried forward. No studies identified met inclusion criteria that examined diets based on macronutrient distribution consumed by children or adolescents and growth, size, body composition, and/or risk of overweight or obesity. Thirty-one articles examined diets based on macronutrient distribution consumed by adults and growth, size, body composition, and/or risk of overweight or obesity, met inclusion criteria, and were published between January 2000 and October 2019: . Twenty-two articles came from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and nine articles came from prospective cohort studies. . When describing and categorizing studies included in this review, the Committee did not label the diets examined as "low" or "high," because no standard definition is currently available for, for example, "low-carbohydrate" or "high-fat" diets. Instead, the Committee focused on whether, and the extent to which, the proportions of the macronutrients were below or above the AMDR. . Most of the articles examined distributions in which the proportion of energy from carbohydrate was below the AMDR; fat was above the AMDR; and protein was within the AMDR in at least one of the exposure groups compared. . Foods or food groups consumed as part of the diet were not reported consistently. . Results across studies were inconsistent, with the majority of studies reporting no significant association between diets based on macronutrient distribution and growth, size, body composition, and/or risk of overweight or obesity. . Some studies reported diets based on macronutrient distributions with proportions of energy from carbohydrate and/or fat within or close to AMDRs compared to those that were outside AMDRs significantly associated with favorable fat-mass, BMI, waist circumference, and/or change in weight. Notably, these results were closely linked to better quality of the diet where reported, typically consisting of vegetables, fruit, whole-grains, vegetable oils, nuts, pulses, and/or lean meat or fish. . Numerous limitations that prevent adequate assessment across this body of evidence were identified: . Several studies did not directly test the difference in macronutrient proportions in the context of various dietary patterns during energy balance. . Although statistically significant relationships were reported, the gradient between macronutrient distributions was relatively narrow within studies (e.g., 45.3% vs. 43.8% carbohydrate) and between studies. . Due to the variety of methods used to estimate macronutrient intake and adjust intake for total energy, the confidence in the reported proportions of energy falling outside the AMDR is low. . Several studies reported to be examining one particular macronutrient of interest, such as "high-protein" or "low-carbohydrate" intake, but the proportion for that nutrient was within the AMDR.
Beverage Consumption and Growth, Size, Body Composition, and Risk of Overweight and Obesity: A Systematic Review; BACKGROUND: This important public health question was identified by the U.S. Departments of Agriculture (USDA) and Health and Human Services (HHS) to be examined by the 2020 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee. The 2020 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee, Beverage and Added Sugars Subcommittee conducted a systematic review to answer this question with support from the Nutrition Evidence Systematic Review (NESR) team. The goal of this systematic review was to examine the following question: What is the relationship between beverage consumption and growth, size, body composition, and risk of overweight and obesity?, CONCLUSION STATEMENTS AND GRADES:  Milk:   . Limited evidence suggests that milk intake is not associated with adiposity in children. (Grade: Limited). . Insufficient evidence is available to draw a conclusion about the relationship between the type of milk (i.e., milk fat content, flavor) and adiposity in children. (Grade: Grade not assignable). . Limited evidence suggests that higher milk intake is associated with a greater increase in height compared to lower intake in children. (Grade: Limited). . Limited evidence suggests that milk intake is not associated with adiposity in adults. (Grade: Limited).  100% Juice:   . Limited evidence suggests 100% juice intake in children is not associated with adiposity or height in children. (Grade: Limited). . Limited evidence suggests 100% juice consumption is not associated with measures of adiposity in adults. (Grade: Limited).  Sugar-sweetened beverages:   . Moderate evidence suggests that higher sugar-sweetened beverage intake is associated with greater adiposity in children. (Grade: Moderate). . Limited evidence suggests that higher sugar-sweetened beverage intake is associated with greater adiposity in adults. (Grade: Limited). . Insufficient evidence is available to determine the relationship between sugar-sweetened beverages compared with low- and no- calorie sweetened beverages on adiposity in children. (Grade: Grade not assignable). . Limited evidence suggests no association between sugar-sweetened beverages compared with low- and no- calorie sweetened beverages on adiposity in adults. (Grade: Limited).  Low and no-calorie sweetened beverages:   . Limited evidence suggests no association between low- and no-calorie sweetened beverage consumption and adiposity in children. (Grade: Limited). . Limited evidence suggests that low- and no- calorie sweetened beverage consumption is associated with reduced adiposity in adults. (Grade: Limited)., METHODS: A literature search was conducted using 3 databases (PubMed, Cochrane, Embase) to identify articles that evaluated the intervention or exposure of non-alcoholic beverage consumption and the outcomes of growth, size, body composition, and risk of overweight and obesity. A manual search was conducted to identify articles that may not have been included in the electronic databases searched. Articles were screened by two NESR analysts independently for inclusion based on pre-determined criteria. Data extraction and risk of bias assessment were conducted for each included study, and both were checked for accuracy. The Committee qualitatively synthesized the body of evidence to inform development of a conclusion statement(s), and graded the strength of evidence using pre-established criteria for risk of bias, consistency, directness, precision, and generalizability., SUMMARY OF THE EVIDENCE: Milk: The body of evidence includes 62 papers: 30 papers on children and 32 papers on adults. Of the evidence on children, there were 4 papers from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 26 papers from longitudinal cohort studies. Of the evidence on adults, there were 7 papers from RCTs; 24 papers from prospective cohort studies; and 1 paper using a Mendelian Randomization design. To discern healthy growth from excessive growth in children, weight status (i.e., prevalence or incidence of overweight or obesity), BMI and BMI z-scores, and body composition measures (e.g., waist circumference and body fat), were considered to reflect "adiposity.": . The majority of the findings for these outcomes were not significant. The few findings that were significant were not consistent in direction. To assess healthy growth in children, outcomes such as height and lean mass were considered. Four studies reported height as an outcome: 3 cohort studies reported a significant positive association between milk intake and height in children, and 1 RCT found no effect of milk intake on height compared to drinking water though this study's duration was only 12 weeks. Seven cohort studies specifically examined types of milk (i.e. milk fat levels, flavored milk) and adiposity outcomes in children; however, the results were not consistent. The majority of the studies in adults found no significant association between milk intake and adiposity; there were some significant associations; however, these were inconsistent in direction. The body of evidence from children and adults has several significant limitations including lack of specificity and consistency in definition of the exposure, the use of non-validated methods for assessing beverage intake, uncontrolled confounding, and inconsistencies in findings. More research is needed to address these issues. 100% Juice: 42 papers examining the relationship between 100% juice intake and outcomes related to growth, size, body composition, and risk of overweight or obesity were included in this body of evidence. Studies published between January 2000 and June 2019 were synthesized by age group: . Children: 23 studies, including 1 RCT and 22 prospective cohort studies. . Adults: 19 studies, including 4 RCTs, 1 NRCT, and 14 prospective cohort studies. Evidence in children: . The 1 RCT and the majority of the higher quality prospective cohort studies found no statistically significant relationship between 100% juice intake and adiposity. . The few studies that were significant were not consistent in direction. . The evidence in children was limited by lack of clarity in defining the juice exposure; inconsistent quantification of juice consumption, inconsistent measures of adiposity, lack of evidence from stronger study designs, and inadequate adjustment for confounders. Evidence in adults: . The 4 RCTs and 1 NRCT found no statistically significant relationship between 100% juice intake and adiposity. . The prospective cohort studies found inconsistent evidence depending on the specific measure of adiposity. For example, roughly half of the studies (n=4) found that greater consumption of 100% juice intake was related to a greater increase in weight, while the others (n=3) found no significant relationship. Studies examining waist circumference were more consistent, with 5 of the 6 studies finding no significant association with 100% juice intake. Further, all studies (n=3) examining body fat or prevalence of (abdominal) obesity found no significant associations with 100% juice intake. . The evidence from the RCTs and NRCT were limited by the short durations small sample sizes. . The evidence from the prospect cohort studies were limited by the single measurement of the exposure, reliance on self-reported outcome data, inadequate adjustment for confounders, and limited generalizability of the experimental data. Sugar-sweetened beverages: 76 studies identified via a literature search from June 2012 to June 2019 were included in this systematic review. Studies were synthesized based on comparator (no/different amount of sugar-sweetened beverage or low/no-calorie sweetened beverage) and age of participants (children or adults). . Sugar-sweetened beverage (SSB) consumption compared to different amounts or water: . Children: 46 articles: RCTs: 2 articles. NRCTs: 1 article. Prospective cohort studies: 43 articles. . Adults: 27 articles: RCTs: 3 articles. NRCTs: 1 article. Prospective cohort studies: 23 articles. . Sugar-sweetened beverage consumption compared to low- or no-calorie sweetened beverages (LNCSB): . Children: 2 articles: RCTs: 2 articles. . Adults: 6 articles: RCTs: 5 articles. Prospective cohort studies: 1 article. In studies examining SSB intake in children, the majority of studies (~80%) reported a significant effect or association between SSB intake and adiposity, however this was not always consistent within studies that reported multiple outcome measures. There were additional concerns related to risk of bias and generalizability. In studies examining SSB intake in adults, the majority of studies (~70%) reported a significant effect or association between SSB intake and adiposity; however, this was not always consistent within studies that reported multiple outcome measures. The 3 included RCTs had significant risk of bias concerns related to the methodology, particularly around the comparator, and concerns with generalizability. Two articles from one RCT addressed the relationship between SSB compared to LNCSB intake in children and there was insufficient evidence to draw a conclusion. In studies comparing intake of SSBs and LNCSB in adults, there was inconsistency in findings and in methodology. Of the 5 RCTs, 3 did not find a significant difference between groups, however 2 of these studies had small sample sizes and may have been underpowered. Of the 2 studies that did report a significant effect, there was not a significant effect across all reported outcomes. For example, one study reported differences based on the type of sweetener within LNCSB and the other did not find a difference in weight or BMI between groups, but did report that those who consumed LNCSB were more likely to achieve 5% weight loss. Low and no-calorie sweetened beverages: There were 37 studies identified via literature search from January 2000 to June 2019 included in this systematic review that examined the relationship between LNCSB and outcomes related to growth, size, body composition, and risk of overweight and obesity. . Of the 17 papers in children, all were prospective cohort studies. . Of the 20 papers in adults, 6 were from RCTs and 14 were from prospective cohort studies. In studies examining LNCSB intake in children, the majority of studies (~75%) reported no association for the main outcome measure(s) of adiposity among the study populations. The remaining studies had mixed associations and methodologic concerns. . 3 papers with findings of increased adiposity measures. . 1 paper with findings of decreased adiposity measures. . 1 paper only reported height-related outcomes. The body of evidence from children had several limitations: . Inadequate adjustment for confounders. . Inconsistency in methods for assessing beverage intake. . Short study duration. . High attrition. In studies examining LNCSB intake in adults, the majority of studies (72%) reported a significant effect or association between LNCSB intake and adiposity; however, this was not always consistent within studies that reported multiple outcome measures. . One well-designed RCT and two large prospective cohort studies reported an association between LNCSB and reduced adiposity. The body of evidence from adults had several limitations: . Experimental studies: short study duration, no assessment of compliance, and difference in comparators. . Cohort studies: confounding, difference in assessment methods, poor generalizability, and high attrition.
Dietary Patterns and All-Cause Mortality: A Systematic Review; BACKGROUND: This important public health question was identified by the U.S. Departments of Agriculture (USDA) and Health and Human Services (HHS) to be examined by the 2020 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee. The 2020 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee, Dietary Patterns Subcommittee conducted a systematic review to answer this question with support from the Nutrition Evidence Systematic Review (NESR) team. The goal of this systematic review was to examine the following question: What is the relationship between dietary patterns consumed and all-cause mortality?, CONCLUSION STATEMENTS AND GRADES:  Dietary patterns:   Strong evidence demonstrates that dietary patterns in adults and older adults characterized by vegetables, fruits, legumes, nuts, whole grains, unsaturated vegetable oils, and fish, lean meat or poultry when meat was included, are associated with decreased risk of all-cause mortality. These patterns were also relatively low in red and processed meat, high-fat dairy, and refined carbohydrates or sweets. Some of these dietary patterns also included alcoholic beverages in moderation. (Grade: Strong).  Diets based on macronutrient distribution:   Insufficient evidence was available to determine the relationship between diets based on macronutrient distribution and all-cause mortality. (Grade: Grade not assignable)., METHODS: A literature search was conducted using 3 databases (PubMed, Cochrane, Embase) to identify articles that evaluated the intervention or exposure of dietary patterns consumed and the outcome of all-cause mortality. A manual search was conducted to identify articles that may not have been included in the electronic databases searched. Articles were screened by two NESR analysts independently for inclusion based on pre-determined criteria. Data extraction and risk of bias assessment were conducted for each included study, and both were checked for accuracy. The Committee qualitatively synthesized the body of evidence to inform development of a conclusion statements, and graded the strength of evidence using pre-established criteria for risk of bias, consistency, directness, precision, and generalizability. Dietary patterns were defined as the quantities, proportions, variety, or combination of different foods, drinks, and nutrients (when available) in diets, and the frequency with which they are habitually consumed. Diets based on macronutrient distribution were examined when at least one macronutrient proportion was outside of the acceptable macronutrient distribution range (AMDR) for carbohydrate, fat, and/or protein, whether or not the foods/food groups consumed were provided., SUMMARY OF THE EVIDENCE: This systematic review identified 153 articles, including one randomized controlled trial and 152 prospective cohort study designs that met inclusion criteria and were published between January 2000 and October 2019. 141 studies examined the relationship between dietary patterns and all-cause mortality. The studies used multiple approaches to assess dietary patterns and all-cause mortality. . One RCT assigned participants to consume a "Mediterranean" dietary pattern with extra-virgin olive oil or mixed nuts compared to a control diet. . One-hundred ten articles examined dietary patterns using index or score analysis, . Twenty-five articles examined dietary patterns identified with factor and cluster analysis, . Eleven articles used other methods, including only reduced rank regression (RRR), comparisons based on animal-product consumption vs. avoidance, or comparisons based on 'ultra-processed' food consumption, to examine the relationship between dietary patterns and/or diets based on macronutrient distribution. . Despite the variety of different methods applied to examine or derive dietary patterns, the majority of studies finding statistically significant relationships between dietary patterns consumed and all-cause mortality risk were remarkably consistent. . Although the dietary patterns examined were characterized by different combinations of foods and beverages due to the variety of methods used, protective dietary patterns emerged with the following themes: . Patterns emphasizing higher consumption of vegetables, legumes, fruit, nuts, whole grains, fish, lean meat or poultry, and [unsaturated fats relative to saturated fats (either as a ratio of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) relative to saturated fats/fatty acids (SFA), MUFA relative to SFA, or Olive Oil specifically] were generally associated with decreased risk of all-cause mortality. Notably, there was consistency in particular with the inclusion of fish and/or seafood. Some of these dietary patterns also included alcoholic beverages in moderation. . Reduced risk of all-cause mortality was observed in several studies that examined dietary patterns without animal-source foods, such as those described as vegetarian, vegan, or determined by "plant-based" diet indices. . Of the dietary patterns that included animal-source foods, protective associations were generally observed with relatively lower consumption of red and processed meat. However, a limitation in the evidence is methodological heterogeneity in the food categories and terminology used to classify meat. . The inclusion of the ratio of white vs. red meat, type and amount of dairy products, and refined carbohydrates and sweets as elements to these patterns was less consistent across the evidence. The dietary patterns that included those elements and tended to show reduced risk of all-cause mortality had, . higher consumption of white meat relative to red or processed meat, . low-fat dairy relative to high-fat dairy, and/or. . lower relative to higher intake of refined carbohydrates and sweets. . Despite the variability between approaches used to examine dietary patterns, higher adherence to dietary patterns with common labels such as "Mediterranean", dietary-guidelines related (e.g., "Healthy Eating Index", "DASH" scores), or "plant-based" were generally protective against all-cause mortality risk. This highlights that a high-quality dietary pattern comprised of nutrient-dense foods, regardless of the label, associated with reduced all-cause mortality risk. . Results based on additional analyses according to a variety of key or potential confounders generally confirmed the robustness of results. . Although the majority of included studies were prospective cohort studies, most adjusted for key confounders, with the exception of race and ethnicity. The results are likely generalizable to adults of various race and ethnicity though it is difficult to determine the impact that race and ethnicity specifically may have on the relationship between dietary patterns and all-cause mortality due to a lack of reporting. . Insufficient evidence was available to determine the relationship between dietary patterns and all-cause mortality in younger populations (~age <35 years). Twenty-eight articles examined the relationship between diets based on macronutrient distributions but results were inconsistent. . When describing and categorizing studies included in this review, the Committee did not label the diets examined as "low" or "high," because no universally accepted standard definition is currently available for "low-carbohydrate" or "high-fat" diets. Instead, the Committee focused on whether, and the extent to which, the proportions of the macronutrients were below or above the AMDR. . Diets with proportions of carbohydrate and fat within the AMDR compared to outside the AMDRs tended to associate with reduced all-cause mortality risk, particularly when the diets examined were of higher quality (i.e., emphasizing vegetables, fruits, nuts, whole grains, legumes, fish, and/or lean meat or poultry). . Comparison of macronutrient distributions with or without the context of the foods/food groups comprising the dietary pattern showed inconsistent findings, likely due to several limitations that prevent the adequate assessment of the body of evidence: . The gradient between the macronutrient proportions compared between distributions was often small, e.g., 41% vs. 41.7%. . Methods used to estimate macronutrient intake differed between studies. . Many of the proportions outside of the AMDR were only marginally outside and often estimated differently between studies. . Most of these articles reported a proportion of energy from carbohydrate below and/or fat above the AMDR in at least one of the exposure groups compared. . Some of these articles also described the dietary pattern (i.e., foods and beverages) consumed, in addition to having macronutrient proportions outside of the AMDR.
Dietary Patterns and Risk of Cardiovascular Disease: A Systematic Review; BACKGROUND: This important public health question was identified by the U.S. Departments of Agriculture (USDA) and Health and Human Services (HHS) to be examined by the 2020 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee. The 2020 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee, Dietary Patterns Subcommittee conducted a systematic review to answer this question with support from the Nutrition Evidence Systematic Review (NESR) team. The goal of this systematic review was to examine the following question: What is the relationship between dietary patterns consumed and risk of cardiovascular disease?, CONCLUSION STATEMENTS AND GRADES:  Dietary Patterns: Children:   Limited evidence suggests that dietary patterns consumed by children and adolescents reflecting higher intakes of vegetables, fruits, whole grains, fish, low-fat dairy, legumes, and lower intake of sugar-sweetened beverages, other sweets, and processed meat, are associated with lower blood pressure and blood lipid levels, including low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triglycerides later in life. (Grade: Limited).  Dietary Patterns: Adults:   The 2020 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee conducted a systematic evidence scan and confirmed that the conclusion drawn by the 2015 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee generally reflects the current state of science: Strong and consistent evidence demonstrates that dietary patterns associated with decreased risk of cardiovascular disease are characterized by higher consumption of vegetables, fruits, whole grains, low-fat dairy, and seafood, and lower consumption of red and processed meat, and lower intakes of refined grains, and sugar-sweetened foods and beverages relative to less healthy patterns. Regular consumption of nuts and legumes and moderate consumption of alcohol also are shown to be components of a beneficial dietary pattern in most studies. Randomized dietary intervention studies have demonstrated that healthy dietary patterns exert clinically meaningful impact on cardiovascular risk factors, including blood lipids and blood pressure. Additionally, research that includes specific nutrients in their description of dietary patterns indicate that patterns that are lower in saturated fat, cholesterol, and sodium and richer in fiber, potassium, and unsaturated fats are beneficial for reducing cardiovascular disease risk. (2015 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee Grade: Strong).  Diets Based on Macronutrient Distribution: Children:   No evidence was available to determine the relationship between diets based on macronutrient distribution consumed by children or adolescents and concurrent or future development of cardiovascular disease. (Grade: Grade Not Assignable).  Diets Based on Macronutrient Distribution: Adults:   Limited evidence suggests non-energy restricted diets based solely on macronutrient distribution with either carbohydrate, fat, and/or protein proportions outside of the Acceptable Macronutrient Distribution Range, are neither beneficial nor detrimental regarding risk of cardiovascular disease in adults, primarily among those at high-risk, such as those with overweight, obesity or features of metabolic syndrome. (Grade: Limited)., METHODS: Two literature searches were conducted using 3 databases (PubMed, Cochrane, Embase) to identify articles that evaluated the intervention or exposure of dietary patterns consumed and the outcomes of cardiovascular disease. A manual search was conducted to identify articles that may not have been included in the electronic databases searched. Articles were screened by two NESR analysts independently for inclusion based on pre-determined criteria. Data extraction and risk of bias assessment were conducted for each included study, and both were checked for accuracy. The Committee qualitatively synthesized the body of evidence to inform development of a conclusion statement(s), and graded the strength of evidence using pre-established criteria for risk of bias, consistency, directness, precision, and generalizability. Dietary patterns were defined as the quantities, proportions, variety, or combination of different foods, drinks, and nutrients (when available) in diets, and the frequency with which they are habitually consumed. Diets based on macronutrient distribution were examined when at least one macronutrient proportion was outside of the acceptable macronutrient distribution range (AMDR) for carbohydrate, fat, and/or protein, whether or not the foods/food groups consumed were provided. Studies examining energy-restricted diets that induce weight loss or treat overweight and obesity for the purposes of treating additional or other medical conditions were excluded., SUMMARY OF THE EVIDENCE: One-hundred ninety articles were identified that met inclusion criteria and examined the relationship between dietary patterns and/or diets based on macronutrient proportion and risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Four included articles, all from prospective cohort studies (PCSs) published between January 2014 and October 2019, examined the relationship between dietary patterns consumed by children and CVD. . Two of the articles used index or score analyses to examine dietary patterns. . Two of the articles examined the dietary patterns identified with factor and cluster analyses. . Most of the studies examined intermediate CVD outcomes in childhood, although one study reported on incidence of CVD in adulthood. . This body of evidence updates an existing systematic review from the 2015 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee, which found insufficient evidence in pediatric populations published between 1980 and 2013 that met inclusion criteria on dietary patterns and CVD and therefore, was unable to form a conclusion statement at the time. One-hundred forty-nine articles examined dietary patterns consumed by adults and CVD. . These articles represent new evidence published since an existing systematic review that included articles published between January 1980 and 2013, which was reviewed by the 2015 Committee. . A systematic evidence scan was conducted to identify and examine newly published evidence, and determine whether a full systematic review update was warranted. . Based on results from the systematic evidence scan, the 2020 Committee determined that the newly published evidence was generally consistent with the body of evidence from the existing review, and a full systematic review update was not needed at this time. Therefore, the conclusion statement and grade from the existing review were carried forward. No articles were identified that met inclusion criteria and examined diets based on macronutrient distribution consumed in childhood and risk of CVD across the lifespan. Forty-nine included articles examined diets based on macronutrient distribution consumed by adults and CVD outcomes, met inclusion criteria, and were published between January 2000 and October 2019. . Nineteen articles came from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 30 articles came from PCSs. . When describing and categorizing studies included in these reviews, the Committee did not label the diets examined as "low" or "high," because no standard definition is currently available for, for example, "low-carbohydrate" or "high-fat" diets. Instead, the Committee focused on whether, and the extent to which, the proportions of the macronutrients were below or above the AMDR. . Most studies enrolled participants who were overweight or obese, or exhibited features of metabolic syndrome. . The majority of RCTs (n=11) reported no significant effects of macronutrient distributions on intermediate CVD outcomes, such as LDL cholesterol. . Although results from several RCTs (n=8) reported significantly improved intermediate CVD outcomes, diets compared between studies were heterogeneous with macronutrient distributions inconsistently above or below the AMDR and dependent upon the comparison of interest (e.g., fat within vs. above the AMDR). . Many PCSs reported no significant associations across specified macronutrient distributions and CVD mortality endpoint outcomes. . Among the PCSs (n=9 of 30) that also reported dietary patterns, the majority reported that diets with energy derived from total fat intakes above the AMDR were associated with increased CVD risk, and generally reflected lower diet quality. . Numerous limitations were identified across the body of evidence: . Vastly different study designs and diet assessment approaches were used to examine macronutrient distributions. Few studies evaluated macronutrient distribution in the context of dietary patterns in relation to CVD. . Foods and food groups consumed as part of the diet pattern, were inconsistently assessed and reported, thereby limiting meaningful conclusions regarding nutrient density and overall nutritional quality. . The gradient between proportions compared within and across studies varied widely. . Although many studies compared proportions that were distinctly different, some compared only slight differences in macronutrient content (e.g., 42.0% vs 43.7% fat), thereby reducing the specificity of the impact. . Due to the variability in methodology used to estimate macronutrient intake and/or adjust for total energy, confidence in the accuracy of reported proportions of energy falling outside the AMDR is low. . Several studies focused on a particular macronutrient of interest, such as "high-protein" or "low-carbohydrate" intake, but the proportion for that macronutrient was within the AMDR.
Dietary Patterns and Breast, Colorectal, Lung, and Prostate Cancer: A Systematic Review; BACKGROUND: This important public health question was identified by the U.S. Departments of Agriculture (USDA) and Health and Human Services (HHS) to be examined by the 2020 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee. The 2020 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee, Dietary Patterns Subcommittee conducted a systematic review to answer this question with support from the Nutrition Evidence Systematic Review (NESR) team. The goal of this systematic review was to examine the following question: What is the relationship between dietary patterns consumed and risk of certain types of cancer?, CONCLUSION STATEMENTS AND GRADES:  Dietary patterns: Breast cancer:   Moderate evidence indicates that dietary patterns rich in vegetables, fruits, and whole grains, and lower in animal-source foods and refined carbohydrates, are associated with reduced risk of postmenopausal breast cancer. The data regarding these dietary patterns and premenopausal breast cancer risk point in the same direction, but the evidence is limited as fewer studies include premenopausal breast cancer. (Grade: Moderate - Postmenopausal breast cancer risk, Limited - Premenopausal breast cancer risk).  Dietary patterns: Colorectal cancer:   Moderate evidence indicates that dietary patterns higher in vegetables, fruits, legumes, whole grains, lean meats and seafood, and low-fat dairy; and low in red and processed meats, saturated fat and sugar-sweetened beverages and sweets relative to other dietary patterns are associated with lower risk of colon and rectal cancer. Moderate evidence also indicates that dietary patterns that are higher in red and processed meats, French fries, potatoes, and sources of sugars (e.g., sugar-sweetened beverages, sweets and dessert foods) are associated with a greater colon and rectal cancer risk. (Grade: Moderate).  Dietary patterns: Lung cancer:   Limited evidence suggests that dietary patterns containing more frequent servings of vegetables, fruits, seafood, grains and cereals, legumes and lean vs. higher fat meats and lower fat or non-fat dairy products may be associated with lower risk of lung cancer, primarily among former smokers and current smokers. (Grade: Limited).  Dietary patterns: Prostate cancer:   Limited evidence suggests no relationship between dietary patterns and risk of prostate cancer. (Grade: Limited)., METHODS: A literature search was conducted using 4 databases (PubMed, Embase, Cochrane, CINAHL) to identify articles that evaluated the intervention or exposure of dietary patterns consumed and risk of breast, colorectal, lung, and prostate cancer. A manual search was conducted to identify articles that may not have been included in the electronic databases searched. Articles were screened by two NESR analysts independently for inclusion based on pre-determined criteria. Data extraction and risk of bias assessment were conducted for each included study, and both were checked for accuracy. The Committee qualitatively synthesized the body of evidence to inform development of a conclusion statement(s), and graded the strength of evidence using pre-established criteria for risk of bias, consistency, directness, precision, and generalizability. Dietary patterns were defined as the quantities, proportions, variety, or combination of different foods, drinks, and nutrients (when available) in diets, and the frequency with which they are habitually consumed., SUMMARY OF THE EVIDENCE:  Dietary patterns: Breast cancer:   This systematic review update includes 26 studies that examined the relationship between dietary patterns and risk of breast cancer, met inclusion criteria, and were published between January 2014 and January 2020: . Three studies were randomized controlled trials, . Twenty-one were prospective cohort studies, and . Two studies were nested case-control studies. The studies were heterogeneous, in terms of which methods were used to identify or assess dietary patterns, how dietary intake was assessed, and duration of follow-up. However, despite this heterogeneity, the body of evidence was consistent in the types of foods and beverages examined in a number of the patterns, particularly in those studies that reported statistically significant associations with lower risk of breast cancer. . In a number of studies, dietary patterns that included vegetables, fruits, and whole grains, and that were lower in animal products and refined carbohydrates, were associated with reduced risk of postmenopausal breast cancer. . Alcohol was not consistently included within the patterns found to be inversely associated with breast cancer risk. . Few studies reported results for premenopausal breast cancer risk. The studies were direct and generalizable, in that the populations, interventions, comparators, and outcomes of interest in the included studies were directly related to the systematic review question, and were applicable to the U.S. population. The body of evidence had several risks of bias, particularly in the observational studies, including lack of adjustment for all key confounders, assessment of a dietary pattern only once at baseline or in the first few years of follow-up, and a lack of accounting for possible changes in dietary intake that may have occurred over follow-up. This systematic review updates and concurs with the conclusions drawn by the 2015 Committee.  Dietary patterns: Colorectal cancer:   This systematic review update includes 24 studies that examined the relationship between dietary patterns and risk of colorectal cancer, met inclusion criteria, and were published between January 2014 and January 2020: . Two studies were randomized controlled trials, . Twenty-one studies were prospective cohort studies, and . One study was a nested case-control study. The studies were heterogeneous, in terms of which methods were used to identify or assess dietary patterns, how dietary intake was assessed, and duration of follow-up. However, despite this heterogeneity, the body of evidence was consistent in the types of foods and beverages examined in a number of the patterns, particularly in those studies that reported statistically significant associations with lower risk of colorectal cancer. . In a number of studies, dietary patterns that included vegetables, fruits, legumes, whole grains, lean meats and seafood, and low-fat dairy, and that were lower in red and processed meats, saturated fat, sodas, and sweets were associated with lower risk of colorectal cancer. . Alcohol was not consistently included within the patterns found to be inversely associated with colorectal cancer risk. . Results were more consistent in men, and for total colorectal cancer risk. The studies were direct and generalizable, in that that the populations, intervention, comparators, and outcomes of interest in the included studies were directly related to the systematic review question and were applicable to the U.S. population. The body of evidence had several risks of bias, particularly in the observational studies, including lack of adjustment for all key confounders, assessment of a dietary pattern only once at baseline or in the first few years of follow-up, and a lack of accounting for possible changes in dietary intake that may have occurred over follow-up. This systematic review updates the conclusions drawn by the 2015 Committee. The 2020 Committee determined that the body of evidence included in this update was consistent with that considered by the 2015 Committee, with the exception of alcohol. Because alcohol was not consistently part of the patterns found to be significantly associated with lower colorectal cancer risk, and in some cases, were part of cases associated with increased risk, "moderate alcohol" was removed from the conclusion statement.  Dietary patterns: Lung cancer:   This systematic review update includes 7 prospective cohort studies and one nested case-control study that examined the relationship between dietary patterns and risk of lung cancer, met inclusion criteria, and were published between January 2014 and January 2020. Though the body of evidence had some inconsistencies in direction and magnitude of effect, most studies reported significant associations between adherence to a dietary pattern and lower risk of lung cancer. . In several studies, dietary patterns containing more frequent servings of vegetables, fruits, seafood, grains and cereals, legumes and lean vs. higher fat meats and lower fat or non-fat dairy products were associated with lower risk of lung cancer. . The protective effects of the patterns were more consistent among participants who were former smokers and current smokers than among participants who were never smokers. . Alcohol was not consistently included within the patterns found to be inversely associated with lung cancer risk. Most studies had large analytic sample sizes with a sufficient number of lung cancer cases occurring over follow-up to examine associations. However, the width of confidence intervals indicates some degree of imprecision within the body of evidence. The studies were direct and generalizable, in that the populations, intervention, comparators, and outcomes of interest in the included studies were directly related to the systematic review question, and were applicable to the U.S. population. The body of evidence had several risks of bias, including lack of adjustment for all key confounders, assessment of dietary pattern only once at baseline or in the first few years of follow-up, and a lack of accounting for possible changes in dietary intake that may have occurred over follow-up. This systematic review updates and concurs with the conclusions drawn by the 2015 Committee.  Dietary patterns: Prostate cancer:   This systematic review update includes 7 prospective cohort studies and one nested case-control study that examined the relationship between dietary patterns and risk of prostate cancer, met inclusion criteria, and were published between January 2014 and January 2020. Though the direction and magnitude of effect across the body of evidence was inconsistent, most studies reported no significant associations between adherence to a dietary pattern and risk of prostate cancer. Most studies had large analytic sample sizes with a sufficient number of prostate cancer cases occurring over follow-up to examine associations. However, the width of confidence intervals indicates some degree of imprecision within the body of evidence. The studies were direct and generalizable, in that the populations, exposures, comparators, and outcomes of interest in the included studies were directly related to the systematic review question, and were applicable to the U.S. population. The body of evidence had several risks of bias, including lack of adjustment for all key confounders, assessment of a dietary pattern only once at baseline or in the first few years of follow-up, and a lack of accounting for possible changes in dietary intake that may have occurred over follow-up. This systematic review updates the review done by the 2015 Committee, which did not draw a conclusion regarding the relationship between dietary patterns and the risk of prostate cancer due to limited evidence from a small number of studies with wide variation in study design, dietary assessment methodology and prostate cancer outcome ascertainment. The 2020 Committee determined that, based on the 8 additional studies in their update, limited evidence is now available to suggest no relationship between dietary patterns and risk of prostate cancer.
The Duration, Frequency, and Volume of Exclusive Human Milk and/or Infant Formula Consumption and Overweight and Obesity: A Systematic Review; BACKGROUND: This important public health question was identified by the U.S. Departments of Agriculture (USDA) and Health and Human Services (HHS) to be examined by the 2020 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee. The 2020 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee, Birth to 24 Months Subcommittee, conducted a systematic review to answer this question with support from the Nutrition Evidence Systematic Review (NESR) team. The goal of this systematic review was to examine the following question: What is the relationship between the duration, frequency, and volume of exclusive human milk and/or infant formula consumption and overweight and obesity?, CONCLUSION STATEMENTS AND GRADES:  Ever vs never consuming human milk:   . Moderate evidence from observational studies indicates that ever, compared with never, consuming human milk is associated with lower risk of overweight and obesity at ages 2 years and older, particularly if the duration of human milk consumption is 6 months or longer. (Grade: Moderate).  Duration of any human milk consumption among infants fed human milk:   . Insufficient evidence is available to determine the relationship between the duration of any human milk consumption, among infants fed human milk, and overweight and obesity at ages 2 years and older; the available evidence was inconsistent. (Grade: Grade not assignable).  Duration of exclusive human milk consumption before the introduction of infant formula:   . Insufficient evidence is available to determine the relationship between the duration of exclusive human milk consumption before the introduction of infant formula and overweight and obesity at ages 2 years and older. (Grade: Grade not assignable).  Intensity, proportion, or amount of human milk consumed by mixed-fed infants:   . No evidence is available to determine the relationship between the intensity, proportion, or amount of human milk consumed by mixed-fed infants and overweight and obesity at ages 2 years and older. (Grade: Grade not assignable).  Intensity, proportion, or amount of human milk consumed at the breast vs by bottle in infants fed human milk as their only source of milk:   . No evidence is available to determine the relationship between the intensity, proportion, or amount of human milk consumed at the breast vs by bottle in infants fed human milk as their only source of milk and overweight and obesity at ages 2 years and older. (Grade: Grade not assignable).  Consuming human milk or infant formula (i.e., a single substance) vs human milk and infant formula (i.e., both substances) during a single feeding session:   . No evidence is available to determine the relationship between consuming human milk or infant formula (i.e., a single substance) vs human milk and infant formula (i.e., both substances, e.g., "topping up") during a single feeding session and overweight and obesity at ages 2 years and older. (Grade: Grade not assignable)., METHODS: Two literature searches were conducted to identify articles published from January 1980 to March 2016, and from March 2016 to September 2019. The searches used 4 databases (PubMed, Embase, CINAHL, and Cochrane). A manual search was conducted to identify articles that may not have been included in the electronic databases searched. Articles were screened by 2 NESR analysts independently for inclusion based on pre-determined criteria. Articles published between 2011 and 2019 were included if they met the pre-determined criteria and examined human milk and infant formula exposures from birth to 24 months and the outcomes of overweight and obesity at 2 years of age and older. Additional articles, published between 1980 and 2011, were included if they met the pre-determined criteria and compared siblings within the same family. Sibling studies are unique because they reduce the risk of bias from confounding from genetic and environmental factors that siblings share. Data extraction and risk of bias assessment were conducted for each included study, and both were checked for accuracy. The Committee qualitatively synthesized the body of evidence to inform development of a conclusion statement, and graded the strength of evidence using pre-established criteria for risk of bias, consistency, directness, precision, and generalizability., SUMMARY OF THE EVIDENCE: This systematic review examined the relationship between the duration, frequency, and volume of exclusive human milk and/or infant formula consumption and overweight and obesity. Specifically, this systematic review examined available evidence that compared: . Infants who ever consumed milk (i.e., any amount of human milk) with infants who never consumed human milk, . Infants who consumed human milk (i.e., any amount of human milk) for different durations, . Infants who consumed human milk exclusively for different durations before the introduction of infant formula, . Mixed-fed infants (i.e., consuming both human milk and infant formula, but not complementary foods and beverages) who consumed different intensities, proportions, or amounts of human milk, . Infants who consumed human milk as their only source of milk and who consumed different intensities, proportions, or amounts of human milk at the breast versus by bottle, and . Mixed-fed infants who consumed a single substance at a single feeding session (i.e., either human milk or infant formula) with mixed-fed infants who consumed both substances at a single feeding session (e.g., "topping up"). Human milk refers to mother's own milk provided at the breast (i.e., nursing) or expressed and fed fresh or after refrigeration or freezing. Examinations of donor milk are not included in this review. Exclusive human milk consumption refers to consuming human milk alone and not in combination with infant formula or complementary foods and beverages. Infant formula refers to commercially prepared infant formula meeting the FDA and/or Codex Alimentarius international food standards. Complementary foods and beverages are foods and beverages other than human milk or infant formula (liquids, semisolids, and solids) provided to an infant or young child to provide nutrients and energy. The outcomes of interest were overweight and obesity at ages 2 years and older. Available evidence about rapid weight gain from birth to 24 months and BMI and body composition at ages 2 years and older were also examined from studies that conducted within-famliy analyses of discordant siblings (i.e., siblings fed differently during infancy, siblings with differences in outcome status, or both). This review identified 42 articles that met the inclusion criteria. Thirty of the 42 articles presented evidence about ever, compared with never, consuming human milk, and 21 of the 42 articles presented evidence about different durations of any human milk consumption (i.e. some articles presented evidence about both exposures). The 30 articles that examined the relationship between ever, compared with never, consuming human milk, and overweight and/or obesity at ages 2 years and older presented evidence from 21 independent cohorts. . The evidence had strong consistency. Fourteen of the 21 studies found significant associations and all of them showed that ever, compared with never, consuming human milk is associated with lower risk of overweight and/or obesity at ages 2 years and older. One study showed a marginal association in the same direction, and some of the remaining studies were underpowered. . The evidence available from 5 of 7 studies that compared infants who consumed human milk for different durations with infants who never consumed human milk suggested that a longer duration of human milk consumption (e.g., >=6 months) is most likely to be associated with reduced risk of overweight or obesity, compared to never consuming human milk. . In 4 studies, the investigators conducted within-family analyses of siblings, which are designed to reduce bias due to confounding from genetic and environmental factors (factors that siblings share). Some of these analyses showed an attenuation of the significant associations found in full-sample analyses, suggesting that confounding may explain some of the association between ever, compared with never, consuming human milk and overweight and/or obesity at ages 2 years and older. . The ability to draw stronger conclusions was primarily limited by the potential for confounding in a body of evidence made up of observational studies, and some concerns about the generalizability of the evidence from the studies conducted outside the United States (because U.S. populations may have higher risk of overweight and obesity than do the populations sampled for the non-U.S. studies). The 21 articles that examined the relationship between the duration of any human milk consumption, among infants fed human milk, and overweight and/or obesity at ages 2 years and older presented evidence from 1 cluster randomized controlled trial and 18 independent cohorts. . The evidence was inconclusive. Nine of the 19 studies reported significant associations, but they were inconsistent in direction. In addition, potential bias from confounding and the limited generalizability of the evidence from the non-U.S. studies raised concerns (in particular because the prevalence of obesity among the participants of the cluster randomized controlled trial, conducted in Belarus, was much lower than the prevalence among youth in the United States). Evidence available from 2 studies was insufficient to determine the relationship between the duration of exclusive human milk consumption before the introduction of infant formula and overweight and/or obesity at ages 2 years and older. No studies were identified that examined the intensity, proportion, or amount of human milk consumed by mixed-fed infants, the intensity, proportion, or amount of human milk consumed at the breast versus by bottle, or consuming a single substance (i.e., either human milk or infant formula) versus both human milk and infant formula during a single feeding session.
Drugs and Lactation Database (LactMed R); Marine oils, such as fish oil or algal oil, are a rich source of omega-3 fatty acids, especially the essential fatty acids, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA). Algal oil is high in DHA and low in EPA, whereas fish oil has more EPA than DHA. DHA and EPA are normal components of breastmilk where concentrations reflect maternal intake. The DHA level in breastmilk is typically between 0.2% and 0.3% in Western countries.[1] This is usually sufficient to meet the DHA requirements of term breastfed infants, but not the higher requirements of preterm infants, where additional maternal supplementation is needed.[2] Maternal supplementation increases breastmilk levels of DHA and EPA, although it appears that milk concentrations depend more on long-term than short-term (past 3-days) intake.[3-5] Higher milk levels result in higher infant plasma and erythrocyte levels of omega-3 fatty acid-derived phospholipid. One study found that breastmilk DHA was a better predictor of infant erythrocyte DHA than direct supplementation of the infants with fish oil.[6] Current dietary recommendations for nursing mothers is 250 to 375 mg daily of DHA plus EPA.[7] Lactating women require a daily dosage of about 1000 mg DHA plus EPA to reach a milk DHA plus EPA of 1 gram/dL at 4 weeks postpartum.[8] Supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids has been studied for reduction of postpartum depression in nursing mothers and for improving various infant outcomes. A meta-analysis of 35 randomized, controlled trials found that women with a diagnosis of severe depression obtained benefit from omega-3 fatty acids, but those with mild depression did not.[9] Several meta-analyses have been performed on fish oil supplementation during breastfeeding. They found no beneficial effect of omega-3-fatty acid supplementation during breastfeeding on infant problem-solving ability, intelligence, socioemotional, psychomotor or motor development, visual acuity, growth or language development, academic performance, risks of attention deficit disorder, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder, autism spectrum disorder, anxiety, or depression.[10-13] The most recent and comprehensive meta-analysis found that supplementation improved measures of cognitive development in the infant or child by 6 to 11%.[13] Two meta-analyses found that maternal supplementation with omega-3-polyunsaturated fatty acids during lactation had little or no beneficial effect on childhood allergic diseases.[14,15] A more recent large study found that supplementation of nursing mothers with DHA 1.2 grams daily did not improve their infants' neurodevelopmental outcomes at 18 to 22 months of age in breastfed, preterm neonates, but subgroup analyses suggested a potential benefit for language in preterm neonates born before 27 weeks' gestational age.[16] Although DHA supplementation increases anti-inflammatory components and reduced inflammatory prostaglandins in milk, supplementation of mothers with preterm infants did not decrease the frequency of bronchopulmonary dysplasia at 36 weeks gestational age.[17,18] Weak evidence for improved vision and attention was found in one study.[10,11] Long-term follow-up of a small group of children whose mothers received fish oil supplements during lactation found that boys had a delayed puberty, shorter average height, and higher systolic blood pressure at age 13 years, but no differences in self-rated socioemotional outcomes or physical activity at 13 years of age.[19,20] Other studies found that maternal fish oil supplementation during pregnancy and lactation reduced oxidative stress in their breastfed infants.[21,22] Supplementation of nursing mothers with fish oil of about 800 mg of DHA plus EPA for 6 months altered the infant intestinal microbiome in a way that might decrease resistance to colonization with pathogens. However, no increase in infant illnesses were seen.[23] Infants breastfed by overweight or obese mothers who took 3 grams of fish oil daily had greater ponderal index and reduced insulin resistance compared to placebo at 3 months of age.[24] Fish oil up to 3 grams daily is "generally recognized as safe" (GRAS) as a food by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. The most common complaint is burping a fishy taste after ingestion. However, breast milk odor is not changed by maternal fish oil consumption.[25] Rarely, allergic reactions are reported with nut oil-derived omega-3 fatty acids in patients allergic to nuts. Dietary supplements do not require extensive pre-marketing approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Manufacturers are responsible to ensure the safety, but do not need to prove the safety and effectiveness of dietary supplements before they are marketed. Dietary supplements may contain multiple ingredients, and differences are often found between labeled and actual ingredients or their amounts. A manufacturer may contract with an independent organization to verify the quality of a product or its ingredients, but that does not certify the safety or effectiveness of a product. Because of the above issues, clinical testing results on one product may not be applicable to other products. More detailed information about dietary supplements is available elsewhere on the LactMed Web site.
Effect of lidocaine cream analgesia for chest drain tube removal after video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery for lung cancer: a randomized clinical trial.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Pain management makes an important contribution to good respiratory care and early recovery after thoracic surgery. Although the development of video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery (VATS) has led to improved patient outcomes, chest tube removal could be distressful experience for many patients. The aim of this trial was to test whether the addition of lidocaine cream would have a significant impact on the pain treatment during chest tube removal from patients who had undergone VATS for lung cancer., METHODS: This clinical trial was a double-blind randomized study. Forty patients with histologically confirmed lung cancer amenable to lobectomy/segmentectomy were enrolled. All patients had standard perioperative care. Patients were randomly assigned to receive either epidural anesthesia plus placebo cream (placebo, Group P) or epidural anesthesia plus 7% lidocaine cream cutaneously around the chest tube insertion site and on the skin over the tube's course 20 min (Group L) before chest drain removal., RESULTS: Visual analog scale (VAS) scores were higher in Group P (median 5, IQR, 3.25-8) than in Group L (median 2, IQR, 1-3). Pain intensities measured using a PainVision system were also higher in Group P (median 296.7, IQR, 216.9-563.5) than Group L (median 41.2, IQR, 11.8-97.0). VAS scores and the pain intensity associated with chest drain removal were significantly lower in Group L than Group P (p=0.0002 vs p<0.0001)., CONCLUSION: Analgesia using lidocaine cream is a very simple way to reduce the pain of chest tube removal after VATS., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: UMIN000013824. Copyright © American Society of Regional Anesthesia & Pain Medicine 2019. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Phytosterol-enriched milk lowers LDL-cholesterol levels in Brazilian children and adolescents: Double-blind, cross-over trial.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Despite evidence of the lipid-lowering effect of plant sterols among adults with hypercholesterolemia, data regarding phytosterol use in children are limited. In this paper, we examined the effects of daily consumption of a phytosterol-enriched milk compound on the lipid profiles of Brazilian children and adolescents with dyslipidemia., METHODS AND RESULTS: This was a randomized, double blind, crossover clinical trial. Twenty eight dyslipidemics outpatients (aged 6-9 years) from an University Hospital were randomly allocated to control or intervention group. The intervention group received milk enriched with 1.2 g/day of plant sterol and the control group received the equivalent amount of skim milk during the period of 8 weeks. Changes from baseline in the mean lipid profile, including total cholesterol (TC), low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and triglyceride (TG) concentrations. Serum lipid profiles, glucose levels, dietary and anthropometric data were determined at weeks 0, 4, 8, 16, and 20. Details regarding the safety and tolerance of phytosterol were obtained, using an open-ended questionnaire. Intention-to-treat analysis were performed, using the proc mixed procedure in SAS. After 8 weeks, the mean concentrations of TC and LDL-C were significantly reduced in the intervention group as compared to the control group with reductions of 5.9% (p = 0.09) and 10.2% (p = 0.002), respectively. In addition, TG concentrations were reduced by 19.7% (p = 0.09). No serious side effects were reported during the study., CONCLUSION: Our results confirm that plant sterols are an effective and safe treatment of infantile dyslipidemia., TRIAL REGISTRATION: RBR-3h7f9k. Copyright © 2017 The Italian Society of Diabetology, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition, and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
First report of crown gall disease caused by Agrobacterium radiobacter on olive plants in Layyah, Punjab, Pakistan.; Crown galls were observed on one-year-old olive plants (Olea europaea cv. Manzanilla) in the District Layyah (30.9693degree N, 70.9428degree E) of Punjab, Pakistan. Large tumors were evident on collars region, causing growth stunting, leaf yellowing, and overall plant dieback (Supplementary fig. 1). Total 900 of olive plant were grown including 300 young plants in five hectare orchards, around 25% of the young plants in orchard had gall formation with varying in size (2-15cm), majority of the infected plants were grown near the water channel, where soil moisture level were high (90-100%). Other olive orchards in the same area have not crown gall problem and the tumorigenic strains of bacteria can cause crown gall on plants (Nemanja Kuzmanovic et al. 2015). This study was aimed to determine the pathogen of disease. The randomized collected samples were rinsed with tap water and galls were sterilized with 10% sodium hypochlorite solution for 1.5-3.0 min, washed with sterilized Distilled Water (SDW) then chopped and immersed overnight in SDW at room temperature. Isolations were carried out by plating the internal gall tissues on fresh Luria Bertani agar (LB agar) supplemented with natamycin. After incubating at 28degreeC for 5 days, 10 single colonies were transferred on new LBA plates for further cultivation at 28degreeC. After 48 to 72 h, three strains showed white to cream-colored, smooth, convex, glistening, circular with entire edges, and mucoid bacterial colonies resembling Agrobacterium spp. These three strains (BAT01, BAT02, BAT03) also showed biochemical and physiological characteristics similar to A. tumefaciens, including oxidase positive, growth at 35degreeC and in 2% NaCl, and alkalinity from litmus milk. They were tested negative for utilization of citrate and acid production on potato dextrose agar (PDA) supplemented with CaCO3 (Young et al. 2015). Amplification and sequencing of these three strain's 16S rRNA region and chromosomal recA gene with the universal primers fD1/rP2 and F2898/F2899 verified the identification at species level (Weisburg et al. 1991) . BLAST analysis revealed 100% identity for 16S rRNA and recA gene between the olive crown gall strains. Accession No. of deposited sequences were given in table 1 and the reference sequences GenBank Accessions No. of A. tumefaciens is FM209485.1 and KY913787 respectively. Phylogenetic analysis based on 16S rRNA of the strains from the crown gall and reference strains of various species of Agrobacterium by Maximum-likelihood method with Tamura's three-parameter model using the MEGA X software program confirmed the strain from olive was A. tumefaciens (Supplementary fig. 2). Inoculating the crown part of the plant through wounds of sterile needles plunged into young (2 to 3 day) bacterial culture (107 CFU/ml) and sterile distilled water (SDW) was screened for pathogens on 10 one-year-old olive plants cv. Manzanilla. Plants were grown at 23 +/- 3degreeC, and tumor formation was observed 4 weeks after inoculation. Typical tumours formed and no symptoms found in control plants at inoculation sites and Koch's postulates were fulfilled with re-isolation and amplification of bacteria with recA gene region. This data shows that A. tumefaciens causes crown gall in olive plants. though it is reported before in different olive growing region in the world but This is first time reported in Layyah, Punjab, Pakistan.
The impact of consuming technologically processed functional foods enriched/fortified with (poly)phenols on cardiometabolic risk factors: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.; Cardiovascular diseases are a major global cause of death and healthcare costs, emphasizing the need for effective prevention and management of cardiometabolic risk factors. One promising approach is the consumption of technologically processed functional foods enriched/fortified with (poly)phenols. The current systematic review aimed to evaluate the human clinical trials evidence on the effect of intake of these foods on reducing the most common cardiometabolic risk factors. 12 randomized controlled studies were included in the systematic review, with varying food intake amounts (27-360 g/day) and (poly)phenol doses (32.5-850 mg/day). These interventions included consumption of functional bakery goods, cereal bars, pasta, chocolate, and yogurt, with supplementation periods spanning from 2 to 52 wk. Several foods, such as green tea extract-fortified rye bread and olive fruit (poly)phenol-fortified yogurt, significantly lowered blood pressure. Flavonoid-enriched chocolate, hydroxytyrosol-fortified bread, and other products influenced glucose metabolism. Additionally, various functional foods were associated with improved blood lipid levels. While these results indicate the health advantages of consuming technologically processed functional foods enriched/fortified with (poly)phenols, caution is warranted due to the scarcity and limitations of existing studies. Further research is needed to confirm and expand upon these results in the prevention and management of cardiometabolic risk factors.
Effects of heat stress abatement on systemic and mammary inflammation in lactating dairy cows.; To examine the effects of evaporative cooling on systemic and mammary inflammation of lactating dairy cows, 30 multiparous Holstein cows (parity = 2.4, 156 d in milk) were randomly assigned to 1 of 2 treatments: cooling (CL) with fans and misters or not (NC). The experiment was divided into a 10-d baseline when all cows were cooled, followed by a 36-d environmental challenge when cooling was terminated for NC cows. The onset of environmental challenge was considered as d 1. Temperature-humidity index averaged 78.4 during the environmental challenge. Milk yield and dry matter intake (DMI) were recorded daily. Blood and milk samples were collected from a subset of cows (n = 9/treatment) on d -3, 1, 3, 7, 14, and 28 of the experiment to measure cortisol, interleukin 10 (IL10), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), haptoglobin, and lipopolysaccharide binding protein (LBP). Mammary biopsies were collected from a second subset of cows (n = 6/treatment) on d -9, 2, 10, and 36 to analyze gene expression of cytokines and haptoglobin. A subset of cows (n = 7/treatment) who were not subjected to mammary biopsy collection received a bolus of lipopolysaccharides (LPS) in the left rear quarter on d 30 of the experiment. Blood was sampled from cows and milk samples from the LPS-infused quarter were collected at -4, 0, 3, 6, 12, 24, 48, and 96 h relative to infusion, for analyses of inflammatory products. Deprivation of cooling decreased milk yield and DMI. Compared with CL cows, plasma cortisol concentration of NC cows was higher on d 1 but lower on d 28 of the experiment (cooling x time). Deprivation of cooling did not affect circulating TNF-alpha, IL10, haptoglobin, or LBP. Compared with CL cows, NC cows tended to have higher milk IL10 concentrations but did not show effects in TNF-alpha, haptoglobin, or LBP. No differences were observed in mammary tissue gene expression of TNF-alpha, IL10, and haptoglobin. Milk yield declined after LPS infusion but was not affected by treatment. Compared with CL cows, NC cows had greater milk somatic cell count following intramammary LPS infusion. Non-cooled cows had lower circulating TNF-alpha and IL10 concentrations and tended to have lower circulating haptoglobin concentrations than CL cows. Milk IL10 and TNF- concentrations were higher 3 h after LPS infusion for NC cows compared with CL cows. Additionally, NC cows tended to have higher milk haptoglobin concentration after LPS infusion than CL cows. In conclusion, deprivation of evaporative cooling had minimal effects on lactating cows' basal inflammatory status, but upregulated mammary inflammatory responses after intramammary LPS infusion. Copyright © 2023, The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. and Fass Inc. on behalf of the American Dairy Science Association R. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
Effect of Peanut Paste-based Ready-to-use School Meals With and Without Milk on Fluid Cognition in Northern Ghana: A Randomized Controlled Trial.; BACKGROUND: Few studies have investigated the role of school feeding in low- and middle-income countries as a means of improving childhood cognition. Peanut/milk ready-to-use food (PM-RUF) or cowpea offers an affordable, scalable option that might improve cognition., OBJECTIVES: To determine whether micronutrient-fortified PM-RUF or peanut/cowpea ready-to-use food (PC-RUF) would improve fluid cognition as assessed by 4 tests from the National Institutes of Health Toolbox Cognitive Battery when compared with a micronutrient-fortified millet porridge (FP) after a year of school feeding., METHODS: An individually randomly assigned, investigator-blinded, controlled clinical trial was conducted at 6 schools in Mion District in rural northern Ghana. Eight hundred seventy-one school children aged 5-12 y were randomly assigned and allocated to receive PM-RUF (n = 282), PC-RUF (n = 292), or FP (n = 297), each providing ~400 kcal/d. The primary outcomes were 4 fluid cognition test scores: Dimensional Change Card Sort test, Flanker Inhibitory Control and Attention test, Pattern Comparison Processing Speed test, and a modified List Sorting Working Memory test. Secondary outcomes included a composite median ranking of the 4 primary outcomes and anthropometry changes., RESULTS: Among the 871 participants (median age, 8.8 y; 47% female), 795 (91%) completed endline cognitive testing. Median attendance rates exceeded 87% in all groups. PM-RUF group demonstrated better fluid cognition on the Dimensional Change Card Sort test [odds ratio (OR): 1.5; 95% CI: 1.1, 2.0; P = 0.016] and Pattern Comparison Processing Speed test (OR: 1.4; 95% CI: 1.0, 1.9; P = 0.026) than FP, whereas there were no significant differences on Flanker Inhibitory Control and Attention or List Sorting Working Memory tests. PC-RUF group demonstrated no improvement over FP on any cognitive tests. PM-RUF group had superior fluid cognition composite median rankings (OR: 1.5; 95% CI: 1.1, 2.0; P = 0.007)., CONCLUSIONS: Among rural Ghanaian children aged 5-12 y, PM-RUF compared with FP resulted in superior fluid cognition. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT04349007. Copyright © 2023 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The effects of extra virgin olive oil or butter on cardiovascular biomarkers in European and Chinese males in the UK: A pilot randomised crossover trial.; Purpose: No dietary interventional studies have reported the impact of olive oil on cardiovascular risk markers in groups of different ethnic origins. We report a pilot randomised controlled trial of an intervention supplementing extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) on markers of cardiovascular risk among East Asian Chinese, and European Caucasian individuals. Methods: A cross-over, randomised controlled dietary intervention for 2 weeks was undertaken. Thirty-two adults, healthy, individuals of Chinese and European origin took part in this study. 24-h ambulatory systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SBP, DBP), and blood lipids, were assessed. Results: Positive benefits of EVOO consumption were observed in all participants. Lower 24-h ambulatory SBP (-4.3 mmHg; p = 0.020), and day-time SBP (5.528 mmHg; p = 0.008), night-time DBP (-3.784 mmHg; p = 0.008) and night-time MAP (-3.747 mmHg; p = 0.007) were seen in all participants independently of covariates. In addition, total cholesterol (7.9 mg/dL; p = 0.017) and LDL-cholesterol (6.5 mg/dL; p = 0.028) were increased with butter but not with olive oil. No significant difference in other cardiovascular risk factors were observed. However, differences were observed between Caucasians and East Asian individuals in the absence of significant differences in lifestyle. Conclusion:  This pilot study suggests that consumption of EVOO should be advocated as a healthier dietary fat and recommended to replace butter as a dietary strategy to improve cardiovascular health in both Caucasians and East Asian individuals.
Butyrate supplementation in the liquid diet of dairy calves leads to a rapid recovery from diarrhea and reduces its occurrence and relapses in the preweaning period.; The present study aimed to evaluate the effect of continuous butyrate administration in dairy calves' liquid diet considering diarrhea, metabolic profile, gastrointestinal development, and corporal growth. Immediately after birth, calves were randomly allocated into 2 groups of 62 calves (50 females and 12 males), with access to water and a solid feed ad libitum. The butyrate group (BG) received 4 g/d of sodium butyrate (Admix Easy, Adisseo) diluted in the whole milk, and the control group (CG) received whole milk with no supplementation. Sodium butyrate was administered from d 1 of life until the weaning at 90 d. Feces consistency was assessed daily for the first 30 d of life and characterized by scores from 0 to 4 (0 and 1 for normal, and 2, 3, and 4 for abnormal feces). Diarrhea was diagnosed when the animals had abnormal feces and fever. Morbidity, recurrence, mortality, and lethality data were recorded and compared between the groups. Average daily gain (ADG) and corporal growth (body weight, thoracic perimeter, height at the withers, and croup width) were evaluated weekly, from the first day to d 30, and later at 45, 60, and 90 d of life. Blood samples were taken weekly for up to 30 d to determine the circulating levels of total calcium, phosphorus, chloride, bicarbonate, glucose, beta-hydroxybutyrate, and nonesterified fatty acids. The males were euthanized at 15 (n = 6 per group) and 30 d (n = 6 per group) for morphometric, histological, and gene expression analysis of the gastrointestinal tract. The results showed that the BG had a lower rate of morbidity (BG = 30% vs. CG = 50%) and recurrence (BG = 26.7% vs. CG = 60%) of diarrhea than the CG. In addition, the BG had abnormal feces for a shorter period (BG = 4.64 +/- 0.47 d vs. CG = 8.6 +/- 0.65 d). The ADG tended to be higher in BG than CG up to 30 and 60 d. Metabolic evaluations showed the lowest levels of glucose and highest levels of nonesterified fatty acids in BG. On d 30 of life, rumen papillae length, papilla area, duodenum villus length, and crypt depth were higher in BG than in CG. The duodenal gene expression at 30 d showed that animals with diarrhea episodes that did not receive butyrate had the highest levels of transcripts for the LCT and GLP2 genes. In addition, in different ways, both butyrate and neonatal diarrhea affected the gene expression of IGF1, SLC5A1, and AQP3. These results allow us to conclude that continuous supplementation with sodium butyrate improves gastrointestinal development, reduces the occurrence of diarrhea, and makes clinical conditions milder with faster recovery, favoring a higher ADG in the first 30 and 60 d of life. Based on these results, we conclude that sodium butyrate can be indicated for liquid diet supplementation to accelerate gastrointestinal tract development and prevent severe cases of neonatal diarrhea, tending to improve average daily gain until weaning. Copyright © 2023, The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. and Fass Inc. on behalf of the American Dairy Science Association R. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
Types and Amounts of Complementary Foods and Beverages and Growth, Size, and Body Composition: A Systematic Review; BACKGROUND: The goal of this systematic review was to examine the following question: What is the relationship between types and amounts of complementary foods and beverages (CFB) consumed and growth, size, and body composition? Systematic reviews were conducted as part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture and Department of Health and Human Services Pregnancy and Birth to 24 Months Project. Complementary feeding is the process that starts when human milk or infant formula is complemented by other foods and beverages, beginning during infancy and typically continuing to 24 months of age. CFB were defined as foods and/or beverages other than human milk or infant formula (liquids, semisolids, and solids) provided to an infant or young child to provide nutrients and energy., CONCLUSION STATEMENT: Moderate evidence indicates that higher versus lower meat intake or meat versus iron-fortified cereal intake over a short duration (~3mo) during the complementary feeding period does not favorably or unfavorably influence growth, size, and/or body composition. There is insufficient evidence to determine a relationship between meat intake and prevalence/incidence of overweight or obesity. Limited evidence suggests that type or amount of cereal given does not favorably or unfavorably influence growth, size, body composition, and/or prevalence/incidence of overweight or obesity. Moderate evidence suggests that consumption of complementary foods with different fats and/or fatty acid composition does not favorably or unfavorably influence growth, size, or body composition. There is not enough evidence to determine a relationship between consumption of complementary foods with different fats and/or fatty acid composition and/or prevalence/incidence of overweight or obesity. Limited evidence suggests that sugar sweetened beverage consumption during the complementary feeding period is associated with increased risk of obesity in childhood, but is not associated with other measures of growth, size, and body composition. Limited evidence showed a positive association between juice intake and infant weight-for-length and child BMI z-scores. No conclusion could be made about the relationship between other complementary foods (vegetables, fruit, dairy products and/or cow's milk, cereal-based products, milk-cereal drink, and/or categories such as "ready-made foods") and growth, size, body composition, and/or prevalence/incidence of overweight or obesity. No conclusion could be made about the relationship between distinct dietary patterns during the complementary feeding period and growth, size, body composition, and/or prevalence/incidence of malnutrition, overweight or obesity. Grades: Moderate - Meat; Different Fats and/or Fatty Acid Composition; Limited - Juice; Sugar-Sweetened Beverages; Grade Not Assignable - Cereal; Other CFB; Dietary Patterns., METHODS: This systematic review was conducted by a team of staff from the Nutrition Evidence Systematic Review in collaboration with a Technical Expert Collaborative. Literature search was conducted using 4 databases (PubMed, Cochrane, Embase, and CINAHL) to identify articles that evaluated the intervention or exposure of types and amounts of CFB consumed and the outcomes of growth, size, and/or body composition. A manual search was conducted to identify articles that may not have been included in the electronic databases searched. Articles were screened by two analysts independently for inclusion based on pre-determined criteria. Data extraction and risk of bias assessment were conducted for each included study, and both were checked for accuracy. The body of evidence was qualitatively synthesized to inform development of a conclusion statement(s), and the strength of evidence was graded using pre-established criteria evaluating the body of evidence on risk of bias, adequacy, consistency, impact, and generalizability., SUMMARY OF THE EVIDENCE: This review includes 49 articles from 18 randomized controlled trials, 1 non-randomized controlled trial, and 30 prospective cohort studies. The studies varied in terms of the types and/or amounts of CFB examined, which included dietary patterns consumed during the complementary feeding period, meat, cereal, foods with different fatty acid composition, sugar-sweetened beverages, juice or 100% juice, and other CFB. Gaps and limitations in the evidence include the need for randomized controlled trials and studies that examine a wider range of specific types and amounts complementary foods and beverages, account for the rationale for type/amount of complementary foods and beverages given (e.g., reverse causality), and adjust for potential confounders (e.g., human milk and/or formula-feeding and baseline growth status).
Shorter Versus Longer Durations of Exclusive Human Milk Feeding and Diabetes Outcomes in Offspring: A Systematic Review; BACKGROUND: This systematic review was conducted as part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture and Department of Health and Human Services Pregnancy and Birth to 24 Months Project. The goal of this systematic review was to examine the following question: What is the relationship between shorter versus longer durations of exclusive human milk feeding and diabetes outcomes in offspring? This systematic review examines comparisons of infants who were fed human milk exclusively for shorter durations with infants who were fed human milk exclusively for longer durations. Exclusive human milk feeding was defined as feeding human milk alone and not in combination with infant formula and/or complementary foods or beverages such as cow's milk. This definition is inclusive of the World Health Organization definitions of exclusive and predominant breastfeeding, which permit limited quantities of (a) drops or syrups containing vitamins, minerals, or medicines, (b) water and water-based drinks such as sweetened water and teas, (c) fruit juice, (d) oral rehydration salts solution, and (e) ritual fluids. Human milk was defined as mother's own milk provided at the breast (i.e., nursing) or expressed and fed fresh or after refrigeration or freezing. Donor milk (e.g., banked milk) was not examined in this review. This systematic review examines available evidence related to diabetes outcomes in offspring, including fasting glucose, HbA1C, glucose tolerance/insulin resistance, and the incidence and prevalence of prediabetes, type 1 diabetes, and type 2 diabetes., CONCLUSION STATEMENT AND GRADE: Limited evidence from observational studies suggests that shorter versus longer durations of exclusive human milk feeding are associated with higher risk of type 1 diabetes. Limited evidence, from a single study that used a strong design, also suggests that the duration of exclusive human milk feeding is not associated with fasting glucose or insulin resistance at 11.5 years of age. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether or not there is a relationship between shorter versus longer durations of exclusive human milk feeding and type 2 diabetes, prediabetes, and HbA1c throughout the lifespan, and fasting glucose and insulin resistance at ages other than 11.5 years. Grade: Limited -fasting glucose and insulin resistance at age 11.5 years, type 1 diabetes; Grade Not Assignable - fasting glucose and insulin resistance at ages other than 11.5 years, type 2 diabetes, prediabetes, HbA1C., METHODS: The systematic review was conducted by a team of staff from the Nutrition Evidence Systematic Review in collaboration with a Technical Expert Collaborative. A single literature search was conducted to identify literature for several related systematic reviews that examined infant milk-feeding practices and different outcomes. The search was conducted in CINAHL, Cochrane, Embase, and PubMed, and used a search date range of January 1980 to March 2016. A manual search was done to identify articles that may not have been included in the electronic databases searched. Articles were screened independently by 2 NESR analysts to determine which articles met predetermined criteria for inclusion. Data from each included article were extracted, risks of bias were assessed, and both were checked for accuracy. The body of evidence was qualitatively synthesized, a conclusion statement was developed, and the strength of the evidence (grade) was assessed using pre-established criteria including evaluation of the internal validity/risk of bias, adequacy, consistency, impact, and generalizability of available evidence., SUMMARY OF EVIDENCE: Eighteen articles met the inclusion criteria for this systematic review, including 17 with evidence about type 1 diabetes, and 1 with evidence about fasting glucose and insulin resistance. Evidence about the association between shorter versus longer durations of exclusive human milk feeding and higher risk of type 1 diabetes was limited. Seven studies found significant associations, all of which were inverse associations between the duration of exclusive human milk feeding and type 1 diabetes risk. However, some of the studies most likely to have sufficient statistical power found nonsignificant associations. The ability to draw stronger conclusions was primarily limited by this inconsistency, insufficient sample sizes for some of the studies, concerns about internal validity such as the potential for confounding, and the retrospective collection of exposure data, which increases the risk of misclassification of the exposure. Evidence about the lack of an association between the duration of exclusive human milk feeding and fasting glucose and insulin resistance at 11.5 years of age was also limited. One cluster randomized controlled trial provided strong evidence. The ability to draw stronger conclusions was limited by only having 1 study and because the study was not conducted in the United States where metabolic risk may be higher. There was no evidence related to type 2 diabetes, prediabetes, and HbA1C, or about fasting glucose and insulin resistance outside of age 11.5 years.
Shorter Versus Longer Durations of Any Human Milk Feeding and Diabetes Outcomes in Offspring: A Systematic Review; BACKGROUND: This systematic review was conducted as part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture and Department of Health and Human Services Pregnancy and Birth to 24 Months Project. The goal of this systematic review was to examine the following question: What is the relationship between shorter versus longer durations of any human milk feeding and diabetes outcomes in offspring? This systematic review examines comparisons of infants who were fed human milk for shorter durations with infants who were fed human milk for longer durations. Human milk feeding was defined as feeding human milk alone or in combination with infant formula and/or complementary foods or beverages such as cow's milk. Human milk was defined as mother's own milk provided at the breast (i.e., nursing) or expressed and fed fresh or after refrigeration or freezing. Donor milk (e.g., banked milk) was not examined in this review. This systematic review examines available evidence related to diabetes outcomes in offspring, including fasting glucose, HbA1C, glucose tolerance/insulin resistance, and the incidence and prevalence of prediabetes, type 1 diabetes, and type 2 diabetes., CONCLUSION STATEMENT AND GRADE: Moderate evidence from observational studies suggests that, among infants fed some amount of human milk, shorter versus longer durations of any human milk feeding are associated with higher risk of type 1 diabetes. Limited but consistent evidence suggests that the duration of any human milk feeding is not associated with fasting glucose or insulin resistance in childhood or during the transition from childhood into adolescence. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether or not there is a relationship between shorter versus longer durations of any human milk feeding and type 2 diabetes, prediabetes, or HbA1C throughout the lifespan, and fasting glucose and insulin resistance in adulthood. Grade: Moderate - type 1 diabetes; Limited - fasting glucose and insulin resistance in childhood and the transition into adolescence; Grade Not Assignable - fasting glucose and insulin resistance in adulthood, type 2 diabetes, prediabetes, HbA1C., METHODS: The systematic review was conducted by a team of staff from the Nutrition Evidence Systematic Review in collaboration with a Technical Expert Collaborative. A single literature search was conducted to identify literature for several related systematic reviews that examined infant milk-feeding practices and different outcomes. The search was conducted in CINAHL, Cochrane, Embase, and PubMed, and used a search date range of January 1980 to March 2016. A manual search was done to identify articles that may not have been included in the electronic databases searched. Articles were screened independently by 2 NESR analysts to determine which articles met predetermined criteria for inclusion. Data from each included article were extracted, risks of bias were assessed, and both were checked for accuracy. The body of evidence was qualitatively synthesized, a conclusion statement was developed, and the strength of the evidence (grade) was assessed using pre-established criteria including evaluation of the internal validity/risk of bias, adequacy, consistency, impact, and generalizability of available evidence., SUMMARY OF EVIDENCE: Thirty-seven articles met the inclusion criteria for this systematic review, including 30 with evidence about type 1 diabetes, 1 with evidence about type 2 diabetes, and 6 with evidence about intermediate diabetes outcomes (fasting glucose and insulin resistance). Evidence about the association between shorter versus longer durations of any human milk feeding and higher risk of type 1 diabetes was moderate. Across 22 independent observational studies (30 articles), 12 reported significant associations. With the exception of 1 study that had limited external validity, the significant associations between the duration of any human milk feeding and type 1 diabetes risk were inverse associations. The ability to draw stronger conclusions was primarily limited by insufficient sample sizes, concerns about internal validity such as the potential for confounding, and the retrospective collection of exposure data, which increases the risk of misclassification of the exposure. Evidence about the lack of an association between the duration of any human milk feeding and fasting glucose and insulin resistance during childhood and the transition into adolescence was limited. One cluster randomized controlled trial and 3 prospective cohort studies provided consistent evidence. The ability to draw stronger conclusions was primarily limited by the small number of studies and the limited evidence from the United States (where metabolic risk may be higher). Evidence related to type 2 diabetes, prediabetes, and HbA1C, and about fasting glucose and insulin resistance beyond early adolescence was scant.
Endotext; The role of lipids and lipoproteins as causal factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) is well established. Dietary saturated fatty acids (SFA), which are in milk, butter, cheese, beef, lamb, pork, poultry, palm oil, and coconut oil increase LDL-C and HDL-C. The increase in LDL-C is due to a decrease in hepatic LDL clearance and an increase in LDL production secondary to a decrease in hepatic LDL receptors. Monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) are in olive, canola, peanut, safflower, and sesame oil, and avocados, peanut butter, and many nuts and seeds and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) are in soybean, corn, and sunflower oil, and some nuts and seeds, tofu, and soybeans. Both MUFA and PUFA lower LDL-C by increasing hepatic LDL receptor activity. Dietary cholesterol is found in egg yolks, shrimp, beef, pork, poultry, cheese, and butter and increase LDL-C but the effect is modest and varies with approximately 15-25% of individuals being hyper-responders with more robust increases. Dietary cholesterol reduces hepatic LDL receptor activity, decreasing the clearance and increasing the production of LDL. Trans fatty acids (TFA) occur naturally in meat and dairy products and are formed during the partial hydrogenation of vegetable fat. TFA increase LDL-C and decrease HDL-C. Carbohydrates (CHO) can be divided into high-quality, for example fruits, legumes, vegetables, and whole grains, or low-quality, which include refined grains, starches, and added sugars. CHO increase TG with low quality CHO, particularly added sugars, having a more robust effect. Dietary CHO, particularly fructose, promotes hepatic de novo fatty acid synthesis leading to increased VLDL secretion. Fiber is found mostly in fruits, vegetables, whole and unrefined grains, nuts, seeds, beans, and legumes and phytosterols are naturally occurring constituents of plants and are found in vegetable oils, cereals, nuts, fruit and vegetables. Both dietary fiber and phytosterols decrease LDL-C by decreasing intestinal cholesterol absorption. With regards to CVD there are very few well conducted randomized controlled trials and most of the information is derived from observational studies that demonstrate associations. These observational studies have found that fruits, vegetables, beans/legumes, nuts/seeds, whole grains, fish, yogurt, fiber, seafood omega-3 fatty acids, and polyunsaturated fats were associated with a decreased risk of CVD while unprocessed red meats, processed meats, sugar-sweetened beverages, high glycemic load CHO, and trans-fats were associated with an increased risk of CVD. Randomized trials have shown that a Mediterranean diet reduces CVD. Based on this information current guidelines for the general population recommend 1. A diet emphasizing intake of vegetables, fruits, legumes, nuts, whole grains, and fish 2. Replacement of SFA with MUFA and PUFA 3. A reduced amount of dietary cholesterol 4. Minimizing intake of processed meats, refined CHO, and sweetened beverages and 5. Avoidance of TFA. For individuals with a high LDL-C limiting dietary SFA, TFA, and cholesterol and increasing fiber and phytosterols will help lower LDL-C while in individuals with high TG limiting low quality CHO, particularly simple sugars, and ethanol with weight loss, if indicated, will help lower TG. For complete coverage of all related areas of Endocrinology, please visit our on-line FREE web-text, WWW.ENDOTEXT.ORG. Copyright © 2000-2024, MDText.com, Inc.
[Study of the effects of dietary patterns on glycemic control in community type 2 diabetic mellitus patients].; Objective: To understand the impact of diet on glycemic control in community-managed patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and provide evidence for implementing prevention strategies and measures for diabetes patients. Methods: Eight communities were randomly selected from Changshu and Wuhan in 2015, and T2DM patients managed in the community were selected to conduct questionnaire surveys, physical measurements, and blood glucose testing. Factor analysis was used to obtain dietary patterns. A binary logistic regression model was used to analyze the factors affecting glycemic control. Results: Finally, 1 818 T2DM patients were included, and the control rate of FPG was 57.59% (95%CI: 55.30%-59.86%), and the control rate of 2 h postprandial blood glucose (2 h PBG) was 24.90% (95%CI: 22.93%- 26.91%). Five dietary patterns were obtained by factor analysis: animal food pattern, fruit-aquatic products-potato patterns, vegetable-grain pattern, egg-milk-bean pattern, and oil-salt patterns. No-conditional multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that after adjusting for confounding factors, the reduced probability of FPG control was related to animal food pattern (OR=0.71, 95%CI: 0.52-0.98) and fruit-aquatic products-potato patterns (OR=0.71, 95%CI: 0.51-0.97). The decrease in the 2 h PBG control probability was related to fruit-aquatic products-potato patterns (OR=0.60, 95%CI: 0.40-0.90). The increased probability of FPG and 2 h postprandial glucose control were both related to vegetable-grain pattern (OR=1.41, 95%CI: 1.03-1.94; OR=1.68, 95%CI: 1.13-2.51) and egg-milk-bean pattern (OR=1.75, 95%CI: 1.25-2.46; OR=1.56, 95%CI: 1.00-2.42). Compared with the Q4 group of egg-milk-bean pattern, the FPG control rate of the combination of "fruit-aquatic products-potato pattern (Q4 group), vegetable-grain pattern (Q2 group), egg-milk-bean pattern (Q3 group)" was higher (OR=6.79, 95%CI: 1.15-40.23, P=0.035). Compared with the Q4 group of vegetable-grain pattern, the combination of "fruit-aquatic products-potato pattern (Q4 group), vegetable-grain pattern (Q3 group), egg-milk-bean pattern (Q2 group), oil-salt pattern (Q2 group)" had higher control rate of 2 h PBG (OR=12.78, 95%CI: 1.26-130.05, P=0.031). Conclusions: A proper combination of dietary patterns and dietary patterns are more conducive to the control of FPG and 2 h PBG in T2DM patients managed in the communities of Wuhan and Changshu. Patient nutrition education should be strengthened, and the food-matching ability of patients should be improved.
Microbiota, metabolic profiles and immune biomarkers in infants receiving formula with added bovine milk fat globule membrane: a randomized, controlled trial.; Introduction: Few studies have evaluated the effects of milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) on microbiota and immune markers in early infant nutrition., Methods: In this double-blind randomized study, infants (7-18 days of age) received either bovine milk-based infant formula (Control) or similar formula with an added source (5 g/L) of bovine MFGM (INV-MFGM) for 60 days. A reference group received mother's own human milk over the same period (HM). Oral and stool samples were collected (Baseline and Day 60) to evaluate microbiota, immune markers, and metabolites., Results: At Day 60, stool bacterial diversity and richness were higher in formula groups vs HM, as were Bifidobacterium bifidum and B. catenulatum abundance. Compared to HM, stool pH was higher in Control, while acetate, propionate, isovalerate, and total short- and branched-chain fatty acids were higher in INV-MFGM. Butyrate and lactate increased for INV-MFGM from baseline to Day 60. No group differences in oral microbiota or immune markers (alpha- and beta-defensin, calprotectin, or sIgA) were detected, although sIgA increased over time in all study groups. Added bovine MFGM in infant formula modulated stool microbiota and short- and branched-chain fatty acids compared to human milk; changes were modest relative to control formula., Discussion: Overall, distinct patterns of stool metabolites and microbiota development were observed based on early nutrition., Clinical trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, identifier NCT04059666. Copyright © 2024 Christensen, Kok, Harris, Moore, Wampler, Zhuang, Wu, Hutkins, Izard and Auchtung.
Safety and adherence to self-administered intravaginal 5-fluorouracil cream following cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN) 2/3 treatment among HIV-positive women in Kenya: A phase 1 clinical trial.; Objective: To determine the safety, tolerance, and adherence to self-administered intravaginal 5% fluorouracil (5FU) cream as adjuvant therapy following cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 2 or 3 (CIN2/3) treatment among women living with HIV (WLWH) in Kenya., Methods: A Phase I Pilot trial was performed among 12 WLWH in Kenya, aged 18-49 years between March 2023-February 2024 (ClinicalTrial.gov NCT05362955). Participants self-administered 2g of 5FU intravaginally every other week for eight applications. Safety was assessed using a standardized grading scale, and adherence was evaluated using self-report, inspection of used applicators, and weighing of the study drug., Results: The mean age and CD4 count were 43.9 years and 781 cells/mm3, respectively. Seven (58%) had an 8th-grade education or less. All 12 reported at least one grade I adverse event (AE), 1 (8%) reported a grade 2 AE, no grade 3 or 4 AEs were reported. Increased vaginal discharge (n=9, 75%) and irritation (n=5, 42%), with a mean duration of 3.2 and 2.8 days, respectively, were the most commonly reported AEs. Provider-observed AEs included grade 1 cervical erythema and superficial abrasions. All participants tolerated all eight 5FU doses, and 96% adherence was demonstrated., Conclusion: Self-administered 5FU following CIN2/3 treatment among WLWH in Kisumu, Kenya, was safe, tolerable, and associated with high adherence. Randomized trials are needed to investigate whether adjuvant 5FU can improve treatment outcomes or serve as primary cervical precancer treatment in sub-Saharan Africa. A self-administered therapy may be transformative in increasing access to treatment and, hence, secondary prevention of cervical cancer.
Effects of antioxidant-rich Lactiplantibacillus plantarum inoculated alfalfa silage on rumen fermentation, antioxidant and immunity status, and mammary gland gene expression in dairy goats.; BACKGROUND: Milk synthesis in lactating animals demands high energy metabolism, which results in an increased production of reactive oxygen metabolites (ROM) causing an imbalance between oxidants and antioxidants thereby inducing oxidative stress (OS) on the animals. To mitigate OS and postpartum disorders in dairy goats and gain insight into the impact of dietary choices on redox status during lactation, a feeding trial was conducted using alfalfa silage inoculated with a high-antioxidant strain of Lactiplantibacillus plantarum., METHODS: Twenty-four Guanzhong dairy goats (38.1 +/- 1.20 kg) were randomly assigned to two dietary treatments: one containing silage inoculated with L. plantarum MTD/1 (RSMTD-1), and the other containing silage inoculated with high antioxidant activity L. plantarum 24-7 (ES24-7)., RESULTS: ES24-7-inoculated silage exhibited better fermentation quality and antioxidant activity compared to RSMTD-1. The ES24-7 diet elevated the total antioxidant capacity (T-AOC), superoxide dismutase (SOD), glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px), and catalase (CAT) activities in milk, serum, and feces of lactating goats (with the exception of T-AOC in milk). Additionally, the diet containing ES24-7 inoculated silage enhanced casein yield, milk free fatty acid (FFA) content, and vitamin A level in the goats' milk. Furthermore, an increase of immunoglobulin (Ig)A, IgG, IgM, interleukin (IL)-4, and IL-10 concentrations were observed, coupled with a reduction in IL-1beta, IL-2, IL-6, interferon (IFN)-gamma, and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha concentrations in the serum of lactating goats fed ES24-7. Higher concentrations of total volatile fatty acid (VFA), acetate, and propionate were observed in the rumen fluid of dairy goats fed ES24-7 inoculated silage. Moreover, the diet containing ES24-7 inoculated silage significantly upregulated the expression of nuclear factor erythroid 2 like 2 (NFE2L2), beta-carotene oxygenase 1 (BCO1), SOD1, SOD2, SOD3, GPX2, CAT, glutathione-disulfide reductase (GSR), and heme oxygenase 1 (HMOX1) genes in the mammary gland, while decreased the levels of NADPH oxidase 4 (NOX4), TNF, and interferon gamma (IFNG)., CONCLUSIONS: These findings indicated that feeding L. plantarum 24-7 inoculated alfalfa silage not only improved rumen fermentation and milk quality in lactating dairy goats but also boosted their immunity and antioxidant status by modulating the expression of several genes related to antioxidant and inflammation in the mammary gland. Copyright © 2024. The Author(s).
Bovine Respiratory Disease (BRD) in Post-Weaning Calves with Different Prevention Strategies and the Impact on Performance and Health Status.; Our study aimed to compare Bovine Respiratory Disease (BRD) morbidity, mortality, and growth in dairy and dairy beef cross-bred calves during the commingle period, 81-120 days of age, using two different BRD prevention strategies. The calves (n = 1799) were randomly assigned into groups: (1) Control (CON; received no vaccine or metaphylaxis); (2) Tulathromycin metaphylaxis (TUL; IncrexxaTM, Elanco Animal Health Inc., Greenfield, IN, USA); and (3) Mannheimia haemolytica vaccine (VACC; Nuplura R PH, Elanco Animal Health Inc., Greenfield, IN, USA). Calves were individually weighed three times during the study to estimate average daily gain (ADG). Deep nasopharyngeal swabs, thoracic ultrasonography, health scores, and treatment records were collected during the study. Ultrasound and health score results were not different across treatments. In this study, the TUL group had a lower cumulative BRD incidence than CON. The cumulative incidence and 95% CI of BRD during the commingle period, 81-120 days of age for CON, TUL, and VACC were 0.43 (0.38 to 0.47), 0.36 (0.38 to 0.40), and 0.39 (0.35 to 0.43), respectively. The ADG for CON, TUL, and VACC were 0.25 +/- 0.15, 0.32 +/- 0.15, and 0.17 +/- 0.15 kg, respectively. There was no difference among the treatment groups for ADG. Management and environmental conditions were variable at this operation throughout the study period and likely impacted the calves. Earlier interventions may be needed when the BRD incidence is elevated in high-risk calves.
Xiaoyin-anshen formula alleviates psoriasis complicated by sleep disturbances by regulating melatonin, antioxidant enzymes, and pro-inflammatory cytokines in mice.; Background: Psoriasis is a common autoimmune and chronic inflammatory dermatological disease that is mainly associated with aberrant immune response and oxidative stress (OS). OS, a crucial pathogenic factor in psoriasis, contributes to psoriasis-like inflammation mediated by the IL-23/IL-17 inflammatory axis. Sleep disturbances (SDs), highly prevalent in patients with psoriasis, exacerbate the condition by disrupting circadian rhythms and reducing melatonin levels, thus promoting OS and inflammation. Xiaoyin-Anshen formula (XYAS), a traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) formula, is composed of the Liangxue-Jiedu (LXJD) and Qingxin-Anshen (QXAS) TCM compounds and has been demonstrated to be effective in treating psoriasis complicated by SDs. However, its exact pharmacological mechanism remains uncertain. Thus, this study used animal experiments to verify whether XYAS can exert therapeutic effects on the disease by regulating melatonin (MLT) levels, protecting against OS, and inhibiting psoriasis-like skin inflammation., Methods: A mouse model for psoriasis combined with SDs was established by smearing 62.5 mg of 5% imiquimod (IMQ) cream for seven consecutive days, along with a daily injection of p-chlorophenyl alanine (PCPA) solution at a dosage of 300 mg/kg at days 6-7. The IMQ cream was continued to be used for maintaining the model at days 8-14. Mice were randomly divided into groups: control, model, MLT, XYAS, LXJD, QXAS. Each group was treated according to its designation at days 8-14, receiving either an oral gavage of XYAS/LXJD/QXAS solution at a dosage of 2 mL/100 g per day, or a daily injection of MLT solution at a concentration of 0.25 mg/mL, with a dosage of 5 mg/kg. Immunohistological analysis, pentobarbital-induced sleep test, Western blotting, and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) were performed to assess and compare pathological features, sleep conditions, localization and/or levels of manganese-dependent superoxide dismutase (mnSOD), mitochondrial cytochrome c (Cyt-C), MLT, retinoid-related orphan nuclear receptor-alpha (RORalpha), and pro-inflammatory cytokines interleukin (IL)-6, IL-17A, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) among groups., Results: MLT, XYAS, LXJD, and QXAS exhibited varying therapeutic effects on RORalpha regulation, OS inhibition, mitochondrial protection, and anti-inflammation. Compared to the model, the lesion severity/thickness and serum IL-6, IL-17A, and TNF-alpha levels were gradually reduced in the MLT, QXAS, LXJD, and XYAS. However, no statistical difference in TNF-alpha levels was identified between the MLT and the model groups. Additionally, skin MLT levels gradually increased in the MLT, QXAS, and XYAS groups, while RORalpha levels gradually increased in the MLT, QXAS, LXJD, and XYAS groups. All treatments increased mnSOD levels and reduced Cyt-C levels in skin lesions, with XYAS showing the most significant changes., Conclusion: XYAS may treat psoriasis complicated by SDs through two main mechanisms: (1) Improving melatonin-RORalpha axis in the skin can lead to an increase in mnSOD and a reduction in Cyt-C levels, which provide protection against oxidative stress, mitochondrial damage, and psoriatic inflammation. (2) Reducing IL-6, IL-17A, and TNF-alpha production to suppress IL-23/Th17 pro-inflammatory signaling axis and epidermal hyperplasia in psoriasis. Copyright © 2024 Zhu, Yin and Duan.
Randomised controlled trial of exercise training during lactation on breast milk composition in breastfeeding people with overweight/obesity: a study protocol for the MILKSHAKE trial.; Breast milk from people with overweight/obesity may differ in composition compared with that from normal-weight people. Exercise training can modify breast milk composition in rodent models, with a beneficial impact demonstrated on the offspring's metabolism, but whether these findings translate to humans is unclear. This trial aims to determine the effect of an exercise intervention on breast milk composition and whether an exercise-induced modification of breast milk impacts the infants' growth and body composition. Effect of Exercise Training on Breastmilk Composition is a randomised, controlled trial with two parallel groups, one exercise group and one control group, with a 1:1 allocation. We will include a minimum of 62 exclusively breastfeeding participants, 6 weeks postpartum. The exercise intervention lasts 8 weeks and comprises 25 supervised endurance exercise sessions with moderate or high intensity. The primary outcome measure is the change in the relative concentration of the human milk oligosaccharide 3'sialyllactose in breast milk from baseline at 6 weeks postpartum to the end of the intervention period. Secondary outcomes include breast milk concentrations of other metabolites, cytokines, hormones and microRNA, maternal health outcomes, infant growth, infant gut microbiome and infant circulating microRNA. Maternal and infant outcomes will be measured before, during and after the intervention period, with a follow-up of the infants until they are 24 months old. Trial registration number NCT05488964. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2023. Re-use permitted under CC BY. Published by BMJ.
Supplementing maternal diet with milk oligosaccharides and probiotics helps develop the immune system and intestinal flora of offsprings.; Intestinal flora is very important for improving the development of the immune system in newborns. Maternal diet during pregnancy and lactation is one of the key factors affecting the growth and development of offspring. The objective of the present study was to examine whether supplementation of maternal diet with milk oligosaccharides and Bifidobacterium could influence the development of the intestinal flora and immune system of neonatal mice. In total, 30 pregnant Institute of Cancer Research (ICR) mice were randomly divided into six groups: a control group (basal diet) and five intervention groups (basal diet supplemented with different doses of 2'-fucosyllactose [2'-FL] and Bifidobacterium Bb12) during the pregnancy period. All female mice were monitored for physical health during gavage. After delivery, the number of mice in each litter, any deformity, and the development of the offspring were recorded. The spleen, blood, and fecal samples of six groups of 10-12 day-old offspring were collected. The results demonstrated that maternal milk oligosaccharides and probiotics conferred protective effects against lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced immunosuppression in mice offspring by significantly enhancing the immune organ indexes, splenocyte proliferation, immunoglobulin (immunoglobulin G, A, M) production as well as improving the macrophage phagocytosis (p < .05). The abundance of Lactobacilli and Bifidobacteria in the feces of offspring mice in the intervention groups was significantly higher than that of the offspring mice in the control group (p < .05). These findings suggest that the combination of 2'-FL and Bifidobacterium Bb12 displayed synergistic interactions between the two components that could promote the development of the immune system of the offsprings and improve their microbiota through maternal ingestion. Copyright © 2023 The Authors. Food Science & Nutrition published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Keratin-based topical cream for radiation dermatitis during head and neck radiotherapy: a randomised, open-label pilot study.; Introduction: Radiation dermatitis (RD) is a frequent toxicity during radiotherapy (RT) for head and neck cancer (HNC). We report the first use of KeraStat R Cream (KC), a topical, keratin-based wound dressing, in patients with HNC receiving RT., Methods: This pilot study randomized HNC patients treated with definitive or postoperative RT (>=60 Gy) to KC or standard of care (SOC), applied at least twice daily during and for 1-month after RT. Outcomes of interest included adherence to the assigned regimen (at least 10 applications per week of treatment), clinician- and patient-reported RD, and skin-related quality of life., Results: 24 patients were randomized and completed the study. Most patients had stage III-IV disease and oropharynx cancer. Median RT dose was 68 Gy; the bilateral neck was treated in 19 patients, and 18 patients received concurrent chemotherapy. Complete adherence was observed in 7/12 (SOC) vs. 10/12 (KC, p = 0.65). Adherence by patient-week was 61/68 versus 64/67, respectively (p = 0.20). No differences in RD were observed between groups., Conclusion: A randomized trial of KC versus SOC in HNC patients treated with RT is feasible with good adherence to study agent. An adequately powered randomized study is warranted to test the efficacy of KC in reducing RD.
Treatment effects of two pharmaceutical skin care creams for xerotic feet among persons with diabetes: Rationale and design of a two-armed double blind randomized controlled trial.; Introduction: To minimize the risk of developing foot-ulcers, persons with diabetes are given the advice to daily inspect their feet and to apply skincare formulations. However, commercially available skincare products have rarely been developed and evaluated for diabetes foot care specifically. The primary aim of this randomized controlled trial (RCT) is to evaluate the effects in reducing foot xerosis in persons with diabetes without foot-ulcers using two skincare creams containing different humectants (interventions) against a cream base non-humectant (comparator). Secondary outcomes are to evaluate differences on skin barrier integrity, low-molecular weight biomarkers and skin microbiota, microcirculation including transcutaneous oxygen pressure, degree of neuropathy, and HbA1c between intervention-comparator creams., Methods: Two-armed double-blind RCT, registered in ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT06427889. With 80 % power, two-tailed significance of 2.5 % in each arm, 39 study persons is needed in each arm, total 78 persons, 98 including dropouts, to be able to prove a reduction of at least one category in the Xerosis Severity Scale with the intervention creams compared to the comparator. In one arm, each participant will treat one foot with one of the intervention creams (Oviderm R or Canoderm R), while the opposite foot will be treated with the comparator cream (Decubal Rlipid cream), twice a day. If needed, participants are enrolled after a wash-out period of two weeks. The participants will undergo examinations at baseline, day 14 and day 28., Discussion: This RCT evaluate the potential effects of humectants in skin creams against foot xerosis in persons with diabetes. Copyright © 2024 The Authors.
Effect of Exogenous Melatonin on Performance and Mastitis in Dairy Cows.; Mastitis is an important factor affecting the health of cows that leads to elevated somatic cell counts in milk, which can seriously affect milk quality and result in huge economic losses for the livestock industry. Therefore, the aim of this trial was to investigate the effect of melatonin on performance and mastitis in dairy cows. Forty-eight Holstein cows with a similar body weight (470 +/- 10 kg), parity (2.75 +/- 1.23), number of lactation days (143 +/- 43 days), BCS (3.0-3.5), milk yield (36.80 +/- 4.18 kg), and somatic cell count (300,000-500,000 cells/mL) were selected and randomly divided into four groups: control (CON group), trial I (T80 group), trial II (T120 group), and trial III (T160 group). Twelve cows in trial groups I, II, and III were pre-dispensed 80, 120, and 160 mg of melatonin in edible glutinous rice capsules along with the basal ration, respectively, while the control group was fed an empty glutinous rice capsule along with the ration. The trial period was 37 days, which included a 7-day adaptive phase followed by a 30-day experimental period. At the end of the trial period, feeding was ended and the cows were observed for 7 days. Milk samples were collected on days 0, 7, 14, 21, 28, and 37 to determine the somatic cell number and milk composition. Blood samples were collected on days 0, 15, 30, and 37 of the trial to determine the serum biochemical indicators, antioxidant and immune indicators, and the amount of melatonin in the blood. The results showed that the somatic cell counts of lactating cows in the CON group were lower than those in the T120 group on days 14 (p < 0.05) and 28 (p < 0.01) at 1 week after melatonin cessation. The milk protein percentage and milk fat percentage of cows in the T120 group were higher than those in the CON group (p < 0.01). The total protein and globulin content in the T120 group were higher than those in the CON group (p < 0.01). In terms of antioxidant capacity and immunity, the cows 1 week after melatonin cessation showed higher superoxide dismutase activity and interleukin-10 contents (p < 0.01) compared with the CON group and lower malondialdehyde and tumor necrosis factor-alpha contents (p < 0.01) compared with the T120 group. The melatonin content in the T120 group was increased relative to that in the other groups. In conclusion, exogenous melatonin can increase the content of milk components, reduce the somatic cell count, and improve the antioxidant capacity and immune responses to a certain extent. Under the experimental conditions, 120 mg/day melatonin is recommended for mid- to late-lactation cows.
Efficacy of Carbonate Buffer Mixture in Preventing Hoof Lamella Injury Associated with Subacute Ruminal Acidosis in Dairy Goats.; Subacute ruminal acidosis (SARA) is a prevalent metabolic disorder in highly productive dairy cows that results in serious issues, including hoof lamellar injuries. This study aimed to investigate the efficacy of a carbonate buffer mixture (CBM) in preventing hoof lamella injury in dairy goats, a species also susceptible to SARA due to similar feeding practices over a 17-week period. Twenty-four healthy dairy goats were randomly assigned to three groups: control, SARA, and CBM groups. The control group received a standardized diet, whereas the SARA and CBM groups were subjected to a high-grain feeding regimen to induce SARA. The CBM group received a daily supplement of 10 g CBM mixed with their diet. Clinical assessments, including body temperature, rumen pH, inflammatory markers, matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs), and hoof lamellar injuries, were monitored throughout the study. The results showed that the CBM group maintained a more stable rumen pH and had lower levels of inflammatory markers than the SARA group did. The incidence of hoof lamellar injury was slightly lower in the CBM group. These findings suggest that long-term CBM supplementation may mitigate SARA-associated hoof lamella injury in dairy goats by regulating the rumen environment, fostering the growth of healthy bacterial communities, and by reducing the production of harmful metabolites. The use of CBM as a dietary supplement may have significant implications in improving the health, welfare, and productivity of dairy animals.
Twelve weeks of a diet and exercise intervention alters the acute bone response to exercise in adolescent females with overweight/obesity.; Introduction: Exercise and consumption of dairy foods have been shown to improve bone mineralization. However, little is known about the magnitude and timing of their synergistic effects on markers and regulators of bone metabolism in response to acute exercise in adolescent females with obesity, a population susceptible to altered bone metabolism and mineral properties. This study examined the influence of twelve weeks of exercise training and nutritional counselling on the bone biochemical marker response to acute exercise and whether higher dairy consumption could further influence the response. Methods: Thirty adolescent females (14.3 +/- 2.0 years) with overweight/obesity (OW/OB) completed a 12-week lifestyle modification intervention involving exercise training and nutritional counselling. Participants were randomized into two groups: higher dairy intake (RDa; 4 servings/day; n = 14) or low dairy intake (LDa; 0-2 servings/d; n = 16). Participants performed one bout of plyometric exercise (5 circuits; 120 jumps) both pre- and post-intervention. Blood samples were taken at rest, 5 min and 1 h post-exercise. Serum sclerostin, osteocalcin (OC), osteoprotegerin (OPG), receptor activator nuclear factor kappa B ligand (RANKL), and C-terminal telopeptide of type 1 collagen (betaCTX) concentrations were measured. Results: While there was an overall increase in sclerostin pre-intervention from pre to 5 min post-exercise (+11% p = 0.04), this response was significantly decreased post-intervention (-25%, p = 0.03) independent of dairy intake. The OPG:RANKL ratio was unresponsive to acute exercise pre-intervention but increased 1 h post-exercise (+2.6 AU; p < 0.001) post-intervention. Dairy intake did not further influence these absolute responses. However, after the 12-week intervention, the RDa group showed a decrease in the relative RANKL post-exercise response (-21.9%; p < 0.01), leading to a consistent increase in the relative OPG:RANKL ratio response, which was not the case in the LDa group. There was no influence of the intervention or dairy product intake on OC, OPG, or betaCTX responses to acute exercise (p > 0.05). Conclusion:  A lifestyle modification intervention involving exercise training blunts the increase in sclerostin and can augment the increase in OPG:RANKL ratio to acute exercise in adolescent females with OW/OB, while dairy product consumption did not further influence these responses. Copyright © 2023 Kurgan, Skelly, Ludwa, Klentrou and Josse.
Effects of oral white willow bark (Salix alba) and intravenous flunixin meglumine on prostaglandin E2 in healthy dairy calves.; White willow bark (WWB) is commonly used in combination with other medicinal herbs and analgesics to alleviate inflammatory pain in disbudded calves under organic management, but there is no evidence to confirm an effect of WWB on inflammatory biomarkers in calves. The objective of this study was to determine whether WWB affects the inflammatory biomarker prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) in healthy dairy calves. A randomized crossover trial with 2 periods and 5 treatments was used for this experiment. A 7-d washout period was used to minimize carryover effects. The treatments were (1) 57.6 mg/kg oral WWB (low dose; L-WWB), (2) 115.1 mg/kg oral WWB (medium dose; M-WWB), (3) 230.3 mg/kg oral WWB (high dose; H-WWB), (4) 2.2 mg/kg i.v. flunixin meglumine (FM), or (5) no treatment (NT). Calves (n = 25) were randomly assigned to receive 1 of the 25 treatment sequences. Blood samples were collected at 1, 2, and 4 h after administration to determine PGE2 and salicylic acid plasma concentrations. The WWB had 2,171 mug/g (+/- 4.3% relative standard error) salicin (0.22%). On average, calves in the FM (721 +/- 274 pg/mL) treatment had lower PGE2 than calves in all other treatments. Calves in the NT (2,606 +/- 271 pg/mL), L-WWB (2,509 +/- 276 pg/mL), M-WWB (2,343 +/- 270 pg/mL), and H-WWB (3,039 +/- 270 pg/mL) treatments had similar PGE2 averaged across sampling times. Calves in the L-WWB (23.4 +/- 1.9 ng/mL), M-WWB (21.5 +/- 1.9 ng/mL), and H-WWB (23.3 +/- 1.9 ng/mL) treatments had similar maximum salicylic acid plasma concentrations. Results from this study indicate that the WWB doses used in this experiment were ineffective at achieving dose-dependent PGE2 and salicylic acid plasma concentration responses. Copyright © 2021.
Consumption of probiotic yogurt and vitamin D-fortified yogurt increases fasting level of GLP-1 in obese adults undergoing low-calorie diet: A double-blind randomized controlled trial.; Energy restriction and manipulation of macronutrient composition of the diet are the main approaches that are used by people who aim to lose weight. When such strategies are employed, appetite and endocrine regulators of satiety, such as gut peptides, all are deeply affected. The gut microbiota-brain axis controls energy homeostasis in humans by affecting central satiety and gut peptides. The purpose of this study was to evaluate if the synergistic effect of probiotics and vitamin D in yogurt matrix can modulate this effect. In the double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial, 140 obese adults were randomly allocated into four groups: 1) regular yogurt plus low-calorie diet; 2) PY plus low-calorie diet; 3) vitamin D-fortified yogurt plus low-calorie diet, and 4) probiotic and vitamin D co-fortified yogurt plus low-calorie diet. All groups were encouraged to increase their physical activity. Glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1), peptide Tyrosin-Tysrosin (PYY), ghrelin, anthropometric variables, insulin, fasting blood sugar (FBS), insulin resistance/sensitivity, 1,25(OH)2 D3, dietary intake, and physical activity were measured before and after 10 weeks. The difference between groups for GLP-1 after 10 weeks was significant after adjusting for baseline GLP-1 and protein intake as confounders. PY showed the largest effect size (ES) on GLP-1 (p = 14.2) and FBS (p = 14) compared with others. Pairwise comparison of yogurts effect sizes on GLP-1 showed a significant difference in group 1 vs. group 2 (p = .001), group 1 vs. group 3 (p = .003), and group 1 vs. group 4 (p = .048). Vitamin D-fortified yogurt had the largest effect size on the serum level of vitamin D and it showed a significant difference with RY (p = .018) and PY (p = .002). Consumption of vitamin D-fortified yogurt and PY could be regarded as a promising approach during calorie restriction. Copyright © 2022 The Authors. Food Science & Nutrition published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Postbiotics from Saccharomyces cerevisiae fermentation stabilize rumen solids microbiota and promote microbial network interactions and diversity of hub taxa during grain-based subacute ruminal acidosis (SARA) challenges in lactating dairy cows.; Background: High-yielding dairy cows are commonly fed high-grain rations. However, this can cause subacute ruminal acidosis (SARA), a metabolic disorder in dairy cows that is usually accompanied by dysbiosis of the rumen microbiome. Postbiotics that contain functional metabolites provide a competitive niche for influential members of the rumen microbiome, may stabilize and promote their populations, and, therefore, may attenuate the adverse effects of SARA., Methods: This study used a total of 32 rumen-cannulated lactating dairy cows, which were randomly assigned into four treatments: no SCFP (control), 14 g/d Original XPC (SCFPa), 19 g/d NutriTek (SCFPb-1X), and 38 g/d NutriTek (SCFPb-2X) (Diamond V, Cedar Rapids, IA) from 4 weeks before until 12 weeks after parturition. Grain-based SARA challenges were conducted during week 5 (SARA1) and week 8 (SARA2) after parturition by replacing 20% dry matter of the base total mixed ration (TMR) with pellets containing 50% ground barley and 50% ground wheat. The DNA of rumen solids digesta was extracted and subjected to V3-V4 16S rRNA gene sequencing. The characteristics of rumen solids microbiota were compared between non-SARA (Pre-SARA1, week 4; Post-SARA1, week 7; and Post-SARA2, weeks 10 and 12) and SARA stages (SARA1/1, SARA1/2, SARA2/1, SARA2/2), as well as among treatments., Results: Both SARA challenges reduced the richness and diversity of the microbiota and the relative abundances of the phylum Fibrobacteres. Supplementation with SCFP promoted the growth of several fibrolytic bacteria, including Lachnospiraceae UCG-009, Treponema, unclassified Lachnospiraceae, and unclassified Ruminococcaceae during the SARA challenges. These challenges also reduced the positive interactions and the numbers of hub taxa in the microbiota. The SCFPb treatment increased positive interactions among microbial members of the solids digesta and the number of hub taxa during the SARA and non-SARA stages. The SCFPb-2X treatment prevented changes in the network characteristics, including the number of components, clustering coefficient, modularity, positive edge percentage, and edge density of the microbiota during SARA challenges. These challenges reduced predicted carbohydrate and nitrogen metabolism in microbiota, whereas SCFP supplementation attenuated those reductions., Conclusions: Supplementation with SCFP, especially the SCFPb-2X attenuated the adverse effects of grain-based SARA on the diversity and predicted functionality of rumen solids microbiota. Copyright © 2024 Guo, Zhang, Guan, Zhou, Yoon, Khafipour and Plaizier.
Effects of Early Lactation Milking Frequency in an Automated Milking System on Cow Performance.; Automated milking systems (AMS) are increasingly adopted for dairy cow production, promoting individualized cow management dependent on factors like lactation stage, age, and productivity. The study objective was to investigate the effects of early lactation milking frequency on cows milked via AMS. Multiparous Holstein cows blocked by parity and due date were randomly assigned to treatments (n = 8 per treatment): three (3X) or six (6X) milkings per day (MPD). The experimental phase (EXP) was defined as 4 to 29 days in milk (DIM). The AMS settings were programed so 3X cows were limited to three MPD while 6X cows were allowed six MPD. Afterwards was the carry over phase (CO) ranging from 30 to 90 DIM; all cows were allowed up to six MPD. Measurements by the AMS included bodyweight, milk yield (MY), and pellet intake. Weekly composite milk samples were analyzed for macronutrient composition and fatty acid (FA) profile. Coccygeal blood was sampled at 3, 8 +/- 1, and 13 +/- 1 DIM; concentrations of blood plasma analytes were quantified. Greater MPD was achieved for 6X cows versus 3X cows during EXP, but similar during the CO. Daily MY was non-separable during the EXP while 6X cows in their third or greater lactation group (3 + LG) had greater MY than 3X cows of the same LG during the CO. Milk fat content and 4% fat-corrected MY were both greater for 6X, 3 + LG cows during the EXP compared to 3X, 3 + LG cows. Milk FA methyl esters (FAME) proportions were different between MPD groups, with 6X, 3 + LG cows having the lowest short, even-chain FA from de novo or post-absorptive origin. Differences in analytes indicated that 6X, 3 + LG cows experienced metabolic stress and incorporated greater FA from adipose tissue. Greater early lactation MPD in AMS may shift cow nutrient partitioning to support greater production in 3+ parity cows.
Effect of Probiotic Fermented Milk Supplementation on Glucose and Lipid Metabolism Parameters and Inflammatory Markers in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.; Modulating gut microbiota composition through probiotic administration has been proposed as a novel therapy for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and fermented milk is arguably the most common and ideal probiotic carrier. The present meta-analysis was performed to assess the effects of probiotic fermented milk supplementation on glucose and lipid metabolism parameters and inflammatory markers in patients with T2DM using published data from randomized controlled trials (RCTs). The PubMed, Web of Science, and Cochrane Library databases were searched for relevant RCTs. A random-effects model was used to generate the weighted mean difference (WMD) and 95% confidence interval (95% CI). Probiotic fermented milk supplementation reduced the levels of fasting plasma glucose (MD = -17.01, 95% CI -26.43, -7.58 mg/dL; n = 7), hemoglobin A1c (MD = -0.47, 95% CI -0.74, -0.21%; n = 7), total cholesterol (MD = -5.15, 95% CI -9.52, -0.78 mg/dL; n = 7), and C-reactive protein (MD = -0.25, 95% CI -0.43, -0.08; n = 3) but did not significantly affect the levels of HOMA-IR (MD = -0.89, 95% CI -2.55, 0.78; n = 3), triglyceride (MD = -4.69, 95% CI -14.67, 5.30 mg/dL; n = 6), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (MD = -4.25, 95% CI -8.63, 0.13 mg/dL; n = 7), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (MD = 1.20, 95% CI -0.96, 3.36 mg/dL; n = 7), and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (MD: -0.58, 95% CI -1.47, 0.32 pg/mL; n = 2). In summary, the present findings provide a crude indication of the potential benefits of probiotic fermented milk supplementation in improving glucose and lipid metabolism and inflammation in patients with T2DM. However, more robust evidence is needed to determine the clinical significance of probiotic fermented milk in the management of T2DM.
Effectiveness of Enriched Milk with Ashwagandha Extract and Tryptophan for Improving Subjective Sleep Quality in Adults with Sleep Problems: A Randomized Double-Blind Controlled Trial.; A randomized, double-blind and controlled study was conducted to assess the effectiveness of the intake of 250 mL of lactose-free skimmed milk enriched with ashwagandha (Withania somnifera) alone or combined with tryptophan vs. non-enriched milk (control) on the subjective quality of sleep in healthy adults with sleep problems. The duration of supplementation was 90 days. Fifty-two eligible subjects were assigned to the study arms of ashwagandha 250 mg, ashwagandha 250 mg plus tryptophan 175 mg, ashwagandha 600 mg, and control with 13 subjects in each group. It was hypothesized that ashwagandha plus tryptophan could be superior to ashwagandha alone for improving sleep-related variables. Changes in the visual analogue scale (VAS) for sleep quality were significantly higher in the three experimental groups as compared with controls (p = 0.014). Improvements in the subscales of the Pittsburg Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) were found in all groups, but between-group differences were not significant. In the index of insomnia severity, decreases were higher in the three experimental groups as compared with controls especially in the group of ashwagandha 600 mg. Daytime somnolence was also reduced in the three experimental groups. Changes in anxiety levels and Morningness-Eveningness Questionnaire were not observed. The study products did not elicit changes in body composition and were well tolerated and safe. The data did not support the hypothesis, as the combination of ashwagandha and tryptophan did not show greater benefits in improving sleep quality than ashwagandha alone. However, the results from the three experimental groups containing ashwagandha were more favorable compared to the placebo group.
Effect of Peanut Consumption on Cardiovascular Risk Factors: A Randomized Clinical Trial and Meta-Analysis.; Although numerous studies have reported the protective effect of nut consumption on cardiovascular risk, evidence for the role of peanuts in maintaining cardiometabolic health is inconclusive. Presented here are the results from the ARISTOTLE study, a parallel randomized controlled trial evaluating the impact of regular peanut intake on anthropometric, biochemical, and clinical measurements. The 63 healthy subjects that completed the study consumed their habitual diet plus either: a) 25 g/day of skin roasted peanuts (SRP, n = 21), b) two tablespoons (32 g)/day of peanut butter (PB, n = 23) or c) two tablespoons (32 g)/day of a control butter based on peanut oil (CB, n = 19) for 6 months. In addition, a meta-analysis of clinical trials, including data from the ARISTOTLE study, was carried out to update the evidence for the effects of consuming peanuts, including high-oleic peanuts, and peanut butter on healthy subjects and those at high cardiometabolic risk. After a systematic search on PubMed, Web of Science, Cochrane Library and Scopus databases up to July 2021, 11 studies were found to meet the eligibility criteria. In the ARISTOTLE study, lower total cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol ratios were found in the SRP group compared to the CB group (p = 0.019 and p = 0.008). The meta-analysis of clinical trials revealed that peanut consumption is associated with a decrease in triglycerides (MD: -0.13; 95% CI, -0.20 to -0.07; p < 0.0001) and that healthy consumers had lower total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol ratios compared to the control groups (MD: -0.40; 95% CI, -0.71 to -0.09; p = 0.01 and MD: -0.19; 95% CI, -0.36 to -0.01; p = 0.03, respectively). However, individuals at high cardiometabolic risk experienced an increase in body weight after the peanut interventions (MD: 0.97; 95% CI, 0.54 to 1.41; p < 0.0001), although not in body fat or body mass index. According to the dose-response analyses, body weight increased slightly with higher doses of peanuts. In conclusion, a regular consumption of peanuts seems to modulate lipid metabolism, reducing triglyceride blood levels., Systematic Review Registration: https://osf.io/jx34y/, identifier: 10.17605/OSF.IO/MK35Y. Copyright © 2022 Parilli-Moser, Hurtado-Barroso, Guasch-Ferre and Lamuela-Raventos.
Is the Indian Dietary Pattern Associated WithType 2 Diabetes? A Pan-India Randomized Cluster Sample Study.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes is associated strongly with many neurodegenerative diseases and is also a lifestyle disorder. A good glycemic status depends on diet management and physical activity. There are several studies available on the relationship between diet habits and impact on diabetes., PURPOSE: The objective of this study was to check the association of different dietary factors with glucose levels and lipid values in type 2 diabetes from a part of a large nationwide trial., METHODS: This was the data fromapan-India multicentered cluster randomized controlled study covering 60 states and 4 union territories; 17,285 individuals were surveyed for dietary factors. Amongst them, data of 12,500 individuals were analyzed.Males were 54% and 60% individuals were from urban areas., RESULTS: The analysis of the results showed that consumption (usual/often) of milk(odds ratio, OR = 7.180), meat (OR = 6.81), less fiber (OR = 17.77), and less fruits (OR = 14.71) was strongly and positively associated with fasting blood glucose (P<.001). The postprandial blood glucose (PPBG) in diabetes individuals also had a strong positive association (P<.001) with consumption (usual/often) of meat (OR = 22.82) and milk (OR = 17.19). In prediabetes individuals, milk was significantly (P<.001) associated with fasting blood glucose (OR = 2.74). In nondiabetes individuals also, milk was significantly associated with postprandial blood glucose (OR = 2.56). Consumption of meat was associated with high cholesterol (OR = 1.465). Consumption of junk food was associated significantly (P <.001)with the status of known diabetes (OR = 1.345) and known hypertension (OR = 1.247)., CONCLUSION: Consumption of milk, meat, less vegetables, less fruits, and junk food has a significant effect on the glycemic status and cholesterol levels, and also on the status of known diabetes and hypertension. Copyright © 2021 Indian Academy of Neurosciences (IAN).
Full-fat dairy products and cardiometabolic health outcomes: Does the dairy-fat matrix matter?.; Reducing dairy fat intake is a common dietary guideline to limit energy and saturated fatty acid intake for the promotion of cardiometabolic health. However, research utilizing a holistic, food-based approach to assess the consumption of the fat found in dairy, a broad and diverse food group, may provide new insight into these guidelines. Dairy fat is comprised of a diverse assembly of fatty acids, triacylglycerols, sterols, and phospholipids, all uniquely packaged in a milk fat globule. The physical structure of this milk fat globule and its membrane is modified through different processing methods, resulting in distinctive dairy-fat matrices across each dairy product. The objectives of this narrative review were to first define and compare the dairy-fat matrix in terms of its unique composition, physical structure, and fat content across common dairy products (cow's milk, yogurt, cheese, and butter). With this information, we examined observational studies and randomized controlled trials published within the last 10 years (2013-2023) to assess the individual effects of the dairy-fat matrix in milk, yogurt, cheese, and butter on cardiometabolic health and evaluate the implications for nutrition guidance. Searches conducted on Ovid MEDLINE and PubMed R utilizing search terms for cardiometabolic health, both broadly and regarding specific disease outcomes and risk factors, yielded 59 studies that were analyzed and included in this review. Importantly, this review stratifies by both dairy product and fat content. Though the results were heterogeneous, most studies reported no association between intake of these individual regular-fat dairy products and cardiometabolic outcome measures, thus, the current body of evidence suggests that regular-fat dairy product consumption may be incorporated within overall healthy eating patterns. Research suggests that there may be a beneficial effect of regular-fat milk and yogurt intake on outcome measures related to body weight and composition, and an effect of regular-fat cheese intake on outcome measures related to blood lipids, but more research is necessary to define the directionality of this relationship. Lastly, we identify methodological research gaps and propose future research directions to bolster the current evidence base available for ascertaining the role of dairy fat in a healthy diet. Copyright © 2024 Taormina, Unger and Kraft.
Exploring the Multifaceted Influences on Childhood Nutritional Status: A Study Conducted in South Punjab, Pakistan.; Introduction The double burden of malnutrition (DBM) in Pakistan is a rising concern affecting school-going children, marked by coexisting under- and over-nutrition within the same population. Key influences include shifts in dietary habits, socioeconomic status, and lifestyle changes due to rapid urbanization. With a focus on Multan, Pakistan, the study seeks to assess the proportion of underweight and overweight students while identifying the risk factors and sociodemographic characteristics associated with this incidence. The aim is to guide future health interventions addressing this multidimensional health challenge. Materials and methods This study, adopting a descriptive cross-sectional research design, collected data from female teenage students through interviews and anthropometric measurements. A total of 300 participants were randomly selected from a comprehensive school list representing diverse urban and rural settings. Participants ' weight and height were measured to calculate their body mass index (BMI), categorizing them into underweight, normal weight, and overweight groups. The relevant risk factors were collected through an interview questionnaire. Collected data were analyzed using IBM SPSS Statistics for Windows, Version 26.0 (Released 2019; IBM Corp., Armonk, New York, United States), with the results stratified according to socioeconomic, dietary, and psychosocial factors and compared across different weight categories. Results The study collected data from 300 students, revealing a correlation between socioeconomic status, dietary habits, and BMI. Parental occupation significantly affected nutritional status, with children of laborers primarily falling within normal and underweight categories. Dietary habits like frequency of fast food and milk or dairy consumption showed notable associations with nutritional status. Psychosocial factors such as peer or teacher comments about weight and outdoor sports participation also influenced the students' nutritional status. However, factors like family income, video game hours, and the presence of pets at home did not show significant associations with nutritional status. Conclusions The study illustrates a multi-faceted association between socioeconomic status, dietary habits, and BMI among schoolchildren in Multan, Pakistan, emphasizing the need for comprehensive interventions. Copyright © 2024, Akhtar et al.
Protein Supplement Tolerability and Patient Satisfaction after Bariatric Surgery.; PURPOSE: Disproportional fat-free mass loss often occurs post-bariatric surgery, partly due to insufficient protein intake during the post-surgery recovery phase. We compared five protein-enhancing strategies (PES) on patient tolerability, satisfaction and protein intake., MATERIALS AND METHODS: Ninety-four participants, scheduled for bariatric surgery, were enrolled and allocated to either of the following: (1) whey powder, (2) hydrolysed collagen powder, (3) plant-based powder, (4) protein-rich products, (5) protein gel, or control. PES groups were instructed to add 30 g of powder or 2 gels or protein products to their diet. Patient satisfaction and tolerability were evaluated with questionnaires. Dietary intake was assessed prior to and during PES use., RESULTS: Seven patients dropped out (i.e. loss of contact, personal reasons or post-surgery complications) yielding an analytical cohort of 87 participants. The majority of patients (61%) did not experience dietary complaints from PES and could use PES >= 5 days of the week. PES non-usage was mainly related to taste dislike (58%). Hydrolysed collagen scored highest on tolerability and satisfaction: 86% of the participants could use HC >= 5 days and 71% were satisfied with the product. PES increased protein intake from 54.7 +/- 21.5 g/day to 64.7 +/- 23.4 g/day during the intervention (p = 0.002), which differed from the control group (+ 10.1 +/- 24.5 g/day vs. - 6.3 +/- 23.8 g/day for controls, p = 0.019). Whey showed the highest increase, namely + 18.3 +/- 16.3 g/day (p = 0.009)., CONCLUSION: PES were tolerated by the majority of participants, and an improved protein intake with PES use was seen. However, the taste of the products could be improved to further enhance satisfaction and tolerability. Copyright © 2024. The Author(s).
Antineoplastic with DNA fragmentation assay and anti-oxidant, anti-inflammatory with gene expression activity of Lactobacillus plantarum isolated from local Egyptian milk products.; Many lactic acid bacteria (LAB), known for their human health benefits, are derived from milk and utilized in biotherapeutic applications or for producing valuable nutraceuticals. However, the specific role of milk-associated LAB in biotherapeutics remains underexplored. To address this, eight milk product samples were randomly selected from the Egyptian market, diluted, and then cultured anaerobically on MRS agar. Subsequently, 16 suspected LAB isolates were recovered and underwent rapid preliminary identification. Among these isolates, the Lactobacillus plantarum strain with accession number (OQ547261.1) was identified due to its strong antioxidant activity depending on the DPPH assay, L. plantarum displayed notable antioxidant activities of 71.8% and 93.8% at concentrations of 125-1000 microg/mL, respectively. While ascorbic acid showed lower concentrations of 7.81, 3.9, and 1.95 microg/mL which showed activities of 45.1%, 34.2%, and 27.2%, respectively. The anti-inflammatory efficacy of L. plantarum was evaluated based on its capability to prevent hemolysis induced by hypotonic conditions. At a concentration of 1000 microg/mL, L. plantarum could reduce hemolysis by 97.7%, nearly matching the 99.5% inhibition rate achieved by the standard drug, indomethacin, at an identical concentration. Moreover, L. plantarum exhibited high hemolytic activity at 100 microg/mL (14.3%), which decreased to 1.4% at 1000 microg/mL. The abundance of phenolic acids and flavonoids was determined by high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) in L. plantarum. Real-time quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) demonstrated that L. plantarum increased gene expression of the inflammatory marker TLR2 by 133%, and cellular oxidation markers SOD1 and SOD2 by 65% and 74.2%, respectively, while suppressing CRP expression by 33.3%. These results underscore L. plantarum's exceptional anti-inflammatory and antioxidant activities. Furthermore, L. plantarum induces cancer cell death through necrotic nuclear DNA fragmentation. These findings suggest that L. plantarum is not only suitable for nutraceutical production but also holds potential as a probiotic strain. Future research should focus on enhancing the capacity of this strain across various industries and fostering innovation in multiple fields. Copyright © 2024. The Author(s).
Effects of a functional yogurt enriched with soluble dietary fiber or vegetable proteins on appetite profile. An acute randomized controlled clinical trial.; Introduction: Introduction: designing functional foods to control appetite could be a useful strategy for managing overweight and obesity. Fiber and proteins could be interesting ingredients to consider. Objectives: to evaluate the appetite profile of two experimental yogurts (fiber-enriched [FEY] and protein-enriched [PEY]) versus a control yogurt (CY) in a group of overweight/obesity people. Material and methods: an acute, randomized, double-blind, crossover clinical trial was carried out in a group of twelve healthy overweight/obesity type I people; randomized to consume 3 yogurts in a different order for 3 acute study days. The appetite profile (1. hunger, 2. satiety, 3. fullness, 4. prospective food consumption, 5. desire to eat something fatty, salty, sweet or savoury) was assessed using a Visual Analog Scale (ranging from 0 ''not at all'' to 10 ''extremely") at 12 moments in each acute study. Additionally, total food consumption in an ad libitum lunch was assessed. Results: FEY produce a significantly lower desire to consume any food at 30 (1.50 +/- 0.42) and 60 minutes (2.78 +/- 0.42) after consumption compared to PEY (3.46 +/- 0.53; 4.33 +/- 0.54) and CY (3.27 +/- 0.69; 4.0 +/- 0.78) respectively (p < 0.016). Also, FEY consumption produced a higher satiety and fullness and a lower desire to ingest something fatty, salty or savory after 90 minutes consumption compared to the other products, but the difference was not significance. Conclusion : FEY might be a good functional food prototype to control appetite in overweight and obese people.
Immediate fortification of human milk with a bovine milk-derived human milk fortifier in very low birth weight infants: a randomized clinical trial.; OBJECTIVE: Double-blind randomized control trial of early addition of a bovine milk-derived human milk fortifier (HMF) in very low birth weight (VLBW) infants (NCT05228535)., METHODS: VLBW infants were randomized to receive bovine milk-derived HMF with first feedings or delayed fortification at 80 ml/kg/day. Anthropometrics were assessed weekly through 36 weeks postmenstrual age (PMA). Unadjusted and adjusted (race, gender, gestational age, and birth weight) differences between study arms were examined using two-sample t-test and ANCOVA, respectively., RESULTS: Fifty-two VLBW infants (57% female, 60% Black) were enrolled. Baseline demographics did not differ between groups. Weight velocity at DOL 28 did not differ between study arms. Secondary outcomes including NPO occurrence, incidence of metabolic acidosis, NEC, retinopathy, or late-onset sepsis did not differ between groups., CONCLUSION: Immediate fortification of enteral feedings with a bovine milk-derived HMF appears safe and well-tolerated although no clear growth benefit could be established. Copyright © 2024. The Author(s).
Weight gain in infants with congenital heart disease; breastfeeding alone versus supplemental spoon-feeding of expressed breast milk: an open-label, pilot, randomised control trial.; OBJECTIVES: Infants with congenital heart disease and increased pulmonary blood flow frequently suffer from feeding difficulties and growth failure. Providing expressed breast milk by spoon has been hypothesised to decrease energy expenditure in these infants as compared to breastfeeding. This study assessed the effect of supplemental feeding of expressed breast milk on weight gain in infants with unoperated congenital heart disease., METHOD: This was a prospective open-label randomised control trial. In total, 50 infants with post tricuspid left to right shunt were enrolled in the study. In the intervention group, apart from breastfeeding, a minimum predetermined volume of expressed breast milk was targeted to be given by spoon. 30-50 kcal/kg/day was given by expressed breast milk by spoon-feeding. In the control group, the infants were given at least 8 feeds per 24 hours by direct breastfeeding. Both groups were followed up for 1 month and assessed for weight gain., RESULT: Despite a high rate of protocol breach in both groups (30% overall), infants in the intervention group had better weight gain at one-month follow-up compared to those in the control group, 780 +/- 300 versus 530 +/- 250 gm (p = 0.01)., CONCLUSION: In infants with left to right shunts, supplemental feeding of expressed breast milk by spoon along with breastfeeding resulted in significantly higher average weight gain at 30 days compared to the control group who received breastfeeding alone. Future studies with larger sample sizes and longer follow-ups need to be done to confirm the findings of this study.
Nutritional interventions to prevent retinopathy of prematurity.; Very preterm infants are at high risk of growth failure. Poor weight gain is a prominent risk factor for retinopathy of prematurity (ROP) and optimizing nutrition could potentially promote growth and reduce ROP. Most infants at risk of ROP need parenteral nutrition initially and studies of enhanced parenteral provision of lipids and amino acids have suggested a beneficial effect on ROP. Higher amino acid intake was associated with lower incidence of hyperglycemia, a risk factor for ROP. For very preterm infants, providing unpasteurized fortified raw maternal breast milk appears to have a dose-dependent preventive effect on ROP. These infants become deficient in arachidonic acid (ArA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) after birth when the maternal supply is lost. Earlier studies have investigated the impact of omega-3 fatty acids on ROP with mixed results. In a recent study, early enteral supplementation of ArA 100 mg/kg/d and DHA 50 mg/kg/d until term equivalent age reduced the incidence of severe ROP by 50%. IMPACT: Previous reviews of nutritional interventions to prevent morbidities in preterm infants have mainly addressed bronchopulmonary dysplasia, brain lesions and neurodevelopmental outcome. This review focusses on ROP. Neonatal enteral supplementation with arachidonic acid and docosahexaenoic acid, at levels similar to the fetal accretion rate, has been found to reduce severe ROP by 50% in randomized controlled trials. Copyright © 2024. The Author(s).
Therapeutic Effect of Anti-inflammatory Tripeptide Cream in Hand-Foot Syndrome/Skin Reaction Related to Anticancer Drugs: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Pilot Trial.; PURPOSE: Hand-foot syndrome (HFS) and hand-foot skin reaction (HFSR) are relatively common toxicities that interfere with the quality of life (QoL) of patients with cancer. Anti-inflammatory tripeptide cream (ATPC) is a complex formulation of anti-inflammatory tripeptides, the CD99-agonist Binterin and the Wnt-antagonist Winhibin. The present study aimed to assess the therapeutic effects of ATPC in HFS/HFSR associated with anticancer drugs., MATERIALS AND METHODS: This was a single-center, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Patients who developed grade 1 HFS/HFSR after systemic anticancer treatments were enrolled, and randomly assigned to receive either ATPC or placebo cream (PC) and followed up at 3-week intervals for up to 9 weeks. Primary endpoint was the development of grade >= 2 HFS/HFSR., RESULTS: Between April 2019 and July 2022, 60 patients (31 in the ATPC and 29 in the PC group) completed the study. The incidence of grade >= 2 HFS/HFSR was significantly lower in the ATPC than in the PC group (25.8% vs. 51.7%, p=0.039). The ATPC showed trends towards a better QoL score, assessed by a HFSR and QoL questionnaire at 9 weeks (26.0 vs. 29.9, p=0.574), and a lower frequency of discontinuation, interruption, or dose reduction of anticancer drugs (51.6% vs. 58.6%, p=0.586) than the PC group over 9 weeks, though without statistical significance., CONCLUSION: Our results showed that ATPC significantly decreased the development of grade >= 2 HFS/HFSR in patients already with HFS/HFSR. Therefore, ATPC may be an effective treatment for HFS/HFSR associated with anticancer drugs.
Impact of Maternal Moringa oleifera Leaf Supplementation on Milk and Serum Vitamin A and Carotenoid Concentrations in a Cohort of Breastfeeding Kenyan Women and Their Infants.; Background: Childhood vitamin A deficiency leads to increased morbidity and mortality. Human milk is the only source of vitamin A for exclusively breastfed infants. Dried Moringa oleifera leaf powder (moringa) is a good food source of provitamin A and other carotenoids. Its effect during lactation on human milk vitamin A and carotenoid content is unclear. Objectives: Our objective was to investigate the effect of maternal moringa consumption on human milk retinol and carotenoid concentrations and maternal and infant vitamin A status. Methods: We conducted a 3-month pilot single-blinded cluster-randomized controlled trial in breastfeeding mother-infant pairs (n = 50) in Kenya. Mothers received corn porridge with (20 g/d) or without moringa with complete breast expressions and maternal and infant serum collected at enrollment (infant <30 days old) and 3 months. Milk was analyzed for retinol and selected carotenoids; maternal/infant serum was analyzed for retinol binding protein (RBP). Results: 88% (n = 44) pairs completed milk and serum samples. Four mothers (9%) had vitamin A deficiency (RBP <0.07 micromol/L); 11 (25%) were vitamin A insufficient (VAI; RBP <1.05 micromol/L). Alpha-carotene concentration in milk was higher in the moringa than the control group at baseline (p = 0.024) and at exit (least squares means, LSM, 95%CI microg/mL 0.003, 0.003-0.004 moringa vs. 0.002, 0.001-0.003 control, n = 22/cluster; p = 0.014). In mothers with VAI, alpha-carotene was higher in the moringa group than controls at exit (LSM, 95%CI microg/mL 0.005, 0.003-0.009 moringa, n = 3, vs. 0.002, 0.000-0.004 control, n = 8, p = 0.027) with no difference at baseline. Milk carotenoids did not correlate with vitamin A status (serum RBP) in infants or mothers. Conclusions: Maternal moringa consumption did not impact concentration of milk vitamin A and resulted in limited increase in milk carotenoids in this cohort.
Effects of Human Milk Oligosaccharide 2'-Fucosyllactose Ingestion on Weight Loss and Markers of Health.; BACKGROUND: 2'-Fucosyllactose (2'-FL) is an oligosaccharide contained in human milk and possesses prebiotic and anti-inflammatory effects, which may alleviate skeletal muscle atrophy under caloric restriction. This study evaluated the impacts of 12 weeks of 2'-FL supplementation in conjunction with exercise (10,000 steps/day, 5 days/week) and energy-reduced (-300 kcals/day) dietary interventions on changes in body composition and health-related biomarkers., METHODS: A total of 41 overweight and sedentary female and male participants (38.0 +/- 13 years, 90.1 +/- 15 kg, 31.6 +/- 6.6 kg/m2, 36.9 +/- 7% fat) took part in a randomized, double-blind, and placebo-controlled study. The participants underwent baseline assessments and were then assigned to ingest 3 g/day of a placebo (PLA) or Momstamin 2'-F while initiating the exercise and weight-loss program. Follow-up tests were performed after 6 and 12 weeks. Data were analyzed using general linear model statistics with repeated measures and mean changes from baseline values with 95% confidence intervals (CIs)., RESULTS: No group x time x sex interaction effects were observed, so group x time effects are reported. Participants in both groups saw comparable reductions in weight. However, those with 2'-FL demonstrated a significantly greater reduction in the percentage of body fat and less loss of the fat-free mass. Additionally, there was evidence that 2'-FL supplementation promoted more favorable changes in resting fat oxidation, peak aerobic capacity, IL-4, and platelet aggregation, with some minimal effects on the fermentation of short-chain fatty acids and monosaccharides in fecal samples. Moreover, participants' perceptions regarding some aspects of the functional capacity and ratings of the quality of life were improved, and the supplementation protocol was well tolerated, although a small, but significant, decrease in BMC was observed., CONCLUSIONS: The results support contentions that dietary supplementation of 2'-FL (3 g/d) can promote fat loss and improve exercise- and diet-related markers of health and fitness in overweight sedentary individuals initiating an exercise and weight-loss program. Further research is needed to explore the potential health benefits of 2'-FL supplementation in both healthy and elderly individuals (Registered clinical trial #NCT06547801).
Protein Supplement Tolerability and Patient Satisfaction after Bariatric Surgery.; PURPOSE: Disproportional fat-free mass loss often occurs post-bariatric surgery, partly due to insufficient protein intake during the post-surgery recovery phase. We compared five protein-enhancing strategies (PES) on patient tolerability, satisfaction and protein intake., MATERIALS AND METHODS: Ninety-four participants, scheduled for bariatric surgery, were enrolled and allocated to either of the following: (1) whey powder, (2) hydrolysed collagen powder, (3) plant-based powder, (4) protein-rich products, (5) protein gel, or control. PES groups were instructed to add 30 g of powder or 2 gels or protein products to their diet. Patient satisfaction and tolerability were evaluated with questionnaires. Dietary intake was assessed prior to and during PES use., RESULTS: Seven patients dropped out (i.e. loss of contact, personal reasons or post-surgery complications) yielding an analytical cohort of 87 participants. The majority of patients (61%) did not experience dietary complaints from PES and could use PES >= 5 days of the week. PES non-usage was mainly related to taste dislike (58%). Hydrolysed collagen scored highest on tolerability and satisfaction: 86% of the participants could use HC >= 5 days and 71% were satisfied with the product. PES increased protein intake from 54.7 +/- 21.5 g/day to 64.7 +/- 23.4 g/day during the intervention (p = 0.002), which differed from the control group (+ 10.1 +/- 24.5 g/day vs. - 6.3 +/- 23.8 g/day for controls, p = 0.019). Whey showed the highest increase, namely + 18.3 +/- 16.3 g/day (p = 0.009)., CONCLUSION: PES were tolerated by the majority of participants, and an improved protein intake with PES use was seen. However, the taste of the products could be improved to further enhance satisfaction and tolerability. Copyright © 2024. The Author(s).
Effects of Formula-100 therapeutic milk and Bregas Nutriroll ready-to-use therapeutic food on Indonesian children with severe acute malnutrition: A randomized controlled trial study.; Severe acute malnutrition (SAM) is a global health concern that affects children and leads to delayed growth. The aim of this study was to compare the impact of F100 milk and Bregas Nutriroll, a local ready-to-use therapeutic food (RUTF), on SAM children. An unmasked, non-blinded, two-group, and simple randomized controlled trial was conducted. Indonesian children aged 12-59 months with SAM were randomly assigned to receive either F100 milk or Bregas Nutriroll. After eight weeks, the increase in the mean weight gain in both groups was assessed. The Bregas Nutriroll group (n=19) had a mean weight gain of 1.07+/-0.09 kg, while the F100 group (n=17) had a mean weight gain of 1.05+/-0.11 kg. The Bregas Nutriroll group had a slightly higher gain of mid-upper arm circumference (MUAC) than the F100 group (0.62+/-0.34 cm vs 0.50+/-0.37 cm). The gain of children's height of the Bregas Nutriroll group was 0.96+/-0.42 cm, while the F100 group was shorter at a mean of 0.81+/-0.44 cm. Statistically significant differences (p<0.001) in nutritional status were observed based on weight, MUAC, and height/length after F100 and Bregas Nutriroll interventions. The intervention with F100 increased hemoglobin (Hb) levels of 0.71+/-1.25 mg/dL, while the Bregas Nutriroll intervention led to an increase of 0.11+/-1.39 mg/dL. In conclusion, our study showed that community-based treatment with F100 milk or Bregas Nutriroll resulted in nutritional status in children with SAM. These findings suggested that both treatments could be effective in treating SAM in improving nutritional status and child health outcomes. Copyright © 2024 The Author(s).
Low-fat yogurt consumption maintains biomarkers of immune function relative to nondairy control food in women with elevated BMI: A randomized controlled crossover trial.; Yogurt consumption may help reduce chronic inflammation associated with obesity. However, the underlying mechanism(s) by which yogurt consumption modulates the immune system have not been validated in human intervention studies. We hypothesized that 4-week yogurt consumption (12 oz/day) attenuates systemic inflammation by modulating the proportion of circulating T helper (Th) 17 and regulatory T (Treg) cells in adult women with elevated body mass index (BMI). To test the hypothesis, we conducted a randomized crossover dietary intervention study consisted of a 4-week dietary intervention in which participants consumed 12 oz of either low-fat dairy yogurt or a soy pudding control snack per day, with a 4-week washout between treatments. Thirty-nine healthy adult women with a BMI between 25 and 40 kg/m2 were enrolled and 20 completed the study. Changes in the biometrics, circulating T cells, and markers of systemic and colonic inflammation were assessed between the 2 treatment groups, as well as 24-hour diet recalls were conducted at baseline and following each treatment. The primary study outcome, the change in the proportion of circulating Th17 cells, was unaffected by the treatments. Secondary outcome measures, circulating Treg, Th17, and markers of chronic inflammation, were maintained by yogurt treatment, whereas circulating Treg was increased and interleukin-10 was reduced by control snack treatment. However, circulating Treg changes were not associated with changes to other biomarkers of inflammation, implying other immune cells and/or tissues may mediate circulating biomarkers of chronic inflammation. This study was approved by the University of Wisconsin-Madison institutional review board and registered at ClinicalTrials.gov NCT04149418. Copyright © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Comparison of the effects of Valsalva maneuver, EMLA cream, and the combination of both in relieving pain of needle insertion on totally implantable access port: A randomized controlled study.; BACKGROUND: Totally implantable access port (TIAP) is a subcutaneously implanted, long-term infusion device that is widely used in oncology patients. However, multiple needle insertions into TIAP may lead to pain, anxiety, and dread in patients. This study aimed to compare the effectiveness of Valsalva maneuver, eutectic mixture of local anesthetics (EMLA) cream, and the combination of both in relieving pain of cannulations on TIAP., METHODS: This was a prospective randomized controlled study. We included 223 patients treated with antineoplastic drugs and randomized them into four groups: EMLA Group (Group E), control Group (Group C), Valsalva maneuver Group (Group V), and EMLA cream combing with Valsalva maneuver Group (Group EV). Each group was given the corresponding intervention before non-coring needle insertion. The data on pain scores and overall comfort were collected by numerical pain rating scale (NPRS) and visual analog scale (VAS)., RESULTS: Group E and Group EV experienced the least amount of pain scores in needle insertion, which was significantly lower than Group V and Group C (p < 0.05). Meanwhile, Group E and Group EV obtained the highest comfort level, which was significantly higher than group C (p < 0.05). Fifteen patients developed localized skin erythema after the application of medical Vaseline or EMLA cream and subsided within half an hour after rubbing., CONCLUSION: EMLA cream is a safe and effective way to alleviate pain during non-coring needle insertion in TIAP and enhance the overall comfort of patients. We recommend applying EMLA cream 1 h before needle insertion of TIAP, especially in patients having needle phobia or high pain scores from previous non-coring needle insertion.
Anti-wrinkle efficacy of standardized phenolic acids polymer extract (PAPE) from propolis: Implications for antiaging and skin health.; BACKGROUND: The increasing quest for effective and safe antiaging skincare solutions has led to a surge in the exploration of natural compounds such as phenolic acids. Despite the proven efficacy of traditional antiaging ingredients like retinol, their associated side effects have necessitated the search for alternatives., AIMS: This study aimed to assess the anti-wrinkle efficacy of a standardized phenolic acids polymer extract (PAPE) from propolis, employing both in vitro and clinical methodologies to explore its suitability as a novel antiaging skincare ingredient for sensitive and nonsensitive skin types., PATIENTS/METHODS: The study comprised of evaluating PAPE effects on key skin health biomarkers in dermal fibroblasts and keratinocytes. A double-blind, randomized clinical trial involving female participants aged 30-70 years assessed the wrinkle-reducing effectiveness of face creams formulated with two concentrations of PAPE (1.5% and 3%) over a 28-day period., RESULTS: In vitro studies indicated that PAPE could modulate inflammation and tissue remodeling biomarkers. The clinical trial demonstrated that applying PAPE-enriched cream resulted in significant wrinkle reduction, with 25% and 34% improvements for the 1.5% and 3% PAPE formulations, respectively. Subjective feedback from participants further validated the antiaging efficacy and overall satisfaction with the product., CONCLUSION: Incorporating PAPE offers a compelling antiaging solution, significantly reducing wrinkle depth with a favorable safety profile. The study substantiates PAPE's potential as an effective and safe alternative to conventional antiaging ingredients, aligning with the cosmetic industry's shift toward natural, evidence-based formulations. Copyright © 2024 Apiotix Technologies. Journal of Cosmetic Dermatology published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
The effect of the implementation of the international code of marketing of breast-milk substitutes on child mortality in Ghana and Tanzania.; OBJECTIVE: The International Code of Marketing of Breast-Milk Substitutes is an important instrument to protect and promote appropriate infant and young child feeding and the safe use of commercial milk formulas. Ghana and Tanzania implemented the Code into national legislation in 2000 and 1994, respectively. We aimed to estimate the effects of the Code implementation on child mortality (CM) in both countries., SETTING: The countries analysed were Ghana and Tanzania., PARTICIPANTS: For CM and HIV rates, data from the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation from up to 2019 were used. Data for income and skilled birth rates were retrieved from the World Bank, for fertility from the World Population Prospects, for vaccination from the Global Health Observatory and for employment from the International Labour Organization., DESIGN: We used the synthetic control group method and performed placebo tests to assess statistical inference. The primary outcomes were CM by lower respiratory infections, mainly pneumonia, and diarrhoea and the secondary outcome was overall CM., RESULTS: One-sided inference tests showed statistically significant treatment effects for child deaths by lower respiratory infections in Ghana (P = 0.0476) and Tanzania (P = 0.0476) and for diarrhoea in Tanzania (P = 0.0476). More restrictive two-sided inference tests showed a statistically significant treatment effect for child deaths by lower respiratory infections in Ghana (P = 0.0476). No statistically significant results were found for overall CM., CONCLUSION: The results suggest that the implementation of the Code in both countries had a potentially beneficial effect on CM due to infectious diseases; however, further research is needed to corroborate these findings.
Adjusted versus Targeted Fortification in Extremely Low Birth Weight Preterm Infants: Fortin Study-A Randomized Clinical Trial.; Fortified human milk is the first choice for preterm infants. Although individualized fortification is recommended, the optimal method for this population remains uncertain. We conducted a comparative study assessing the growth effects of adjusted (AF) and targeted fortification (TF) in extremely low birth weight (ELBW) infants. This single-center, randomized, controlled clinical trial was conducted at a tertiary neonatal unit in Spain. Eligible participants were premature infants with a birthweight of <1000 g exclusively fed with human milk. A total of 38 patients were enrolled, 15 of them randomized to AF group and 23 to TF group. AF was based on blood urea nitrogen (BUN) concentration and TF on human milk analysis. The primary outcome was weight gain velocity (g/kg/day). No significant differences were found in weight gain velocity at 28 days, at 36 weeks of postmenstrual age, at discharge, nor during the intervention. Protein intake was significantly higher in the AF group (5.02 g/kg/day vs. 4.48 g/kg/day, p = 0.001). No differences were found in the lipid, carbohydrate, and energy intake; in the weight z score change between the different time points; nor in the length and head circumference growth. Both AF and TF are comparable methods of fortification and provide the appropriate growth rate in ELBW infants.
Consumption of a new developed synbiotic yogurt improves oxidative stress status in adults with metabolic syndrome: a randomized controlled clinical trial.; Association between metabolic syndrome (MetS) and oxidative stress has been shown in numerous studies. It has been shown that probiotics could be the effective treatment strategy in improving oxidative stress. This study aimed to determine the effects of a new developed synbiotic yogurt on oxidative stress status in adults with MetS. Forty-four individuals were assigned into two groups and given 300 g of synbiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus plantarum, Lactobacillus pentosus, and Chloromyces marcosianos yeast or regular yogurt for 12 weeks in this randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial. Before and after the intervention, biochemical parameters were assessed. Daily consumption of synbiotic yogurt in adults with MetS showed a statistically significant improvement in the level of glutathione peroxidase (p = 0.01) and total oxidant status (p = 0.006) compared to the regular yogurt. Total Antioxidant Capacity and superoxide dismutase levels increased significantly (p = 0.002 and p = 0.02, respectively) in the intervention group compared to the baseline levels. In adults with MetS, daily consumption of the synbiotic yogurt containing native strains of Lactobacillus plantarum, Lactobacillus pentosus, and Chloromyces marcosianos yeast for 12 weeks was associated with improvements in oxidative stress status.Trial registration number: Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials (IRCT20220426054667N1) (18/05/2022). Copyright © 2024. The Author(s).
Consumption of dairy foods to achieve recommended levels for older adults has no deleterious effects on serum lipids.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Correction of calcium and protein undernutrition using milk, yoghurt, and cheese in older adults in aged care homes is associated with reduced fractures and falls. However, these foods contain potentially atherogenic fats. We aimed to determine whether this intervention that increased dairy consumption to recommended levels adversely affects serum lipid profiles., METHOD AND RESULTS: This was a sub-group analysis of a 2-year cluster-randomised trial involving 60 aged care homes in Australia. Thirty intervention homes provided additional milk, yoghurt, and cheese on menus while 30 control homes continued with their usual menus. A sample of 159 intervention and 86 controls residents (69% female, median age 87.8 years) had dietary intakes recorded using plate waste analysis and fasting serum lipids measured at baseline and 12 months. Diagnosis of cardiovascular disease and use of relevant medications were determined from medical records. Outcome measures were serum total, HDL and LDL cholesterol and ApoA-1 & B. Intervention increased daily dairy servings from 1.9 +/- 1.0 to 3.5 +/- 1.4 (p < 0.001) while controls continued daily intakes of <=2 servings daily (1.7 +/- 1.0 to 2.0 +/- 1.0 (p = 0.028). No group differences were observed for serum total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein-C (TC/HDL-C) ratio, Apoprotein B/Apoprotein A-1 (ApoB/ApoA-1) ratio, low-density lipoprotein-C (LDL-C), non-HDL-C, or triglycerides (TGs) at 12 months., CONCLUSION: Among older adults in aged care homes, correcting insufficiency in intakes of calcium and protein using milk, yoghurt and cheese does not alter serum lipid levels, suggesting that this is a suitable intervention for reducing the risk of falls and fractures., CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRY: Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry (ACTRN12613000228785) 2012; https://www.anzctr.org.au. Copyright © 2024. Published by Elsevier B.V.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials of substituting soymilk for cow's milk and intermediate cardiometabolic outcomes: understanding the impact of dairy alternatives in the transition to plant-based diets on cardiometabolic health.; BACKGROUND: Dietary guidelines recommend a shift to plant-based diets. Fortified soymilk, a prototypical plant protein food used in the transition to plant-based diets, usually contains added sugars to match the sweetness of cow's milk and is classified as an ultra-processed food. Whether soymilk can replace minimally processed cow's milk without the adverse cardiometabolic effects attributed to added sugars and ultra-processed foods remains unclear. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials, to assess the effect of substituting soymilk for cow's milk and its modification by added sugars (sweetened versus unsweetened) on intermediate cardiometabolic outcomes., METHODS: MEDLINE, Embase, and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials were searched (through June 2024) for randomized controlled trials of >= 3 weeks in adults. Outcomes included established markers of blood lipids, glycemic control, blood pressure, inflammation, adiposity, renal disease, uric acid, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Two independent reviewers extracted data and assessed risk of bias. The certainty of evidence was assessed using GRADE (Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluation). A sub-study of lactose versus sucrose outside of a dairy-like matrix was conducted to explore the role of sweetened soymilk which followed the same methodology., RESULTS: Eligibility criteria were met by 17 trials (n = 504 adults with a range of health statuses), assessing the effect of a median daily dose of 500 mL of soymilk (22 g soy protein and 17.2 g or 6.9 g/250 mL added sugars) in substitution for 500 mL of cow's milk (24 g milk protein and 24 g or 12 g/250 mL total sugars as lactose) on 19 intermediate outcomes. The substitution of soymilk for cow's milk resulted in moderate reductions in non-HDL-C (mean difference, - 0.26 mmol/L [95% confidence interval, - 0.43 to - 0.10]), systolic blood pressure (- 8.00 mmHg [- 14.89 to - 1.11]), and diastolic blood pressure (- 4.74 mmHg [- 9.17 to - 0.31]); small important reductions in LDL-C (- 0.19 mmol/L [- 0.29 to - 0.09]) and c-reactive protein (CRP) (- 0.82 mg/L [- 1.26 to - 0.37]); and trivial increases in HDL-C (0.05 mmol/L [0.00 to 0.09]). No other outcomes showed differences. There was no meaningful effect modification by added sugars across outcomes. The certainty of evidence was high for LDL-C and non-HDL-C; moderate for systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, CRP, and HDL-C; and generally moderate-to-low for all other outcomes. We could not conduct the sub-study of the effect of lactose versus added sugars, as no eligible trials could be identified., CONCLUSIONS: Current evidence provides a good indication that replacing cow's milk with soymilk (including sweetened soymilk) does not adversely affect established cardiometabolic risk factors and may result in advantages for blood lipids, blood pressure, and inflammation in adults with a mix of health statuses. The classification of plant-based dairy alternatives such as soymilk as ultra-processed may be misleading as it relates to their cardiometabolic effects and may need to be reconsidered in the transition to plant-based diets., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier, NCT05637866. Copyright © 2024. The Author(s).
Effect of mixed protein supplementation on golf performance and muscle function: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.; BACKGROUND: As a relatively novel approach to enhancing skeletal muscle health, mixed protein supplementation has shown similar responses to whey protein. However, no previous studies have examined its impact on golf swing performance. This study aimed to examine the effect of mixed protein supplementation on the swing performance and muscle strength of casual golfers., METHODS: Sixty participants with a handicap of less than 20 were recruited and randomly assigned to a double-blind, placebo-controlled study design. The participants were divided into two groups: a mixed protein group (MG, n = 30), and a placebo control group (CG, n = 30). They were instructed to ingest either a supplement containing casein calcium, whey protein, and isolated pea protein, or a placebo, once daily for 8 weeks. Pre- and posttests consisted of anthropometric measurements, muscle strength (isokinetic knee and trunk strength, and handgrip strength), 2-minute push-ups, balance, and golf swing performance using a driver and 7-iron., RESULTS: After the 8-week supplementation period, ANCOVA, using baseline values as covariates, revealed significant differences for driver distance (p = .004) and driver ball speed (p < .001). MG significantly increased driver distance by 5.17 +/- 12.8 m (p = .046), driver ball speed by 1.36 +/- 2.87 m/s (p = .021). Additionally, significantly improvements were observed in hand grip strength (+2.12 +/- 3.47 kg, p = .004), two-minute push-ups (+4.89 +/- 8.14 reps, p = .004), and balance score (-0.37 +/- 0.69 min, p = .009). No significant differences were observed in body composition parameters (p > .05)., CONCLUSION: The intake of a mixed protein containing both animal and plant proteins had positive effects on golf performance and muscle function. Therefore, mixed proteins may represent a safe and effective approach to enhancing skeletal muscle health in golf players.
Novel Metabolites Associated With Blood Pressure After Dietary Interventions.; BACKGROUND: The blood pressure (BP) etiologic study is complex due to multifactorial influences, including genetic, environmental, lifestyle, and their intricate interplays. We used a metabolomics approach to capture internal pathways and external exposures and to study BP regulation mechanisms after well-controlled dietary interventions., METHODS: In the ProBP trail (Protein and Blood Pressure), a double-blinded crossover randomized controlled trial, participants underwent dietary interventions of carbohydrate, soy protein, and milk protein, receiving 40 g daily for 8 weeks, with 3-week washout periods. We measured plasma samples collected at baseline and at the end of each dietary intervention. Multivariate linear models were used to evaluate the association between metabolites and systolic/diastolic BP. Nominally significant metabolites were examined for enriching biological pathways. Significant ProBP findings were evaluated for replication among 1311 participants of the BHS (Bogalusa Heart Study), a population-based study conducted in the same area as ProBP., RESULTS: After Bonferroni correction for 77 independent metabolite clusters (alpha=6.49x10-4), 18 metabolites were significantly associated with BP at baseline or the end of a dietary intervention, of which 11 were replicated in BHS. Seven emerged as novel discoveries, which are as follows: 1-linoleoyl-GPE (18:2), 1-oleoyl-GPE (18:1), 1-stearoyl-2-linoleoyl-GPC (18:0/18:2), 1-palmitoyl-2-oleoyl-GPE (16:0/18:1), maltose, N-stearoyl-sphinganine (d18:0/18:0), and N6-carbamoylthreonyladenosine. Pathway enrichment analyses suggested dietary protein intervention might reduce BP through pathways related to G protein-coupled receptors, incretin function, selenium micronutrient network, and mitochondrial biogenesis., CONCLUSIONS: Seven novel metabolites were identified to be associated with BP at the end of different dietary interventions. The beneficial effects of protein interventions might be mediated through specific metabolic pathways.
An examination of the impact of unmelted, melted, and deconstructed cheese on lipid metabolism: a 6-week randomised trial.; Background: Evidence suggests cheese has a favourable or neutral effect on cardiometabolic health, compared to butter. To date, studies have only considered the cheese matrix in its unmelted form, while the effect of melted cheese remains unknown. Objective: To test the effect of 6-week daily consumption of ~40 g dairy fat, eaten in either as unmelted cheese, melted cheese, or in a fully deconstructed form, on markers of metabolic health in overweight adults aged >=50 years of age. Design: A 6-week randomised parallel intervention, where 162 participants (43.3% male) received ~40 g of dairy fat per day, in 1 of 3 treatments: (A) 120 g full-fat Irish grass-fed cheddar cheese, eaten in unmelted form (n 58); (B) 120 g full-fat Irish grass-fed cheddar cheese eaten in melted form (n 53); or (C) the equivalent components; butter (49 g), calcium caseinate powder (30 g), and Ca supplement (CaCO3; 500 mg) (n 51). Results: There was no difference in weight, fasting glucose, or insulin between the groups post-intervention. Melted cheese, compared to unmelted cheese, increased total cholesterol (0.23 +/- 0.79 mmol L-1vs. 0.02 +/- 0.67 mmol L-1, P = 0.008) and triglyceride concentrations (0.17 +/- 0.39 mmol L-1vs. 0.00 +/- 0.42 mmol L-1, P = 0.016). Melted cheese increased total cholesterol concentrations by 0.20 +/- 0.15 mmol L-1 and triglyceride concentrations by 0.17 +/- 0.08 mmol L-1 compared to unmelted cheese. No significant differences were observed between the cheese forms for change in HDL, LDL or VLDL cholesterol. Conclusion: Compared to unmelted cheese, melted cheese was found to increase total cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations in middle-aged, overweight adults with no effect on weight or glycaemic control.
Effect of dairy products fortified with vitamin d3 on restless legs syndrome in women with premenstrual syndrome, abdominal obesity and vitamin d deficiency: a pilot study.; BACKGROUNDS: Restless legs syndrome (RLS) is an unpleasant condition that affects the quality of life of patients. Its prevalence in increased in women with premenstrual syndrome (PMS). Vitamin D plays a key role in female reproduction through its impact on calcium homeostasis and neurotransmitters. We aimed to evaluate the effect of dairy products fortified with Vitamin D3 on RLS in women with PMS., MATERIALS AND METHODS: We conducted a 2.5-month, randomized, total-blinded clinical trial to evaluate the effectiveness of low-fat milk and yogurt fortified with vitamin D on RLS in women with PMS. Among 141 middle-aged women with abdominal obesity, 71 and 70 cases received fortified and non-fortified low-fat dairy products, respectively. All subjects completed a Symptoms Screening Tool (PSST) and RLS questionnaires., RESULTS: The results showed that in the women with severe PMS (PSST > 28), serum levels of vitamin D increased significantly following vitamin D fortification. The mean restless legs score in the severe PMS subgroup (PSST > 28) was significantly lower after the intervention (p < 0.05. Serum Vitamin D levels significantly differed between intervention and control groups in all individuals (PSST < 19, PSST 19-28, and PSST > 28) (p < 0.05), but no significant differences were found between RLS scores of the intervention and control groups in the three PMS subgroups (p > 0.05)., CONCLUSION: Fortifying dairy products with vitamin D3 can increase the serum levels of vitamin D and reduce the RLS severity in women with severe PMS, but not in other groups. Copyright © 2024. The Author(s).
Increased calcium intake from skimmed milk in energy-restricted diets reduces glycation markers in adults with type 2 diabetes and overweight: A secondary analysis of a randomized clinical trial.; The effect of calcium (Ca) on glycation markers is unknown. We hypothesized that increased Ca intake from skimmed milk associated with an energy-restricted diet intake will reduce glycation markers. This reduction will be associated with a greater improvement in markers of metabolic control in adults with type 2 diabetes, overweight, and low habitual Ca intake (<600 mg/d). In this secondary data analysis based on a crossover clinical trial, 14 adults were allocated into 2 groups: high calcium (shake containing 700 mg Ca/day) or low calcium (shake with 6.4 mg Ca/day), for 12 consecutive weeks per session. Energy-restricted diets were also prescribed (-500 kcal/d, 800 mg of dietary Ca/d) to all participants. Advanced glycation end products (AGEs), soluble receptor for AGEs (sRAGE), glycemic control, and lipid profile were assessed at baseline and after 12 weeks. High-calcium serum AGE concentrations and AGE/sRAGE ratio were lower at the end of the study. DELTAAGE and DELTAAGE/sRAGE ratio were both positively associated with DELTAtriglycerides, DELTAtotal cholesterol, DELTAtriglyceride-glucose index and variations, and DELTAvisceral adiposity index. DELTAAGE/sRAGE was positively associated with DELTAfructosamine and DELTAhigh-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, and negatively associated with male sex. Consumption of approximately 1200 mg/day of calcium (3 servings of skim milk) reduced serum AGEs concentrations and the AGE/sRAGE ratio in individuals with diabetes. In general, positive changes in glycation markers are associated with lipid profile, insulin resistance, and adiposity markers worsening. DELTAAGEs/DELTAsRAGE ratio seems to be a better marker of metabolic status than DELTAAGEs and DELTAsRAGE alone. Registered in ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02377076). Copyright © 2024 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Comparison of the impact of saturated fat from full-fat yogurt or low-fat yogurt and butter on cardiometabolic factors: a randomized cross-over trial.; PURPOSE: Dairy foods are often a major contributor to dietary saturated fatty acids (SFA) intake. However, different SFA-rich foods may not have the same effects on cardiovascular risk factors. We compared full-fat yogurt with low-fat yogurt and butter for their effects on cardiometabolic risk factors in healthy individuals., METHODS: Randomized, two-period crossover trial conducted from October 2022 to April 2023 among 30 healthy men and women (15 to receive full-fat yogurt first, and 15 to receive low-fat yogurt and butter first). Participants consumed a diet with 1.5-2 servings of full-fat (4%) yogurt or low-fat (< 1.5) yogurt and 10-15 g of butter per day for 4 weeks, with 4 weeks wash-out when they consumed 1.5-2 servings of low-fat milk. At baseline, and the end of each 4 weeks, fasting blood samples were drawn and plasma lipids, glycemic and inflammatory markers as well as expression of some genes in the blood buffy coats fraction were determined., RESULTS: All 30 participants completed the two periods of the study. Apolipoprotein B was higher for the low-fat yogurt and butter [changes from baseline, + 10.06 (95%CI 4.64 to 15.47)] compared with the full-fat yogurt [-4.27 (95%CI, -11.78 to 3.23)] and the difference between two treatment periods was statistically significant (p = 0.004). Non-high-density lipoprotein increased for the low-fat yogurt and butter [change, + 5.06 (95%CI (-1.56 to 11.69) compared with the full-fat yogurt [change, - 4.90 (95%CI, -11.61 to 1.81), with no significant difference between two periods (p = 0.056). There were no between-period differences in other plasma lipid, insulin, and inflammatory biomarkers or leukocyte gene expression of ATP-binding cassette transporter 1 and CD36., CONCLUSION: This study suggests that short-term intake of SFAs from full-fat yogurt compared to intake from butter and low-fat yogurt has fewer adverse effects on plasma lipid profile., CLINICALTRIALS: GOV: NCT05589350, 10/15/2022. Copyright © 2024. The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany.
Clinical and Ultrasound Efficacy of Topical Hypertonic Cream (Jovita Osmocell R) in the Treatment of Cellulite: A Prospective, Monocentric, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study.; Background and Objectives:  Cellulite, or edemato-fibro-sclerotic panniculopathy (EFP), is characterized by dermal and hypodermal changes leading to adipose tissue accumulation and compromised venous circulation. This study investigates the efficacy of a hypertonic cream containing concentrated sodium chloride (Jovita Osmocell R) in addressing water retention and structural alterations in adipose tissue, aiming to interrupt the cellulite formation process. Materials and Methods: A 12-week, prospective, monocentric, double-blind, placebo-controlled study enrolled 30 female subjects with grade II or III cellulite. Patients were randomized to receive hypertonic cream or a placebo. Thigh circumference, ultrasound evaluations, and standardized photographs were collected at baseline, intermediate, and endpoint visits. Adverse events were monitored. Results: After 84 days, the hypertonic cream group exhibited a significant reduction in thigh circumference compared to the placebo group (p = 0.0037). B-mode ultrasound examinations revealed significant changes in the parameters studied, such as the thickness of the subcutaneous tissue. No statistically significant changes were noticed in the placebo group. Volunteers reported the investigational product's pleasantness and good anti-cellulite activity, with no reported adverse events. Conclusions: The hypertonic cream demonstrated efficacy in reducing thigh circumference, addressing water retention and structural alterations in adipose tissue. The proposed mechanism involves osmosis, releasing accumulated fluids between fat cells, supporting drainage, and reducing inflammation. This study supports the efficacy and safety of hypertonic sodium chloride emulsions in cellulite treatment and confirms safety and user satisfaction.
Efficacy of an aloe vera, chamomile, and thyme cosmetic cream for the prophylaxis and treatment of mild dermatitis induced by radiation therapy in breast cancer patients: a controlled clinical trial (Alantel Trials).; BACKGROUND: Dermatitis is a skin condition caused by multiple causes, including radiotherapy treatment. Pharmacological treatments can become chronic and are not exempt from side effects. The latest recommendations of the American Academy of Dermatology establish the use of natural, nourishing, and moisturizing cosmetic products as prevention and the first therapeutic step for dermatitis. Alantel R is a cream developed to reduce redness and irritation, promote the local immune system, combat immunosenescence, and promote the healing of epidermal lesions. The objective was to evaluate the effect of a cream (Alantel) based on natural products at high concentrations for the preventive and curative treatment (at early stages) of radiation-induced dermatitis in patients with breast cancer., METHODS: Our protocol is an experimental, prospective, triple-blind, multicenter, controlled clinical trial with two parallel arms. The experimental group will be treated with Alantel, while the control group will receive another moisturizing cream. Radiotherapy oncology professionals will recruit a total of 88 patients (44 per comparison group) with breast cancer who will receive radiotherapy oncology treatment for 15 days, and they will be randomly allocated to the experimental or control group. Selected patients will be followed up for four visits by primary care physicians for up to 1 week after completion of radiotherapy. The main study variable will be the incidence rate of mild post-radiation dermatitis. An intention-to-treat analysis will be performed, applying a comparison test for independent means and proportions. A bivariate and multivariate analysis will also be developed to check the treatment effect, adjusting for predictive sociodemographic and clinical variables., DISCUSSION: By carrying out this clinical trial, it is expected to verify that Alantel cream, based on natural products at high concentrations, has advantages over a moisturizing cream for the preventive and curative treatment of RD in patients with breast cancer. The COVID-19 pandemic has been influenced by delaying the start of the study. One of the main limitations of this study will be the time required to recruit the patients from the planned sample, given that the selection criteria are restrictive and, although the study is multicenter, recruitment will be coordinated through a single service on radiotherapy oncology., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT04116151 . Registered on 4 October 2019. Copyright © 2024. The Author(s).
Safety and Suitability of Infant Formula Manufactured from Extensively Hydrolyzed Whey Protein Compared to Intact Protein: A Combined Analysis of Two Randomized Controlled Studies.; Our aim was to assess the nutritional safety and suitability of an infant formula manufactured from extensively hydrolyzed protein in comparison to infant formula manufactured from intact protein (both with low and standard protein content). We performed a combined analysis of raw data from two randomized infant feeding studies. An analysis of covariance (ANCOVA) model was used to determine the non-inferiority of daily weight gain (primary outcome; margin -3 g/day), with the intervention group as a fixed factor and geographic region, sex, and baseline weight as covariates (main model). The data of 346 infants exposed to the formula were included in the analysis. The sample size of the per-protocol analysis with 184 infants was too small to achieve sufficient statistical power. The lower limit of the 97.5% confidence interval (-0.807) of the mean group difference in daily weight gain (i.e., 2.22 g/day) was above the -3 g/day margin (full analysis set). Further anthropometric parameters did not differ between the infant formula groups throughout the study. Growth was comparable to breastfed infants. We conclude that the infant formula manufactured from extensively hydrolyzed protein meets infant requirements for adequate growth and does not raise any safety concerns.
Acute Antiplatelet Effects of an Oleocanthal-Rich Olive Oil in Type II Diabetic Patients: A Postprandial Study.; Postprandial dysmetabolism is a common entity of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and may act as a daily stressor of the already dysfunctional diabetic platelets. This study aims to investigate whether oleocanthal-rich olive oils (OO), incorporated into a carbohydrate-rich meal, can affect postprandial dysmetabolism and platelet aggregation. Oleocanthal is a cyclooxygenase inhibitor with putative antiplatelet properties. In this randomized, single-blinded, crossover study, ten T2DM patients consumed five isocaloric meals containing 120 g white bread combined with: (i) 39 g butter, (ii) 39 g butter and 400 mg ibuprofen, (iii) 40 mL OO (phenolic content < 10 mg/Kg), (iv) 40 mL OO with 250 mg/Kg oleocanthal and (v) 40 mL OO with 500 mg/Kg oleocanthal. Metabolic markers along with ex vivo ADP- and thrombin receptor-activating peptide (TRAP)-induced platelet aggregation were measured before and for 4 h after the meals. The glycemic and lipidemic response was similar between meals. However, a sustained (90-240 min) dose-dependent reduction in platelets' sensitivity to both ADP (50-100%) and TRAP (20-50%) was observed after the oleocanthal meals in comparison to OO or butter meals. The antiplatelet effect of the OO containing 500 mg/Kg oleocanthal was comparable to that of the ibuprofen meal. In conclusion, the consumption of meals containing oleocanthal-rich OO can reduce platelet activity during the postprandial period, irrespective of postprandial hyperglycemia and lipidemia.
Growth and body composition of infants born moderate-to-late preterm fed a protein- and mineral-enriched postdischarge formula compared with a standard term formula until 6 months corrected age, a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Infants born moderate-to-late preterm (i.e., 32 wk-35 wk 6 d gestation) are, analogous to those born very preterm, at risk of later obesity, hypertension, and diabetes. Appropriate early life nutrition is key for ensuring optimal growth and body composition, thereby mitigating potential cardiometabolic risks., OBJECTIVES: We aimed to compare growth and body composition between infants born moderate-to-late preterm fed isocaloric but protein- and mineral-enriched postdischarge formula (PDF) or standard term formula (STF) until 6 mo corrected age (CA; i.e., after term equivalent age [TEA])., METHODS: After enrollment (<=7 d postpartum), infants received PDF if (fortified) mother's own milk (MOM) was insufficient. At TEA, those receiving >25% of intake as formula were randomized to either continue the same PDF (n = 47) or switch to STF (n = 50); those receiving >=75% of intake as MOM (n = 60) served as references. At TEA and 6 mo CA, we assessed anthropometry and body composition using both dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry (DXA) and air displacement plethysmography (ADP)., RESULTS: Feeding groups had similar gestational age (median [25th percentile;75th percentile]: 34.3 [33.5; 35.1] wk), birthweight (mean +/- standard deviation [SD]: 2175 +/- 412 g), anthropometry, and body composition at TEA. At 6 mo CA, infants fed PDF had slightly, but significantly, greater length (67.6 +/- 2.5 and 66.9 +/- 2.6 cm, P < 0.05) and larger head circumference (43.9 +/- 1.3 and 43.4 +/- 1.5 cm, P < 0.05) compared to infants fed STF. Also, infants fed PDF had higher lean mass (LM) and bone mineral content estimated by DXA (4772 +/- 675 and 4502 +/- 741 g; 140 +/- 20 and 131 +/- 23 g, respectively; P < 0.05). ADP estimates, however, were not statistically different between feeding groups., CONCLUSIONS: Infants born moderate-to-late preterm demonstrated modest increases in length, head circumference, LM, and bone mineral content when fed PDF compared to STF for 6 mo after TEA. This trial was registered at the International Clinical Trial Registry Platform as NTR5117 and NTR NL4979. Copyright © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The effects of replacing ghee with rapeseed oil on liver steatosis and enzymes, lipid profile, insulin resistance and anthropometric measurements in patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a randomised controlled clinical trial.; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), which is a prevalent hepatic condition worldwide, is expected to develop into the leading reason for end-stage fatty liver in the forthcoming decades. Incorporating rapeseed oil into a balanced diet may be beneficial in improving NAFLD. The goal of this trial was to evaluate the impact of substituting ghee with rapeseed oil on primary outcomes such as fatty liver and liver enzymes, as well as on secondary outcomes including glycaemic variables, lipid profile and anthropometric measurements in individuals with NAFLD. Over 12 weeks, 110 patients (seventy men and forty women; BMI (mean) 28.2 (sd 1.6 kg/m2); mean age 42 (sd 9.6) years), who daily consumed ghee, were assigned to the intervention or control group through random allocation. The intervention group was advised to substitute ghee with rapeseed oil in the same amount. The control group continued the consumption of ghee and was instructed to adhere to a healthy diet. Results showed a significant reduction in the steatosis in the intervention group in comparison with the control group (P < 0.001). However, a significant change in the levels of alanine aminotransferase (-14.4 mug/l), gamma-glutamyl transferase (-1.8 mug/l), TAG (-39.7 mg/dl), total cholesterol (-17.2 mg/dl), LDL (-7.5 mg/dl), fasting blood glucose (-7.5 mg/dl), insulin (-3.05 mU/l), Homeostatic Model Assessment for Insulin Resistance (-0.9), Quantitative Insulin-Sensitivity Check Index (+0.01), weight (-4.3 kg), BMI (-0.04 kg/m2), waist (-5.6 cm) and waist:height ratio (-0.04) was seen in the intervention group. The consumption of rapeseed oil instead of ghee caused improvements in liver steatosis and enzymes, glycaemic variables and anthropometric measurements among individuals with NAFLD.
A Symbiotic Meal Containing Extruded Sorghum and Probiotic (Bifidobacterium longum) Ameliorated Intestinal Health Markers in Individuals with Chronic Kidney Disease: A Secondary Analysis of a Subsample from a Previous Randomized and Controlled Clinical Trial.; BACKGROUND: Chronic kidney disease increases uremic toxins concentrations, which have been associated with intestinal dysbiosis. Sorghum bicolor L. Moench has dietary fiber and bioactive compounds, while Bifidobacterium longum can promote beneficial health effects., METHODS: It is a controlled, randomized, and single-blind clinical trial. Thirty-nine subjects were randomly separated into two groups: symbiotic group (SG), which received 100 mL of unfermented probiotic milk with Bifidobacterium longum strain and 40 g of extruded sorghum flakes; and the control group (CG), which received 100 mL of pasteurized milk and 40 g of extruded corn flakes for seven weeks., RESULTS: The uremic toxins decreased, and gastrointestinal symptoms improved intragroup in the SG group. The acetic, propionic, and butyric acid production increased intragroup in the SG group. Regarding alpha-diversity, the Chao1 index was enhanced in the SG intragroup. The KEGG analysis revealed that symbiotic meal increased the intragroup energy and amino sugar metabolism, in addition to enabling essential amino acid production and metabolism, sucrose degradation, and the biosynthesis of ribonucleotide metabolic pathways., CONCLUSIONS: The consumption of symbiotic meal reduced BMI, improved short-chain fatty acid (SCFA) synthesis and gastrointestinal symptoms, increased diversity according to the Chao1 index, and reduced uremic toxins in chronic kidney disease patients.
Follow-up of a randomized trial optimizing neonatal nutrition in preterm very low birthweight infants: growth, serum adipokines, renal function and blood pressure.; OBJECTIVE: The primary objectives were to compare body mass index (BMI) Z-score (Z), systolic blood pressure (SBP), serum leptin:adiponectin (L:A) ratio and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) at ~3 years adjusted age between two arms of a randomized controlled trial (RCT) comparing two modes of human milk fortification for very low-birthweight infants in the neonatal intensive care unit., STUDY DESIGN: Follow-up of RCT at 33-48 months., RESULTS: Follow-up data are available in 82/120 infants. Infants in the experimental arm have anthropometric data consistent with central obesity and higher serum L:A ratio (sensitivity analysis adjusting for sex and using all available data), but have similar eGFR and SBP at follow-up compared with controls. Serum L:A ratio is strongly correlated with anthropometric measurements suggesting central obesity., CONCLUSIONS: Infants in the experimental arm have central obesity and higher serum L:A ratio compared with controls. Notably, serum L:A ratio is strongly correlated with weight gain., TRIAL REGISTRATION: This randomized controlled trial was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02372136. Copyright © 2023. The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature America, Inc.
A Randomized Single-Blinded Phase II Trial Comparing Efficacy and Quality of Life of Topical Aloe Vera Gel Plus Urea Cream Versus Urea Cream Alone for Prevention of Hand Foot Syndrome in Cancer Patients Receiving Capecitabine.; INTRODUCTION: Capecitabine has been widely prescribed to treat various cancers. The hand foot syndrome (HFS) is the most troublesome adverse effect. Urea cream has been pre-emptively co-prescribed, even though its efficacy is doubtful. Aloe vera gel with urea cream might potentiate each other. This trial was intended to prove the efficacy of this combination., MATERIALS AND METHODS: The investigators conducted a randomized single-blinded phase II study. The participants were randomized 1:1 to receive the combination of aloe vera gel and 10% urea cream (n = 30), the experimental A+U arm and 10% urea cream alone (n = 31), the U arm. The sample size was calculated to have 90% power to show the significant 20% reduction in the incidence of HFS grade 2-3 of the combination therapy with alpha level = 0.05. Both the CTCAE criteria version 5 and the dermatology life quality index (DLQI) were assessed to determine the severity of HFS and quality of life, respectively., RESULTS: Most of the participants had rectal cancer (A+U: 43.3%; U: 41.9%). In the A+U group, 86.7% had grade 0-1 HFS and 13.3% had grade 2-3 HFS. In the U group, 64.5% had grade 0-1 HFS and 35.5% had grade 2-3 HFS (Mann-Whitney U test, p = 0.045). Grade 2-3 HFS was significantly lower in the combination group., CONCLUSION: Combination of aloe vera gel and 10% urea cream ameliorated the severity of HFS in participants taking capecitabine; however, no significant difference in DLQI between the groups was demonstrated.
Neurodevelopmental Outcomes of Extremely Preterm Infants Fed Donor Milk or Preterm Infant Formula: A Randomized Clinical Trial.; Importance: Maternal milk feeding of extremely preterm infants during the birth hospitalization has been associated with better neurodevelopmental outcomes compared with preterm formula. For infants receiving no or minimal maternal milk, it is unknown whether donor human milk conveys similar neurodevelopmental advantages vs preterm formula., Objective: To determine if nutrient-fortified, pasteurized donor human milk improves neurodevelopmental outcomes at 22 to 26 months' corrected age compared with preterm infant formula among extremely preterm infants who received minimal maternal milk., Design, Setting, and Participants: Double-blind, randomized clinical trial conducted at 15 US academic medical centers within the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development Neonatal Research Network. Infants younger than 29 weeks 0 days' gestation or with a birth weight of less than 1000 g were enrolled between September 2012 and March 2019., Intervention: Preterm formula or donor human milk feeding from randomization to 120 days of age, death, or hospital discharge., Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary outcome was the Bayley Scales of Infant and Toddler Development (BSID) cognitive score measured at 22 to 26 months' corrected age; a score of 54 (score range, 54-155; a score of >=85 indicates no neurodevelopmental delay) was assigned to infants who died between randomization and 22 to 26 months' corrected age. The 24 secondary outcomes included BSID language and motor scores, in-hospital growth, necrotizing enterocolitis, and death., Results: Of 1965 eligible infants, 483 were randomized (239 in the donor milk group and 244 in the preterm formula group); the median gestational age was 26 weeks (IQR, 25-27 weeks), the median birth weight was 840 g (IQR, 676-986 g), and 52% were female. The birthing parent's race was self-reported as Black for 52% (247/478), White for 43% (206/478), and other for 5% (25/478). There were 54 infants who died prior to follow-up; 88% (376/429) of survivors were assessed at 22 to 26 months' corrected age. The adjusted mean BSID cognitive score was 80.7 (SD, 17.4) for the donor milk group vs 81.1 (SD, 16.7) for the preterm formula group (adjusted mean difference, -0.77 [95% CI, -3.93 to 2.39], which was not significant); the adjusted mean BSID language and motor scores also did not differ. Mortality (death prior to follow-up) was 13% (29/231) in the donor milk group vs 11% (25/233) in the preterm formula group (adjusted risk difference, -1% [95% CI, -4% to 2%]). Necrotizing enterocolitis occurred in 4.2% of infants (10/239) in the donor milk group vs 9.0% of infants (22/244) in the preterm formula group (adjusted risk difference, -5% [95% CI, -9% to -2%]). Weight gain was slower in the donor milk group (22.3 g/kg/d [95% CI, 21.3 to 23.3 g/kg/d]) compared with the preterm formula group (24.6 g/kg/d [95% CI, 23.6 to 25.6 g/kg/d])., Conclusions and Relevance: Among extremely preterm neonates fed minimal maternal milk, neurodevelopmental outcomes at 22 to 26 months' corrected age did not differ between infants fed donor milk or preterm formula., Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT01534481.
Feasibility and acceptability of miracle fruit application prior to the consumption of sour-tasting foods as a weight-loss strategy in adults with diabetes or prediabetes: A randomized crossover trial.; Miracle fruit (MF) has emerged as a promising option for healthy noncaloric sweeteners due to its sour-to-sweet taste-modifying effects and high antioxidant activity. We aimed to examine the feasibility and acceptability of using MF as a weight-loss strategy for individuals with diabetes or prediabetes. Fifty Korean-American men and women (25 participants each) aged 45-75 years with diabetes or prediabetes were recruited in this study. They participated in a randomized placebo-controlled crossover trial where they took the assigned tablet (either an MF tablet or a placebo-sugar candy) 10 min before consuming food. Using a 9-point hedonic scale, participants assessed the likings of overall, flavor, texture, and aftertaste for green apples, goat cheese, lemonade, pickles, and plain fat-free yogurt before and 10 min after taking the assigned tablet. Additionally, overall liking for meals and calorie intake were assessed during subsequent ad libitum meal sessions. An ANOVA for a crossover design, and independent and paired t-tests were used to compare the outcomes. The results revealed that all postintervention liking values for sour-tasting foods were higher than the respective preintervention liking values for both interventions. However, the MF intervention showed significantly higher pre-post differences in liking for all sour-tasting foods and the overall liking values for breakfast and dinner compared to the placebo intervention (P < 0.001). Furthermore, the MF intervention resulted in a significantly lower calorie intake for each meal than the placebo (P < 0.001). These findings suggest that MF intervention can be considered a viable weight-loss strategy for individuals with diabetes. Copyright © 2023 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Efficacy, Safety, and Long-Term Disease Control of Ruxolitinib Cream Among Adolescents with Atopic Dermatitis: Pooled Results from Two Randomized Phase 3 Studies.; BACKGROUND: Atopic dermatitis (AD), a highly pruritic, inflammatory skin disease, affects approximately 7% of adolescents globally. A topical formulation of ruxolitinib, a Janus kinase (JAK) 1/JAK2 inhibitor, demonstrated safety and efficacy among adolescents/adults in two phase 3 studies (TRuE-AD1/TRuE-AD2)., OBJECTIVE: To describe safety and efficacy of 1.5% ruxolitinib cream versus vehicle and long-term disease control of ruxolitinib cream among adolescents aged 12-17 years from pooled phase 3 study data., METHODS: Patients [>= 12 years old with AD for >= 2 years, Investigator's Global Assessment score (IGA) 2/3, and 3-20% affected body surface area (BSA) at baseline] were randomized 2:2:1 to ruxolitinib cream (0.75%/1.5%) or vehicle for 8 weeks of continuous use followed by a long-term safety (LTS) period up to 52 weeks with as-needed use. Patients originally applying vehicle were rerandomized 1:1 to 0.75%/1.5% ruxolitinib cream. Efficacy measures at week 8 included IGA treatment success (IGA-TS; i.e., score of 0/1 with >= 2 grade improvement from baseline), >= 75% improvement in Eczema Area and Severity Index (EASI-75), and >= 4-point improvement in itch numerical rating scale (NRS4). Measures of disease control during the LTS period included IGA score of 0 (clear) or 1 (almost clear) and percentage affected BSA. Safety was assessed throughout the study., RESULTS: Of 1249 randomized patients, 245 (19.6%) were aged 12-17 years. Of these, 45 patients were randomized to vehicle and 92 patients to 1.5% ruxolitinib cream. A total of 104/137 (75.9%) patients continued on 1.5% ruxolitinib cream in the LTS period [82/92 (89.1%) continued on 1.5% ruxolitinib cream; 22/45 (48.9%) patients on vehicle were reassigned to 1.5% ruxolitinib cream], and 83/104 (79.8%) of these patients completed the LTS period. At week 8, substantially more patients who applied 1.5% ruxolitinib cream versus vehicle achieved IGA-TS (50.6% versus 14.0%), EASI-75 (60.9% versus 34.9%), and NRS4 (52.1% versus 17.4%; P = 0.009). The mean (SD) reduction in itch NRS scores was significantly greater in patients applying 1.5% ruxolitinib cream versus vehicle from day 2 [- 0.9 (1.9) versus -0.2 (1.4); P = 0.03]. During the LTS period, mean (SD) trough steady-state ruxolitinib plasma concentrations at weeks 12/52 were 27.2 (55.7)/15.5 (31.5) nM. The percentage of patients achieving IGA score of 0 or 1 was sustained or further increased with 1.5% ruxolitinib cream; mean affected BSA was generally low (< 3%; i.e., mild disease). Through 52 weeks, application site reactions occurred in 1.8% of adolescent patients applying 1.5% ruxolitinib cream at any time; no patients had serious adverse events. There were no serious infections, malignancies, major adverse cardiovascular events, or thromboembolic events., CONCLUSIONS: Meaningful anti-inflammatory and antipruritic effects were demonstrated with 1.5% ruxolitinib cream in the subset of adolescent patients with AD, comparable with those observed in the overall study population; long-term, as-needed use maintained disease control and was well tolerated., CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov identifiers NCT03745638 (registered 19 November 2018) and NCT03745651 (registered 19 November 2018). Copyright © 2024. The Author(s).
The effect of developmental care on the length of hospital stay and family centered care practice for very low birth weight infants in neonatal intensive care units: A cluster randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Despite previous studies suggesting that developmental care can provide benign stimulation to promote neural development of newborns, more evidence is needed regarding the other clinical benefits of developmental care., OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effect of implementing developmental care on the length of hospital stay, the improvement of care practice in neonatal intensive care units, as well as the short-term outcome of very low birth weight infants., DESIGN: Cluster-randomized controlled trial., SETTING(S) AND PARTICIPANTS: From March 1, 2021 to March 1, 2022, 1400 very low birth weight infants were recruited from 14 tertiary neonatal intensive care units in China., METHODS: We assigned 14 neonatal intensive care units to either developmental care or standard care. The length of hospital stay of the infants was the primary outcome analyzed at the individual level. Secondary outcomes were family centered care practice including parental involvement, the skin to skin care, exclusive breast milk, oral immune therapy and breastfeeding. The environmental management (noise and light) and the short-term outcomes were also evaluated., RESULTS: The length of hospital stay for the developmental care group was 65% as long as that for the control group (HR: 0.65, 95% CI, 0.451-0936, p=0.021). After controlling the covariables, the adjusted HR=0.755 (95% CI, 0.515 to 1.107, p=0.150). When compared to the control group, the developmental care group had greater access to SSC, with 22 infants (3.8%) in the developmental care group compared to 13 infants (1.7%) in the standard care group (p=0.013). A greater proportion of infants in the developmental care group were fed at the breast, than those in the standard care group (136 [23.6%] vs 9 [1.1%]; p=0.029). Compared to the control group, exclusively breast milk was significantly more favorable in the developmental care group (435 [75.6%] vs 114 [15.0%]; p=0.001). The difference remained significant even after adjusting for covariates. However, the rate of oral immune therapy and parental involvement was similar in the two groups. The average noise and light levels in the developmental care group were significantly lower than those in the standard care group. After adjusting for confounders, the difference remained significant. There were no significant differences among groups in the mortality and major morbidity., CONCLUSIONS: Developmental care might have developed an accumulated effect over time on the length of hospital stay among very low birth weight infants. The implementation of developmental care can greatly improve family centered care practices and the neonatal intensive care unit environment., REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.govNCT05166720. Registration date: 1 March, 2021. Copyright © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd.. All rights reserved.
Efficacy and safety of 0.5% colchicine cream versus 5% 5-fluorouracil cream in the treatment of cutaneous field cancerization: a randomized clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: 5-Fluorouracil (5-FU) is a first-line drug to treat cutaneous field cancerization (CFC). There are few clinical trials with topical colchicine (COL)., OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effectiveness of 0.5% COL cream versus 5% 5-FU cream in the treatment of CFC., METHOD: This was a randomized, open, self-controlled clinical trial. Forty-five patients (90 forearms), with three to ten actinic keratoses (AK) on each forearm, used 0.5% COL cream 2x/day for seven days on one forearm, and 5% 5-FU cream 2x /day, for 21 days, on the other forearm. The dosages were defined based on previous clinical trials for each drug. Adverse effects were evaluated after 14 days and outcomes after 90 days of inclusion. The primary outcome was complete AK clearance and the secondary outcomes were: partial clearance (>=50%), reduction in AK count, assessment of the Forearm Photoaging Scale (FPS), AK Severity Score (AKSS), and adverse effects., RESULTS: After 90 days, there was complete clearance of AK in 37% (95% CI 24%-49%) and partial clearance in 85% (95% CI 76%-93%) of the forearms treated with 5-FU,versus 17% (95% CI 7%-27%) and 78% (95% CI 66%-88%) for COL (p > 0.07). There was a percentage reduction of 75% in the AK count of the forearms treated with 5-FU (95% CI 66%-83%) and 64% in those treated with COL (95% CI 55%-72%). Regarding FPS and AKSS, there was improvement in both groups, with no difference regarding FPS (p = 0.654), and 5-FU superiority for AKSS (p = 0.012)., STUDY LIMITATIONS: Single-center study., CONCLUSIONS: 5-FU and COL are effective for treating CFC, with neither showing superiority regarding the reduction in AK counts. Copyright © 2024 Sociedade Brasileira de Dermatologia. Published by Elsevier Espana, S.L.U. All rights reserved.
The efficiency of cabergoline vs pyridoxine for lactation inhibition-a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Some mothers may seek lactation inhibition on personal, social, or medical grounds. The common drug used for lactation inhibition is cabergoline. Several adverse effects and contraindications are known for this drug. Its use is contraindicated for patients with hypertensive disorders and fibrotic, cardiac, or hepatic diseases. In addition, pyridoxine (vitamin B6) has been used for this indication, with no significant adverse effect, following studies that demonstrated its efficacy., OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to compare the efficiency of cabergoline vs pyridoxine for lactation inhibition., STUDY DESIGN: A randomized controlled trial was conducted. Postpartum patients who requested lactation inhibition were randomly allocated to receive either cabergoline (1 mg once on postpartum day 1 or divided to 0.25 mg twice a day for 2 days thereafter, according to the departmental protocol, which is in line with the manufacturer recommendations) or pyridoxine (200 mg 3 times a day for 7 days). The patients enrolled were free of diseases in which contraindications to cabergoline are present. All patients completed a questionnaire for assessing breast engorgement, breast pain, and milk leakage on a scale of 0 (no symptom) to 5 (severe symptom) on days 0, 2, 7, and 14. The primary outcome was lactation inhibition success, defined as a score of 0 for both engorgement and pain on day 7. The secondary outcomes included the assessment of milk leakage, adverse effects, fever, mastitis, and treatment discontinuation or alteration., RESULTS: Of note, 45 and 43 patients received cabergoline or pyridoxine, respectively, and were included in the analysis following the intention-to-treat principle. Cabergoline was superior to pyridoxine in inhibiting lactation at day 7 (78% vs 35%, respectively; P<.0001). Mild symptoms, defined as a score of 0 to 2 for breast engorgement and pain, at day 7 were 40 (89%) in the cabergoline group and 29 (67%) in the pyridoxine group (P=.01). The incidence of milk leakage was lower in the cabergoline group after 7 and 14 days than in the pyridoxine group (9% vs 42% [P=.0003] and 11% vs 31% [P=.02], respectively). Cabergoline had more adverse effects than pyridoxine (31% vs 9%, respectively; P=.01), but all adverse effects were mild. The rates of mastitis and fever that were related to engorgement were similar in the cabergoline and pyridoxine groups (4 [9%] vs 2 [5%], respectively; P=.67). Furthermore, 9 patients (21%) in the pyridoxine group switched to or added cabergoline because of treatment failure. Accordingly, on day 7, the pyridoxine success rate was reduced from 35% (15 women) to 28% (12 women) and from 67% (29 women) to 53% (23 women) for a score of 0 and 0 to 2 for both engorgement and pain, respectively., CONCLUSION: Cabergoline was superior to pyridoxine in inhibiting lactation. Cabergoline had more adverse effects, but no major adverse effect was documented in either treatment group. As pyridoxine inhibited lactation successfully in previous studies and in 67% of patients in this study, its use should be considered in women with contraindications for cabergoline. Copyright © 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of resistance exercise and whey protein supplementation on cognitive function in older men: secondary analysis of a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.; PURPOSE: Ageing is associated with cognitive decline. This study investigated the individual and combined effects of resistance exercise (RE) and whey protein supplementation (PRO) on cognitive function in older men., METHODS: In a pooled-groups analysis, 36 older men (age: 67 +/- 4 years) were randomised to either RE (2 x/week; n = 18) or no exercise (NE; n = 18), and either PRO (2 x 25 g/d whey protein isolate; n = 18) or control (CON, 2 x 23.75 g maltodextrin/d; n = 18). A sub-analysis was also conducted between RE + CON (n = 9) and RE + PRO (n = 9). At baseline and 12 weeks, participants completed a battery of neuropsychological tests (CANTAB; Cambridge Cognition, UK) and neurobiological, inflammatory, salivary cortisol and insulin sensitivity biomarkers were quantified., RESULTS: PRO improved executive function z-score (+0.31 +/- 0.08) greater than CON (+0.06 +/- 0.08, P = 0.03) and there was a trend towards improved global cognitive function (P = 0.053). RE and RE + PRO did not improve any cognitive function domains (p >= 0.07). RE decreased tumor necrosis factor-alpha (P = 0.02) and interleukin-6 (P = 0.048) concentrations compared to NE, but changes in biomarkers did not correlate with changes in cognitive domains. Muscle strength (r = 0.34, P = 0.045) and physical function (rho = 0.35-0.51, P < 0.05) outcomes positively correlated with cognitive function domains at baseline, but only DELTAskeletal muscle index correlated with DELTAepisodic memory (r = 0.34, P = 0.046) following the intervention., CONCLUSION: In older men, PRO improved cognitive function, most notably executive functioning. RE did not improve any cognitive function domains but did decrease biomarkers of systemic inflammation. No synergistic effects were observed. Copyright © 2024 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial Evaluating the Effect of Topical Urea for Secondary Prophylaxis of Hand Foot Skin Reaction in Renal Cell Cancer Patients on Sunitinib Therapy.; INTRODUCTION: Hand foot skin reaction (HFSR) is a common dose-limiting adverse effect of multi kinase inhibitors (MKI) whose mechanism is not fully understood, and the prophylaxis is inadequate., OBJECTIVE: In this pilot study, a double-blind, randomized placebo-controlled trial was conducted to evaluate the effect of topical urea in secondary prevention of sunitinib-induced HFSR in renal cell cancer patients., METHODS: Out of 55 screened patients, 14 were randomized to receive topical urea or placebo for four weeks. The association of HFSR with drug levels of sunitinib and its metabolite (n-desethyl sunitinib), genetic polymorphism of VEGFR2 gene, quality of life (QOL) and biochemical markers was also assessed., RESULTS: The results showed that urea-based cream was not superior to placebo (P = .075). There was no change in the QOL in both the groups. Single nucleotide polymorphism was checked for two nucleotides rs1870377 and rs2305948 located in VEGFR2 gene on chromosome 4. SNP (variant T > A) at rs1870377 was associated with appearance of new HFSR as compared to the wild type, although the association was not statistically significant (OR 0.714). There was no statistically significant difference between mean plasma levels of sunitinib and N-desethyl sunitinib in urea arm as compared to placebo arm as compared to placebo. The best fit population pharmacokinetic model for sunitinib was one compartment model with first order absorption and linear elimination. The median (IQR) of population parameters calculated from the population pharmacokinetics model for Ka, V and Cl was 0.22 (0.21-0.24) h-1, 4.4 (4.09-4.47) L, 0.049 (0.042-0.12) L/hr, respectively., CONCLUSION: The study suggested that the urea-based cream was not superior to placebo in decreasing the appearance of new HFSR in renal cancer patients receiving 4:2 regimen of sunitinib. Copyright © 2024. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Infant Milk Formula with Large, Milk Phospholipid-coated Lipid Droplets Enriched in Dairy Lipids Affects Body Mass Index Trajectories and Blood Pressure at School Age: Follow-up of a Randomized Controlled Trial.; BACKGROUND: Human milk comprises large fat globules enveloped by a native phospholipid membrane, whereas infant formulas contain small, protein-coated lipid droplets. Previous experimental studies indicated that mimicking the architecture of human milk lipid droplets in infant milk formula (IMF) alters lipid metabolism with lasting beneficial impact on later metabolic health., OBJECTIVES: To evaluate in a follow-up (FU) study of a randomized, controlled trial whether a Concept IMF with large, milk phospholipid-coated lipid droplets enriched with dairy lipids beneficially impacts long-term body mass index (BMI in kg/m2) trajectories and blood pressure at school age., METHODS: Fully formula-fed infants were randomly assigned to Concept IMF (n = 115) or Control IMF with conventional, small lipid droplets containing vegetable oils (n = 108) for the first 4 mo of age. A group of 88 breastfed infants served as a reference. During FU, anthropometrics were collected at 1, 3, 4, and 5 y of age, and blood pressure only at the last visit., RESULTS: Compared to Control, Concept group children had consistently lower mean BMI values during FU, with the most marked difference at 1 y of age (difference in means -0.71 kg/m2, 95% confidence interval (CI): -1.13, -0.29; P = 0.001); mean values were close to the breastfed group (P > 0.05). Contrary, the mean BMI values of the Control group were higher compared with the breastfed group during FU from 1 to 5 y of age (differences in means from 0.59 to 0.96 kg/m2, respectively; P < 0.02). At 5 y of age, the Concept group had a lower mean diastolic and arterial blood pressure compared with the Control group; -4.3mm Hg (95% CI: -7.3, -1.3; P = 0.005) and -3.7 mm Hg (95% CI: -6.5, -0.9; P = 0.01), respectively., CONCLUSIONS: Early life feeding of an innovative IMF with large, milk phospholipid-coated lipid droplets enriched with dairy lipids results in a BMI trajectory closer to breastfed infants and a lower blood pressure at school age. This trial was registered at the Dutch Trial Register as NTR3683 and NTR5538. Copyright © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Improved breast milk proteome coverage by DIA based LC-MS/MS method.; The breast milk composition includes a multitude of bioactive factors such as viable cells, lipids and proteins. Measuring the levels of specific proteins in breast milk plasma can be challenging because of the large dynamic range of protein concentrations and the presence of interfering substances. Therefore, most proteomic studies of breast milk have been able to identify under 1000 proteins. Optimised procedures and the latest separation technologies used in milk proteome research could lead to more precise knowledge of breast milk proteome. This study (n = 53) utilizes three different protein quantification methods, including direct DIA, library-based DIA method and a hybrid method combining direct DIA and library-based DIA. On average we identified 2400 proteins by hybrid method. By applying these methods, we quantified body mass index (BMI) associated variation in breast milk proteomes. There were 210 significantly different proteins when comparing the breast milk proteome of obese and overweight mothers. In addition, we analysed a small cohort (n = 5, randomly selected from 53 samples) by high field asymmetric waveform ion mobility spectrometry (FAIMS). FAIMS coupled with the Orbitrap Fusion Lumos mass spectrometer, which led to 41.7% higher number of protein identifications compared to Q Exactive HF mass spectrometer. Copyright © 2024 The Author(s). PROTEOMICS published by Wiley-VCH GmbH.
Branched-chain amino acid supplementation does not improve measures of sarcopenia in cirrhosis: results of a randomised controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Sarcopenia is associated with adverse outcomes in cirrhosis. Branched-chain amino acids (BCAA) target several pathways that lead to muscle loss in this population., AIMS: We aimed to evaluate the impact of BCAA supplementation on sarcopenia measures in patients with cirrhosis., METHODS: We conducted a 12-month double-blinded, randomised, controlled trial of BCAA supplementation (30 g daily) compared to an equicaloric, equi-nitrogenous whey protein in volunteers with cirrhosis and reduced muscle strength. The primary endpoint was an increase in grip strength and upper limb lean mass measured on DEXA. Mean-adjusted differences (MAD, 95% CI) between groups at 6 and 12 months are reported as treatment effect using a linear mixed model for repeated measures., RESULTS: A total of 150 volunteers entered the trial (74 BCAA, 76 control), with a median age of 58 years [IQR 48; 63] and MELD of 14 [12; 17]. At 12 months, 57% in the BCAA arm and 61% in the control arm met the primary endpoint (p = 0.80). No significant between-group difference was found in grip strength (MAD -0.15 kg [-0.37; 0.06], p = 0.29) or upper limb lean mass (1.7 kg [-0.2; 3.6], p = 0.22) at 12 months. No significant differences in other body composition parameters, physical performance, frailty, rates of hospitalisation or mortality were found between the BCAA and the control group. Fatigue improved across the entire cohort, without significant between-group differences. 15% of volunteers reported side effects, with distaste higher in the BCAA arm (p = 0.045)., CONCLUSION: BCAA supplementation did not improve measures of muscle strength, mass or performance or physical frailty compared to a whey protein supplement in a randomised controlled setting. ACTRN12618000802202. Copyright © 2024 The Authors. Alimentary Pharmacology & Therapeutics published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Surgical excision versus topical 5% 5-fluorouracil and photodynamic therapy in treatment of Bowen's disease: A multicenter randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Randomized controlled trials comparing the effectiveness of 5-fluorouracil cream, methylaminolevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL-PDT) and surgical excision in patients with Bowen's disease are lacking., METHODS: In this multicenter noninferiority trial, patients with a histologically proven Bowen's disease of 4-40 mm were randomly assigned to excision with 5 mm margin, 5% 5-fluorouracil cream twice daily for 4 weeks, or 2 sessions of MAL-PDT with 1 week interval. The primary outcome was the proportion of patients with sustained clearance at 12 months after treatment. A noninferiority margin of 22% was used., RESULTS: Between May 2019 and January 2021, 250 patients were randomized. The proportion of patients with sustained clearance was 97.4% (75/77) after excision, 85.7% (66/77) after 5-fluorouracil, and 82.1% (64/78) after MAL-PDT. Absolute differences were -11.7% (95% CI -18.9 to -4.5; P = .0049) for 5-fluorouracil versus excision and -15.4% (95% CI -23.1 to -7.6; P = .00078) for MAL-PDT versus excision. Both noninvasive treatments significantly more often led to good or excellent cosmetic outcome., CONCLUSIONS: Based on our predefined noninferiority margin of 22%, 5-fluorourcail is noninferior to excision and associated with better cosmetic outcome. For MAL-PDT noninferiority to excision cannot be concluded. Therefore, 5-fluorouracil should be preferred over excision and MAL-PDT in treatment of Bowen's disease. Copyright © 2023 American Academy of Dermatology, Inc. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Impact of increased protein intake in older adults: a 12-week double-blind randomised controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Emerging evidence suggests health-promoting properties of increased protein intake. There is increased interest in plant protein but a dearth of information in relation to its impact on muscle function. The objective of the present work was to examine the impact of intake of different types of proteins on muscle functional parameters including handgrip strength, biomarkers of metabolic health, sleep quality and quality of life in a group of older adults., METHODS: Healthy men and women aged 50 years and older entered a double-blinded, randomised, controlled nutritional intervention study with three parallel arms: high plant protein, high dairy protein and low protein. Participants consumed once daily a ready-to-mix shake (containing 20 g of protein in high protein groups) for 12 weeks. Changes in handgrip and leg strength, body composition, metabolic health, quality of life and sleep quality were analysed by linear mixed models in an intention-to-treat approach., RESULTS: Eligible participants (n = 171) were randomly assigned to the groups (plant: n = 60, dairy: n = 56, low protein: n = 55) and 141 completed the study. Handgrip strength increased after the intervention (Ptime = 0.038), with no significant difference between the groups. There was no significant difference between groups for any other health outcomes., CONCLUSIONS: In a population of older adults, increasing protein intake by 20 g daily for 12 weeks (whether plant-based or dairy-based) did not result in significant differences in muscle function, body composition, metabolic health, sleep quality or quality of life, compared with the low protein group. Copyright © The Author(s) 2024. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the British Geriatrics Society. All rights reserved. For permissions, please email: journals.permissions@oup.com.
A dairy-based, protein-rich breakfast enhances satiety and cognitive concentration before lunch in overweight to obese young females: A randomized controlled crossover study.; The purpose of this study was to investigate if consumption of a high-protein, low-carbohydrate breakfast (PRO) leads to a lower subsequent ad libitum energy intake at lunch and the rest of the day compared with ingestion of an isocaloric low-protein, high-carbohydrate breakfast (CHO) or no breakfast (CON). The study was designed as a randomized controlled 3-period crossover study. Thirty young (18-30 yr) females with overweight to obesity (body mass index >25 kg/m2) in random order completed 3 separate experimental days where they consumed either a PRO, CHO, or CON breakfast test meal followed by an ad libitum lunch meal 3 h after breakfast. Participants were allocated to a sequence group by their inclusion number. The PRO and CHO breakfasts were matched in dietary fiber and fat content. Energy intake at lunch was calculated and dietary records were obtained for the rest of the day to calculate the total daily energy intake and macronutrient intake. Ratings of appetite sensations between meals and palatability of the test meals were assessed using visual analog scale sheets in intervals ranging from 10 to 30 min. In addition, blood samples were obtained at multiple time points separated by 10 to 60 min intervals between breakfast and lunch and were analyzed for appetite-regulating gut hormones, insulin, and glucose. Finally, performance in a cognitive concentration test was tested 150 min after breakfast. Compared with CHO and CON, the area under the curves for satiety, fullness, and satisfaction in the 3 h after breakfast were significantly higher after PRO, whereas the areas under the curve for hunger, desire to eat, and prospective eating were significantly lower after PRO. The appetite-regulating gut hormones cholecystokinin, glucagon-like peptide-1, and ghrelin in the hours after breakfast, energy intake during the ad libitum lunch meal, and the total daily energy intake did not differ significantly between PRO, CHO, and CON. However, the cognitive concentration test score was 3.5 percentage points higher for PRO, but not CHO, versus CON. A dairy-based high-protein, low-carbohydrate breakfast increased satiety sensation in the hours after breakfast but did not reduce total daily energy intake compared with an isocaloric low-protein, high-carbohydrate breakfast or omitting breakfast. However, performance in a cognitive concentration test before lunch was enhanced after the high-protein, low-carbohydrate breakfast, but not the low-protein, high-carbohydrate breakfast, compared with omitting breakfast. Copyright The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. on behalf of the American Dairy Science Association R. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
Whole milk dairy foods and cardiometabolic health: dairy fat and beyond.; Bovine dairy milk is a nutrient-rich matrix, but consumption of full-fat dairy food varieties has been claimed historically to be associated with poorer cardiometabolic health, a notion often attributed to the saturated fat content. However, continued investigation that includes observational studies and randomized controlled trials (RCTs) provide evidence that favorably supports full-fat dairy foods and their bioactive components on cardiometabolic health. This review addresses this controversy by examining the evidence surrounding full-fat dairy foods and their implications for human health. Dairy foods are heterogeneous, not just in their fat content but also in other compositional aspects within and between fermented (e.g., yogurt, cheese) and nonfermented products (e.g., milk) that could differentially influence cardiometabolic health. Drawing from complementary lines of evidence from epidemiological studies and RCTs, this review describes the health effects of dairy foods regarding their fat content, as well as their polar lipids that are concentrated in the milk fat globule fraction. Observational studies have limitedly supported the consumption of full-fat dairy to protect against cardiometabolic disorders. However, this framework has been disputed by RCTs indicating that dairy foods, regardless of their fat content or fermentation, are not detrimental to cardiometabolic health and may instead alleviate certain cardiometabolic risk factors. As dietary recommendations evolve, which currently indicate to avoid full-fat dairy foods, it is essential to consider the totality of evidence, especially from RCTs, while also recognizing that investigation is needed to evaluate the complexity of dairy foods within diverse dietary patterns and their impacts on cardiometabolic health. Copyright © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A comparative evaluation of the kefir yeast Kluyveromyces marxianus A4 and sulfasalazine in ulcerative colitis: anti-inflammatory impact and gut microbiota modulation.; Although only Saccharomyces boulardii has been studied for ulcerative colitis (UC), probiotic yeasts have immense therapeutic potential. Herein, we evaluated the kefir yeast Kluyveromyces marxianus A4 (Km A4) and its anti-inflammatory effect with sulfasalazine in BALB/c mice with dextran sulfate sodium (DSS)-induced colitis. Oral administration continued for 7 days after the mice were randomly divided into seven groups: control (CON, normal mice administered with saline), DSS-induced colitis mice administered saline (DSS), and DSS-induced colitis mice administered sulfasalazine only (S), Km A4 only (A4), Km A4 plus sulfasalazine (A4 + S), S. boulardii ATCC MYA-796 (Sb MYA-796) only (Sb), and Sb MYA-796 plus sulfasalazine (Sb + S). The beta-glucan content of Km A4 was significantly higher than that of Sb MYA-796 (P < 0.05). Body weight gain (BWG) significantly correlated with colon length, cyclooxygenase-2 (Cox-2) levels, and Bacteroides abundance (P < 0.05). In colitis-induced mice, the A4 + S group had the lowest histological score (6.00) compared to the DSS group (12.67), indicating the anti-inflammatory effects of this combination. The A4 + S group showed significantly downregulated expression of interleukin (Il)-6, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (Tnf-alpha), and Cox-2 and upregulated expression of Il-10 and occludin (Ocln) compared to the DSS group. Mice treated with A4 + S had enhanced Bacteroides abundance in their gut microbiota compared with the DSS group (P < 0.05). Bacteroides were significantly correlated with all colitis biomarkers (BWG, colon length, Il-6, Tnf-alpha, Il-10, Cox-2, and Ocln; P < 0.05). The anti-inflammatory effects of Km A4 could be attributed to high beta-glucan content and gut microbiota modulation. Thus, treatment with Km A4 and sulfasalazine could alleviate UC.
Ingesting probiotic yogurt containing Lactiplantibacillus plantarum OLL2712 improves glycaemic control in adults with prediabetes in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.; AIM: The ingestion of Lactiplantibacillus plantarum OLL2712 (OLL2712) cells has been shown to improve glucose metabolism by suppressing chronic inflammation in murine models and clinical studies. This study aimed to clarify the effect of OLL2712 on glycaemic control in healthy adults with prediabetes., MATERIALS AND METHODS: The study was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group design. Adult participants with prediabetes [n = 148, glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) range: 5.6%-6.4%, age range: 20-64 years] were assigned randomly to placebo or OLL2712 groups (n = 74/group) and administered daily for 12 weeks either conventional yogurt or yogurt containing >5 x 109 heat-treated OLL2712 cells, respectively. In addition, the participants were followed for 8 weeks after the discontinuation of either yogurt. The primary outcome was the changes in HbA1c levels at weeks 12 and 16 by analysis of covariance., RESULTS: The levels of HbA1c and glycoalbumin decreased significantly in both groups at week 12 in comparison with those at week 0, but only in the OLL2712 group at week 16. HbA1c levels decreased significantly at weeks 12 and 16 in the OLL2712 group in comparison with the placebo group (p = .014 and p = .006, respectively). No significant inter- and intragroup differences in HbA1c levels were observed at week 20., CONCLUSIONS: The ingestion of OLL2712 prevents the deterioration of glycaemic control and maintains the HbA1c levels within the normal range in adults with prediabetes; yogurt probably exhibits similar effects, which may contribute to reducing the risk of developing type 2 diabetes. Copyright © 2024 The Authors. Diabetes, Obesity and Metabolism published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
mini-MED: study protocol for a randomized, multi-intervention, semi-controlled feeding trial of a Mediterranean-amplified vs. habitual Western dietary pattern for the evaluation of food-specific compounds and cardiometabolic health.; BACKGROUND: Diet is among the most influential lifestyle factors impacting chronic disease risk. Nutrimetabolomics, the application of metabolomics to nutrition research, allows for the detection of food-specific compounds (FSCs) that can be used to connect dietary patterns, such as a Mediterranean-style (MED) diet, to health. This validation study is based upon analyses from a controlled feeding MED intervention, where our team identified FSCs from eight foods that can be detected in biospecimens after consumption and may therefore serve as food intake biomarkers., METHODS: Individuals with overweight/obesity who do not habitually consume a MED dietary pattern will complete a 16-week randomized, multi-intervention, semi-controlled feeding study of isocaloric dietary interventions: (1) MED-amplified dietary pattern, containing 500 kcal/day from eight MED target foods: avocado, basil, cherry, chickpea, oat, red bell pepper, walnut, and a protein source (alternating between salmon or unprocessed, lean beef), and (2) habitual/Western dietary pattern, containing 500 kcal/day from six non-MED target foods: cheesecake, chocolate frozen yogurt, refined grain bread, sour cream, white potato, and unprocessed, lean beef. After a 2-week washout, participants complete four, 4-week intervention periods, with biospecimen sampling and outcome assessments at baseline and at intervention weeks 4, 8, 12, and 16. The primary outcome is change in the relative abundance of FSCs from the eight MED target foods in participant biospecimens from baseline to the end of each intervention period. Secondary outcomes include mean change in cardiometabolic health indicators, inflammatory markers, and adipokines. Exploratory outcomes include change in diversity and community composition of the gut microbiota., DISCUSSION: Our stepwise strategy, beginning with identification of FSCs in whole diets and biospecimens, followed by relating these to health indicators will lead to improved methodology for assessment of dietary patterns and a better understanding of the relationship between food and health. This study will serve as a first step toward validating candidate food intake biomarkers and allow for assessment of relationships with cardiometabolic health. The identification of food intake biomarkers is critical to future research and has implications spanning health promotion and disease prevention for many chronic conditions., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Registered at ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT05500976 ; Date of registration: August 15, 2022. Copyright © 2024. The Author(s).
Comparison of Growth Outcomes Between Human Milk-Fed Preterm Infants on Standard Versus Adjustable Fortification Protocols.; Background: Human milk (HM) is usually fortified using standard fortification (STD) to improve nutrition of preterm infants. However, the protein component may still be insufficient. HM could be further fortified with additional protein to improve STD. Objective: The primary objective was to compare changes in body weight (g/day, g/kg/day), length, and head circumference (mm/day) between preterm neonates fed HM with STD and those fed HM with adjustable fortification (ADJ). Methods: This study was a prospective, single-blinded, randomized controlled study in preterm infants of gestational age <32 weeks and weighing <=1,800 g, admitted to the neonatal unit of the Queen Sirikit National Institute of Child Health. Once the infants received full HM feed with STD at 24 kcal/oz, they were randomized to either continue with STD or with ADJ group by adding additional protein to the STD and making further protein adjustments based on the blood urea nitrogen levels. Results: Thirty preterm infants completed the study and were randomized into two groups of 15 each. The baseline characteristics, total fluid, and energy intake were similar. Compared with the STD group, infants in the ADJ group exhibited significantly greater weight gain (36.46 +/- 6.09 vs. 25.78 +/- 8.81 g/day; p = 0.001) and greater length gain (1.93 +/- 0.57 vs. 1.12 +/- 0.64 mm/day; p = 0.001). Protein intake significantly correlated with both weight (r = 0.632, p < 0.001) and length gain (r = 0.577, p = 0.001); however, no correlation was found between energy intake, volume intake, and growth outcomes. Conclusion:  Preterm infants fed with ADJ had significantly higher weight and length gains than those fed with STD, suggesting that additional protein intake may play an important role in growth.
Does Yogurt Enriched with Platelet-Activating Factor Inhibitors from Olive Oil By-Products Affect Gut Microbiota and Faecal Metabolites in Healthy Overweight Subjects? (A randomized, parallel, three arm trial.).; OBJECTIVE: The effect of the daily consumption of a low-fat yogurt (150 g) enriched with Platelet-Activating Factor receptor (PAF-R) antagonists, or the plain one, on gut microbiota and faecal metabolites was investigated in healthy overweight subjects., METHODS: A randomized, three-arm, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group study was performed that lasted 8 weeks. Blood and stools were collected and analyzed before and after the intervention., RESULTS: Our findings revealed that the intake of the enriched yogurt resulted in a significant increase in the levels of Bifidobacterium spp., Clostridium perfringens group and Firmicutes-to-Bacteroidetes (F/B) ratio. On the other hand, a significant increase in the levels of Lactobacillus and C. perfringens group was detected after the intake of the plain yogurt. The increase in the levels of C. perfringens group was inversely associated with the plasma catabolic enzyme of PAF, namely LpPLA2 (lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2), a cardiovascular risk marker that has been linked with inflammation and atherosclerosis. Moreover, in the enriched with PAF-R antagonists yogurt group, the increased levels of C. perfringens group were also associated with lower PAF action assessed as ex vivo human platelet-rich plasma (PRP) aggregation. Additionally, a higher % increase in molar ratio of Branched Short Chain Fatty Acids (BSCFAs) was detected for both yogurt groups after the 8 week-intervention compared to control. The consumption of the enriched yogurt also resulted in a significant drop in faecal caproic levels and a trend for lower ratio of butyrate to total volatile fatty acids (VFAs) compared to baseline levels., CONCLUSION: Yogurt consumption seems to favorably affect gut microbiota while its enrichment with PAF-R antagonists from olive oil by-products, may provide further benefits in healthy overweight subjects., CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02259205). Copyright © 2024 The Author(s). Published by IMR Press.
Evaluation of Safety and Beneficial Health Effects of the Human-Milk Strain Bifidobacterium breve DSM32583: An Infant Pilot Trial.; Human milk promotes the growth of bifidobacteria in the infant gut. Adding bifidobacterial species to infant formula may contribute to increasing their presence in the gut of formula-fed infants. Therefore, the safety and anti-infectious effects of Bifidobacterium breve DSM32583, a breast milk isolate, were assessed in a pilot trial involving 3-month-old infants. The infants were randomly assigned to either the probiotic (PG) or the control (CG) groups. All the infants consumed the same formula, although it was supplemented with the strain (1 x 107 cfu/g of formula) in the PG. Overall, 160 infants (80 per group) finished the intervention. Infants in CG gained more weight compared to PG (p < 0.05), but the weights for age Z-scores at 6 months were within the normal distribution for this age group. The rates of infections affecting the gastrointestinal and respiratory tracts and antibiotic therapy were significantly lower in the PG. The bifidobacterial population and the level of short-chain fatty acids were higher (p < 0.05) in the fecal samples of PG infants. No adverse events related to formula consumption were observed. In conclusion, the administration of an infant formula with B. breve DSM32583 was safe and exerted potential beneficial effects on gut health.
Acute effect of scapular mobilization with associated myofascial release on butterfly performance: Randomized clinical trial.; INTRODUCTION: To evaluate the acute effect of scapular mobilization with associated myofascial release compared to scapular mobilization without myofascial release on butterfly stroke sports performance., DESIGN: Randomized clinical trial., METHOD: Pilot study that non-probabilistically convenience sampling that selected butterfly swimmers who were simply randomized into three groups to receive the standard protocol (scapular mobilization with release of the subscapularis muscle by the lateral edge of the scapula and rib cage detachment) in intervention group (IG), sham group (SG) (scapular mobilization without subscapularis muscle release and without rib cage detachment) or no intervention in control group (CG). We evaluated the stroke frequency, length, and average speed of 30 swimmers using the 8.15 Kinovea R motion analysis system., RESULTS: The findings showed that, compared to the CG and IG, the SG showed a significant reduction in mean velocity (p = 0.002; p = 0.02, respectively), stroke frequency (p = 0.002; p = 0.003, respectively), and stroke length (p = 0.01; p = 0.05, respectively)., DISCUSSION: The results showed that manual therapy through scapular mobilization without associated myofascial release with detachment of the scapula from the rib cage worsened the swimming efficiency indicators even after 30 min of application of the technique. The limitations of the studies are related to the sample size, the risk of non-probabilistic contraction bias and the lack of blinding of the evaluators. Thus, the results of this study should be evaluated with caution. Copyright © 2023 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effects of human milk odor stimulation on feeding in premature infants: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; Previous studies suggested odor stimulation may influence feeding of premature neonates. Therefore, this systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials was conducted to assess the effect of human milk odor stimulation on feeding of premature infants. All randomized controlled trials related to human milk odor stimulation on feeding in premature infants published in PubMed, Cochrane, Library, Medline, Embase, Web of science databases and Chinese biomedical literature databases, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, China Science and Technology Journal Database (VIP) and Wanfang Chinese databases were searched, and The Cochrane Handbook 5.1.0 was used to evaluate the quality and authenticity of the literature. Relevant information of the included studies was extracted and summarized, and the evaluation indexes were analyzed using ReviewManager5.3. The retrieval time was from the establishment of the database to July 28, 2022.12 articles were assessed for eligibility, and six randomized controlled studies were eventually included in the meta-analysis (PRISMA). A total of 6 randomized controlled studies with 763 patients were finally included in the study, and the quality evaluation of literatures were all grade B. Human milk odor stimulation reduced the transition time to oral feeding in premature infants [SMD = - 0.48, 95% CI (- 0.69, - 0.27), Z = 4.54, P < 0.00001] and shortened the duration of parenteral nutrition [MD = - 1.01, 95% CI (- 1.70, - 0.32), Z = 2.88, P = 0.004]. However, it did not change the length of hospitalization for premature infants [MD = - 0.03, 95% CI (- 0.41, 0.35), Z = 0.17, P = 0.86]. The implementation of human milk odor stimulation can reduce the transition time to oral feeding and the duration of parenteral nutrition in premature infants, but further studies are needed to determine whether it can reduce the length of hospital stay in premature infants. More high-quality, large-sample studies are needed to investigate the effect of human milk odor stimulation on the feeding process and other outcomes in premature infants. Copyright © 2024. The Author(s).
The effect of dairy products on liver fat and metabolic risk markers in males with abdominal obesity - a four-arm randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: In recent years, epidemiological studies have reported links between the consumption of fermented dairy products, such as yogurt, and health; however, evidence from human intervention trials is scarce and inconsistent. We aimed to investigate the effect of consumption of four different types of dairy products (two fermented and two non-fermented) on liver fat (primary outcome) and metabolic risk markers in males with abdominal obesity., METHODS: In this parallel randomized controlled trial with four arms, 100 males aged 30-70 years, with body mass index 28.0-45.0 kg/m2, and waist circumference >=102 cm underwent a 16-weeks intervention where they were instructed to consume 400 g/day of either milk, yogurt, heat-treated yogurt, or acidified milk as part of their habitual diet. Liver fat was measured by magnetic resonance imaging., RESULTS: In the complete case analyses (n = 80), no effects of the intervention or differences between groups were detected in anthropometry or body composition including liver fat. Moreover, no effects were detected in inflammatory markers. Main effects of time were detected in blood pressure (decrease; P < 0.001), insulin (decrease; P < 0.001), C-peptide (decrease; P = 0.040), homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (decrease; P < 0.001), total cholesterol (decrease; P = 0.016), low-density lipoprotein (decrease; P = 0.033), high-density lipoprotein (decrease; P = 0.006), and alanine transaminase (decrease; P = 0.019). Interactions between group and time failed to reach significance., CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, findings from our study do not confirm that fermented yogurt products are superior in reducing liver fat or improving metabolic risk markers compared to non-fermented milk products. In fact, all intervention products (both fermented yogurt products and non-fermented milk products) did not affect liver fat and caused largely similar modest favorable changes in some metabolic risk markers. The study was registered at www., CLINICALTRIALS: gov (# NCT04755530). Copyright © 2024 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd.. All rights reserved.
Predictive model for vitamin C levels in hyperinsulinemic individuals based on age, sex, waist circumference, low-density lipoprotein, and immune-associated serum proteins.; Vitamin C (ascorbic acid) is an important water-soluble antioxidant associated with decreased oxidative stress in type 2 diabetes (T2D) patients. A previous targeted plasma proteomic study has indicated that ascorbic acid is associated with markers of the immune system in healthy subjects. However, the association between the levels of ascorbic acid and blood biomarkers in subjects at risk of developing T2D is still unknown. Serum ascorbic acid was measured by ultra-performance liquid chromatography and serum proteins were quantified by untargeted liquid-chromatography mass spectrometry in 25 hyperinsulinemia subjects that were randomly assigned a high dairy intake diet or an adequate dairy intake diet for 6 weeks, then crossed-over after a 6-week washout period. Spearman correlation followed by gene ontology analyses were performed to identify biological pathways associated with ascorbic acid. Finally, machine learning analysis was performed to obtain a specific serum protein signature that could predict ascorbic acid levels. After adjustments for waist circumference, LDL, HDL, fasting insulin, fasting blood glucose, age, gender, and dairy intake; serum ascorbic acid correlated positively with different aspects of the immune system. Machine learning analysis indicated that a signature composed of 21 features that included 17 proteins (mainly from the immune system), age, sex, waist circumference, and LDL could predict serum ascorbic acid levels in hyperinsulinemia subjects. In conclusion, the result reveals a correlation as well as modulation between serum ascorbic acid levels and proteins that play vital roles in regulating different aspects of the immune response in individuals at risk of T2D. The development of a predictive signature for ascorbic acid will further help the assessment of ascorbic acid status in clinical settings. Copyright © 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Preterm Formula, Fortified or Unfortified Human Milk for Very Preterm Infants, the PREMFOOD Study: A Parallel Randomised Feasibility Trial.; OBJECTIVE: Uncertainty exists regarding optimal supplemental diet for very preterm infants if the mother's own milk (MM) is insufficient. We evaluated feasibility for a randomised controlled trial (RCT) powered to detect important differences in health outcomes., METHODS: In this open, parallel, feasibility trial, we randomised infants 25+0-31+6 weeks of gestation by opt-out consent to one of three diets: unfortified human milk (UHM) (unfortified MM and/or unfortified pasteurised human donor milk (DM) supplement), fortified human milk (FHM) (fortified MM and/or fortified DM supplement), and unfortified MM and/or preterm formula (PTF) supplement from birth to 35+0 weeks post menstrual age. Feasibility outcomes included opt-outs, adherence rates, and slow growth safety criteria. We also obtained anthropometry, and magnetic resonance imaging body composition data at term and term plus 6 weeks (opt-in consent)., RESULTS: Of 35 infants randomised to UHM, 34 to FHM, and 34 to PTF groups, 21, 19, and 24 infants completed imaging at term, respectively. Study entry opt-out rate was 38%; 6% of parents subsequently withdrew from feeding intervention. Two infants met predefined slow weight gain thresholds. There were no significant between-group differences in term total adipose tissue volume (mean [SD]: UHM: 0.870 L [0.35 L]; FHM: 0.889 L [0.31 L]; PTF: 0.809 L [0.25 L], p = 0.66), nor in any other body composition measure or anthropometry at either timepoint., CONCLUSIONS: Randomisation to UHM, FHM, and PTF diets by opt-out consent was acceptable to parents and clinical teams, associated with safe growth profiles and no significant differences in body composition. Our data provide justification to proceed to a larger RCT. Copyright © 2023 The Author(s). Published by S. Karger AG, Basel.
Add-on effects of Chinese herbal medicine external application (FZHFZY) to topical urea for mild-to-moderate psoriasis vulgaris: Protocol for a double-blinded randomized controlled pilot trial embedded with a qualitative study.; Psoriasis vulgaris is a chronic dermatological disease with a high global prevalence. It significantly reduces patients' quality of life and is associated with a substantial economic burden. Conventional therapies for mild-to-moderate psoriasis are often associated with insufficient long-term symptomatic relief and side effects. Chinese herbal medicine (CHM) is commonly used for psoriasis management. A CHM formula, namely Fu zheng he fu zhi yang (FZHFZY), has shown promising treatment effects in clinical practice when used as a bath therapy. However, its efficacy and safety has not been evaluated by a rigorous randomized controlled trial (RCT). Therefore, we designed a double-blinded pilot RCT embedded with a qualitative study on CHM formula FZHFZY plus topical urea for mild-to-moderate psoriasis vulgaris to advance the evidence development and practice of CHM external application for psoriasis. This will be a mixed-method design consisting of a pilot RCT and a qualitative study. The pilot RCT is a two-arm, parallel, placebo-controlled, double-blinded trial. Sixty eligible participants will be randomized at a 1:1 ratio to receive eight weeks' treatment of either FZHFZY plus 10% urea cream, or placebo plus 10% urea cream, with 12-week follow-up visits after the treatment phase. The CHM or placebo will be administered externally as a bath therapy. Outcome measures include trial feasibility, efficacy and safety. The primary efficacy outcome will be Psoriasis Area Severity Index (PASI). Secondary efficacy outcomes include Physician Global Assessment, PASI-75, PASI-50, Body Surface Area, Dermatology Life Quality Index, Skindex-16, itch visual analogue scale and relapse. The qualitative study will be conducted to collect participants' feedback on CHM external application and their experience with the pilot RCT. This study will advance the evidence-based clinical practice of using CHM for psoriasis vulgaris and then to support translation of findings into clinical practice in the future. Trial registration number: ChiCTR2200064092. Copyright: © 2024 Wang et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Long-term follow-up results of a pilot study for nodular basal cell carcinoma with PDT using partial home treatment protocol.; SIGNIFICANCE: Evaluate a photodynamic therapy (PDT) protocol for low-risk basal cell carcinoma (BCC) treatment that requires less time spent at the hospital and is less painful., APPROACH: Eight BCCs were selected, debulked, and received 20 % methyl aminolevulinate cream. After 3 h, the first irradiation was performed at the hospital (20 min, 150 J/cm2). Then, the cream was re-applied, and a portable irradiation prototype was fixed to the skin around the lesion. After 1.5 h, the patients turned on the prototype for irradiation at home (for 2 h, totalizing 312 J/cm2). Disease-free survival rate and pain score during irradiations were evaluated., RESULTS: The clearance at 30 days after PDT was 87.5 % by histological analysis. The mean follow-up was 21.5 months and the recurrence-free survival at 22 months was 75 %. The pain score was significantly lower at home., CONCLUSIONS: A potentially less painful and more comfortable PDT treatment protocol with proven long-term efficiency is presented. A randomized clinical trial has been conducted to confirm these results. Copyright © 2023. Published by Elsevier B.V.
Effect of high in comparison to low dairy intake intervention on markers of bone and cartilage remodeling and phosphate metabolism in healthy adults with overweight.; BACKGROUND: In the ageing population, issues with bone and joint health are highly prevalent. Both beneficial and potential risks of dairy products on bone and joint health are reported in epidemiological studies. Furthermore, the phosphorus (P) load from dairy could potentially lead to unfavorable changes in P metabolism., OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of dairy intake on markers of bone and joint metabolism and P metabolism in an intervention study with high and low dairy intake., METHODS: In a post hoc analysis of a randomized cross-over trial with overweight adults, the effect of a standardized high dairy intake [HDI (5-6 dairy portions per day) versus low dairy intake (LDI, <= 1 dairy portion/day)] for 6 weeks on markers of bone and joint health was assessed using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays and electrochemiluminescence immunoassays. Markers indicative for cartilage breakdown, including urinary CTX-II, serum COMP and 4-hydroxyproline, and markers indicative for bone remodeling, such as serum CTX-I, PTH, 25(OH)D, osteocalcin, P1NP and FGF23, were investigated using linear mixed models. Furthermore, changes in P metabolism, including the main phosphate-regulating hormone FGF23 were explored., RESULTS: This study was completed by 46 adults (57% female, age 59 +/- 4 years, BMI 28 +/- 2 kg/m2). Following HDI, markers such as urinary CTX-II excretion, COMP, 25(OH)D, PTH and CTX-I were significantly lower after HDI, as compared to LDI. For example, CTX-II excretion was 1688 ng/24 h at HDI, while it was 2050 ng/24 h at LDI (p < 0.001). Concurrently, P intake was higher at HDI than at LDI (2090 vs 1313 mg/day, p < 0.001). While plasma P levels did not differ (1.03 vs 1.04 mmol/L in LDI, p = 0.36), urinary P excretion was higher at HDI than at LDI (31 vs 28 mmol/L, p = 0.04). FGF23 levels tended to be higher at HDI than at LDI (76.3 vs. 72.9 RU/mL, p = 0.07)., CONCLUSIONS: HDI, as compared to LDI, reduced markers that are indicative for joint and bone resorption and bone turnover. No changes in P metabolism were observed., CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRY: This trial was registered at https://trialsearch.who.int/Trial2.aspx?TrialID=NTR4899 as NTR4899. Copyright © 2024. The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany.
Lack of change in blood pressure and arterial stiffness after high dairy intake in hyperinsulinemic subjects: a cross-over randomized controlled trial.; To evaluate the effects of high dairy (HD) (>=4 servings/day), compared to adequate dairy (AD) (2-3 servings/day as per Canada's Food Guide for Healthy Eating (2007)), on blood pressure (BP) and measures of arterial stiffness in hyperinsulinemic subjects. In this cross-over clinical trial, hyperinsulinemic adults were randomized to AD and HD for 6 weeks. Anthropometric, glycemic, and lipid parameters were analyzed and dietary intake was evaluated; BP, carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity, augmentation index, and measures of arterial stiffness were assessed. Twenty-seven participants completed the study. Dairy intake was 2.2 +/- 1.2 servings/day during AD. In addition, lower total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol were observed without significant change in BP or arterial stiffness between before and after AD. During HD, the subjects consumed 5.8 +/- 1.9 servings/day of dairy products, providing a higher intake of protein, saturated fat, calcium, phosphorus, sodium, and potassium compared to the baseline diet. After the HD, subjects had higher body fat, fasting insulin, homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index, and triglycerides without altering BP or arterial stiffness compared to before HD. Overall, adequate or high intake of total dairy did not modify BP or arterial stiffness in hyperinsulinemic adults after 6 weeks.
[Study of the effects of dietary patterns on glycemic control in community type 2 diabetic mellitus patients].; Objective: To understand the impact of diet on glycemic control in community-managed patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and provide evidence for implementing prevention strategies and measures for diabetes patients. Methods: Eight communities were randomly selected from Changshu and Wuhan in 2015, and T2DM patients managed in the community were selected to conduct questionnaire surveys, physical measurements, and blood glucose testing. Factor analysis was used to obtain dietary patterns. A binary logistic regression model was used to analyze the factors affecting glycemic control. Results: Finally, 1 818 T2DM patients were included, and the control rate of FPG was 57.59% (95%CI: 55.30%-59.86%), and the control rate of 2 h postprandial blood glucose (2 h PBG) was 24.90% (95%CI: 22.93%- 26.91%). Five dietary patterns were obtained by factor analysis: animal food pattern, fruit-aquatic products-potato patterns, vegetable-grain pattern, egg-milk-bean pattern, and oil-salt patterns. No-conditional multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that after adjusting for confounding factors, the reduced probability of FPG control was related to animal food pattern (OR=0.71, 95%CI: 0.52-0.98) and fruit-aquatic products-potato patterns (OR=0.71, 95%CI: 0.51-0.97). The decrease in the 2 h PBG control probability was related to fruit-aquatic products-potato patterns (OR=0.60, 95%CI: 0.40-0.90). The increased probability of FPG and 2 h postprandial glucose control were both related to vegetable-grain pattern (OR=1.41, 95%CI: 1.03-1.94; OR=1.68, 95%CI: 1.13-2.51) and egg-milk-bean pattern (OR=1.75, 95%CI: 1.25-2.46; OR=1.56, 95%CI: 1.00-2.42). Compared with the Q4 group of egg-milk-bean pattern, the FPG control rate of the combination of "fruit-aquatic products-potato pattern (Q4 group), vegetable-grain pattern (Q2 group), egg-milk-bean pattern (Q3 group)" was higher (OR=6.79, 95%CI: 1.15-40.23, P=0.035). Compared with the Q4 group of vegetable-grain pattern, the combination of "fruit-aquatic products-potato pattern (Q4 group), vegetable-grain pattern (Q3 group), egg-milk-bean pattern (Q2 group), oil-salt pattern (Q2 group)" had higher control rate of 2 h PBG (OR=12.78, 95%CI: 1.26-130.05, P=0.031). Conclusions: A proper combination of dietary patterns and dietary patterns are more conducive to the control of FPG and 2 h PBG in T2DM patients managed in the communities of Wuhan and Changshu. Patient nutrition education should be strengthened, and the food-matching ability of patients should be improved.
Keratolytics can replace curettage in daylight photodynamic therapy for actinic keratosis on the face/scalp: A randomized clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: Methyl aminolevulinate (MAL) photodynamic therapy (PDT) is commonly used for field treatment of actinic keratoses (AKs). In standard natural daylight PDT (n-DL-PDT) the first step, after the application of chemical solar filter, is removal of crusts and scales by curettage, followed by the application of MAL cream. Some patients experience intense pain during curettage and stinging after application of the photosensitizer to just curettaged skin., OBJECTIVES: To evaluate whether n-DL-PDT without curettage, but preceded by application of keratolytics, would maintain a similar efficacy, based on clinical, dermoscopic, reflectance confocal microscopy (RCM) assessments, safety and patient satisfaction as standard n-DL-PDT with curettage., METHODS: Forty patients with multiple AKs on the face and/or scalp were enrolled in this study. Patients were randomized into two groups of treatment as follows: (i) MAL n-DL-PDT without previous curettage, preceded by skin preparation at home with keratolytics (30% urea cream, twice a day for 7 days; -Cur group) and (ii) MAL n-DL-PDT preceded by skin preparation at the hospital with curettage (+Cur group)., RESULTS: Thirty-nine participants completed the study. Four hundred and twenty-one AKs in -Cur group and 337 AKs in +Cur group were treated. The mean reduction in the number of AK lesions 3 months after the treatment was 10.7 (-54.7%) in the -Cur and 10.4 (-58.7%) in the +Cur group. We found that the differences in terms of efficacy and patient satisfaction comparing the two treatment regimens were not statistically significant. The pain score reported during and after daylight exposure was similar and low in both groups. Moreover, no unexpected adverse events occurred during the trial period., CONCLUSIONS: According to our results, curettage is not necessary to obtain the full treatment effect of n-DL-PDT. We experienced in a real-life setting that n-DL-PDT protocol could be changed by replacing curettage with keratolytics. Copyright © 2023 The Authors. Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Glucose response to sugar challenge moderates the effect of insulin resistance on reinforcing value of sugar-sweetened yogurt.; We have shown insulin resistance is associated with the choice of sugar-sweetened over monk fruit sweetened yogurt. This study extends this research by assessing the association between insulin resistance and reinforcing value for sugar versus monk fruit-sweetened yogurt, and testing the hypothesis that this effect is moderated by greater blood glucose response in people with insulin resistance. Eighteen people with overweight/obesity (BMI = 35.8 kg/m2, range 26.2-48.5) with varying degrees of insulin resistance (Homeostatic Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR) = 2.6, range of 0.6-8.0) had blood glucose measured for 2 h after a sugar challenge. Over six days, they consumed, in a double-blind fashion, novel flavored-colored sugar or monk fruit-sweetened yogurts, and the reinforcing value of sugar or monk fruit-sweetened yogurts and delay discounting (DD) were measured. HOMA-IR (r = 0.62, p = .006) and insulin (r = 0.51, p = .03) were related to the reinforcing value of sugar-sweetened, but not monk fruit-sweetened yogurt (r = -0.07, -0.10, respectively). The blood glucose area under the curve moderated the relationship between HOMA-IR and the reinforcing value of sugar-sweetened yogurt (p = .02). People with greater HOMA-IR and greater blood glucose excursions responded the most for sugar-sweetened yogurt. These results extend previous research and confirm the hypothesis that individual differences in response to sugar may activate brain reward centers and condition people to prefer high-sugar foods. DD was related to sugar reinforcement (r = -0.46, p = .03), consistent with the idea that those with high sugar reinforcement desire immediate gratification, and DD moderated the relationship between HOMA-IR and the reinforcing value of sugar-sweetened yogurt (p < .001). Research should test whether reducing insulin resistance would permit people with insulin resistance to choose lower-sugar foods. Copyright © 2023 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Intra-pancreatic fat is associated with high circulating glucagon and GLP-1 concentrations following whey protein ingestion in overweight women with impaired fasting glucose: A randomised controlled trial.; AIM: Intra-pancreatic fat deposition (IPFD) while hypothesised to impair beta-cell function, its impact on alpha-cells remains unclear. We evaluated the association between IPFD and markers of pancreatic cells function using whey protein., METHODS: Twenty overweight women with impaired fasting glucose (IFG) and low or high IPFD (<4.66% vs >=4.66%) consumed 3 beverage treatments: 0 g (water control), 12.5 g (low-dose) and 50.0 g (high-dose) whey protein, after an overnight fast, in randomised order. Blood glucose, insulin, C-peptide, glucagon, gastric-inhibitory polypeptide (GIP), glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) and amylin were analysed postprandially over 4 h. Incremental area-under-the-curve (iAUC), incremental maximum concentration (iCmax), and time to maximum concentration (Tmax) for these were compared between IPFD groups using repeated measures linear mixed models, also controlled for age (pcov)., RESULTS: iAUC and iCmax glucose and insulin while similar between the two IPFD groups, high IPFD and ageing contributed to higher postprandial glucagon (iAUC: p = 0.012; pcov = 0.004; iCmax: p = 0.069; pcov = 0.021) and GLP-1 (iAUC: p = 0.006; pcov = 0.064; iCmax: p = 0.011; pcov = 0.122) concentrations., CONCLUSION: In our cohort, there was no evidence that IPFD impaired protein-induced insulin secretion. Conversely, IPFD may be associated with increased protein-induced glucagon secretion, a novel observation which warrants further investigation into its relevance in the pathogenesis of dysglycaemia and type-2 diabetes. Copyright © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Buffalo yogurt fermented with commercial starter and Lactobacillus plantarum originating from breast milk lowered blood pressure in pregnant hypertensive rats.; Nutritional therapy, which may have advantages over medication, is being investigated as a novel treatment for pregnancy-induced hypertension. Several studies have shown that probiotic yogurt supplementation during pregnancy has beneficial effects on maternal and fetal health. In this study, fermented buffalo milk was produced with yogurt culture and Lactobacillus plantarum B, a probiotic isolated from healthy breast milk with high angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitory activity. The fermentation conditions under which the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitory activity reached 84.51% were optimized by the response surface method as follows: 2 x 106 cfu/mL of L. plantarum B, yogurt culture 2.5 x 105 cfu/mL, and 8 h at 37degreeC. The distribution of ACE inhibitory peptides from fermented buffalo milk and fermented cow milk were further analyzed by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry. By searching according to the structural features of ACE inhibitory peptides, 29 and 11 peptides containing ACE inhibitory peptide features were found in fermented buffalo milk and fermented cow milk, respectively. To investigate the in vivo antihypertensive activity of fermented buffalo milk, 18 pregnant rats were divided into 3 groups (n = 6 in each group) and administered 10 mL of normal saline, yogurt (20 mg/kg), or labetalol hydrochloride (4 mg/kg) daily from the beginning of pregnancy to parturition. To induce hypertension, methyl nitrosoarginine (125 mg/kg) was injected subcutaneously every day from d 15 of pregnancy to the day of delivery. Blood pressure was not significantly changed in the yogurt and labetalol groups after induction of hypertension and was lower compared with the normal saline group, but there was no difference between the yogurt and labetalol groups. This implied that the buffalo yogurt had a preventive and antihypertensive effect in the pregnancy-induced hypertensive rat model. Further studies to determine the mechanism of action, as well as a randomized control trial, are warranted. Copyright © 2024, The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. and Fass Inc. on behalf of the American Dairy Science Association R. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
Randomized Pilot Study of a Keratin-based Topical Cream for Radiation Dermatitis in Breast Cancer Patients.; Purpose: Radiotherapy (RT) is commonly used in the treatment of breast cancer and often, despite advances in fractionated dosing schedules, produces undesirable skin toxicity. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the feasibility of using a keratin-based topical cream, KeraStat R Cream (KC; KeraNetics, Inc., Winston Salem, NC, USA) to manage the symptoms of radiation dermatitis (RD) in breast cancer patients undergoing RT. Materials and Methods: A total of 24 subjects were enrolled on this single-center, randomized, open-label study. Participants were randomly assigned to KC or standard of care (SOC, patient's choice of a variety of readily available creams or moisturizers). Patients were asked to apply the assigned treatment to the irradiated area twice daily, beginning with day 1 of RT, through 30 days post-RT. The primary outcome was compliance of use. Secondary outcomes included safety and tolerability of KC, as well as RD severity assessed using the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) scale and the patient-reported Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI). Results: All subjects in the KC group were assessed as compliant with no adverse events. The rate of RTOG Grade 2 RD was lower in the KC group (30.8%) compared to the SOC group (54.5%, P = .408). At the final RT visit, the mean RTOG RD score was lower in the KC group (1.0) versus the SOC group (1.4). Similarly, patient-reported quality of life measured by the DLQI at the end of RT was improved in the KC group (mean 4.25, small effect) versus the SOC group (mean 6.18, moderate effect, P = .412). Conclusions: KC was safe and well tolerated with no adverse events. Though efficacy measures were not powered to draw definitive conclusions, trends and clinical assessments suggest that there is a benefit of using KC compared to SOC for breast cancer patients treated with RT, and a larger powered study for efficacy is warranted. Trial Registry: This clinical trial is registered as NCT03374995 titled KeraStat(R) Cream for Radiation Dermatitis.
Whey Protein, Vitamins C and E Decrease Interleukin-10 in Chronic Hemodialysis Patients: A Pioneer, Randomized, Double-Blind Pilot Trial.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effects of supplementation with whey protein combined with vitamins C and E on inflammatory markers in hemodialysis (HD) patients., DESIGN AND METHODS: This was a pioneer, randomized and double-blinded study. Patients were randomized into two groups and stratified by HD frequency. The supplementation group received 20 g of whey protein, 250 mg of vitamin C, and 600 IU of vitamin E; the placebo group, 20 g of rice flour, and microcrystalline cellulose capsules. The interventions were given after HD, 3 times a week, for 8 weeks. The inflammatory markers were assessed: interleukin (IL) IL-12p70, IL-10, IL-6, IL-8, and tumor necrosis factor alpha. For statistical analysis, the chi2 test, Student's t-test, Mann-Whitney test, analysis of variance for repeated two-way measurements, paired t test, and Wilcoxon test were performed. P < .05 was considered statistically significant., RESULTS: Twenty-three patients completed the study. No significant differences were found in inflammatory markers when comparing the groups postintervention. In the intragroup was a decrease in IL-10 in the supplementation group after 8 weeks (P = .0382). IL-6 tended to decrease by 810.95% in the supplementation group and increased by 732.8% (nonsignificant) in the placebo group., CONCLUSION: Whey protein combined with vitamins C and E significantly reduced IL-10 in the supplementation group and could be beneficial to reduce IL-6 in HD patients. Future studies are suggested with a larger sample size, different supplementation doses, and longer interventions. Copyright © 2023 National Kidney Foundation, Inc. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of premature infant oral motor intervention [PIOMI] combined with music therapy on feeding progression of preterm infants: a randomized control trial.; Prematurity may produce long-term complications in the physical and cognitive development of infants. There is a need for interventions that can improve feeding and reduce the length of NICU stay and separation time between the infant and mother. This study aimed to explore the clinical effect of premature infant oral motor intervention [PIOMI] combined with music therapy [MT] on feeding progression in premature infants.Premature infants with gestational ages between 26 and 30 weeks were included in the study. Fifty-two participants were randomly divided into intervention and control groups. All infants received PIOMI, and the intervention group received additional MT. The participants of the two groups were compared based on weight gain, feeding progression, Preterm Oral Feeding Readiness Scale [POFRAS], milk volume, and length of hospitalization. The data were analyzed using independent sample t-tests, covariance tests, and repeated measure ANOVA used to compare three group means. The intervention group reached independent oral feeding 8 days earlier [P = .018] than the control group. Length of hospitalization was 6 days shorter [P = .224] for the intervention group, and the mean volume of milk on the 10th day was 215.38 +/- 56.4 in the intervention group and 155.69 +/- 68.9 in the control group, respectively [P = .001]. The mean score of the POFRAS scale on the 10th day was 28.65 +/- 3.0 in the intervention groups and 20.96 +/- 3.3 in the control groups, retrospectively [P = .001]. There was no difference in weight gain between the two groups [P = .522]. Conclusion: PIOMI combined with MT was effective for the feeding progression of premature infants, and infants who received both these interventions were discharged sooner than control infants. Thus, MT should be considered part of feeding interventions for preterm infants with gestational ages between 26 and 30 weeks.Trial registration: Clinical trial registration number: IRCT20210502051155N1 on 18/9/2021 What is Known -- What is New: * There is numerous study about the eff ect of music therapy or oral motor interventi on. However, premature Infants havenot been yet studied to determine whether music therapy and oral motor interventi ons may synergize to aid their feedingprogression. Copyright © 2023. The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Dairy Intake Modifies the Level of the Bile Acid Precursor and Its Correlation with Serum Proteins Associated with Cholesterol Clearance in Subjects with Hyperinsulinemia.; Bile acids regulate glucose homeostasis and lipid metabolism. Further, the levels of bile acids can be influenced by the intake of dairy products. Although the serum proteome can provide information on the biological pathways associated with different metabolites, it is unknown whether the intake of dairy modifies such associations between bile acids and the proteome. The objectives of this study were to examine plasma bile acid profiles, find the correlations between bile acids and lipid as well as glycemic markers, and to uncover the correlation between bile acids and proteins after high dairy (HD) and adequate dairy (AD) intake among 25 overweight individuals with hyperinsulinemia. In this randomized crossover-trial study, hyperinsulinemia adults were randomized to both HD (>=4 servings/day) and AD (<=2 servings/day) for 6 weeks. Measurements and analyses were performed on before- as well as after- AD and HD conditions. The results indicated that plasma 7alpha-hydroxy-4-cholesten-3-one (7AC4) increased after HD in comparison with before HD intake (p = 0.03). After adjusting for BMI, age, and sex, 7AC4 positively correlated with triglyceride levels in the pre-AD (r = 0.44; p = 0.03) and post-HD (r = 0.42; p = 0.04). Further, 7AC4 correlated positively with proteins associated with high-density lipoprotein particle remodeling pathway and reverse cholesterol transport only after HD consumption. Thus, the consumption of higher dairy intake modifies the association between 7AC4-a biomarker for bile acid synthesis-and serum proteins involved in cholesterol clearance. Overall, higher dairy consumption may have a positive effect on cholesterol metabolism in subjects at risk of type 2 diabetes.
Metabolic effects of an oral carbohydrate-whey protein supplement after fasting in volunteers: A randomized controlled crossover trial.; OBJECTIVE: Oral supplements containing carbohydrates (CHOs) can be used to reduce preoperative fasting time. The aim of this study was to investigate the early metabolic and acute phase responses to a clear, oral supplement containing CHO and whey protein (WP) in young, healthy volunteers during a fasting-induced organic response., METHODS: In this controlled crossover clinical trial, volunteers were randomized into groups after a 12-h fast: the CHO+WP group consumed 200 mL CHO enriched with WP (n = 30); the CHO group members consumed 200 mL water plus maltodextrin (n = 30), and the Fast group was fasted only (n = 30). Blood samples were collected after fasting and 3 h after ingestion of the supplement. The samples were analyzed for glucose, glycated hemoglobin, insulin, C-reactive protein, beta-hydroxybutyrate, triacylglycerols, albumin, chlorine, and sodium. After 7 d, the groups were inverted, so all volunteers entered the three groups., RESULTS: The nutritional intervention did not change the biochemical parameters related to the acute phase response or insulin resistance; however, there was a statistically significant reduction (P < 0.001) in serum beta-hydroxybutyrate in the CHO+WP group (0.05 +/- 0.08 mmol/L) compared with the other two groups (Fast group: 0.11 +/- 0.08 mmol/L; CHO group: 0.09 +/- 0.13 mmol/L)., CONCLUSIONS: After overnight fasting, the oral supplement containing CHO and WP decreased ketosis. These findings may help select the most efficient oral supplement to be given 2 to 3 h before elective surgeries. Copyright © 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Examination of Serum Metabolome Altered by Dietary Carbohydrate, Milk Protein, and Soy Protein Interventions Identified Novel Metabolites Associated with Blood Pressure: The ProBP Trial.; SCOPE: This study aims to discover metabolites of dietary carbohydrate, soy and milk protein supplements and evaluate their roles in blood pressure (BP) regulation in the protein and blood pressure (ProBP), a cross-over trial., METHODS AND RESULTS: Plasma metabolites are profiled at pre-trial baseline and after 8 weeks of supplementation with carbohydrate, soy protein, and milk protein, respectively, among 80 ProBP participants. After Bonferroni correction (alpha = 6.49 x 10-4 ), dietary interventions significantly changed 40 metabolites. Changes of erucate (22:1n9), an omega-9 fatty acid, are positively associated with systolic BP changes (Beta = 1.90, p = 6.27 x 10-4 ). This metabolite is also associated with higher odds of hypertension among 1261 participants of an independent cohort (odds ratio per unit increase = 1.34; 95% confidence interval: 1.07-1.68). High levels of acylcholines dihomo-linolenoyl-choline (p = 4.71E-04) and oleoylcholine (p = 3.48E-04) at baseline predicted larger BP lowering effects of soy protein. Increasing cheese intake during the trial, as reflected by isobutyrylglycine and isovalerylglycine, reduces the BP lowering effect of soy protein., CONCLUSIONS: The study identifies molecular signatures of dietary interventions. Erucate (22:1n9) increases systolic BP. Acylcholine enhances and cheese intake reduces the BP lowering effect of soy protein supplement. Copyright © 2023 The Authors. Molecular Nutrition & Food Research published by Wiley-VCH GmbH.
Interventions for bullous pemphigoid.; BACKGROUND: Bullous pemphigoid (BP) is the most common autoimmune blistering disease. Oral steroids are the standard treatment. We have updated this review, which was first published in 2002, because several new treatments have since been tried., OBJECTIVES: To assess the effects of treatments for bullous pemphigoid., SEARCH METHODS: We updated searches of the following databases to November 2021: Cochrane Skin Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, and Embase. We searched five trial databases to January 2022, and checked the reference lists of included studies for further references to relevant randomised controlled trials (RCTs)., SELECTION CRITERIA: RCTs of treatments for immunofluorescence-confirmed bullous pemphigoid., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: At least two review authors, working independently, evaluated the studies against the review's inclusion criteria and extracted data from included studies. Using GRADE methodology, we assessed the certainty of the evidence for each outcome in each comparison. Our primary outcomes were healing of skin lesions and mortality., MAIN RESULTS: We identified 14 RCTs (1442 participants). The main treatment modalities assessed were oral steroids, topical steroids, and the oral anti-inflammatory antibiotic doxycycline. Most studies reported mortality but adverse events and quality of life were not well reported. We decided to look at the primary outcomes 'disease control' and 'mortality'. Almost all studies investigated different comparisons; two studies were placebo-controlled. The results are therefore based on a single study for each comparison except azathioprine. Most studies involved only small numbers of participants. We assessed the risk of bias for all key outcomes as having 'some concerns' or high risk, due to missing data, inappropriate analysis, or insufficient information. Clobetasol propionate cream versus oral prednisone Compared to oral prednisone, clobetasol propionate cream applied over the whole body probably increases skin healing at day 21 (risk ratio (RR 1.08, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.03 to 1.13; 1 study, 341 participants; moderate-certainty evidence). Skin healing at 21 days was seen in 99.8% of participants assigned to clobetasol and 92.4% of participants assigned to prednisone. Clobetasol propionate cream applied over the whole body compared to oral prednisone may reduce mortality at one year (RR 0.73, 95% CI 0.53 to 1.01; 1 study, 341 participants; low-certainty evidence). Death occurred in 26.5% (45/170) of participants assigned to clobetasol and 36.3% (62/171) of participants assigned to oral prednisone. This study did not measure quality of life. Clobetasol propionate cream may reduce risk of severe complications by day 21 compared with oral prednisone (RR 0.65, 95% CI 0.50 to 0.86; 1 study, 341 participants; low-certainty evidence). Mild clobetasol propionate cream regimen (10 to 30 g/day) versus standard clobetasol propionate cream regimen (40 g/day) A mild regimen of topical clobetasol propionate applied over the whole body compared to the standard regimen probably does not change skin healing at day 21 (RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.97 to 1.03; 1 study, 312 participants; moderate-certainty evidence). Both groups showed complete healing of lesions at day 21 in 98% participants. A mild regimen of topical clobetasol propionate applied over the whole body compared to the standard regimen may not change mortality at one year (RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.75 to 1.32; 1 study, 312 participants; low-certainty evidence), which occurred in 118/312 (37.9%) participants. This study did not measure quality of life. A mild regimen of topical clobetasol propionate applied over the whole body compared to the standard regimen may not change adverse events at one year (RR 0.94, 95% CI 0.78 to 1.14; 1 study, 309 participants; low-certainty evidence). Doxycycline versus prednisolone Compared to prednisolone (0.5 mg/kg/day), doxycycline (200 mg/day) induces less skin healing at six weeks (RR 0.81, 95% CI 0.72 to 0.92; 1 study, 213 participants; high-certainty evidence). Complete skin healing was reported in 73.8% of participants assigned to doxycycline and 91.1% assigned to prednisolone. Doxycycline compared to prednisolone probably decreases mortality at one year (RR 0.25, 95% CI 0.07 to 0.89; number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) = 14; 1 study, 234 participants; moderate-certainty evidence). Mortality occurred in 2.4% (3/132) of participants with doxycycline and 9.7% (11/121) with prednisolone. Compared to prednisolone, doxycycline improved quality of life at one year (mean difference 1.8 points lower, which is more favourable on the Dermatology Life Quality Index, 95% CI 1.02 to 2.58 lower; 1 study, 234 participants; high-certainty evidence). Doxycycline compared to prednisolone probably reduces severe or life-threatening treatment-related adverse events at one year (RR 0.59, 95% CI 0.35 to 0.99; 1 study, 234 participants; moderate-certainty evidence). Prednisone plus azathioprine versus prednisone It is unclear whether azathioprine plus prednisone compared to prednisone alone affects skin healing or mortality because there was only very low-certainty evidence from two trials (98 participants). These studies did not measure quality of life. Adverse events were reported in a total of 20/48 (42%) participants assigned to azathioprine plus prednisone and 15/44 (34%) participants assigned to prednisone. Nicotinamide plus tetracycline versus prednisone It is unclear whether nicotinamide plus tetracycline compared to prednisone affects skin healing or mortality because there was only very low-certainty evidence from one trial (18 participants). This study did not measure quality of life. Fewer adverse events were reported in the nicotinamide group. Methylprednisolone plus azathioprine versus methylprednisolone plus dapsone It is unclear whether azathioprine plus methylprednisolone compared to dapsone plus methylprednisolone affects skin healing or mortality because there was only very low-certainty evidence from one trial (54 participants). This study did not measure quality of life. A total of 18 adverse events were reported in the azathioprine group and 13 in the dapsone group., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: Clobetasol propionate cream applied over the whole body is probably similarly effective as, and may cause less mortality than, oral prednisone for treating bullous pemphigoid. Lower-dose clobetasol propionate cream applied over the whole body is probably similarly effective as standard-dose clobetasol propionate cream and has similar mortality. Doxycycline is less effective but causes less mortality than prednisolone for treating bullous pemphigoid. Other treatments need further investigation. Copyright © 2023 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Whey Protein-Enriched and Carbohydrate-Rich Breakfasts Attenuate Insulinemic Responses to an ad libitum Lunch Relative to Extended Morning Fasting: A Randomized Crossover Trial.; BACKGROUND: Typical breakfast foods are rich in carbohydrate, so they not only elevate blood glucose during the morning, but also elicit a second-meal effect that can attenuate blood glucose responses in the afternoon., OBJECTIVES: To determine whether a reduced-carbohydrate protein-enriched breakfast can elicit similar effects on glucose control later in the day but without hyperglycemia in the morning., METHODS: In a randomized crossover design, 12 healthy men and women (age 22 +/- 2 y, BMI 24.1 +/- 3.6 kg.m-2; Mean +/- SD) completed 3 experimental conditions. In all conditions, participants consumed an ad libitum lunch at 1200 +/- 1 h but differed in terms of whether they had fasted all morning (control) or had consumed a standardized porridge breakfast at 0900 +/- 1 h (320 +/- 50 kcal; prescribed relative to resting metabolic rate) that was either carbohydrate-rich (50 +/- 10 g CHO) or protein-enriched (that is, isoenergetic substitution of carbohydrate for 15 g whey protein isolate)., RESULTS: The protein-enriched breakfast reduced the morning glycemic response (iAUC 87 +/- 36 mmol.L-1.180 min) relative to the carbohydrate-rich breakfast (119 +/- 37 mmol.L-1.180 min; P = 0.03). Despite similar energy intake at lunch in all 3 conditions (protein-enriched 769 +/- 278 kcal; carbohydrate-rich 753 +/- 223 kcal; fasting 790 +/- 227 kcal), postlunch insulinemic responses were markedly attenuated when breakfasts had been consumed that were either protein-enriched (18.0 +/- 8.0 nmol.L-1.120 min; P = 0.05) or carbohydrate-rich (16.0 +/- 7.7 nmol.L-1.120 min; P = 0.005), relative to when lunch was consumed in an overnight fasted state (26.9 +/- 13.5 nmol.L-1.120 min)., CONCLUSIONS: Breakfast consumption attenuates insulinemic responses to a subsequent meal, achieved with consumption of energy-matched breakfasts typically high in carbohydrates or enriched with whey protein isolate relative to extended morning fasting., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT03866720 (clinicaltrials.gov). Copyright © 2023 American Society for Nutrition. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The Effect of Oral Protein Supplementation on the Growth of Very Low Birth Weight Preterm Infants Admitted to the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit: A Randomized Clinical Trial.; BACKGROUND: During NICU admission, extra-uterine growth retardation that can affect the neurodevelopmental outcome is a challenging problem in extremely preterm infants. This trial aimed to determine the effect of additional enteral protein supplementation on the growth velocity of the anthropometric parameters., METHOD: In this randomized controlled trial, 77 preterm infants (gestational age <=33 weeks and birth weight <1500 g) who reached full enteral feeding with either fortified breast milk or preterm formula were included. They were randomized to receive either 4-<5 g/kg/day protein through extra protein supplementation (intervention) or 3-<4 g/kg/day protein. Weight gain, as well as length and head circumference growth, were monitored daily and weekly, respectively. Venous blood gas, blood urea nitrogen (BUN), and albumin levels were checked weekly., RESULTS: Five out of 77 participants were excluded due to feeding intolerance. Analyses were conducted on 36 neonates with protein intake of 3.66 +/- 0.22 gr/kg/day and 36 with extra protein intake. Baseline characteristics were similar between the groups. An additional protein supply of 0.89 gr/kg/day, resulting in an average protein intake of 4.55 +/- 0.18 in the intervention group, increased the postnatal weight gain, linear growth, and head circumference growth (7.98 gr/kg/day, 0.347 cm/week, and 0.38 cm/week, respectively). The albumin levels were significantly increased, but the BUN levels were not significantly increased in the intervention group. None of the patients developed necrotizing enterocolitis or significant acidosis., CONCLUSION: Protein supplementation significantly improves the growth of the anthropometric parameters. An increase in serum albumin and no increase in serum urea can indicate the anabolic effect of extra protein. Protein supplementation can add to routine feeding protocols of VLBW infants without any short-term adverse effect; however, further study for evaluation of long-term complications is needed. Copyright © 2023 Fariba Hemmati et al., published by Sciendo.
Lactoferrin for the postoperative management of term neonates after gastrointestinal surgery.; BACKGROUND: Neonates who have undergone gastrointestinal surgery are particularly susceptible to infectious complications in the postoperative period. This may be due in part to disruption of the integrity of the gut and its altered intestinal microflora. Lactoferrin is a whey protein found in milk and is an important innate mammalian defence mechanism. Lactoferrin has been reported to have antimicrobial and anti-inflammatory properties. It has also been reported to help establish a healthy gut microflora and aid in the intestinal immune system. Lactoferrin supplementation has been reported to decrease sepsis in preterm infants. There may be a role for lactoferrin to reduce the incidence of sepsis, thus reducing morbidity and mortality and improving enteral feeding in postoperative term neonates., OBJECTIVES: The primary objective of this review was to evaluate the efficacy of administering lactoferrin on the incidence of sepsis and mortality in term neonates after gastrointestinal surgery. The secondary objective was to assess the impact of administering lactoferrin on time to full enteral feeds, the intestinal microflora, duration of hospital stay, and mortality before discharge in the same population., SEARCH METHODS: The Cochrane Neonatal Information Specialist searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), Ovid MEDLINE, Embase Ovid, CINAHL, the WHO ICTRP and ClinicalTrials.gov trials registries. The date of the last search was February 2023. There were no restrictions to language, publication year or publication type. We checked references of potentially relevant studies and systematic reviews., SELECTION CRITERIA: We planned to include randomised controlled trials that studied infants born at 37 or more weeks of gestation who had one or more episodes of gastrointestinal surgery within 28 days of birth, and compared administration of lactoferrin with a placebo., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: We used standard Cochrane methodological procedures. We planned to use the GRADE approach to assess the certainty of evidence for each outcome., MAIN RESULTS: We identified no published randomised controlled studies that assessed the efficacy of lactoferrin for the postoperative management of term neonates following gastrointestinal surgery., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: There is currently no evidence available from randomised controlled trials to show whether lactoferrin is effective or ineffective for the postoperative management of term neonates after gastrointestinal surgery. There is a need for randomised controlled trials to be performed to assess the role of lactoferrin in this setting. Copyright © 2023 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Effect of arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acid supplementation on quality of growth in preterm infants: A secondary analysis of a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: A balanced supply of arachidonic acid (ARA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) may be crucial for quality of growth in preterm infants. This secondary analysis of a randomized controlled trial aimed to determine the effect of enhanced ARA and DHA supplementation on growth and body composition in infants born before 29 weeks of gestation. Furthermore, we aimed to study associations between human milk feeding, growth patterns and body composition., METHODS: The ImNuT-trial randomized 121 infants to receive a daily supplement with medium chain triglycerides (control) or 100 mg/kg ARA and 50 mg/kg DHA (ARA:DHA group) from the second day of life until 36 weeks postmenstrual age. Growth and body composition were evaluated up to 3 months corrected age., RESULTS: The ARA:DHA group showed better linear growth from birth to term equivalent age compared to the control group; mean difference in z score change from birth for length was 0.74 ([95% CI, 0.17-1.3]; p = 0.010). There were no differences in growth and body composition outcomes at 3 months corrected age between the groups. An increase in z score for weight after 36 weeks postmenstrual age and breastfeeding at 3 months corrected age were the strongest positive predictors of fat mass% at 3 months corrected age (both, p < 0.001)., CONCLUSION: Early enhanced supplementation of ARA and DHA may be beneficial with respect to somatic growth in very preterm infants., CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: The trial has been registered on www., CLINICALTRIALS: gov, ID: NCT03555019. Copyright © 2023 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd.. All rights reserved.
Interaction between plasma phospholipid odd-chain fatty acids and GAD65 autoantibodies on the incidence of adult-onset diabetes: the EPIC-InterAct case-cohort study.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Islet autoimmunity may progress to adult-onset diabetes. We investigated whether circulating odd-chain fatty acids (OCFA) 15:0 and 17:0, which are inversely associated with type 2 diabetes, interact with autoantibodies against GAD65 (GAD65Ab) on the incidence of adult-onset diabetes., METHODS: We used the European EPIC-InterAct case-cohort study including 11,124 incident adult-onset diabetes cases and a subcohort of 14,866 randomly selected individuals. Adjusted Prentice-weighted Cox regression estimated HRs and 95% CIs of diabetes in relation to 1 SD lower plasma phospholipid 15:0 and/or 17:0 concentrations or their main contributor, dairy intake, among GAD65Ab-negative and -positive individuals. Interactions between tertiles of OCFA and GAD65Ab status were estimated by proportion attributable to interaction (AP)., RESULTS: Low concentrations of OCFA, particularly 17:0, were associated with a higher incidence of adult-onset diabetes in both GAD65Ab-negative (HR 1.55 [95% CI 1.48, 1.64]) and GAD65Ab-positive (HR 1.69 [95% CI 1.34, 2.13]) individuals. The combination of low 17:0 and high GAD65Ab positivity vs high 17:0 and GAD65Ab negativity conferred an HR of 7.51 (95% CI 4.83, 11.69), with evidence of additive interaction (AP 0.25 [95% CI 0.05, 0.45]). Low dairy intake was not associated with diabetes incidence in either GAD65Ab-negative (HR 0.98 [95% CI 0.94, 1.02]) or GAD65Ab-positive individuals (HR 0.97 [95% CI 0.79, 1.18])., CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Low plasma phospholipid 17:0 concentrations may promote the progression from GAD65Ab positivity to adult-onset diabetes. Copyright © 2023. The Author(s).
Higher versus lower protein intake in formula-fed term infants.; BACKGROUND: Many infants are fed infant formulas to promote growth. Some formulas have a high protein content (>= 2.5 g per 100 kcal) to accelerate weight gain during the first year of life. The risk-benefit balance of these formulas is unclear., OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the benefits and harms of higher protein intake versus lower protein intake in healthy, formula-fed term infants., SEARCH METHODS: We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL, LILACS, OpenGrey, clinical trial registries, and conference proceedings in October 2022., SELECTION CRITERIA: We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of healthy formula-fed infants (those fed only formula and those given formula as a complementary food). We included infants of any sex or ethnicity who were fed infant formula for at least three consecutive months at any time from birth. We excluded quasi-randomized trials, observational studies, and infants with congenital malformations or serious underlying diseases. We defined high protein content as 2.5 g or more per 100 kcal, and low protein content as less than 1.8 g per 100 kcal (for exclusive formula feeding) or less than 1.7 g per 100 kcal (for complementary formula feeding)., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Four review authors independently assessed the risk of bias and extracted data from trials, and a fifth review author resolved discrepancies. We performed random-effects meta-analyses, calculating risk ratios (RRs) or Peto odds ratios (Peto ORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for dichotomous outcomes, and mean differences (MDs) with 95% CIs for continuous outcomes. We used the GRADE approach to evaluate the certainty of the evidence., MAIN RESULTS: We included 11 RCTs (1185 infants) conducted in high-income countries. Seven trials (1629 infants) compared high-protein formula against standard-protein formula, and four trials (256 infants) compared standard-protein formula against low-protein formula. The longest follow-up was 11 years. High-protein formula versus standard-protein formula We found very low-certainty evidence that feeding healthy term infants high-protein formula compared to standard-protein formula has little or no effect on underweight (MD in weight-for-age z-score 0.05 SDs, 95% CI -0.09 to 0.19; P = 0.51, I2 = 61%; 7 studies, 1629 participants), stunting (MD in height-for-age z-score 0.15 SDs, 95% CI -0.05 to 0.35; P = 0.14, I2 = 73%; 7 studies, 1629 participants), and wasting (MD in weight-for-height z-score -0.12 SDs, 95% CI -0.31 to 0.07; P = 0.20, I2 = 94%; 7 studies, 1629 participants) in the first year of life. We found very low-certainty evidence that feeding healthy infants high-protein formula compared to standard-protein formula has little or no effect on the occurrence of overweight (RR 1.26, 95% CI 0.63 to 2.51; P = 0.51; 1 study, 1090 participants) or obesity (RR 1.96, 95% CI 0.59 to 6.48; P = 0.27; 1 study, 1090 participants) at five years of follow-up. No studies reported all-cause mortality. Feeding healthy infants high-protein formula compared to standard-protein formula may have little or no effect on the occurrence of adverse events such as diarrhea, vomiting, or milk hypersensitivity (RR 0.93, 95% CI 0.76 to 1.13; P = 0.44, I2 = 0%; 4 studies, 445 participants; low-certainty evidence) in the first year of life. Standard-protein formula versus low-protein formula We found very low-certainty evidence that feeding healthy infants standard-protein formula compared to low-protein formula has little or no effect on underweight (MD in weight-for-age z-score 0.0, 95% CI -0.43 to 0.43; P = 0.99, I2 = 81%; 4 studies, 256 participants), stunting (MD in height-for-age z-score -0.01, 95% CI -0.36 to 0.35; P = 0.96, I2 = 73%; 4 studies, 256 participants), and wasting (MD in weight-for-height z-score 0.13, 95% CI -0.29 to 0.56; P = 0.54, I2 = 95%; 4 studies, 256 participants) in the first year of life. No studies reported overweight, obesity, or all-cause mortality. Feeding healthy infants standard-protein formula compared to low-protein formula may have little or no effect on the occurrence of adverse events such as diarrhea, vomiting, or milk hypersensitivity (Peto OR 1.55, 95% CI 0.70 to 3.40; P = 0.28, I2 = 0%; 2 studies, 206 participants; low-certainty evidence) in the first four months of life., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: We are unsure if feeding healthy infants high-protein formula compared to standard-protein formula has an effect on undernutrition, overweight, or obesity. There may be little or no difference in the risk of adverse effects between infants fed with high-protein formula versus those fed with standard-protein formula. We are unsure if feeding healthy infants standard-protein formula compared to low-protein formula has any effect on undernutrition. There may be little or no difference in the risk of adverse effects between infants fed with standard-protein formula versus those fed with low-protein formula. The findings of six ongoing studies and two studies awaiting classification studies may change the conclusions of this review. Copyright © 2023 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
The effect of orally consumed Lactuca sativa syrup on human milk volume and weight gain in the preterm infant: a randomized controlled clinical trial.; Human milk feeding can support premature infants to thrive. Yet those with premature infants can be challenged in human milk production. Considering this, and the use of potentially harmful human milk enhancers, the present study was conducted with the aim of determining the effect of orally consumed Lactuca sativa (L. sativa) syrup (lettuce extract) on human milk volume and subsequent weight gain in the preterm infant. Extracts from lettuce and other plants such as silymarin are already evidenced to be safe for use during lactation and have other therapeutic effects in humans. Yet this is the first study of its kind. This parallel randomized clinical trial included lactating participants with their preterm infants who were born at < 32 weeks' gestation and admitted to an intensive care unit. Convenience sampling was used to recruit participants. Eligible participants were allocated to groups randomly: intervention (n = 47), placebo (n = 46), and control (n = 47). The intervention group received one tablespoon of Lactuca sativa (L. sativa) syrup, and the placebo group received one tablespoon of placebo syrup 3 times a day for 1 week. Those in the control group did not receive any herbal or chemical milk-enhancing compounds. Routine care was provided to all three groups. Participants recorded their milk volume for 7 days in a daily information recorder form. Infant weight was measured prior to the intervention, and on the third, fifth and seventh days of the intervention period. There was a statistically significant difference observed in the adjusted mean volume of milk on the fourth and fifth days between the intervention, placebo, and control groups (P < 0.05). The adjusted mean milk volume of those in the intervention group on the first day was significantly higher than those in the control group and those in the placebo group. On the second day, the adjusted mean milk volume of those in the intervention group was higher than in those from the control group; and on the fourth day it was higher than in those from both the control and placebo groups; on the fifth day it was higher than in those in the placebo group; on the sixth day it was higher than in those in the control group and on the seventh day it was higher than in those in the control group (P < 0.05). There was no statistically significant difference in terms of the mean changes (with or without adjustment) in the weight of preterm infants between any of the groups. Lactuca sativa (L. sativa) syrup increases the volume of human milk production and no specific side effects have been reported in its use. Therefore, Lactuca sativa syrup can be recommended for use as one of the compounds that increase human milk volume. Copyright © 2023. The Author(s).
Effect of camel milk on lipid profile among patients with diabetes: a systematic review, meta-analysis, and meta-regression of randomized controlled trials.; The effects of camel milk (CM) intake on lipid profile among patients with diabetes remain controversial. This systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) aimed to calculate the effect size of CM intake on blood lipids among patients with type 1 (T1D) and type 2 (T2D) diabetes. We searched nine databases from inception until December 31, 2022, to identify relevant RCTs. Effect sizes for total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL), and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) were calculated and expressed using mean differences (MD) and confidence intervals (CI). Of 4,054 retrieved articles, 10 RCTs (a total of 347 participants aged 8-70 years, 60.5% male) were eligible for inclusion. The pooled results from a random-effects model showed statistically significant decreases in TC (MD - 21.69, 95% CI: 41.05, - 2.33; p = 0.03; I2=99%), TG (MD - 19.79, 95% CI: -36.16, - 3.42; p=0.02, I2=99%), and LDL (MD -11.92, CI: -20.57, -3.26; p = 0.007, I2=88%), and a significant increase in HDL (MD 10.37, 95% CI, 1.90, 18.84; p=0.02, I2=95%) in patients with diabetes supplemented with CM compared with usual care alone. Subgroup analysis revealed that only long-term interventions (> 6 months) elicited a significant reduction in TC levels and TG levels. Consumption of fresh CM by patients with diabetes resulted in significant reductions in TC, TG, and LDL levels, while showing a significant increase in HDL levels. Patients with T1D elicited a more beneficial effect in lowering TC, LDL, and TG levels and in increasing HDL levels than their corresponding partners with T2D. In conclusion, long-term consumption of CM for patients with diabetes, especially those with T1D, could be a useful adjuvant therapy to improve lipid profile alongside prescribed medications. However, the high heterogeneity in the included studies suggests that more RCTs with larger sample sizes and longer intervention durations are required to improve the robustness of the available evidence. Copyright © 2023. The Author(s).
Effect of Lactobacillus kefiri, in Conjunction with PENS T6 and a Hypocaloric Diet, on Weight Loss, Hypertension and Laboratory Glycemic and Lipid Profile.; The pathogenesis of obesity has been linked to alterations in gut microorganisms. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of Lactobacillus kefiri, together with PENS T6 and a hypocaloric diet, on weight loss, hypertension and laboratory glycemic and lipid profile. A prospective non-randomized study was conducted involving adult patients with a body mass index (BMI) > 30 kg/m2. Patients were divided into two groups: those undergoing PENS-T6 and hypocaloric diet (PENS-Diet Group) and those undergoing the same PENS-T6 scheme and hypocaloric diet, but additionally receiving probiotics including Lactobacillus kefiri (PENS-Diet + L. kefiri Group). Weight loss was assessed at the end of the treatment, and analytical glycemic and lipid profile, and microbiological analysis of feces were performed before and after treatment. The addition of Lactobacillus kefiri to PENS T6 and a low-calorie diet, increases weight loss and further improves the glycemic and lipid profile. L. kefiri also causes a further improvement in obesity-associated dysbiosis, mainly by increasing the muconutritive (Akkermansia muciniphila) and regulatory (Bifidobacterium spp.) microbiome, and the Phylum Bacteroidetes (Prevotella spp.) and decreasing the Firmicutes/Bacteroidetes ratio.
Roflumilast 0.3% Cream: a Phosphodiesterase 4 Inhibitor for the Treatment of Chronic Plaque Psoriasis.; BACKGROUND: Plaque psoriasis is a chronic dermatologic autoimmune disease that affects adults and children. Roflumilast 0.3% cream is currently the only topical phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitor indicated for the treatment of plaque psoriasis in patients 12 years or older., PHARMACODYNAMICS AND PHARMACOKINETICS: Roflumilast inhibits phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitor enzyme leading to the accumulation of cyclic adenosine monophosphate, which suppresses the inflammatory mediators interferon-gamma and tumor necrosis factor-alpha. Roflumilast, applied once daily, reaches steady state by day 15 and has a half life of approximately 4 days in adults. Roflumilast undergoes extensive hepatic metabolism by cytochrome P450 enzymes and conjugation. Roflumilast is 99% bound to plasma proteins., CLINICAL TRIALS: Roflumilast efficacy and safety were evaluated in the DERMIS-1 and DERMIS-2 clinical trials. These identically designed, double-blind, vehicle-controlled phase 3 trials randomized 881 patients to roflumilast 0.3% cream or vehicle, applied once daily for 8 weeks. In DERMIS-1, the Investigator Global Assessment success rate was 42.4% with roflumilast 0.3% cream compared with 6.1% with the vehicle (32.3%-46.9%; P <0.001). Similarly, in DERMIS-2, the Investigator Global Assessment success rate was 37.5% with roflumilast 0.3% cream compared with 6.9% with the vehicle (20.8%-36.9%; P <0.001). Of 881 participants, 1% discontinued treatment with roflumilast cream due to adverse reactions compared with 1.3% treated with vehicle. Urticaria at the application site (0.3%) was the most common adverse reaction that led to discontinuation of roflumilast., THERAPEUTIC ADVANCE: To date, topical corticosteroids are the most commonly used agents to treat mild plaque psoriasis. Sensitive areas are often challenging to treat with existing topical therapy, including corticosteroids. Topical roflumilast has shown to be effective in treating sensitive areas, including skin folds, and may be an alternative to systemic therapy for some patients. The Food and Drug Administration approved topical roflumilast for the treatment of plaque psoriasis, including intertriginous areas, for patients 12 years or older. Copyright © 2023 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
[Neonatal hypoglycemia: glucose gel efficacy in the treatment of early hypoglycemia in newborns with risk factors. Randomized clinical trial].; Hypoglycemia is the most frequent metabolic disorder in newborns; the administration of 40% glu cose gel in the oral mucosa could be as effective in its correction as the administration of formula milk, not interfering with breastfeeding., OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the efficacy of 40% glucose gel com pared with formula milk in the treatment of early asymptomatic hypoglycemia in newborns with risk factors., PATIENTS AND METHOD: Randomized clinical trial, non-inferiority, conducted in a private hos pital. Newborns attended in rooming-in with the following risk factors were included: late preterm, large and small for gestational age at term, and children of diabetic mothers. In the presence of hy poglycemia, one group received 40% glucose gel (A) in the oral mucosa and another group received formula milk (B). Therapeutic failure was considered as persistence or repetition of hypoglycemia in the first 48h of life., RESULTS: 866 NBs with risk factors were registered over 36 month; 278 (32.1 %) presented hypoglycemia; 105 NBs in group A and 115 in group B completed the study. 75 (71 %) NBs in group A and 104 (90,4 %) in group B achieved hypoglycemia correction. After analyzing the trends obtained, it was decided to discontinue the study., CONCLUSIONS: The administration of 40% glucose gel was not equivalent to the administration of formula milk in the treatment of early asymptomatic hypoglycemia in newborns with risk factors.
Effects of supplementation with milk protein on glycemic parameters: a GRADE-assessed systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: It is suggested that supplementation with milk protein (MP) has the potential to ameliorate the glycemic profile; however, the exact impact and certainty of the findings have yet to be evaluated. This systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) assessed the impact of MP supplementation on the glycemic parameters in adults., METHODS: A systematic search was carried out among online databases to determine eligible RCTs published up to November 2022. A random-effects model was performed for the meta-analysis., RESULTS: A total of 36 RCTs with 1851 participants were included in the pooled analysis. It was displayed that supplementation with MP effectively reduced levels of fasting blood glucose (FBG) (weighted mean difference (WMD): -1.83 mg/dL, 95% CI: -3.28, -0.38; P = 0.013), fasting insulin (WMD: -1.06 uU/mL, 95% CI: -1.76, -0.36; P = 0.003), and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (WMD: -0.27, 95% CI: -0.40, -0.14; P < 0.001) while making no remarkable changes in serum hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) values (WMD: 0.01%, 95% CI: -0.14, 0.16; P = 0.891). However, there was a significant decline in serum levels of HbA1c among participants with normal baseline body mass index (BMI) based on sub-group analyses. In addition, HOMA-IR values were significantly lower in the MP supplement-treated group than their untreated counterparts in short- and long-term supplementation (<= 8 and > 8 weeks) with high or moderate doses (>= 60 or 30-60 g/d) of MP or whey protein (WP). Serum FBG levels were considerably reduced upon short-term administration of a low daily dose of WP (< 30 g). Furthermore, the levels of serum fasting insulin were remarkably decreased during long-term supplementation with high or moderate daily doses of WP., CONCLUSION: The findings of this study suggest that supplementation with MP may improve glycemic control in adults by reducing the values of fasting insulin, FBG, and HOMA-IR. Additional trials with longer durations are required to confirm these findings. Copyright © 2023. BioMed Central Ltd., part of Springer Nature.
Mobile phone text messaging plus motivational interviewing versus usual care: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial to evaluate effects on breastfeeding, child health, and survival outcomes, among women living with HIV (MTI-MI).; BACKGROUND: Many infants in low-resourced settings at high risk of infectious disease morbidity and death are deprived of the immunological and nutritional benefits of breast milk, through an attenuated duration of breast milk exposure. South Africa has one of the lowest exclusive breastfeeding rates in Africa, with 8% of infants under 6 months of age. We assume that breastfeeding is sustained among women living with HIV receiving weekly text messages and motivational interviewing and that this contributes to improved infant health outcomes., OBJECTIVES: (1) To evaluate the effectiveness of a combined intervention of mobile phone text messaging and motivational interviewing in promoting (a) exclusive breastfeeding and (b) any form of breastfeeding, until 6 months of child age, compared to usual care, among mothers living with HIV. (2) To evaluate the effectiveness of a combined intervention on (a) reduction in all-cause hospitalization and mortality rates and (b) improvements in infant linear growth, compared to usual care, among HIV-exposed infants aged 0-6 months., METHODS: We are conducting a clinical trial to determine whether text messaging plus motivational interviewing prolongs breastfeeding and improves infant health outcomes. We are recruiting 275 women living with HIV and their HIV-exposed infants at birth and randomly assign study interventions for 6 months., STATISTICAL METHODS: Breastfeeding rates are compared between the study groups using a standard proportion test and binomial regression. Survival endpoints are presented using Kaplan-Meier survival curves and compared between the study groups using the Cox proportional-hazards regression model. The count endpoint is analysed using the Poisson random-effects model and mean cumulative function. We use mixed linear regression models to assess the evolution of infant growth over time. The maximum likelihood method will be used to handle missing data., DISCUSSION: The study findings may facilitate decision-making on (1) whether implementation of the breastfeeding policy achieved the desired outcomes, (2) interventions needed to sustain breastfeeding, and (3) whether the interventions do have an impact on child health., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT05063240. Pan African Clinical Trial Registry PACTR202110870407786. Oct. 1, 2021. Copyright © 2023. BioMed Central Ltd., part of Springer Nature.
Topical Ectoin Versus Topical Dexpanthenol for Managing Acute Radiodermatitis Associated With Breast Cancer Radiotherapy: A Randomized Double-Blind Study.; Background: Radiodermatitis is a common side effect of breast cancer radiotherapy; however, there is no current consensus regarding an effective standard therapy. Objective: To evaluate the efficacy of topical ectoin versus dexpanthenol in the management of acute radiodermatitis after breast cancer radiotherapy. Methods: Fifty patients randomly used dexpanthenol 5% cream (25 patients), or ectoin 7% cream (25 patients), applied twice daily to the irradiated area during and for 2 weeks after radiotherapy. The study was stratified by the radiotherapy schedule and was double-blind. Radiodermatitis grade, radiation-associated symptoms, and adverse events were assessed weekly during radiotherapy and 2 weeks thereafter. Skin-related quality of life (QOL) scores were measured using the Skindex-16 questionnaire. Results: Both agents were effective in preventing severe radiodermatitis (>=G3). Ectoin had a lower radiodermatitis grade level than dexpanthenol, with a significant difference at week 2 (P = 0.008). Radiation-associated pain (P = 0.003) and itching (P = 0.001) were lower with ectoin than dexpanthenol. Side effects were not significantly different between the 2 treatments (P = 0.107). Ectoin showed less QOL impairment than dexpanthenol. The radiation schedule was an independent predictor for radiodermatitis persistence. Conclusion:  Ectoin showed some clinical benefit over dexpanthenol in improving radiation dermatitis and the radiation schedule is a predictor of radiodermatitis persistence.
The effects of low-fat dairy products fortified with 1500 IU vitamin D3 on serum liver function biomarkers in adults with abdominal obesity: a randomized controlled trial.; INTRODUCTION: Vitamin D deficiency has been reported to affect liver function biomarkers. This study was aimed to investigate the effect of consuming vitamin D fortified low-fat dairy products on liver function tests in adults with abdominal obesity., METHODS: This total blinded randomized controlled trial was undertaken on otherwise healthy abdominally obese adults living in Mashhad, Iran. Milk and yogurt were fortified with 1500 IU vitamin D3 nano-capsules. Participants were randomized to receive fortified milk (n = 73), plain milk (n = 73), fortified yogurt (n = 69), and plain yogurt (n = 74) for 10 weeks. Blood samples were taken at baseline and at the end of the study to assess serum levels of vitamin D, alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, alkaline phosphatase (ALP), and Gamma glutamyl transferase., RESULTS: A total of 289 participants completed the study (54% female). The groups were homogenous in terms of age, sex, weight, energy intake, and physical activity level (p-value > 0.05). After the trial, vitamin D serum levels were significantly increased in both groups receiving fortified products (both p < 0.001). There was a significant time*group effect only in serum ALP (p < 0.001)., CONCLUSION: Consumption of dairy products fortified by 1500 IU vitamin D3 might have detrimental effects on serum levels of some liver enzymes in individuals with abdominal obesity. Further studies needed to determine these effects and underlying mechanisms., TRIAL REGISTRATION: IRCT20101130005280N27 . Copyright © 2023. BioMed Central Ltd., part of Springer Nature.
A comparative intervention trial of deer milk and an oral nutritional supplement efficacy for improving older adults' nutritional status, muscle mass and physical performance.; OBJECTIVES: To compare the effectiveness of deer milk (DM) for improving nutritional status, muscle mass and physical performance with that of a commercially available oral nutritional supplement (ONS) in older women., METHODS: This study was an 11-week randomised, double-blind, parallel group study. Healthy women (N = 120) aged 65-80 years, the majority having a body mass index (BMI) < 25 kg/m2 were recruited. The women were randomly assigned to either 200 ml DM or a commercial ONS for 11 weeks. Data on habitual macronutrient intake, nutritional status (Mini Nutrition Assessment-Short Form, MNA-SF; <=7 malnourished, 8-11 at risk of malnutrition, >=12 normal nutrition), anthropometrics/body composition, and physical performance were collected. Blood samples were collected for metabolic markers., RESULTS: 102 women (DM 45, ONS 57) completed the study, of whom 29% had a dietary protein intake of <1 g/kg body weight per day, and 38% at risk of malnutrition. There were no between group differences in percentage change in MNA-SF score and body composition (P > 0.05), but a trend for a difference in handgrip strength (DM 11.7 +/- 49.8% vs. ONS -2.42 +/- 17.9%, P = 0.06). Further exploratory analysis showed that there was a trend for a between group difference in percentage change in MNA-SF score, favoring DM (DM 7.72 + 13.0% vs. ONS 0.63 + 9.25%, P = 0.06) only in women at risk of malnutrition. There was also a between group difference in percentage change in muscle mass (DM 1.68 +/- 2.77% vs. ONS -0.18 +/- 2.81%, P = 0.02) in women with BMI >=25 kg/m2 and in handgrip strength (DM 10.6 +/- 23.6% vs. ONS -5.03 +/- 18.1%, P < 0.01) in women with BMI<25 kg/m2. Total cholesterol, LDL and LDL:HDL ratio did not change over time (P > 0.05), but there was a between group difference in percentage change in these markers (total cholesterol: DM 3.01 +/- 6.97% vs. ONS -2.65 +/- 9.92%, P < 0.01; LDL: DM 4.22 +/- 14.9% vs. ONS -6.05 +/- 17.6%, P < 0.01; LDL:HDL ratio: DM: 2.27 +/- 16.4% vs. ONS: -5.78 +/- 18.2%, P = 0.02)., CONCLUSION: Baseline nutritional status and BMI may modulate nutritional status, muscle mass and physical performance response to DM (as compared with ONS), suggesting DM may improve nutritional status and physical performance in women at risk of malnutrition and/or with lower BMI, and improve muscle mass in women with a higher BMI. The study was registered with the Australian New Zealand Clinical Trial Registry ACTRN12621000650897p. Copyright © 2023 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Comparison of Effectiveness of Moringa Oleifera Leaves Extract Gel (2%) with Retino A (0.1%) Cream for Treatment of Oral Leukoplakia: Double Blinded Randomized Control Trial.; AIM: The study aims to evaluate and compare the efficacy of Moringa oleifera leaf extract gel (2%) & Retino A cream (0.1%) in reducing the size of lesions in oral leukoplakia., OBJECTIVES: The present study aimed to evaluate the efficacy of two interventions, Moringa oleifera mucoadhesive gel and Retino-A cream, in reducing the size of lesions in patients with oral leukoplakia. Specifically, the objectives were: (1) to assess the efficacy of Moringa oleifera mucoadhesive gel in determining the reduction in lesion size, (2) to assess the efficacy of Retino-A cream in determining the reduction in lesion size, and (3) to compare the efficacy of Moringa oleifera mucoadhesive gel (2%) in determining the change in lesion size in oral leukoplakia patients., METHODS: Clinically diagnosed cases of oral Leukoplakia were included in this study. The sample size is 72. Thirty-six patients had lesion sizes ranging from 2- 4 cm, and 36 patients had lesion sizes ranging from 4.1 - 6 cm that were equally distributed in the case and control groups using the chit system. The case and control groups had 36 patients with an equal size range of lesions. The case and control group participants will be advised topical application of the intervention and Retino-A thrice daily using a sterile cotton bud., RESULTS: M. oleifera gel (2%) was found to be more effective in the reduction in the size of the lesion as compared to Retino-A in the treatment of oral leukoplakia patients., CONCLUSION: This study showed that M. oleifera mucoadhesive gel (2%) is an effective and safe treatment option for oral leukoplakia patients. It demonstrated a significant reduction in lesion size compared to Retino-A cream (0.1%) after 3 months of therapy, without any reported adverse effects. However, long-term follow-up studies are needed to evaluate its long-term effectiveness. The potent antioxidant property of M. oleifera makes it a promising candidate for further studies with concentration variations and in other potentially malignant oral disorders, such as lichen planus and OSMF. The development of chemotherapeutic drugs from M. oleifera for cancer treatment should also be considered. Overall, M. oleifera appears to be a promising natural alternative to synthetic drugs for the treatment of oral leukoplakia., KEY WORDS: Leukoplakia, Oral leukoplakia, premalignant lesion, precancer, potentially malignant disorders.
A randomised controlled trial on the dietary intake of Saudi female adolescents living in Arar.; Background: Lifestyle changes in Saudi Arabia have affected the dietary intake of adolescents, who now consume more unhealthy foods., Aims: We assessed the dietary intake of female Saudi Arabian adolescents living in Arar., Method: In this randomised cluster study, female students were selected randomly from assigned schools to form the intervention (n = 68) and control (n = 70) groups. Initially, a 60-minute seminar was held for mothers of students in the intervention group. Subsequently, 6 90-minute sessions were held over 3 months for the intervention group on topics such as food groups, healthy and unhealthy eating, body image and physical activity. The data were analysed using generalized estimating equations., Results: The interaction effect (group by time) between the groups revealed statistically significant differences for dairy products (P < 0.001), sweetened beverages (P < 0.001), sweetened baked goods (P = 0.022) and fruits and vegetables (P < 0.003). The intervention significantly increased the intake of dairy products (P < 0.001) and fruits and vegetables (P = 0.003). It reduced the intake of sweetened beverages (P < 0.001) and sweetened baked goods (P = 0.010) in the intervention group., Conclusion: This intervention showed a grater positive effect on the intervention than the control group; it increased dietary intake of dairy products, fruits and vegetables, and reduced intake of sweetened beverages and sweetened baked goods among the intervention group participants. We recommend similar nutrition interventions among other young Saudi Arabian population groups to prevent obesity and other diseases. Copyright © Authors 2023; Licensee: World Health Organization. EMHJ is an open access journal. This paper is available under the Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial ShareAlike 3.0 IGO licence (CC BY-NC-SA 3.0 IGO; https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/igo).
Effect of dietary intervention on the prevalence of asymptomatic malaria among 6-18-month-old children in rural Malawi.; BACKGROUND: The complex interaction between malaria and undernutrition leads to increased mortality and morbidity rate among young children in malaria-endemic regions. Results from previous interventions suggest that improving nutritional status of young children may reduce the burden of malaria. This study tested a hypothesis that provision of lipid-based nutrient supplements (LNS) or corn-soy blend (CSB) supplementation to 6-18-month-old children in Malawi would reduce the prevalence of asymptomatic malaria among them., METHODS: A total of 840 6-month-old children were enrolled in a randomized trial. The participants received 12-month supplementation with three different daily dietary supplementations: CSB, soy-LNS, or milk-LNS, and one control group without supplementation. The prevalence rate of asymptomatic Plasmodium falciparum was determined by real-time PCR from the participant's dried blood spots (DBS) collected at the baseline and every 3 months. The global null hypothesis was tested using modified Poisson regression to estimate the prevalence ratio (PR) between the control group and three intervention groups at all ages combined. All the models were adjusted for malaria at baseline, season of DBS sample collection, site of enrolment, and household asset Z-score., RESULTS: All children combined, the prevalence of P. falciparum was 14.1% at enrollment, 8.7% at 9 months, 11.2% at 12 months, 13.0% at 15 months and 22.4% at 18 months of age. Among all samples that were taken after enrolment, the prevalence was 12.1% in control group, 12.2% in milk-LNS, 14.0% in soy-LNS, and 17.2% in CSB group. Compared to children in the control group the prevalence ratio of positive malaria tests was 1.19 (95% CI 0.81-1.74; P = 0.372) in the milk-LNS group, 1.32 (95% CI 0.88-1.96; P = 0.177) in the soy-LNS group and 1.72 (95% CI 1.19-2.49; P = 0.004) in the CSB group., CONCLUSION: The study findings do not support a hypothesis that LNS or CSB supplementation would reduce the prevalence of asymptomatic malaria among Malawian children. In contrast, there was a signal of a possible increase in malaria prevalence among children supplemented with CSB. Copyright © 2023. BioMed Central Ltd., part of Springer Nature.
Modification of Breakfast Fat Composition Can Modulate Cytokine and Other Inflammatory Mediators in Women: A Randomized Crossover Trial.; Previous trials have demonstrated that modifying dietary fat composition can influence the production of inflammation-related factors. Additionally, it has been suggested that not only the type of fat, but also the timing of fat intake can impact these factors. Therefore, the objective of the present study was to evaluate the effect of altering breakfast fat composition on inflammatory parameters. A 3-month crossover randomized trial was designed, involving 60 institutionalized women who alternately consumed a breakfast rich in polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) (margarine), monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) (virgin olive oil), or saturated fatty acids (SFA) (butter), based on randomization. The following inflammatory markers were evaluated: epidermal growth factor (EGF), interferon (IFN)-alpha, interleukin (IL)-1alpha, IL-1beta, IL-2, IL-4, IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha, C-reactive protein (CRP), and vascular/endothelial growth factor (VEGF). The results showed that the most significant effects were observed with the high-MUFA breakfast, as there was a statistically significant decrease in plasma IL-6 (p = 0.016) and VEGF values (p = 0.035). Other factors, such as IL-1alpha and CRP, also decreased substantially, but did not reach the statistically significant level. On the other hand, the high-PUFA breakfast induced a significant decrease in EGF levels (p < 0.001), whereas the high-SFA breakfast had no apparent effect on these factors. In conclusion, modifying breakfast fat, particularly by increasing MUFA or PUFA intake, appears to be sufficient for promoting a lower inflammatory marker synthesis profile and may be beneficial in improving cardiovascular complications.
Interactions between Mediterranean Diet Supplemented with Dairy Foods and the Gut Microbiota Influence Cardiovascular Health in an Australian Population.; The impact of a Mediterranean diet on the intestinal microbiome has been linked to its health benefits. We aim to evaluate the effects of a Mediterranean diet supplemented with dairy foods on the gut microbiome in Australians at risk of cardiovascular disease. In a randomised controlled cross-over study, 34 adults with a systolic blood pressure >=120 mmHg and with risk factors for cardiovascular disease were randomly allocated to a Mediterranean diet with 3-4 daily serves of dairy foods (Australian recommended daily intake (RDI) of 1000-1300 mg per day (MedDairy)) or a low-fat (LFD) control diet. Between each 8-week diet, participants underwent an 8-week washout period. Microbiota characteristics of stool samples collected at the start and end of each diet period were determined by 16S rRNA amplicon sequencing. MedDairy-associated effects on bacterial relative abundance were correlated with clinical, anthropometric, and cognitive outcomes. No change in the overall faecal microbial structure or composition was observed with either diet (p > 0.05). The MedDairy diet was associated with changes in the relative abundance of several bacterial taxa, including an increase in Butyricicoccus and a decrease in Colinsella and Veillonella (p < 0.05). Increases in Butyricicoccus relative abundance over 8 weeks were inversely correlated with lower systolic blood pressure (r = -0.38, p = 0.026) and positively correlated with changes in fasting glucose levels (r = 0.39, p = 0.019), specifically for the MedDairy group. No significant associations were observed between the altered taxa and anthropometric or cognitive measures (p > 0.05). Compared to a low-fat control diet, the MedDairy diet resulted in changes in the abundance of specific gut bacteria, which were associated with clinical outcomes in adults at risk of CVD.
Dose-Response of Myofibrillar Protein Synthesis To Ingested Whey Protein During Energy Restriction in Overweight Postmenopausal Women: A Randomized, Controlled Trial.; BACKGROUND: Diet-induced weight loss is associated with a decline in lean body mass, as mediated by an impaired response of muscle protein synthesis (MPS). The dose-response of MPS to ingested protein, with or without resistance exercise, is well characterized during energy balance but limited data exist under conditions of energy restriction in clinical populations., OBJECTIVE: To determine the dose-response of MPS to ingested whey protein following short-term diet-induced energy restriction in overweight, postmenopausal, women at rest and postexercise., DESIGN: Forty middle-aged (58.6+/-0.4 y), overweight (BMI: 28.6+/-0.4), postmenopausal women were randomly assigned to 1 of 4 groups: Three groups underwent 5 d of energy restriction (~800 kcal/d). On day 6, participants performed a unilateral leg resistance exercise bout before ingesting either a bolus of 15g (ERW15, n = 10), 35g (ERW35, n = 10) or 60g (ERW60, n = 10) of whey protein. The fourth group (n = 10) ingested a 35g whey protein bolus after 5 d of an energy balanced diet (EBW35, n = 10). Myofibrillar fractional synthetic rate (FSR) was calculated under basal, fed (FED) and postexercise (FED-EX) conditions by combining an L-[ring-13C6] phenylalanine tracer infusion with the collection of bilateral muscle biopsies., RESULTS: Myofibrillar FSR was greater in ERW35 (0.043+/-0.003%/h, P = 0.013) and ERW60 (0.042+/-0.003%/h, P = 0.026) than ERW15 (0.032 +/- 0.003%/h), with no differences between ERW35 and ERW60 (P = 1.000). Myofibrillar FSR was greater in FED (0.044 +/- 0.003%/h, P < 0.001) and FED-EX (0.048 +/- 0.003%/h, P < 0.001) than BASAL (0.027 +/- 0.003%/h), but no differences were detected between FED and FED-EX (P = 0.732) conditions. No differences in myofibrillar FSR were observed between EBW35 (0.042 +/- 0.003%/h) and ERW35 (0.043 +/- 0.003%/h, P = 0.744)., CONCLUSION: A 35 g dose of whey protein, ingested with or without resistance exercise, is sufficient to stimulate a maximal acute response of MPS following short-term energy restriction in overweight, postmenopausal women, and thus may provide a per serving protein recommendation to mitigate muscle loss during a weight loss program., TRIAL REGISTRY: clinicaltrials.gov (ID: NCT03326284). Copyright © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Whey Protein Premeal Lowers Postprandial Glucose Concentrations in Adults Compared with Water-The Effect of Timing, Dose, and Metabolic Status: a Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Serving whey protein before a meal in order to lower postprandial blood glucose concentrations is known as a premeal. The underlying mechanisms are only partly understood but may involve stimulation of glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1), glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP), and insulin secretion together with a slower gastric emptying rate., OBJECTIVES: The objective of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to review all randomized clinical trials investigating premeals with whey protein in comparison with a nonactive comparator (control) that evaluated plasma glucose, GLP-1, GIP, insulin, and/or gastric emptying rate. Secondary aims included subgroup analyses on the timing and dose of the premeal together with the metabolic state of the participants [lean, obese, and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM)]., METHODS: We searched EMBASE, CENTRAL, PUBMED, and clinicaltrials.gov and found 16 randomized crossover trials with a total of 244 individuals. The last search was performed on 9 August, 2022., RESULTS: Whey protein premeals lowered peak glucose concentration by -1.4 mmol/L [-1.9 mmol/L; -0.9 mmol/L], and the area under the curve for glucose was -0.9 standard deviation (SD) [-1.2 SD; -0.6 SD] compared with controls (high certainty). In association with these findings, whey protein premeals elevated GLP-1 (low certainty) and peak insulin (high certainty) concentrations and slowed gastric emptying rate (high certainty) compared with controls. Subgroup analyses showed a more pronounced and prolonged glucose-lowering effect in individuals with T2DM compared with participants without T2DM. The available evidence did not elucidate the role of GIP. The protein dose used varied between 4 and 55 g, and meta-regression analysis showed that the protein dose correlated with the glucose-lowering effects., CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, whey protein premeals lower postprandial blood glucose, reduce gastric emptying rate, and increase peak insulin. In addition, whey protein premeals may elevate plasma concentrations of GLP-1. Whey protein premeals may possess clinical potential, but the long-term effects await future clinical trials. Copyright © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Milk-Fat-Globule-Membrane-Enriched Dairy Milk Compared with a Soy-Lecithin-Enriched Beverage Did Not Adversely Affect Endotoxemia or Biomarkers of Gut Barrier Function and Cardiometabolic Risk in Adults with Metabolic Syndrome: A Randomized Controlled Crossover Trial.; Full-fat dairy milk may protect against cardiometabolic disorders, due to the milk fat globule membrane (MFGM), through anti-inflammatory and gut-health-promoting activities. We hypothesized that a MFGM-enriched milk beverage (MEB) would alleviate metabolic endotoxemia in metabolic syndrome (MetS) persons by improving gut barrier function and glucose tolerance. In a randomized crossover trial, MetS persons consumed for two-week period a controlled diet with MEB (2.3 g/d milk phospholipids) or a comparator beverage (COMP) formulated with soy phospholipid and palm/coconut oil. They then provided fasting blood and completed a high-fat/high-carbohydrate test meal challenge for evaluating postprandial metabolism and intestinal permeability. Participants had no adverse effects and achieved high compliance, and there were no between-trial differences in dietary intakes. Compared with COMP, fasting endotoxin, glucose, incretins, and triglyceride were unaffected by MEB. The meal challenge increased postprandial endotoxin, triglyceride, and incretins, but were unaffected by MEB. Insulin sensitivity; fecal calprotectin, myeloperoxidase, and short-chain fatty acids; and small intestinal and colonic permeability were also unaffected by MEB. This short-term study demonstrates that controlled administration of MEB in MetS persons does not affect gut barrier function, glucose tolerance, and other cardiometabolic health biomarkers, which contradicts observational evidence that full-fat milk heightens cardiometabolic risk. Registered at ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT03860584).
The Effects of 12 Weeks Colostrum Milk Supplementation on the Expression Levels of Pro-Inflammatory Mediators and Metabolic Changes among Older Adults: Findings from the Biomarkers and Untargeted Metabolomic Analysis.; Senescence is a normal biological process that is accompanied with a series of deteriorations in physiological function. This study aimed to investigate the effects of bovine colostrum milk supplementation on metabolic changes and the expression of various biomarkers on inflammation, antioxidant and oxidative damage, nutrient metabolism, and genomic stability among older adults. Older adults (50-69 years old) who participated in the 12-week randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial were instructed to consume the IgCo bovine colostrum-enriched skim milk or regular skim milk (placebo) twice daily. Following 12 weeks of intervention, participants in the intervention group had lower expression levels in pro-inflammatory mediators (CRP, IL-6, and TNF-alpha), with significant (p < 0.05) interaction effects of the group and time observed. However, no significant interaction effect was observed in the vitamin D, telomerase, 8-OHdG, MDA, and SOD activities. UPLC-MS-based untargeted metabolomics analysis revealed that 22 metabolites were upregulated and 11 were downregulated in the intervention group compared to the placebo group. Glycerophospholipid metabolism, along with cysteine and methionine metabolism were identified as the potential metabolic pathways that are associated with bovine colostrum milk consumption. In conclusion, consuming bovine colostrum milk may induce metabolic changes and reduce the expression of various pro-inflammatory mediators, thus improving the immune function in older adults.
The Effectiveness of Probiotics in Treating Food and Cow's Milk Allergies among Pediatric Age Group: A Meta-analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.; The global prevalence of allergies is on the rise. Food allergies are of special concern among children under 5 years of age, leading to morbidity and mortality. Though the standard management is avoidance, probiotics are being used widely to prevent and treat food allergies. We aimed to determine the effect of probiotics as a therapeutic option for controlling food and cow's milk allergy among children under 5 years of age. A systematic search of electronic medical literature databases was conducted. We included all eligible randomized controlled trials available from inception until May 2021. The primary outcome of interest was the relief of allergic symptoms, while the secondary outcome was the induction of tolerance. Two investigators undertook the literature search, screening, data extraction, and quality appraisal independently. Data analysis and synthesis were performed using STATA 14 software. Subgroup analysis was performed for the duration of use and follow-up, and the age category of children included in the outcome were done. Twenty trials involving 4043 pediatric patients with food allergies were included in the review. Subgroup analysis also revealed that probiotics were effective in treating food allergies across the various subgroups included in the model. Around 15 trials reported our primary outcome, relief of symptoms, as a binary variable, which was pooled to obtain a risk ratio of 0.86 (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.77-0.95), with very low heterogeneity (I2 7.7%). Six trials were included for the secondary outcome of interest, which gave an imprecise pooled estimate of 1.29 (95% CI, 0.98-1.70) with significant heterogeneity (I2 7). Thus, we conclude that probiotics can serve as a vital therapeutic option in tackling food allergies among children less than 5 years of age. Further larger studies exploring the effectiveness of individual strains and their safety pattern are essential.
A novel rapamycin cream formulation improves facial angiofibromas associated with tuberous sclerosis complex: a double-blind randomized placebo-controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Facial angiofibromas (FAs) are a major feature of tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC). Topical rapamycin can successfully treat FAs. A new stabilized cream formulation that protects rapamycin from oxidation has been developed in 0.5% and 1% concentrations., OBJECTIVES: To assess the efficacy and safety of a novel, stabilized topical rapamycin cream formulation., METHODS: This multicentre double-blind randomized placebo-controlled dose-response phase II/III study with a parallel design included participants aged 6-65 years with FAs of mild or moderate severity according to the Investigator's Global Assessment (IGA) scale. Participants were randomized to one of three treatment arms: topical rapamycin 0.5%, topical rapamycin 1% or placebo. Treatment was applied once daily for 26 weeks. Safety and efficacy measures were assessed at days 14, 56, 98, 140 and 182. The primary endpoint was the percentage of participants achieving IGA scores of 'clear' or 'almost clear' after 26 weeks of treatment. Secondary measures included Facial Angiofibroma Severity Index (FASI) and participant- and clinician-reported percentage-based improvement. Safety measures included the incidence of treatment-emergent adverse events and blood rapamycin concentration changes over time., RESULTS: Participants (n = 107) were randomized to receive either rapamycin 1% (n = 33), rapamycin 0.5% (n = 36) or placebo (n = 38). All treated participants were included in the final analysis. The percentage of participants with a two-grade IGA improvement was greater in the rapamycin 0.5% treatment group (11%) and rapamycin 1% group (9%) than in the placebo group (5%). However, this was not statistically significant [rapamycin 0.5%: odds ratio (OR) 1.71, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.36-8.18 (P = 0.50); rapamycin 1%: OR 1.68, 95% CI 0.33-8.40 (P = 0.53)]. There was a statistically significant difference in the proportion of participants treated with rapamycin cream that achieved at least a one-grade improvement in IGA [rapamycin 0.5%: 56% (OR 4.73, 95% CI 1.59-14.10; P = 0.005); rapamycin 1%: 61% (OR 5.14, 95% CI 1.70-15.57; P = 0.004); placebo: 24%]. Skin adverse reactions were more common in patients following rapamycin application (64%) vs. placebo (29%)., CONCLUSIONS: Both rapamycin cream formulations (0.5% and 1%) were well tolerated, and either strength could lead to clinical benefit in the treatment of FA. Copyright © The Author(s) 2023. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of British Association of Dermatologists.
Effect of lidocaine spray on reliving non-coring needle puncture-related pain in patients with totally implantable venous access port: a randomized controlled trial.; PURPOSE: Patients with the placement of a totally implantable venous access port (TIVAP) commonly suffer from pain caused by inserting a non-coring needle. At present, lidocaine cream and cold spray are extensively used for pain management, but they are complex to manage in busy medical environments and developing countries. The lidocaine spray combines the analgesic effect of lidocaine cream and the rapid onset of cold spray, which can effectively alleviate the pain related to non-coring needle puncture in patients with TIVAP. This randomized-controlled trial aimed to explore the effectiveness, acceptability, and safety of lidocaine spray in relieving the pain of non-coring needle puncture in patients with TIVAP., METHODS: A total of 84 patients who were hospitalized in the oncology department of a Grade III Level-A hospital in Shanghai from January 2023 to March 2023 and were implanted with TIVAP and required non-coring needle puncture were selected as the study subjects. The recruited patients were randomly assigned to the intervention group and the control group (n=42). Before routine maintenance, the intervention group received lidocaine spray 5 min before disinfection, while the control group received water spray 5 min before disinfection. The main clinical outcome was pain, and the degree of puncture pain in both groups was evaluated using the visual analogue scale., RESULTS: There were no significant differences between the two groups in age, gender, educational level, body mass index, port implantation time, and disease diagnosis (P>0.05). The pain score in the intervention and control groups was 15.12+/-6.61mm and 36.50+/-18.79mm, respectively (P<0.001). There were 2 (4.8%) patients with moderate pain in the intervention group and 18 (42.9%) patients with moderate pain in the control group (P<0.001). In the control group, 3 (7.1%) patients reported severe pain. The median comfortability score for the two groups of patients was 10, but there was a difference between the two groups (P<0.05) because the intervention group tilted to the right. The successful puncture rate of the first time puncture had no difference between the two groups, both being 100%. Moreover, 33 patients (78.6%) in the intervention group and 12 patients (28.6%) in the control group reported that they would choose the same spray for intervention in the future (P<0.001). During the 1 week of follow-up, 1 patient in the intervention group developed skin itching (P>0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: The local use of lidocaine spray in patients with TIVAP is effective, acceptable, and safe to alleviate the pain caused by non-coring needle puncture., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Chinese Clinical Trial Registry (registration number: ChiCTR2300072976). Copyright © 2023. The Author(s).
Standard Hypercaloric, Hyperproteic vs. Leucine-Enriched Oral Supplements in Patients with Cancer-Induced Sarcopenia, a Randomized Clinical Trial.; (1) Background: Malnutrition frequently affects patients with cancer, and it negatively impacts treatment tolerance, clinical outcomes and survival. Thus, appropriate nutritional screening and early nutrition support are extremely recommended. Currently, a significant number of oral supplements (OS) are commercially available; despite this, there is a lack of evidence for recommending specific OS, including leucine-enriched OS, for nutritional support in patients with cancer. (2) Aim: To compare the clinical evolution of patients with cancer (undergoing systemic treatment) that received standard hypercaloric, whey protein-based hyperproteic oral supplements vs. hypercaloric, hyperproteic leucine-enriched OS using a novel morphofunctional nutritional evaluation. (3) Patients and methods : This paper details an open-label, controlled clinical study in which patients were randomly assigned to receive nutritional treatment with whey protein-based hyperproteic oral supplements (control group) vs. hypercaloric, hyperproteic leucine-enriched OS (intervention group) during a twelve-week period. Forty-six patients were included; epidemiological, clinical, anthropometric, ultrasound (muscle echography of the rectus femoris muscle of the quadriceps and abdominal adipose tissue) and biochemical evaluation were performed. All patients received additional supplementation with vitamin D. (4) Results: Nutritional parameters (including bioimpedance, anthropometric, ultrasound and biochemical variables) of all included patients remained stable after the nutritional intervention. Extracellular mass tended to increase in the patients that received the leucine-enriched formula. Functionality (evaluated through the stand-up test) improved in both groups (p < 0.001). Prealbumin, transferrin levels and superficial adipose tissue increased in the control group (p < 0.05), while self-reported quality of life improved in all the evaluated patients (p < 0.001). (5) Conclusions: Nutritional support with hypercaloric, hyperproteic (with whey protein) OS and vitamin D supplementation were associated with the maintenance of body composition and improvements in functionality and in quality of life in the patients with cancer undergoing systemic treatment. No significant benefits were observed when a leucine-enriched formula was used.
Long Duration of Oral Care Using Mother's Own Milk Influences Oral Microbiota and Clinical Outcomes in Very-low-birthweight Infants: Randomized Controlled Trial.; BACKGROUND: Several studies have focused on the clinical outcomes of oral care using colostrum for a limited time (2-5 days) in very-low-birthweight (VLBW) infants. However, the effect of long-term mother's own milk (MOM) on the clinical outcomes and oral microbiota of VLBW infants remains unknown., METHODS: In this randomized controlled trial, VLBW neonates were randomly assigned to oral care by MOM or sterile water (SW) groups until they started oral feeding. The primary outcome was oral microbiota composition including alpha and beta diversity, relative abundance, and linear discriminant analysis effect size (LEfSe). The secondary outcomes were various morbidities and mortality., RESULTS: The baseline characteristics of the two groups did not differ (63 neonates, MOM group, n = 30, oral care 22 days; SW group, n = 33, oral care 27 days). There was no significant difference in alpha and beta diversities between the groups before and after the intervention. The MOM group had a significantly lower rate of clinical sepsis than the SW group (47% vs. 76%, risk ratio = 0.62, 95% CI: 0.40-0.97). The relative abundance of Bifidobacterium bifidum and Faecalibacterium were maintained after MOM care, especially in neonates without clinical sepsis, but decreased after SW care. LEfSe showed that neonates in the MOM and SW groups with clinical sepsis had the highest abundance of Pseudomonas and Gammaproteobacteria, respectively, compared with neonates without sepsis., CONCLUSIONS: A longer duration of oral care using MOM in VLBW infants sustains healthy bacteria and decreases the risk of clinical sepsis. Copyright © 2023 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Influence of Food With Different Fat Concentrations on Alectinib Exposure: A Randomized Crossover Pharmacokinetic Trial.; BACKGROUND: Alectinib is the keystone treatment in advanced anaplastic lymphoma kinase-positive (ALK+) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). An exposure-response threshold of 435 ng/mL has recently been established, albeit 37% of patients do not reach this threshold. Alectinib is orally administered, and absorption is largely influenced by food. Hence, further investigation into this relationship is needed to optimize its bioavailability., PATIENTS AND METHODS: In this randomized 3-period crossover clinical study in ALK+ NSCLC, alectinib exposure was compared among patients with different diets. Every 7 days, the first alectinib dose was taken with either a continental breakfast, 250-g of low-fat yogurt, or a self-chosen lunch, and the second dose was taken with a self-chosen dinner. Sampling for alectinib exposure (Ctrough) was performed at day 8, just prior to alectinib intake, and the relative difference in Ctrough was compared., RESULTS: In 20 evaluable patients, the mean Ctrough was 14% (95% CI, -23% to -5%; P=.009) and 20% (95% CI, -25% to -14%; P<.001) lower when taken with low-fat yogurt compared with a continental breakfast and a self-chosen lunch, respectively. Administration with a self-chosen lunch did not change exposure compared with a continental breakfast (+7%; 95% CI, -2% to +17%; P=.243). In the low-fat yogurt period, 35% of patients did not reach the threshold versus 5% with the other meals (P<.01)., CONCLUSIONS: Patients and physicians should be warned for a detrimental food-drug interaction when alectinib is taken with low-fat yogurt, because it results in a clinically relevant lower alectinib exposure. Intake with a self-chosen lunch did not change drug exposure and could be a safe and patient-friendly alternative.
Does whey protein supplementation during resistance exercise have additional benefits for decreasing hepatic fat content?.; BACKGROUND: Exercise and diet have positive effects on hepatic fat reduction, and protein supplementation is known to lower hepatic fat accumulation. However, the effect of a combination of exercise and whey protein supplementation (WPS) on hepatic fat content (HFC) is unknown., METHODS: We investigated the effect of WPS on HFC during resistance exercise and diet control intervention for four weeks. A total of 34 sedentary males participated and were randomly assigned to two groups: a protein supplement group (PSG, n = 18) and a control group (CG, n = 16). The PSG took 60 g of WPS per day, and the CG took 60 g of an isocaloric placebo per day. All participants were fed a calorie-controlled diet throughout the study period, with their daily caloric intake determined by their resting metabolic rate and physical activity level. Both groups performed resistance exercises supervised by experts at 60-70% of their maximum efforts for 60 min/day, 6 days/week for 4 weeks. HFC was assessed using the controlled attenuation parameter (CAP) after an 8 h fast, at pre-, mid-, and post-intervention. Liver enzymes and lipid profile were also analyzed after an 8 h fast and pre- and post-intervention., RESULTS: The CAP was significantly reduced after 4 weeks of intervention in both groups (PSG, p < .001; CG, p = .002). However, there was no significant interaction between the group and changes in CAP. Interestingly, when comparing the pre- and mid-tests, both groups also had significantly reduced CAP (PSG, p = .027; CG, p = .028), but there was a significant difference in the amount of change in CAP between the two groups (PSG, -47.2 +/- 25.4 dB/m; CG, -19.5 +/- 15.1 dB/m; p = .042). For liver enzymes, there was a significant interaction between the two groups and a change in aspartate transaminase (AST) (p = .038). However, alanine aminotransferase (ALT) levels were significantly decreased only in the PSG group (p = .002). In lipids, both groups showed significantly decreased total cholesterol (p < .001) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (p < .001) after the intervention., CONCLUSION: Our data showed that WPS may not enhance the overall effects of resistance exercise on HFC and lipid profiles. However, in part, WPS may have a beneficial effect on liver enzymatic changes and rapid response to resistance exercise-induced HFC reduction.
Effects of Whey Protein Isolate on Body Composition, Muscle Mass, and Strength of Chronic Heart Failure Patients: A Randomized Clinical Trial.; Heart failure (HF) is associated with a reduction of skeletal muscle mass. Whey protein isolate (WPI) has been beneficial in increasing muscle mass and strength, in addition to improving body composition. The goal of this research was to evaluate the effect of WPI on the body composition, muscle mass, and strength of chronic HF patients. For this purpose, twenty-five patients of both genders with predominantly NYHA I functional class and a median age of 65.5 (60.5-71.0) years were used to conduct a randomized, single-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial and received 30 g per day of WPI for 12 weeks. Anthropometric measurements, body composition analysis, and biochemical exams were performed at the beginning and end of the study. An increase in skeletal muscle mass was observed in the intervention group after 12 weeks. A reduction in waist circumference, body fat percentage, and an increase in skeletal muscle index was observed when compared to the placebo group. No significant effect on muscle strength was observed after 12 weeks of intervention. These data demonstrate that WPI consumption contributed to the increase of skeletal muscle mass, strength, and reduction of body fat in HF patients.
The Influence of Whey Protein on Muscle Strength, Glycemic Control and Functional Tasks in Older Adults with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in a Resistance Exercise Program: Randomized and Triple Blind Clinical Trial.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the effect of whey protein (WP) supplementation associated with resistance training (RT) on glycemic control, functional tasks, muscle strength, and body composition in older adults living with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Secondly, to evaluate the safety of the protocol for renal function., METHODS: The population comprised twenty-six older men living with T2DM (68.5 +/- 11.5 years old). The participants were randomly assigned to the Protein Group (PG) and the Control Group (CG). The handgrip test and evolution of exercise loads, according to the Omni Resistance Exercise Scale, evaluated muscle strength. Functional tasks were assessed by force platform in three different protocols: Sit-to-Stand, Step/Quick Turn, and Step Up/Over. Body composition was evaluated by bioimpedance and glycemic control and renal function were assessed by biochemical analyses. Both groups performed RT for 12 weeks, twice a week, prioritizing large muscle groups. Protein supplementation was 20 g of whey protein isolate and the CG was supplemented with an isocaloric drink, containing 20 g of maltodextrin., RESULTS: There was a significant difference in muscle strength, according to the evolution of the exercise loads, but it was not confirmed in the handgrip test. However, there was no significant difference between the groups, regarding performance in functional tasks, glycemic control, or body composition. Renal function showed no alteration., CONCLUSION: The intake of 20 g of WP in older male adults living with T2DM did not increase the effect of RT on muscle strength, functional tasks, and glycemic control. The intervention was proven safe regarding renal function.
Epigallocatechin-3-gallate protects bovine ruminal epithelial cells against lipopolysaccharide-induced inflammatory damage by activating autophagy.; BACKGROUND: Subacute ruminal acidosis (SARA) causes an increase in endotoxin, which can induce immune and inflammatory responses in the ruminal epithelium of dairy cows. In non-ruminants, epigallocatechin-3-gallate (EGCG), a major bioactive ingredient of green tea, is well-known to alleviate inflammation. Whether EGCG confers protection against SARA-induced inflammation and the underlying mechanisms are unknown., RESULTS: In vivo, eight ruminally cannulated Holstein cows in mid-lactation were randomly assigned to either a low-concentrate (40%) diet (CON) or a high-concentrate (60%) diet (HC) for 3 weeks to induce SARA (n = 4). Cows with SARA had greater serum concentrations of tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha and interleukin-6, and epithelium had histological signs of damage. In vitro, immortalized bovine ruminal epithelial cells (BREC) were treated with lipopolysaccharide (LPS) to imitate the inflammatory damage caused by SARA. Our data revealed that BREC treated with 10 microg/mL LPS for 6 h successfully induce a robust inflammatory response as indicated by increased phosphorylation of IkappaBalpha and nuclear factor kappa-B (NF-kappaB) p65. Pre-treatment of BREC with 50 micromol/L EGCG for 6 h before LPS challenge promoted the degradation of NLR family pyrin domain containing 3 (NLRP3) inflammasome through activation of autophagy, which further repressed activation of NF-kappaB pathway targeting Toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4). Analyses also revealed that the ECGG upregulated tight junction (TJ) protein expression upon incubation with LPS., CONCLUSIONS: Subacute ruminal acidosis causes ruminal epithelium injury and systemic inflammation in dairy cows. However, the anti-inflammatory effects of EGCG help preserve the integrity of the epithelial barrier through activating autophagy when BREC are exposed to LPS. Thus, EGCG could potentially serve as an effective therapeutic agent for SARA-associated inflammation. Copyright © 2024. The Author(s).
Cow's Milk and Dairy Consumption: Is There Now Consensus for Cardiometabolic Health?.; Cow's milk and dairy products derived from this complex food source have long been proposed as beneficial to human health, yet underlying clinical evidence of direct benefit continues to raise controversy. Limited evidence supports positive cardiometabolic effects of a number of dairy macro- and micronutrient components including whey protein and casein, unsaturated fats, milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) and polar phospholipids, vitamin D and calcium, in addition to non-bovine components including bacterial and yeast probiotics. More controversial remain lipid components trans fats, including trans vaccenic acid, trans palmitoleic acid, and conjugated cis trans linoleic acid (CLA), plus medium-chain and odd-chain dairy fats. New evidence is rapidly identifying multiple pathways by which these dairy nutrients may effect health. Processing, including fermentation and homogenization, may also have positive effects. Conversely, the high saturated fat content of dairy has long raised concern, aligned with international guidelines to minimize dietary intake of animal-origin saturated fatty acids (SFA) to achieve better cardiometabolic health. However, led in part by observational studies and meta-analyses showing dairy to have no or even an inverse association with cardiometabolic health, evidence from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) has been scrutinized over the last 5 years, and focus on low-fat dairy has been challenged. Recent evidence supports the hypothesis that adverse effects of SFAs on metabolic health may be ameliorated when these fats are consumed within a complex matrix such as milk, cheese or yogurt, and that dairy food categories may influence outcomes as much as total fat content. For example, yogurt and high-fat, high-SFA cheese have a negative association with risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) in many, not all, published trials. However, large sample dairy RCTs of long duration with CVD or T2D incidence as primary endpoints are lacking. This is a clear research gap, with these clinical studies required if a causative link between dairy and improved cardiometabolic health is to be confirmed and in turn promoted through dietary guidelines. Current advisories from national guidance groups such as American Heart Association (AHA) and European Society of Cardiology (ESC) continue to promote consumption of low-fat dairy products, whilst liquid milk and yogurt remain part of nutrition guidelines from joint American Diabetes Association (ADA)/European Association for Study of Diabetes (EASD) reports, and as part of a "no-one-size-fits-all" answer to diet and T2D by the ADA in their most recent 2019 Consensus Report. Copyright © 2020 Poppitt.
Postbiotics from Saccharomyces cerevisiae fermentation stabilize microbiota in rumen liquid digesta during grain-based subacute ruminal acidosis (SARA) in lactating dairy cows.; BACKGROUND: Subacute ruminal acidosis (SARA) is a common metabolic disorder of high yielding dairy cows, and it is associated with dysbiosis of the rumen and gut microbiome and host inflammation. This study evaluated the impact of two postbiotics from Saccharomyces cerevisiae fermentation products (SCFP) on rumen liquid associated microbiota of lactating dairy cows subjected to repeated grain-based SARA challenges. A total of 32 rumen cannulated cows were randomly assigned to 4 treatments from 4 weeks before until 12 weeks after parturition. Treatment groups included a Control diet or diets supplemented with postbiotics (SCFPa, 14 g/d Original XPC; SCFPb-1X, 19 g/d NutriTek; SCFPb-2X, 38 g/d NutriTek, Diamond V, Cedar Rapids, IA, USA). Grain-based SARA challenges were conducted during week 5 (SARA1) and week 8 (SARA2) after parturition by replacing 20% DM of the base total mixed ration (TMR) with pellets containing 50% ground barley and 50% ground wheat. Total DNA from rumen liquid samples was subjected to V3-V4 16S rRNA gene amplicon sequencing. Characteristics of rumen microbiota were compared among treatments and SARA stages., RESULTS: Both SARA challenges reduced the diversity and richness of rumen liquid microbiota, altered the overall composition (beta-diversity), and its predicted functionality including carbohydrates and amino acids metabolic pathways. The SARA challenges also reduced the number of significant associations among different taxa, number of hub taxa and their composition in the microbial co-occurrence networks. Supplementation with SCFP postbiotics, in particular SCFPb-2X, enhanced the robustness of the rumen microbiota. The SCFP supplemented cows had less fluctuation in relative abundances of community members when exposed to SARA challenges. The SCFP supplementation promoted the populations of lactate utilizing and fibrolytic bacteria, including members of Ruminococcaceae and Lachnospiraceae, and also increased the numbers of hub taxa during non-SARA and SARA stages. Supplementation with SCFPb-2X prevented the fluctuations in the abundances of hub taxa that were positively correlated with the acetate concentration, and alpha- and beta-diversity metrics in rumen liquid digesta., CONCLUSIONS: Induction of SARA challenges reduced microbiota richness and diversity and caused fluctuations in major bacterial phyla in rumen liquid microbiota in lactating dairy cows. Supplementation of SCFP postbiotics could attenuate adverse effects of SARA on rumen liquid microbiota. Copyright © 2024. The Author(s).
Effects of multistrain Bifidobacteria and Lactobacillus probiotics on HMO compositions after supplementation to pregnant women at threatening preterm delivery: design of the randomized clinical PROMO trial.; BACKGROUND: As an indigestible component of human breast milk, Human Milk Oligosaccharides (HMOs) play an important role as a substrate for the establishing microbiome of the newborn. They have further been shown to have beneficial effects on the immune system, lung and brain development. For preterm infants HMO composition of human breast milk may be of particular relevance since the establishment of a healthy microbiome is challenged by multiple disruptive factors associated with preterm birth, such as cesarean section, hospital environment and perinatal antibiotic exposure. In a previous study it has been proposed that maternal probiotic supplementation during late stages of pregnancy may change the HMO composition in human milk. However, there is currently no study on pregnancies which are threatened to preterm birth. Furthermore, HMO composition has not been investigated in association with clinically relevant outcomes of vulnerable infants including inflammation-mediated diseases such as sepsis, necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) or chronic lung disease., MAIN BODY: A randomized controlled intervention study (PROMO = probiotics for human milk oligosaccharides) has been designed to analyze changes in HMO composition of human breast milk after supplementation of probiotics (Lactobacillus acidophilus, Bifidobacterium lactis and Bifidobacterium infantis) in pregnancies at risk for preterm birth. The primary endpoint is HMO composition of 3-fucosyllactose and 3'-sialyllactose in expressed breast milk. We estimate that probiotic intervention will increase these two HMO levels by 50% according to the standardized mean difference between treatment and control groups. As secondary outcomes we will measure preterm infants' clinical outcomes (preterm birth, sepsis, weight gain growth, gastrointestinal complications) and effects on microbiome composition in the rectovaginal tract of mothers at delivery and in the gut of term and preterm infants by sequencing at high genomic resolution. Therefore, we will longitudinally collect bio samples in the first 4 weeks after birth as well as in follow-up investigations at 3 months, one year, and five years of age., CONCLUSIONS: We estimate that probiotic intervention will increase these two HMO levels by 50% according to the standardized mean difference between treatment and control groups. The PROMO study will gain insight into the microbiome-HMO interaction at the fetomaternal interface and its consequences for duration of pregnancy and outcome of infants. Copyright © 2024. The Author(s).
Reformulating ice cream to improve postprandial glucose response: an opportunity for industry to create shared value.; Ultra-processed foods are associated with metabolic dysfunction and driving chronic diseases. The Metabolic Matrix is a tool used to reformulate products to promote positive metabolic outcomes. The Kuwait Danish Dairy Company (KDD) has used this tool to develop a no-added-sugar products. This clinical trial tested the glycaemic response of a no-added-sugar ice cream in individuals with type 2 diabetes. The hypothesis was that the no-added-sugar ice cream would have a substantially better postprandial glycemic response than conventional ice cream in patients with type 2 diabetes. In this randomized cross over designed study, postprandial glycemic response was measured after 300 grams of no-added-sugar ice cream or normal ice cream was consumed. Despite similar composition and palatability, the postprandial responses were better with the no-added sugar ice cream, albeit that the natural sugar in the product still resulted in a marked postprandial glycaemic response. This finding emphasizes the necessity of clearly communicating to both patients and healthcare professionals that "no-added-sugar" does not equate to "zero total sugar." The path to improved metabolic health involves not only product improvement but also transparent messaging to enable informed dietary choices. Reformulation resulting in palatable no-added sugar products provides an opportunity for companies to Create Shared Value by addressing the important social problems such as obesity and type 2 diabetes, by creating scalable solutions, that are profitable. Clinical trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, identifiers NCT06135935. Copyright © 2024 Al-Ozairi, Mandani, Alfaleh, Raj, Alshammari and Le Roux.
Combined Effect of Nigella sativa and Kefir on the Live Performance and Health of Broiler Chickens Affected by Necrotic Enteritis.; Coccidiosis and necrotic enteritis (NE) are prevalent poultry ailments worldwide, leading to decreased live performance and elevated mortality rates without antibiotic usage. This study evaluated Nigella sativa (black cumin) seeds (BCS) and kefir as alternatives to antibiotics for broilers. An in vivo study over a 28-day period, using 384 Cobb 500 male broilers organized into six treatment groups as part of a completely randomized block experimental design was conducted. Each treatment group included eight replicates, with each replicate containing eight birds. The treatments included positive control, negative control, antibiotic control, 5% BCS in feed, 20% kefir in drinking water, and a combination of 5% BCS and 20% kefir. NE was induced in broilers by administering ~5000 oocysts of Eimeria maxima orally on day 14, followed by inoculation with about 108 CFU/mL of Clostridium perfringens (Cp) (strain Cp#4) on days 19, 20, and 21. Live performance metrics including feed intake, body weight gain, and feed conversion were assessed in broilers. Additionally, NE disease outcomes such as lesion scores, mortality rates, and Cp populations in cecum were determined during the study. The BCS, kefir, and the combination had no detrimental effect on broiler live performance. BCS-treated and combination groups had lower NE scores (p > 0.05) in comparison to the positive control and exhibited no significant difference (p > 0.05) from antibiotic control. Additionally, treatment groups and antibiotic control were not significantly different (p > 0.05) in mortality, whereas the BCS and kefir combination significantly reduced (p < 0.05) mortality to 14.1% compared to 31.3% for the positive control. C. perfringens vegetative cells significantly decreased (p < 0.05) in treatments with BCS, kefir, and their combination on days 22 and 28 compared to the positive control. On day 22, Cp sores were significantly lower (p < 0.05) for the kefir and combination treatments compared to the positive control. In conclusion, BCS and kefir successfully reduced C. perfringens infection and mortality without any detrimental impact on broiler live performance with the combined treatment being the most effective. These results suggest that BCS and kefir could serve as potential alternatives to antibiotics in managing NE.
The effects of a prebiotic supplement (Prebio Support) on fecal and salivary IgA in neonatal dairy calves.; The newborn calf's gastrointestinal tract is sterile at birth, but by 3 days of age coliforms, Lactobacilli, and Bifidobacteria are the predominant flora in the feces. During the preweaning period, calves are susceptible to diarrhea that can lead to high levels of morbidity and mortality. Diarrhea has been related with a decrease of beneficial microbiota and an increase of coliform counts in feces. Prebiotic supplements are believed to decrease diarrhea and positively affect some parameters of the immune system. In calves, these supplements have shown some promising effects on intestinal microbial populations but there is limited information about effects on immunity. The main objectives of this study were to evaluate effects of a prebiotic supplement containing fermentation products of lactic acid bacteria on the mucosal immune system by measuring fecal and salivary IgA and to evaluate calf health and growth performance. In this trial 40 Holstein calves were randomly assigned to receive milk replacer with a prebiotic supplement (20 g/day Prebio Support TM; Meiji Feed Co., Ltd. Tokyo, Japan) or the same milk replacer with no prebiotic (control). Fecal and salivary IgA, calf health, plasma IgG, and lymphocyte counts were not affected by treatment. Lactobacilli count in feces was higher (P = 0.05) and Bifidobacteria tended to be higher (P = 0.07) in calves fed prebiotic. Prebiotic supplement increased beneficial bacteria in calves, but did not decrease overall incidence of diarrhea in this trial. Calves in this study were all affected by cryptosporidiosis and some were treated with antibiotics, so it is possible that this limited some of the effects of the prebiotic product. Fecal IgA seemed to be a good measure of mucosal immunity, and more studies are needed to develop methods to measure this type of immunity in calves. Copyright © 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The Effects of Medium-Chain Triglyceride Oil and Butter on Lipid Profiles.; Background and objective Butter coffee drinks, mainly a form of a saturated fat diet, are widely accepted as a "healthy energy-boosting drink", especially in the young and healthy military population. The objective of our study was to determine the effects of medium-chain triglyceride (MCT) oil and butter on lipid profile, especially apolipoprotein B (ApoB), low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol (LDL-C), high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol (HDL-C), and other risk factors for coronary heart disease, such as BMI, BP, fasting blood glucose, HbA1c, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) levels in healthy adults. Materials and methods We conducted a prospective study of 60 subjects who were randomized to one of the two following regimens: (1) coffee or (2) coffee with butter plus MCT oil combination. The primary outcome was the effect on ApoB. Secondary outcomes were as follows: non-HDL-C, LDL-C, triglycerides, BP, waist circumference, fasting blood glucose, and HbA1c. These parameters were evaluated at the baseline and after 12 weeks. The Mann-Whitney U test was utilized for analysis of the results. Results While 60 subjects were recruited for the study, only 41 completed it, meeting the minimum required sample size (17 per group) necessary to achieve the desired effect size: 21 males (nine in the control group and 12 in the experimental group) and 20 females (10 in each group). Anthropometric measures were similar between the two groups at baseline, and so were age and BMI (average age: 33.00 +/- 5.84 years among controls and 30.86 +/- 6.14 years in the experimental group; BMI: 27.35 +/- 4.63 kg/m2 vs. 25.74 +/- 2.70 kg/m2). The pulse rate was 69.35 +/- 10.98 in the control vs. 70.68 +/- 10.32 bpm in the experimental group. The waist size was also similar in both groups. Baseline lab findings were as follows: ApoB: 89.85 +/- 17.52 (control), 81.60 +/- 12.84 mg/dL (experimental); hs-CRP: 0.18 +/- 0.27 (control), 0.17 +/- 0.27 mg/L (experimental); LDL-C 113.65 +/-23.71 (control), 106.50 +/- 18.99 mg/dL (experimental); HDL-C 57.35 +/- 14.63 (control), 62.41 +/- 16.15 mg/dL (experimental); and triglycerides: 76.00 +/- 31.30 (control), 56.77 +/- 14.77 mg/dL (experimental), and these values were similar. The values after 12 weeks of intervention were as follows: BMI: 27.37 +/- 5.24 (control), 26.36 +/- 3.55 (experimental); pulse rate: 78.88 +/- 14.00 (control), 74.20 +/- 11.90 bpm (experimental); ApoB 87.1 +/- 17.38 (control), 85.7 +/-20.59 mg/dL (experimental); hs-CRP 0.26 +/- 0.22 (control), 0.15 +/- 0.14 mg/L (experimental); LDL-C 111.59 +/- 20.35 (control), 114.10 +/- 26.99 mg/dL (experimental); HDL-C 57.71 +/- 12.93 (control), 64.85 +/- 13.32 mg/dL (experimental); and triglycerides: 74.71 +/- 25.39 (control), 60.80 +/- 15.77 mg/dL (experimental). Conclusion At a significance level of 5%, there was no difference between the two groups, either at the baseline or at 12 weeks of intervention. Based on our findings, adding MCT oil and butter to coffee may be safe. However, further studies with larger sample sizes and longer duration are needed to validate our findings. Copyright © 2024, Hoang et al.
Modulation of plasma triglycerides concentration by sterol-based treatment in children carrying different genes.; BACKGROUND: Dyslipidemias have increased during the last decades in children., AIM: The objective of this study was to analyze the influence of different polymorphisms in plasma triglyceride levels of children following a dietary treatment with plant sterols., DESIGN: A randomized, double-blind, crossover, controlled clinical trial was carried out in 26 children (16 women)., MATERIALS AND METHODS: Commercial milk, with 2.24 g sterols, was ingested daily during 3 weeks , and the same amount of kimmed milk without sterols, during the 3 week placebo phase. Both phases were separated by a washout period of 2 weeks. At the beginning and end of each phase, blood draws were performed., RESULTS: Apolipoprotein A5 Ser19Trp (P = 0.002), peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-alpha L162V (P = 0.003), APOE APOE2/3/4 (P = 0.012), and APOE APOE2,3,4 (P = 0.025) show statistically significant differences between their haplotypes in plasma triglyceride levels. Other genes did not show statistically significant differences., CONCLUSIONS: Further studies are needed to establish which genotype combinations would be the most protective against hypertriglyceridemia.
Probiotic Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG improves insulin sensitivity and offspring survival via modulation of gut microbiota and serum metabolite in a sow model.; BACKGROUND: Sows commonly experience insulin resistance in late gestation and lactation, causing lower feed intake and milk production, which can lead to higher mortality rates in newborn piglets. The probiotic Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG (LGG) is known to improve insulin resistance. However, whether supplementing LGG can improve insulin sensitivity in sows and enhance lactation performance, particularly the early survival of offspring remains unclear. Hence, we explored the effects and mechanisms of supplementing LGG during late gestation and lactation on sow insulin sensitivity, lactation performance, and offspring survival. In total, 20 sows were randomly allocated to an LGG (n = 10) and control group (n = 10)., RESULTS: In sows, LGG supplementation significantly improved insulin sensitivity during late gestation and lactation, increased feed intake, milk production and colostrum lactose levels in early lactation, and enhanced newborn piglet survival. Moreover, LGG treatment significantly reshaped the gut microbiota in sows, notably increasing microbiota diversity and enriching the relative abundance of insulin sensitivity-associated probiotics such as Lactobacillus, Bifidobacterium, and Bacteroides. Serum metabolite and amino acid profiling in late-gestation sows also revealed decreased branched-chain amino acid and kynurenine serum levels following LGG supplementation. Further analyses highlighted a correlation between mitigated insulin resistance in late pregnancy and lactation by LGG and gut microbiota reshaping and changes in serum amino acid metabolism. Furthermore, maternal LGG enhanced immunity in newborn piglets, reduced inflammation, and facilitated the establishment of a gut microbiota., CONCLUSIONS: We provide the first evidence that LGG mitigates insulin resistance in sows and enhances offspring survival by modulating the gut microbiota and amino acid metabolism. Copyright © 2024. The Author(s).
The effect of Allium saralicum R. M. Fritsch nanocapsules in yogurt on type 2 diabetes in male rats: physicochemical characterization and pharmacodynamics assessment.; To treat illness, people are increasingly turning to natural foods rather than pharmaceuticals. Herbal extracts with antioxidant and anti-diabetic properties could be a good alternative for treating diabetes. The purpose of this study was to look into the effects of ethanol extraction on the Morphology of liver cells and hyperglycemia in rats of Allium saralicum RM Fritsch nanocapsules based on chitosan incorporated with yogurt. In this experimental study, 32 adult Wistar rats were randomly selected. The effect of Nano extraction on hypoglycemia was assessed using blood glucose levels three and fifteen days after a streptozotocin intraperitoneal (60 mg/kg) injection, as well as hepatocyte count and liver tissue morphology. The average size of the chitosan nanoparticles was determined to be 86 nm. After comparing the blood sugar levels of the A. saralicum nanocapsules groups to the untreated diabetes group, a significant decrease was constructed to observe hyperglycemia. Because of increased effective absorption in the intestine, nanocapsules incorporated into yogurt were able to reduce hyperglycemia in diabetic rats. As a result, a new yogurt formulation containing A. saralicum nanocapsules extract is recommended for diabetic patients. Copyright © King Abdulaziz City for Science and Technology 2023. Springer Nature or its licensor (e.g. a society or other partner) holds exclusive rights to this article under a publishing agreement with the author(s) or other rightsholder(s); author self-archiving of the accepted manuscript version of this article is solely governed by the terms of such publishing agreement and applicable law.
Supplementation with Combined Additive Improved the Production of Dairy Cows and Their Offspring with Maintenance of Antioxidative Stability.; Oxidative stress damage in periparturient cows decreases both production and their health; supplementation with complex additives during the periparturient period has been used as an important strategy to enhance the antioxidant status and production of dairy cows. The periparturient cows not only risk a negative energy balance due to reduced dry matter intake but also represent a sensitive period for oxidative stress. Therefore, we have developed an immunomodulatory and nutritional regulation combined additive (INC) that hopefully can improve the immune status and production of cows during the periparturient period and their offspring health and growth by improving their antioxidant stress status. The INC comprised a diverse array of additives, including water-soluble and fat-soluble vitamins, Selenomethionine, and active dry Saccharomyces cerevisiae. Forty-five multiparous Holstein cows were randomly assigned to three treatments: CON (no INC supplementation, n = 15), INC30 (30 g/d INC supplementation, n = 15), and INC60 (60 g/d INC supplementation, n = 15) based on last lactation milk yield, body condition score, and parity. Newborn calves were administered 4 L of maternal colostrum originating from the corresponding treatment and categorized based on the treatment received by their respective dams. The INC not only served to maintain the antioxidative stress system of dairy cows during the periparturient period but also showed a tendency to improve the immune response (lower tumor necrosis factor and interleukin-6) during the perinatal period. A linear decrease in concentrations of alkaline phosphatase postpartum and beta-hydroxybutyrate was observed with INC supplementation. Milk fat yield, milk protein yield, and energy-corrected milk yield were also increased linearly with increasing additive supplementation. Calves in the INC30 group exhibited greater wither height and chest girth but no significant effect on average daily gain or body weight. The diarrhea frequency was linearly decreased with the incremental level of INC. Results indicate that supplementation with INC in peripartum dairy cows could be a major strategy to improve immune response, decrease inflammation, maintain antioxidant stress status in transition dairy cows, and have merit in their calves. In conclusion, this study underlines the benefits of INC supplementation during the transition period, as it improved anti-inflammatory capacity, could positively impact antioxidative stress capacity, and eventually enhanced the production performance of dairy cows and the health and growth of calves.
Effects of feeding pomegranate seed pulp and coconut meal by-products on milk yield, milk quality, and metabolic responses of Awassi ewes and pre-weaning growth.; Background and Aim: Feeding by-products, such as pomegranate seed pulp (PSP) and coconut meal (COC), to livestock may enhance production efficiency and increase profits. This study aimed to evaluate the effects of PSP and COC on milk production, body weight change, metabolic response (Exp. 1), digestibility, and N balance (Exp. 2)., Materials and Methods: Twenty-four ewes nursing single lambs were randomly assigned to one of three diets: Control (CON) (n = 8), 7.5% PSP (n = 8), and 7.5% COC (n = 8) of dry matter (DM). Every sheep was born 3-4 days before the start of the experiment. The 1st week of the experiment was devoted to diet adaptation, while the data were collected during the following 8 weeks (Exp. 1). Nine lambs were randomly assigned to one of the three diets for intensive data collection to evaluate the diet digestibility and animal nitrogen (N) balance (Exp. 2). The data were analyzed using the MIXED SAS procedures., Results: The PSP group consumed more DM, followed by the COC and CON groups. For lambs, the final BW, total gain, and average daily gain in the PSP group were greater (p < 0.05) than those in the COC and CON groups. The CON group had lower milk output, total solids, protein, fat, and lactose levels than the PSP and COC groups (p < 0.05). The cost of milk production was lower (p < 0.05) in the PSP and COC diet groups than in the CON group. Blood serum parameters were similar among the dietary groups, except for total cholesterol and high-density lipoprotein, which were higher in the COC group than in the CON group. No differences were observed in nutrient digestibility and N balance., Conclusion: Feeding PSP and COC to nursing ewes appears beneficial because it increases milk production and pre-weaning lamb growth and reduces milk production cost. Copyright: © Obeidat, et al.
Topical Treatment of Melanoma In Situ, Lentigo Maligna, and Lentigo Maligna Melanoma with Imiquimod Cream: A Systematic Review of the Literature.; INTRODUCTION: The classical management of melanoma is surgery, but this can be challenging because of several factors, such as age, body area, lesion size, among others. Topical imiquimod may be a therapeutic option for the treatment of melanoma in situ and lentigo maligna melanoma due to its efficacy, tolerability, and non-invasiveness. The purpose of this systematic review is to assemble current evidence on the treatment of non-metastatic melanoma with topical imiquimod., METHODS: The PubMed/MEDLINE and Cochrane Library databases were searched as the primary sources using the main search terms "imiquimod" combined with "lentigo maligna" and "melanoma" with the command "AND." Articles were identified, screened, and extracted for relevant data, following the PRISMA guidelines., RESULTS: A total of 87 studies covering 1803 lesions treated with imiquimod cream were identified and included in this sytematic review. Forty-nine studies were case reports, 16 were retrospective analyses, 3 were open label trials, six were case series; one study was a controlled randomized trial, one was a randomized trial, and one was a single-arm phase III trial. Because of the high number of low-evidence studies, the overall risk of bias resulted high. In 55 studies, imiquimod 5% was used in monotherapy as the primary treatment; only in one study was imiquimod 3.75% introduced. In most cases, the topical treatment was applied once daily, with the exception of nine cases where an increased daily dosage was prescribed. The total duration of the treatment regimen was extremely variable and depended on body area and tolerability, with differences among patients of the same study. In six studies, imiquimod was used as neoadjuvant therapy before the surgical excision, and in 11 studies it was used after surgery as complementary or adjuvant therapy. In total, 1133 of the 1803 (62.8%) lesions were reported to be cleared after the treatment, taking into account that not all of the patients completed the treatment. Of these 1133 lesions, histological clearance was achieved in 645 (56.9%) lesions and clinical clearance only was achieved in 490 (43.2%) lesions; relapse occurred in 107 lesions., CONCLUSIONS: The heterogeneity of the studies included in this systematic review precludes the drawing of any relevant conclusions regarding the application of imiquimod. Its efficacy in melanoma in situ and lentigo maligna melanoma has been demonstrated, but further evidence from controlled studies concerning the modalities is missing. Copyright © 2023. The Author(s).
Milk protein concentrate supplementation improved appetite, metabolic parameters, adipocytokines, and body composition in dieting women with obesity: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Dairy consumption is associated with many health benefits. However, to our knowledge, no clinical trials examined the effects of milk protein concentrate (MPC) on metabolic health in overweight and obese adults. This study investigated the effect of supplementation with MPC on glycaemic status, lipid profile, biomarkers of inflammation, and anthropometric measurements in women with obesity under a weight loss diet., METHODS: This is a single-blind, open-labelled, parallel-group, randomized trial. Forty-four healthy women with obesity were randomized into a control (n = 22) or MPC (n = 22) group. Participants in the MPC group were supplemented with 30 g of MPC per day for 8 weeks. Both groups were on a calorie-restricted diet plan with 800 Kcal lower intakes than their needs. Blood samples, dietary intake, and body composition were assessed before and after the intervention., RESULTS: MPC group had a significantly lower body mass index (P = 0.009), waist circumference (P = 0.013), fat mass (P = 0.021), appetite score (P = 0.002), fasting blood sugar (P < 0.001), insulin (P = 0.027), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P = 0.025), and leptin (P = 0.014) levels and higher high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P = 0.001) and adiponectin (P = 0.032) compared to the control group after supplementation. Lean body mass, total cholesterol, and triglyceride did not differ significantly (P > 0.05)., CONCLUSION: Daily intake of 30 g of MPC for 8 weeks may improve several anthropometric and metabolic markers in women with obesity under a hypocaloric diet. Copyright © 2024. The Author(s).
Implementing Smarter Lunchrooms Makeovers in New York state middle schools: an initial process evaluation.; BACKGROUND: This paper presents design and findings from the process evaluation of a randomized controlled trial (RCT) testing the effectiveness of Smarter Lunchrooms Movement (SLM) interventions to encourage consumption of either fruit, vegetables, or unflavored milk in middle school cafeterias (grades 6-8, typically children ages 10-14 years). Using the RE-AIM (Reach, Effectiveness, Adoption, Implementation, and Maintenance) framework adapted for environmental interventions, the process evaluation monitored fidelity to SLM protocol, determined barriers and facilitators influencing fidelity, and identified the training and support needs of implementers., METHODS: Under research team guidance, community partners (interventionists) assisted school food service staff (providers) with a six week implementation of protocol items in 13 public middle school cafeterias (two milk treatment, three vegetable treatment, four fruit treatment, and four control) in New York State during the 2013-2014 academic year. Process evaluation measures included semi-quantitative measures of implementation and maintenance (lunchroom audits) and qualitative data (environmental assessments and semi-structured interviews with school food service staff). Analyses identified challenges and opportunities for improving intervention delivery., RESULTS: Approximately 75 % of enrolled students participated in school lunch programs and thus were exposed to the SLM intervention. Findings indicated potential contamination by other nutrition-related activities in the lunchroom and larger school environment may have affected the intervention impact. Modest implementation fidelity scores were observed for intervention treatments. Providers reported treatments were acceptable and feasible, however interventionists confirmed motivation and perceived effectiveness varied among schools. Post-intervention audits revealed limited maintenance of intervention protocols. Strategies to enhance buy-in and communication among providers and increased interventionist support are recommended., CONCLUSIONS: RE-AIM was a valuable framework for this process evaluation. Results highlighted implementation barriers and facilitators, and findings will enhance interpretation of forthcoming outcome data. Results will inform future iterations of the SLM RCT and provide valuable insights for those designing environmental interventions in school cafeterias.
Disturbances of Ruminal Microbiota and Liver Inflammation, Mediated by LPS and Histamine, in Dairy Cows Fed a High-Concentrate Diet.; The ecosystem of ruminal microbiota profoundly affects the health and milk production of dairy cows. High-concentrate diets are widely used in dairy farms and evoke a series of metabolic disorders. Several studies have reported the effects of high-concentrate diets on the ruminal microbiome, while the effect of changes in ruminal microbial flora, induced by high-concentrate diet feeding, on the liver of dairy cows has not been studied before. In this study, 12 mid-lactating Holstein Friesian cows (weight of 455 +/- 28 kg; parities of 2.5 +/- 0.5; starting milk yield of 31.59 +/- 3.2 kg/d; DMI of 21.7 +/- 1.1 kg/d; and a DIM at the start of the experiment of 135 +/- 28 d) were fitted with ruminal fistulas, as well as with portal and hepatic vein catheters. All cows were randomly divided into 2 groups; then, they fed with low-concentrate diets (LC, concentrate: forage = 40:60) and high-concentrate diets (HC, concentrate: forage = 60:40) for 18 weeks. The forage sources were corn silage and alfalfa hay. After the cows of two groups were euthanized over two consecutive days, ruminal microbiota; the concentration of LPS in the rumen content; cecum content; the levels of blood and histamine in rumen fluid, blood, and the liver; the histopathological status of the rumen and cecum; and the inflammatory response of the liver were assessed in dairy cows under conditions of subacute ruminal acidosis (SARA). These conditions were caused by high-concentrate diet feeding. All data were analyzed using the independent t-test in SPSS. The results showed that high-concentrate diet feeding increased the concentration of LPS and histamine in the rumen and plasma of veins (p < 0.05). The abundance of Bacteroidetes at the phylum level, and of both Bacteroidetes and Saccharibacteria at the genus level, was decreased, while the abundance of Firmicutes at the phylum level and Oscillibacter at the genus level was increased by high-concentrate diet feeding. The decreased pH values of ruminal contents (LC = 6.02, HC = 5.90, p < 0.05) and the increased level of LPS in the rumen (LC = 4.921 x 105, HC = 7.855 x 105 EU/mL, p < 0.05) and cecum (LC = 11.960 x 105, HC = 13.115 x 105 EU/mL, p < 0.01) induced the histopathological destruction of the rumen and cecum, combined with the increased mRNA expression of IL-1beta (p < 0.05). The histamine receptor H1R and the NF-kappaB signaling pathway were activated in the liver samples taken from the HC group. In conclusion, the elevated concentrations of LPS and histamine in the gut may be related to changes in the ruminal microbiota. LPS and histamine induced the inflammatory response in the ruminal epithelium, cecum epithelium, and liver. However, the cause-effect mechanism needs to be proved in future research. Our study offers a novel therapeutic strategy by manipulating ruminal microbiota and metabolism to decrease LPS and histamine release and to improve the health of dairy cows.
The effect of interaction between Melanocortin-4 receptor polymorphism and dietary factors on the risk of metabolic syndrome.; BACKGROUND: Controversial data is available on the effect of the Melanocortin-4 receptor (MC4R) gene variation on metabolic syndrome (MetS) and ineffectiveness of diet in managing MetS. Effects of the interaction between MC4R polymorphism and dietary factors on MetS were investigated in this study., METHODS: Subjects of this nested case-control study were selected from among participants of Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study. Each case (n = 815) was pair matched randomly with a control by age (+/-5 years) and sex from among those who had not developed >=1 MetS components at the time that the corresponding case developed MetS. Dietary patterns were determined using factor analysis on 25 foods groups using a valid and reliable, 168-item semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). MC4R rs12970134 were genotyped by Tetra-Primer ARMS-polymerase chain reaction analysis. Adjusted conditional logistic regression was used to estimate the interactions of SNP with quartiles of dietary factors in relation to MetS. MetS was defined by the modified National Cholesterol Education Program/Adult Treatment panel III., RESULTS: Two dietary patterns were extracted. The healthy dietary pattern was loaded heavily on vegetables, legumes, low fat dairy, whole grains, liquid oils and fruits; the western dietary pattern consisted of a high intake of soft drinks, fast foods, sweets, solid oils, red meats, salty snacks, refined grains, high fat dairy, tea and coffee, eggs and poultry. Among A allele carriers, being in the highest quartiles of western dietary pattern score and saturated fatty acid intake had an increased risk of MetS, compared to those in the lowest quartile (P trend = 0.007). Saturated fatty acid intake could modulate the association of A allele carriers of MC4R with MetS (P interaction = 0.03). A significant interaction was observed between rs12970134 with total fat and iron intake on the risk of abdominal obesity (P interaction < 0.05)., CONCLUSION: Our findings suggest an interaction between rs12970134 and western dietary pattern, fat and vegetable intakes on the risk of MetS or its components.
Comparison of the Efficacy of Clascoterone, Trifarotene, and Tazarotene for the Treatment of Acne: A Systematic Literature Review and Meta-Analysis.; INTRODUCTION: Acne vulgaris, a chronic inflammatory condition, is associated with significant physical and psychosocial burden. Since 2019, three new topical agents for acne vulgaris have been approved in the USA and Canada. We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis to compare the efficacy between twice-daily clascoterone cream 1%, once-daily trifarotene 0.005% cream, and once-daily tazarotene 0.045% lotion for acne treatment., METHODS: Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing clascoterone, trifarotene, or tazarotene with vehicle in patients with moderate-to-severe acne were identified from a systematic literature review and included in a meta-analysis. Primary outcomes were percentage reduction in inflammatory and noninflammatory lesion count (ILC and NILC, respectively) and treatment success rate (>= 2-grade improvement in Investigator's Global Assessment or Evaluator's Global Severity Score and a rating of clear or almost clear) at week 12. DerSimonian and Laird random-effects models with the inverse variance method were used to calculate the mean difference (MD) for percentage reduction in ILC and NILC, and odds ratios (ORs) for the rate of treatment success., RESULTS: Six Phase 3 RCTs were included in the meta-analysis. The analyses showed robust differences favoring the interventions for ILC (MD: - 11.5; 95% confidence interval [CI]: - 14.39, - 8.62), NILC (MD: - 12.25; 95% CI: - 15.21, - 9.29), and treatment success rate (OR: 2.14; 95% CI: 1.81, 2.53). No differences were observed between clascoterone, trifarotene, and tazarotene for ILC (MD: - 12.8, - 11.2, and - 10.1, respectively), NILC (MD: - 11.6, - 13.9, and - 12.8, respectively), or treatment success rate (OR: 2.9, 1.9, and 2.1, respectively (all P > 0.05)., CONCLUSION: No significant differences in efficacy were observed between clascoterone, trifarotene, and tazarotene after 12 weeks of treatment in patients with moderate-to-severe acne. Differences in application frequency and safety profile should also be taken into consideration when making treatment decisions. Copyright © 2024. The Author(s).
Substitution of Dairy Products and Risk of Death and Cardiometabolic Diseases: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Prospective Studies.; Substitution models in epidemiologic studies specifying both substitute and substituted food in relation to disease risk may be useful to inform dietary guidelines. A systematic review of prospective observational studies was performed to quantify the risks of all-cause mortality, cardiovascular disease, and type 2 diabetes (T2D) associated with the substitution of dairy products with other foods and between different dairy products. We systematically searched MEDLINE, Embase, and Web of Science until 28th June, 2023. We calculated summary relative risks (SRRs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) in random-effects meta-analyses. We assessed the risk of bias with the Risk Of Bias In Non-randomized Studies - of Exposure (ROBINS-E) tool and certainty of evidence (CoE) using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluations (GRADE) approach. Fifteen studies (with 34 publications) were included. There was moderate CoE that the substitution of low-fat dairy with red meat was associated with a higher risk of mortality, coronary artery disease, and T2D [SRR (95% CI): 1.11 (1.06, 1.16), 1.13 (1.08, 1.18), and 1.20 (1.16, 1.25)]. A higher risk of mortality and T2D was also observed when substituting low-fat dairy with processed meat [SRR (95% CI): 1.19 (1.11, 1.28) and 1.41 (1.33, 1.49); moderate CoE]. A lower mortality risk was associated with the substitution of dairy and yogurt with whole grains [SRR (95% CI): 0.89 (0.84, 0.93) and 0.91 (0.85, 0.97)], and butter with olive oil [SRR (95% CI): 0.94 (0.92, 0.97); all moderate CoE]. Mainly no associations were observed when substituting dairy products against each other on disease and mortality risk. Our findings indicate associations between substituting dairy with red or processed meat and higher disease risk, whereas its substitution with whole grains was associated with a lower risk. However, there is little robust evidence that substituting whole-fat with low-fat dairy is associated with disease risk. (CRD42022303198). Copyright © 2024 The Author(s).
The effect of probiotic-fortified kefir on cardiovascular risk factors in elderly population: a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial.; INTRODUCTION: The outbreak of cardiovascular disease (CVD) augments with age. Gut dysbiosis can worsen or initiate systemic disorders such as metabolic diseases and CVDs. Therefore, this research aimed to assess the effect of kefir fortified with Lactobacillus helveticus R0052 and Bifidobacterium longum R017 on CVD risk factors in the elderly population. The subjects of this study were selected from the Motahari Clinic in Shiraz, Iran., METHOD: This study was a double-blind, randomized, and controlled clinical trial that was conducted on 67 elderly people who were randomly divided into two groups: the fortified kefir group (n = 32), which received one bottle of fortified kefir (240 cc), and the placebo group (n = 35), which received one bottle of regular kefir for eight weeks. To analyze the data, SPSS software was applied., RESULTS: After eight weeks, significant differences were seen in atherogenic and Castell's risk index I between the fortified and regular groups (p = 0.048 and p = 0.048, respectively). No significant differences were found in Castelli's risk index II, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), total cholesterol, triglycerides (TG), non-HDL-C, TG-cholesterol index, and fasting blood sugar by comparing the two groups., CONCLUSION: Our investigation demonstrated that fortified kefir with probiotics did not significantly affect lipid profiles. Still, it could significantly affect some indices, including Castelli's risk index I and atherogenic index. More studies are required to confirm the findings and mechanisms of probiotics' effect on CVD risk factors., TRIAL NUMBER: The present registered at the Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials (IRCT20130227012628N3) at 2023-02-21. Copyright © 2024. The Author(s).
Fatty acid-balanced oil improved nutrient digestibility, altered milk composition in lactating sows and fecal microbial composition in piglets.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to investigate the effects of dietary supplementation of a fatty acid-balanced oil, instead of soybean oil, on reproductive performance, nutrient digestibility, blood indexes, milk composition in lactating sows, and fecal microbial composition in piglets., METHODS: Twenty-four sows (LandracexYorkshire, mean parity 4.96) were randomly allotted to two treatments with twelve pens per treatment and one sow per pen based on their backfat thickness and parity. The experiment began on day 107 of gestation and continued until weaning on day 21 of lactation, lasting for 28 days. The control group (CG) was fed a basal diet supplemented with 2% soybean oil and the experimental group (EG) was fed the basal diet supplemented with 2% fatty acid-balanced oil., RESULTS: The fatty acid-balanced oil supplementation increased (p<0.05) the apparent total tract digestibility of dry matter, crude protein, and gross energy in sows. The lower (p<0.05) serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and albumin levels of sows were observed in the EG on day 21 of lactation. Dietary supplementation with the fatty acid-balanced oil decreased the fat content, increased the immunoglobulin G level, and changed (p<0.05) some fatty acid content in milk. Moreover, the fatty acid-balanced oil supplementation changed (p<0.05) the fecal microbial composition of piglets, where the average relative abundance of Spirochaetota was decreased (p<0.05) by 0.55% at the phylum level, and the average relative abundance of some potentially pathogenic fecal microorganism was decreased (p<0.05) at the species level., CONCLUSION: The fatty acid-balanced oil improved nutrient digestibility, changed the serum biochemical indices and milk composition of sows, and ameliorated the fecal microbial composition of piglets.
Exploring the Effectiveness of Ajwain Cream in Treating Taxane-induced Peripheral Neuropathy in Cancer Patients: A Pilot, Randomised and Double-blind Clinical Trial.; Objectives: Chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy is a common disorder among cancer patients receiving various chemotherapeutic protocols. The present study aimed to explore the feasibility of ajwain (Trachyspermum ammi [L.] Sprague) cream in treating peripheral neuropathy symptoms triggered by taxane chemotherapeutic agents., Materials and Methods: This was a pilot, double-blind, and randomised clinical trial on patients with peripheral neuropathy attributable to chemotherapy with taxane drugs during 2021-2022 in Tehran. Patients received ajwain or placebo cream for four weeks and filled out the chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy assessment tool (CIPNAT) at the start and end finale of the trial. Side effects were also noted., Results: Thirty patients suffering from breast, lung, gastro-intestinal, or prostate cancer were allocated to each of the drug and placebo groups. The mean difference in CIPNAT score between the groups was 0.83, demonstrating the statistical ineffectiveness of the drug compared with the placebo (P = 0.372). The safety profile showed promising outcomes at the end of the trial., Conclusion: Although the effectiveness of ajwain cream was unacceptable in treating chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy symptoms, multicentre controlled trials with ample sample size are mandatory for an all-inclusive inference. Copyright © 2024 Published by Scientific Scholar on behalf of Indian Journal of Palliative Care.
Efficacy of an aloe vera, chamomile, and thyme cosmetic cream for the prophylaxis and treatment of mild dermatitis induced by radiation therapy in breast cancer patients (the Alantel study).; Objectives: Radiation-induced dermatitis (RD) is one of the most common toxicities in radiation therapy (RT) patients. Corticosteroids, immunosuppressants, and natural products (NPs) have been used as treatment. The objective was to evaluate the efficacy of a NPs-based cream (Alantel R) to reduce the incidence of RD in women with breast cancer undergoing RT treatment., Design: We conducted a controlled, randomized, double-blind clinical trial., Setting: Radiation Oncology Unit of the Reina Sofia Hospital and 5 Primary Care centers of the Cordoba and Guadalquivir Health District (Spain)., Interventions: Patients assigned to the experimental group (GTA) were treated with Alantel, while those in the control group (GTE) were treated with a moisturizer and emollient cream., Main outcome measures: The primary outcome variable was the incidence of RD. RD-free time, duration of RD, quality of life, and product safety were also assessed., Results: Seventy patients were included in the study, 35 in the GTA and 35 in the GTE. The incidence of RD was lower in the GTA (71.4%) than in the GTE (91.4%) after 4 weeks of follow-up (RR = 0.78; NNT = 5; p < 0.031). The Skindex-29 questionnaire showed differences in the statement: "My skin condition makes it hard to work or do hobbies" (17.1% in the GTE vs. 2.9% in GTA; p = 0.024)., Conclusions: The higher efficacy of Alantel R compared to the control cream in reducing the incidence of RD in women with breast cancer has been demonstrated. Copyright © 2024 The Authors.
Ingesting Yogurt Containing Lactobacillus plantarum OLL2712 Reduces Abdominal Fat Accumulation and Chronic Inflammation in Overweight Adults in a Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trial.; BACKGROUND: Chronic inflammation and insulin resistance are factors that are related to obesity. We have suggested that the administration of heat-treated Lactobacillus plantarum OLL2712 (OLL2712) cells can improve glucose and lipid metabolism by suppressing chronic inflammation in mouse models and a preliminary clinical study., OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate whether ingesting OLL2712 cells can reduce body fat accumulation and improve metabolic risk factors, in overweight, healthy adults., METHODS: This study was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group trial conducted at a single center in Japan. The study participants included 100 overweight (BMI range, >=25 to <30 kg/m2) adults aged 20-64 y. They were randomly assigned to either the placebo or OLL2712 group (n = 50 each) and were administered conventional yogurt or yogurt containing >5 x 109 heat-treated OLL2712 cells, respectively, daily for 12 wk. The primary outcome was the 12-wk change in the abdominal fat area, as assessed by computed tomography, and the secondary outcomes were glucose and lipid metabolism-related parameters and chronic inflammation markers, which were analyzed using a linear mixed model., RESULTS: The 12-wk change of abdominal fat area (difference: 8.5 cm2; 95% CI: 0.3, 16.6 cm2; P = 0.040) and fasting plasma glucose (difference: 3.2 mg/dL; 95% CI: 0.8, 5.6 mg/dL; P = 0.021) were significantly less in the OLL2712 group than the placebo group. The overall trend of serum IL-6 was significantly decreased in the OLL2712 group compared with baseline and the placebo group., CONCLUSIONS: The ingestion of heat-treated OLL2712 cells reduces body fat accumulation and the deterioration of glycemic control and chronic inflammation, in overweight, healthy adults. We hypothesize that OLL2712 cells may prevent obesity by regulating chronic inflammation. This trial was registered at the University Hospital Medical Information Network Clinical Trials Registry as UMIN000027709. Copyright © The Author(s) 2021. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition.
Alleviation of Metabolic Endotoxemia by Milk Fat Globule Membrane: Rationale, Design, and Methods of a Double-Blind, Randomized, Controlled, Crossover Dietary Intervention in Adults with Metabolic Syndrome.; BACKGROUND: Milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) is a phospholipid-rich component of dairy fat that might explain the benefits of full-fat dairy products on cardiometabolic risk. Preclinical studies support that MFGM decreases gut permeability, which could attenuate gut-derived endotoxin translocation and consequent inflammatory responses that impair cardiometabolic health., OBJECTIVES: To describe the rationale, study design, and planned outcomes that will evaluate the efficacy of MFGM-enriched milk compared with a comparator beverage on health-promoting gut barrier functions in persons with metabolic syndrome (MetS)., METHODS: We plan a double-blind, randomized, crossover trial in which people with MetS will receive a rigorously controlled eucaloric diet for 2 wk that contains 3 daily servings of an MFGM-enriched bovine milk beverage or a comparator beverage that is formulated with nonfat dairy powder, coconut and palm oils, and soy phospholipids. Compliance will be monitored by assessing urinary para-aminobenzoic acid that is added to all test beverages. After the intervention, participants will ingest a high-fat/high-carbohydrate meal challenge to assess metabolic excursions at 30-min intervals for 3 h. Nondigestible sugar probes also will be ingested prior to collecting 24-h urine to assess region-specific gut permeability. Intervention efficacy will be determined based on circulating endotoxin (primary outcome) and glycemia (secondary outcome). Tertiary outcomes include: gut and systemic inflammatory responses, microbiota composition and SCFAs, gut permeability, and circulating insulin and incretins., EXPECTED RESULTS: MFGM is expected to decrease circulating endotoxin and glycemia without altering body mass. These improvements are anticipated to be accompanied by decreased gut permeability, decreased intestinal and circulating biomarkers of inflammation, increased circulating incretins, and beneficial antimicrobial and prebiotic effects in the gut microbiome., CONCLUSIONS: Demonstration of improvements in gut barrier functions that limit endotoxemia and glycemia could help to establish direct evidence that full-fat dairy lowers cardiometabolic risk, especially in people with MetS. The clinical trial associated with this article has been registered at clinicaltrials.gov (NCT03860584). Copyright © The Author(s) on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition 2020.
Impact of a High Intake of Dairy Product on Insulin Sensitivity in Hyperinsulinemic Adults: A Crossover Randomized Controlled Trial.; BACKGROUND: Dairy product intake has been associated with decreased risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) in cohort studies. However, results from clinical trials on T2D-related risk factors remain inconclusive., OBJECTIVE: The aim of this clinical trial was to evaluate the impact of high dairy product intake (HD) (>=4 servings/d) for 6 wk, compared with an adequate dairy product intake (AD) (<=2 servings/d), on glycemic and insulinemic parameters, insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion, and beta-cell function in hyperinsulinemic adults., METHODS: In this crossover clinical trial, hyperinsulinemic adults were randomly assigned to HD or AD for 6 wk, then crossed over after a 6-wk washout period. Serum glucose, insulin, C-peptide, HOMA-IR, Matsuda index, insulinogenic index, and disposition index were measured and analyzed using a repeated-measures mixed model adjusted for age, sex, and BMI. Anthropometric measures were collected and food intake was evaluated using a validated FFQ., RESULTS: Nineteen men and 8 women completed the study (mean +/- SD age: 55 +/- 14 y; BMI: 31.3 +/- 3.3 kg/m2. Dairy product intake was 5.8 servings/d in the HD condition and 2.3 servings/d in the AD condition after 6 wk. No difference was observed between HD and AD after 6 wk for all outcomes., CONCLUSIONS: HD does not affect glycemic and insulinemic parameters, insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion, and beta-cell function over AD in hyperinsulinemic adults. Additional larger and longer studies assessing T2D-related risk factors are required. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02961179.
Soy Protein Isolate Suppresses Bone Resorption and Improves Trabecular Microarchitecture in Spontaneously Hyperphagic, Rapidly Growing Male OLETF Rats.; BACKGROUND: Traditionally, milk proteins have been recommended for skeletal health; recently, soy proteins have emerged as popular alternatives. Excess adiposity appears detrimental to skeletal health, as obese adolescents have increased fracture rates compared with healthy controls. However, soy protein effects on skeletal health during excess adiposity remain unknown., OBJECTIVE: The study objective was to examine the effects of isocaloric diets containing milk protein isolate (MPI), soy protein isolate (SPI), or a 50/50 combination (MIX) as the sole protein source on metabolic health indicators and bone outcomes in rapidly growing, hyperphagic, male Otsuka Long Evans Tokushima Fatty (OLETF) rats., METHODS: OLETF rats, aged 4 wk, were randomly assigned to 3 treatment groups (MPI, SPI, or MIX, n = 20 per group) and provided with access to experimental diets ad libitum for 16 wk., RESULTS: Body mass did not differ between the groups, but SPI had lower percentage body fat than MPI (P = 0.026). Insulin was lower in MPI than in MIX (P = 0.033) or SPI (P = 0.044), but fasting blood glucose was not different between the groups. SPI significantly reduced serum cholesterol compared with MPI (P = 0.001) and MIX (P = 0.002). N-terminal propeptide of type I collagen (P1NP) was higher in MIX than MPI (P = 0.05); C-terminal telopeptide of type 1 collagen (CTx) was higher in MPI than SPI (P < 0.001) and MIX (P < 0.001); the P1NP to CTx ratio was significantly higher in SPI and MIX than in MPI (P < 0.001). Trabecular separation was reduced in SPI compared with MPI (P = 0.030) and MIX (P = 0.008); trabecular number was increased in SPI compared with MIX (P = 0.038). No differences were seen in cortical geometry and biomechanical properties., CONCLUSIONS: In the context of excess adiposity, soy- and milk-based proteins have comparable effects on cortical bone geometry and biomechanical properties, whereas soy-based proteins favorably affect the trabecular microarchitecture, and the combination of both proteins may offer additional benefits to bone remodeling in rapidly growing male OLETF rats.
Dairy Foods in a Moderate Energy Restricted Diet Do Not Enhance Central Fat, Weight, and Intra-Abdominal Adipose Tissue Losses nor Reduce Adipocyte Size or Inflammatory Markers in Overweight and Obese Adults: A Controlled Feeding Study.; Background. Research on dairy foods to enhance weight and fat loss when incorporated into a modest weight loss diet has had mixed results. Objective . A 15-week controlled feeding study to determine if dairy foods enhance central fat and weight loss when incorporated in a modest energy restricted diet of overweight and obese adults. Design. A 3-week run-in to establish energy needs; a 12-week 500 kcal/d energy reduction with 71 low-dairy-consuming overweight and obese adults randomly assigned to diets: <=1 serving dairy/d (low dairy, LD) or <=4 servings dairy/d (adequate dairy, AD). All foods were weighed and provided by the metabolic kitchen. Weight, fat, intra-abdominal adipose tissue (IAAT), subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) macrophage number, SAT inflammatory gene expression, and circulating cytokines were measured. Results . No diet differences were observed in weight, fat, or IAAT loss; nor SAT mRNA expression of inflammation, circulating cytokines, fasting lipids, glucose, or insulin. There was a significant increase (P = 0.02) in serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D in the AD group. Conclusion . Whether increased dairy intake during weight loss results in greater weight and fat loss for individuals with metabolic syndrome deserves investigation. Assessment of appetite, hunger, and satiety with followup on weight regain should be considered.
Effects of a multi-strain probiotic on growth, health, and fecal bacterial flora of neonatal dairy calves.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of dietary supplementation with a multi-strain probiotic (MSP) product containing of Bifidobacterium animalis, Lactobacillus casei, Streptococcus faecalis, and Bacillus cerevisiae on growth, health, and fecal bacterial composition of dairy calves during the first month of life., METHODS: Forty Holstein calves (24 female and 16 male) at 2 d of age were grouped by sex and date of birth then randomly assigned to 1 of 4 treatments: milk replacer supplementation with 0 g (0MSP), 2 g (2MSP), 4 g (4MSP), and 6 g (6MSP) MSP per calf per day., RESULTS: Supplementation of MSP did not result in any significant differences in parameters of body measurements of calves during the 30 d period. As the dosage of MSP increased, the average daily gain (p = 0.025) and total dry matter intake (p = 0.020) of calves showed a linear increase. The fecal consistency index of the 2MSP, 4MSP, and 6MSP group calves were lower than that of the 0MSP group calves (p = 0.003). As the dosage of MSP increased, the concentrations of lactate dehydrogenase (p = 0.068) and aspartate aminotransferase (p = 0.081) in serum tended to decrease, whereas the concentration of total cholesterol increased quadratically (p = 0.021). The relative abundance of Dorea in feces was lower (p = 0.011) in the 2MSP, 4MSP, and 6MSP group calves than that in the 0MSP group calves. The relative abundance of Dorea (p = 0.001), Faecalibacterium (p = 0.050), and Mitsuokella (p = 0.030) decreased linearly, whereas the relative abundance of Prevotella tended to increase linearly as the dosage of MSP increased (p = 0.058)., CONCLUSION: The MSP product can be used to reduce the diarrhea, improve the performance, and alter the composition of the fecal bacteria in neonatal dairy calves under the commercial conditions.
The effect of yogurt co-fortified with probiotic and vitamin D on lipid profile, anthropometric indices and serum 25-hydroxi vitamin D in obese adult: A Double-Blind Randomized- Controlled Trial.; Vitamin D deficiency can be regarded as one of the overgrowing health problem in all of the world. Evidence from a clinical trial suggested a role for probiotic bacteria in increasing vitamin D. However, probiotic's effect is strain specific and this effect should be confirmed about different strains. The objective was to determine if yogurt fortification with probiotic bacteria, Lactobillus acidophilus La-B5, Bifidobacterium lactis Bb-12 either alone or in combination with vitamin D can be a complementary treatment for vitamin D deficiency. The end-points were vitamin D, cardio metabolic lipid profile, anthropometric indices (weight, height, waist, hip, fat mass, lean body mass) and dietary intake. A 10-week parallel-group, double-blind, randomized and controlled trial was conducted on 140 obese men and women. The participants were randomly allocated to receive 100 grams either 1) plain low-fat yogurt or 2) probiotic yogurt or 3) vitamin D-fortified yogurt or 4) probiotic and vitamin D cofortified yogurt. All groups received low-calorie diet. Vitamin D increased significantly in group 4 (p = .008), group 3 (p = .001) and group 1 (p = .012 with no difference between groups. Vitamin D-fortified yogurt had the most effect size and showed a significant difference versus plain (p = .018) and probiotic yogurt (p = .002). Regarding lipid profile, there were no significant differences between groups. Data from this study does not support the hypothesis that yogurt fortified with probiotic bacteria, Lactobillus acidophilus La-5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb-12 either alone or in combination with vitamin D might impose any increasing effect on serum level of vitamin D in comparison with vitamin D-fortified yogurt. Copyright © 2020 The Authors. Food Science & Nutrition published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Effect of human milk-based fortification in extremely preterm infants fed exclusively with breast milk: a randomised controlled trial.; Background: Mortality and severe morbidity remain high in extremely preterm infants. Human milk-based nutrient fortifiers may prevent serious complications and death. We aimed to investigate whether supplementation with human milk-based fortifier (HMBF), as compared to bovine milk-based fortifier (BMBF), reduced the incidence of the composite outcome of necrotising enterocolitis (NEC), sepsis, and mortality in extremely preterm infants exclusively fed human milk., Methods: In this multicentre, randomised controlled trial at 24 neonatal units in Sweden, extremely preterm infants born between gestational week 22 + 0 and 27 + 6 fed exclusively human breast milk (mother's own and/or donor milk), were randomly assigned (1:1) to receive targeted fortification with either HMBF or BMBF. Randomisation was conducted before the enteral feeds reached 100 mL/kg/day, and was stratified by enrolment site, gestational age, singleton/twin, and sex. The allocation was concealed before inclusion, but after randomisation the study was not blinded for the clinical staff. For the NEC diagnosis, the study group was masked to an independent radiologist, and the final assessment of NEC and culture-proven sepsis was done by a blinded consensus panel review. The primary outcome was the composite of NEC stage II-III, culture-proven sepsis, and mortality from inclusion to discharge, no longer than postmenstrual week 44 + 0, in the intention-to-treat population (ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT03797157)., Findings: Between February 21st, 2019, and May 21st, 2021, 229 neonates were randomly assigned (115 HMBF, 114 BMBF). After exclusion of one infant due to parents' withdrawal of consent, 228 infants were included in the intention-to-treat analysis. Of the 115 infants assigned to HMBF, 41 (35.7%) fulfilled the criteria of either NEC, sepsis, or death, compared with 39 (34.5%) of 113 infants assigned to BMBF (OR 1.05, 95% CI 0.61-1.81, p = 0.86). Adverse events did not differ significantly between groups., Interpretation: Supplementation with HMBF, as compared with BMBF, did not reduce the incidence of the composite outcome of NEC, sepsis, or death. Our results do not support routine supplementation with HMBF as a nutritional strategy to prevent NEC, sepsis, or death in extremely preterm infants exclusively fed human milk., Funding: ALF grant, Prolacta Bioscience, Swedish Research Council, and Research Council for Southeast Sweden. Copyright © 2023 The Author(s).
Effects of Lactose-Restricted Regimen in Breastfeeding Children with Acute Diarrhea.; BACKGROUND: Acute diarrhea is a major cause of mortality in children. Few studies have addressed the administration of lactose-restricted diets in breastfed children with acute diarrhea. The present study was conducted to investigate the effects of a lactose-restricted regimen on breastfed children with acute diarrhea treated with zinc supplements., METHODS: The present single-blind randomized clinical trial was conducted on children aged 6-24 months in Amirkola Children's Hospital (2015-2017). 90 children were randomly assigned to two groups. Group A was daily treated with 20 mg of zinc and a lactose-restricted diet and breast milk for two weeks. Group B received 20 mg of zinc and breast milk and an age-appropriate diet for two weeks. The data collected in all the subjects included the frequency of diarrhea and the mean duration of hospitalization and recovery from diarrhea., RESULTS: The two groups were not significantly different in terms of mean age, weight and ratio of males to females. The mean duration of hospitalization was found to be 3.1 +/- 0.8 days in group A and 3.2 +/- 0.6 in group B (P = 0.3), the mean duration of recovery to be 2.9 +/- 0.8 in group A and 2.6 +/- 1.1 in group B (P = 0.2) and the mean frequency of diarrhea 2.9 +/- 0.7 in group A and 2.8 +/- 0.8 days in group B (P = 0.5), suggesting no significant differences between the two groups. No adverse effects associated with zinc therapy were reported., CONCLUSIONS: A lactose-restricted regimen was found not to be beneficial for children with acute diarrhea under continuous breastfeeding and zinc therapy. Copyright: © 2020 International Journal of Preventive Medicine.
Feasibility of adjuvant self-administered intravaginal 5-fluorouracil cream following primary treatment of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 2 or 3 among women living with HIV in Kenya: study protocol for a pilot trial.; Background: Women living with HIV (WLWH), the majority of whom live in low- and middle-income countries (LMICs), are at higher risk of cervical precancer, known as cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN), and are up to six times more likely to get cervical cancer. Current CIN treatment methods, primarily ablation or excision, have high treatment failure rates among WLWH, up to 30% for CIN grade 2 or 3 (CIN2/3) at 24 months following ablation. Without strong follow-up many WLWH with treatment failure are at risk of developing invasive cervical cancer, highlighting the urgent need for improved CIN treatment methods. Prior studies in high-income countries (HICs) have demonstrated that 5-Fluorouracil (5-FU) cream, an antimetabolite drug that is easily accessible in LMICs, can be used intravaginally as adjuvant therapy following primary CIN2/3 treatment in WLWH to reduce CIN2/3 recurrence. While the safety, acceptability, and efficacy of self-administered 5-FU for cervical precancer treatment has been demonstrated in HICs, it has not been studied among WLWH in LMICs who bear the greatest burden of cervical cancer., Methods: We are conducting a Phase I pilot study investigating the feasibility of using 5-FU cream as an adjuvant, self-administered intravaginal therapy following cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 2/3 (CIN2/3) treatment among WLWH in Kenya (ClinicalTrials.gov NCT05362955). Twelve participants will be enrolled in this single-arm study. Participants will self-administer 2g of 5% 5-FU cream intravaginally every other week for eight applications. The primary objective is to determine safety, defined as the type, frequency, and severity of adverse events (AEs) using a standardized grading scale. The secondary objectives are uptake, tolerability, adherence, and acceptability., Results: There are no results at this time as this is an ongoing study., Discussion: To achieve the World Health Organization (WHO) 90/70/90 global cervical cancer elimination goals, which include 90% of women with cervical precancer adequately treated by 2030, it is essential to employ innovative and resource-appropriate strategies to improve cervical precancer treatment among WLWH. The use of 5-FU as adjuvant therapy following current screen & treat programs may be a feasible and scalable strategy to optimize outcomes in this high-risk group. This clinical trial will provide important feasibility data to inform future randomized efficacy trials in LMICs., Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT05362955.
Effect of ewe's (semi-skimmed and whole) and cow's milk yogurt consumption on the lipid profile of control subjects: a crossover study.; Yogurt is the most widely consumed fermented milk product worldwide. Studies have mainly used milk and dairy products from cow, which have a lower fat content than those from ewe and a different lipid profile. This study investigated the effect on the lipid profile of control subjects of three different set yogurts: (a) semi-skimmed ewe's milk yogurt (2.8% milk fat); (b) whole ewe's milk yogurt (5.8 % milk fat); (c) cow's milk yogurt (3 % milk fat). A randomized crossover study included 30 healthy adults (16 women) to consume 250 g/yogurt/day during three consecutive 5-weeks periods separated by 4-week washouts. Blood samples were collected at the start and end of each period for the analysis of serum cholesterol (total, HDL-, LDL-) and triglycerides. We found no differences in the serum concentrations of lipid and lipoprotein fractions of the volunteers after the intake of any of the three types of yogurts. When the volunteers were grouped into two risk groups of risk according to their total cholesterol/HDL cholesterol ratio, the same differences between the groups in terms of the cholesterol (HDL-, LDL-) and triglyceride responses at baseline and after yogurt intake were found, with no effects due to the different types of yogurts. Moreover, we performed compositional analysis of the yogurts including determination of protein, fat, minerals and fatty acids (FA). Contents in protein, calcium, magnesium, non-protein nitrogen and some FA (mainly short-chain-FA) were higher for ewe's than for cow's milk yogurt. n6-n3 ratio was lower in the ewe's milk yogurt. In conclusion, yogurt intake, from ewe's and cow's milk, at levels of consumption compatible with a varied diet, neither decreases nor increases plasma lipoprotein cholesterol levels in apparently healthy individuals. As ewe's milk yogurt has a high content of macro- and micronutrients, certain target populations could benefit from its consumption.
Effect of a high intake of cheese on cholesterol and metabolic syndrome: results of a randomized trial.; BACKGROUND: Cheese is generally rich in saturated fat, which is associated with increased risk for cardiovascular diseases. Nevertheless, recent reports suggest that cheese may be antiatherogenic., OBJECTIVE: The goal of this study was to assess whether intake of two types of Norwegian cheese, with widely varying fat and calcium content, might influence factors of the metabolic syndrome and serum cholesterol levels differently., DESIGN: A total of 153 participants were randomized to one of three groups: Gamalost( R), a traditional fat- and salt-free Norwegian cheese (50 g/day), Gouda-type cheese with 27% fat (80 g/day), and a control group with a limited cheese intake. Blood samples, anthropometric measurements, blood pressure, and questionnaires about lifestyle and diet were obtained at inclusion and end., RESULTS: At baseline, there were no differences between the groups in relevant baseline characteristics, mean age 43, 52.3% female. After 8 weeks' intervention, there were no changes in any of the metabolic syndrome factors between the intervention groups compared with the control group. There were no increases in total- or LDL cholesterol in the cheese groups compared with the control. Stratified analysis showed that those in the Gouda group with metabolic syndrome at baseline had significant reductions in total cholesterol at the end of the trial compared with control (-0.70 mmol/L, p=0.013), and a significantly higher reduction in mean triglycerides. In the Gamalost group, those who had high total cholesterol at baseline had a significant reduction in total cholesterol compared with control (-0.40 mmol/L, p=0.035)., CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, cholesterol levels did not increase after high intake of 27% fat Gouda-type cheese over 8 weeks' intervention, and stratified analysis showed that participants with metabolic syndrome had reduced cholesterol at the end of the trial.
Ghee and honey dressing for infected wounds.; Ghee and honey has been advocated and used as dressing for infected wounds by Sushruta (600BC) and since 1991 in four Mumbai Hospitals. The gratifying results observed with the dressing have prompted this study which aims to establish its efficacy in five recalcitrant subset of chronic infected wounds over a three year period 2006-2009. A standardized ghee and honey dressing was used to treat: a) Eight cases of fungating malignant lesions. b) Thirteen chronic venous ulcers. c) Twenty nine diabetic foot ulcers. d) Eleven of infected ventral hernia mesh hernioplasty. e) Eleven patient with post-cesarean wound dehiscence. The dressing markedly reduced the foul odour and discharge, significantly improving the quality of life in malignant lesions. The results were equivocal in cases of venous ulcers. The results were uniformly good in the last three groups. In view of our results, as also result of innumerable Randomized Control Trials (RCTs) reported on honey dressing for infected wounds, there is substantial evidence that ghee and honey dressing has at least comparable results to other modes of treatment. The easy availability and low cost of this treatment makes it significant in developing countries. Further trials seem warranted.
A comparative study of paediatric thermal burns treated with topical heparin and without heparin.; Following reports of heparin use in burn treatment, an ethics-committee-approved prospective randomized study with controls compared results obtained using traditional usual burn treatment without heparin with results in similar patients similarly treated with heparin added topically. The subjects were 100 consecutive burn patients (age <15 years) with second-degree superficial and deep burns of 5-45 % total body surface area size. Two largely similar cohort groups-a control group (C) and a heparin group (H) with 50 subjects per group-were randomly treated. The 50 control group patients received traditional routine treatment, including topical antimicrobial cream, debridement, and, when needed, skin grafts in the early postburn period. The 50 heparin group patients, without topical cream, were additionally treated, starting on day 1 postburn, with 200 IU/ml sodium aqueous heparin solution USP (heparin) dripped on the burn surfaces and inserted into the blisters two to four times a day for 1-2 days, and then only on burn surfaces for a total of 5-7 days, before skin grafting, when needed. Thereafter, control and heparin group treatment was similar. It was found that the heparin patients complained of less pain and received less pain medicine than the control patients. The heparin group needed fewer dressings and oral antibiotics than the control group. The 50 heparin group patients had 4 skin graftings (8 %), while the 50 control group patients had 10 (20 %). Five control group patients died (mortality 10 %). No heparin group patients died. The number of days in hospital for the heparin group versus control group was significantly less (overall P < 0.0001): 58 % of heparin group patients were discharged within 10 days versus 6 % of control group patients; 82 % of heparin group patients were out in 20 days versus 14 % of control group patients; 98 % of the heparin group versus 44 % of the control group were out in 30 days; and while 100 % of heparin group patients were discharged by day 40, 56 % of the control group required up to another 10 days. Burns in heparin group patients healed on average in 15 days (maximum period 37 days) versus an average of 25 days (maximum >48 days) in control group patients (P < 0.0006). Procedures and costs in the heparin group were much reduced compared with the control group. Differences between the heparin and control groups are presented for the sake of comparison. It was concluded that heparin applied topically for 5-7 days improved burn treatment: it reduced pain, pain medicine, dressings, and use of antibiotics; it significantly reduced IV fluids (P < 0.04), days in hospital (P < 0.0001), and healing time (P < 0.0006); and it reduced skin grafts, mortality, and costs.
Dairy products and prevention of type 2 diabetes: implications for research and practice.; A growing body of scientific evidence has linked dairy intake to a reduced type 2 diabetes (T2D) risk. Using an evidence-based approach, we reviewed the most recent and strongest evidence on the relationship between dairy intake and the risk of T2D. Evidence indicates that dairy intake is significantly associated with a reduced T2D risk, and likely in a dose-response manner. The association between low-fat dairy and T2D risk reduction appears consistent. A beneficial impact is suggested for regular-fat dairy. The role of specific dairy products needs to be clarified. Potential underlying mechanisms include the role of dairy products in obesity and metabolic syndrome, as well as several dairy components, such as calcium, vitamin D, dairy fat, and specifically trans-palmitoleic acid. To conclude, there is strong, consistent, and accumulating evidence that dairy intake reduces the risk of T2D. More research is needed to better understand the role of regular-fat and specific dairy products. Well-designed randomized controlled trials and mechanistic studies are needed to support these findings. Efforts to translate this evidence into clinical practice and public health guidance are needed.
Family-based intervention for controlling childhood obesity: an experience among Iranian children.; BACKGROUND: Treatment of childhood obesity is difficult, and successful management may differ in various areas with different cultural backgrounds. The present study was conducted to assess the effect of lifestyle modification family-based intervention in young Iranian children., METHODS: This field trial study was conducted in 2011 among 156 obese children in Tehran, Iran. They were randomly assigned to intervention and control groups. At baseline, anthropometric measurements and biochemical analysis were performed. The second and third phases consisted of training sessions for parents of the intervention group. At the fourth phase, there was no training program. In all four phases, questionnaires on demographic characteristics, lifestyle and food frequency were completed by interviewing with mothers, and biochemical analysis was repeated at the end of the study., RESULTS: During the second and third phases of the study, weight and height increased significantly in both groups, although weight increased more slowly, and waist and hip circumferences was decreased in the intervention group. Serum triglycerides and cholesterol decreased significantly in the intervention group (P < 0.05). Analysis of food group consumption showed that in the intervention group, not only consumption of milk, dairy and nuts group increased significantly but also the corresponding figure decreased for bread and cereals, sugar and confectionery ingredients; moreover, the family's oil and fat consumption decreased significantly (P < 0.05). Watching TV and playing on the computer decreased significantly in the intervention group; however, walking time increased significantly in both groups (P < 0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: The family-based lifestyle program had limited but desirable effects on anthropometric and metabolic outcomes of the obese children. We suggest that a longer period of intervention may have more favorable results.
Actual exclusive breastfeeding rates and determinants among a cohort of children living in Gampaha district Sri Lanka: A prospective observational study.; UNLABELLED:, BACKGROUND: Exclusive breastfeeding (EBF) during the early months of life reduce infant morbidity and mortality. Current recommendation in Sri Lanka is to continue exclusive breastfeeding up to six months of age. Exclusive breastfeeding rates are generally assessed by the 24 recall method which overestimates the actual rates. The objective of this study was to determine actual exclusive breast feeding rates in a cohort of Sri Lankan children and to determine the reasons that lead to cessation of breastfeeding before six months of age., METHODS: From a cohort of 2215 babies born in Gampaha district, 500 were randomly selected and invited for the study. They were followed up at two (n = 404), four (n = 395) and six (n = 286) months. An interviewer administered questionnaire asked about feeding history and socio-demographic characteristics. Child health development record was used to assess the growth., RESULTS: Exclusive breastfeeding rates at two, four and six months were 98.0%, 75.4% and 71.3% respectively. The main reasons to stop exclusive breastfeeding between two to four months was concerns regarding weight gain and between four to six months were mothers starting to work. Majority of the babies that were not exclusively breastfed still continued to have breast milk. Mothers above 30 years had lower exclusive breastfeeding rates compared to younger mothers. Second born babies had higher rates than first borns. There was no significant association between maternal education and exclusive breastfeeding rates., CONCLUSIONS: Exclusive breastfeeding rates were high among this cohort of children. A decrease in EBF was noted between two and four months. EBF up to six months does not cause growth failure. Mothers starting to work and concerns regarding adequacy of breast milk were the major reasons to cease EBF. The actual exclusive breastfeeding rates up to six months was 65.9%.
A comparative study of burns treated with topical heparin and without heparin.; Following reports of heparin use in burn treatment, an ethics-committee-approved prospective randomized study with controls compared results obtained using traditional usual burn treatment without heparin with results in similar patients similarly treated with heparin added topically. The subjects were 100 consecutive burn patients (age, 15-35 yr) with second-degree superficial and deep burns of 5-45% TBSA size. Two largely similar cohort groups, i.e. a control group (C) and a heparin group (H) with 50 subjects per group, were randomly treated, the main difference between the groups being that 13 C patients had burns of 35-45% extent vs. only one such patient in H (p < 0.01). The 50 C patients received traditional routine treatment, including topical antimicrobial cream, debridement, and, when needed, skin grafts in the early post-burn period. The 50 H patients, without topical cream, were additionally treated, starting on day 1 post-burn, with 200 IU/ml sodium aqueous heparin solution USP (heparin) dripped on the burn surfaces and inserted into the blisters 2-4 times a day for 1-2 days, and then only on burn surfaces for a total of 5-7 days, prior to skin grafting, when needed. Thereafter, C and H treatment was similar. It was found that the H patients complained of less pain and received less pain medicine than the C patients. H needed fewer dressings and oral antibiotics than C. Significantly less intravenous fluid was infused in H: 33.5 litres in 39 H patients vs. 65 litres in 41 C patients, i.e. nearly 50% less (p < 0.04). The 50 H patients had four skin graftings (8%), while the 50 C patients had 10 (20%). Five 5 C patients died (mortality, 10%). No H patients died. The number of days in hospital for H vs. C was significantly less (overall, p < 0.0001): 58% of H were discharged within 10 days vs. 6% of C; 82% of H were out in 20 days vs. 14% of C; 98% of H vs. 44% of C were out in 30 days; and while 100% of H were discharged by day 40, 56% of C required up to another 10 days. The burns in H patients healed on average in 15 days (maximum period 37 days) vs. an average of 25 days (maximum > 48 days) in C (p < 0.0006). Procedures and costs in H were much reduced compared with C. Photographs of the differences between H and C are presented for the sake of comparison. It is concluded that heparin applied topically for 5-7 days improved burn treatment: it reduced pain, pain medicine, dressings, and use of antibiotics; it significantly reduced IV fluids (p < 0.04), days in hospital (p < 0.0001), and healing time (p < 0.0006); and it reduced skin grafts, mortality, and costs.
Estimation of the economic impact of a bluetongue serotype 4 outbreak in Tunisia.; Introduction: Since 1999, Tunisia has experienced multiple occurrences of Bluetongue (BT) outbreaks, leading to numerous reported cases of infection and mortality in flocks. The re-emergence of the disease in 2020 caused substantial economic losses in cattle, attributed to the incursion of serotype BTV-4., Methods: To evaluate the economic impact of the recent BT episode, we conducted a retrospective study on outbreaks that occurred in Tunisia between August and November 2020, focusing on the impact at the owner's level and its effects on both small ruminants and cattle. A total of 234 ruminant farms (sheep, cattle, and mixed) were randomly selected across Tunisian governorates and included in the study to estimate both the direct and indirect costs of these outbreaks., Results: Total costs were calculated as the sum of losses and expenditures resulting from the BT outbreaks. At the animal level, total losses were estimated to range between 116.280 and 207.086 TND for one infected ewe (33.721 and 60.055). For one lactating cow, costs varied between 2,590.724 and 3,171.107 TND (751.310 and 919.621). In cattle, exposure to BTV led to a daily unit milk yield decrease of 12.50 to 14.66 L over an average period of 5 months. Diseased sheep experienced weight loss ranging between 4 and 10 kg during the BT outbreaks. The total mean cost of the 2020 BT outbreak in Tunisian investigated farms was estimated at 1,935 million TND (million 561.15) (range: 1,489 and 2,474 million TND; 431.81 and million 717.46). The most influential costs of the total BT outbreaks were the decrease in milk yield, mortality, and veterinary treatment., Discussion: This study gives valuable insights on the economic impact of the incursion of a new serotype of BT in a naive population in Tunisia. Considering the substantial costs incurred, it is imperative that this disease receives increased attention from stakeholders, including animal owners, veterinary services, practitioners, and decision-makers. Copyright © 2024 Ben Salem, Ben Aicha, Kalthoum, Dhaouadi, Hajlaoui, Bel Haj Mohamed, Ben Slimen, Khalfaoui, Gharbi, Guesmi, Ben Ali, Fatnassi, Seghaier, Ben Hassine and Gharbi.
Plant sterols/stanols as cholesterol lowering agents: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.; BACKGROUND: Consumption of plant sterols has been reported to reduce low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol concentrations by 5-15%. Factors that affect plant sterol efficacy are still to be determined., OBJECTIVES: To more precisely quantify the effect of plant sterol enriched products on LDL cholesterol concentrations than what is reported previously, and to identify and quantify the effects of subjects' characteristics, food carrier, frequency and time of intake on efficacy of plant sterols as cholesterol lowering agents., DESIGN: Fifty-nine eligible randomized clinical trials published from 1992 to 2006 were identified from five databases. Weighted mean effect sizes were calculated for net differences in LDL levels using a random effect model., RESULTS: Plant sterol containing products decreased LDL levels by 0.31 mmol/L (95% CI, -0.35 to -0.27, P= < 0.0001) compared with placebo. Between trial heterogeneity was evident (Chi-square test, P = <0.0001) indicating that the observed differences between trial results were unlikely to have been caused by chance. Reductions in LDL levels were greater in individuals with high baseline LDL levels compared with those with normal to borderline baseline LDL levels. Reductions in LDL were greater when plant sterols were incorporated into fat spreads, mayonnaise and salad dressing, milk and yoghurt comparing with other food products such as croissants and muffins, orange juice, non-fat beverages, cereal bars, and chocolate. Plant sterols consumed as a single morning dose did not have a significant effect on LDL cholesterol levels., CONCLUSION: Plant sterol containing products reduced LDL concentrations but the reduction was related to individuals' baseline LDL levels, food carrier, and frequency and time of intake.
Effects of dairy intake on weight maintenance.; BACKGROUND: To compare the effects of low versus recommended levels of dairy intake on weight maintenance and body composition subsequent to weight loss., DESIGN AND METHODS: Two site (University of Kansas-KU; University of Tennessee-UT), 9 month, randomized trial. Weight loss was baseline to 3 months, weight maintenance was 4 to 9 months. Participants were maintained randomly assigned to low dairy (< 1 dairy serving/d) or recommended dairy (> 3 servings/d) diets for the maintenance phase. Three hundred thirty eight men and women, age: 40.3 +/- 7.0 years and BMI: 34.5 +/- 3.1, were randomized; Change in weight and body composition (total fat, trunk fat) from 4 to 9 months were the primary outcomes. Blood chemistry, blood pressure, resting metabolism, and respiratory quotient were secondary outcomes. Energy intake, calcium intake, dairy intake, and physical activity were measured as process evaluation., RESULTS: During weight maintenance, there were no overall significant differences for weight or body composition between the low and recommended dairy groups. A significant site interaction occurred with the low dairy group at KU maintaining weight and body composition and the low dairy group at UT increasing weight and body fat. The recommended dairy group exhibited reductions in plasma 1,25-(OH)2-D while no change was observed in the low dairy group. No other differences were found for blood chemistry, blood pressure or physical activity between low and recommended dairy groups. The recommended dairy group showed significantly greater energy intake and lower respiratory quotient compared to the low dairy group., CONCLUSION: Weight maintenance was similar for low and recommended dairy groups. The recommended dairy group exhibited evidence of greater fat oxidation and was able to consume greater energy without greater weight gain compared to the low dairy group. Recommended levels of dairy products may be used during weight maintenance without contributing to weight gain compared to diets low in dairy products., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00686426.
Safety evaluation and effects of cascara pulp Gayo Arabica coffee cream as anti-photoaging in animal model.; Prolonged sunlight and ultraviolet (UV) exposure causes premature skin aging called photoaging and coffee-derived topical antioxidants may help to reduce this process. Since a significant amount of antioxidant-rich cascara pulp are wasted in coffee processing, this study aimed to evaluate the safety of cascara extract cream of Gayo Arabica coffee pulp (CECGACP) as anti-photoaging in male Wistar rats (Rattus norvegicus) by assessing the skin primary irritation index (PII), skin macroscopic changes and the level of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha). Twenty-five rats were randomly divided into five different groups: negative control (base cream only), positive control containing L-ascorbic acid 3%, and three treatment groups treated with cream containing 5%, 7.5% and 10% of CECGACP. The CECGACP was extracted, formulated into cream as a topical treatment and applied on the backs of the rats two times a day, once before the UV exposure and four hours after the exposure. After four weeks, the skins were macroscopically examined, and the TNF-alpha levels were measured. The PII was assessed after applying the cream 24 hours before UX exposure. Our data suggested that CECGACP was considered safe because there were no erythema and edema formation on the skin of the rats with PII score of 0 (classified as no irritation or negligible). After UV exposure, all rats had visible wrinkles and erythema on the skin in particular in the first week. After administration of CECGACP, both wrinkles and erythema were decreased. The levels of TNF-alpha varied from 0.15+/-0.02 ng/mL in the negative control and CECGACP 7.5% rat groups to 0.19+/-0.03 in the positive control group; however, there was no significant difference among all the groups. Our study suggests that CECGACP is safe to use in Wistar rats and able to reduce the erythema and edema due to UV exposure. However, the application of CECGACP does not provide a significant reduction of TNF-alpha levels. Copyright © 2023 The Author(s).
Effect of red clover isoflavones on hormone, immune, inflammatory, and plasma biochemistry in lactating dairy cows.; This study was to conducted to investigate the effect of red clover isoflavones on the health indicated by immune status and blood biochemistry in dairy cows. Sixty-eight healthy Holstein lactating cows were randomly divided into four treatments (n = 17 per treatment) from 5 blocks according to milk yield using a randomized complete block design. No initial differences in parity (2.13 +/- 1.21), days in milk (165 +/- 21 d), and milk yield (33.93 +/- 3.81 kg/d) between groups. Cows were fed the basal diet supplemented with 0, 2, 4, or 8 g/kg red clover extract (RCE) in diet (dry matter based). Feeding, refusal feed weights, and milk yield were recorded three consecutive days in weeks 0, 4, 8, and 12. Blood was collected from the tail vein of the cows on the last day of weeks 4, 8 and 12, 1 h after the morning feeding, and analyzed for hormones, immunoglobulins, inflammatory markers, and markers of liver and kidney activities. The dry matter intake was significantly decreased by 3.7% in the 8 g/kg group (P < 0.05). The fat-corrected milk yield was significantly higher in both of the 2 and 4 g/kg groups (P < 0.01). Plasma estradiol and prolactin showed a quadratic effect with increasing RCE levels, with the highest in the 4 g/kg group (P < 0.05). Plasma tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha, interleukin (IL)-6, and IL-1beta levels decreased linearly with increasing dietary RCE levels. Plasma IL-18 levels showed a quadratic effect with increasing dietary RCE levels, with significantly lower levels in both of the 2 and 4 g/kg groups (P < 0.05). Plasma immunoglobulin A and D-lactic acid levels showed a quadratic effect with increasing dietary RCE levels, with significantly higher level in the 4 g/kg group (P < 0.05). The liver function and kidney activity makers were similar (P > 0.05). These results recommend the supplementation of RCE at a level from 2 to 4 g/kg DM. Copyright © 2024 The Authors.
Causal relationship association of cheese intake with gestational hypertension and diabetes result from a Mendelian randomization study.; BACKGROUND: The evidence from observational studies has been inconclusive on the causal relationship between cheese intake and gestational hypertension or diabetes., AIM: To determine whether cheese consumption was causally related to hypertension and diabetes during pregnancy., METHODS: This was a two-sample Mendelian randomized (MR) study. Summary-level genetic data for cheese intake was exposure and corresponding outcome data for gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes were extracted from the IEU OpenGWAS database. MR analysis was conducted using inverse variance weighting. For sensitivity analyses, MR-Egger regression, weighted median, weighted mode, and leave-one-out methods were conducted. A fixed-effect model was used to meta-analyze two sample MR estimates. The traits of gestational hypertension were pregnancy hypertension (123579 individuals) and oedema, proteinuria and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, childbirth and the puerperium (123579 individuals), and traits of gestational diabetes were gestational diabetes (123579 individuals) and diabetes mellitus in pregnancy (116363 individuals), respectively., RESULTS: Cheese intake per standard deviation increase has causally reduced the risks of gestational hypertension [odds ratio (OR) = 0.60, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.47-0.76, P < 0.001] and gestational diabetes (OR = 0.41, 95%CI: 0.30-0.55, P < 0.001) in inverse variance weighted analysis. Sensitivity analysis showed no heterogeneity (all P > 0.05) nor horizontal pleiotropy (all P > 0.05) in the relationship between cheese intake and gestational hypertension, but heterogeneity presented (all P < 0.05) in relation to gestational diabetes in the two-sample MR analysis., CONCLUSION: Cheese intake was inversely associated with gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes in MR analysis, suggesting that cheese consumption may be beneficial in preventing hypertension and diabetes during pregnancy. Copyright ©The Author(s) 2023. Published by Baishideng Publishing Group Inc. All rights reserved.
Daily yogurt consumption does not affect bone turnover markers in men and postmenopausal women of Caribbean Latino descent: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Caribbean Latino adults are at high risk for osteoporosis yet remain underrepresented in bone research. This increased risk is attributed to genetics, diet, and lifestyle known to drive inflammation and microbial dysbiosis., OBJECTIVE: The primary objective of this study was to determine whether consuming 5 oz of yogurt daily for 8wks improves bone turnover markers (BTMs) among Caribbean Latino adults > 50 years; and secondarily to determine the impact on the gut microbiota and markers of intestinal integrity and inflammation., METHODS: Following a 4wk baseline period, participants were randomized to an 8wk whole fat yogurt intervention (n = 10) daily, containing only Streptococcus thermophilus and Lactobacillus bulgaricus, or to an untreated control group that did not consume yogurt (n = 10). Blood and stool samples collected at week-0 and week-8 were used to assess BTMs, inflammation, intestinal integrity biomarkers, and gut microbiota composition, short chain fatty acids (SCFAs), respectively. Data were evaluated for normality and statistical analyses were performed., RESULTS: Participants were 55% women, with a mean age of 70 +/- 9 years, BMI 30 +/- 6 kg/m2, and serum C-reactive protein 4.8 +/- 3.6 mg/L, indicating chronic low-grade inflammation. Following 8wks of yogurt intake, absolute change in BTMs did not differ significantly between groups (P = 0.06-0.78). Secondarily, absolute change in markers of inflammation, intestinal integrity, and fecal SCFAs did not differ significantly between groups (P range 0.13-1.00). Yogurt intake for 8wks was significantly associated with microbial compositional changes of rare taxa (P = 0.048); however, no significant alpha diversity changes were observed., CONCLUSIONS: In this study, daily yogurt did not improve BTMs, inflammation, intestinal integrity, nor SCFAs. However, yogurt did influence beta diversity, or the abundance of rare taxa within the gut microbiota of the yogurt group, compared to controls. Additional research to identify dietary approaches to reduce osteoporosis risk among Caribbean Latino adults is needed., TRIAL REGISTRATION: This study is registered to ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT05350579 (28/04/2022). Copyright © 2024. The Author(s).
The Effect of Topical Vitamin K1 on the Treatment of Cetuximab-Induced Skin Rashes in Metastatic Colorectal Cancer Patients.; Background: Considering the prevalence of cetuximab-induced rashes in colorectal cancer patients and its impact on patient's quality of life and treatment, this study aimed at investigating the effect of topical vitamin K1 on the treatment of skin rashes in metastatic colorectal cancer patients treated with cetuximab., Materials and Methods: This randomized, controlled, triple-blind, clinical trial was conducted on 49 metastatic colorectal cancer patients who were candidates for cetuximab treatment and referred to Omid Hospital in Isfahan during 2021-2022. Vitamin K1 cream with a concentration of 0.1% in the intervention group (n = 25) and placebo cream in the control group (n = 24) were prescribed twice a day (in the morning and before bedtime) for eight weeks. The rash grade was recorded based on common terminology criteria for adverse events-4 (CTCAE-4) criteria before the intervention and in the fourth and eighth weeks during the intervention., Results: During the intervention, skin rash grades in the fourth and eighth weeks with the means of 1.00 +/- 0.64 and 0.84 +/- 0.55, respectively, were significantly lower in the intervention group, as compared with the control group with the means of 1.42 +/- 0.65 and 1.25 +/- 0.68, respectively (P value < 0.05). Moreover, the severity of skin rashes decreased significantly in the intervention group over time during eight weeks (P value < 0.05); however, its decrease was not significant in the control group (P value > 0.05)., Conclusion: Topical vitamin K1 cream had a significant effect on reducing the severity of cetuximab-induced skin rashes over eight weeks of treatment. Copyright: © 2023 Advanced Biomedical Research.
Efficacy and safety of Chinese medicine injections in combination with docetaxel and cisplatin for non-small cell lung cancer: a network meta-analysis.; Background: Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) poses a serious threat to human health. Several clinical studies have reported the benefits of Chinese herbal injections (CHIs) in combination with docetaxel and cisplatin (DP). This multidimensional network meta-analysis aimed to investigate the preferred regimen of CHIs in combination with DP for the treatment of NSCLC. Methods: Multiple databases were searched to identify randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of CHIs for NSCLC from the database inception to 30 April 2023. Studies that met the inclusion criteria and exhibited good methodological quality were included. Data analysis was conducted using Stata 15.0 and R 4.2.1 software. An odds ratio (OR) was used as the effect size, and the surface under the cumulative ranking curve (SCURA) was employed to rank the evaluated treatments. Results: The network meta-analysis included 85 eligible RCTs, encompassing 6,580 patients and 11 CHIs. Astragalus Injection combined with DP was identified as the most effective regimen for improving the response rate (SUCRAs: 90.25%). Brucea Javanica Oil Milk Injection combined with DP proved most effective in ameliorating the quality of life (SUCRAs: 76.89%). Shenfu Injection combined with DP emerged as the most effective for enhancing CD3+ and CD4+ (SUCRAs: 93.75%, 88.50%). Kanglaite Injection combined with DP exhibited the best efficacy in improving CD8+ (SUCRAs: 88.96%). Brucea Javanica Oil Milk Injection combined with DP was the most potent regimen for enhancing CD4+/CD8+ (SUCRAs: 93.13%). Conclusion:  CHIs in combination with DP outperformed DP alone in NSCLC patients. Astragalus Injection plus DP, Brucea Javanica Oil Milk Injection plus DP, Shenfu Injection plus DP, Kanglaite Injection plus DP, and Brucea Javanica Oil Milk Injection plus DP were significantly effective. However, further multicenter and well-designed RCTs are required to validate our findings. Copyright © 2023 Wen, Xie, Gong, Zhang and Xi.
Effects of early postnatal gastric and colonic microbiota transplantation on piglet gut health.; BACKGROUND: Diarrhea is a major cause of reduced growth and mortality in piglets during the suckling and weaning periods and poses a major threat to the global pig industry. Diarrhea and gut dysbiosis may in part be prevented via improved early postnatal microbial colonization of the gut. To secure better postnatal gut colonization, we hypothesized that transplantation of colonic or gastric content from healthy donors to newborn recipients would prevent diarrhea in the recipients in the post-weaning period. Our objective was to examine the impact of transplanting colonic or gastric content on health and growth parameters and paraclinical parameters in recipient single-housed piglets exposed to a weaning transition and challenged with enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (ETEC)., METHODS: Seventy-two 1-day-old piglets were randomized to four groups: colonic microbiota transplantation (CMT, n = 18), colonic content filtrate transplantation (CcFT, n = 18), gastric microbiota transplantation (GMT, n = 18), or saline (CON, n = 18). Inoculations were given on d 2 and 3 of life, and all piglets were milk-fed until weaning (d 20) and shortly after challenged with ETEC (d 24). We assessed growth, diarrhea prevalence, ETEC concentration, organ weight, blood parameters, small intestinal morphology and histology, gut mucosal function, and microbiota composition and diversity., RESULTS: Episodes of diarrhea were seen in all groups during both the milk- and the solid-feeding phase, possibly due to stress associated with single housing. However, CcFT showed lower diarrhea prevalence on d 27, 28, and 29 compared to CON (all P < 0.05). CcFT also showed a lower ETEC prevalence on d 27 (P < 0.05). CMT showed a higher alpha diversity and a difference in beta diversity compared to CON (P < 0.05). Growth and other paraclinical endpoints were similar across groups., CONCLUSION: In conclusion, only CcFT reduced ETEC-related post-weaning diarrhea. However, the protective effect was marginal, suggesting that higher doses, more effective modalities of administration, longer treatment periods, and better donor quality should be explored by future research to optimize the protective effects of transplantation. Copyright © 2023. The Author(s).
Dietary Consumption on Glycemic Control Among Prediabetes: A Review of the Literature.; Introduction: Prediabetes is a condition that, if left unaddressed, can lead to various complications, such as neuropathy, retinopathy, and nephropathy. Among the critical factors contributing to the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus, dietary choices stand out as particularly significant., Objective: Consequently, our objective is to examine the latest research findings concerning dietary consumption and its impact on glycemic control in individuals with prediabetes., Methods: A literature review of randomized controlled trials was performed using databases such as PubMed, Scopus, and ScienceDirect with searches conducted from January 2019 to 2023. The primary reviewer assessed the quality of the selected studies for bias risk using the Joanna Briggs Institute critical appraisal method for randomized controlled trials. Initially, 975 articles were identified through the search, but after applying the inclusion criteria, only 9 articles were ultimately selected., Results: The review found that a carrageenan-free diet, yogurt with Lactobacillus plantarum OLL2712, Allium hookeri extract (AHE), and delta-tocotrienol improve HbA1C levels. However, salmon, zinc supplement, and balanced deep-sea water were not effective on HbA1C. In addition, studies on the effectiveness of vitamin D in controlling blood glucose levels are inconsistent., Conclusion: Nurses can enhance patient outcomes through collaborative efforts to create individualized dietary strategies. These strategies may encompass the adoption of a carrageenan-free diet, the inclusion of L plantarum OLL2712-enriched yogurt, the utilization of AHE, and the integration of delta-tocotrienol into the dietary plan. This approach is particularly applicable to ambulatory care nurses, health supervisors, and primary care providers. Copyright © The Author(s) 2023.
Whey Protein Supplementation and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Risk Factors: An Umbrella Systematic Review of Randomized Controlled Trials.; Emerging research suggests whey protein (WP) supplementation may modify type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) risk factors, including glucose control. As systematic reviews and/or meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) gain importance in nutrition literature, we conducted an umbrella systematic review to chronicle published systematic reviews and/or meta-analyses of RCTs pertinent to WP supplementation and T2DM modifiable risk factors. This review was conducted in accordance with Preferred Reporting Items for Overviews of Reviews standards. Potentially eligible articles were identified via a systematic search of 5 electronic health research databases (PubMed, Cochrane Library, CINAHL [EBSCO], Scopus, and SPORTDiscus [EBSCO]). Included articles were assessed for quality using the "A MeaSurement Tool to Assess systematic Reviews 2" critical appraisal tool. Thirteen articles, representing 109 unique RCTs, of the 2205 identified articles met the inclusion criteria. Nine articles (69%) were deemed high quality, 2 (15%) moderate quality, and 2 (15%) low quality. Findings from this umbrella review of 13 systematic reviews, including 12 meta-analyses, suggest WP may lower hemoglobin A1c, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, and fasting insulin in groups classified as overweight/obese or at risk for or with metabolic syndrome; blood triglycerides in groups classified as overweight/obese or at risk for or with metabolic syndrome; and blood pressure in groups classified as overweight/obese. WP did not differentially affect C-reactive protein, body weight, body mass index, or waist circumference, nor did it adversely affect any T2DM risk factors. Insufficient evidence precluded assessing the influence of WP on glucose control-related outcomes in groups classified at lower risk for T2DM. Information regarding WP dose, duration, or types was insufficient to draw conclusions. Collectively, evidence suggests WP supplementation may improve multiple clinical indicators of glucose control, along with triglycerides and blood pressure, in groups of adults at increased risk of developing T2DM. Copyright © 2023 The Authors.
Effects of herbal supplements on milk production quality and specific blood parameters in heat-stressed early lactating cows.; The present study explored the influence of supplemental herbal mixtures on cow milk production, quality, and blood parameters in dairy cows under high ambient temperatures. Thirty Holstein cows were randomly assigned into three experimental groups of 10 each. The first control group was supplied with the commercial basal diet, whereas two treatment groups were provided with the commercial basal diet supplemented with 50 and 100 g/head/day of the herbal mixture, respectively. The results showed that the mixture of herbal supplementation did not influence weekly milk production. Milk total fat, triglyceride, and total protein values were not affected (p < 0.05) in cows fed on basal diets supplemented with herbal mixture; however, milk cholesterol was decreased significantly by 100 mg/head/day of the herbal mixture. On the other hand, lactose has increased significantly by adding 100 mg/head/day of herbal mixture. Furthermore, the total cholesterol level in serum was decreased by adding 100 mg/head/day of the herbal mixture, while plasma prolactin, cortisol, GOT, and GPT were unaffected. Regarding fatty acids (C18, C18:1 (c9), 18:1 (c11), 18:2 (c9, c12), 18:2 (t9, t12), and CLA (c9, t11)), there was no significant variation between the groups. Meanwhile, both C19:00 and 18:3 (c6, c9, and c12) were noticeably higher (p < 0.05) in the group that received 100gm, followed by 50 mg, compared to the control. In conclusion, the supplement with a herbal mixture positively affected milk quality by decreasing total cholesterol and increasing lactose, milk fatty acid profile by increasing unsaturated fatty acids content, and plasma cholesterol levels. Copyright © 2023 Saleh, Soliman, Yousef, Eweedah, El-Sawy, Shukry, Wadaan, Kim, Cho and Eltahan.
Safety and Efficacy of a Novel Combination Cream (GN-037) in Healthy Volunteers and Patients with Plaque Psoriasis: A Phase 1 Trial.; INTRODUCTION: Psoriasis is a common skin disorder associated with physical and psychological burdens. Visible disfiguration can trigger a negative reaction which can cause much of the readily measurable psychological burden of the disease. Although many biological treatments provide some success in the initial clearance of lesions, there is a dispute about the long-term maintenance of the disease, as no current biological treatment has been shown to be curative. Topical therapies are still the most widely used agents as first-line and maintenance treatment for psoriasis. The present study aimed to investigate the safety, tolerability, and, to some extent, efficacy of GN-037 cream in patients with psoriasis and healthy volunteers., METHODS: A randomized, double-blind, single-center, placebo-controlled phase 1 clinical study was conducted to evaluate the safety, tolerability, and clinical efficacy of GN-037 cream topically applied twice daily for 2 weeks in healthy subjects (n = 12) and patients (n = 6) diagnosed with plaque-type psoriasis. Six healthy subjects received placebo. Patients with plaque psoriasis were evaluated by a dermatologist, and Physician Global Assessment (PGA) score was required to be >= 3 (moderate psoriasis) at screening., RESULTS: A total of 31 adverse events (AEs) occurred in 13 participants during the study: 9 AEs in healthy subjects receiving GN-037 cream, 3 AEs in healthy subjects receiving placebo, and 1 AE in one psoriatic patient. The most frequently reported AEs were reactions at the application site, including erythema, exfoliation, pruritus, and burning sensation. During the baseline evaluation, one patient had a PGA score of 3 (moderate) and five patients had a PGA score of 4 (severe). On day 14, in treatment, four patients experienced second grade and two patients third grade improvements compared with baseline, indicating a shift of patients from moderate and severe disease to mild disease and to almost clear (score 2 or 1). There were slight increases in plasma tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha, interleukin-17 (IL-17) and interleukin-23 (IL-23) levels in both healthy volunteers and patients throughout the study, as compared with baseline., CONCLUSION: The results of this phase 1 trial conducted in 18 healthy volunteers and 6 patients with plaque psoriasis demonstrated a favorable safety and tolerability profile for GN-037; therefore, further clinical development of GN-037 in a phase 2 clinical trial has been initiated in patients with mild to moderate plaque psoriasis (NCT05706870)., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT05428202. Copyright © 2023. The Author(s).
Feasibility Study of a Powder-Based Supplement Intervention for a future Synbiotic Trial in Breastfed Children from South Africa.; Background: Children who are HIV-exposed uninfected (HEU), i.e., born to mothers living with HIV despite not acquiring HIV infection themselves, have increased morbidity and mortality. Data suggests that the breastmilk profile, and more specifically human milk oligosaccharide (HMO) composition, differ by maternal HIV status and may partly help explain this increased risk. We are currently conducting an HMO-based synbiotic randomized trial in breastfed children HEU, the MIGH-T MO study (ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT05282485), to assess the impact on health outcomes of children HEU. Here, we report our experience from a study of the feasibility and acceptability of a powder-based intervention given to breastfeeding children, conducted prior to the initiation of MIGH-T MO., Methods: 10 mothers living with HIV and their breastfeeding children HEU accessing care at Tygerberg Hospital, in Cape Town, South Africa were enrolled. A powder-based product, potato maltodextrin, was mixed with expressed breast milk and administered to the infants daily for 4 weeks. Data on feasibility, acceptability, adherence, and health outcomes were assessed at the enrollment visit and at the 4 week visit, along with weekly telephone calls., Results: 10 mother-infant pairs were enrolled in this study, with infant age ranging from 6-20 months of age. Among the mothers who met the eligibility criteria, all of them enrolled into the study suggesting high acceptability. While there was some Ioss-to-follow-up after the first visit, among the mothers who remained, there were no major feasibility concerns related to study procedures, product administration, adherence, tolerance, and health outcome assessment., Conclusion: Our pilot study demonstrated that a powder-based intervention for breastfeeding children HEU in South Africa is acceptable and feasible. This suggests potential feasibility and acceptability for other larger studies, including our ongoing MIGH-T MO study, that use similar powder-based interventions such as probiotics, prebiotics, or synbiotics, in breastfed infants from similar settings.
The effect of a new developed synbiotic yogurt consumption on metabolic syndrome components, oxidative stress status, and some other cardiovascular disease risk factors in adults with metabolic syndrome: a study protocol for a randomized clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: Metabolic syndrome is recognized as one of the most common global health issues, which may cause numerous side effects. Studies have shown the favorable effects of probiotic supplements on glycemic indices, lipid profiles, and oxidative stress status. However, the number of studies investigating the effects of food products containing probiotics and prebiotics on metabolic diseases is limited. Limited evidence also shows that products containing Lactobacillus plantarum could affect metabolic alterations in chronic diseases. No previous study evaluated the impact of synbiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus plantarum on people with metabolic syndrome. Therefore, the current study aims to investigate the effect of the newly developed synbiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus plantarum, Lactobacillus pentosus, and Chloromyces marcosianos yeast on the components of metabolic syndrome, oxidative stress status, and some other risk factors for cardiovascular diseases in adults with metabolic syndrome., METHODS: In this study, 44 patients with metabolic syndrome will be randomly assigned to intervention and control groups in a randomized, double-blind, controlled clinical trial. Participants in the intervention group will consume 300 g of synbiotic yogurt daily, while those in the control group will consume 300 g of regular yogurt daily for 12 weeks. Anthropometric measurements, blood pressure, and biochemical parameters will be evaluated before and after the intervention., DISCUSSION: The management of the metabolic syndrome presents significant clinical challenges. While probiotic supplementation for these individuals has been considered, the consumption of probiotic-rich foods has received considerably less attention., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials (IRCT20220426054667N1) (2022-05-18). Copyright © 2023. The Author(s).
Postprandial Inflammatory and Metabolic Responses Induced by Authentic Mytilinis Cheese: A Preliminary, Crossover, Nutritional Intervention in Healthy Adults.; Several Mediterranean traditional cheeses may present a beneficial effect on postprandial metabolic and inflammatory modulation due to the presence of bioactive components. The objective of the present preliminary nutritional intervention was the investigation of the postprandial metabolic responses after the intake of traditional Authentic Mytilinis cheese in olive oil with herbs, compared to the corresponding responses after consumption of Italian Parmesan cheese, in healthy participants. A pilot crossover, randomized, single-blinded, intervention clinical trial was conducted in 10 healthy men and women subjects, aged 18-30 years, after random allocation into the control and the intervention groups. The participants received a high-fat carbohydrate meal containing either Authentic Mytilinis cheese (the authentic nonrefrigerated recipe) or Italian Parmesan PDO cheese. After a washout week, the participants consumed the same meals conversely. Differences in the postprandial responses of glucose, triglycerides, uric acid and serum total, HDL and LDL cholesterol levels, as well as of the plasma total antioxidant capacity according to the FRAP method, were determined between groups for fasting, 30 min, 1.5 h, and 3 h after meal intake. The results suggested that meals did not significantly affect postprandial metabolic and inflammatory responses. However, Authentic L Mytilinis cheese resulted in a lower increase of LDL cholesterol (p > 0.05) and induced a significant decrease of serum triglycerides (p < 0.05) in the last 1.5 h after a meal, compared to Italian Parmesan cheese. Further investigation with large prospective studies is necessary to validate the current findings.
Remodulation Effect of Elateriospermum tapos Yoghurt on Metabolic Profile of Maternal Obesity Induced Cognitive Dysfunction and Anxiety-like Behavior in Female Offspring-An In Vivo Trial on Sprague Dawley Rats.; Pre-pregnancy weight gain induces dysregulation in the metabolic profile of the offspring, thereby serving as a key factor for cognitive decline and anxiety status in the offspring. However, early probiotic supplementation during the gestational period is linked with improved metabolic health. At the same time, a natural plant known as Elateriospermum tapos (E. tapos) is proven to improve cognition and modulate the stress hormone due to its high concentration of flavonoids. However, the effects of medicinal plant integrated probiotics in F1 generations warrants further investigation. Thus, this study aimed to study the effect of E. tapos yoghurt on the maternal obesity induced cognitive dysfunction and anxiety in female offspring. In this study, female Sprague Dawley rats were fed with normal chow (n = 8) or high fat diet (n = 40) across pre-pregnancy, gestation, and weaning. The treatment with different concentrations of E. tapos yoghurt (5, 50, and 500 mg/kg/day) were initiated in the obese dams upon post coitum day 0 up to postnatal day 21 (PND 21). Female offspring were weaned on PND 21 and body mass index, waist circumference, lee index, behavior, metabolic parameter, and antioxidant status were analyzed. The result shows that the female offspring of the 500 mg/kg E. tapos yoghurt supplemented group shows a decreased level of insulin, fasting blood glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides, LDL, low fat tissue mass with a high level of HDL, and an increased level of antioxidant status in the hypothalamus. The behavioral assessment proves that the female offspring of the 500 mg/kg E. tapos yoghurt supplemented group exhibits a high recognition index on novel object/place with low anxiety-like behavior in an open field test. In conclusion, our data signify the beneficial effect of early intervention in obese dams on the transgenerational impact on female offspring's metabolic profile, cognitive performance, and anxiety-like behavior.
Kefir peptides attenuate atherosclerotic vascular calcification and osteoporosis in atherogenic diet-fed ApoE -/- knockout mice.; Aims: Vascular calcification (VC) and osteoporosis were previously considered two distinct diseases. However, current understanding indicates that they share common pathogenetic mechanisms. The available medicines for treating VC and osteoporosis are limited. We previously demonstrated that kefir peptides (KPs) alleviated atherosclerosis in high-fat diet (HFD)-induced apolipoprotein E knockout (ApoE -/- ) mice. The present study further addressed the preventive effects of KPs on VC and osteoporosis in ApoE -/- mice fed a high-cholesterol atherogenic diet (AD). Main methods: Seven-week-old ApoE -/- and wild-type C57BL/6 mice were randomly divided into five groups (n = 6). The development of VC and osteoporosis was evaluated after AD feeding for 13 weeks in KP-treated ApoE -/- mice and compared to C57BL/6 and ApoE -/- mice fed a standard chow diet (CD). Key findings: The results indicated that KP-treated ApoE -/- mice exhibited lower serum total cholesterol, oxidized low-density lipoprotein (ox-LDL), malondialdehyde (MDA) levels, and serum alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and creatine kinase (CK) activities, which suggested that KPs prevented hyperlipidemia and possible damages to the liver and muscle in ApoE -/- mice. KPs reduced serum tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) and the local expression of TNF-alpha, IL-1beta, and macrophage-specific CD68 markers in aortic tissues, which suggested that KPs inhibited inflammatory responses in AD-fed ApoE -/- mice. KPs reduced the deposition of lipid, collagen, and calcium minerals in the aortic roots of AD-fed ApoE -/- mice, which suggested that KPs inhibited the calcific progression of atherosclerotic plaques. KPs exerted osteoprotective effects in AD-fed ApoE -/- mice, which was evidenced by lower levels of the bone resorption marker CTX-1 and higher levels of the bone formation marker P1NP. KPs improved cortical bone mineral density and bone volume and reduced trabecular bone loss in femurs. Significance: The present data suggested that KPs attenuated VC and osteoporosis by reducing oxidative stress and inflammatory responses in AD-fed ApoE -/- mice. Our findings contribute to the application of KPs as preventive medicines for the treatment of hyperlipidemia-induced vascular and bone degeneration. Copyright © 2023 Chang, Cheng, Fan, Chen, Lan, Chen, Yen and Chen.
Effects of milk-derived bioactive peptide VPP on diarrhea of pre-weaning calves.; A well-known milk-derived bioactive tripeptide, VPP (Val-Pro-Pro) has good anti-inflammatory, anti-hypertension, and anti-hydrolysis properties. However, whether VPP can alleviate calf intestinal inflammation is unclear. In this experiment, the effects of VPP on growth, diarrhea incidence, serum biochemical indices, short-chain fatty acids, and fecal microorganisms were examined in pre-weaning Holstein calves. Eighteen calves with similar birth date, body weight, and genetic background were randomly assigned equally to two groups (n = 9). The control group was given 50 mL of phosphate buffer saline before morning feeding, whereas the VPP group received 50 mL of VPP solution (100 mg/kg body weight/d). The study lasted for 17 days, with the first 3 days used for adaptation. Initial and final body weights were determined, and daily dry matter intake and fecal score were recorded throughout the study. Serum hormone levels and antioxidant and immune indices were measured on day 14. Fecal microorganisms were collected on days 0, 7, and 14, and 16S rDNA sequencing was performed. Oral administration of VPP did not significantly affect calf average daily feed intake and body weight, but the growth rate in body weight was significantly higher in the VPP group than in the control group on day 7 (P < 0.05). Compared with the control, VPP significantly decreased serum TNF-alpha and IL-6 contents (P < 0.05), and concentrations of nitric oxide and IL-1beta also decreased but not significantly (0.05 < P < 0.1). After seven days of VPP, relative abundances of g_Lachnoclostridium, uncultured_bacterium_, and g_Streptococcus in fecal samples increased significantly (P < 0.05). Compared with the control, VPP significantly increased concentrations of the fecal short-chain fatty acids n-butyric acid and isovaleric acid (P < 0.05). In conclusion, VPP can relieve intestinal inflammation and alleviate the degree of diarrhea in pre-weaning calves. Copyright © 2023 Zong, Gao, Du, Hou, Yang and Xu.
Oral Application of Mother's Own Milk for Reducing Necrotizing Enterocolitis in Preterm Infants: An Updated Meta-Analysis of RCTs.; Background: Necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) and late-onset sepsis (LOS) are the major contributors to mortality and morbidity in preterm infants. This updated meta-analysis was aimed to assess the effects of mother's milk on the incidence of NEC, LOS, and other clinical outcomes in preterm infants., Methods: PubMed, Embase, and the Cochrane library were searched for papers published up to October 2022., Results: A total of 13 RCTs with 1330 infants were included in the final analysis. Significant difference in NEC (stage 2 or 3) was found between the intervention group and the control group (RR = 0.508, 95% CI: 0.314-0.822, and P=0.008). The incidence of proven LOS (RR = 0.809, 95% CI: 0.610-1.071, and P=0.139) and death (RR = 0.800, 95% CI: 0.571-1.122, and P=0.196) was comparable between the two groups. Statistical differences in the incidence of proven or probable LOS (RR = 0.705, 95% CI: 0.577-0.862, and P=0.001) and length of hospitalization (WMD = -4.868, 95% CI: -6.608 to -3.128, and P < 0.001) between the intervention group and the control group were observed., Conclusions: The results of this updated meta-analysis showed that compared to the placebo, mother's milk provides better effects in reducing the incidences of NEC, proven or probable LOS, and the length of stay, whereas no significant benefit of mother's milk was observed in reducing the incidence of proven LOS and death. Copyright © 2023 Bo Peng et al.
Effects of high-grain diet feeding on fatty acid profiles in milk, blood, muscle, and adipose tissue, and transcriptional expression of lipid-related genes in muscle and adipose tissue of dairy cows.; BACKGROUND: High-grain (HG) diets affect lipid metabolism in the liver and mammary tissue of dairy cows, but its effects on muscle and adipose tissue have not been wide evaluated. Thus, the aim of this study is to clarify this issue., METHODS: Twelve Holstein cows were randomly divided into two groups: conventional diet group (CON, n = 6) and the HG diet group (n = 6). On day 7 of week 4, rumen fluid was sampled to measure pH, milk was sampled to measure components, and blood was sampled to measure biochemical parameters and fatty acid composition. After the experiment, cows were slaughtered to collect muscle and adipose tissue for fatty acid composition and transcriptome analysis., RESULTS: HG feeding decreased the ruminal pH, milk's fat content and long-chain fatty acid proportion (P < 0.05) and increased the proportion of short- and medium-chain fatty acids in the milk (P < 0.05) as compared with CON diets. The concentrations of blood cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein, and polyunsaturated fatty acids in the HG cows were lower than those in CON cows (P < 0.05). In muscle tissue, HG feeding tended to increase the triacylglycerol (TG) concentration (P < 0.10). Transcriptome analysis revealed changes in the biosynthesis of the unsaturated fatty acids pathway, the regulation of lipolysis in the adipocytes pathway, and the PPAR signalling pathway. In adipose tissue, HG feeding increased the concentration of TG and decreased the concentration of C18:1 cis9 (P < 0.05). At the transcriptome level, the fatty acid biosynthesis pathway, linoleic acid metabolism pathway, and PPAR signalling pathway were activated., CONCLUSION: HG feeding leads to subacute rumen acidosis and a decreased milk fat content. The fatty acid profiles in the milk and plasma of dairy cows were changed by HG feeding. In muscle and adipose tissue, HG feeding increased TG concentration and up-regulated the expression of genes related to adipogenesis, while down-regulated the expression of genes related to lipid transport. These results complement our knowledge of the fatty acid composition of muscle and adipose tissue in dairy cows and expand our understanding of the mechanisms by which HG diets affect lipid metabolism in muscle and adipose tissue. Copyright © 2023. The Author(s).
Effects of Soybean and Linseed Oils Calcium Salts and Starter Protein Content on Growth Performance, Immune Response, and Nitrogen Utilization Efficiency in Holstein Dairy Calves.; This study aimed to investigate the interaction of fatty acid (FA) source [calcium salt of soybean oil (n-6 FA) vs. calcium salt of linseed oil (n-3 FA) both 3% DM basis] with protein content (18% vs. 22% CP, based on DM) on growth performance, blood metabolites, immune function, skeletal growth indices, urinary purine derivatives (PD), and microbial protein synthesis (MPS) in young dairy calves. Forty 3-day-old calves (20 females and 20 males) with a starting body weight (BW) of 40.2 kg were assigned in a completely randomized block design in a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement of treatments. Experimental diets were: (1) n-6 FA with 18% CP (n-6-18CP), (2) n-6 FA with 22% CP (n-6-22CP), (3) n-3 FA with 18% CP (n-3-18CP), and (4) n-3 FA with 22% CP (n-3-22CP). Starter feed intake and average daily gain (ADG) were not influenced by experimental diets (p > 0.05). However, before weaning and the entire period, feed efficiency (FE) was greater in calves fed n-3 FA compared to n-6 FA (p < 0.05). Heart girth (weaning, p < 0.05) and hip height (weaning, p < 0.05 and final, p < 0.01) were highest among experimental treatments in calves who received n-3-22CP diets. The greatest blood glucose (p < 0.05) and insulin (p < 0.01) concentrations in the pre-weaning period and the lowest serum concentration of tumor necrosis factor (before weaning, p < 0.05) were observed in calves fed the n-3-22CP diet. However, the greatest blood urea N (before weaning, p < 0.05; after weaning, p < 0.05) and urinary N excretion (p < 0.05) were found in calves fed n-6-22CP diets compared to other experimental arrangements. In conclusion, offering calves with Ca-salt of n-3 FA along with 22% CP content may be related to improved nitrogen efficiency and immune function.
Administration of GnRH at day 20 of AI and embryonic losses in synchronized crossbred buffalo.; Introduction: Following the application of different artificial insemination and synchronization protocols, the synchronized buffaloes had a higher incidence of early embryonic or fetal death, thus impairing reproductive performance. Therefore, there is a need to devise a synchronizing program that can improve conception, allow early pregnancy diagnosis, reduce early embryonic losses, and provide an early clue for pregnancy diagnosis and establishment. The present study aimed (1) to determine the effect of administration of different GnRH doses at day 20 of artificial insemination (AI) on the reproductive performance of buffaloes and (2) to observe the influence of synchronization protocol, parity, age, milk production, and body condition score (BCS) on early embryonic loss and progesterone (P4) levels in crossbred buffaloes., Methods: Crossbred buffaloes (n = 101) were synchronized using the GPGMH protocol. At day 20 of AI, the synchronized buffaloes were randomly divided into four groups and administrated GnRH doses (0, 100, 150, and 200 mug). The buffaloes were monitored for ovarian dynamics, P4 level, non-return rate, embryonic/fetal losses, and pregnancy rates. The previously synchronized buffaloes were also classified for synchronization protocol (with or without GnRH), parity (nulli- or multiparous), milk production (high or low), BCS (low, medium, or good) or age (>3 or < 3 years) groups for observing the embryonic loss and P4 level variations., Results: The results indicated no difference (P > 0.05) in CL size, P4 level, pregnancy rate and embryo/fetal losses across the treatment groups at different observation periods. There was a high (P < 0.05) incidence of early embryonic mortality in aged, multiparous, low BCS and low milk-producing buffaloes treated without GnRH., Conclusion: The data suggest that GnRH 200 mug at day 20 of AI improves embryo survival and pregnancy maintenance in crossbred buffaloes. Copyright © 2023 Abulaiti, Naseer, Liu, Ahmed, Abdelrahman, Shaukat, Pang and Wang.
Effects of Dietary Milk Thistle (Silybum marianum) Supplementation in Ducks Fed Mycotoxin-Contaminated Diets.; The medicinal plant milk thistle (Silybum marianum) has been widely used due to its hepatoprotective properties. The main objective of our study was to investigate the health protective effects of dietary milk thistle seed (MS), oil (MO), and seed cake (MSC) in ducks fed diets naturally contaminated with deoxynivalenol (DON; 3.43-3.72 mg/kg feed) and zearalenone (ZEN; 0.46-0.50 mg/kg feed). Female White Hungarian ducks were randomly allocated to four dietary treatments consisting of the control diet (C), the control diet supplemented with 0.5% MS, 0.5% MSC, or 0.1% MO. The feeding of experimental diets did not result in mortality cases, clinical signs of mycotoxicosis, or in differences of clinical chemistry values of blood serum. The positive effect of MO on vacuolar hepatocyte degeneration exceeded that of the MSC on d14 and both MS and MSC on d42. Each treatment was equally effective in the decrease of the severity of solitary cell death and infiltration of lympho- and histiocytes in the liver on d28 as well as in the prevention of lymphocyte depletion in the spleen and bursa of Fabricius on d14. In conclusion, the applied treatments have been proven effective in the prevention of histopathological changes caused by DON and ZEN.
Effect of dietary Conocarpus erectus leaves and branches on milk yield, quality, antioxidant activity and fatty acid profile, and blood parameters of Najdi dairy goats.; To investigate the effect of Conocarpus erectus tree leaves and branches as a partial replacement of forage on milk yield and components, blood and rumen parameters of goats, 16 Najdi goats were used in a completely randomized design with 2 treatments (CON, without C. erectus; CE, contains C. erectus). The basic ratio consisted of 60% concentrate and 40% forage. In treatment CE, 22.5% of the forage (alfalfa hay and wheat straw) was replaced with C. erectus leaves and branches. The lowest amount of dry matter intake and digestibility were observed in the treatment CE (P < 0.05). The amount of milk production significantly increased (P = 0.01) in the treatment CE. The total count did not differ between treatments, but the highest amount of Lactobacillus spp. (P = 0.01) and the lowest amount of mold (P = 0.01) were observed in the treatment CE. The 2,2-diphenyl-1-picrylhydrazyl (DPPH) scavenging activity decreased on days 15 (P = 0.02) and 31 (P = 0.01) of the experiment in treatment CE. The highest amount of short-, medium-, and long-chain fatty acids and also conjugated fatty acids were observed in the treatment CE (P < 0.05). Also, the concentration of fatty acids C16:0 and C18:0 was lower in the treatment CE (P < 0.05). The lowest amount of triglycerides, blood urea nitrogen, cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein, high-density lipoproteins, serum glutamic pyruvic transaminase, and serum glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase were observed in the treatment CE (P < 0.05). Ruminal pH and ammonia-N concentration were not affected by experimental treatment (P > 0.05). According to the results, the use of C. erectus leads to improved milk production and fatty acid profile, antioxidant activity, and microbial load. Copyright © The Author(s) 2023. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society of Animal Science.
Yeast Culture Supplementation Effects on Systemic and Polymorphonuclear Leukocytes' mRNA Biomarkers of Inflammation and Liver Function in Peripartal Dairy Cows.; This study evaluated the effects of feeding a commercial yeast culture on blood biomarkers and polymorphonuclear leukocyte (PMNL) gene expression in dairy cows during the transition period until 50 d postpartum. Forty Holstein dairy cows were used in a randomized complete block design from -30 to 50 d. At -30 d, cows were assigned to a basal diet plus 114 g/d of top-dressed ground corn (control; n = 20) or 100 g/d of ground corn and 14 g/d of a yeast culture product (YC; n = 20). Blood samples were collected at various time points from -30 to 30 DIM to evaluate blood biomarkers and PMNL gene expression related to inflammation, liver function, and immune response. Liver function biomarkers, gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT) and albumin were greater and lower, respectively, in YC cows in comparison to control. However, these biomarkers remained within physiological levels, indicating an active inflammatory process. Genes in PMNL expression related to inflammation (NFKB1, TNFA, TRAF6), anti-inflammation (IL10), and cell membrane receptors (SELL) were upregulated in the YC group in comparison to control. These results suggest that YC could stimulate a more active inflammatory response with signs of a resolution of inflammation in transition cows.
Double blind control trial of vitamin D fortified milk on the expression of lncRNAs and adiponectin for patients with metabolic syndrome.; BACKGROUND: Metabolic syndrome (Mets) is a common metabolic disorder in which hypoadiponectinemia is one of the consequences for the body caused by inflammation, and vitamin D may help improve inflammatory symptoms. LncRNAs (long non-coding RNA) play several different regulatory roles in the body. The goal of this study was to see how adding vitamin D to milk affected the levels of adiponectin and inflammatory lncRNAs in the serum of people with Mets., METHODS: This clinical trial was conducted on staff and students between the ages of 30 and 50 at Mashhad University of Medical Sciences and met the International Diabetes Federation's criteria for Mets. Eighty-two Mets were assigned randomly to one of two groups for ten weeks: fortified milk (FM) with 1500 IU vitamin D or non-fortified milk (NFM). Total RNA was extracted from both frozen clinical samples using Trizol reagent. APQ AS and MALAT1 lncRNA gene expression were measured by Real-Time PCR., RESULTS: Serum adiponectin levels in the FM group increased significantly compared to the NFM group (p = 0.01). Also, the expression of APQ AS and MALAT1 genes decreased after ten weeks, which showed a significant decrease in APQ AS (p = 0.036)., CONCLUSION: As in FM, vitamin D may have anti-inflammatory effects and increase adiponectin levels in people with Mets via decreasing APQ AS gene expression. Copyright © 2023. The Author(s).
Effects of beta-glucan with vitamin E supplementation on the physiological response, litter performance, blood profiles, immune response, and milk composition of lactating sows.; OBJECTIVE: This study was conducted to evaluate the effects of beta-glucan with vitamin E supplementation on the physiological response, litter performance, blood profiles, immune response, and milk composition of lactating sows., METHODS: A total of 50 multiparous F1 sows (YorkshirexLandrace) with an average body weight (BW) of 233.6+/-4.30 kg and an average parity of 4.00+/-0.307 and their litters were used in this experiment. All sows were allotted to one of five treatments, taking into consideration BW, backfat thickness, and parity in a completely randomized design with 10 replicates. The experimental diets included a corn-soybean meal-based basal diet with or without 0.1% or 0.2% beta-glucan and 110 IU vitamin E/kg diet., RESULTS: All treatments added with beta-glucan or vitamin E were statistically higher in the average daily feed intake (ADFI) of lactating sows compared to those of the control (Diet, p<0.01). Additionally, the ADFI of lactating sows was significantly higher in the groups supplemented with 0.1% beta-glucan compared to 0.2% beta-glucan (BG, p<0.01). There was an increasing trend in piglet weight at weaning (BG, p = 0.07), litter weight at the 21st day of lactation (BG, p = 0.07) and litter weight gain (BG, p = 0.08) in groups supplemented with 0.1% beta-glucan. The addition of 110 IU vitamin E/kg diet increased vitamin E concentration significantly in lactating sows (VE, p<0.01) and exhibited a trend for higher concentrations of vitamin E (VE, p = 0.09) in piglets. Adding 0.1% beta-glucan compared to 0.2% beta-glucan induced a decrease in the concentration of tumor necrosis factor-alpha in lactating sows (BG, p = 0.06) and in piglets (BG, p = 0.09) on the 21st day of lactation. There were no significant differences in the milk composition of sows., CONCLUSION: Adding 0.1% beta-glucan and 110 IU vitamin E/kg to a lactating sow's diet was beneficial to the growth performance of piglets by leading to an increase in the feed intake of sows and efficiently supplying vitamin E to both the sows and piglets.
The effect of different implant programs on beef x dairy steer feedlot growth performance and carcass characteristics.; The objective of this study was to evaluate potency and timing of trenbolone acetate (TBA) administration on live performance and carcass characteristics of beef x dairy steers. A total of 6,895 beef x dairy steers [initial body weight (BW) = 157 +/- 5.2 kg] were allotted into 30 pens, with pen as the experimental unit. Each pen was randomly assigned one of three implant treatments: 1) Revalor-IS (IS) at d 0, IS at d 80, and Revalor-XS (XS) at d 160 (IS/IS/XS); 2) Ralgro at d 0, IS at d 80, and XS at d 160 (Ral/IS/XS); or 3) Encore at d 0 and XS at d 160 (Enc/XS). Steers were blocked by arrival date, each pen was terminally sorted in three ways at 257 +/- 22 days on feed and harvested at 329 +/- 25 days on feed. For live and carcass outcomes, fixed effect of implant treatment and random effect of block was evaluated. Data are reported on a deads and removals out basis. Removals, morbidity, and mortality were similar (P >= 0.45). Steers administered TBA prior to d 160 were 5.8 kg heavier (P = 0.03) than Enc/XS steers at d 160. Final BW was not different (P = 0.78). Early administration of a TBA-containing implant resulted in an increased prevalence of bullers [2.40%, 5.18%, 6.86% (for Enc/XS, Ral/IS/XS, and IS/IS/XS) respectively; P < 0.01]. Dry matter intake (DMI) was 2.3% greater (P < 0.01) in steers administered Enc/XS compared to IS/IS/XS; however, DMI as a percentage of BW, average daily gain, and feed efficiency were not different (P >= 0.12). Dressing percentage, hot carcass weight, heavy carcass occurrence, Longissimus muscle area, and 12th rib fat thickness were similar among all steers (P >= 0.28). Marbling score tended to be greatest for Enc/XS and Ral/IS/XS (P = 0.09). Enc/XS graded a greater proportion of USDA Prime and fewer USDA Select carcasses than IS/IS/XS (P < 0.05). Enc/XS and Ral/IS/XS tended (P = 0.09) to have more USDA Yield Grade (YG) 1 carcasses. While delayed administration or decreased total potency of TBA-containing implants may decrease buller incidence and improve Quality Grade, few differences were observed in live or carcass outcomes. Copyright © The Author(s) 2023. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society of Animal Science.
Evaluation of silver sulfadiazine 1%-cerium nitrate 2.2% cream efficacy and safety in moderate to severe burn patients: a single-blind randomized clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: Burn injury is a major global health crisis. Topical antimicrobials such as silver sulfadiazine (SSD) are commonly used for superficial burn wounds. SSD has a broad-spectrum antimicrobial activity and also anti-inflammatory property, but also suffers from some limitations. Therefore, some studies suggest to add cerium nitrate (CN) to SSD, as an immunomodulatory and tanning agent with antitoxic properties, but its effect on patients' mortality, length of hospital stay, and bacterial colonization is contraversial., OBJECTIVES: In this research, we evaluated the efficacy and safety of SSD 1%+CN 2.2% cream in patients with moderate to severe burn., MATERIAL AND METHODS: Twenty-two patients who fulfilled the inclusion criteria randomly were assigned to the intervention (n=7) or control (n=15) group and received SSD 1%+CN 2.2% or SSD cream 1% respectively, once daily until the complete re-epithelization or prepration of the burned skin for grafting. Intesity of pain, re-epithelialization time, required interventions, laboratory and clinical findings and final outcome were recorded., RESULTS: There was no significant difference in re-epithelialization time between the treatment and control groups (P>0.05). The same findings were reported about the required interventions and laboratory and clinical parameters. However, the final outcome and the pain score on third day were significantly better in the treatment group (P=0.017). On the other hand, all patients in the treatment group needed graft surgery., CONCLUSION: Use of SSD 1%+CN 2.2% cream did not significantly improve re-epithelization time or infection occurrence and patients' pain, but also increased graft surgery rate in comparison with SDD 1% cream in moderate to severe burns. IJBT Copyright © 2023.
Influences of Yogurt with Functional Ingredients from Various Sources That Help Treat Leaky Gut on Intestinal Barrier Dysfunction in Caco-2 Cells.; The impact of yogurts made with starter culture bacteria (L. bulgaricus and S. thermophilus) and supplemented with ingredients (maitake mushrooms, quercetin, L-glutamine, slippery elm bark, licorice root, N-acetyl-D-glucosamine, zinc orotate, and marshmallow root) that can help treat leaky gut were investigated using the Caco-2 cell monolayer as a measure of intestinal barrier dysfunction. Milk from the same source was equally dispersed into nine pails, and the eight ingredients were randomly allocated to the eight pails. The control had no ingredients. The Caco-2 cells were treated with isoflavone genistein (negative control) and growth media (positive control). Inflammation was stimulated using an inflammatory cocktail of cytokines (interferon-gamma, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and interleukin-1beta) and lipopolysaccharide. The yogurt without ingredients (control yogurt) was compared to the yogurt treatments (yogurts with ingredients) that help treat leaky gut. Transepithelial electrical resistance (TEER) and paracellular permeability were measured to evaluate the integrity of the Caco-2 monolayer. Transmission electron microscopy (TEM), immunofluorescence microscopy (IM), and real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RTQPCR) were applied to measure the integrity of tight junction proteins. The yogurts were subjected to gastric and intestinal digestion, and TEER was recorded. Ferrous ion chelating activity, ferric reducing potential, and DPPH radical scavenging were also examined to determine the yogurts' antioxidant capacity. Yogurt with quercetin and marshmallow root improved the antioxidant activity and TEER and had the lowest permeability in fluorescein isothiocyanate (FITC)-dextran and Lucifer yellow flux among the yogurt samples. TEM, IM, and RTQPCR revealed that yogurt enhanced tight junction proteins' localization and gene expression. Intestinal digestion of the yogurt negatively impacted inflammation-induced Caco-2 barrier dysfunction, while yogurt with quercetin, marshmallow root, maitake mushroom, and licorice root had the highest TEER values compared to the control yogurt. Yogurt fortification with quercetin, marshmallow root, maitake mushroom, and licorice root may improve functionality when dealing with intestinal barrier dysfunction.
The Dietary Inclusion of Ensiled Olive Cake Increases Unsaturated Lipids in Milk and Alters the Expression of Lipogenic Genes in Mammary and Adipose Tissue in Goats.; This study aimed to evaluate the effect of the dietary inclusion of ensiled OC on milk yield, composition, fatty acid (FA) profile, and the expression of selected genes involved in lipid metabolism in the udder and adipose tissue of goats. Seventy-two Damascus dairy goats in mid-lactation were assigned randomly to three iso-nitrogenous and iso-energetic diets containing 0, 10, and 20% of ensiled OC as a replacement of forage (OC0, OC10, and OC20, respectively) for 42 days. During weeks 5 and 6 of the trial, dry matter intake, milk yield, milk composition, and FA profiles were recorded, while mammary and perirenal adipose tissue samples were also collected from six animals per treatment from the OC0 and OC20 groups for gene expression analysis. No significant differences were observed among groups concerning milk yield, 4% fat-corrected milk, fat, or protein yield (kg/d). In contrast, the milk fat percentage was gradually increased with increasing OC inclusion rates in the diets, while milk protein percentages were elevated in both OC groups but significantly only in the milk of the OC20 group. The content of FA between C4:0 to C16:0 was reduced, while mono-unsaturated FA (MUFA) concentration was enhanced in the goat milk of OC groups. The OC feeding treatment was associated with the increased mammary expression of SLC2A1 (p < 0.05), VLDLR (p < 0.01), FABP3 (p < 0.01), and elevated SLC2A1 (p < 0.05) and FASN (p < 0.01) gene expression in the adipose tissue of goats fed the OC20 diet. Overall, OC can be used in goats' diets as a forage replacement, at least in the inclusion rate of 20% DM, since this could increase the milk protein and fat percentage and enrich its content with beneficial for human health lipids without adversely affecting milk production traits.
Effects of soy milk ingestion immediately after resistance training on muscular-related biomarkers in older men: a randomized controlled trial.; We evaluated the effects of soy milk ingestion on changes in body composition, strength, power, and muscular-related biomarkers following 12 weeks of resistance training in older men. Thirty healthy older men (age = 65.63 +/- 3.16 years; body mass = 62.63 +/- 3.86 kg) were randomly assigned to one of two groups: soy milk + resistance training (SR) or placebo + resistance training (PR). Participants in the SR group received 240 ml of vanilla-flavoured non-dairy soy milk immediately after every training session and at the same time on non-training days. Differences in muscle mass, upper limb body strength (UBS), lower limb aerobic power (LAP), activin A, and GDF15 were significantly greater in the SR group vs. the PR group (P < 0.05). Both intervention groups experienced a significant (p < 0.05) reduction in body mass (PR = -3.9 kg; SR = -3.2 kg), body fat % (PR = -0.8%; SR = -1.2%), activin A (PR = -5.1 pg/ml; SR = -12.8 pg/ml), GDF15 (PR = -8.1 pg/ml; SR = -14.7 pg/ml), TGFbeta1 (PR = -0.43 pg/ml; SR = -0.41 pg/ml), and increase in muscle mass (PR = 0.81 kg; SR = 2.5 kg), UBS (PR = 3.4 kg; SR = 6.7 kg), lower limb body strength (PR = 2.8 kg; SR = 5.2 kg), upper limb aerobic power (PR = 34.3 W; SR = 38.6 W), LAP (PR = 23.2 W; SR = 45.2 W), BDNF (PR = 8.3 ng/ml; SR = 12.7 ng/ml), and irisin (PR = 1.5 ng/ml; SR = 2.9 ng/ml) compared to baseline. The ingestion of soy milk during 12 weeks of resistance training augmented lean mass, strength, and power, and altered serum concentrations of skeletal muscle regulatory markers in older men. Copyright © Biology of Sport 2023.
Baseline Levels of Circulating Inflammatory Biomarkers Stratify Patients with Vitiligo Who Significantly Repigment after Treatment with Ruxolitinib Cream.; BACKGROUND: Efficacy of ruxolitinib cream, a topical Jak1/Jak2 inhibitor, was demonstrated in a phase 2 trial in patients with vitiligo., OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to characterize circulating inflammatory biomarker profiles in patients who demonstrated >=50% improvement in facial Vitiligo Area Scoring Index scores by week 24 (group 1) and those who did not (group 2)., DESIGN: This was a posthoc analysis of a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, vehicle-controlled, phase 2 study in which screening was conducted between June 7, 2017 and March 21, 2018., POPULATION: Patients aged between 18 and 75 years with vitiligo, including depigmentation affecting >=0.5% of body surface area on the face and >=3% of body surface area on nonfacial areas, were eligible., INTERVENTION: Patients applied 1.5% ruxolitinib cream to lesions once or twice daily for 52 weeks., MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Patients were grouped by achievement of >=50% improvement in facial Vitiligo Area Scoring Index at week 24. Proteomic analysis was performed on baseline serum samples., RESULTS: Mean +/- standard error facial Vitiligo Area Scoring Index in group 1 (n = 30) versus group 2 (n = 27) improved by 79.9 +/- 4.0% versus 1.1 +/- 7.3% and 91.9 +/- 1.5% versus 25.1 +/- 13.4% at weeks 24 and 52, respectively. Broad proteomic analysis revealed 76 proteins (of 1,104 tested) that were differentially expressed between groups 1 and 2 at baseline (P < 0.05). Ten distinct proteins were upregulated in group 1; 64 were elevated in group 2., CONCLUSION: This analysis identified potential differences between patients who achieved >=50% improvement in facial Vitiligo Area Scoring Index at 24 weeks and those who did not that require deeper scientific interrogation and may be important in stratifying therapeutic benefit for patients with vitiligo., TRIAL REGISTRATION: The original study was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT03099304. Copyright © 2023 The Authors.
The effect of conjugated linoleic acids on inflammation, oxidative stress, body composition and physical performance: a comprehensive review of putative molecular mechanisms.; Conjugated linoleic acids (CLAs) are polyunsaturated fatty acids primarily found in dairy products and ruminant animal products such as beef, lamb, and butter. Supplementation of CLAs has recently become popular among athletes due to the variety of health-promoting effects, including improvements in physical performance. Preclinical and some clinical studies have shown that CLAs can reduce inflammation and oxidative stress and favorably modulate body composition and physical performance; however, the results of previously published clinical trials are mixed. Here, we performed a comprehensive review of previously published clinical trials that assessed the role of CLAs in modulating inflammation, oxidative stress, body composition, and select indices of physical performance, emphasizing the molecular mechanisms governing these changes. The findings of our review demonstrate that the effect of supplementation with CLAs on inflammation and oxidative stress is controversial, but this supplement can decrease body fat mass and increase physical performance. Future well-designed randomized clinical trials are warranted to determine the effectiveness of (1) specific doses of CLAs; (2) different dosing durations of CLAs; (3) various CLA isomers, and the exact molecular mechanisms by which CLAs positively influence oxidative stress, inflammation, body composition, and physical performance. Copyright © 2023. BioMed Central Ltd., part of Springer Nature.
Effects of graded levels of dietary protein supplementation on milk yield, body weight gain, blood biochemical parameters, and gut microbiota in lactating ewes.; Diet-associated characteristics such as dietary protein levels can modulate the composition and diversity of the gut microbiota, leading to effects on the productive performance and overall health of animals. The objective of this study was to see how changes in dietary protein levels affect milk yield, body weight gain, blood biochemical parameters, and gut microbiota in lactating ewes. In a completely randomized design, eighteen ewes were randomly assigned to three groups (n = 6 ewes/group), and each group was assigned to one of three dietary treatments with different protein contents. The ewes' groups were fed on 8.38% (S-I), 10.42% (S-m), and 13.93% (S-h) dietary protein levels on a dry basis. The body weight gain and milk yield were greater (p < 0.05) in ewes fed the S-h dietary treatment than in those fed the S-m and S-1 diets, respectively. However, milk protein contents were similar (p > 0.05) across the treatments. The blood glucose, total protein, cholesterol, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein, low-density lipoprotein, lactate, creatinine, and C-reactive protein contents of lactating ewes were not influenced (p > 0.05) by different dietary protein levels. The alanine transaminase, aminotransferase, and lactate dehydrogenase activities were also not changed (p > 0.05) across the groups. However, blood urea nitrogen and albumin contents of lactating ewes were changed (p < 0.05) with increasing levels of dietary protein, and these metabolite concentrations were higher (p < 0.05) for S-h than the rest of the treatments. In the different treatment groups, Firmicutes and Bacteroidetes were found to be the most dominant phyla. However, the abundance of Lachnospiraceae species decreased as dietary protein levels increased. Within the Bacteroidetes phylum, Rikenellaceae were more abundant, followed by Prevotellaceae, in ewes fed the S-m diet compared to those fed the other diets. Based on the results, feeding at an optimal protein level improved milk yield and body weight gain through modifying the digestive tract's beneficial bacterial communities. The results of blood metabolites suggested that feeding higher-protein diets has no negative impact on health. Copyright © 2023 Zhao, Ali, Hassan, Bashir, Ni, Lv, Yang, Danzeng and Quan.
Postprandial lipemic response in dairy-avoiding females following an equal volume of sheep milk relative to cow milk: A randomized controlled trial.; Background: Sheep milk (SM) is an alternate dairy source, which despite many similarities, has both compositional and structural differences in lipids compared to cow milk (CM). Studies are yet to examine the apparent digestibility of SM lipids, relative to CM, and the potential impact on the plasma lipidome., Objective: To determine the response of the circulatory lipidome to equal volume servings of SM and CM, in females who avoid dairy products., Method: In a double-blinded, randomized, cross-over trial, self-described dairy avoiding females (n = 30; 24.4 +/- 1.1 years) drank SM or CM (650 mL; 33.4 vs. 21.3 g total lipid content; reconstituted from spray dried milk powders) following an overnight fast. Blood samples were collected at fasting and at regular intervals over 4 h after milk consumption. The plasma lipidome was analyzed by LC-MS and fatty acids were quantified by GC-FID., Results: The overall postprandial triglyceride (TG) response was similar between SM and CM. TG concentrations were comparable at fasting for both groups, however they were higher after CM consumption at 30 min (interaction milk x time p = 0.003), well before any postprandial lipemic response. This was despite greater quantities provided by SM. However, there were notable differences in the postprandial fatty acid response, with SM leading to an increase in short- and medium-chain fatty acids (MCFAs) (C6:0, C8:0, and C10:0) and several long-chain fatty acids (LCFAs) (C18:1 t11, c9, t11-CLA, and C20:0; interaction time x milk p < 0.05). This corresponded to a greater postprandial response for medium chain triglycerides (MCTs) C10:0, including TG(10:0/14:0/18:1), TG(16:0/10:0/12:0), and TG(16:0/10:0/14:0) (interaction time x milk p < 0.05)., Conclusions: Despite a higher fat content, SM ingestion resulted in a greater circulating abundance of MCTs, without increasing total postprandial triglyceride response, when compared to CM. The greater abundance and postprandial appearance of MCTs may provide advantageous metabolic responses in children and adults., Unique identifier and registry: U1111-1209-7768; https://www.anzctr.org.au/Trial/Registration/TrialReview.aspx?id=375324. Copyright © 2023 Teng, Samuelsson, Milan, Subbaraj, Agnew, Shrestha, Cameron-Smith and Day.
Independent and Combined Effects of Probiotics and Prebiotics as Supplements or Food-Rich Diets on a Propionic-Acid-Induced Rodent Model of Autism Spectrum Disorder.; The link between nutrition and autism spectrum disorder (ASD) as a neurodevelopmental condition, which is clinically presented as significant delays or deviations in interaction and communication, has provided a fresh point of view and signals that nutrition may play a role in the etiology of ASD, as well as playing an effective role in treatment by improving symptoms. In this study, 36 male albino rat pups were used. They were randomly divided into five groups. The control group was fed only a standard diet and water for the 30 days of the experiment. The second group, which served as a propionic acid (PPA)-induced rodent model of ASD, received orally administered PPA (250 mg/kg body weight (BW)) for 3 days, followed by feeding with a standard diet until the end of the experiment. The three other groups were given PPA (250 mg/kg body weight (BW)) for 3 days and then fed a standard diet and orally administered yogurt (3 mL/kg BW/day), artichokes (400 mL/kg BW/day), and a combination of Lacticaseibacillus rhamnosus GG at 0.2 mL daily (1 x 109 CFU; as the probiotic of yogurt) and luteolin (50 mg/kg BW/day; as the major antioxidant and anti-inflammatory ingredient of artichokes) for 27 days. Biochemical markers, including gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA), reduced glutathione (GSH), glutathione peroxidase (GPx1), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin-6 (IL-6), and interleukin-10 (IL-10), were measured in brain homogenates in all groups. The data showed that while PPA demonstrated oxidative stress and neuroinflammation in the treated rats, yogurt, Lacticaseibacillus rhamnosus GG as a probiotic, and luteolin as a prebiotic ingredient in artichokes were effective in alleviating the biochemical features of ASD. In conclusion, nutritional supplementation seems to be a promising intervention strategy for ASD. A combined dietary approach using pro- and prebiotics resulted in significant amelioration of most of the measured variables, suggesting that multiple interventions might be more relevant for the improvement of biochemical autistic features, as well as psychological traits. Prospective controlled trials are needed before recommendations can be made regarding the ideal ASD diet.
Effect on bone anabolic markers of daily cheese intake with and without vitamin K2: a randomised clinical trial.; Background: Daily intake of 57 g Jarlsberg cheese has been shown to increase the total serum osteocalcin (tOC). Is this a general cheese effect or specific for Jarlsberg containing vitamin K2 and 1,4-dihydroxy-2naphtoic acid (DHNA)?, Methods: 66 healthy female volunteers (HV) were recruited. By skewed randomisation (3:2), 41 HV were allocated to daily intake of 57 g Jarlsberg (J-group) and 25-50 g Camembert (C-group) in 6 weeks. After 6 weeks the C-group was switched to Jarlsberg. The study duration was 12 weeks with clinical investigations every 6 weeks. The main variables were procollagen type 1 N-terminal propeptide (PINP), tOC, carboxylated osteocalcin (cOC) and the osteocalcin ratio (RO) defined as the ratio between cOC and undercarboxylated osteocalcin (ucOC). Serum cross-linked C-telopeptide type I collagen (CTX), vitamin K2, lipids and clinical chemistry were used as secondary variables., Results: PINP, tOC, cOC, RO and vitamin K2 increased significantly (p<0.01) after 6 weeks in the J-group. PINP remained unchanged in the C-group. The other variables decreased slightly in the C-group but increased significantly (p<=0.05) after switching to Jarlsberg. No CTX-changes detected in neither of the groups.Serum lipids increased slightly in both groups. Switching to Jarlsberg, total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol were significantly reduced (p<=0.05). Glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c), Ca++ and Mg++ were significantly reduced in the J-group, but unchanged in the C-group. Switching to Jarlsberg, HbA1c and Ca++ decreased significantly., Conclusion: The effect of daily Jarlsberg intake on increased s-osteocalcin level is not a general cheese effect. Jarlsberg contain vitamin K2 and DHNA which increases PINP, tOC, cOC and RO and decreases Ca++, Mg++ and HbA1c. These effects reflect increased bone anabolism and a possible reduced risk of adverse metabolic outcomes., Trial registration number: NCT04189796. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2022. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Comparison of EMLA Cream versus Lidocaine Injection for Lumbar Puncture Pain Control in Pediatric Oncology Patients.; Background Subcutaneous lidocaine injection and topical EMLA cream are both used to control lumbar puncture (LP) pain; however, local analgesia usage is not standardized. Methods We conducted a prospective, single-blinded, randomized-controlled crossover trial comparing the two modalities in reducing LP pain. Pediatric patients requiring serial LPs were randomly assigned to receive EMLA cream or lidocaine injection prior to LP. On the subsequent LP, analgesia was defaulted to the other agent. Pain was assessed using the Wong-Baker FACES Pain Rating Scale pre-procedure: 30 to 60 minutes post-LP, and 24 hours post-procedure. Results Ten patients were included in the analysis (median age: 5.5 years). Pain ratings at 1 and 24 hours post-LP did not differ between the two strategies ( p = 0.79). No adverse local reactions were reported for either agent. Conclusion Accordingly, both lidocaine and EMLA cream provided effective LP pain control. Copyright Syrian American Medical Society. This is an open access article published by Thieme under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-NonDerivative-NonCommercial License, permitting copying and reproduction so long as the original work is given appropriate credit. Contents may not be used for commercial purposes, or adapted, remixed, transformed or built upon. ( https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/ ).
Sodium Danshensu Cream Promotes the Healing of Pressure Ulcers in Mice through the Nrf2/HO-1 and NF-kappaB Pathways.; On the basis of the mice pressure ulcers (PU) model, the protective effect and potential mechanism of sodium Danshensu (SDSS) cream against PU were investigated. The mice were randomly divided into three groups: the negative control group (cream without 0.5 g SDSS), the SDSS group (cream containing 0.5 g SDSS), and the positive group (0.5 g Hirudoid R). After 7 and 14 days of ointment application, the wound-healing rate of the SDSS and positive groups was significantly higher than that of the control group (p < 0.05). The results of hematoxylin-eosin staining also indicated that SDSS has the potential to promote the healing of PU. In addition, the serum IL-6, IL-1beta, TNF-alpha, and MDA levels decreased significantly (p < 0.01) after 14 days of SDSS treatment, while the SOD, CAT, and GSH-Px activities increased significantly (p < 0.01). In addition, SDSS cream was able to significantly increase the expression of Nrf2, HO-1, GCLM, NQO1, NF-kappaB p65, NF-kappaB p50, IKKalpha, and IKKbeta while decreasing the expression of Keap1 and IkappaBalphain the Nrf2/HO-1 and NF-kappaB pathways. Our research will provide a foundation for the future clinical prevention and treatment of PU with SDSS cream.
Rumen-protected glucose supplementation alters fecal microbiota and its metabolic profiles in early lactation dairy cows.; Introduction: Negative energy balance (NEB) is the pathological basis of metabolic disorders in early lactation dairy cows. Rumen-protected glucose (RPG) is a feed additive to relieve NEB of cows in early lactation. The aims of the current study were to evaluate the impact of different doses of RPG supply on fecal microbiota and metabolome in early lactation dairy cows, and their correlation with each other., Methods: A total of 24 multiparous Holstein dairy cows in early lactation were randomly assigned to one of four treatments for the first 35 days of the early lactation period, as follows: control group, a basal diet without RPG (CON); low RPG, a basal diet plus 200 g/d RPG (LRPG); medium RPG, a basal diet plus 350 g/d RPG (MRPG); or HRPG, high RPG, a basal diet plus 500 g/d RPG (HRPG). After 35 days, fecal samples were obtained from cows in all groups individually and using 16S rRNA gene sequencing to evaluate their microbiotas, while their metabolites were evaluated through metabolomics., Results: As expected, Firmicutes and Bacteroidetes were the core bacteria phyla. After RPG supplementation, there were an increase in Firmicutes and a decrease in Bacteroidetes. MRPG increased the relative abundance of cellulolytic bacteria, including Ruminococcaceae_UCG-005, Lachnospiraceae_UCG-008, Lachnospiraceae_FCS020_group, and Ruminiclostridium_9, while it decreased the relative abundance of Alistipes, Prevotellaceae_UCG-003, and Dorea. RPG supplementation could regulate the carbohydrate metabolism and amino acid metabolism pathway significantly and relieve lipolysis in dairy cows. Correlation analysis of fecal microbiome and metabolome showed that some major differential bacteria were the crucial contributors to differential metabolites., Conclusion: In conclusion, RPG supplementation can affect the fecal microbial components and microbial metabolism, and 350 g RPG might be the ideal dose as a daily supplement. Copyright © 2022 Wang, Zhao, Nan, Wang, Cai, Jiang, Luo and Xiong.
The Influence of Increased Dairy Product Consumption, as Part of a Lifestyle Modification Intervention, on Diet Quality and Eating Patterns in Female Adolescents with Overweight/Obesity.; Our study examined how increased dairy consumption versus habitually low dairy consumption, against a background of healthy eating (and exercise), influenced diet quality, nutrient intake, and snacking in Canadian female adolescents (14.8 +/- 2.2 years) with overweight/obesity (OW/OB). We also explored dairy consumption patterns in the group consuming dairy products. Participants were randomized into two groups: higher/recommended dairy (RDa; 4 svg/d; n = 24) or low dairy (LDa; 0-2 svg/d; n = 23). Both groups participated in a 12-week, eucaloric, lifestyle modification intervention consisting of exercise training and nutritional counseling. The intervention increased the total Canadian Healthy Eating Index score (p < 0.001) with no differences between groups. The "other food" sub-score improved more in RDa than LDa (p = 0.02), and the "saturated fat" sub-score increased more in LDa than RDa (p = 0.02). The intervention significantly increased the consumption of dairy-related nutrients more in RDa than LDa (p < 0.05). The intervention also decreased snack size in both groups (p = 0.01) and improved percentage of healthy snack energy intake more in RDa than LDa (p = 0.04). More servings of dairy products were consumed as snacks than at breakfast, lunch, or dinner (p < 0.05). Thus, our study improved diet quality, and dairy product consumption improved intakes of key related nutrients and snack consumption in adolescents with OW/OB.
The effects of fucoidan as a dairy substitute on diarrhea rate and intestinal barrier function of the large intestine in weaned lambs.; This paper explores the effects of fucoidan on the frequency of diarrhea, colon morphology, colon antioxidant status, cytokine content, short-chain fatty acids, and microflora of cecal contents in early weaned lambs in order to provide a reference for the intestinal health of young ruminants. Fucoidan is a natural active polysaccharide extracted from kelp and other large brown algae. It has many biological effects, such as improving immunity, nourishing the stomach and intestines, and anti-tumor properties. This study investigated the effects of fucoidan supplementation in milk replacer on the large intestine's ability to act as an intestinal barrier in weaned lambs. With six duplicate pens and one lamb per pen, a total of 24 weaned lambs (average starting body weight of 7.32 +/- 0.37 kg) were randomly assigned to one of four milk replacer treatments. Four concentrations of fucoidan supplementation (0, 0.1, 0.3, and 0.6% dry matter intake) were employed to investigate the effects of fucoidan on cecal fermentation and colon microbial organization. The test period lasted 37 days (1 week before the test and 1 month after the test), and lamb cecal contents and colon organization were collected for examination. In addition, the fecal status of all lambs was observed and recorded daily, allowing us to calculate the incidence of diarrhea in weaned lambs. The findings demonstrated that fucoidan may significantly increase the concentration of short-chain fatty acids (propionic acid and butyric acid) in the cecal digesta of weaned lambs. In weaned lambs, 16S rDNA testing showed that fucoidan at 0.3-0.6% (dry matter intake) was beneficial for boosting the variety of the intestinal bacteria and modifying the relative abundance of a few bacterial strains. In addition, fucoidan enhanced colon antioxidant and immune functions and decreased the diarrhea rate to relieve weaning stress. This result demonstrates that milk replacer supplementation with fucoidan contributes to the improvement in the large intestinal health of weaned lambs. Copyright © 2022 Guo, Yang, Fan, Lan, Gao, Gan, Yu, Yin and Wang.
Maternal pyrimidine nucleoside supplementation regulates fatty acid, amino acid and glucose metabolism of neonatal piglets.; Pyrimidine nucleosides (PN) are abundant in mammalian milk and mainly involved in glycogen deposition and lipid metabolism. To investigate the effects of maternal supplementation with pyrimidine nucleoside on glucose, fatty acids (FAs), and amino acids (AAs) metabolism in neonatal piglets. Forty pregnant sows were randomly assigned into the control (CON) group (fed a basal diet, n = 20) or the PN group (fed a basal diet supplemented with PN at 150 g/t, n = 20). Litter size, born alive and birth litter weight were recorded. The serum and placenta of sows, and jejunum and liver of neonatal piglets were sampled. The results indicated that supplementing sow diets with PN decreased birth mortality and increased the birth weight of piglets (P < 0.05). In addition, neonates from sows supplemented with PN had higher glucose levels in serum and liver compared with the CON group (P < 0.05). Moreover, maternal PN supplementation regulated the ratio of saturated FAs and polyunsaturated FAs, and AAs content in serum and liver of piglets (P < 0.05). Furthermore, an up-regulation of mRNA expression of genes related to glucose and AA transport were observed in the neonatal jejunum from the PN group (P < 0.05). Additionally, hepatic protein expressions of phosphorylated hormone-sensitive lipase (P-HSL), HSL, sterol regulatory element-binding transcription factor 1c (SREBP-1c), and phosphorylated protein kinase B (P-AKT) was higher in the piglets from the PN group than the CON group (P < 0.05). Together, maternal PN supplementation may regulate nutrient metabolism of neonatal piglets by modulating the gene expression of glucose and AA transporters in placenta and jejunum, and the gene and protein expression of key enzymes related to lipid metabolism in liver of neonatal piglets, which may improve the reproductive performance of sows. Copyright © 2022 The Authors. Publishing services by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of KeAi Communications Co. Ltd.
Effect of Probiotic Lactobacillus plantarum Dad-13 on Metabolic Profiles and Gut Microbiota in Type 2 Diabetic Women: A Randomized Double-Blind Controlled Trial.; Several pathways link type 2 diabetes (T2D) mellitus to the gut microbiome. By modifying the gut microbiota (GM), probiotics may be useful in the treatment of T2D. Lactobacillus plantarum Dad-13 is an indigenous Indonesian probiotic strain that has colonized the digestive tracts of healthy Indonesian adults. Furthermore, the GM of Indonesians is dominated by L. plantarum. The probiotic L. plantarum Dad-13 is likely suitable for Indonesians. This study aimed to assess the effect of the probiotic L. plantarum Dad-13 on metabolic profiles and GM of women with T2D in Yogyakarta, Indonesia. Twenty women from each group of forty T2D patients received either a probiotic or a placebo. The probiotic group consumed 1 g skim milk powder containing 1010 CFU/g L. plantarum daily for 11 weeks. The placebo group received 1 g skim milk powder only daily for 11 weeks. At the start and end of the experiment, anthropometric measures, dietary intake surveys, blood samples, and fecal samples were obtained. The GM analysis of all samples was performed using polymerase chain reaction, and Illumina Novaseq was applied to the selected samples from each group at the beginning and end of the trial. Short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) were analyzed with gas chromatography. The level of HbA1c in the probiotic group (n:10) significantly decreased from 9.34 +/- 2.79% to 8.32 +/- 2.04%. However, in comparison with the placebo (n:8), L. plantarum Dad-13 supplementation did not significantly decrease the HbA1c level. No significant change was observed in the fasting blood sugar and total cholesterol levels in either group. The GM analysis showed that L. plantarum Dad-13 supplementation resulted in a considerable increase in the L. plantarum number. No significant changes were observed in the Bifidobacterium and Prevotella populations. In addition, no significant change was observed in the fecal pH and SCFA (e.g., acetic acid, propionate, butyrate, and total SCFA) after supplementation with L. plantarum Dad-13.
Effects of sugar-sweetened soda on plasma saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids in individuals with obesity: A randomized study.; Background: High carbohydrate, i.e., sugars, intake potentially drives the liver into a lipogenic state leading to elevated plasma fatty acids. Excessive intake of saturated fat and sugar-sweetened soda induces liver fat accumulation, but studying the effect of high intake from sugar-sweetened soda on the de novo lipogenesis (DNL) fatty acids in long-term randomized trials is lacking., Objective: To study the effect of consuming 1 L/day of sugar-sweetened soda, semi-skimmed milk (milk), aspartame-sweetened soda or water over 24 weeks on DNL-derived fatty acids (i.e., palmitate (primary outcome) and other saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids), and markers of stearoyl-CoA desaturase activity (SCD1) in plasma phospholipids (PL), cholesteryl esters (CE), and triglycerides (TG)., Design and methods: A randomized parallel study was conducted simultaneously at Aarhus University Hospital and Copenhagen University, Denmark, including (n = 41) individuals aged 20-50 years, with BMI of 26-40 kg/m2, and without diabetes. The groups consisted of 9 individuals in the sugar-sweetened soda, 10 in the milk, 11 in the aspartame-sweetened soda, and 11 in the water. The change at 24 weeks was assessed and compared across the groups using ANCOVA and mixed-effects models. Correlations of fatty acid changes with liver fat accumulation (magnetic resonance imaging) were explored., Results: After 24 weeks, the groups differed in palmitate proportions in PL, oleate in CE and PL, and palmitoleate and SCD1 in all fractions (p < 0.05). Compared with water, the relative proportion of palmitate in PL increased by approximately 1% during both sugar-sweetened soda (p = 0.011) and milk (p = 0.006), whereas oleate and palmitoleate increased only during sugar-sweetened soda (CE 2.77%, p < 0.001; PL 1.51%, p = 0.002 and CE 1.46%, PL 0.24%, TG 1.31%, all p < 0.001, respectively). Liver fat accumulation correlated consistently with changes in palmitoleate, whereas correlations with palmitate and oleate were inconsistent across lipid fractions., Conclusions: Although both sugar-sweetened soda and milk increased palmitate in PL, only excess intake of sugar-sweetened soda increased palmitoleate in all lipid fractions and correlated with liver fat. In contrast, isocaloric milk intake did not increase plasma monounsaturated fatty acids., Clinical trial registration: [https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT00777647], identifier [NCT00777647]. Copyright © 2022 Bajahzer, Bruun, Rosqvist, Marklund, Richelsen and Riserus.
Effects of Vitamin D3 Fortified Low-fat Dairy Products on Bone Density Measures in Adults with Abdominal Obesity: A Randomized Clinical Trial.; Background: Bone disease-related fractures constitute a heavy burden on the healthcare systems and economy. Vitamin D is an important regulator of bone health and its deficiency is a global problem. This study aimed to evaluate the effect of the 1,500 IU nano-encapsulated vitamin D used for fortifying low-fat dairy products (milk and yogurt) on bone health parameters., Methods: This parallel totally blinded, randomized controlled trial was part of the Ultraviolet Intake by Nutritional Approach study and conducted on 306 individuals with abdominal obesity. Individuals were randomly assigned to four groups, including fortified low-fat milk (1,500 IU nano-encapsulated vitamin D3 per 200 g/d), non-fortified low-fat milk, fortified low-fat yogurt (1,500 IU nano-encapsulated vitamin D3 per 150 g/d), and non-fortified low-fat yogurt, for 10 weeks between January and March 2019. Bone mineral density (BMD) and trabecular bone score (TBS) were measured at the baseline and end of the trial. Trabecular bone score and BMD were defined as primary and secondary outcomes., Results: There were no significant differences in TBS and BMD between the intervention and control groups at the end of the trial (P>0.05)., Conclusion: This trial demonstrated no significant effect of nano-encapsulated vitamin D fortified milk and yogurt on BMD and TBS. There remains a need for longer-term trials regarding bone health outcomes to establish optimal doses of fortification.
Promoting Comfort: A Clinician Guide and Evidence-Based Skin Care Plan in the Prevention and Management of Radiation Dermatitis for Patients with Breast Cancer.; Patients with breast cancer may be offered adjuvant radiation therapy (RT) after surgery. Up to 95% of these patients develop radiation dermatitis (RD) during or following RT. Randomized clinical trials and other literature provide evidence that RD can be prevented or reduced. The aim of this article is to propose a Clinician Guide and Evidence-based Skin Care Plan to prevent and/or reduce radiation dermatitis and promote the comfort of breast cancer patients receiving RT. As an integrative review, the databases searched were CINAHL and Medline, using the key terms: breast cancer, skin care, radiation, radiation therapy, radiotherapy, radiation dermatitis, and radiation skin reaction, prevention, and management. Search criteria included English language, full text, published between 2012 through 2020, and peer-reviewed. The search yielded 320 articles. Relevant articles were evaluated using the Quality Assessment Tool (QAT), and highly rated articles were selected to be included in the review of literature. The outcomes were the development of a Clinician Guide to offer holistic, patient-centered care and an Evidence-based Skin Care Plan. The research literature supports a standard skin care regimen, along with use of an emollient cream to the treatment area, use of deodorants depending on patient preferences, and application of a topical steroid cream daily throughout treatment and two weeks post RT. Clinician's weekly assessments of patients offers therapeutic support and ensures optimal skin care during and post-RT. The comfort of breast cancer patients receiving RT requires the best level of evidence regarding the efficacy of interventions, coupled with clinician's judgement, and patient's preferences and wishes. The clinician-patient relationship is essential in addressing the physical, emotional, social, spiritual, and functional challenges associated with a cancer diagnosis and adjunctive radiation therapy to improve long-term survival.
Alterations in the Milk Metabolome of Dairy Cows Supplemented with Different Levels of Calcium Propionate in Early Lactation.; This study aimed to investigate the effects of dietary supplementation with different levels of calcium propionate on the lactation performance, blood energy metabolite parameters, and milk metabolites of dairy cows in early lactation. Thirty-two multiparous Holstein cows were randomly divided into 4 groups, which were orally drenched with 0, 200, 350, and 500 g/d calcium propionate per cow supplemented to a basal diet for 5 weeks from calving. The milk and blood of the dairy cows were sampled and measured every week. The milk samples from the last week were used for the metabolomic analysis via liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS). The results showed that the calcium propionate supplementation quadratically increased the dry matter intake, energy-corrected milk yield, and 4% fat-corrected milk yield; linearly reduced the milk protein and milk lactose concentrations; and quadratically decreased the somatic cell count in the milk. With the increase in calcium propionate, the serum glucose content showed a linear increase, while the serum insulin content showed a quadratic increase. The diets supplemented with calcium propionate quadratically decreased the beta-hydroxybutyric acid and linearly decreased the non-esterified fatty acid content in the serum. The metabolomic analysis revealed that eighteen different metabolites were identified in the milk samples of the dairy cows supplemented with calcium propionate at 350 g/d, which decreased the abundance of genistein and uridine 5-monophosphate and increased the abundance of adenosine, uracil, protoporphyrin IX, and sphingomyelin (d 18:1/18:0) compared with the control group. The milk metabolic analysis indicated that the calcium propionate effectively improved the milk synthesis and alleviated the mobilization of adipose tissue and bone calcium. In summary, the calcium propionate could improve the lactation performance and energy status and promote the milk metabolic profile of dairy cows in early lactation. Calcium propionate (350 g/d) is a well-recommended supplement for dairy cows for alleviating negative energy balance and hypocalcemia in early lactation.
Determination of factors associated with serum cholesterol response to dairy fat consumption in overweight adults: Secondary analysis from an RCT.; Elevated intakes of saturated fatty acids (SFA) can adversely affect serum cholesterol levels. Dairy fat contains ~60% SFA, prompting healthy eating guidelines to recommend low-fat dairy. Physiological, and environmental factors influence inter-individual variance in response to food consumption. Evidence exploring the dairy matrix has differing effects of dairy fat consumption on serum cholesterol levels when consumed in the form of cheese. The extent of this variability and determinants of response to dairy fat are currently unknown. The objective of this study was to determine factors associated with lipid metabolism response to a dairy fat intervention, with a focus on serum cholesterol. A 6-week randomized parallel intervention trial was carried out in healthy volunteers (>=50 years, BMI >=25 kg/m2). Participants (n = 104) consumed ~40 g dairy fat daily in addition to their usual diet, in 1 of 3 forms: butter, cheese, or reduced-fat cheese and butter. For this analysis, "response" was based on the percentage (%) change in serum total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c), and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c) from pre- to post-intervention. Participants were divided into tertiles for each lipid response. The upper and lower tertiles were used to categorize participants as "responders" and "non-responders." For TC and LDL-c, response was classified as a decrease, whereas "response" was defined as an increase for HDL-c. Clinical response was also considered, by calculating pre- and post-intervention prevalence of those meeting target levels of cholesterol recommendations. Participants demonstrating the largest % decrease (Tertile 1; "responders") in TC had significantly higher levels of TC and HDL-c, at baseline, and lower levels of triglycerides (TAGs) compared to those in tertile 3 (i.e., TC non-responders). Those with the largest % decrease in LDL-c (Tertile 1: LDL-c responders) had higher baseline levels of LDL-c and lower levels of TAGs. Multiple regression analysis revealed that the % change in TC and LDL-c was associated with baseline TC, TAG, body weight and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP; P < 0.05). Previous work has demonstrated the dairy food matrix affects lipid response to dairy consumption. This study suggests that phenotypic differences may also influence response to dairy fat in overweight individuals. Copyright © 2022 O'Connor, Feeney, Bhargava, Noronha and Gibney.
The Effect of Adding Job's Tears to Yogurt on Plasma Glycated Albumin, Weight, and Lipid Profile in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Randomized Controlled Trial.; Background: A potential effect of Job's tears on metabolic diseases has been recognized. However, studies on the effect of Job's tears on lipid profile and glycated albumin (GA) are still rare. This study aimed to examine the influence of Job's tears in conjunction with probiotics on the lipid profile and GA concentration of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus., Methods: This double-blind 12-week study involved 60 patients with type 2 diabetes assigned randomly into two groups. The first group consumed yogurt alone (containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium Bb12), while the second had yogurt with Job's tears once daily (200 ml each). Lipids and GA concentrations were measured using an enzymatic colorimetric assay. Paired and unpaired Students t-test, Wilcoxon signed-rank, and Mann-Whitney test were applied. Statistical significance was set at p < 0.05., Results: The characteristics of the groups were comparable except for baseline plasma GA (p=0.012). Subjects who used Metformin were distributed equally between the groups (p=0.118). Caloric intake between the groups also did not differ (p=0.856). There was also no change in weight, BMI, or plasma GA. Yogurt and the mixture of Job's tears and yogurt reduced cholesterol and LDL and increased HDL (all p < 0.05) within the groups. However, HDL levels in patients who had Job's tears were significantly elevated than yogurt alone (0.9 vs. 25 mg/dL, p=0.029)., Conclusion: The combination of Job's tears and yogurt improved HDL more than yogurt alone. Copyright © 2022 Nanny Djaja.
Effect of high-protein vs. high-fat snacks before lunch on glycemic variability in prediabetes: A study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.; Background: China has the largest number of patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM), and it tends to increasingly grow in the future, putting an enormous burden on disease control and prevention in China. While glycemic variability (GV) came to be an important indicator of blood glucose control in diabetic patients, studies suggested that premeal snacks may help blood glucose control, but there are still some problems to be researched. Therefore, we designed this trial to evaluate which kind of premeal snacks would lead to better effects on GV under two diet patterns in pre-diabetes subjects and to evaluate assessments of acceptability and compliance, behavior, and metabolism changes in individuals will be described., Methods and analysis: The study is a single-center, open-label, multiparallel group, randomized controlled trial. A total of 32 male and female volunteers will be randomized into 4 groups in a single allocated ratio of soy milk (powder) snack, milk (powder) snack, almonds snack, and placebo control with 250 ml of water taken 30 min before lunch, respectively. The study consists of two intervention periods over 11 days. The first intervention period under habitual diet conditions from D3 to D6 (4 days), during which all subjects are asked to maintain their habitual eating and daily activities similar to the run-in period. The second intervention consists of prelunch snacks with standard meals. We will examine both the effect of GV and various metabolic and behavioral outcomes potentially associated with the interventions. At the end of this study, we will assess the acceptability and maintainability of the intervention through interviews., Clinical trial registration: Chinese Clinical Trial Registry, identifier ChiCTR2200058935. Copyright © 2022 Liu, Jiang, Ruan, Liu, Le, Fu and Wang.
The Association of Sugar-Sweetened Beverages to Children's Weights Status Is Moderated by Frequency of Adding Sugars and Sleep Hours.; Adding extra sugars in milk and the moderating effect of sleep has yet to be investigated, setting the aim of this study. A total of 1361 school-aged children were included, aged 10-12 years old, by randomly sampling schools. Data were interview-obtained by trained personnel using a validated 17-item food frequency questionnaire, with specifics on type of milk and extra sugar additions. Analyses were stratified by average recommended hours of sleep. Predictive probability margins were obtained following necessary adjustments. Mean BMI was significantly lower, the level of SSB intake was higher, and the prevalence of adding sugars to milk four or more times per week was higher in children that slept >=10 h. Most children (64%) consumed full fat milk, 21% had low fat, and 19.7% chocolate milk, with a significantly larger proportion of overweight or obese children consuming full fat or chocolate milk, also adding extra sugars four or more times per week (4.1% compared to 9.6%, and 12.2% compared to 39.5%, respectively). The predictive probability of being overweight or obese exponentially increased for children consuming >0.5 SSB/day while also adding sugars to their milk frequently, although this effect remained significant only for children sleeping <10 h/day. In conclusion, to accurately address the effect of SSBs on children's body weight, frequency of any type of sugar addition in milk should be accounted for, as well as average sleep hours that may further moderate the effect.
Effect of Breast Milk Oral Care on Mechanically Ventilated Preterm Infants: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.; Background: The benefits of breast milk oral care in mechanically ventilated preterm infants remain controversial. This study aimed to systematically review the evidence on the benefits of breast milk oral care in mechanically ventilated preterm infants., Methods: The randomized controlled trials of breast milk oral care for mechanically ventilated preterm infants were searched in EMBASE, PubMed, Cochrane Library, Web of Science, WANFANG Date and China National Knowledge Infrastructure databases. The retrieval language was limited to Chinese and English, and the final search was conducted until March 2022. Outcome measures included ventilator-associated pneumonia (VAP), mechanical ventilation time (MVT), length of stay (LOS), necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC), late-onset sepsis, mortality during hospitalization, time of full intestinal feeding and time of full oral feeding. Two researchers independently screened the literature, extracted the data, and conducted the literature quality assessment. Meta-analysis was mainly performed using RevMan 5.3., Results: Eight articles involving 1,046 preterm infants were included. Our meta-analysis showed that compared with the control group, breast milk oral care could reduce the incidence of VAP [RR = 0.41, 95% CI (0.23, 0.75), P = 0.003] and NEC [RR = 0.54, 95% CI (0.30, 0.95), P = 0.03], and shorten the MVT [MD = -0.45, 95% CI (-0.73, -0.18), P = 0.001] and LOS [MD = -5.74, 95% CI (-10.39, -1.10), P = 0.02]. There were no significant differences in the mortality during hospitalization [RR = 0.94, 95% CI (0.67, 1.33), P = 0.74], the incidence of late-onset sepsis [RR = 0.79, 95% CI (0.40, 1.59), P = 0.51], the time of full intestinal feeding [MD = -2.42, 95% CI (-5.37, 0.52), P = 0.11] and the time of full oral feeding [MD = -3.40, 95% CI (-10.70, 3.91), P = 0.36] between the two groups., Conclusions: Oral care of breast milk can reduce the incidence of VAP and NEC, shorten MVT and LOS in mechanically ventilated preterm infants. However, due to the quality and quantity limitations of the included studies, larger sample size and more strictly designed clinical trials are still needed in the future to further confirm the findings of this study. Copyright © 2022 Cai, Lin, Peng, Chen and Lin.
Effects of Raw and Pasteurized Camel Milk on Metabolic Responses in Pigs Fed a High-Fat Diet.; Evidence suggests that camel milk (CM) can have insulin-like actions, although the mode of action is not understood. Using the pig as a monogastric model, this pilot experiment examined the effects of CM consumption on metabolic responses to an in vitro glucose tolerance test (IVGTT). Twenty female Large White x Landrace pigs were individually housed for 6 wks and randomly allocated to one of the following four diets (fed ad libitum; n = 5): control (Con); high fat (HF; ~16% fat); raw CM (the HF diet plus 500 mL CM/ day); or pasteurized CM (PCM). Blood samples were collected on two occasions (weeks 2 and 5). At week 6, the pigs were fitted with an ear vein cannula and the following day an in vitro glucose tolerance test (IVGTT) was conducted (0.3 g/kg BW glucose). Plasma fatty acids and cholesterol concentrations were greater in the pigs fed the HF diet and greatest in those fed CM, while there was no effect of diet on insulin concentrations. The pigs fed CM tended to have a reduced peak insulin (p = 0.058) and an increased glucose nadir (p = 0.009) in response to the IVGTT. These preliminary results tend to support the hypothesis that feeding CM can improve glycemic control in pigs.
Supplementation with galacto-oligosaccharides in early life persistently facilitates the microbial colonization of the rumen and promotes growth of preweaning Holstein dairy calves.; We aimed to determine the effects of dietary supplementation with galacto-oligosaccharides (GOS) on the growth performance, serum parameters, and the rumen microbial colonization and fermentation of pre-weaning dairy calves. The study comprised 2 phases of 28 and 42 d, respectively. During phase 1, 24 newborn female Holstein dairy calves were randomly allocated to consume a diet supplemented with 10 g/d GOS (GOS, n = 12) or not (CON, n = 12). Thereafter, during phase 2, the GOS group was further divided into 2 groups: one that continued to consume GOS (GOSC, n = 6) and one that no longer consumed GOS (GOSS, n = 6), alongside the CON group. Galacto-oligosaccharides increased the average daily gain (ADG), body weight, feed efficiency, and serum high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol concentration of dairy calves during phase 1 (P < 0.05). Supplementation with GOS for the entire study reduced the incidence of diarrhea and increased the serum total protein and Ca concentrations (P < 0.05) compared with the CON group. The effect of GOS supplementation persisted after it was stopped because the ADG and final body weight of the GOSS group were higher than those of the CON group (P < 0.05). Furthermore, the GOSS group showed a persistently lower incidence of diarrhea and greater colonization of the rumen with probiotics, at the expense of less beneficial bacteria, which would promote ruminal fermentation and microbial protein synthesis. These findings provide a theoretical basis for the rational application of prebiotics and have important practical implications for the design of early life dietary interventions in dairy calf rearing. Copyright © 2022 Chinese Association of Animal Science and Veterinary Medicine. Publishing services by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of KeAi Communications Co. Ltd.
Effect of High-Fat and Low-Fat Dairy Products on Cardiometabolic Risk Factors and Immune Function in a Low Birthweight Swine Model of Diet-Induced Insulin Resistance.; Although dairy intake has been shown to have a neutral or some beneficial effect on major cardiometabolic risk factors, the impact of dairy, and especially dairy fat, on immune function remains to be investigated. To understand the effect of consuming dairy fat on cardiometabolic risk factors and immune function, we used an established low birthweight (LBW) swine model of diet-induced insulin resistance to compare high-fat and low-fat dairy products to a control high-fat diet (CHF). LBW piglets were randomized to consume one of the 3 experimental HF diets: (1) CHF, (2) CHF diet supplemented with 3 servings/day of high-fat dairy (HFDairy) and (3) CHF diet supplemented with 3 servings/day of low-fat dairy (LFDairy). As comparison groups, normal birthweight (NBW) piglets were fed a CHF (NBW-CHF) or standard pig grower diet (NBW-Chow). A total of 35 pigs completed the study and were fed for a total of 7 weeks, including 1 week of CHF transition diet. At 12 weeks of age, piglets were euthanized. Fasting blood and tissue samples were collected. Ex vivo cytokine production by peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) stimulated with pokeweed (PWM), phytohemagglutinin (PHA) and phorbol myristate acetate-ionomycin (PMA-I) were assessed. As expected, LBW-CHF piglets showed early signs of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR, P model = 0.08). Feeding high-fat dairy products improved fasting plasma glucose concentrations more than low-fat dairy compared to LBW-CHF (P < 0.05). Irrespective of fat content, dairy consumption had neutral effect on fasting lipid profile. We have also observed lower production of IL-2 after PWM and PHA stimulation as well as lower production of TNF-alpha and IFN-gamma after PWM stimulation in LBW-CHF than in NBW-Chow (all, P < 0.05), suggesting impaired T cell and antigen presenting cell function. While feeding high-fat dairy had minimal effect on immune function, feeding low-fat dairy significantly improved the production of IL-2, TNF-alpha and IFN-gamma after PWM stimulation, IL-2 and IFN-gamma after PHA stimulation as well as TNF-alpha after PMA-I stimulation compared to LBW-CHF (all, P < 0.05). These data provide novel insights into the role of dairy consumption in counteracting some obesity-related cardiometabolic and immune perturbations. Copyright © 2022 She, Wang, Makarowski, Mangat, Tsai, Willing, Proctor and Richard.
A Newly Developed Indicator of Overeating Saturated Fat Based on Serum Fatty Acids and Amino Acids and Its Association With Incidence of Type 2 Diabetes: Evidence From Two Randomized Controlled Feeding Trials and a Prospective Study.; Objective: Hyper-caloric intake of saturated fatty acids (SFAs) is common in modern societies, probably contributing to the epidemic of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). This study conducted two randomized controlled trials (RCTs) for developing a new indicator that can assess the nutritional status and examined its association with incidence of T2DM., Methods: In RCT 1, healthy participants were randomly assigned into three groups, namely, control group (n = 40), overfeeding group 1 (100 g butter per day, n = 37), and overfeeding group 2 (120 g butter per day, n = 37). In RCT 2, healthy subjects were randomly assigned into two groups, namely, control group (n = 52) and high-fat group (300-extra kcal/day from diet that was designed by high-fat diet, n = 58). In the prospective cohort, 4,057 participants aged 20-74 years were enrolled and followed up over 5.3 years. Serum profiles of fatty acids and amino acids were measured., Results: In RCT 1, serum fatty acids, including C14:0 and C18:0, increased, whereas C18:2, C20:4, C22:5, and C22:6 decreased; serum amino acids, including tyrosine, alanine, and aminobutyric acid, increased, whereas histidine and glycine decreased (p < 0.05). Among these serum fatty acids and amino acids, changes in C14:0, C20:4, tyrosine, histidine, and glycine were also observed in RCT 2. An indicator was developed based on the five fatty acids and amino acids, namely, C14:0 x tyrosine x 1,000/[C20:4 x (glycine + histidine)], and it significantly identified participants in the intervention group with area under the curve (AUC) (95% CI) being 0.85 (0.77-0.92). The indicator was significantly associated with incidence of T2DM in the prospective cohort with HRs (95% CIs) from bottom quartile to top quartile being 1,1.21 (0.82-1.77), 1.60 (1.12-2.30), 2.04 (1.42-2.94)., Conclusion: The newly developed indicator in RCTs can be used in assessing the nutritional status of hypercaloric intake of SFA and predicting the development of T2DM. Copyright © 2022 Wei, Zi, Yang, Xu, Chen, Jiang, Chu, Yang and Jiang.
Dietary supplementation with branched-chain amino acids enhances milk production by lactating sows and the growth of suckling piglets.; BACKGROUND: Under current dietary regimens, milk production by lactating sows is insufficient to sustain the maximal growth of their piglets. As precursors of glutamate and glutamine as well as substrates and activators of protein synthesis, branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs) have great potential for enhancing milk production by sows., METHODS: Thirty multiparous sows were assigned randomly into one of three groups: control (a corn- and soybean meal-based diet), the basal diet + 1.535% BCAAs; and the basal diet + 3.07% BCAAs. The ratio (g/g) among the supplemental L-isoleucine, L-leucine and L-valine was 1.00:2.56:1.23. Diets were made isonitrogenous by the addition of appropriate amounts of L-alanine. Lactating sows had free access to drinking water and their respective diets. The number of live-born piglets was standardized to 9 per sow at d 0 of lactation (the day of parturition). On d 3, 15 and 29 of lactation, body weights and milk consumption of piglets were measured, and blood samples were obtained from sows and piglets 2 h and 1 h after feeding and nursing, respectively., RESULTS: Feed intake did not differ among the three groups of sows. Concentrations of asparagine, glutamate, glutamine, citrulline, arginine, proline, BCAAs, and many other amino acids were greater (P < 0.05) in the plasma of BCAA-supplemented sows and their piglets than those in the control group. Compared with the control, dietary supplementation with 1.535% and 3.07% BCAAs increased (P < 0.05) concentrations of free and protein-bound BCAAs, glutamate plus glutamine, aspartate plus asparagine, and many other amino acids in milk; milk production by 14% and 21%, respectively; daily weight gains of piglets by 19% and 28%, respectively, while reducing preweaning mortality rates by 50% and 70%, respectively., CONCLUSION: Dietary supplementation with up to 3.07% BCAAs enhanced milk production by lactating sows, and the growth and survival of their piglets. Copyright © 2022. The Author(s).
Effect of 8 Weeks milk thistle powder (silymarin extract) supplementation on fatty liver disease in patients candidates for bariatric surgery.; Introduction: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most common liver disease worldwide and is becoming the most frequent indication of liver transplantation. At present, since no Food and Drug Association (FDA) approved medication exists for NAFLD patients, bariatric surgery is indicated for the significant improvement in obesity-related comorbidities, such as NAFLD. However, alternative therapy is emerging to manage NAFLD. Problematically, many patients taking herbal remedies, such as Silymarin (milk thistle), with little/no understanding of its purported properties., Methods: Fifty-two morbidly-obese (47.84 +/- 6.48 kg m-2) patient candidates (mean age: 38.90 +/- 10.28 years; n = 41 women and 11 men) for bariatric surgery with NAFLD were randomly assigned to determine the efficacy of eight weeks of Silymarin supplementation (140 mg four times daily for a total of 560 mg) on the aspartate transaminase (AST)/alanine transaminase (ALT) (AST/ALT) ratio, Fibrosis-4 (Fib-4) score, NAFLD score, sonographic grading, and fibroscan stages of NAFLD., Results: Significant (p <= 0.05) improvements were found in AST/ALT ratio, BMI and sonographic grading. No significant change was found for fibroscan staging, Fib-4, and NAFLD scores., Conclusion: Silymarin improved ultrasound fatty liver grading and liver enzymes morbidly-obese patient candidates for bariatric surgery with NAFLD after only eight weeks, without any adverse effects. Copyright © 2022 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc.
The Stance4Health Project: Evaluating a Smart Personalised Nutrition Service for Gut Microbiota Modulation in Normal- and Overweight Adults and Children with Obesity, Gluten-Related Disorders or Allergy/Intolerance to Cow's Milk.; Unhealthy diets represent a major risk for the pathogenesis of metabolic and chronic inflammatory diseases. Improving the quality of diet is important to prevent chronic diseases, and diet-induced modifications of the gut microbiota (GM) community likely play an important role. The EU-funded Stance4Health project aims at performing a randomized clinical trial based on a nutritional intervention program in the context of normal weight and overweight adults as well as children with obesity and gluten-related disorders or allergy/intolerance to cow's milk. The trial will evaluate the efficacy of a Smart Personalised Nutrition (SPN) service in modifying GM composition and metabolic function and improving consumer empowerment through technology adoption.
Protective effects of cinnamon powder against hyperlipidemia and hepatotoxicity in butter fed female albino mice.; A butter-enriched high-fat diet changes lipid metabolism, resulting in fat storage, hyperlipidemia and obesity. Effects of cinnamon powder were investigated in butter-fed mice. 40 Swiss Albino mice, aged 28 to 30 days, were randomly assigned into two groups. Group A was an untreated control group (n = 8) and another group (n = 32) was a butter-treated group fed 10% butter. In the fifth week, mice of the butter-fed group were further divided into four equal groups: B, C, D, and E (n = 8), fed 10% butter with cinnamon 200 mg, 400 mg, and 600 mg powder per liter drinking water, respectively for 10 weeks. The butter-fed group was gained the most weight. Cinnamon supplementation significantly normalized weight gain and had no harmful effects on hematological parameters. Butter supplementation significantly increased total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides, and LDL cholesterol (LDL-c) whereas, cinnamon powder significantly reduced TC, LDL-c and glucose levels. In butter-fed mice, a significant increase was observed in the liver enzymes, alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST) levels with subsequent fat deposition in the liver. Excitingly, these enzymes were decreased and no fat depositions were observed in the liver of cinnamon-treated mice. Applying different concentrations of cinnamon powder improved the lipid profile in butter-fed female albino mice. Copyright © 2022 The Author(s).
Efficacy of Estradiol Cream for Venipuncture Pain in Obese Female Patients: A Pilot Study.; INTRODUCTION: Venipuncture is often a painful procedure causing significant anxiety, distress, and psychological consequences. We evaluated the efficacy of estradiol cream and compared it with a eutectic mixture of local anesthetics (EMLA) cream for alleviation of venipuncture pain and to make cannulation easy in female obese patients., MATERIALS AND METHODS: The clearance from the Institutional Ethical Committee as well as prior written and informed consent were obtained from the participants. A total of 105 obese female adult patients aged between 25 and 64 years belonging to the American Society of Anesthesiologists (ASA) physical status I and II with body mass index (BMI) > 30 kg/m2 were included in our study. The study participants were randomly allocated into three groups: In group I, a placebo cream was applied; in group II, estradiol cream was applied, and in group III, EMLA cream was applied. Any abnormal sensation at the site of application of the cream was noted and followed up at 0, 2, and 6 hours for the same. The primary outcome was the measurement of the severity of the pain experienced during venipuncture using the visual analog scale (VAS). Ease of cannulation was our secondary outcome. VAS was compared with the Z test. Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS) v16.0 software (SPSS Inc., Chicago) was used for statistical analysis. A p-value of <0.05 was considered statistically significant., RESULT: The final analysis was carried out on 25 patients in group I, 27 patients in group II, and 33 patients in group III. There was no significant improvement in the ease of cannulation in group II when compared to group I. The mean VAS was similar in group I and group II, whereas it was significantly reduced in group III (p < 0.05)., CONCLUSION: EMLA cream was found to significantly reduce the pain of venipuncture in comparison to placebo and estradiol cream. There is no beneficial effect of estradiol cream in reducing the pain from venipuncture or in ease of cannulation compared to placebo. Copyright © 2022, Jayanthi et al.
The Effect of Sustainable Feeding Systems, Combining Total Mixed Rations and Pasture, on Milk Fatty Acid Composition and Antioxidant Capacity in Jersey Dairy Cows.; This study was carried out to assess the effect of using pasture combined with total mixed ration (TMR) on milk production and composition, fatty acid (FA) profiles, fat-soluble antioxidant content, and total milk antioxidant capacity (TAC). In addition, the effect of milk pasteurization and storage at 2 degreeC for 4 days, lipophilic antioxidants and TAC were assessed. Two homogeneous groups of Jersey cows (n = 8) were constituted, which were randomly assigned to one of the two treatments: TMR (without access to pasture), or partial mixed diet (pTMR: grazing 8 h/day + TMR indoors). To establish FA profiles and lipophilic antioxidants' changes in milk during the grazing period, in case of the pTMR group the experimental period was spilt in three grazing periods: P1 (May), P2 (June), and P3 (June/July). Milk yielded from cows having limited access on pasture (pTMR diet) showed an improved FA profile, with higher concentrations of FAs considered benefic for human health (vaccenic acid (VA), conjugated linoleic acid (CLA), omega-3 FA (n-3 FA)) (p < 0.01) and a lower concentration of FAs with hypercholesterolemiant potential (C12:0, C14:0, and C16:0) (p < 0.05), compared to that of the TMR diet. This change in FA profile was correlated with improved sanogenous lipid indices of milk fat (n-6/n-3 FA atherogenic index and thrombogenic index). Milk yielded during the P1 grazing period had higher concentrations of VA, CLA, and n-3 FA (p < 0.05) and lower concentrations of C14:0 and C16:0 (p < 0.01); it exhibited the best values for the main sanogenous fat lipid indices of fat. Moreover, pTMR milk showed a higher alpha-tocopherol, retinol, and beta-carotene content (p < 0.05), positively correlated with TAC values in milk (P1 > P2 > P3). By comparison, cows fed using the TMR diet yielded a higher quantity of milk (p < 0.05), but a lower fat and protein content (p < 0.01), and also a higher saturated FAs and n-6 FA content (p < 0.05) together with a lower concentration of lipophilic antioxidants in milk. Thermal treatment showed no effect on alpha-tocopherol and retinol content in milk, but their concentrations decreased during the storage, at the same time a TAC decrease. The results of this study prove the positive effect of using pasture combined with TMR on FA profiles, milk antioxidant content, and antioxidant capacity, with beneficial effects on nutrition and health in humans.
Effects of Saccharomyces Cerevisiae Cultures on Performance and Immune Performance of Dairy Cows During Heat Stress.; The dairy farming industry is facing massive economic losses as heat stress continues to rise. The purpose of this study was to see how feeding Saccharomyces cerevisiae culture (SC) influences productive performance, lactation performance, serum biochemical indexes, hormonal level, antioxidant capacity, and immune function in mid-lactating cows during heat stress. Forty-five healthy mid-lactation dairy cows with comparable milk yield, lactation days, and parity were randomly divided into 3 groups (15 cows in each group). The control group (CON) was fed the basal diet, while the treatment groups were fed the basal diet + first Saccharomyces cerevisiae culture 100 g/d (SC-1) and the basal diet + second Saccharomyces cerevisiae culture 30 g/d (SC-2), respectively. The SC-1 and SC-2 groups with SC added in the treatment groups reduced rectal temperature and respiratory rate in heat-stressed cows (P < 0.05). The milk yield of SC-1 and SC-2 treatment groups was significantly higher than that of CON (P < 0.05). Except for somatic cell count, which was significantly lower in SC-1 and SC-2 than in CON (P < 0.05), there were no significant differences in the milk components. The addition of SC: (i) increased serum urea levels (P < 0.05), but there was no significant difference in glucose, total cholesterol, alanine transaminase, aspartate aminotransferase, total protein, albumin and alkaline phosphatase levels (P > 0.05); (ii) increased serum levels of immunoglobulin-A, immunoglobulin-G, immunoglobulin M, interleukin-4, interleukin-10 and heat shock protein-70 (P < 0.05), while decreasing serum levels of interleukin-1beta, interleukin-6, interleukin-2, interferon-gamma and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (P < 0.05); (iii) increased total antioxidant capacity, glutathione peroxidase and superoxide dismutase in serum (P < 0.05), while decreasing malondialdehyde; (iv) increased serum levels of glucocorticoids, insulin, cortisol and prolactin (P < 0.05), while decreasing the serum levels of triiodothyronine and thyroxine (P < 0.05). In conclusion, under the current experimental conditions, the addition of SC can reduce rectal temperature and respiratory rate in heat-stressed mid-lactation cows, reduce the number of somatic cells in milk and improve the mid-lactation cow performance. In addition, SC addition to the diet can raise serum urea levels, regulate serum hormone levels, boost antioxidant capacity in mid-lactation cows, and boost overall immunity. Copyright © 2022 Du, Feng, Chen, Jiang, Zhang, Liu, Zhai and Hu.
Association of Academic Performance With Obesity and Unhealthy Lifestyle Among Female University Students.; Aim This study aims to examine the relationship between obesity and academic performance and to investigate the relevance between an unhealthy lifestyle and academic performance, which may exist among obese and non-obese female students in the College of Science and College of Medicine of Imam Mohammad Ibn Saud Islamic University. Method The study is observational, descriptive, and cross-sectional in nature and covers a sample of 328 female students aged 19 to 23 years. They were randomly selected from the College of Science and College of Medicine. Sample collection was conducted from December 12, 2020 to June 15, 2021. Results The result indicates that obesity did not influence academic performance. The association between obesity and academic performance was non-significant (p = 0.335). In the College of Science, grades in physics and math were analyzed, which reflected a weak association with obesity (p = 0.893 and p = 0.872, respectively). Various factors exerted a positive impact on academic performance, such as eating yogurt at least 1-5 times per week (p < 0.05) and spending less than 4 hours on social media or watching TV (p < 0.05). Conclusion Academic performance is influenced by many factors. Eating yogurt more frequently and watching TV and less time for social media are the factors with the largest influence on academic performance. However, obesity does not influence academic performance. In summary, physical activity and a healthy diet exerted no direct effect on academic performance. Copyright © 2022, Aljehani et al.
Modulation of Fecal Metabolites by Heat Stress and Diet, and Their Association with Inflammation and Leaky Gut Markers in Dairy Cows.; The analysis of fecal metabolite profiles could provide novel insights into the mechanisms underlying animal responses to environmental stressors and diet. We aimed to evaluate the effects of a 14-day heat stress period and of dietary mineral and vitamin supplementation under heat stress on fecal metabolite profiles and to investigate their associations with physiological markers of heat stress, leaky gut, and inflammation in lactating dairy cows. Twelve multiparous Holstein cows (42.2 +/- 5.6 kg milk/d; 83.4 +/- 27.1 DIM) were enrolled in an experiment in a split-plot design. The main plot was the level of dietary vitamin E and Se, as follows: (1) low (L-ESe; 20 IU/kg vitamin E, 0.3 ppm Se) or (2) high (H-ESe 200 IU/kg vitamin E, 1.2 ppm Se). Within each plot, six cows were randomly assigned to either (1) heat stress (HS; Total Humidity Index (THI): 82), (2) pair-feeding in thermoneutrality (TNPF; THI = 64), or (3) HS with vitamin D3 and Ca supplementation (HS+DCa; 1820 IU/kg and 1.5% Ca; THI: 82) in a replicated 3 x 3 Latin square design with 14-day periods and 7-day washouts. The concentrations of 94 metabolites were determined in fecal samples, including amino acids, fatty acids, biogenic amines, and vitamins. Relative to the L-ESe group, the H-ESe group increased alpha-tocopherol by threefold, whereas delta-tocopherol was decreased by 78% (PFDR < 0.01). Nevertheless, correlation analysis between alpha-tocopherol and all the others fecal metabolites or physiological heat stress measures did not show significant associations. No interactions between main plot and treatments were observed. Relative to TNPF, HS increased plasma tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), plasma lipopolysaccharide-binding protein (LBP), milk somatic cell counts (SCC), respiratory rates, rectal temperatures, fecal tridecylic and myristic acids, vitamin B7, and retinol, whereas it decreased fecal amino acids such as histidine, methyl histidine, acetyl ornithine, and arginine (PFDR < 0.05). In contrast, HS+DCa increased fecal methyl histidine concentrations and reduced milk SCC, plasma TNF-alpha, and LBP, as well as rectal temperatures. Discriminant analysis revealed fecal histidine, taurine, acetyl ornithine, arginine, beta-alanine, ornithine, butyric + iso-butyric acid, plasma non-esterified fatty acids, TNF-alpha, LBP, C-reactive protein, and milk SCC were predictive of HS. Several metabolites were predictive of HS+DCa, although only tryptophan was discriminant relative to HS. In conclusion, both heat stress and the supplementation of vitamin D3 and Ca can influence the fecal metabolome of dairy cows experiencing heat stress, independently of dietary levels of vitamin E and Se. Our results suggest that some fecal metabolites are well associated with physiological measures of heat stress and may thus provide insights into the gut-level changes taking place under heat stress in dairy cows.
Elevated thyroid hormones caused by high concentrate diets participate in hepatic metabolic disorders in dairy cows.; OBJECTIVE: High concentrate diets are widely used to satisfy high-yielding dairy cows; however, long-term feeding of high concentrate diets can cause subacute ruminal acidosis (SARA). The endocrine disturbance is one of the important reasons for metabolic disorders caused by SARA. However, there is no current report about thyroid hormones involved in liver metabolic disorders induced by a high concentrate diet., METHODS: In this study, 12 mid-lactating dairy cows were randomly assigned to HC (high concentrate) group (60% concentrate of dry matter, n = 6) and LC (low concentrate) group (40% concentrate of dry matter, n = 6). All cows were slaughtered on the 21st day, and the samples of blood and liver were collected to analyze the blood biochemistry, histological changes, thyroid hormones, and the expression of genes and proteins., RESULTS: Compared with LC group, HC group showed decreased serum triglyceride, free fatty acid, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, increased hepatic glycogen, and glucose. For glucose metabolism, the gene and protein expression of glucose-6-phosphatase and phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase 1 in the liver were significantly up-regulated in HC group. For lipid metabolism, the expression of sterol regulatory element-binding protein 1, long-chain acyl-CoA synthetase 1, and fatty acid synthase in the liver was decreased in HC group, whereas carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1alpha and peroxisome proliferator activated receptor alpha were increased. Serum triiodothyronine, thyroxin, free triiodothyronine (FT3), and hepatic FT3 increased in HC group, accompanied by increased expression of thyroid hormone receptor (THR) in the liver., CONCLUSION: Taken together, thyroid hormones may increase hepatic gluconeogenesis, beta-oxidation and reduce fatty acid synthesis through the THR pathway to participate in the metabolic disorders caused by a high concentrate diet.
Effect of porcine plasma on growth and health of Holstein calves.; The objective of this trial was to compare the health and performance of calves provided high feeding rates of a whey-based all-milk-protein calf milk replacer (MR) with those fed an MR containing either 5% or 10% porcine plasma, which replaced, respectively, either 15% or 30% of the whey-based proteins in the MR formula. A total of 320 male Holstein calves weighing a mean (+/- SD) of 47.8 +/- 4.1 kg were sourced from local dairy farms, auction facilities, and local order buyers. Calves arrived at the research facility in 4 batches of 80 animals each and were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 groups: (1) MR composed of whey-based milk proteins (control group); (2) whey replacement of 5% spray-dried porcine plasma (replacing 15% of protein); or (3) whey replacement of 10% spray-dried porcine plasma (replacing 30% of protein). Calves were housed in individual pens for the first 56 d of the experiment and offered, twice daily, a 26% crude protein (CP), 20% fat MR standardized using synthetic amino acids to 2.4% lysine, 0.8% methionine, and 1.6% threonine. Amounts of MR offered from wk 1 to 8 were 0.65, 0.78, 0.91, 1.04, 1.04, 0.78, 0.52, and 0.325 kg/d, respectively. Calves were also offered a 20% CP texturized calf starter from d 0 to 56 and then transitioned over 7 d (d 56-62) of a 50% calf starter and 50% corn and pellet ration with 2% straw to a corn and pellet ration with 2% straw (18.1% CP) for the remainder of the experiment (d 63-77). Calves were individually weighed upon arrival, weekly through d 56, and at d 77. Grain was fed ad libitum, and remaining grain was weighed weekly to determine weekly consumption. Remaining grain was discarded and was replaced with fresh grain that was weighed and recorded. All milk was offered individually via bucket twice daily, and refusals were recorded following milk feeding by weighing back the remaining unconsumed milk solution. Calves were health scored twice daily, and any medical treatments or mortality were recorded. Time to mortality and medical treatments were analyzed using survival analysis, health scoring data were analyzed using a generalized linear model, and growth was evaluated using a mixed repeated-measures linear regression model. No differences in mortality or incidence of diarrhea were noted between groups. Although there was a high incidence of respiratory disease (65%), no differences were found between groups. Over the entire experimental period, calves gained 67.0 +/- 14.9 kg; however, no differences in growth among groups were noted, with the exception that, on d 77, BW was greater for calves in the control group (115.8 +/- 15.5 kg) compared with those fed a MR with 5% porcine plasma (113.4 +/- 17.8 kg). No differences were found between groups with respect to feed conversion. In this study, an MR composed of either 5% or 10% spray-dried porcine plasma performed comparably to a whey protein-based MR. Copyright © 2021.
Effects of Complementary Feeding With Different Protein-Rich Foods on Infant Growth and Gut Health: Study Protocol.; Background: An urgent need exists for evidence-based dietary guidance early in life, particularly regarding protein intake. However, a significant knowledge gap exists in the effects of protein-rich foods on growth and development during early complementary feeding. Methods: This is a randomized controlled trial of infant growth and gut health (primary outcomes). We directly compare the effects of dietary patterns with common protein-rich foods (meat, dairy, plant) on infant growth trajectories and gut microbiota development (monthly assessments) during early complementary feeding in both breast- and formula-fed infants. Five-month-old infants (up to n = 300) are randomized to a meat-, dairy-, plant-based complementary diet or a reference group (standard of care) from 5 to 12 months of age, with a 24-month follow-up assessment. Infants are matched for sex, mode of delivery and mode of feeding using stratified randomization. Growth assessments include length, weight, head circumference and body composition. Gut microbiota assessments include both 16S rRNA profiling and metagenomics sequencing. The primary analyses will evaluate the longitudinal effects of the different diets on both anthropometric measures and gut microbiota. The secondary analysis will evaluate the potential associations between gut microbiota and infant growth. Discussion: Findings are expected to have significant scientific and health implications for identifying beneficial gut microbial changes and dietary patterns and for informing dietary interventions to prevent the risk of overweight and later obesity, and promote optimal health. Clinical Trial Registration: www.ClinicalTrials.gov, identifier: NCT05012930. Copyright © 2022 Tang, Matz, Berman, Davis, Melanson, Frank, Hendricks and Krebs.
Drenching Bovine Colostrum, Quercetin or Fructo-Oligosaccharides Has No Effect on Health or Survival of Low Birth Weight Piglets.; The introduction of hyperprolific sows has resulted in more low birth weight (LBW) piglets, accompanied by higher mortality. A possible strategy to enhance the resilience and survival of LBW piglets is oral supplementation (drenching) of bioactive substances. This study evaluated the supplementation of bovine colostrum, short-chain fructo-oligosaccharides (scFOS) or quercetin that were dissolved separately in a milk replacer. The study was divided into two sub-experiments. First, the milk replacer was compared with a sham drenched group. Secondly, each dissolved compound was compared with the milk replacer. The LBW piglets, defined as weighing between (mean litter birth weight -1*SD) and (mean litter birth weight -2.5*SD), were randomly allocated to the different treatments and drenched once a day for seven days. On day 1, 3, 9, 24 and 38, piglets were weighed and scored for skin lesions. Blood samples were collected on day 9 and 38 and analyzed to determine glucose, non-esterified fatty acids, urea, immunoglobulin G, insulin-like growth factor 1, and a standard blood panel test. There was no difference between sham drenched piglets and piglets that were drenched with milk replacer regarding any of the parameters. No effect was observed between the milk replacer group and any of the bioactive compounds either, except a higher mortality within the scFOS group. In conclusion, this study showed that drenching the evaluated bioactive compounds, in the used dosages, did not improve LBW piglets' resilience or survival and more research is required to determine the effect of scFOS on small piglets.
Oral Administration of Coronavirus Spike Protein Provides Protection to Newborn Pigs When Challenged with PEDV.; To investigate whether oral administration of maize-produced S antigen can provide passive immunity to piglets against porcine epidemic diarrhea virus (PEDV), 16 pregnant sows were randomly assigned to one of four treatments: (1) injection of PEDV vaccine (INJ), (2) maize grain without S protein (CON), (3) maize grain containing low dose of S antigen (LOV) and (4) maize grain containing a high dose of S antigen (HOV). Vaccines were administered on days 57, 85 and 110 of gestation. Sows' serum and colostrum were collected at farrowing and milk on day 6 post-challenge to quantify neutralizing antibodies (NABs) and cytokines. Piglets were challenged with PEDV 3-5 d after farrowing, and severity of disease and mortality assessed on day 11 post-challenge. Disease severity was lower in LOV and INJ compared with HOV and CON, whereas the survival rate increased in piglets from LOV sows compared with HOV and CON (p <= 0.001). Higher titers of NABs and lower levels of cytokine granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor in sows' milk were positively correlated with piglet survivability (p <= 0.05). These data suggest that feeding S protein in corn to pregnant sows protects nursing piglets against PEDV.
Changes in the Spectrum of Free Fatty Acids in Blood Serum of Dairy Cows during a Prolonged Summer Heat Wave.; This experiment was conducted to study the effect of a prolonged hot period on the fatty acid (FA) composition in blood serum of dairy cows. Eighteen multiparous Holstein cows were randomly assigned to the hyperthermia group (HYP, n = 8) in August (summer season) and the control group (CON, n = 10) in October (autumn season). Blood from animals of the HYP group was collected in one heat wave, which was preceded by a long period of heat stress (HS, temperature-humidity index (THI >= 72)). Blood from cows of the CON group was collected under thermal comfort conditions (THI < 68). The spectrum of free fatty acids (FFA) in the blood serum was analyzed by gas chromatography. The concentration of FFA increased, including saturated FAs and monounsaturated FAs, in the blood serum of cows under conditions of prolonged HS. This was associated with the mobilization of FA into the bloodstream from adipose tissue, as a consequence of negative energy balance. An increase in the ratio of n-6/n-3 polyunsaturated FAs may indicate biomembrane dysfunction and adversely affect dairy cows. This study showed that prolonged periods of heat can affect the FA composition of blood. How much this leads to changes in the FA composition of milk and the quality of food products remains to be seen in further research.
Growth and Body Composition of Artificially-Reared Lambs Exposed to Three Different Rearing Regimens.; This study was designed to investigate the influence of pellet fibre level, milk replacer composition and age at weaning on growth and body composition of lambs reared artificially. Romney ram lambs were randomly allocated to one of three rearing treatments; HFP57: commercial milk replacer to 57 days of age, and high fibre concentrate pellets; HFP42: commercial milk replacer with early weaning at 42 days of age, and high fibre concentrate pellets; LFP42: high protein milk replacer from 2-16 days of age followed by commercial milk replacer with early weaning at 42 days of age, and low fibre concentrate pellets. Lambs were slaughtered at 57 days of age. Overall average daily liveweight gain of lambs did not differ (p > 0.05) between treatments. Dressing out percentage, carcass weight, empty small intestine and omental fat were higher (p < 0.05) in HFP57 than in both HFP42 and LFP42 lambs. HFP42 and LFP42 lambs had heavier (p < 0.05) empty rumen weights. Whole body protein content was higher (p < 0.05) in HFP42 lambs compared to both HFP57 and LFP42 lambs. Fat content and daily fat deposition were greater (p < 0.05) in HFP57 lambs than HFP42 and LFP42 lambs. Weaning lambs at 42 days of age with provision of either low or high fibre concentrate pellets, resulted in similar growth rates, reduced whole body fat deposition and was a more cost-effective rearing regimen.
Parenteral Antioxidant Supplementation at Birth Improves the Response to Intranasal Vaccination in Newborn Dairy Calves.; Newborn calves experience oxidative stress throughout the first month of their life, which is known to decrease lymphocyte functions relevant to vaccine responsiveness. Thus, this study aimed to determine the extent to which parenteral antioxidant supplementation given at birth improves the response to an intranasal viral vaccine in the first month of life of newborn dairy calves. For this, 21 calves were randomly assigned at birth to one of two commercially available antioxidant micronutrient supplements or a placebo group receiving 0.9% sterile saline (n = 7/group). Serum and nasal secretion samples were collected before administration of treatments and an intranasal vaccine against respiratory viruses (bovine herpesvirus type 1, bovine syncytial respiratory virus, and parainfluenza 3), and once weekly for the first four weeks of age. Systemic redox balance was determined in serum. Immunoglobulin A specific for bovine herpesvirus 1 and bovine syncytial respiratory virus was quantified in nasal secretions as a proxy to intranasal vaccine responsiveness. Our results showed that parenteral administration of antioxidants at birth improved calves' redox balance. Additionally, calves receiving antioxidant supplementation had higher concentrations of immunoglobulin A in their nasal secretions than calves in the control group. Thus, we conclude that supplementation of calves with antioxidants at birth could be a practical strategy to improve intranasal vaccine response. Future larger studies should evaluate the extent to which this increased mucosal response to intranasal vaccination could result in decreased calf morbidity and mortality.
Effect of Early Administration of Vitamin D on Clinical Outcome in Critically Ill Sepsis Patients: A Randomized Placebo-controlled Trial.; BACKGROUND: Administration of vitamin D to unselected heterogeneous critically ill patients did not demonstrate outcome benefit. The current study was undertaken to identify if early administration of vitamin D can reduce intensive care unit (ICU) length of stay and improve clinical outcomes in critically ill patients with sepsis., METHODS: This single-center randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial was done in the ICU and emergency inpatient ward of a tertiary care teaching institute in New Delhi, India. A total of 126 adult patients aged 18 to 80 years of either sex diagnosed to have sepsis were included within 24 hours of admission to the hospital and randomized into vitamin D or placebo groups. The patients in the intervention group received vitamin D3 540,000 units dissolved in 45 mL of milk. The placebo group received 45 mL of milk., RESULTS: The median length of ICU stay (8 vs 9 days; p = 0.32), median length of hospital stay (12 vs 12 days; p = 0.33), median duration of vasopressors requirement (4 vs 3 days; p = 0.84), median duration of mechanical ventilation (5 vs 7 days; p = 0.23), requirement of tracheostomy (34 vs 39%; p = 0.71), and 90-day mortality [35 vs 46%; p = 0.29; HR 0.72 (0.42-1.24)] were similar in vitamin D and placebo arm.A subgroup analysis in patients with severe vitamin D deficiency (vitamin D <12 ng/mL) revealed a significantly decreased incidence of tracheostomy (28 vs 57%; p = 0.04), a trend toward decreased 90-day mortality [34 vs 66%; p = 0.08; HR 0.44 (0.19-1.01)], and duration of mechanical ventilation (6 vs 11 days; p = 0.05) in patients receiving vitamin D., CONCLUSION: Administration of large-dose vitamin D within 24 hours of admission does not reduce the length of ICU stay in critically ill sepsis patients., HOW TO CITE THIS ARTICLE: Bhattacharyya A, Subramaniam R, Baidya DK, Aggarwal P, Wig N. Effect of Early Administration of Vitamin D on Clinical Outcome in Critically Ill Sepsis Patients: A Randomized Placebo-controlled Trial. Indian J Crit Care Med 2021;25(10):1147-1154. Copyright © 2021; Jaypee Brothers Medical Publishers (P) Ltd.
Comparison of the Effect of Milk and Pistachio Snacks on Anthropometric Indices in Overweight or Obese Women: A Randomized Crossover Trial.; BACKGROUND: Weight management is the key to prevent and treat the adverse consequences of overweight and obesity. The aim of this study was to compare the effect of consuming milk and pistachio snacks on anthropometric indices in overweight or obese women., METHODS: In this randomized crossover trial, 60 overweight or obese women with a mean age of 24 +/- 4.2 years were randomly divided into two groups. Women in the milk group received 200 mL/day low-fat milk while women in the other group received 30 g/day pistachio for 4 weeks. After a 6-day washout period, the participants received a similar intervention in a crossover manner., RESULTS: Out of the total 60 participants, 52 completed the study. At the end of the study, the weight of women in the milk group significantly decreased (70.8 +/- 8.4 vs. 69.9 +/- 8.3, P value = 0.001). No statistically significant changes were observed in the weight of participants in the pistachio group (70.3 +/- 8.4 vs. 70.6 +/- 8.3, P value = 0.06). Further analyses showed a slightly significant beneficial effect on waist circumference (WC) (P-value =0.068) and body mass index (BMI) in the milk group P value = 0.01)., CONCLUSIONS: Based on the observed positive effects of milk intake on weight loss in this crossover study, milk consumption may be considered an appropriate snack in weight loss programs in overweight or obese women. Copyright: © 2021 International Journal of Preventive Medicine.
Metoclopramide for Milk Production in Lactating Women: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; BACKGROUND: Breastfeeding is recognized as the optimal form of nutrition for the physical and neurological development of infants and is considered the most significant way to prevent child mortality. This study aimed to assess the effectiveness of metoclopramide for enhancing milk production in lactating women., METHODS: We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials and MEDLINE for randomized controlled trials comparing metoclopramide with a placebo, no treatment, or other galactagogue drugs. We included breastfeeding women with term or preterm infants., RESULTS: We retrieved 164 records from our search of the electronic databases and 20 records from other sources. Eight trials involving 342 lactating women that used metoclopramide were included in this review after assessing the eligibility criteria. The meta-analysis of these trials revealed that metoclopramide did not increase the milk volume of the intervention groups compared to that of the control groups. There was a significant increase in the serum concentrations of prolactin when the mothers were administered metoclopramide. No significant adverse events were reported., CONCLUSION: Metoclopramide did not improve milk production in lactating women. Therefore, we do not recommend using metoclopramide to increase milk production in lactating women.
Whole transcriptome analysis of RNA expression profiles reveals the potential regulating action of long noncoding RNA in lactating cows fed a high concentrate diet.; Subacute ruminal acidosis (SARA) is a common metabolic disease in the dairy farming industry which is usually caused by an excessive amount of high concentrate diet. SARA not only threatens animal welfare but also leads to economic losses in the farming industry. The liver plays an important role in the distribution of nutritional substances and metabolism; however, a high concentrate diet can cause hepatic metabolic disorders and liver injury. Recently, noncoding RNA has been considered as a critical regulator of hepatic disease, however, its role in the bovine liver is limited. In this study, 12 mid-lactating dairy cows were randomly assigned to a control (CON) group (40% concentrate of dry matter, n = 6) and a SARA group (60% concentrate of dry matter, n = 6). After 21 d of treatment, all cows were sacrificed, and liver tissue samples were collected. Three dairy cows were randomly selected from the CON and SARA groups respectively to perform whole transcriptome analysis. More than 20,000 messenger RNA (mRNA), 10,000 long noncoding RNA (lncRNA), 3,500 circular RNA (circRNA) and 1,000 micro RNA (miRNA) were identified. Furthermore, 43 mRNA, 121 lncRNA and 3 miRNA were differentially expressed, whereas no obvious differentially expressed circRNA were detected between the 2 groups. Gene Ontology (GO) annotation revealed that the differentially expressed genes were mainly enriched in oxidoreductase activity, stress, metabolism, the immune response, cell apoptosis, and cell proliferation. Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) enrichment analysis showed that the deferentially expressed genes were highly enriched in the phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase (PI3K)-serine/threonine kinase (AKT) signaling pathway (P < 0.05). According to KEGG pathway analysis, the differentially expressed lncRNA (DElncRNA) target genes were mainly related to proteasomes, peroxisomes, and the hypoxia-inducible factor-1 signaling pathway (P < 0.005). Further bioinformatics and integrative analyses revealed that the lncRNA were strongly correlated with mRNA; therefore, it is reasonable to speculate that lncRNA potentially play important roles in the liver dysfunction induced by SARA. Our study provides a valuable resource for future investigations on the mechanisms of SARA to facilitate an understanding of the importance of lncRNA, and offer functional RNA information. Copyright © 2021 Chinese Association of Animal Science and Veterinary Medicine. Publishing services by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of KeAi Communications Co. Ltd.
Optimizing the growth and immune system of dairy calves by subdividing the pre-weaning period and providing different milk volumes for each stage.; In systematically considering the advantages and disadvantages of complementarity in high or low milk feeding, novel milk feeding schemes involving altering the volume of supplied milk in different stages of the pre-weaning period but maintaining the total milk feeding volume were tested. Twenty-seven newborn male Holstein calves were selected and randomly assigned to 3 treatments. Calves in the control (CON) group were fed 7 L of milk daily from 4 to 66 d of age. Calves in the low-high (LH) group were fed 6 L of milk daily at the beginning, and then the daily feeding volume was later increased to 7 to 8 L of milk, which served as the early-period low-volume feeding group. The calves in the high-low (HL) group were fed 7 to 8 L daily at the beginning, and then the daily feeding volume was decreased to 6 L of milk, which served as the early-period high-volume feeding group. Then all calves were fed 3 L of milk daily from 67 to 70 d of age, weaned at 70 d of age, and then fed starter feed to 100 d of age. All calves had access to the starter feed from 15 to 100 d of age. The diarrheal condition of calves was recorded daily and the growth performance including the starter feed intake and body weight of calves was recorded at 70 and 100 d of age. Then, five 100-d-old calves from each treatment were sampled for measurement of plasma indices, ruminal morphology, and volatile fatty acids. When compared with the CON and LH groups, calves in the HL group exhibited a significantly increased body weight and lower diarrhoeal rate. When compared with the CON group, calves in the HL group exhibited a significantly increased average daily feed intake, ruminal epithelium papillae length, total volatile fatty acids, and percentages of propionate and butyrate. Moreover, the significantly increased plasma immunoglobulin G (IgG) content and a trend of decreased tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) content (P = 0.083) were also identified in the HL group when compared with the CON group. Overall, the early-period high-volume feeding for calves produced greater body weight gain and a lower incidence of diarrhea. Copyright © 2021 Chinese Association of Animal Science and Veterinary Medicine. Publishing services by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of KeAi Communications Co. Ltd.
Dietary supplementation with inulin improves lactation performance and serum lipids by regulating the rumen microbiome and metabolome in dairy cows.; This study investigated the effects of inulin on rumen fermentation parameters, ruminal microbiome and metabolites, as well as lactation performance and serum indexes in dairy cows. Sixteen Holstein dairy cows with similar body conditions were randomly divided into 2 groups (n = 8 per group), with inulin addition at 0 and 200 g/d per cow. The experiment lasted for 6 weeks, including a 1-week adaptation period and a 5-week treatment period. At the end of the experimental period, the milk, serum and rumen fluid were sampled and analyzed. The microbiome and metabolome in the rumen fluid were analyzed via 16S rRNA sequencing and untargeted metabolomics, respectively. The results showed that supplementation with inulin (200 g/d per cow) increased the milk yield (P = 0.001), milk protein (P = 0.032), lactose rate (P = 0.004) and proportion of saturated fatty acids (SFA) in milk (P < 0.001), but decreased the proportion of unsaturated fatty acids (USFA) (P = 0.041). Rumen pH (P = 0.040) and the concentration of NH3-N (P = 0.024) were decreased; however, acetate (P < 0.001), propionate (P = 0.003), butyrate (P < 0.001) and lactic acid (LA) (P = 0.043) were increased. The total cholesterol (TC) (P = 0.008) and triglycerides (TG) (P = 0.01) in serum were also reduced. Additionally, inulin addition elevated the relative abundance of several beneficial symbiotic and short-chain fatty acid (SCFA)-producing bacteria, such as Muribaculaceae (false discovery rate [FDR]-adjusted P < 0.01), Acetitomaculum (FDR-adjusted P = 0.043), and Butyrivibrio (FDR-adjusted P = 0.036), while elevating the levels of L-lysine (FDR-adjusted P = 4.24 x 10-3), L-proline (FDR-adjusted P = 0.0158), and L-phenylalanine (FDR-adjusted P = 0.027). In contrast, several pathogens and ruminal bacteria abundant in high-fat diets, such as Escherichia-Shigella (FDR-adjusted P = 0.022), Erysipelotrichaceae __UCG-004 (FDR-adjusted P < 0.01) and RF39 (FDR-adjusted P = 0.042) were decreased along with the reduction of lysophosphatidylcholine (LysoPC) (18:1 (9Z)) (FDR-adjusted P = 1.03 x 10-3), LysoPC (16:0) (FDR-adjusted P = 0.0108), LysoPC (18:2 (9Z, 12Z)) (FDR-adjusted P = 1.65 x 10-3) and 8-methylnonenoate. In conclusion, dietary inulin supplementation could increase the relative abundance of commensal microbiota and SCFA-producing bacteria, upregulate amino acidmetabolism and downregulate lipid metabolism in the rumen of dairy cows, which might further improve lactation performance and the level of serum lipids. Copyright © 2021 Chinese Association of Animal Science and Veterinary Medicine. Publishing services by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of KeAi Communications Co. Ltd.
Dietary Lactobacillus casei K17 Improves Lipid Metabolism, Antioxidant Response, and Fillet Quality of Micropterus salmoides.; We previously demonstrated that Lactobacillus casei K17, isolated from Korean kimchi, has high antioxidant levels in vitro and in vivo. However, its effect on Micropterus salmoides is unknown. In this study, we investigated the impact of L. casei K17 supplementation on the lipid metabolism, antioxidant response, liver histology, and fillet quality of M. salmoides. We randomly assigned 450 M. salmoides (33.0 +/- 0.5 g) to six diet groups for 69 days. The diets were as follows: 0.85% normal saline; 10% skim milk powder; 1 x 108 CFU/g live L. casei K17 (LB); 1 x 108 live L. casei K17 protected by skim milk powder (MB); 1 x 108 dead L. casei K17 (DB); and L. casei K17 fermentation supernatant. MB significantly improved the crude protein, total collagen, alkaline-insoluble collagen, fiber numbers, hardness, chewiness, and gumminess of M. salmoides fillets (p < 0.05). LB significantly improved crude protein and fiber numbers (p < 0.05). Furthermore, dietary supplementation with LB, MB, and DB maintained normal liver histology, preserved liver function, and increased hepatic and hemal antioxidant status by enhancing antioxidant enzyme activities. Meanwhile, the three diets also promoted lipid metabolism by increasing HDL-C effectiveness and reducing total cholesterol, triglyceride, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in serum and liver tissues, indicating that dietary supplementation with DB, LB, and MB had hypolipidemic effects on M. salmoides. MB and LB significantly improved fillet quality and LB, MB, and DB improved hemal and hepatic lipid metabolism and antioxidant response and reduced reactive oxygen species production, protecting M. salmoides hepatic cells from injury.
Nutritional and lifestyle changes required for minimizing the recovery period in home quarantined COVID-19 patients of Punjab, Pakistan.; The COVID-19 pandemic has introduced a new battle in human history for a safe and fearless life. Therefore, this cross-sectional survey was conducted (Punjab, Pakistan) on healthy recovered, home quarantined COVID-19 patients to draw conclusive health support guidelines in the fight against this pandemic. COVID-19 recovered patients (n = 80) of age >=14 years were randomly selected during the period November 2020 to February 2021. A nutrition and lifestyle changes questionnaire, containing ten sections and seventy questions, was completed through the telephone/WhatsApp. Data were transferred into an Excel spreadsheet and statistically analyzed by applying chi-square, correlation, and a t test of independent values using SPSS-16 software. The patients had an age range of 14 to 80 years, of which 52 (65%) were male and 28 (35%) were female, and 32 (40%) had a normal BMI. The patients had a peak COVID-19 recovery period of 2 weeks, and a mean recovery period of 2.8 +/- 1.4 weeks. Certain variables, including gender (males), age (>40 years), sleep (<=5 hr), less/no physical activity, obesity, diabetes mellitus, and autoimmune diseases, were significantly associated with delayed recovery. Poor nutritional outcomes, including lower intakes of water, legumes, nuts, meat, and milk/yogurt; and higher consumption of fast/fried/junk/spicy foods and cold water/drinks, were also significantly associated with a longer recovery period. The results were similar for not taking daily doses of multivitamins, and vitamins C, D, E, and zinc. This study identified that staying physically active, maintaining sensible body weight, having a sleep of 7 hr, consuming more foods of plant origin especially plant-based proteins from nuts and legumes, taking supplemental doses of multivitamins, vitamin D, E, and zinc, along with drinking >=2 L of water daily can provide a significant role in early and safe recovery from COVID-19. Copyright © 2021 The Authors. Food Science & Nutrition published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Effects of Dietary Monoglyceride and Diglyceride Supplementation on the Performance, Milk Composition, and Immune Status of Sows During Late Gestation and Lactation.; Monoglyceride and diglyceride (MGDG) have antiviral and antibacterial properties and act as emulsifiers to increase dietary lipid digestibility. The primary aim of this trial was to investigate the effects of dietary MGDG supplementation on the reproductive performance and health status of sows during late gestation and lactation. One hundred sows (Landrace x Large White, mean parity of 4.59) were randomly allocated to groups receiving two different diets with 4% soybean lipids or 4% MGDG from day 85 of gestation to day 21 of lactation. Milk samples were collected on the day of farrowing (colostrum) and on day 14 of lactation, and blood samples were collected from the sows on days 0, 14, and 21 of lactation. Compared with control sows, sows fed MGDG showed no significant differences in reproductive performance (P > 0.05), but sow back fat thickness loss decreased during lactation (P < 0.05). There was a significant decrease in TNF-alpha concentrations in colostrum in the MGDG-supplemented sows compared with that in the soybean lipid-supplemented sows (P < 0.05). Dietary MGDG supplementation decreased sow plasma IL-8 concentrations on day 0 of lactation and IL-18 concentrations on days 14 and 21 of lactation (P < 0.05). Administration of MGDG increased the glucose and total cholesterol concentrations in sow plasma on day 14 and day 21, respectively (P < 0.05). The findings in this study suggest that MGDG supplementation could be effective in reducing back fat loss, decreasing inflammatory factor levels, and controlling total cholesterol (TCHO) concentrations during lactation. Copyright © 2021 Song, Chai, Yang, Ren, Chen, Guan and Zhang.
Anti-Inflammatory and Antibacterial Potential of Qicao Rukang Powder in Bovine Subclinical Mastitis.; BACKGROUND: Subclinical mastitis is one of the most common reproductive diseases in dairy cows. Qicao Rukang powder is a Chinese herbal compound mixture developed to treat subclinical mastitis in dairy cows by clearing heat, tonifying qi, and improving blood and milk circulation. The study aimed to determine the anti-inflammatory and antimicrobial efficacy of Qicao Rukang powder in treating subclinical mastitis in dairy cows at the manufacturer's recommended dose., METHODS: Forty (40) Holstein dairy cows with milk somatic cell count (SCC) >= 500,000 cellml-1 were randomly assigned to treatment (n = 20) and control (n = 20) groups. Cows in the treatment group were administered with 150 grams of Qicao Rukang powder orally for five days, while the control group received no treatment. The authors analyzed the milk SCC, milk composition, bacteriological cure rate of the drug, blood serum levels of interleukins (IL-6, IL-1beta, and IL-8), tumor necrosis factor (TNF-alpha), and interferon gamma (INF-gamma) quantified by using ELISA kits on day 0 and day 6., RESULTS: SCC of the treated group reduced very significantly (P < 0.001) compared with the control group. Milk fat, protein, and total solids increased significantly (P < 0.05) after treatment, whereas lactose and milk urea nitrogen levels showed a nonsubstantial rise. The bacteriological cure percentage of Qicao Rukang powder therapy was 77.8% for Aeromonas spp. (14 of 18), 75% for Pseudomonas spp. (6 of 8), and 100% for Acinetobacter spp. and Enterococcus spp. giving 81.8% cured for all isolates (27 of 33). Only 26.7% (8 of 30) of untreated cows recovered spontaneously. Analysis of IL-1beta, IL-6, and INF-gamma in the blood serum of the treated group revealed a significant decrease (P < 0.01) with nonsignificant rises in TNF-alpha and IL-8 levels., CONCLUSIONS: This research demonstrates that Qicao Rukang powder has potent antibacterial and anti-inflammatory actions, supporting its use as an alternative to conventional treatment for subclinical dairy cow mastitis. However, further investigations will be required to explain the role of the active ingredients and the mechanisms involved in the pharmacological activities of the Qicao Rukang powder. Copyright © 2021 Bereket H. Imam et al.
Regulation of Nutritional Metabolism in Transition Dairy Goats: Energy Balance, Liver Activity, and Insulin Resistance in Response to Berberine Supplementation.; The objectives of this study were to evaluate the alleviating effects of the isoquinoline alkaloid berberine (BBR) on the energy balance (EB), glucose and insulin metabolism, and liver functionality in transition dairy goats, as reflected by blood metabolites and enzymes. Twenty-four primiparous Saanen goats were randomly allocated to four groups. Goats in each group received, ad libitum, the same basal diet during the pre- and post-partum periods of evaluation. Goats received daily0, 1, 2, or 4 g BBR (coded as CON, BBR1, BBR2, and BBR4, respectively). Dry matter intake (DMI) and milk yield were recorded daily. Blood samples were collected on days -21, -14, -7, 0, 7, 14, and 21 relative to kidding, and individual body condition scores (BCSs) were also recorded. Supplementation with either BBR2 or BBR4 increased (p < 0.05) pre- and post-partum DMI, increasing (p < 0.05) the intakes of net energy for lactating and metabolizable proteins. BBR2 and BBR4 increased (p < 0.05) post-partum milk production as well as fat-corrected milk (FCM), energy-corrected milk (ECM), and feed efficiency, indicating the alleviating effect of BBR on the negative energy balance (NEB) in transition goats. The daily ingestion of either 2 or 4 g BBR reduced (p < 0.05) plasma aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), and alkaline phosphatase (ALP) and increased (p < 0.05) the dynamic change in the liver activity index (LAI) and liver functionality index (LFI), implying its hepatoprotective effect on transition goats. Overall, the results suggest that BBR supplementation of at least 2 g/d may help to ameliorate insulin resistance (IR) and fat metabolism disorders initiated by the NEB in transition dairy goats.
Hypoglycemic effect of camel milk powder in type 2 diabetic patients: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.; Fresh camel milk was widely accepted to help to prevent and control of diabetes, especially in Africa, Middle East, and cooler dry areas of Asia. In this study, type 2 diabetic patients were enrolled to supplement with 10 g of camel milk powder twice a day for 4 weeks (n = 14), cow milk powder served as the placebo (n = 13). It was found that camel milk supplement decreased fasting blood glucose, 2-hr postprandial blood glucose, serum content of total cholesterol, resistin, and lipocalin-2. There was also a significant increase in serum content of osteocrin, amylin, and GLP-1in camel milk group, indicating an improvement on adipose tissue and skeletal muscle. Camel milk powder supplement significantly enriched the relative abundance of Clostridium_sensu_stricto_1 and [Eubacterium]_eligens_group compared with cow milk after the 4-week intervention. This study suggested that camel milk powder can be used as a functional food help to treat type 2 diabetes. Copyright © 2021 The Authors. Food Science & Nutrition published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Placebo Effects on Stress, but Not on Pain Reports. A Multi-Experiment Study.; BACKGROUND: Contextual factors, such as participant/experimenter sex may moderate the placebo effects. We tested whether the participant and experimenter sex modulated placebo effects on experimentally induced pain and associated stress., OBJECTIVE: To investigate if (i) participant sex and (ii) experimenter sex influence placebo analgesia and subjective and physiological stress in two experiments employing a within-subjects and a mixed design, respectively. Placebo effects were investigated in pain reports, stress, and blood pressure., METHODS: Participants received painful stimulations and a placebo cream. In Experiment One (N = 59) participants underwent a placebo condition (PC) and a natural history condition (NHC) in random order. A placebo cream was applied in the PC and then the heat stimulation temperature was surreptitiously lowered. Identical stimulations were administered in the NHC, but with no cream, no information, and no lowered temperature. In Experiment Two, participants (N = 93) were randomly assigned to three groups receiving either a placebo cream with surreptitiously lowered intensity of electric stimuli (Placebo, PG), a placebo cream (Cream-Control, CCG) without changing the stimuli, or lowered intensity, but with no cream (Pain-Control, PCG) in a mixed design. All participants in both experiments received the same stimuli in the post-test as in the pre-test. Four experimenters (two females) in Experiment One, and five experimenters (two females) in Experiment Two conducted the studies., RESULTS: No placebo effect was seen on pain. However, there were placebo effects on stress, moderated by participant and experimenter sex: in Experiment One males in the PC had lower diastolic blood pressure (DBP) compared to males in the NHC. Participants in the PC had lower DBP compared to the NHC when tested by a female. In Experiment Two, participants expected more cream effectiveness when a female experimenter administered it, and reported lower stress in the PG compared to the PCG when tested by females., CONCLUSION: Our findings highlight a distinction between placebo effects on pain and on associated stress. Secondly, female experimenters recorded lower physiological and subjective stress, higher effectiveness expectations, and lower pain from both sexes compared to male experimenters. Possible reasons for the failure to find a pain placebo effect are discussed. Copyright © 2021 Vambheim, Daniali and Flaten.
Metabolic Hormone Profiles in Breast Milk From Mothers of Moderate-Late Preterm Infants Are Associated With Growth From Birth to 4 Months in a Sex-Specific Manner.; Background: Differing environmental conditions experienced by mother-infant dyads may influence composition of the milk received by the infant. As a consequence, diverse milk compositional profiles may contribute to different postnatal outcomes, especially in infants facing adverse perinatal environments. We investigated whether variability in milk concentrations of key metabolic hormones is associated with different growth outcomes in infants born preterm, a perinatal complication known to impact on infant growth. Methods: Human milk samples were collected from 169 mothers of 191 infants enrolled in the DIAMOND trial, a randomized trial of nutrition for moderate-late preterm infants, at 5 and 10 days postpartum and again at 4 months' corrected age and analyzed for leptin, adiponectin and insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-1. Infant weight and body composition were measured at birth, discharge and 4 months' corrected age. Multiple linear regression models were used to examine correlations between milk hormone concentrations, weight z-scores and body composition at discharge and 4 months' corrected age, and weight gain from birth to 4 months' corrected age. Sex-specific interactions were examined. Results: Higher milk IGF-1 concentrations on day 5 after birth were associated with greater infant fat-free mass at 4 months' corrected age. Milk IGF-1 concentrations at 4 months were positively associated with fat mass and fat-free mass at 4 months in boys but not girls. Milk leptin concentrations on day 5 after birth were positively associated with fat mass at discharge from hospital, but negatively associated with fat mass at 4 months' corrected age. No significant association was found for milk adiponectin concentrations. Conclusion:  Milk IGF-1 and leptin concentrations in mothers of moderate-late preterm babies are associated with different growth and body composition through to 4 months' corrected age and these associations are often different in boys and girls. The sex-specific effects of nutrient and hormone exposure during early life in preterm infants warrants further investigation to optimize the nutritional care these infants receive, particularly in hospital, where the same nutrition is provided to boys and girls. Copyright © 2021 Galante, Reynolds, Milan, Alexander, Bloomfield, Jiang, Asadi, Muelbert, Cameron-Smith, Pundir, Vickers and the DIAMOND study team.
Neutral Effect of Increased Dairy Product Intake, as Part of a Lifestyle Modification Program, on Cardiometabolic Health in Adolescent Girls With Overweight/Obesity: A Secondary Analysis From a Randomized Controlled Trial.; Background: The presence of obesity and some cardiometabolic disease risk factors in childhood and adolescence track into adulthood. Intake of dairy products has been shown to be inversely related to adiposity and cardiometabolic variables in youth. However, limited research has examined cardiometabolic disease risk factors following increased dairy product consumption as part of a lifestyle modification intervention in youth with overweight/obesity. This secondary analysis aimed to determine whether 12 weeks of increased dairy consumption, as part of a lifestyle modification program, affects cardiometabolic variables in adolescent females (range: 10-18 years) with overweight/obesity (BMI > 85th centile). Methods: Participants were randomized into two groups: higher dairy intake (RDa; four servings/day [to reflect previous Canada's Food Guide recommendations]; n = 23) or low dairy intake (LDa; 0-2 servings/day; n = 23). Both RDa and LDa participated in a 12-week, eucaloric, lifestyle modification intervention consisting of exercise training, and nutritional counseling. Adiposity (percent body fat [%BF]), dietary intake, and measures of cardiometabolic health were measured pre- and post-intervention. Results: There were no significant changes over time within groups or differences over time between groups for triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL), TC/HDL ratio, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL), glucose, insulin, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance, adiponectin, and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) (main effects of time and interactions, p > 0.05). Leptin decreased over the 12-week lifestyle intervention in both groups (main effect of time, p = 0.02). After combining the groups (n = 46), significant correlations were found between change in %BF and change in some cardiometabolic variables (HDL [r = -0.40], TC/HDL ratio [r = 0.42], LDL [r = 0.36], and TNF-alpha [r = 0.35], p < 0.05). After controlling for change in dairy product intake, the correlations were unchanged. Conclusion:  Our findings demonstrate that increased dairy product consumption, as part of a lifestyle modification, weight management intervention, had a neutral effect on cardiometabolic disease risk factors in adolescent females with overweight/obesity. Change in dairy product intake did not influence the relationships between change in adiposity and change in cardiometabolic variables. Future research designed to primarily assess the effect of increased dairy product consumption on cardiometabolic disease risk factors in this population is warranted. Clinical Trial Registration: Clinicaltrials.gov; NCT#02581813. Copyright © 2021 Skelly, Barbour-Tuck, Kurgan, Calleja, Klentrou, Falk and Josse.
Management of Acute Radiodermatitis in Non-Melanoma Skin Cancer Patients Using Electrospun Nanofibrous Patches Loaded with Pinus halepensis Bark Extract.; Acute radiodermatitis is the most common side effect in non-melanoma skin cancer patients undergoing radiotherapy. Nonetheless, despite the ongoing progress of clinical trials, no effective regimen has been found yet. In this study, a non-woven patch, comprised of electrospun polymeric micro/nanofibers loaded with an aqueous extract of Pinus halepensis bark (PHBE), was fabricated and clinically tested for its efficacy to prevent radiodermatitis. The bioactivity of the PHBE patch was evaluated in comparison with a medical cream indicated for acute radiodermatitis. Twelve volunteer patients were selected and randomly assigned to two groups, applying either the PHBE patch or the reference cream daily. Evaluation of radiation-induced skin reactions was performed during the radiotherapy period and 1 month afterwards according to the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) grading scale, photo-documentation, patient-reported outcomes (Visual Analog Scale, questionnaire), biophysical measurements (hydration, transepidermal water loss, erythema, melanin), and image analysis. In contrast with the reference product, the PHBE patch showed significant anti-inflammatory activity and restored most skin parameters to normal levels 1 month after completion of radiation therapy. No adverse event was reported, indicating that the application of the PHBE patch can be considered as a safe medical device for prophylactic radiodermatitis treatment.
Effects of 25-Hydroxyvitamin D3 and Oral Calcium Bolus on Lactation Performance, Ca Homeostasis, and Health of Multiparous Dairy Cows.; Little information is available regarding the effect of supplementing 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 during the transition period combined with a postpartum oral calcium bolus on Ca homeostasis. The objectives of the current study were to evaluate the effects of 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 combined with postpartum oral calcium bolus on lactation performance, serum minerals and vitamin D3 metabolites, blood biochemistry, and antioxidant and immune function in multiparous dairy cows. To evaluate the effects of 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 combined with oral calcium, 48 multiparous Holstein cows were randomly assigned to one of four treatments: (1) supplementing 240 mg/day vitamin D3 without a postpartum oral Ca bolus (control), (2) supplementing 240 mg/day vitamin D3 with an oral Ca bolus containing 90 g of Ca immediately post-calving (Ca + VitD), (3) supplementing 6 g/day 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 without an oral Ca bolus (25D), and (4) supplementing 6 g/day 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 with an oral Ca bolus containing 90 g of Ca immediately post-calving (Ca + 25D). Lactation performance during the first 21 days was measured. Blood was collected at the initiation of calving and then 1, 2, 7, 14, and 21 days relative to the calving date. The yield of milk (0.05 < p < 0.10), energy-corrected milk (p < 0.05), 3.5% fat-corrected milk (p < 0.05), and milk protein (p < 0.05) were significantly higher in 25-hydroxyvitamin D3-treated groups within 3 weeks of lactation than in vitamin D3-treated cows. The iCa (p < 0.05) and tCa (p < 0.05) were higher in both Ca and 25D + Ca cows than in the control and 25D groups within 48 h. The concentrations of serum tCa (p < 0.05), tP (p < 0.05), and 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 (p < 0.05) in 25D and 25D + Ca cows were higher than those in control and Ca cows within 21 days postpartum. Feeding 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 also showed a lower concentration of malondialdehyde (p < 0.05), interleukin 6 (p < 0.05), and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) (p < 0.05), as well as a higher concentration of alkaline phosphatase (p < 0.05), total antioxidant capacity (p < 0.05), and immunoglobulin G (p < 0.05) than vitamin D3. Supplementing Ca bolus also showed lower concentrations of alanine transaminase (p < 0.05) and TNF-alpha (p < 0.05). In conclusion, supplementing 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 during the transition period combined with a postpartum oral calcium bolus improved lactation performance, Ca homeostasis, and antioxidant and immune function of medium-production dairy cows within 21 days postpartum.
Current Knowledge on Functionality and Potential Therapeutic Uses of Donkey Milk.; The increase of knowledge on the composition of donkey milk has revealed marked similarities to human milk, which led to a growing number of investigations focused on testing the potential effects of donkey milk in vitro and in vivo. This paper examines the scientific evidence regarding the beneficial effects of donkey milk on human health. Most clinical studies report a tolerability of donkey milk in 82.6-98.5% of infants with cow milk protein allergies. The average protein content of donkey milk is about 18 g/L. Caseins, which are main allergenic components of milk, are less represented compared to cow milk (56% of the total protein in donkey vs. 80% in cow milk). Donkey milk is well accepted by children due to its high concentration of lactose (about 60 g/L). Immunomodulatory properties have been reported in one study in humans and in several animal models. Donkey milk also seems to modulate the intestinal microbiota, enhance antioxidant defense mechanisms and detoxifying enzymes activities, reduce hyperglycemia and normalize dyslipidemia. Donkey milk has lower calorie and fat content compared with other milks used in human nutrition (fat ranges from 0.20% to 1.7%) and a more favourable fatty acid profile, being low in saturated fatty acids (3.02 g/L) and high in alpha-linolenic acid (about 7.25 g/100 g of fat). Until now, the beneficial properties of donkey milk have been mostly related to whey proteins, among which beta-lactoglobulin is the most represented (6.06 g/L), followed by alpha-lactalbumin (about 2 g/L) and lysozyme (1.07 g/L). So far, the health functionality of donkey milk has been tested almost exclusively on animal models. Furthermore, in vitro studies have described inhibitory action against bacteria, viruses, and fungi. From the literature review emerges the need for new randomized clinical trials on humans to provide stronger evidence of the potential beneficial health effects of donkey milk, which could lead to new applications as an adjuvant in the treatment of cardiometabolic diseases, malnutrition, and aging.
Determination of Blood Glucose, Total Protein, Certain Minerals, and Triiodothyronine during Late Pregnancy and Postpartum Periods in Crossbred Dairy Cows.; The late pregnancy (3rd trimester) and the postpartum period (PPP) (calving date or day zero to day 45) are very critical periods for the fertility and production in dairy cows. This study was designed to investigate blood glucose, total protein (TP), calcium (Ca), phosphorus (P), magnesium (Mg), iron (Fe), and triiodothyronine (T3) during late pregnancy and the PPP. Twenty-seven apparently healthy multiparous crossbred dairy cows (Friesian x Kenana) were included in this study. The cows were randomly allocated into three groups: group A (n = 10), cows with late pregnancy, group B (n = 7), cows in the PPP, and group C (n = 10), nonpregnant cows as control. One-way ANOVA was used to analyze the data. The results of this study showed that blood glucose was higher in late pregnancy and the PPP than in nonpregnant cows. The TP was significantly lower in late pregnant cows than during the PPP and in nonpregnant cows. Ca, P, and Mg were not significantly different between periods. Serum Fe and T3 were significantly lower during the PPP than that in late pregnant and nonpregnant cows. The results can provide indications of the nutritional status of dairy cows and a diagnostic tool to avoid the metabolic disorders that may occur during late pregnancy and the PPP. Copyright © 2021 Shima Essameldin Mohammed et al.
The Effect of Kefir Supplementation on Improving Human Endurance Exercise Performance and Antifatigue.; Kefir is an acidic, carbonated, and fermented dairy product produced by fermenting milk with kefir grains. The Lactobacillus species constitutes an important part of kefir grains. In a previous animal study, kefir effectively improved exercise performance and had anti-fatigue effects. The purpose of this research was to explore the benefits of applying kefir to improve exercise performance, reduce fatigue, and improve physiological adaptability in humans. The test used a double-blind crossover design and supplementation for 28 days. Sixteen 20-30 year-old subjects were divided into two groups in a balanced order according to each individual's initial maximal oxygen uptake and were assigned to receive a placebo (equal flavor, equal calories, 20 g/day) or SYNKEFIR TM (20 g/day) every morning. After the intervention, there were 28 days of wash-out, during which time the subjects did not receive further interventions. After supplementation with SYNKEFIR TM, the exercise time to exhaustion was significantly greater than that before ingestion (p = 0.0001) and higher than that in the Placebo group by 1.29-fold (p = 0.0004). In addition, compared with the Placebo group, the SYNKEFIR TM administration group had significantly lower lactate levels in the exercise and recovery (p < 0.05). However, no significant difference was observed in the changes in the gut microbiota. Although no significant changes in body composition were found, SYNKEFIR TM did not cause adverse reactions or harm to the participants' bodies. In summary, 28 days of supplementation with SYNKEFIR TM significantly improved exercise performance, reduced the production of lactic acid after exercise, and accelerated recovery while also not causing any adverse reactions.
Associations of Body Dissatisfaction With Lifestyle Behaviors and Socio-Demographic Factors Among Saudi Females Attending Fitness Centers.; OBJECTIVE: To examine body image perception and the associations of body dissatisfaction (BD) with socio-demographic and lifestyle factors among Saudi women attending fitness centers in Riyadh., METHODS: Saudi females aged 16 years and older were recruited from 12 randomly selected fitness centers in Riyadh, using stratified clustered sampling technique (n = 460). Height and weight were measured to calculate actual body mass index (BMI). A previously validated instrument was used to collect socio-demographic and lifestyle variables including physical activity (PA), sedentary behaviors, sleep and dietary habits. Stunkard Figure Rating Scale silhouettes were used to assess perceived and desired body shape., RESULTS: The participants had a mean (SD) age of 29.2 (8.2). The majority were not married (57%), with no children (66%) and had college degrees (78%). While 63% were overweight or obese, nearly 40% of women underestimated their perceived body shape. The majority of respondents (87%) were dissatisfied with their body shape including 68% of normal weight women. Females who had BD were significantly older, had higher BMI, reported more weight loss attempt and had expended less time in vigorous (p = 0.033) and total (p = 0.042) PA than those who were satisfied with their body shape. However, when adjusting for socio-demographic variables, logistic regression analysis revealed significant associations of BD with higher BMI, shorter membership duration of fitness club, and reduced dairy products and energy drinks consumption., CONCLUSION: Except for BMI and decreased dairy products and energy drinks consumption, many lifestyle behaviors did not associate with BD among Saudi females attending fitness centers. The findings can inform healthcare providers when intervention strategy is implicated for females with BD. Future studies should compare the associations of BD with lifestyle behaviors between males and females attending fitness centers and seeking weight loss. Copyright © 2021 Albawardi, AlTamimi, AlMarzooqi, Alrasheed and Al-Hazzaa.
Probiotic Yogurt Fortified with Vitamin D Can Improve Glycemic Status in Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Patients: a Randomized Clinical Trial.; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a significant public health problem globally and the most notable chronic liver disease in Asian countries. Various dietary supplements have been assessed as potential methods to alleviate the metabolic damages related to NAFLD, but the results of these works have been equivocal. This study aimed to evaluate the effects of probiotic yogurt fortified with vitamin D (Pro-YFD) on glycemic and anthropometric indices in patients with NAFLD. One hundred and four NAFLD patients of both sexes were randomly allocated to 2 groups: group A (Pro-YFD) and group B (unfortified yogurt). The intervention period was 3 months. Fasting blood samples were obtained for measuring fasting blood sugar (FBS) and insulin level. Food intake was measured using a validated food frequency questionnaire. Body composition was estimated by bio-impedance. Eighty-eight patients completed the study. The mean serum level of 25(OH)D3 was elevated significantly (p < 0.001), while insulin level decreased significantly (p < 0.003) in group A at the end of the study. FBS levels showed no significant differences between the groups at the end of the trial. Also, there were no significant changes in diet caloric intake, physical activity, or anthropometric indices in the 2 groups during the interventions. Pro-YFD in the diets of patients with NAFLD may attenuate insulin resistance and improve serum level of 25(OH)D3. Copyright © 2021. The Korean Society of Clinical Nutrition.
Milk consumption and multiple health outcomes: umbrella review of systematic reviews and meta-analyses in humans.; In order to recapitulate the best available evidence of milk consumption and multiple health-related outcomes, we performed an umbrella review of meta-analyses and systematic reviews in humans. Totally, 41 meta-analyses with 45 unique health outcomes were included. Milk consumption was more often related to benefits than harm to a sequence of health-related outcomes. Dose-response analyses indicated that an increment of 200 ml (approximately 1 cup) milk intake per day was associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular disease, stroke, hypertension, colorectal cancer, metabolic syndrome, obesity and osteoporosis. Beneficial associations were also found for type 2 diabetes mellitus and Alzheimer's disease. Conversely, milk intake might be associated with higher risk of prostate cancer, Parkinson's disease, acne and Fe-deficiency anaemia in infancy. Potential allergy or lactose intolerance need for caution. Milk consumption does more good than harm for human health in this umbrella review. Our results support milk consumption as part of a healthy diet. More well-designed randomized controlled trials are warranted.
Dietary milk fat globule membrane supplementation during late gestation increased the growth of neonatal piglets by improving their plasma parameters, intestinal barriers, and fecal microbiota.; Milk fat globule membrane (MFGM), mainly comprising protein and fat, has been reported to have multiple biological functions for relieving intestinal inflammation and enhancing growth performance. We hypothesized that MFGM supplementation into sows' diet during late gestation can have a positive impact on the intestinal microecology of sows and their piglets, as well as on the growth of neonates. Therefore, the present study was conducted to investigate such effects and their potential mechanisms. Twenty-two pregnant sows were selected and randomly divided into the CON group (basal diet) and MFGM group (basal diet supplemented with 9.9 g per day MFGM). The feeding period began from d 85 of gestation and until farrowing. The concentrations of albumin (ALB), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) in plasma and short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) in feces of sows from the MFGM group were determined. The concentrations of growth hormone (GH), immunoglobulin A (IgA), glucose (GLU), and NEFA in the umbilical cord blood in the MFGM group were significantly higher than those in the CON group. Piglets from the MFGM group showed improved growth performance, increased villus height in the jejunum, decreased crypt depth in the duodenum and jejunum, upregulated mRNA expressions of tight junctions (namely, Occludin; Claudin-1, Claudin-2, and Claudin-4; zonulin-1 (ZO-1)); mucins such as Mucin 2, Mucin 4, Mucin 13, and Mucin 20; and immune-related genes, such as tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interferon-gamma (INF-gamma), interleukin-22 (IL-22), toll-like receptor 2 (TLR2), and toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4). In addition, the abundance of Prevotella in the feces of sows at farrowing and the abundance of Christensenellaceae_R-7_group in the feces of 21 day-old piglets from the MFGM group were significantly higher. Further correlation analysis revealed that the Christensenellaceae_R-7_group was positively correlated with the relative mRNA expressions of Occludin, Claudin-1, Claudin-2, Claudin-4, Mucin 13, TLR2, and TLR4. In conclusion, MFGM supplementation during late gestation improved the physiological status of sows by improving their plasma parameters and intestinal microecology. The improved provision of nutrients through the umbilical cord blood and optimized microbiota colonization in neonatal piglets were beneficial to the intestinal morphological structure and barrier functions, consequently improving the growth performance of neonates during lactation. These findings provide insights into the future applications of MFGM with regard to maternal-fetal nutrition and a new option for nutritional intervention of neonates through maternal dietary manipulation. Copyright This journal is © The Royal Society of Chemistry.
Short term therapeutic efficacy of camel milk Vis-A-Vis buffalo milk in Alloxan R induced diabetic rabbits.; PURPOSE: This is the first comparative report that demonstrates the comparison of the anti-hyperglycemic activity of camel milk, buffalo milk and synthetic drugs in induced diabetic rabbits., METHOD: Five groups (n = 8) of rabbits containing placebo (G1) and hyperglycemic groups (Alloxan R administered intravenously) including control diabetic (G2), camel milk treated @40 ml/kg (G3), buffalo milk treated @40 ml/kg (G4) and glibenclamide (Glicon R) @10 mg/kg (G5) orally for 60 days. Collection of blood was done for hematology and biochemical analysis. Renal and hepatic tissue sections were processed by routine paraffin technique for diabetes-induced histopathological changes and anti-diabetic activity of camel and buffalo milk., RESULTS: Diabetes deleteriously (P <= 0.05) affects all studied parameters. A significant (P <= 0.05) recovery was seen in diabetogenic hematological (RBC, MCV, Hb, MCH) and serological parameters (AST, ALT, creatinine, BUN, TPs, and TOS) with camel milk treatment. Camel milk and glibenclamide decreased blood glucose level more significantly (P < 0.01) than the buffalo milk but more significant renal recovery was seen by renal function. Microscopic observations demonstrated that camel milk and glibenclamide recovered the altered histology of the liver and kidneys towards normal., CONCLUSION: The results indicate that camel milk has a potential therapeutic effect in the treatment of hyperglycemia and plays a significant role in its management as well as reduces the risk of diabetes-related complications as compared to buffalo milk. Copyright © Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2020.
The Effects of Foods on Blood Lipids in Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD)-A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; Background: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with dyslipidemia and increased cardiovascular disease risk. Dietary choices may produce profound effects on blood lipids. Thus, the purpose of this study was to investigate which foods modify blood lipids in NAFLD. Methods: Systematic review of published systematic reviews and randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Searches were performed in PubMed, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, from inception through March 2020. Studies in populations with NAFLD, which provided data on foods or dietary patterns and blood lipids were included, but not weight loss diets, supplements, nor individual nutrients. The strength of evidence was evaluated using The Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE). Results: No relevant systematic reviews were identified. Eleven RCTs were included in the qualitative synthesis. Two RCTs were included in meta-analyses, regarding the comparison between Mediterranean and Low-fat diets, in which there were no clear effects on either high-density lipoprotein cholesterol or triglycerides, with Low evidence. From single RCTs, there was Moderate evidence for reduced triglycerides by a healthy dietary pattern, compared with usual care; and for reduced total cholesterol by a probiotic yogurt, enriched with Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb12, compared with conventional yogurt. For all other comparisons, the evidence was considered as Low or Very low. Conclusion:  Few studies were identified which reported effects of foods on blood lipids in subjects with NAFLD. The possible beneficial effect of probiotics warrants further study. PROSPERO identifier: CRD42020178927. Copyright © 2020 Rosqvist, Rydell and Iggman.
Epigenetic Programming Through Breast Milk and Its Impact on Milk-Siblings Mating.; BACKGROUND: The epigenetic effects of transmission of certain regulatory molecules, such as miRNAs, through maternal milk on future generations, are still unknown and have not been fully understood yet. We hypothesized that breastfeeding regularly by adoptive-mother may cause transmission of miRNAs as epigenetic regulating factors to the infant, and the marriage of milk-siblings may cause various pathologies in the future generations., RESULTS: A cross-fostering model using a/a and A vy /a mice had been established. F2 milk-sibling and F2 control groups were obtained from mating of milk-siblings or unrelated mice. Randomized selected animals in the both F2 groups were sacrificed for miRNA expression studies and the remainings were followed for phenotypic changes (coat color, obesity, hyperglycemia, liver pathology, and life span). The lifespan in the F2 milk-sibling group was shorter than the control group (387 vs 590 days, p = 0.011) and they were more obese during the aging period. Histopathological examination of liver tissues revealed abnormal findings in F2 milk-sibling group. In order to understand the epigenetic mechanisms leading to these phenotypic changes, we analyzed miRNA expression differences between offspring of milk-sibling and control matings and focused on the signaling pathways regulating lifespan and metabolism. Bioinformatic analysis demonstrated that differentially expressed miRNAs were associated with pathways regulating metabolism, survival, and cancer development such as the PI3K-Akt, ErbB, mTOR, and MAPK, insulin signaling pathways. We further analyzed the expression patterns of miR-186-5p, miR-141-3p, miR-345-5p, and miR-34c-5p and their candidate target genes Mapk8, Gsk3b, and Ppargc1a in ovarian and liver tissues., CONCLUSION: Our findings support for the first time that the factors modifying the epigenetic mechanisms may be transmitted by breast milk and these epigenetic interactions may be transferred transgenerationally. Results also suggested hereditary epigenetic effects of cross-fostering on future generations and the impact of mother-infant dyad on epigenetic programming. Copyright © 2020 Ozkan, Tuzun, Taheri, Korhan, Akokay, Yilmaz, Duman, Ozer, Tufan, Kumral and Ozkul.
The Effect of Metaphylactic Use of Tildipirosin for the Control of Respiratory Disease in Long-Distance Transported Dairy Calves.; The objective of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of two metaphylactic strategies using tildipirosin for the control of bovine respiratory disease (BRD) in dairy calves transported to a heifer raising facility within their first week of life. A total of 2,100 calves were enrolled in the study. Animals were transported for ~1,715 km, from dairies located in Minnesota to a calf raising facility located in New Mexico, where they were housed in individual hutches until weaning. Three days after arrival, calves were randomly allocated into three groups: (1) META1: single subcutaneous (SQ) injection of tildipirosin (Zuprevo TM, Merck Animal Health) at enrollment at 4 mg/kg; (2) META2: SQ injection of tildipirosin at enrollment and 17 days later; (3) CON: untreated controls. The BRD incidence was 11.4, 10.8, and 9.4% for calves enrolled in the CON, META1, and META2, respectively (P = 0.44). Lung lesions diagnosed through ultrasonography was found in 21.0, 21.0, and 21.8% of calves enrolled in CON, META1, and META2, respectively (P = 0.99). Mortality tended to be greater for CON calves in comparison to META2 calves (1.5 vs. 0.6%, P = 0.06), but did not differ between calves enrolled in CON and META1 groups (1.5 vs. 1.2%, P = 0.55). Growth was not affected by metaphylaxis. The average daily gain for calves enrolled in CON, META1, and META2 was 517, 518 and 525 g, respectively (P = 0.25). Blood analysis revealed that some of the markers of inflammation assessed were influenced by metaphylaxis. At 27 days after enrollment, META2 calves had decreased concentrations of haptoglobin, serum amyloid A, and aspartate aminotransferase, compared to CON calves (P < 0.05). Additionally, CON calves had increased concentrations of globulins and lower albumin to globulin ratio than META2 calves at the end of the weaning period (P < 0.05). In conclusion, tildipirosin metaphylaxis did not decrease the incidence of BRD nor did it have an impact on weight gain. However, metaphylaxis with two injections of tildipirosin at enrollment and 17 days later tended to reduce mortality and improved the systemic inflammatory status of calves during the preweaning period. Copyright © 2020 Celestino, Fernandes, Menta, Paiva, Ribeiro, Silva, Bilby, Neves, Ballou and Machado.
Comparative Pharmacokinetics of Meloxicam Between Healthy Post-partum vs. Mid-lactation Dairy Cattle.; Lactating dairy cattle are at risk for various painful conditions throughout their life, such as lameness, parturition, mastitis, and metabolic disorders. These conditions necessitate adequate methods of analgesia to address welfare concerns through efficacious pain mitigation. As no method of analgesia has been approved for lactating dairy cattle, to date, research is necessary to determine effective pain management strategies for dairy cattle. In both the European Union and Canada, meloxicam has been approved for use in lactating dairy cattle as a methodology for pain control. The objective of this study was to characterize the pharmacokinetics of meloxicam administered orally and intravenously to lactating dairy cattle in the post-partum vs. mid-lactation period. In this parallel study design, 12 healthy, lactating Holsteins were enrolled within 24 h of freshening and randomly allocated to intravenous (0.2 mg/kg) or oral (1.0 mg/kg) meloxicam administration treatment groups. They were matched based on parity to 12, healthy cows that were considered mid-lactation [>150 days-in-milk (DIM)] to receive the same treatment. Based on meloxicam formulation, sampling times varied and plasma was collection via jugular venipuncture for 6 days. Plasma drug concentrations were evaluated using liquid chromatography coupled with mass spectroscopy and pharmacokinetic properties were evaluated using non-compartmental (i.e., statistical moments) analysis. Results indicated a decreased systemic clearance of meloxicam in post-partum relative to mid-lactation cows, which resulted in a longer half-life and increased total exposure independent of mode of administration. These results suggest a need for dose adjustments based on stage in lactation and further assessment of the impact of days-in-milk on milk withholding period. Copyright © 2020 Warner, Ydstie, Wulf, Gehring, Coetzee, Mochel and Gorden.
Hypoglycemic and hypolipidemic activity of combined milk thistle and fenugreek seeds in alloxan-induced diabetic albino rats.; BACKGROUND AND AIM: Despite the availability of antidiabetic drugs, they are not free from associated adverse side effects. This study aimed to evaluate the hypoglycemic and hypolipidemic effects of oral administration of seeds from two medicinal plants: (1) Milk thistle and (2) fenugreek., MATERIALS AND METHODS: Plant seeds were washed in distilled water and ground with a coffee grinder. Alloxan was used to induce diabetes in 20 male albino rats. Diabetic rats were randomly divided into two groups: (1) Group 1 (n=10), diabetic rats fed with 0.5 g/kg milk thistle and 2 g/kg fenugreek seeds per day and (2) Group 2 (n=10), diabetic rats fed standard rodent food for 4 weeks., RESULTS: Oral administration of milk thistle and fenugreek seeds for 2 weeks resulted in significant improvement in body weight, blood glucose, glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), cholesterol, and triglyceride levels in alloxan-induced diabetic rats. After 4 weeks, this ameliorative effect was significantly elevated with respect to blood glucose (155.00+/-9.70 mg/dL vs. 427.50+/-5.70 mg/dL; p<0.001), HbA1c (5.5+/-0.19% vs. 13.65+/-1.77%; p<0.001), cholesterol (281.50+/-10.95 mg/dL vs. 334.30+/-6.80 mg/dL; p<0.001), triglyceride (239.60+/-6.87 mg/dL vs. 284.20+/-9.95 mg/dL; p<0.01), and body weight (265.30+/-8.10 g vs. 207.40+/-11.4 g; p<0.01) as compared with non-treated diabetic rats., CONCLUSION: Milk thistle and fenugreek seeds possess hypoglycemic and hypolipidemic properties and could be used as natural compounds that are suitable as parent compounds for the development of new antidiabetic drugs. Copyright: © Saadh.
Efficacy of low-fat milk and yogurt fortified with encapsulated vitamin D3 on improvement in symptoms of insomnia and quality of life: Evidence from the SUVINA trial.; INTRODUCTION: Sleep disorders are a common condition globally. Vitamin D receptors are present on cells in several regions of the brain. It is possible that vitamin D status may affect brain function, including sleep patterns. We aimed to evaluate the 1,500 IU of Nano-encapsulated vitamin D fortified in dairy products on the symptoms of insomnia and associated improvement of quality of life., METHODS: A case series was undertaken as part of the Survey of ultraviolent intake by nutritional approach project. Subjects enrolled among adults with abdominal obesity. Twenty-nine subjects with insomnia were selected according to the results of Insomnia Severity Index questionnaire and quality of life using a Short Form Health Survey (SF-36) questionnaire. Subjects were allocated to four groups: low-fat milk fortified by 1,500 IU vitamin D3 (n = 8), simple milk (n = 8), low-fat yogurt fortified by 1,500 IU vitamin D3 (n = 7), and simple yogurt (n = 6) and were treated for 10 weeks., RESULTS: The insomnia score improved after the intervention in the group receiving vitamin D fortified milk compared to group receiving unfortified milk (p < .001). There were no significant differences between the two groups taking yogurt (fortified vs. unfortified). Comparison of quality of life scores between baseline and after intervention indicated significant improvements in both fortified and simple milk groups (p = .002 and p = .03, respectively); but no differences were found in the groups taking yogurt., CONCLUSION: Fortified low-fat milk containing 1,500 IU vitamin D3 can improve insomnia symptoms and subsequently quality of life.Trial registration number: IRCT20101130005280N27, www.IRCT.ir. Copyright © 2020 The Authors. Food Science & Nutrition published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Lifestyle Behaviors and Socio-Demographic Factors Associated with Overweight or Obesity Among Saudi Females Attending Fitness Centers.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the associations of overweight or obesity with several lifestyle and socio-demographic factors among Saudi women attending fitness centers in Riyadh., METHODS: Saudi females (n = 460) aged 16 years and older were recruited from 12 randomly selected fitness centers in Riyadh, using a stratified clustered sampling technique. Bodyweight and height were measured. Lifestyle behaviors were assessed using a previously validated instrument, and included physical activity, sedentary behaviors, sleep, and dietary habits., RESULTS: Over 62% of the participants were either overweight or obese. Mean BMI values for females younger than age 30 years (26.4 +/- 5.3) were significantly lower than those 30 years of age or older (29.2+/-5.6, p >0.001). There was a significant correlation (r = 0.450, p < 0.001) between BMI levels and the participant's reason to engage in exercise for weight loss. Females who were overweight/obese are significantly older, married, have more children, have a lower educational degree, earn less income, have higher numbers of obese in the family, and had attempted to lose weight more frequently than non-overweight/non-obese females. No significant differences were detected between females who were overweight/obese and those who were not overweight/obese in the majority of the lifestyle-related variables, except that females who were not overweight or obese showed lower weekly consumption of milk and dairy products (p =0.029) and higher intakes of fast foods per week (p =0.049)., CONCLUSION: Weight loss attempts, age, number of obese in the family, and females' education level emerged as the most important contributory factors to obesity status, explaining nearly 23% of the common variances. A better understanding of the relationships between obesity and lifestyle behaviors is necessary for effective prevention and management of obesity in Saudi females. Copyright © 2020 AlTamimi et al.
Laminar Inflammation Responses in the Oligofructose Overload Induced Model of Bovine Laminitis.; Bovine laminitis causes substantial economic losses and animal welfare problems in dairy farms worldwide. Previously published studies have reported that the inflammatory response plays a central role in the pathogenesis of the disease. To our knowledge, inflammation associated with bovine laminitis induced by high levels of exposure to oligofructose (OF) has not been reported and characterized. In fact, the disease manifestations in this model closely approximate those of clinical laminitis. The objective of this study was to characterize the inflammatory response in OF-induced bovine laminitis. A total of 12 Chinese Holstein dairy heifers were utilized in this study. The heifers were randomly divided into two groups, treatment (n = 6) and control (n = 6). The treatment group heifers were administered OF solutions via a stomach tube (dose: 17 g/kg of body weight). Upon development of a lameness score of 2 with consecutive positive reactions in the same claw, they would be humanely euthanized. Control heifers were administered deionized water (dose: 2 L/100 kg of body weight) and humanely euthanized at 72 h. Real-time quantitative PCR (qPCR) assays were performed to determine the messenger RNA (mRNA) concentrations of inflammatory mediators in the lamellae. Concentrations of interleukin (IL)-1beta, IL-6, IL-8, C-X-C motif chemokine ligand-1 (CXCL-1), macrophage cationic peptide-2 (MCP-2), E-selectin, intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2), inducible nitric oxide synthase-1 (iNOS-1), and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) were significantly increased (P < 0.05) in the treatment group. No significant difference was found for tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha), IL-10, CXCL-6, and MCP-1. These results demonstrated and characterized the laminar inflammatory response leading to the pathogenesis of bovine laminitis at the early stages. Copyright © 2020 Ding, Li, Jiang, Li, Zhang, Song, Hayat, Zhang and Wang.
Investigations on Metabolic Changes in Beagle Dogs Fed Probiotic Queso Blanco Cheese and Identification of Candidate Probiotic Fecal Biomarkers Using Metabolomics Approaches.; Intake of probiotic cheese improves the intestinal health of humans and animals. However, metabolic changes in the intestines of dogs in response to the ingestion of probiotic cheese have not been evaluated. Thus, we aimed to determine the metabolic changes in healthy beagle dogs fed queso blanco cheese with added Lactobacillus reuteri KACC 92293 and Bifidobacterium longum KACC 91563 (QCLB) and to identify potential fecal biomarkers to distinguish the metabolic changes based on intake of probiotic cheese through metabolomics approaches. The dogs were randomly divided into three groups and fed a regular diet without any cheese (control), a diet with queso blanco cheese (QC), or one with QCLB for eight weeks. The concentrations of acetic, propionic, and 4-aminobutyric acids were increased in the QCLB group compared to those in the control group. Additionally, higher levels of propionic acid and lower levels of xylose were found in the QCLB group compared to those in the QC group. This is the first report on the identification of metabolic changes in beagle dogs fed queso blanco cheese with added L. reuteri KACC 92293 and B. longum KACC 91563. We also found that metabolomics approaches can be useful for identifying potential fecal markers in dogs fed probiotic cheese.
Effect of whole soy and isoflavones daidzein on bone turnover and inflammatory markers: a 6-month double-blind, randomized controlled trial in Chinese postmenopausal women who are equol producers.; BACKGROUND: Human studies have demonstrated the beneficial effects of soy or isoflavones on bone metabolism. However, conflicting data remain. Equol is the intestinal metabolite of the isoflavone daidzein. The health benefits of soy are more pronounced in equol producers than those not producing equol. This 6-month randomized controlled trial aimed to examine the effect of whole soy (soy flour) and purified daidzein on bone turnover markers (BTMs) in Chinese postmenopausal women who are equol producers., METHODS: A total of 270 eligible women were randomized to either one of the three isocaloric supplements as follows: 40 g soy flour (whole soy group), 40 g low-fat milk powder + 63 mg daidzein (daidzein group), or 40 g low-fat milk powder (placebo group) given as a solid beverage daily for 6 months. The following fasting venous samples were collected at the baseline and end of the trial to analyze BTMs: serum cross-linked C-telopeptides of type I collagen, bone-specific alkaline phosphatase, osteocalcin, procollagen type I N-terminal propeptide, and 25(OH)D3. Inflammation-related biomarkers, such as serum interleukin-6, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, C-reactive protein, transferrin, and homocysteine, were also tested to explore potential mechanisms., RESULTS: A total of 253 subjects validly completed the study protocol. Urinary isoflavones suggested a good compliance to the treatments. Intention-to-treat and per-protocol analyses indicated no significant difference in the 6-month or percentage changes in the parameters of bone metabolism and inflammatory markers among the three treatment groups., CONCLUSIONS: Whole soy and purified daidzein at provided dosages exhibited no significant effect on the bone metabolism and inflammation levels among Chinese equol-producing postmenopausal women., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier NCT01270737. Copyright © The Author(s), 2020.
Effect of Maternal Diet and Medium Chain Fatty Acids Supplementation for Piglets on Their Digestive Tract Development, Structure, and Chyme Acidity as Well as Performance and Health Status.; The objective of the present study was to evaluate the effect of oils for sows during late pregnancy and lactation on offspring performance. In addition, the effect of caprylic acid (C8) or medium-chain triglyceride oil (MCT) in piglets' feed on their gut development, performance, and health status was determined. The experiment was conducted on 24 sows allocated to two treatments: diet with rapeseed oil or with coconut oil. Newborn piglets were randomly allocated to three treatments: feed with no supplement or supplemented with 0.3% MCT or with 0.3% C8. The results showed that both oils had no effect on sow reproductive rates; however, fatty acid patterns of milk differed significantly and the number of lost piglets was lower in sow fed with coconut oil. Both caprylic and MCT oil significantly improved piglet performance and villus height. These additives did not change triacylglycerol content in blood, but C8 lowered total cholesterol and MCT increased IgG content. It can be concluded that coconut oil fed to pregnant and lactating sows can markedly reduce the mortality of piglets and that caprylic acid and medium-chain fatty acid oil can be a good supplement in weaned piglet feed.
Correction: Sartorius et al. "Postprandial Effects of a Proprietary Milk Protein Hydrolysate Containing Bioactive Peptides in Prediabetic Subjects" Nutrients 2019, 11, 1700.; Milk proteins have been hypothesized to protect against type 2 diabetes (T2DM) by beneficially modulating glycemic response, predominantly in the postprandial status. This potential is, amongst others, attributed to the high content of whey proteins, which are commonly a product of cheese production. However, native whey has received substantial attention due to its higher leucine content, and its postprandial glycemic effect has not been assessed thus far in prediabetes. In the present study, the impact of a milk protein hydrolysate of native whey origin with alpha-glucosidase inhibiting properties was determined in prediabetics in a randomized, cross-over trial. Subjects received a single dose of placebo or low- or high-dosed milk protein hydrolysate prior to a challenge meal high in carbohydrates. Concentration-time curves of glucose and insulin were assessed. Incremental areas under the curve (iAUC) of glucose as the primary outcome were significantly reduced by low-dosed milk peptides compared to placebo (p = 0.0472), and a minor insulinotropic effect was seen. A longer intervention period with the low-dosed product did not strengthen glucose response but significantly reduced HbA1c values (p = 0.0244). In conclusion, the current milk protein hydrolysate of native whey origin has the potential to modulate postprandial hyperglycemia and hence may contribute in reducing the future risk of developing T2DM.
The efficacy of camel milk and Tarangabin (manna of Alhagi maurorum( combination therapy on glomerular filtration rate in patients with chronic kidney disease: A randomized controlled trial.; OBJECTIVE: This study was designed to investigate the effect of camel milk and Tarangabin (manna of Alhagi maurorum) combination therapy in addition to conventional treatments in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD)., MATERIALS AND METHODS: Forty-four patients of 15 to 70 years old, with CKD due to hypertension or diabetes, and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) of 15-60 ml/min per 1.73 m2, were enrolled in this trial. The patients were randomized to receive either 400 cc of camel milk with 10 cc of Tarangabin syrup orally in two divided daily doses for 3 months plus conventional therapy or conventional therapy alone. The conventional treatment included diabetes medications and angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors or angiotensin receptor blockers., RESULTS: The baseline characteristics of patients were similar in the two groups. Serum levels of creatinine (p=0.01), blood levels of urea nitrogen (p=0.0001), triglyceride (p=0.02), and potassium (p=0.05), and diastolic blood pressure (p=0.0001) decreased, while eGFR (p=0.001) improved in intervention group significantly., CONCLUSION: It seems that the therapeutic protocol used in this study can improve renal function in patients with CKD through regulating glucose and anti-inflammatory, laxative, and immunostimulatory properties.
Effects of an 8-Week Protein Supplementation Regimen with Hyperimmunized Cow Milk on Exercise-Induced Organ Damage and Inflammation in Male Runners: A Randomized, Placebo Controlled, Cross-Over Study.; Prolonged strenuous exercise may induce inflammation, cause changes in gastrointestinal permeability, and lead to other unfavorable biological changes and diseases. Nutritional approaches have been used to prevent exercise-induced inflammatory responses and gastrointestinal disorders. Hyperimmunized milk, obtained by immunizing cows against specific antigens, promotes the development of immunity against pathogens, promotes anti-inflammatory effects, and protects intestinal function. Immune protein (IMP) is a concentrated product of hyperimmunized milk and is a more promising means of supplementation to protect against acute infections and inflammation. To determine whether IMP has protective properties against exercise-induced gastrointestinal dysfunction and inflammation, we examined biochemical markers, intestinal damage markers, and pro-/anti-inflammatory profiles of young male runners using a randomized, placebo controlled, cross-over design. Urine samples were collected and used for measurements of creatinine, N-acetyl-beta-d-glucosaminidase, osmotic pressure, and specific gravity. Titin was measured as a muscle damage marker. Further, urine concentrations of complement 5a, calprotectin, fractalkine, myeloperoxidase, macrophage colony-stimulating factor, monocyte chemotactic protein-1, intestinal fatty acid binding protein (I-FABP), interferon (IFN)-gamma, interleukin (IL)-1beta, IL-1 receptor antagonist, IL-2, IL-4, IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, IL-12p40, and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays. We demonstrated that urine osmotic pressure, urine specific gravity, I-FABP, IFN-gamma, IL-1beta, and TNF-alpha were reduced by 8 weeks of IMP supplementation, indicating that IMP may have potential in preventing strenuous exercise-induced renal dysfunction, increased intestinal permeability, and inflammation. Thus, IMP supplementation may be a feasible nutritional approach for the prevention of unfavorable exercise-induced symptoms.
Milk Fat Globule-Epidermal Growth Factor VIII Ameliorates Brain Injury in the Subacute Phase of Cerebral Ischemia in an Animal Model.; OBJECTIVE: Milk fat globule-epidermal growth factor VIII (MFG-E8) may play a key role in inflammatory responses and has the potential to function as a neuroprotective agent for ameliorating brain injury in cerebral infarction. This study aimed to determine the role of MFG-E8 in brain injury in the subacute phase of cerebral ischemia in a rat model., METHODS: Focal cerebral ischemia was induced in rats by occluding the middle cerebral artery with the modified intraluminal filament technique. Twenty-four hours after ischemia induction, rats were randomly assigned to two groups and treated with either recombinant human MFG-E8 or saline. Functional outcomes were assessed using the modified Neurological Severity Score (mNSS), and infarct volumes were evaluated using histology. Anti-inflammation, angiogenesis, and neurogenesis were assessed using immunohistochemistry with antibodies against ionized calcium-binding adapter molecule 1 (Iba-1), rat endothelial cell antigen-1 (RECA-1), and bromodeoxyuridine (BrdU)/doublecortin (DCX), respectively., RESULTS: Our results showed that intravenous MFG-E8 treatment did not reduce the infarct volume; however, the mNSS test revealed that neurobehavioral deficits were significantly improved in the MFG-E8-treated group than in the vehicle group. Immunofluorescence staining revealed a significantly lower number of Iba-1-positive cells and higher number of RECA-1 in the periinfarcted brain region, and significantly higher numbers of BrdU- and DCX-positive cells in the subventricular zone in the MFG-E8-treated group than in the vehicle group., CONCLUSION: Our findings suggest that MFG-E8 improves neurological function by suppressing inflammation and enhancing angiogenesis and neuronal proliferation in the subacute phase of cerebral infarction.
Effects of Lonicera japonica extract on performance, blood biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress during perinatal period in dairy cows.; OBJECTIVE: An experiment was conducted to evaluate the effects of Lonicera japonica extract (LJE) on milk production, rumen fermentation and blood biomarkers of energy metabolism, inflammation and oxidative stress during the perinatal period of Holstein dairy cows., METHODS: Eighteen Holstein dairy cows were used in a complete randomized design experiment with 3 dietary treatments and 6 cows per treatment. All cows received the same basal total mixed ration (TMR) including a prepartal diet (1.35 Mcal of net energy for lactation [NEL]/kg of dry matter [DM], 13.23% crude protein [CP]) from -60 d to calving and a postpartal diet (1.61 Mcal of NEL/kg of DM, 17.39% CP) from calving to 30 days in milk (DIM). The 3 dietary treatments were TMR supplemented with LJE at 0 (control), 1 and 2 g/kg DM, respectively. LJE was offered from 21 d before calving to 30 DIM. Dry matter intake (DMI) and milk production were measured daily after calving. Milk and rumen fluid samples were collected on 29 and 30 d after calving. On -10, 4, 14, and 30 d relative to calving, blood samples were collected to analyze the biomarkers of energy metabolism, inflammation and oxidative stress., RESULTS: Compared with control diet, LJE supplementation at 1 and 2 g/kg DM increased DMI, milk yield and reduced milk somatic cell count. LJE supplementation also decreased the concentrations of blood biomarkers of pro-inflammation (interleukin-1beta [IL-1beta], IL-6, and haptoglobin), energy metabolism (nonesterified fatty acid and beta-hydroxybutyric acid) and oxidative stress (reactive oxygen metabolites), meanwhile increased the total antioxidant capacity and superoxide dismutase concentrations in blood. No differences were observed in rumen pH, volatile fatty acid, and ammonia-N (NH3-N) concentrations between LJE supplemented diets and the control diet., CONCLUSION: Supplementation with 1 and 2 g LJE/kg DM could increase DMI, improve lactation performance, and enhance anti-inflammatory and antioxidant capacities of dairy cows during perinatal period.
Healing Properties of Epidermal Growth Factor and Tocotrienol-Rich Fraction in Deep Partial-Thickness Experimental Burn Wounds.; Background: An experimental study was undertaken to determine the efficacy of the epidermal growth factor (EGF) with tocotrienol-rich fraction (TRF) cream in the wound-healing process on skin with deep partial-thickness burn in rats. Methods: A total of 180 Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly divided into six groups of six each and were: untreated control, treated with Silverdin R cream, base cream, base cream with c% EGF, base cream with 3% TRF or base cream with c% EGF and 3% TRF, respectively. Creams were applied once daily for 21 consecutive days. Six animals from each group were sacrificed using anaesthetic overdose on the third, seventh, 11th, 14th and 21st day post-burn. Skin tissues with the wound to be examined were excised for macroscopic and microscopic evaluation and biochemical analyses. Results: EGF + TRF formulation decreased the number of neutrophils, lymphocytes and myofibroblasts post-burn. However, no effects on the number of adipose cells in the healing process were recorded. In addition, lipid peroxidation and nitrite production were found to be reduced post-burn, reducing oxidative stress. Conclusions : Results of the present study indicate that the addition of EGF with TRF have ameliorating effects on deep-partial thickness burn healing parameters.
Pre-Meal Whey Protein Alters Postprandial Insulinemia by Enhancing beta-Cell Function and Reducing Insulin Clearance in T2D.; CONTEXT: Treatments that reduce postprandial glycemia (PPG) independent of stimulating insulin secretion are appealing for the management of type 2 diabetes (T2D). Consuming pre-meal whey protein (WP) reduces PPG by delaying gastric emptying and increasing plasma insulin concentrations. However, its effects on beta-cell function and insulin kinetics remains unclear., OBJECTIVE: To examine the PPG-regulatory effects of pre-meal WP by modeling insulin secretion rates (ISR), insulin clearance, and beta-cell function., METHODS: This was a single-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, crossover design study in 18 adults with T2D (HbA1c, 56.7 +/- 8.8 mmol/mol) who underwent 2 240-minute mixed-meal tolerance tests. Participants consumed WP (15 g protein) or placebo (0 g protein) 10 minutes before a mixed-macronutrient breakfast meal. PPG, pancreatic islet, and incretin hormones were measured throughout. ISR was calculated by C-peptide deconvolution. Estimates of insulin clearance and beta-cell function were modeled from glucose, insulin, and ISR. Changes in PPG incremental area under the curve (iAUC; prespecified) and insulin clearance (post hoc) were measured., RESULTS: beta-cell function was 40% greater after WP (P = .001) and was accompanied with a -22% reduction in postprandial insulin clearance vs placebo (P < .0001). Both the peak change and PPG iAUC were reduced by WP (-1.5 mmol/L and -16%, respectively; both P < .05). Pre-meal WP augmented a 5.9-fold increase in glucagon and glucagon-like peptide 1 iAUC (both P < .0001), and a 1.5-fold increase in insulin iAUC (P < .001). Although the plasma insulin response was greater following WP, ISR was unaffected (P = .133)., CONCLUSION: In adults with T2D, pre-meal WP reduced PPG by coordinating an enhancement in beta-cell function with a reduction in insulin clearance. This enabled an efficient postprandial insulinemic profile to be achieved without requiring further beta-cell stimulation.Trial registry ISRCTN ID: ISRCTN17563146 Website link: www.isrctn.com/ISRCTN17563146. Copyright © The Author(s) 2023. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Endocrine Society. All rights reserved. For permissions, please e-mail: journals.permissions@oup.com.
Effect of FADS1 rs174556 Genotype on Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Status: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; PUFA status is highly implicated in cognitive development and metabolic disorder-related diseases. Genetic variants of FADS genes encoding enzymes that catalyze the rate-limiting steps of PUFA biosynthesis appear to be associated with n-3 and n-6 PUFA contents. Therefore, we conducted the first systematic review and meta-analysis to explore the association of the A-allele carriers of the FADS1 rs174556 with PUFA status. The PRISMA guidelines were followed. The literature search was conducted up to November 2022 in PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, Cochrane Library, Airiti Library, and CINAHL. The Joanna Briggs Institute checklists were used to assess the methodological quality. The correlation with 95% CIs was determined by a random-effect meta-analysis. Eleven studies that met the inclusion criteria and acceptable quality were included in this systematic review. The data on PUFA contents were collected when they were mainly analyzed using blood samples and breast milk. Results of the meta-analysis on eight studies (one randomized controlled trial, one cohort study, and six cross-sectional studies) showed that the A-allele carriers of rs174556 were significantly negatively correlated with the concentrations of AA (P = 0.001), EPA (P = 0.004), and DHA (P = 0.025). However, ALA and LA were not associated with the A-allele carriers. To clarify the discrepancy, we further divided the studies into blood samples and breast milk subgroups. The subgroup analysis revealed that the A-allele carriers of rs174556 were significantly positively correlated with LA (P = 0.031) and negatively correlated with AA (P = 0.001), EPA (P = 0.036), and DHA (P < 0.001) in the blood sample group, but not in the breast milk group. The current meta-analysis proved that the A-allele carriers of the FADS1 rs174556 appeared to be highly associated with lower concentrations of AA, EPA, and DHA but higher LA in the blood samples. The study has been registered on the International Prospective Register of Systematic Reviews (PROSPERO:CRD42022363978). Adv Nutr 2023;x:xx-xx. Copyright © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of Dairy Intake on Markers of Cardiometabolic Health in Adults: A Systematic Review with Network Meta-Analysis.; The health effects of dairy products are still a matter of scientific debate owing to inconsistent findings across trials. Therefore, this systematic review and network meta-analysis (NMA) aimed to compare the effects of different dairy products on markers of cardiometabolic health. A systematic search was conducted in 3 electronic databases [MEDLINE, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), and Web of Science; search date: 23 September 2022]. This study included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with a >=12-wk intervention comparing any 2 of the eligible interventions [e.g., high dairy (>=3 servings/d or equal amount in grams per day), full-fat dairy, low-fat dairy, naturally fermented milk products, and low dairy/control (0-2 servings/d or usual diet)]. A pairwise meta-analysis and NMA using random-effects model was performed in the frequentist framework for 10 outcomes [body weight, BMI, fat mass, waist circumference, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, triglycerides, fasting glucose, glycated hemoglobin, and systolic blood pressure]. Continuous outcome data were pooled using mean differences (MDs) and dairy interventions ranked using the surface under the cumulative ranking curve. Nineteen RCTs with 1427 participants were included. High-dairy intake (irrespective of fat content) showed no detrimental effects on anthropometric outcomes, blood lipids, and blood pressure. Both low-fat and full-fat dairy improved systolic blood pressure (MD: -5.22 to -7.60 mm Hg; low certainty) but, concomitantly, may impair glycemic control (fasting glucose-MD: 0.31-0.43 mmol/L; glycated hemoglobin-MD: 0.37%-0.47%). Full-fat dairy may increase HDL cholesterol compared with a control diet (MD: 0.26 mmol/L; 95% CI: 0.03, 0.49 mmol/L). Yogurt improved waist circumference (MD: -3.47 cm; 95% CI: -6.92, -0.02 cm; low certainty), triglycerides (MD: -0.38 mmol/L; 95% CI: -0.73, -0.03 mmol/L; low certainty), and HDL cholesterol (MD: 0.19 mmol/L; 95% CI: 0.00, 0.38 mmol/L) compared with milk. In conclusion, our findings indicate that there is little robust evidence that a higher dairy intake has detrimental effects on markers of cardiometabolic health. This review was registered at PROSPERO as CRD42022303198. Copyright © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Impact of Lactiplantibacillus plantarum Inducia on metabolic and antioxidative response in cholesterol and BMI variable indices: randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials.; Probiotics may have potential in reducing cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk in middle-aged persons with borderline metabolic indices. The ability of potential probiotic Lactiplantibacillus plantarum Inducia to reduce CVD risk factors in persons with variable cholesterol and body mass indices (BMI) was assessed. In two parallel-armed double-blind placebo-controlled interventions (n=136) and (n=104), participants daily received either test yoghurt (Inducia) or placebo yoghurt. BMI, blood pressure, plasma glucose, cholesterol, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), oxidative stress and immunological markers were measured. Total counts of lactobacilli and L. plantarum Inducia were evaluated using real-time PCR. Significant reduction of total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c) and non-high-density cholesterol occurred in both trials. The change in cholesterol (P=0.023) in persons with normal BMI and borderline cholesterol levels after four weeks of yoghurt consumption was detected. A difference was also found between placebo and test yoghurt groups (P=0.042) in LDL-c with normal BMI. Blood glucose reduction (P=0.01) and antioxidative effect was detected in overweight volunteers of the test yoghurt group. The suppression of oxidised LDL was associated with lowered oxidative stress index and total peroxide concentration values and faecal recovery of Inducia. The Inducia strain expresses antioxidative effect on blood lipids and has anti-glycaemic impact that allow to apply it as dietary probiotic supplement for the management of CVD risks in humans.
Provision of High Protein Foods Slows the Age-Related Decline in Nutritional Status in Aged Care Residents: A Cluster-Randomised Controlled Trial.; OBJECTIVES: Malnutrition, particularly protein insufficiency, is common in institutionalised older adults and increases morbidity, mortality, and costs. We aimed to determine whether 12 months supplementation using high-protein foods (milk, cheese, yoghurt) prevents malnutrition in older adults., DESIGN: Cluster randomised control study., SETTING: Sixty Australian aged care facilities., PARTICIPANTS: Older adults living in aged care homes (n=654, mean age 86.7+/-7.2 years, 72% females). Intervention Facilities randomly allocated to a high-protein (n=30 intervention) or regular (n=30 controls) menu., MEASUREMENTS: Nutritional status assessed using the Mini Nutrition Assessment (MNA) tool and fasting morning blood samples (n=302) assayed for haemoglobin (Hb) and albumin. Food intake was monitored 3-monthly using visual plate waste assessment. Measurements at baseline and month 12 were analysed using random effects model accounting for clustering (facility), repeated measure and confounders., RESULTS: Addition of 11g of protein as 1.5 servings of high-protein foods daily preserved nutritional status that deteriorated in controls [MNA screen (-0.68, 95%CI: -1.03, -0.32, p<0.001) and total (-0.90, 95%CI: -1.45, -0.35, p=0.001) scores], resulting in group differences in MNA screen (0.62, 95%CI: 0.17, 1.06, p=0.007) and total (0.81, 95%CI: 0.11, 1.51, p=0.023) scores and group difference in Hb (3.60g/L, 95%CI: 0.18, 7.03, p=0.039), the net result of preservation with intervention (0.19g/L, 95%CI: -2.04, 2.42, p=0.896) and a decline in controls (-3.41g/L, 95%CI: -6.01, -0.82, p=0.010). No group differences were observed for serum albumin., CONCLUSION: Consumption of high-protein foods is a pragmatic approach to maintaining nutritional status in older adults in aged-care.
Impact of Acculturation on Cancer Prevention Dietary Patterns among Hispanic Families with a High Prevalence of Obesity.; This study aimed to 1) examine the relationship between dietary intake and cancer prevention nutrition recommendations among Hispanic families, 2) differences in daily dietary intake by acculturation category and nativity (US born vs non-US born) status. Baseline data was used from a randomized clinical trial evaluating the efficacy of an obesity preventive intervention in Hispanic youth. Participants were 280 Hispanic parents (11.8% males, 88.2% females, Mage=41.87 +/- 6.49; MBody Mass Index (BMI)=30.62 +/- 5.68) and their adolescents (47.9% males, 52.1% females, Mage=13.01 +/- 0.83; MBMI Percentile=94.55 +/- 4.15). Intake of added sugar, dairy, whole grains, and fruits/vegetables were obtained. Participants were categorized into four acculturation categories based on Berry's acculturation model: Marginalization, Integration, Separation, and Assimilation. Results indicated that sugar intake was significantly higher than the recommendations among all adolescents' cultural categories but not in parents. Among adolescents the consumption of whole grains was lower in integration and assimilation, dairy was lower in integration, separation, and assimilation, and fruits/vegetables was lower among marginalization, integration, and assimilation categories than the recommendations. Parents' daily intake of whole grains, dairy, and fruits/vegetables were significantly lower than the recommendations across all the acculturation categories. Participants did not meet the healthy recommendations for cancer prevention regardless of their acculturation and nativity status.
Consumption of kefir made with traditional microorganisms resulted in greater improvements in LDL cholesterol and plasma markers of inflammation in males when compared to a commercial kefir: a randomized pilot study.; Kefir has long been associated with health benefits; however, recent evidence suggests that these benefits are dependent on the specific microbial composition of the kefir consumed. This study aimed to compare how consumption of a commercial kefir without traditional kefir organisms and a pitched kefir containing traditional organisms affected plasma lipid levels, glucose homeostasis, and markers of endothelial function and inflammation in males with elevated LDL cholesterol. We utilized a crossover design in n = 21 participants consisting of two treatments of 4 weeks each in random order separated by a 4-week washout. Participants received either commercial kefir or pitched kefir containing traditional kefir organisms for each treatment period. Participants consumed 2 servings of kefir (350 g) per day. Plasma lipid profile, glucose, insulin, markers of endothelial function, and inflammation were measured in the fasting state before and after each treatment period. Differences within each treatment period and comparison of treatment delta values were performed using paired t tests and Wilcoxon signed-rank test, respectively. When compared to baseline, pitched kefir consumption reduced LDL-C, ICAM-1, and VCAM-1, while commercial kefir consumption increased TNF-alpha. Pitched kefir consumption resulted in greater reductions in IL-8, CRP, VCAM-1, and TNF-alpha when compared to commercial kefir consumption. These findings provide strong evidence that microbial composition is an important factor in the metabolic health benefits associated with kefir consumption. They also provide support for larger studies examining these to assess whether traditional kefir organisms are necessary to confer health benefits to individuals at risk of developing cardiovascular disease.
Effect of milk protein and whey permeate in large quantity lipid-based nutrient supplement on linear growth and body composition among stunted children: A randomized 2 x 2 factorial trial in Uganda.; BACKGROUND: Despite possible benefits for growth, milk is costly to include in foods for undernourished children. Furthermore, the relative effects of different milk components, milk protein (MP), and whey permeate (WP) are unclear. We aimed to assess the effects of MP and WP in lipid-based nutrient supplement (LNS), and of LNS itself, on linear growth and body composition among stunted children., METHODS AND FINDINGS: We performed a randomized, double-blind, 2 x 2 factorial trial among 12 to 59 months old stunted children in Uganda. Children were randomized to 4 formulations of LNS with MP or soy protein isolate and WP or maltodextrin (100 g/day for 12 weeks) or no supplementation. Investigators and outcome assessors were blinded; however, participants were only blinded to the ingredients in LNS. Data were analyzed based on intention-to-treat (ITT) using linear mixed-effects models adjusted for age, sex, season, and site. Primary outcomes were change in height and knee-heel length, and secondary outcomes included body composition by bioimpedance analysis (ISRCTN13093195). Between February and September 2020, we enrolled 750 children with a median age of 30 (interquartile range 23 to 41) months, with mean (+/- standard deviation) height-for-age z-score (HAZ) -3.02 +/- 0.74 and 12.7% (95) were breastfed. The 750 children were randomized to LNS (n = 600) with or without MP (n = 299 versus n = 301) and WP (n = 301 versus n = 299), or no supplementation (n = 150); 736 (98.1%), evenly distributed between groups, completed 12-week follow-up. Eleven serious adverse events occurred in 10 (1.3%) children, mainly hospitalization with malaria and anemia, all deemed unrelated to the intervention. Unsupplemented children had 0.06 (95% confidence interval, CI [0.02, 0.10]; p = 0.015) decline in HAZ, accompanied by 0.29 (95% CI [0.20, 0.39]; p < 0.001) kg/m2 increase in fat mass index (FMI), but 0.06 (95% CI [-0.002; 0.12]; p = 0.057) kg/m2 decline in fat-free mass index (FFMI). There were no interactions between MP and WP. The main effects of MP were 0.03 (95% CI [-0.10, 0.16]; p = 0.662) cm in height and 0.2 (95% CI [-0.3, 0.7]; p = 0.389) mm in knee-heel length. The main effects of WP were -0.08 (95% CI [-0.21, 0.05]; p = 220) cm and -0.2 (95% CI [-0.7; 0.3]; p = 403) mm, respectively. Interactions were found between WP and breastfeeding with respect to linear growth (p < 0.02), due to positive effects among breastfed and negative effects among non-breastfed children. Overall, LNS resulted in 0.56 (95% CI [0.42, 0.70]; p < 0.001) cm height increase, corresponding to 0.17 (95% CI [0.13, 0.21]; p < 0.001) HAZ increase, and 0.21 (95% CI [0.14, 0.28]; p < 0.001) kg weight increase, of which 76.5% (95% CI [61.9; 91.1]) was fat-free mass. Using height-adjusted indicators, LNS increased FFMI (0.07 kg/m2, 95% CI [0.0001; 0.13]; p = 0.049), but not FMI (0.01 kg/m2, 95% CI [-0.10, 0.12]; p = 0.800). Main limitations were lack of blinding of caregivers and short study duration., CONCLUSIONS: Adding dairy to LNS has no additional effects on linear growth or body composition in stunted children aged 12 to 59 months. However, supplementation with LNS, irrespective of milk, supports linear catch-up growth and accretion of fat-free mass, but not fat mass. If left untreated, children already on a stunting trajectory gain fat at the expense of fat-free mass, thus nutrition programs to treat such children should be considered., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ISRCTN13093195. Copyright: © 2023 Mbabazi et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Plum-blossom needle tapping enhances the efficacy of ALA photodynamic therapy for facial actinic keratosis in Chinese population: a randomized, multicenter, prospective, and observer-blind study.; BACKGROUND: Photodynamic therapy (PDT) with 5-aminolevulinic acid (ALA) is a reliable treatment for actinic keratosis (AK), but its effect needs to be enhanced in thick lesions. Plum-blossom needle is a traditional Chinese cost-effective instrument for enhancing the transdermal delivery of ALA. However, whether it could improve the efficacy of AK treatment has not yet been investigated., OBJECTIVE: To compare the efficacy and safety of plum-blossom needle-assisted PDT in facial AK in the Chinese population., METHODS: In this multicenter, prospective study, a total of 142 patients with AKs (grades I-III) were randomized into the plum-blossom needle-assisted PDT group (P-PDT) and control PDT group (C-PDT). In the P-PDT group, each AK lesion was tapped vertically by a plum-blossom needle before the application of 10% ALA cream. In the C-PDT group, each lesion was only wiped with regular saline before ALA cream incubation. Then, 3 hours later, all the lesions were irradiated with light-emitting diode (LED) at a wavelength of 630 nm. PDT was performed once every 2 weeks until all lesion patients achieved complete remission or completed six sessions. The efficacy (lesion response) and safety (pain scale and adverse events) in both groups were evaluated before each treatment and at every follow-up visit at 3-month intervals until 12 months., RESULTS: In the P-PDT and C-PDT groups, the clearance rates for all AK lesions after the first treatment were 57.9% and 48.0%, respectively (P < 0.05). For grade I AK lesions, the clearance rates were 56.5% and 50.4%, respectively (P = 0.34). For grade II AK lesions, the clearance rates were 58.0% and 48.9%, respectively (P = 0.1). For grade III AK lesions, the clearance rates were 59.0% and 44.2%, respectively (P < 0.05). Moreover, grade III AK lesions in the P-PDT group required fewer treatment sessions (P < 0.05). There was no significant difference in the pain score between the two groups (P = 0.752)., CONCLUSION: Plum-blossom needle tapping may enhance the efficacy of ALA-PDT by facilitating ALA delivery in the treatment of AK. Copyright © 2023. Published by Elsevier B.V.
Environment- and epigenome-wide association study of obesity in 'Children of 1997' birth cohort.; Background: Increasing childhood obesity is a global issue requiring potentially local solutions to ensure it does not continue into adulthood. We systematically identified potentially modifiable targets of obesity at the onset and end of puberty in Hong Kong, the most economically developed major Chinese city., Methods: We conducted an environment-wide association study (EWAS) and an epigenome-wide association study of obesity to systematically assess associations with body mass index (BMI) and waist-hip ratio (WHR) in Hong Kong's population-representative 'Children of 1997' birth cohort. Univariable linear regression was used to select exposures related to obesity at ~11.5 years (BMI and obesity risk n <= 7119, WHR n = 5691) and ~17.6 years (n = 3618) at Bonferroni-corrected significance, and multivariable regression to adjust for potential confounders followed by replicated multivariable regression (n = 308) and CpG by CpG analysis (n = 286) at ~23 years. Findings were compared with evidence from published randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and Mendelian randomization (MR) studies., Results: At ~11.5 and~17.6 years the EWAS identified 14 and 37 exposures associated with BMI, as well as 7 and 12 associated with WHR, respectively. Most exposures had directionally consistent associations at ~23 years. Maternal second-hand smoking, maternal weight, and birth weight were consistently associated with obesity. Diet (including dairy intake and artificially sweetened beverages), physical activity, snoring, binge eating, and earlier puberty were positively associated with BMI at ~17.6 years, while eating before sleep was inversely associated with BMI at ~17.6 years. Findings for birth weight, dairy intake, and binge eating are consistent with available evidence from RCTs or MR studies. We found 17 CpGs related to BMI and 17 to WHR., Conclusions: These novel insights into potentially modifiable factors associated with obesity at the outset and the end of puberty could, if causal, inform future interventions to improve population health in Hong Kong and similar Chinese settings., Funding: This study including the follow-up survey and epigenetics testing was supported by the Health and Medical Research Fund Research Fellowship, Food and Health Bureau, Hong Kong SAR Government (#04180097). The DNA extraction of the samples used for epigenetic testing was supported by CFS-HKU1. Copyright © 2023, Zhao, Fan et al.
Effects of Kefir Consumption on Cardiometabolic Risk Factors: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.; BACKGROUND: Fermentation of lactose in milk by bacteria and yeasts naturally present in kefir grains produces a beverage that has been suggested to have cardiovascular benefits. This systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) aimed to evaluate the effects of this kefir beverage on cardiometabolic risk factors., METHODS: Literature search utilised PubMed, Scopus, ISI Web of Science, and Google Scholar for articles published from inception until June 2021. Cardiometabolic risk indices extracted included insulin and insulin resistance (HOMA_IR), total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), fasting blood sugar (FBS), haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) and body weight (BW). In total, six RCTs (314 subjects) were selected for the meta-analysis. Inverse-variance weighted mean difference (WMD) with a 95% confidence interval (CI) was calculated for the mean changes in TC, TG, HDL-C, LDL-C, FBS, HbA1c and BW compared to baseline. A random effects model was used to estimate the pooled WMD., RESULTS: Kefir intake significantly reduced fasting insulin (WMD: -3.69 micro-IU/mL,95% CI: -6.30 to -1.07, p = 0.006, I2 = 0.0%) and HOMA-IR (WMD: -2.56, 95% CI: -3.82 to -1.30, p<0.001, I2 = 19.4%). No effect on TC (p = 0.088), TG (p = 0.824), HDL-C (p = 0.491), LDL-C (p = 0.910), FBS (p = 0.267), HbA1c (p = 0.339) or body weight (p = 0.439) were found for kefir treatment., CONCLUSION: Kefir has a beneficial effect in decreasing insulin resistance; however, no effect was seen on BW, FBS, HbA1C, and lipid profile. Copyright© Bentham Science Publishers; For any queries, please email at epub@benthamscience.net.
Effect of melatonin cream on acute radiation dermatitis in patients with primary breast cancer: A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.; AIM: This was a double-blind, placebo-controlled randomized study investigating whether melatonin can protect against radiation dermatitis in women receiving radiation therapy for primary breast cancer., METHODS: Patients were included before radiation therapy and followed once weekly throughout treatment with a 3-week follow-up. Patients applied 1 g of cream to the irradiated skin twice daily, consisting of either 25 mg/g melatonin and 150 mg/g dimethyl sulfoxide, or placebo. Our outcomes were the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group's (RTOG) acute radiation morbidity scoring criteria for skin, a pixel analysis of erythema in clinical photographs, and patients' use of corticosteroid cream. Outcomes were evaluated once weekly throughout the trial. The primary outcomes were RTOG-score and pixel analysis at 2 weeks follow-up. Secondary outcomes were the use of corticosteroid cream and analyses of RTOG-scores and pixel analyses throughout the trial., RESULTS: Sixty-five patients were included, 17 dropped out, totaling 26 and 22 patients randomized to melatonin and placebo, respectively. RTOG-scores and pixel analyses at 2 weeks follow-up showed no difference p = .441 and p = .890, respectively). There was no difference in the use of corticosteroid cream (p = .055). Using logistic regression, the melatonin group had a higher likelihood of having a low RTOG-score (p = .0016). The logistic regression showed no difference between the groups for the pixel analyses., CONCLUSION: Our primary outcome showed no difference in RTOG-scores at 2 weeks follow-up, however, the RTOG-score over the entire duration of the study demonstrated a protective effect of melatonin. Further studies are warranted investigating higher doses of melatonin, and whether corticosteroids may influence the effect of melatonin cream against radiation dermatitis. Copyright © 2023 The Authors. Journal of Pineal Research published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Fermented Bamboo Fiber Improves Productive Performance by Regulating Gut Microbiota and Inhibiting Chronic Inflammation of Sows and Piglets during Late Gestation and Lactation.; Sows exhibit metabolic syndrome and significant changes in intestinal microbiota during late gestation and lactation, affecting sow performance and piglet health. Dietary fiber (DF) is widely applied to improve sow performance by modulating gut microbiota and their by-products. Here, 60 sows were randomly allocated to groups, including CON (8% wheat bran), FBF-1 (1% fermented bamboo fiber), FBF-2 (2.5% fermented bamboo fiber), and FBF-3 (4% fermented bamboo fiber) from day 80 of gestation (G80d) to the end of lactation (L21d). Compared with CON, the FBF-3 diet decreased lactation backfat loss, increased average daily feed intake (ADFI) during lactation, and the weight gain of piglets, while supplementation of FBF increased fecal water content and reduced the rate of constipation in sows. Further, the yield and quality of milk of sows in FBF groups were improved. The FBF-3 diet significantly reduced markers of intestinal permeability (diamine oxidase and endotoxin) and systemic inflammation (interleukin-6 [IL-6] and tumor necrosis factor alpha) in sow serum during lactation, while it increased the anti-inflammatory marker (IL-10). Similarly, the piglets in the FBF-2 and FBF-3 groups had lower levels of IL-6 and higher levels of IgG, IgM, and insulin-like growth factor in serum. In addition, sows fed the 4% FBF diet had higher levels of acetate, propionate, butyrate, and total short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) in feces than CON, and total SCFAs were promoted in piglets from the FBF-3 group. Spearman correlation analysis showed that immunity, inflammation, and intestinal microbiota are closely related to sow performance, which can affect piglet growth. The potential mechanism could be that FBF promoted the enrichment of beneficial genera such as Lachnospira, Lachnospiracea_XPB1014_Group, and Roseburia and the production of SCFAs in the sow's intestine, and reduced the relative abundance of harmful bacteria such as Fusobacterium, Sutterellaceae, and Sutterella. Meanwhile, the intake of FBF by sows affected the gut microbial composition of their offspring piglets, significantly increasing the relative abundance of beneficial bacteria Alistipes and Lachnoclostridium and decreasing the relative abundance of pathogenic bacteria Trueperella among colonic microorganisms. IMPORTANCE Dietary fiber is widely applied in the nutrition of sows due to its potential value in improving performance and intestinal health. Fermented bamboo fiber, rich in dietary fiber, has not been fully evaluated to be used in sow diets. Sows mobilize body reserves during gestation and lactation due to nutrients being prioritized for lactation purposes while feeding piglets, which generally leads to metabolism and immunity undergoing drastic changes. The main manifestations are increased inflammation and intestinal permeability and disturbed intestinal flora, which ultimately reduces the ADFI and milk quality, thus affecting the growth of piglets. The study described here is the first attempt to provide FBF for sows in late gestation and lactation can reverse this process. The 4% FBF was initially explored to have the most significantly beneficial effect. It provides a potentially effective method for dietary modification to control the gut microbiota and its metabolites to improve sow and piglet health. Moreover, the sow-piglet model offers a reference for investigating the impact of dietary fiber on the intestinal health of human mothers and infants.
Human Milk Oligosaccharides Are Associated with Lactation Stage and Lewis Phenotype in a Chinese Population.; BACKGROUND: Human milk oligosaccharides (HMOs) are the third most abundant component of human milk. Various factors may affect the concentration of HMOs, such as the lactation period, Lewis blood type, and the maternal secretor gene status., OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this study is to investigate factors associated with HMO concentrations in Chinese populations., METHODS: A sub-sample of 481 was randomly selected from a large cross-sectional study in China (n = 6481) conducted in eight provinces (Beijing, Heilongjiang, Shanghai, Yunnan, Gansu, Guangdong, Zhejiang, and Shandong) between 2011 and 2013. HMO concentrations were determined by a high-throughput UPLC-MRM method. Various factors were collected through face-to-face interviews. Anthropometric measurement was conducted by trained staff., RESULTS: Median total HMO concentration was 13.6 g/L, 10.7 g/L, and 6.0 g/L for colostrum, transitional milk, and mature milk, respectively. HMO concentration decreased significantly as the lactation period increased (p < 0.0001). There were significant differences of average total HMO concentration between secretor mothers and non-secretor mothers (secretor 11.3 g/L vs. non-secretor 5.8 g/L, p < 0.0001). There were significant differences of average total HMO concentrations among three Lewis blood types (p = 0.003). Comparing with the concentration of total oligosaccharides of Le+ (a-b+), average of total oligosaccharides concentrations increased by 3.9 (Le+ (a+b-), p = 0.004) and 1.1 g/L (Le- (a-b-), p = 0.049). The volume of breast milk expressed and the province the mother came from affected the concentration of total oligosaccharides (all p < 0.0001). Maternal BMI (p = 0.151), age (p = 0.630), prematurity (p = 0.850), mode of delivery (p = 0.486), infants' gender (p = 0.685), maternal education level (p = 0.989), maternal occupation (p = 0.568), maternal allergic history (p = 0.370), maternal anemia (p = 0.625), pregnancy-induced hypertension (p = 0.739), gestational diabetes (p = 0.514), and parity (p = 0.098) were not significantly correlated with the concentration of milk oligosaccharides. The concentrations of 2'-fucosyllactose (2'-FL), lacto-N-neotetraose (LNnT), sialyllacto-N-tetraose c (LSTc), lacto-N-fucopentaose I (LNFP-I), disialylated lacto-N-tetraose (DSLNT), difucosyl-para-lacto-N-neohexaose (DFpLNnH), difucosyl-lacto-N-hexaose (DFLNH[a]), and 3-sialyllactose (3'-SL) showed a gradual downward trend, while the concentration of 3-fucosyllactose (3-FL) showed a gradual upward trend among three lactation stages (p < 0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: The concentration of HMOs changes throughout lactation, and it varies between different HMOs. HMO concentrations differed between lactation stage, maternal secretor gene status, Lewis blood type, volume of breast milk expressed, and the province the mother came from. Prematurity, mode of delivery, parity, infants' gender, and maternal characteristics did not affect the HMO concentration. Geographical region may be not associated with HMOs concentration in human milk. There may be a mechanism for co-regulation of the secretion of some of the oligosaccharides such as 2'FL vs. 3FL, 2'FL vs. LNnT, and lacto-N-tetraose (LNT).
Neither Chia Flour nor Whey Protein Supplementation Further Improves Body Composition or Strength Gains after a Resistance Training Program in Young Subjects with a Habitual High Daily Protein Intake.; The aim of this study was to compare the potential additional effect of chia flour, whey protein, and a placebo juice to resistance training on fat-free mass (FFM) and strength gains in untrained young men. Eighteen healthy, untrained young men underwent an 8-week whole-body resistance training program, comprising three sessions per week. Subjects were randomized into three groups that after each training session consumed: (1) 30 g whey protein concentrate containing 23 g protein (WG), (2) 50 g chia flour containing 20 g protein (CG), or (3) a placebo not containing protein (PG). Strength tests (lower- and upper-limb one repetition maximum (1 RM) tests) and body composition analyses (dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry; DXA) were performed before (PRE) and after (POST) the intervention. Resistance training increased FFM and the 1 RM for each of the strength tests similarly in the three groups. FFM increased by 2.3% in WG (p = 0.04), by 3.6% in CG (p = 0.004), and by 3.0% in PG (p = 0.002). , and 1 RM increased in the different strength tests in the three groups (p < 0.05) with no difference between PG, CG, and WG. In conclusion, neither chia flour nor whey protein supplementation elicited an enhanced effect on FFM and strength gains after an 8-week resistance training program in healthy, untrained young men consuming a habitual high protein mixed diet (>1.2 g/kg/day).
Effect of probiotic yogurt consumption on glycemic control and lipid profile in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a common endocrine disease. Altered gut microbiota (Dysbiosis) is closely associated with development of T2DM. Growing body of evidence hypothesized that probiotics intake may be useful for patients with T2DM. We investigated the effect of probiotic yogurt consumption on glycemic control and lipid profile in patients with T2DM., METHODS: In this 12-week randomized controlled clinical trial, seventy-two patients with T2DM were randomly assigned to the intervention group (IG) that received 200 g/d probiotic yogurt containing 4.65 x 106 CFU/g Lactobacillus acidophilus and Bifidobacterium lactis) or placebo group (PG) that received 200 g/d conventional yogurt., RESULTS: We found no difference between two groups in fasting plasma glucose (FPG), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-c) and low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-c) after intervention. After adjusting for baseline values of covariate, a significant reduction in HbA1c (mean change: -0.76 +/- 1.3 vs. -0.15 +/- 1.3; P = 0.01), TC (mean change: -10.61 +/- 27.8 vs. -2.97 +/- 35.0; P = 0.02) and LDL-c (mean change: -8.62 +/- 21.7 vs. 0.02 +/- 25.8; P = 0.004) was observed in the IG compared to the PG. In addition, a non-significant trend to reduction was observed in term of FPG (mean change: -19.61 +/- 29.1 vs. -4.19 +/- 24.2; P = 0.13). TG and HDL-c remained unchanged., CONCLUSIONS: Probiotic yogurt consumption may be useful for patients with T2DM. More well-designed clinical trials with longer intervention duration are required. Registered on 30 July 2022 at Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials (IRCT20220226054125N1) with URL: https://www.irct.ir/trial/62304. Copyright © 2023 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of antenatal milk expression education on lactation outcomes in birthing people with pre-pregnancy body mass index >=25: protocol for a randomized, controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Birthing people with pre-pregnancy body mass indices (BMIs) >= 25 kg/m2, particularly those without prior breastfeeding experience, are at increased risk for suboptimal lactation outcomes. Antenatal milk expression (AME) may be one way to counteract the negative effects of early infant formula supplementation common in this population., METHODS: This ongoing, randomized controlled trial in the United States evaluates the efficacy of a telelactation-delivered AME education intervention versus an attention control condition on lactation outcomes to 1 year postpartum among 280 nulliparous-to-primiparous, non-diabetic birthing people with pre-pregnancy BMI >= 25 kg/m2. The assigned study treatment is delivered via four weekly online video consultations between gestational weeks 37-40. Participants assigned to AME meet with study personnel and a lactation consultant to learn and practice AME. Instructions are provided for home practice of AME between study visits. Control group participants view videos on infant care/development at study visits. Participants complete emailed surveys at enrollment (340/7-366/7 gestational weeks) and 2 weeks, 6 weeks, 12 weeks, 6 months, and 12 months postpartum. Surveys assess lactation and infant feeding practices; breastfeeding self-efficacy, attitudes, and satisfaction; perception of insufficient milk; onset of lactogenesis-II; lactation support and problems; and reasons for breastfeeding cessation. Surveys also assess factors associated with lactation outcomes, including demographic characteristics, health problems, birth trauma, racial discrimination, and weight stigma. Health information and infant feeding data are abstracted from the pregnancy and birth center electronic health record. Milk samples are collected from the intervention group at each study visit and from both groups at each postpartum follow-up for future analyses. Qualitative interviews are conducted at 6 weeks postpartum to understand AME experiences. Primary outcomes of interest are breastfeeding exclusivity and breastfeeding self-efficacy scores at 2 weeks postpartum. Outcomes will be examined longitudinally with generalized linear mixed-effects modeling., DISCUSSION: This is the first adequately powered trial evaluating the effectiveness of AME among U.S. birthing people and within a non-diabetic population with pre-pregnancy BMI >= 25 kg/m2. This study will also provide the first evidence of acceptability and effectiveness of telelactation-delivered AME., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT04258709. Copyright © 2023. The Author(s).
Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D response to vitamin D supplementation using different lipid delivery systems in middle-aged and older adults: a randomised controlled trial.; Food fortification improves vitamin D intakes but is not yet mandated in many countries. Combining vitamin D with different dietary lipids altered vitamin D absorption in in vitro and postprandial studies. This randomised, placebo-controlled trial examined the effect of the lipid composition of a vitamin D-fortified dairy drink on change in 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) concentrations. Sixty-three healthy adults aged 50+ years were randomised to one of the following for 4 weeks: vitamin D-fortified olive oil dairy drink, vitamin D-fortified coconut oil dairy drink, vitamin D supplement or placebo control dairy drink. All vitamin D groups received 20 microg of vitamin D3 daily. Serum was collected at baseline and post-intervention to measure 25(OH)D concentrations and biomarkers of metabolic health. Repeated-measures general linear model ANCOVA (RM GLM ANCOVA) compared changes over time. There was a significant time x treatment interaction effect on 25(OH)D concentrations for those classified as vitamin D-insufficient (P < 0.001) and -sufficient at baseline (P = 0.004). 25(OH)D concentrations increased significantly for all insufficient participants receiving vitamin D3 in any form. However, for vitamin D-sufficient participants at baseline, 25(OH)D concentrations only increased significantly with the coconut oil dairy drink and supplement. There was no effect of vitamin D on biomarkers of metabolic health. Vitamin D fortification of lipid-containing foods may be used in lieu of supplementation when supplement adherence is low or for individuals with dysphagia. These results are important given the recent recommendation to increase vitamin D intakes to 15-20 microg for older adults in Ireland.
Micronutrient, Metabolic, and Inflammatory Biomarkers through 24 Months of Age in Infants Receiving Formula with Added Bovine Milk Fat Globule Membrane through the First Year of Life: A Randomized Controlled Trial.; BACKGROUND: Bovine milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) added in infant formula supports typical growth and safety through 24 mo of age in term infants., OBJECTIVES: To assess micronutrient (zinc, iron, ferritin, transferrin receptor), metabolic [glucose, insulin, Homeostatic Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR), insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), triglycerides (TGs), total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C)], and inflammatory (leptin, adiponectin, high sensitivity C-reactive protein) secondary outcomes through 24 mo of age in infants who received standard cow's milk-based infant formula (SF), similar formula with added bovine MFGM (EF), or human milk (HM) through 1 y., METHODS: Infants whose parents agreed to a blood draw at baseline (<120 d of age) (SF = 80; EF = 80; HM = 83) were included. Subsequent collections (2-4 h fasting) occurred at D180, D365, and D730. Biomarker concentrations were analyzed and group changes tested using generalized estimating equations models., RESULTS: Only serum iron (+22.1 mug/dL) and HDL-C (+2.5 mg/dL) were significantly higher for EF compared with SF at D730. Prevalence of zinc deficiency for EF (-17.4%) and SF (-16.6%) at D180 and depleted iron stores for SF (+21.4%) at D180 and EF (-34.6%) and SF (-28.0%) at D365 were significantly different compared with HM. IGF-1 (ng/mL) for EF and SF was significantly higher at D180 (+8.9) and for EF (+8.8) at D365, and (+14.5) at D730 compared with HM. Insulin (muUI/mL) for EF (+2.5) and SF (+5.8) and HOMA-IR for EF (+0.5) and SF (+0.6) were significantly higher compared with HM at D180. TGs (mg/dL) for SF (+23.9) at D180, for EF (+19.0) and SF (+17.8) at D365, and EF (+17.3) and SF (+14.5) at D730 were significantly higher compared with HM. Zinc, ferritin, glucose, LDL-C and total cholesterol changes were higher in formula groups compared with HM between various time points., CONCLUSIONS: Micronutrient, metabolic, and inflammatory biomarkers were generally similar through 2 y in infants who received infant formula with or without added bovine MFGM. Over the 2 y, differences were observed between infant formulas and HM reference group. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NTC02626143. Copyright © 2022 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of Probiotic Supplementation on Nutrient Intake, Ghrelin, and Adiponectin Concentrations in Diabetic Hemodialysis Patients.; Objective: The paper aimed to explore the effect of probiotic supplementation on nutrient intake, Ghrelin, and adiponectin concentrations in diabetic hemodialysis patients., Methods: A total of 86 patients with diabetic nephropathy who received hemodialysis treatment in the Department of Nephrology of the First People's Hospital of Shanghai from May 2019 to March 2021 were selected as the research subjects, including 52 male patients and 34 female patients, with an average age of 56.57 +/- 4.28. According to the research protocol, the patients were divided into the control group (n = 30) and the observation group (n = 56). In the control group, dietary soybean milk was used as a placebo. In the observation group, capsules containing probiotics Lactobacillus acidophilus, Lactobacillus casei, and Bifidobacterium were taken with soybean milk. All patients signed an informed consent form before being included in the study. The results of the experimental biochemical analysis and the archived data counted the general data of the patients. Plasma adiponectin concentrations were measured with a commercially available human enzyme immunoassay kit. Ghrelin concentrations were estimated by specific commercial methods. Correlation software was used to calculate patient nutritional intake data. Serum creatinine, insulin resistance, fasting blood glucose, and levels of oxidative stress and inflammatory factors were measured using appropriate biochemical assays., Results: There was no difference in baseline characteristics between the two groups (P > .05). Before treatment, there was no difference in serum adiponectin concentration between the two groups (P > .05). After treatment, the serum adiponectin concentration in the observation group was lower than in the control group (P < .05). Before treatment, there was no difference in serum ghrelin levels between the two groups (P > .05). After treatment, serum ghrelin levels in the observation group were higher than in the control group (P < .05). Before treatment, there was no difference in nutrient intake between the two groups (P > .05). After treatment, the nutrient intake in the observation group was higher than in the control group (P < .05). Serum creatinine, fasting blood glucose, urine protein/creatinine ratio, and HOMA-IR in the observation group were lower than in the control group (P < .05). The serum levels of malondialdehyde, C-reactive protein, and TNF-alpha in the observation group were lower than those in the control group (P < .05), and the levels of glutathione in the observation group were higher than those in the control group (P < .05)., Conclusion: Supplementation of probiotics in DN dialysis patients can increase serum ghrelin concentration, increase nutrient intake through appetite regulation, and reduce adiponectin level, which is beneficial to blood sugar control, insulin resistance, and renal function.
[Whey protein and caseinate supplementation in oncological patients undergoing elective surgery for the modification of functional capacity].; Introduction: Introduction: the nutritional intervention has become a critical point to achieve the reduction of perioperative morbidity and mortality in cancer patients. There are different factors that will play a fundamental role in the evolution and prognosis of this pathology, being the state of nutrition and diet a cornerstone in these aspects. Objective: to evaluate the perioperative effect of whey protein isolate (WPI) and calcium caseinate (CaCNT) in cancer patients undergoing elective surgery. Methods: randomized controlled clinical trial with three groups: the control group (n = 15), consisting in conventional management by the oncology surgery services, and two intervention groups, one with calcium caseinate supplementation (n = 15) and another one with whey protein isolate supplementation (n = 15) for six weeks perioperatively. Handgrip strength, six-minute walk, and body composition were assessed pre and postoperatively. Results: those who were supplemented with WPI maintained their handgrip strength and showed less extracellular water (p < 0.02); also an increase in visceral mass was shown (p < 0.02). Finally, a correlation was found with variables associated with body composition and patient evolution when compared to the control group. Conclusions : nutritional supplementation needs to be approached from the functional and metabolic point of view to identify factors that have a favorable impact, as well as the distinction between carcinoma and the type of supplementation to be implemented.
Agave fructans enhance the effects of fermented milk products on obesity biomarkers: a randomised trial.; Dysbiosis has been implicated in childhood obesity. Oral intake of fermented milk containing Lacticaseibacillus casei strain Shirota preserves gut microbiota (GM) diversity in children and adults. This study was a double-blind trial involving 37 overweight or obese children aged 6-10 years. Children were followed over a 6-week intervention period in which they received different fermented milk products containing L. casei Shirota: 10 in the first group received just L. casei Shirota; 13 received L. casei Shirota with 3 g/day of inulin (L. casei+inulin); and 14 received L. casei Shirota with 3 g/day of fructans from Agave salmiana (L. casei+fructans). Principal component analysis showed the relationship between microbial abundance, GM metabolites, and other obesity-related markers. Supplementation with probiotics and synbiotics improved the HDL-cholesterol levels of overweight and obese children, although no changes in body composition were detected. We observed an increase in butyrate or propionate concentrations in the L. casei+fructans group compared to the end of the intervention (P<0.03). A diminished level of ANGPTL4 within the L. casei+fructans group (P=0.04) was also found, but no differences when lipopolysaccharide-binding protein was evaluated. The FFAR2+ cell frequency decreased between baseline and at the end of 6-week intervention in L. casei+inulin (P=0.02) and L. casei+fructans groups (P=0.04). In contrast, the percentage of CD14+FFAR3+ frequency increased in the same groups (P=0.04). The L. casei Shirota with inulin or fructans modulates GM, which improves the lipid profile and changes at a molecular level, such as expression of FFAR3 and FFAR2, ANGPTL4, propionate, and butyrate. It, therefore, could be considered an interesting therapeutic possibility for treating childhood overweight and obesity. The study was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov (ID: NCT05423015).
Low-Protein Formulas with Alpha-Lactalbumin-Enriched or Glycomacropeptide-Reduced Whey: Effects on Growth, Nutrient Intake and Protein Metabolism during Early Infancy: A Randomized, Double-Blinded Controlled Trial.; Protein intake is higher in formula-fed than in breast-fed infants during infancy, which may lead to an increased risk of being overweight. Applying alpha-lactalbumin (alpha-lac)-enriched whey or casein glycomacropeptide (CGMP)-reduced whey to infant formula may enable further reduction of formula protein by improving the amino acid profile. Growth, nutrient intake, and protein metabolites were evaluated in a randomized, prospective, double-blinded intervention trial where term infants received standard formula (SF:2.2 g protein/100 kcal; n = 83) or low-protein formulas with alpha-lac-enriched whey (alpha-lac-EW;1.75 g protein/100 kcal; n = 82) or CGMP-reduced whey (CGMP-RW;1.76 g protein/100 kcal; n = 80) from 2 to 6 months. Breast-fed infants (BF; n = 83) served as reference. Except between 4 and 6 months, when weight gain did not differ between alpha-lac-EW and BF (p = 0.16), weight gain was higher in all formula groups compared to BF. Blood urea nitrogen did not differ between low-protein formula groups and BF during intervention, but was lower than in SF. Essential amino acids were similar or higher in alpha-lac-EW and CGMP-RW compared to BF. Conclusion : Low-protein formulas enriched with alpha-lac-enriched or CGMP-reduced whey supports adequate growth, with more similar weight gain in alpha-lac-enriched formula group and BF, and with metabolic profiles closer to that of BF infants.
Hindmilk as a Rescue Therapy in Very Preterm Infants with Suboptimal Growth Velocity.; Despite advances in neonatal nutrition, very preterm infants remain at increased risk of extrauterine growth faltering. This prospective study aimed to examine the effect of hindmilk, the milk at the end of a breast expression session, on growth and plasma fatty acids (FAs) of infants born <30 weeks' gestation who had been on full enteral feeds for >=2 weeks and had a weight gain of <15 g/kg/day despite optimizing energy and protein intakes. Weight and plasma FAs were assessed before and two weeks after feeding hindmilk. Growth anthropometrics were assessed weekly for four weeks. Paired t-tests and multiple linear regression were used for statistical analyses of data from 34 infants and their 29 mothers. There was a significant increase in weight gain in the two weeks after feeding hindmilk (MD 3.9, 95%CI 1.2-6.5 g/kg/day). Weight Z-scores were larger at two weeks (MD 0.61, 95%CI 0.02-1.20) and onwards. Head circumference Z-scores were larger at three weeks (MD 0.83, 95%CI 0.20-1.47) and onwards. Plasma linoleic acid (LA) and alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) increased after feeding hindmilk. In conclusion, hindmilk may improve weight and head growth and increase LA and ALA in very preterm infants with suboptimal growth. A large randomized controlled trial is required to examine and validate the potential benefits of hindmilk.
Effect of reduced-calcium and high-calcium cheddar cheese consumption on the excretion of faecal fat: a 2-week cross-over dietary intervention study.; PURPOSE: Studies show that dairy fat consumed in the form of cheese reduce LDL-cholesterol concentration (LDL-c) compared to butter and mechanistic suggestions include the calcium content of cheese leading to enhanced faecal fat excretion. The aim of this study was to test the effect of varying the calcium content within a cheese, on faecal fat excretion as a primary outcome, and blood lipid markers, fasting glucose and calcium excretion as secondary outcomes., METHODS: 7 healthy males (BMI 18-25) participated in this randomized, cross-over control intervention, of 3 x 2 week periods. Diets contained 240 g/day cheese; a High Calcium Cheese (HCC) diet, a Reduced Calcium Cheese (RCC) diet, and a control arm: Reduced Calcium Cheese + CaCO3 Supplement (RCC + Supp) diet. Diets differed in calcium content and form but were otherwise controlled for energy and key macronutrients. Blood and 5-day faecal samples were collected., RESULTS: There was no significant difference in faecal fat excretion (g/day) between the diets (P = 0.066). Percent fat of faecel excretion was higher after RCC + Supp (P = 0.016). None of the individual fatty acids were different. Fasting LDL-c was significantly lower following the HCC diet vs. the other arms (P = 0.002). Faecal Ca was different across all diets (P = 0.001), lowest after RCC, and greatest after RCC + Supp. No differences were observed for fasting blood parameters or changes in anthropometry., CONCLUSION: Varying the calcium content within a cheese matrix significantly affected fasting LDL-c values. Results did not support higher faecal fat excretion as an underlying mechanism, but the high attrition rate was a limitation. Trial registerer Trial Registered at ISRCTN.org, registration number ISRCTN11663659 on 12.07.2022. Retrospectively registered. Copyright © 2023. The Author(s).
Effects of relaxation therapy on maternal psychological status and infant growth following late preterm and early-term delivery: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Maternal stress is one modifiable variable that could influence mother-infant signaling and negatively affect breastfeeding and infant growth., OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to test the hypothesis that relaxation therapy would reduce maternal stress and improve infant growth, behavior, and breastfeeding outcomes after late preterm (LP) and early-term (ET) delivery., METHODS: A single-blind randomized controlled trial was conducted in healthy Chinese primiparous mother-infant pairs after LP or ET delivery (34+0-37+6 gestation weeks). Mothers were randomly assigned to the intervention group (IG, listening to relaxation meditation at least once a day) or control group (CG, normal care). Primary outcomes-changes in maternal stress (perceived stress scale), anxiety (Beck Anxiety Inventory), and infant weight and length standard deviation score-were assessed at 1 wk and 8 wks postpartum. Secondary outcomes-breast milk energy and macronutrient composition, maternal breastfeeding attitudes, infant behaviors (3-d diary), and 24-hour milk intake-were assessed at 8 wks., RESULTS: In total, 96 mother-infant pairs were recruited. There was a significantly greater reduction in maternal perceived stress (Perceived Stress Scale score) (mean difference [MD] = 2.65; 95% CI: 0.8, 4.5) and significantly greater infant weight standard deviation score gain (MD = 0.51; 95% CI: 0.2, 0.9) from 1 wk to 8 wks in the IG than those in the CG. Exploratory analyses showed a significant interaction between intervention and sex, with greater effects on weight gain in female infants. Mothers of female infants used the intervention more frequently with significantly higher milk energy observed at 8 wks., CONCLUSIONS: The relaxation meditation tape is a simple, effective practical tool that could easily be used in clinical settings to support breastfeeding mothers after LP and ET delivery. The findings need confirmation in larger groups and in other populations. Copyright © 2022 American Society for Nutrition. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Changes in dietary intake, food tolerance, hedonic hunger, binge eating problems, and gastrointestinal symptoms after sleeve gastrectomy compared with after gastric bypass; 1-year results from the Oseberg study-a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: The randomized Oseberg study compared the effects of sleeve gastrectomy (SG) and Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB), on the 1-y remission of type 2 diabetes and beta-cell function (primary outcomes). However, little is known about the comparable effects of SG and RYGB on the changes in dietary intakes, eating behavior, and gastrointestinal discomfort., OBJECTIVES: To compare 1-y changes in intakes of macro- and micronutrients, food groups, food tolerance, hedonic hunger, binge eating, and gastrointestinal symptoms after SG and RYGB., METHODS: Among others, prespecified secondary outcomes were dietary intake, food tolerance, hedonic hunger, binge eating, and gastrointestinal symptoms assessed with a food frequency questionnaire, food tolerance questionnaire, Power of food scale, Binge eating scale, and Gastrointestinal symptom rating scale, respectively., RESULTS: A total of 109 patients (66% females), with mean (SD) age 47.7 (9.6) y and body mass index of 42.3 (5.3) kg/m2, were allocated to SG (n = 55) or RYGB (n = 54). The SG group had, compared with the RYGB group, greater 1-y reductions in the intakes of: protein, mean (95% CI) between-group difference, -13 (-24.9, -1.2) g; fiber, -4.9 (-8.2, -1.6) g; magnesium, -77 (-147, -6) mg; potassium, -640 (-1237, -44) mg; and fruits and berries, -65 (-109, -20) g. Further, the intake of yogurt and fermented milk products increased by >2-folds after RYGB but remained unchanged after SG. In addition, hedonic hunger and binge eating problems declined similarly after both surgeries, whereas most gastrointestinal symptoms and food tolerance remained stable at 1 y., CONCLUSIONS: The 1-y changes in dietary intakes of fiber and protein after both surgical procedures, but particularly after SG, were unfavorable with regard to current dietary guidelines. For clinical practice, our findings suggest that health care providers and patients should focus on sufficient intakes of protein, fiber, and vitamin and mineral supplementation after both SG and RYGB. This trial was registered at [clinicaltrials.gov] as [NCT01778738]. Copyright © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of Targeted vs. Standard Fortification of Breast Milk on Growth and Development of Preterm Infants (<=32 Weeks): Results from an Interrupted Randomized Controlled Trial.; Human milk is recommended for very low birth weight infants. Their nutritional needs are high, and the fortification of human milk is a standard procedure to optimize growth. Targeted fortification accounts for the variability in human milk composition. It has been a promising alternative to standard fixed-dose fortification, potentially improving short-term growth. In this trial, preterm infants (<=32 weeks of gestation) were randomized to receive human milk after standard fortification (HMF, Nutricia) or tailored fortification with modular components of proteins (Bebilon Bialko, Nutricia), carbohydrates (Polycal, Nutricia), and lipids (Calogen, Nutricia). The intervention started when preterms reached 80 mL/kg/day enteral feeds. Of the target number of 220 newborns, 39 were randomized. The trial was interrupted due to serious intolerance in five cases. There was no significant difference in velocity of weight gain during the supplementation period (primary outcome) in the tailored vs. standard fortification group: 27.01 +/- 10.19 g/d vs. 25.84 +/- 13.45 g/d, p = 0.0776. Length and head circumference were not significantly different between the groups. We found the feasibility of targeted fortification to be limited in neonatal intensive care unit practice. The trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov NCT:03775785.
Supplementation of Mother's Own Milk with Preterm Donor Human Milk: Impact on Protein Intake and Growth in Very Low Birth Weight Infants-A Randomized Controlled Study.; This randomized study investigates whether feeding very low birth weight (VLBW) infants with mother's own milk (MOM) supplemented with either preterm (PDM) or term donor milk (TDM), when MOM is insufficient, has a positive impact on infants' protein intake and growth. A hundred and twenty VLBW infants were randomized into two groups. Group A (43 infants) received MOM supplemented with PDM, whereas Group B (77 infants) was fed with MOM supplemented with TDM, for the first three weeks of life (donor milk period). Breast milk fortifier was added when milk feeds exceeded 50 mL/Kg/day. After the donor milk period, both groups were fed with formula when MOM was not available or the milk bank was unable to provide TDM. Protein intake was higher in Group A than in Group B at initiation of milk fortification (p = 0.006), as well as during the 3-week donor milk period (p = 0.023) and throughout hospitalization (p = 0.014). Moreover, Group A presented higher DELTAz-score for body weight (p = 0.019) and head circumference (p = 0.001) from birth to the end of donor milk period, and higher mean body weight at discharge (p = 0.047) compared to Group B. In conclusion, when donor milk is required, PDM positively impacts protein intake and growth in VLBW infants (NCT05675397).
Prevalence of dental caries and relation with nutritional status among school-age children in resource limited setting of southern Ethiopia.; BACKGROUND: Globally, dental caries appears a major public health problem and a widespread non -communicable disease. It is more prevalent among children school-age children (6-12 years), However, there are few studies that correlate dental caries with nutritional status. Thus, this study aims to determine the relation of dental caries with nutritional status among school-age children at resource limited setting of southern Ethiopia., METHODOLOGY: A community-based cross sectional study was employed on randomly selected 761 school-age children of Areka town. Data were collected by face-to-face interviewer-administered questionnaire and clinical assessment of dental caries. After that, the collected data were entered into Epi data 3.2.1 and exported to SPSS 20 for further analysis. On the other hand, bivariate and multiple logistic regression analyses were used to identify the association of dependent and independent variables. p Value < 0.05 was considered to declare a result as statistically significant., RESULTS: Prevalence of dental caries among school-age children was 15.6% (95% CI 13.0-18.5). In technical senses, 4.3% (95% CI 2.9-5.8%) of children were underweight and 14.2% (95% CI 11.7-16.6%) were overweight. However, it has been unfolded that the relationship between dental caries and nutritional status was not statistically significant with a p value (p = 0.32). Factors associated with dental caries were educational status of a mother AOR 3.14, (95% CI 1.03-9.56), not cleaning teeth AOR 7.70, (95% CI 4.00-14.85), sugared coffee drinking AOR 3.22, (95% CI 1.68-6.18.0), sweet food consumption AOR 4.19, (95% CI 1.76-9.96) and non-consuming milk AOR 5.66 ( 95% CI 1.49-21.49)., CONCLUSION AND RECOMMENDATION: Dental caries at south Ethiopia were low compared to WHO's reports on oral health on school-age children. Tooth cleaning habit, parental education, sweet food consumption and milk consumption are associated factors. Therefore, behavioral intervention on dental hygiene and dietary practices are mandatory for school-age children. Copyright © 2023. The Author(s).
The effects of soymilk plus probiotics supplementation on cardiovascular risk factors in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomized clinical trial.; OBJECTIVE: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular diseases. This study aimed to assess the effects of soymilk plus probiotics co-administration on cardiovascular risk factors in T2DM patients., METHODS: One hundred patients with T2DM (aged 40-75 years old) were randomly assigned into 4 groups (soymilk + probiotics supplement, soymilk + placebo, conventional milk + placebo, and probiotics supplement) for 6 weeks. Standard protocols were followed for the collection of fasting blood samples, dietary intakes, and anthropometric measurements., RESULTS: It was shown that soymilk + probiotics consumption significantly decreased diastolic blood pressure (DBP) (p = 0.001), triglycerides (TG) (P < 0.001), total cholesterol (TC) (p < 0.01), and insulin (P < 0.003) levels and significantly increased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) (P = 0.002) levels. Soymilk + placebo administration significantly decreased DBP (p = 0.01), insulin (p = 0.006), and TG (p = 0.001) levels and significantly increased HDL-C (p = 0.03) levels. A significant decrease in insulin (p = 0.003) and systolic blood pressure (SBP) (p = 0.01) levels and an increase in HDL-C (p = 0.04) levels were observed after supplementation with probiotics. Findings from between-group comparisons showed a significant decrease in SBP levels in the probiotics supplement group compared to conventional milk group (p < 0.05)., CONCLUSION: Soymilk and probiotics consumption might improve some cardiovascular risk factors in patients with T2DM. However, possible synergic effects while consumption of soymilk plus probiotics supplement didn't show in this study which warranted further research. Copyright © 2023. The Author(s).
Efficacy and Safety of 1% Clascoterone Cream in Patients Aged > 12 Years With Acne Vulgaris.; BACKGROUND: Two randomized phase 3 studies evaluated efficacy and safety of 1% clascoterone cream, a topical androgen receptor inhibitor, in patients aged >=9 years with moderate-to-severe facial acne vulgaris after 12 weeks of treatment., OBJECTIVES: To present a pooled data analysis of the efficacy and safety of 1% clascoterone cream after 12 weeks of treatment in patients aged >=12 years from the 2 phase 3 trials., METHODS: Patients were randomized 1:1 to twice-daily treatment of the whole face with clascoterone or vehicle. Primary efficacy outcomes were proportion of patients achieving treatment success (Investigator Global Assessment score of "clear" [0] or "almost clear" [1] with >=2-point reduction from baseline) and absolute change from baseline (CFB) in noninflammatory lesion count and inflammatory lesion count; secondary efficacy outcomes included absolute CFB in total lesion count at week 12. Safety was assessed from treatment-emergent adverse events and local skin reactions., RESULTS: 709/712 patients age >=12 years were treated with clascoterone/vehicle. After 12 weeks, clascoterone was efficacious compared with vehicle, based on proportion of patients achieving treatment success (19.9% vs 7.7%) and CFB in noninflammatory lesion count (-20.8 vs -11.9), inflammatory lesion count (-19.7 vs -14.0), and total lesion count (-40.0 vs -26.1; all P<0.0001). Frequencies of local skin reactions were low and similar between treatment arms, with no new safety signals., CONCLUSIONS: Clascoterone is efficacious, with a favorable safety profile and low rates of local skin reactions in patients >=12 years of age with facial acne vulgaris. (Clinicaltrials.gov NCT02608450 and NCT02608476) J Drugs Dermatol. 2023;22(2): doi:10.36849/JDD.7000.
The effect of Pimpinella Anisum herbal tea on human milk volume and weight gain in the preterm infant: a randomized controlled clinical trial.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Human milk supports pre-term infants to thrive. Yet human milk production can be inhibited when infants are born prematurely. Pimpinella Anisum has been evidenced to increase milk production and infant weight gain in previous animal studies. The present study aimed to determine the effect of Pimpinella Anisum herbal tea on human milk volume and preterm infant weight in human populations for the first time., METHODS: Human milk supports pre-term infants to thrive. Yet human milk production can be inhibited when infants are born prematurely. Pimpinella Anisum has been evidenced to increase milk production and infant weight gain in previous animal studies. The present study aimed to determine the effect of Pimpinella Anisum herbal tea on human milk volume and preterm infant weight in human populations for the first time., RESULTS: There was a statistically significant difference in terms of milk volume in the first, third, fourth, fifth, sixth and seventh days between the three groups of intervention, placebo, and control (p < 0.05). On the first day, the mean volume of pumped milk in the intervention group was significantly higher than the control group (p = 0.008). On the second day, there was no statistically significant difference between groups. On the third, fourth, fifth, sixth and seventh days, the mean volume of pumped milk in the intervention group was significantly higher than the placebo and control groups (p < 0.05). There was no statistically significant difference in terms of preterm infant weight on days 0, 3 and 7 between the three groups., CONCLUSION: The use of Pimpinella Anisum or 'Anise' tea can increase the volume of human milk and since no specific side effects have been reported in its use, it may be incorporated easily, cheaply, and effectively in practice where appropriate to the benefit of preterm infant nutrition worldwide. Copyright © 2023. The Author(s).
Effects of a Diet Containing Sources of Prebiotics and Probiotics and Modification of the Gut Microbiota on the Reduction of Body Fat.; In 2022, according to the World Health Organization (WHO) report, overweight and obesity have reached epidemic proportions in the WHO European Region, affecting almost 60% of adults. Based on the assessment of BMI (Body Mass Index), a group of 56 women aged 25-45 years (31 women group A average BMI 34.9 +/- 4.86 kg/m2 and 25 women group B average BMI 33.4 +/- 4.02 kg/m2) were qualified for the study. In a multi-center, two-arm, parallel, non-randomized study, two types of weight-reduction diets (A and B) were used over a 3-month period. In group A, a standard low-energy diet was used with individually adjusted caloric intake of 1100-1300 kcal, with an increase in the amount and frequency of consumption of sauerkraut and groats and a daily intake of fermented milk drinks (300-400 g), fermented cucumbers (100 g), mineral water (1 L) and cod liver oil (5 mL). In group B, a standard low-energy diet with individually adjusted caloric intake of 1100-1300 kcal with daily intake of fermented milk products (150 g), highly mineralized water (0.5 L), once a week fermented cucumbers, and once a week buckwheat groats was used. The following measurements were taken: body weight, body fat mass, water content, body height, waist circumference, and hip circumference. Body weight and body composition were measured using the Tanita MC-780 MA and TANITA BC-601 analyzer using the bioelectric bioimpedance method. The stool samples were analyzed in the microbiology laboratory where quantification of Bifidobcaterium spp., Bacteroides spp., Faecalibacterium prausnitzii species, Akkermansia muciniphila and total bacterial count (TBC) was performed. Under the influence of the introduced nutritional intervention, a statistically significant reduction in body weight, body fat, waist circumference, and hip circumference was demonstrated after 3 months. Under the influence of weight reduction, as well as dietary changes, there was an increase in the number of Akkermansia muciniphila bacteria in the women studied. The low-energy diet containing sources of natural prebiotics and probiotics had a more favorable effect on the number of Faecalibacterium prausnitzii bacteria compared to the standard diet.
A Randomized Trial of an Exclusive Human Milk Diet in Neonates with Single Ventricle Physiology.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether weight gain velocity (g/kg/day) 30 days after the initiation of feeds after cardiac surgery and other clinical outcomes improve in infants with single ventricle physiology fed an exclusive human milk diet compared with a mixed human and bovine diet., STUDY DESIGN: In this multicenter, randomized, single blinded, controlled trial, term neonates 7 days of age or younger with single ventricle physiology and anticipated cardiac surgical palliation within 30 days of birth were enrolled at 10 US centers. Both groups received human milk if fed preoperatively. During the 30 days after feeds were started postoperatively, infants in the intervention group received human milk fortified once enteral intake reached 60 mL/kg/day with a human milk-based fortifier designed for term neonates. The control group received standard fortification with formula once enteral intake reached 100 mL/kg/day. Perioperative feeding and parenteral nutrition study algorithms were followed., RESULTS: We enrolled 107 neonates (exclusive human milk = 55, control = 52). Baseline demographics and characteristics were similar between the groups. The median weight gain velocity at study completion was higher in exclusive human milk vs control group (12 g/day [IQR, 5-18 g/day] vs 8 g/day [IQR, 0.4-14 g/day], respectively; P = .03). Other growth measures were similar between groups. Necrotizing enterocolitis of all Bell stages was higher in the control group (15.4 % vs 3.6%, respectively; P = .04). The incidence of other major morbidities, surgical complications, length of hospital stay, and hospital mortality were similar between the groups., CONCLUSIONS: Neonates with single ventricle physiology have improved short-term growth and decreased risk of NEC when receiving an exclusive human milk diet after stage 1 surgical palliation., TRIAL REGISTRATION: This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov (www., CLINICALTRIALS: gov, Trial ID: NCT02860702). Copyright © 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Quality-of-life outcomes following topical melatonin application against acute radiation dermatitis in patients with early breast cancer: A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.; The aim of this double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized study was to investigate whether topical melatonin administered during radiation therapy could increase the quality of life in patients with primary breast cancer. Patients were followed from the first radiation fraction until 3 weeks after the last. The patients applied 1 g of cream to the irradiated area of the skin twice daily, consisting of either 25 mg/g melatonin and 150 mg/g dimethyl sulfoxide, or a placebo cream. Outcomes were the European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer's quality-of-life questionnaires for breast cancer (QLQ-C30 and QLQ-BR23) on the last day of radiation therapy. As a secondary outcome, we evaluated the breast symptom (BS) scores over the entire duration of the trial in a repeated measures linear model. We included 65 patients and had 17 drop-outs, thus totaling 26 and 22 patients in the melatonin and placebo groups, respectively. BS scores on the last day of radiation did not differ between groups (p = .333). However, the linear model analyzing BS for the entire duration showed that melatonin significantly decreased the symptoms (p = .001). There was no difference in the BS score on the last day of radiation, however, we found that the patients in the melatonin group had significantly lower BS scores over the entire duration of the trial. Copyright © 2022 The Authors. Journal of Pineal Research published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Association of branched chain fatty acids with cardiometabolic disorders in humans: a systematic review.; CONTEXT: Despite advances in treatments for cardiometabolic disorders such as type 2 diabetes mellitus and obesity, the increasing frequency of these conditions is of major clinical and public health concern. Therefore, primary prevention including diet and lifestyle approaches continues to play a key role in risk reduction. Meta-analyses of prospective cohort studies have documented inverse associations of dairy consumption with the incidence of different cardiometabolic disorders. Dairy is the largest dietary contributor of branched chain fatty acids (BCFAs), which have been suggested to not only serve as biomarkers of dairy consumption but may also have bioactive properties contributing to reducing the risk of cardiometabolic outcomes. To date, however, the literature on this topic has not been systematically reviewed., OBJECTIVE: The aim here was to report the results of a systematic review of the association of BCFAs with cardiometabolic disorders in humans., DATA SOURCES: Search terms were developed and run through the Ovid MEDLINE, Ovid Embase, and the Cochrane Library databases., DATA EXTRACTION: Articles were selected on the basis of prespecified inclusion criteria and assessed for risk of bias by independent reviewers., RESULTS: Four studies (n = 2 cross sectional; n = 1 randomized feeding trial and n = 1 pre-post study) were identified. Two studies reported significant inverse associations between serum BCFAs and insulin resistance, triglycerides and/or body mass index. One study identified an inverse association between adipose tissue monomethyl BCFAs and skeletal muscle insulin resistance. In contrast, the randomized feeding trial reported no significant differences to stool BCFA concentrations or body mass index in obese participants following assignment to fruit-vegetable or whole-grain diet groups compared with a refined-grain control group., CONCLUSIONS: Current evidence suggests beneficial associations of circulating BCFAs with cardiometabolic risk phenotypes, although data in human participants are limited, indicating that additional research is required., PROSPERO REGISTRATION NO: CRD42021224975. Copyright © The Author(s) 2022. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the International Life Sciences Institute. All rights reserved. For permissions, please e-mail: journals.permissions@oup.com.
The effects of kefir consumption on human health: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.; CONTEXT: Kefir, a traditional, fermented-milk beverage, has increasingly been promoted for various health benefits. The evidence from systematic reviews, however, is limited., OBJECTIVE: Evidence from randomized controlled trials testing oral consumption of fermented-milk kefir on any outcome of human health or disease., DATA SOURCES: A systematic search of 4 electronic databases (PubMed, Scopus, Allied and Complementary Medicine Database, and Cochrane Trials) from inception to July 31, 2021, was conducted., DATA EXTRACTION: Data extraction and risk-of-bias assessments were conducted by 2 reviewers independently., DATA ANALYSIS: A total of 18 publications reporting the results of 16 studies were included. Per the narrative analysis, fermented-milk kefir may have potential as a complementary therapy in reducing oral Streptococcus mutans, thereby reducing dental caries risk, and in Helicobacter pylori eradication therapy. Kefir may further aid treatment of adult dyslipidemia and hypertension, although evidence was very limited. Safety was only assessed in 5 of the 18 included publications, and 12 of the studies had an overall high risk for bias., CONCLUSION: Kefir is a dairy product with a unique microbiological profile that appears to be a safe for generally healthy populations to consume. However, efficacy and safety data from high-quality human trials are essential before any recommendations may be made for conditions of the oral and gastric microbiota and metabolic health., SYSTEMATIC REVIEW REGISTRATION: PROSPERO registration no. CRD42020211494. Copyright © The Author(s) 2022. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the International Life Sciences Institute. All rights reserved. For permissions, please e-mail: journals.permissions@oup.com.
Effects of foods, beverages and macronutrients on BMI z-score and body composition in children and adolescents: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.; PURPOSE: A healthy diet is fundamental for healthy growth and for future disease prevention. However, scientific consensus on how to compose healthy diets for children has not been established. Therefore, a systematic review and meta-analysis was performed to investigate if an independent effect exists between foods, beverages or the composition of macronutrients and body composition in children and adolescents., METHODS: A systematic search was performed in four databases up to July 2021. A systematic review of randomized controlled studies (RCTs) and meta-analyses were carried out by extracting mean difference (MDs) and standard deviation (SD) and performed using the random effect model., RESULTS: Sixteen RCTs met inclusion criteria. Beyond dairy, sugar-sweetened beverages and macronutrient composition, no trials were identified for other food groups. Based on five RCTs (n:5), a higher-dairy diet was found to reduce body fat percentage - 0.47 [- 0.92, - 0.03] (p = 0.04). A higher-dairy diet was also found to increase lean body mass (kg) 0.34 [0.06, 0.62] (p = 0.02) (n:2), but did not affect BMI z-score - 0.05 [- 0.16, 0.06] (p = 0.39) (n:4). Substituting sugar-sweetened beverage with non-caloric beverages or flavored milk reduced body fat percentage (- 0.70 [- 0.78, - 0.62] (p < 0.001)) (n:3) but did not change BMI z-score (- 0.05 [- 0.20, 0.09] (p = 0.48)) (n:2). No significant effects were found between different macronutrient compositions and BMI z-score or body fat percentage., CONCLUSION: Changes in diet from low to higher-dairy consumption and from sugar-sweetened beverages to non-caloric beverages or flavored milk resulted in favorable changes in body composition among children and adolescents. Eligible studies investigating other foods are lacking., TRIAL REGISTRATION: PROSPERO registration number (CRD42020173201). Copyright © 2022. The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany.
The role of nutrition on Parkinson's disease: a systematic review.; BACKGROUND: Parkinson's disease (PD) in elderly patients is the second most prevalent neurodegenerative disease. The pathogenesis of PD is associated with dopaminergic neuron degeneration of the substantia nigra in the basal ganglia, causing classic motor symptoms. Oxidative stress, mitochondrial dysfunction, and neuroinflammation have been identified as possible pathways in laboratory investigations. Nutrition, a potentially versatile factor from all environmental factors affecting PD, has received intense research scrutiny., METHODS: A systematic search was conducted in the MEDLINE, EMBASE, and WEB OF SCIENCE databases from 2000 until the present. Only randomized clinical trials (RCTs), observational case-control studies, and follow-up studies were included., RESULTS: We retrieved fifty-two studies that met the inclusion criteria. Most selected studies investigated the effects of malnutrition and the Mediterranean diet (MeDiet) on PD incidence and progression. Other investigations contributed evidence on the critical role of microbiota, vitamins, polyphenols, dairy products, coffee, and alcohol intake., CONCLUSIONS: There are still many concerns regarding the association between PD and nutrition, possibly due to underlying genetic and environmental factors. However, there is a body of evidence revealing that correcting malnutrition, gut microbiota, and following the MeDiet reduced the onset of PD and reduced clinical progression. Other factors, such as polyphenols, polyunsaturated fatty acids, and coffee intake, can have a potential protective effect. Conversely, milk and its accessory products can increase PD risk. Nutritional intervention is essential for neurologists to improve clinical outcomes and reduce the disease progression of PD.
Effects of Sn-2-palmitate-enriched formula feeding on infants' growth, stool characteristics, stool fatty acid soap contents and bone mineral content: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.; This systematic review and meta-analysis was performed to assess the effects of Sn-2-palmitate-enriched formula feeding on infants' growth, stool characteristics, stool fatty acid (FA) soap contents and bone mineral content (BMC). We searched PubMed, MEDLINE, Embase and Web of Science for randomized controlled trials published up to April 2022. Sixteen studies involving 1,931 infants were included. From each included study, weighted mean differences (WMDs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for each of the above mentioned outcomes were extracted and pooled with a fixed-effects model (I2 <= 50%) or a random-effects model (I2 > 50%). Infants fed Sn-2-palmitate-enriched formula exhibited greater weight gains (WMD: 0.81; 95% CI: 0.23, 1.39 g/d; I2 = 0.00%), lower contents of total stool FA soaps (WMD: -3.47; 95% CI: -5.08, -1.86 mg/100 mg; I2 = 0.00%) and higher BMC (WMD: 7.08; 95% CI: 4.05, 10.10; I2 = 0.00%) than infants fed standard formula. However, no difference was observed in these outcomes between infants fed Sn-2-palmitate-enriched formula and those fed human milk. This meta-analysis demonstrated that compared with standard formula feeding, Sn-2-palmitate-enriched formula feeding could effectively promote weight gains, bone mineral accumulation and stool FA soap reduction in infants.
Whey protein and vitamin D supplementation in institutionalized older adults: A randomized trial.; Background: The increase in life expectancy and in the number of individuals over 60 years old brings new demands to health professionals and services based on the physiological changes that occur in this population. The aging process results in changes in body composition, increasing body fat and reducing muscle mass, in addition to a reduction in bone mass. Aim: The aim of this study was to examine the effect of whey protein and vitamin D supplementation on body composition and skeletal muscle in older adults living in long-term care facilities. Methods: This study is a double-blind randomized controlled trial. Thirty older adults (>60 years old) were randomized and allocated in three groups: group receiving resistance training and supplementation receiving resistance training, whey protein and vitamin D; group received resistance and placebo training receiving resistance training and placebo, and control group without any intervention. Body composition was measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry at baseline, 12 weeks, and 24 weeks. Results: The mean age was 74.87 (+/- 8.14) years. A significant difference (p = 0.042) was observed between the group receiving resistance training and supplementation and control groups in relation to lean mass increase (kg) at 24 weeks. After 24 weeks of intervention, there was a significant increase in Relative index of muscle mass for the two groups that underwent resistance training, group received resistance and placebo training (p = 0.042) and group receiving resistance training and supplementation (p = 0.045), in relation to the control. Conclusion:  Combined supplementation of whey protein and vitamin D with resistance training can significantly improve lean mass, total mass, and relative index of muscle mass in institutionalized older adults.
Molecular effects of the consumption of margarine and butter varying in trans fat composition: a parallel human intervention study.; BACKGROUND: Whereas the dietary intake of industrial trans fatty acids (iTFA) has been specifically associated with inflammation, cardiovascular disease, and type 2 diabetes, understanding the impact of dietary fats on human health remains challenging owing to their complex composition and individual effects of their lipid components on metabolism. The aim of this study is to profile the composition of blood, measured by the fatty acid (FAs) profile and untargeted metabolome of serum and the transcriptome of blood cells, in order to identify molecular signatures that discriminate dietary fat intakes., METHODS: In a parallel study, the molecular effects of consuming dairy fat containing ruminant TFA (rTFA) or margarine containing iTFA were investigated. Healthy volunteers (n = 42; 45-69 y) were randomly assigned to diets containing margarine without TFA as major source of fat (wTFA control group with 0.4 g TFA per 100 g margarine), margarine with iTFA (iTFA group with 4.1 g TFA per 100 g margarine), or butter with rTFA (rTFA group with 6.3 g TFA per 100 g butter) for 4 weeks. The amounts of test products were individually selected so that fat intake contributed to 30-33% of energy requirements and TFA in the rTFA and iTFA groups contributed to up to 2% of energy intake. Changes in fasting blood values of lipid profiles (GC with flame-ionization detection), metabolome profiles (LC-MS, GC-MS), and gene expression (microarray) were measured., RESULTS: Eighteen FAs, as well as 242 additional features measured by LC-MS (185) and GC-MS (54) showed significantly different responses to the diets (PFDR-adjusted < 0.05), mainly distinguishing butter from the margarine diets while gene expression was not differentially affected. The most abundant TFA in the butter, i.e. TFA containing (E)-octadec-11-enoic acid (C18:1 t11; trans vaccenic acid), and margarines, i.e. TFA containing (E)-octadec-9-enoic acid (C18:1 t9; elaidic acid) were reflected in the significantly different serum levels of TFAs measured after the dietary interventions., CONCLUSIONS: The untargeted serum metabolome differentiates margarine from butter intake although the identification of the discriminating features remains a bottleneck. The targeted serum FA profile provides detailed information on specific molecules differentiating not only butter from margarine intake but also diets with different content of iTFAs in margarine., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00933322. Copyright © 2022. The Author(s).
Changes in 24-h energy expenditure, substrate oxidation, and body composition following resistance exercise and a high protein diet via whey protein supplementation in healthy older men.; PURPOSE: To investigate changes in 24-h energy expenditure (EE), substrate oxidation, and body composition following resistance exercise (RE) and a high protein diet via whey protein supplementation (alone and combined) in healthy older men., METHODS: In a pooled groups analysis, 33 healthy older men [(mean +/- SE) age: 67 +/- 1 years; BMI: 25.4 +/- 0.4 kg/m2] were randomized to either RE (2x/week; n = 17) or non-exercise (n = 16) and either a high protein diet via whey protein supplementation (PRO, 2 x 25 g whey protein isolate/d; n = 17) or control (CON, 2 x 23.75 g maltodextrin/d; n = 16). An exploratory sub-analysis was also conducted between RE+CON (n = 8) and RE+PRO (n = 9). At baseline and 12 weeks, participants resided in respiration chambers for measurement of 24-h EE and substrate oxidation and wore an accelerometer for 7 days for estimation of free-living EE., RESULTS: Resistance exercise resulted in greater increases in fat-free mass (1.0 +/- 0.3 kg), resting metabolic rate [(RMR) 36 +/- 14 kcal/d], sedentary EE (60 +/- 33 kcal/d), and sleeping metabolic rate [(SMR) 45 +/- 7 kcal/d] compared to non-exercise (p < 0.05); however, RE decreased activity energy expenditure in free-living (-90 +/- 25 kcal/d; p = 0.049) and non-exercise activity inside the respiration chamber (-1.9 +/- 1.1%; p = 0.049). PRO decreased fat mass [(FM) -0.5 +/- 0.3 kg], increased overnight protein oxidation (30 +/- 6 g/d), and decreased 24-h protein balance (-20 +/- 4 g/d) greater than CON (p < 0.05). RE+PRO decreased FM (-1.0 +/- 0.5 kg) greater than RE+CON (p = 0.04)., CONCLUSION: Resistance exercise significantly increased RMR, SMR, and sedentary EE in healthy older men, but not total EE. PRO alone and combined with RE decreased FM and aided body weight maintenance. This study was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT03299972. Copyright © 2022 The Authors. Physiological Reports published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of The Physiological Society and the American Physiological Society.
Is glycaemic control associated with dietary patterns independent of weight change in people newly diagnosed with type 2 diabetes? Prospective analysis of the Early-ACTivity-In-Diabetes trial.; BACKGROUND: It is unclear whether diet affects glycaemic control in type 2 diabetes (T2D), over and above its effects on bodyweight. We aimed to assess whether changes in dietary patterns altered glycaemic control independently of effects on bodyweight in newly diagnosed T2D., METHODS: We used data from 4-day food diaries, HbA1c and potential confounders in participants of the Early-ACTivity-In-Diabetes trial measured at 0, 6 and 12 months. At baseline, a 'carb/fat balance' dietary pattern and an 'obesogenic' dietary pattern were derived using reduced-rank regression, based on hypothesised nutrient-mediated mechanisms linking dietary intake to glycaemia directly or via obesity. Relationships between 0 and 6 month change in dietary pattern scores and baseline-adjusted HbA1c at 6 months (n = 242; primary outcome) were assessed using multivariable linear regression. Models were repeated for periods 6-12 months and 0-12 months (n = 194 and n = 214 respectively; secondary outcomes)., RESULTS: Reductions over 0-6 months were observed in mean bodyweight (- 2.3 (95% CI: - 2.7, - 1.8) kg), body mass index (- 0.8 (- 0.9, - 0.6) kg/m2), energy intake (- 788 (- 953, - 624) kJ/day), and HbA1c (- 1.6 (- 2.6, -0.6) mmol/mol). Weight loss strongly associated with lower HbA1c at 0-6 months (beta = - 0.70 [95% CI - 0.95, - 0.45] mmol/mol/kg lost). Average fat and carbohydrate intakes changed to be more in-line with UK healthy eating guidelines between 0 and 6 months. Dietary patterns shifting carbohydrate intakes higher and fat intakes lower were characterised by greater consumption of fresh fruit, low-fat milk and boiled/baked potatoes and eating less of higher-fat processed meats, butter/animal fats and red meat. Increases in standardised 'carb/fat balance' dietary pattern score associated with improvements in HbA1c at 6 months independent of weight loss (beta = - 1.54 [- 2.96, - 0.13] mmol/mol/SD). No evidence of association with HbA1c was found for this dietary pattern at other time-periods. Decreases in 'obesogenic' dietary pattern score were associated with weight loss (beta = - 0.77 [- 1.31, - 0.23] kg/SD) but not independently with HbA1c during any period., CONCLUSIONS: Promoting weight loss should remain the primary nutritional strategy for improving glycaemic control in early T2D. However, improving dietary patterns to bring carbohydrate and fat intakes closer to UK guidelines may provide small, additional improvements in glycaemic control., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ISRCTN92162869 . Retrospectively registered on 25 July 2005. Copyright © 2022. The Author(s).
Efficacy of interventions to manage sexual dysfunction in women with cancer: a systematic review.; IMPORTANCE: Cancer and its treatment negatively affect female sexual health and function. The prevalence of female sexual dysfunction after cancer is between 33% and 43%. Numerous studies have addressed treatment options for sexual dysfunction in women with cancer, but it still remains a challenge to select the most efficacious option for patients., OBJECTIVE: To compile and appraise recent evidence of any interventions for managing sexual dysfunction in female cancer survivors., EVIDENCE REVIEW: A literature search of the electronic databases MEDLINE, EMBASE, PsycINFO, and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (January 2011 to February 2021) was conducted using general search terms of "women", "cancer", "intervention", "sexual dysfunction". We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and uncontrolled before-after studies that evaluated the efficacy of intervention for female sexual dysfunction in women with history of cancer. Methodological quality of studies was assessed using Risk of Bias (RoB) 2.0 for RCTs and National Institutes of Health (NIH) assessment tools for uncontrolled before-after studies., FINDINGS: Thirty-six studies were included for qualitative synthesis (14 RCTs (n = 1284), 17 uncontrolled trials (n = 589), and 5 cohort studies (n = 497). Only four studies were at low risk of bias. Topical interventions (vaginal gels or creams) were able to alleviate vaginal dryness and dyspareunia, with intravaginal dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) (6.5 mg) gel showing evidence of improved sexual function. Evidence for estriol-lactobacilli vaginal tablets was unreliable due to a small-scale study. Psychoeducational therapy (internet-based cognitive behavioral therapy [CBT]) studies typically were at high risk of bias, but all displayed significant improvements of sexual function. Both laser therapy (fractional CO2 and erbium) and multimodal approach studies were at concerning risk of bias, although suggesting beneficial effects on sexual function., CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: The most reliable evidence for improvement was from a study of DHEA vaginal gel, but in general, gels or creams were useful in reducing dyspareunia. Pharmacological, psychoeducational, laser therapy, and multimodal approaches demonstrated potential in managing cancer-related sexual issues, but most were small in size (10-70 participants), with moderate to high risk of bias. Therefore, large-scale, double-blind, RCTs with long-period follow-up, and at low risk of bias are needed to show efficacy for these interventions. Copyright © 2022 by The North American Menopause Society.
Bifidobacterium infantis treatment promotes weight gain in Bangladeshi infants with severe acute malnutrition.; Disrupted development of the gut microbiota is a contributing cause of childhood malnutrition. Bifidobacterium longum subspecies infantis is a prominent early colonizer of the infant gut that consumes human milk oligosaccharides (HMOs). We found that the absolute abundance of Bifidobacterium infantis is lower in 3- to 24-month-old Bangladeshi infants with severe acute malnutrition (SAM) compared to their healthy age-matched counterparts. A single-blind, placebo-controlled trial (SYNERGIE) was conducted in 2- to 6-month-old Bangladeshi infants with SAM. A commercial U.S. donor-derived B. infantis strain (EVC001) was administered daily with or without the HMO lacto-N-neotetraose for 28 days. This intervention increased fecal B. infantis abundance in infants with SAM, although to levels still 10- to 100-fold lower than in untreated healthy controls. EVC001 treatment promoted weight gain that was associated with reduced intestinal inflammation markers in infants with SAM. We cultured fecal B. infantis strains from Bangladeshi infants and colonized gnotobiotic mice with these cultured strains. The gnotobiotic mice were fed a diet representative of that consumed by 6-month-old Bangladeshi infants, with or without HMO supplementation. One B. infantis strain, Bg_2D9, expressing two gene clusters involved in uptake and utilization of N-glycans and plant-derived polysaccharides, exhibited superior fitness over EVC001. The fitness advantage of Bg_2D9 was confirmed in a gnotobiotic mouse model of mother-to-infant gut microbiota transmission where dams received a pretreatment fecal community from a SAM infant in the SYNERGIE trial. Whether Bg_2D9 is superior to EVC001 for treating malnourished infants who consume a diet with limited breastmilk requires further clinical testing.
Mitigating Infectious morbidity and Growth deficits in HIV-exposed uninfected infanTs with human Milk Oligosaccharide (MIGH-T MO): a randomised trial protocol.; INTRODUCTION: Children who are HIV-exposed uninfected (HEU), that is, children who do not acquire HIV infection despite being born to mothers with HIV, have a higher risk of mortality, infectious morbidity and growth deficits than children who are HIV-unexposed uninfected (HUU). Prior research has focused on breast feeding and has pointed to changes in human milk oligosaccharides (HMOs) associated with maternal HIV that may influence the infant microbiome and thereby lead to these adverse outcomes. However, to our knowledge, no study has attempted to intervene along this pathway to reduce the occurrence of the adverse outcomes in children HEU. We will conduct a double-blind, randomised trial of a synbiotic intervention, which combines an HMO and probiotic, in breastfed infants HEU in South Africa to evaluate whether this intervention has promise to reduce excess infectious morbidity and growth faltering compared with controls., METHODS AND ANALYSIS: One hundred and forty-four breastfed infants HEU, aged 4 weeks, will be 1:1 randomised to receive either a daily synbiotic or an identical-looking placebo through age 24 weeks. Infants will be followed until age 48 weeks and outcomes of infectious morbidity, growth and biological measurements (eg, microbiota, inflammation and metabolome) will be assessed. Analyses will follow intention-to-treat principles comparing the cohorts as randomised. Infants HEU will be compared across arms with respect to the occurrence of infectious morbidity and growth outcomes through 4-24 weeks and 4-48 weeks using appropriate parametric and non-parametric statistical tests. Additionally, an observational cohort of 40 breastfed infants HUU will be recruited as a comparator group with no intervention., ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: Ethical approval for this study has been obtained from the ethics committees at Columbia University and Stellenbosch University. The findings will be disseminated in publications., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT05282485. SANCTR ID number: DOH-27-122021-6543. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2022. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Acute C-Terminal Crosslinking Telopeptide of Type I Collagen (CTX-1) Suppression with Milk Calcium or Calcium Carbonate Is Independent of Visceral Fat in a Randomized Crossover Study in Lean and Overweight Postmenopausal Women.; BACKGROUND: Postmenopausal women with higher visceral adipose tissue (VAT) present with suppressed bone resorption (lower C-terminal crosslinking telopeptide of type I collagen; CTX-1) and turnover (lower osteocalcin) but whether this blunts the effect of calcium is unknown., OBJECTIVES: The primary outcome of this study was the effect of VAT on changes in CTX-1 after intake of 2 forms of calcium. Secondary outcomes included changes in parathyroid hormone (PTH), serum calcium, phosphorus, and alkaline phosphatase (ALP)., METHODS: Randomized open three period crossover trial conducted between 2017 and 2019 at the University of South Australia among 77 lean and overweight postmenopausal women (53-79 y) with BMI <25 kg/m2 and >27 kg/m2, respectively. Participants received a single dose of milk (1000 mg calcium), calcium carbonate tablet (1000 mg calcium), and fruit juice (no calcium) in random order with a 7-d washout period. Blood samples were collected at baseline and hourly for 5 h. Data was analyzed by repeated measures ANOVA of log-transformed data., RESULTS: At baseline, women with higher VAT had significantly lower CTX-1 and higher PTH (44% lower and 30% higher, respectively, between Q4 and Q1, P < 0.0001). VAT had no influence on the acute changes in CTX-1 or PTH with calcium or juice. A suppression of 44% in CTX-1 was seen with calcium carbonate and milk and a suppression of 18% with juice. PTH was suppressed more with calcium carbonate (47%) compared to milk (22%). Milk calcium reduced PTH and CTX-1 at 2 h, whereas calcium carbonate reduced PTH in 1 h. The suppression in CTX-1 was slower with lowest concentrations at 4-5 h., CONCLUSIONS: Intake of 1000 mg calcium from milk or from calcium carbonate is effective in acutely suppressing bone resorption in postmenopausal women irrespective of visceral fat. This trial is registered at http://www.ANZCTR.org.au/ACTRN12617000779370.aspx as ACTRN 12617000779370). Copyright © 2022 American Society for Nutrition.
Impact of resistance exercise rehabilitation and whey protein supplementation in elderly patients with heart failure with preserved ejection fraction with sarcopenia: a study protocol for a randomised controlled trial.; INTRODUCTION: Heart failure with preserved ejection fraction (HFpEF) affects more than half of the patients with heart failure. HFpEF and sarcopenia can interact with each other and contribute to reduced physiological function and increased mortality in elderly patients. Resistance training (RT) or resistance exercise rehabilitation (RER) may have benefits for elderly HFpEF patients with sarcopenia. Whey protein supplementation (WPS) may increase the effects of exercise on strength and muscle mass, in addition to promoting heart function and quality of life (QoL). However, studies are needed to evaluate effects of RER and WPS in patients with HFpEF with sarcopenia., METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This is a prospective, randomised, controlled clinical trial in which patients with HFpEF with sarcopenia will be randomly allocated to three groups, control, RT and RT+WP. Participants in all groups will receive basic intervention including standard medicine treatment, home-based aerobic exercise and basic nutritional intervention. The RT group will undergo resistance exercise programmes, and the RT+WP group will receive daily WPS apart from resistance exercise. The study variables will be evaluated at baseline and 12 weeks. Primary outcome measure is the change of 6 min walking distance. Secondary outcomes include parameters of muscle status, cardiac function, nutritional status, QoL and major adverse cardiovascular events. The primary efficacy analysis will follow the intention-to-treat principle., ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: This study was approved by Ethics Committee of China-Japan Friendship Hospital for Clinical Research (No. 2022-KY-003). The results of this study will be disseminated via peer-reviewed publications and presentations at conferences., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ChiCTR2200061069. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2022. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
The impact of a family web-based nutrition intervention to increase fruit, vegetable, and dairy intakes: a single-blinded randomized family clustered intervention.; BACKGROUND: The importance of adopting healthy eating habits at a young age to prevent obesity and chronic diseases justifies the need for effective interventions., OBJECTIVE: This study evaluated the impact of a family web-based nutrition intervention on vegetable and fruit (V/F) and dairy product (DP) consumption, nutrient intakes, diet quality and BMI or BMI z-scores., METHODS: Forty-three families with children aged 8-16 years were randomized to either the family web-based intervention, or web-based general nutrition guidelines (control) over 8 weeks. Nutritional variables were assessed with three-day dietary records while anthropometry (body weight and height) was assessed with standardized measures at baseline (PRE), immediately after the intervention (POST 1) and 3-6 months after the intervention (POST 2). Linear mixed models for repeated measures were used to assess the main effects and their interactions followed by post hoc tests., RESULTS: The intervention had an effect on DP, total sugar, potassium, magnesium, and calcium in children (Group x Time, P = 0.02 to 0.03) and on DP, V/F juice, carbohydrates, total sugar, saturated fat, protein and calcium in parents (Group x Time, P = 0.01 to 0.03). Post hoc tests revealed children in the intervention group increased their DP intakes immediately after the intervention (POST1) but decreased at follow-up (POST2). No effect of the intervention on V/F, diet quality or BMI was observed., CONCLUSION: Compared to general nutrition guidelines, this family web-based nutrition intervention had a modest effect on nutrient intakes, but beneficial effect on DP intakes in the short term., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov , NCT03798808 , Registered 10 january 2019 - Retrospectively registered. Copyright © 2022. The Author(s).
The Impact of Prebiotic, Probiotic, and Synbiotic Supplements and Yogurt Consumption on the Risk of Colorectal Neoplasia among Adults: A Systematic Review.; Prebiotic and probiotic supplementation and yogurt consumption (a probiotic food) alter gut microbial diversity, which may influence colorectal carcinogenesis. This systematic review evaluates the existing literature on the effect of these nutritional supplements and yogurt consumption on colorectal neoplasia incidence among adults. We systematically identified ten randomized controlled trials and observational studies in adults age >= 18 without baseline gastrointestinal disease. Prebiotics included inulin, fructooligosaccharides, galactooligosaccharides, xylooligosaccharides, isomaltooligosaccharides, and beta-glucans. Probiotics included bacterial strains of Lactobacillus, Bifidobacterium, Saccharomyces, Streptococcus, Enterococcus, Bacillus, Pediococcus, Leuconostoc, and Escherichia coli. Synbiotic supplements, a mixture of both prebiotic and probiotic supplements, and yogurt, a commonly consumed dietary source of live microbes, were also included. We defined colorectal neoplasia as colorectal adenomas, sessile serrated polyps, and colorectal cancer (CRC). Overall, findings suggest a moderate decrease in risk of adenoma and CRC for high levels of yogurt consumption compared to low or no consumption. Prebiotic supplementation was not associated with colorectal neoplasia risk. There was some evidence that probiotic supplementation may be associated with lower risk of adenomas but not with CRC incidence. Higher yogurt consumption may be associated with lower incidence of colorectal neoplasia. We found little evidence to suggest that prebiotic or probiotic supplements are associated with significant decreases in CRC occurrence.
Topical application of a cream containing nanoparticles with vitamin E for radiodermatitis prevention in women with breast cancer: A randomized, triple-blind, controlled pilot trial.; PURPOSE: Most topical agents for radiodermatitis prevention are not based on its pathophysiology, mainly caused by the indirect effects of radiation from reactive oxygen species release. Therefore, this study aimed to evaluate the effect of vitamin E-containing nanoparticle cream as an antioxidant for radiodermatitis prevention., METHOD: A randomized, triple-blind, parallel pilot study conducted in an Oncology Hospital including 40 adult women with breast cancer, and healthy skin, submitted to radiotherapy, divided into three groups: Intervention (12; 30%) receiving cream with nanoparticles containing vitamin E; Control 1 (14; 35%) cream without nanoparticles or vitamin E; Control 2 (14; 35%) cream with nanoparticles without vitamin E. Incidence, grade and time to onset of radiodermatitis were primary outcomes; health-related quality of life, reported symptoms, and breast temperature were secondary outcomes., RESULTS: All patients were followed until the end of the study. All had radiodermatitis. There were no significant differences between the study groups regarding radiodermatitis grade, health-related quality of life, and breast temperatures. A protective effect of vitamin E-containing nanoparticle cream was identified regarding the onset time of radiodermatitis in patients who did not receive a boosted radiation dose (p = .03) and the occurrence of mild inframammary erythema (p = .04). Itching was reported by 90% of the women. The definitive calculated sample is 108 volunteers. There were no identified side effects., CONCLUSIONS: A potential protective effect of a cream containing vitamin E nanoparticles was observed. This pilot study presents initial evidence about the role of a nanoencapsulated antioxidant in preventing radiodermatitis., TRIAL REGISTRATION: No. RBR-784F3Y; UTN-U1111-1201-5923. Copyright © 2022 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Bioactive Yoghurt Containing Curcumin and Chlorogenic Acid Reduces Inflammation in Postmenopausal Women.; Menopause is marked by a gradual and permanent decrease of estrogen from the ovaries, leading to metabolic and physiological changes in the body. Combined with increased body mass index, postmenopausal women have elevated systemic inflammation and metabolic disturbances leading to increased risk of developing chronic diseases. A bioactive coconut yoghurt containing curcumin and chlorogenic acid was developed with the potential to target inflammatory processes. In this randomized crossover study, healthy postmenopausal women with a BMI of 25-40 were recruited to consume 125 g of either the bioactive or placebo yoghurt. Blood samples were collected at baseline, 30 min, and 1, 2, 3 and 4 h postprandially. Plasma inflammatory markers (TNFalpha and IL6) and metabolic markers (triglycerides, insulin and glucose) were measured. Participants had significantly lower plasma TNFalpha Cmax after consumption of the bioactive yoghurt compared to placebo (mean difference = 0.3 pg/mL; p = 0.04). Additionally, plasma TNFalpha was significantly lower postprandially compared to baseline after consumption of the bioactive yogurt but not the placebo. No differences were observed in the metabolic markers measured. Conclusions : The bioactive yoghurt fortified with curcumin and chlorogenic acid has the potential to reduce inflammatory mediators; however, a larger and longer-term study is required to confirm these findings.
Effects of Whey Protein or Its Hydrolysate Supplements Combined with an Energy-Restricted Diet on Weight Loss: A Randomized Controlled Trial in Older Women.; An energy-restricted weight-loss approach has limitations when it used in the elderly, especially because of muscle loss. We aimed to assess the effects of whey protein (WP) or WP hydrolysate (WPH) combined with an energy-restricted diet (ERD) on weight reduction and muscle preservation in older women with overweight and obesity. A total of 60 women were randomized to the control (ERD), WP (ERD + 20 g/d WP) or WPH (ERD + 20 g/d WPH) group, using a 1:1:1 allocation ratio. After an 8-week intervention, body composition, gut microbiota, and serum metabolomics changes were compared among the three groups. The reductions in body weight (-1.11 +/- 1.11 vs. -2.34 +/- 1.35, p < 0.05), BMI (-0.46 +/- 0.45 vs. -0.97 +/- 0.54, p < 0.05), and body fat (-0.70 +/- 0.92 vs. -2.45 +/- 1.65, p < 0.01) were higher in the WPH group than in the control group. Body fat (%) was significantly decreased in the two protein groups. Fat-free mass did not significantly change among the three groups. Serum metabolomics showed that the tricarboxylic acid cycle pathway was upregulated in the WPH group. No significant changes in microbiota were observed among the groups. In conclusion, WP or WPH supplementation combined with an energy-restricted diet benefits older women during weight loss. WPH was more effective, possibly due to increased energy metabolism.
The Acute Effects of Milk Consumption on Systemic Inflammation after Combined Resistance and Plyometric Exercise in Young Adult Females.; High-intensity/impact exercise elicits a transient increase in inflammatory biomarkers. Consuming nutrient-dense wholefoods, like milk, following exercise may modulate post-exercise inflammation and aid recovery. We examined the effect of post-exercise skim milk consumption (versus an isoenergetic, isovolumetric carbohydrate [CHO] drink) on acute exercise-induced inflammation in untrained females. Using a randomized crossover design, 13 healthy females (age = 20 +/- 2.3 y; BMI = 21.0 +/- 1.1 kg/m2) completed two bouts of combined resistance/plyometric exercise followed by either skim milk (MILK) or CHO at 5-min and 1 h post-exercise. Serum interleukin [IL]-1beta, IL-6, IL-10, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) concentrations were measured at pre-exercise, 15-min, 75-min, 24 h, and 48 h post-exercise. IL-6 increased 15-min post-exercise vs. all other timepoints (time effect, p = 0.017). Between 24 and 48 h, IL-10 decreased and increased in the MILK and CHO conditions, respectively (interaction, p = 0.018). There were no significant effects for IL-1beta or TNF-alpha. Relative concentrations of IL-1beta (p = 0.049) and IL-10 (p = 0.028) at 48 h post-exercise were lower in MILK vs. CHO. Milk post-exercise did not influence the absolute concentration of pro-inflammatory cytokines; however, there were divergent responses for the anti-inflammatory cytokine, IL-10, and milk reduced the relative inflammatory response at 48 h (vs. CHO) for IL-1beta and IL-10. This demonstrates the potential for milk to modulate inflammation post-exercise in this sample.
Interventions to Improve Breastfeeding Outcomes in Late Preterm and Early Term Infants.; Background: Late preterm infants (LPIs; born at 340/7 to 366/7 gestational weeks) and early term infants (ETIs; 370/7 to 386/7 gestational weeks) are at higher risk of morbidity and mortality compared with more mature infants. Breastfeeding can reduce these risks, but feeding difficulties are common among these infants and breastfeeding rates are low. We conducted a systematic review to identify the interventions available to improve any breastfeeding, exclusive breastfeeding, or breast milk yield. Methods: A literature search was performed up to February 23, 2022, using MEDLINE, CINAHL, Embase, and Google Scholar, and nine articles were included. Only one article was a randomized controlled trial, and only one included ETIs. The remaining articles were quasi-experimental and included only LPIs. Outcomes included breastfeeding duration, breastfeeding exclusivity, and/or breast milk production (volume) before 6 months actual age. Results: Professional support significantly improved exclusive breastfeeding rates. A breastfeeding education program delivered at the hospital with weekly telephone follow-up postdischarge significantly increased breastfeeding rates. Neither cup feeding nor early discharge (with in-home lactation support) improved breastfeeding rates, whereas rooming-in (versus direct admission to the neonatal intensive care unit) worsened exclusive breastfeeding rates. Discussion: This is the first systematic review to identify interventions available for both LPIs and ETIs. Overall, there are limited studies that investigate interventions promoting breastfeeding in these populations. However, breastfeeding support delivered by health care professionals seems to improve breastfeeding rates. The main limitations are the lack of randomization, blinding, and adjustment for confounding variables. Experimental studies with robust methodological design are needed.
Effect of Whey Protein Supplementation in Postmenopausal Women: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; (1) Background: Whey protein (WP) in combination with resistance training (RT) is beneficial in improving sarcopenic obesity and its damaging effects in older adults, while the difference between men and women should be considered while interpreting results. This review aims to investigate WP's efficacy on postmenopausal women with or without RT; (2) Material and Methods: We searched electronic databases including PubMed, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Library from inception to August 2021 for randomized controlled trials that included comparison groups to evaluate WP's efficacy in women aged 55 years and above. The outcomes included body composition, muscular strength, functional capacity, and dietary intake. Standardized mean differences (SMDs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were used to estimate the effect of WP. We also performed subgroup analysis with or without RT; (3) Results: We included 14 studies in the systematic review and 10 studies in the meta-analysis. Subgroup analyses showed RT was a major confounder for muscle strength, lean mass, and dietary protein intake (PI). In the RT subgroup, WP supplementation had a significant positive effect on biceps curl strength (BC) (SMD: 0.6805, 95% CI: 0.176, 1.185, I2: 0%), and lower limb lean-mass (LLLM) (SMD: 1.103, 95% CI: 0.632, 1.574, I2: 14%). In the subgroup without RT, a significant negative effect on PI (SMD: -0.4225, 95% CI: -0.774, -0.071, I2: 47%) was observed, while no significant effect on muscle strength or lean mass was revealed. WP supplementation did not show a significantly different effect on fat mass or body weight loss in both the subgroups; (4) Conclusions: In postmenopausal women, WP supplementation only in combination with RT enhances BC and LLLM compared to placebo controls. Without RT, WP has no significant benefit on muscle strength or lean mass.
Protein Supplementation Does Not Maximize Adaptations to Low-Volume High-Intensity Interval Training in Sedentary, Healthy Adults: A Placebo-Controlled Double-Blind Randomized Study.; There is ample evidence that specific nutritional strategies can enhance adaptions to resistance and endurance training. However, it is still unclear whether post-session protein supplementation may increase the effects of low-volume high-intensity interval training (LOW-HIIT). We examined the impact of LOW-HIIT combined with protein vs. placebo supplementation on cardiometabolic health indices in sedentary healthy individuals. Forty-seven participants (31.1 +/- 8.0 yrs) performed cycle ergometer LOW-HIIT (5-10x1 min at 80-95% maximum heart rate) for eight weeks and randomly received double-blinded 40 g of whey protein (PRO-HIIT, N = 24) or an isocaloric placebo (maltodextrin, PLA-HIIT, N = 23) after each session. The maximum oxygen uptake (VO2max, primary outcome) and several secondary cardiometabolic outcomes were determined pre-/post-intervention. VO2max increased in PRO-HIIT (+2.8 mL/kg/min, p = 0.003) and PLA-HIIT (+3.5 mL/kg/min, p < 0.001). Systolic and diastolic blood pressure decreased in PRO-HIIT (-7/3 mmHg, p < 0.05) and PLA-HIIT (-8/5 mmHg, p < 0.001). Gamma glutamyl transferase (-2 U/L, p = 0.003) decreased in PRO-HIIT and alanine aminotransferase (-3 U/L, p = 0.014) in PLA-HIIT. There were no significant between-group differences in any of the outcome changes. In conclusion, LOW-HIIT improved VO2max and other cardiometabolic markers irrespective of the supplementation condition. Post-session protein supplementation does not seem to provide any additional benefit to LOW-HIIT in improving cardiometabolic health in sedentary healthy individuals.
Effects of milk protein concentrate supplementation on metabolic parameters, adipocytokines and body composition in obese women under weight-loss diet: study protocol for a randomised controlled trial.; INTRODUCTION: Obesity impairs metabolic function and increases the risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Evidence suggests that high-protein diets help to increase weight loss and protect against weight gain. Milk protein concentrate (MPC) is a dairy product with a high protein content with a ratio of casein and whey protein similar to skim milk. This trial aims to evaluate the effect of MPC supplementation in obese women under a weight-loss diet., METHODS AND ANALYSIS: We will conduct a 2-month open-label, parallel-group, randomised controlled trial to determine the effect of MPC supplementation on levels of glycaemic and lipid profile, leptin, adiponectin, appetite, waist circumference, body mass index and body composition in 44 premenopausal obese women on a weight-loss diet., ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: This protocol, approved by the Medical Ethics Committee of Ahvaz University of Medical Sciences, is in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki (approval number: IR.AJUMS.REC.1399.795). The trial results will be published in peer-reviewed journals., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials (IRCT20201223049804N1). Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2022. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Sleep SAAF responsive parenting intervention improves mothers' feeding practices: a randomized controlled trial among African American mother-infant dyads.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: Parents shape children's early experiences with food, influencing what is served, children's food choices, and how much children eat. Responsive parenting (RP) interventions such as INSIGHT have improved maternal infant feeding practices, but have only been tested among predominantly White families. This secondary analysis of data from the Sleep SAAF (Strong African American Families) RCT tests the effects of an RP intervention designed to prevent rapid infant weight gain on African American mothers' infant feeding practices., METHODS: Primiparous African American mother-infant dyads (n = 194) were randomized to an RP or safety control intervention delivered by community research associates at infant age 3 and 8 weeks. At 16 weeks, mothers completed the Babies Need Feeding questionnaire, the Infant Feeding Styles Questionnaire, and the Babies Need Soothing questionnaire. Logistic regression and general linear models examined the effect of study group on infant feeding practices. Moderation analyses explored whether effects varied by feeding mode (any breast milk versus exclusive formula), maternal age (>= 20 years versus < 20 years), and maternal pre-pregnancy BMI (with obesity versus not)., RESULTS: RP mothers reported more responsive feeding (p = 0.005, partial eta2 = 0.02), lower likelihood of using beverages other than breast milk/formula to soothe their infant (p = 0.01, OR = 0.42, 95% CI [0.2-0.8]), and less pressure with cereal than control mothers (p = 0.09, partial eta2 = 0.02). RP mothers also reported less pressure to finish/soothe than controls (p = 0.007, partial eta2 = 0.04); feeding mode (B = 0.74, p = 0.003) and maternal age (B = 0.53, p = 0.04) moderated this effect. There were no significant group differences in bottle-feeding practices (e.g., adding cereal to bottle, using an appropriate nipple/bottle size), or in context-based or emotion-based food to soothe., CONCLUSIONS: Responsive parenting education influenced some feeding practices of African American mothers. Mothers reported using less pressure, a control-based feeding practice, and more responsive feeding than controls., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Sleep SAAF: A Strong African American Families Study. www., CLINICALTRIALS: gov NCT03505203. Registered 3 April 2018. Copyright © 2022. The Author(s).
Comparing acute effects of extra virgin coconut oil and extra virgin olive oil consumption on appetite and food intake in normal-weight and obese male subjects.; OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study is to compare acute effects of consuming extra virgin coconut oil (EVCO) as a source of medium chain fatty acids and extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) as a source of long chain fatty acids in normal weight and obese subjects., DESIGN: Randomised, crossover design., PARTICIPANTS: Metabolically healthy twenty male subjects (10 normal weight; 10 obese) aged 19-40 years., INTERVENTION: Subjects consumed breakfast meals containing skimmed milk, fat-free white cheese, bread and EVCO (25 g) or EVOO (25 g)., OUTCOME MEASURES: Visual analog scale evaluations, resting metabolic rate measurements and selected blood parameters analysis (glucose, triglyceride, insulin and plasma peptide YY) were performed before and after the test breakfast meals. In addition, energy intakes were evaluated by ad libitum lunch meal at 180 min., RESULTS: Visual analogue scale values of hunger and desire to eat decreased significantly after EVCO consumption than EVOO consumption in normal weight subjects at 180 min. There was an increase trend in plasma PYY at 30 and 180 min after EVCO breakfast compared to EVOO breakfast. Ad libitum energy intakes after EVCO and EVOO consumption in normal weight subjects were 924 +/- 302; 845 +/- 158 kcal (p = 0.272), respectively whereas in obese subjects were 859 +/- 238; 994 +/- 265 kcal (p = 0.069) respectively., CONCLUSION: The results of this study shows that consumption of EVCO compared to EVOO may have suppressive effect on hunger and desire to eat, may affect postprandial PYY levels differently and have no effect on postprandial energy expenditure., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinical Trials NCT04738929.
Comparing Dermolina-Henna Cream with Mometasone Cream in Improving Radiodermatitis Among Patients with Breast Cancer: A Randomized Active-Control Double-Blind Clinical Trial.; Objectives: Radiotherapy is one of the treatments used for different types of cancer. Acute radiodermatitis is one of its most common complications. Despite the high prevalence of radiodermatitis, few studies investigated how to prevent or treat this complication. Hence, a standard treatment has not been introduced so far. We sought to evaluate the efficacy of Dermolina-Henna cream, a new polyherbal formulation, compared to Mometasone cream for alleviating acute radiodermatitis among breast cancer patients. Design: Randomized active-control double-blind clinical trial. Setting/Location: The oncology clinic of Shohaday-e Tajrish Hospital (Tehran, Iran). Subjects: Women older than 18 years with breast cancer undergoing radiotherapy. Interventions: Patients were instructed to apply a thin layer of Dermolina-Henna or Mometasone cream once daily on their lesions at least 3 h after radiotherapy for 4 weeks, and if grade I or II radiodermatitis developed, also afterward. Patients were visited weekly until end of study at after 4 weeks. Radiation Therapy Oncology Group standard questionnaires were evaluated and recorded every week as the primary outcome. Outcome measures: Primary outcome was defined as evaluating the efficacy of Dermolina-Henna cream to change the radiodermatitis grade, while the level of patients' satisfaction and the rate of adverse events recorded by patients were secondary outcomes. Results: The trends on decrease in number of lesions, erythema, radiodermatitis grade, burning sensation, pain, and itchiness were statistically significant for each treatment, separately (p < 0.001), except for radiodermatitis grade in Mometasone group (p = 0.4). Dermolina-Henna was significantly better than Mometasone in alleviating burning sensation (p < 0.001) and itchiness (p = 0.041). Approximately 3.7% of patients showed adverse events and 3.7% declared dissatisfaction in both groups. Conclusions: In summary, we showed that Dermolina-Henna cream and Mometasone cream were significantly effective in decreasing severity of radiodermatitis symptoms among patients with breast cancer. Dermolina-Henna cream was significantly superior to Mometasone cream in alleviating burning and itchiness. Clinical Trial Registration Number: IRCT20200115046144N1.
Infants Born to Mothers Who Were SARS-CoV-2 Positive during Pregnancy and Admitted to Neonatal Intensive Care Unit.; INTRODUCTION: Our objective was to compare neonatal outcomes and resource use of neonates born to mothers with SARS-CoV-2 positivity during pregnancy with neonates born to mothers without SARS-CoV-2 positivity., METHODS: We conducted a two-country cohort study of neonates admitted between January 1, 2020, and September 15, 2021, to tertiary neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) in Canada and Sweden. Neonates from mothers who were SARS-CoV-2 positive during pregnancy were compared with three randomly selected NICU neonates of mothers who were not test-positive, matched on gestational age, sex, and birth weight (+/-0.25 SD). Subgroup analyses were conducted for neonates born <33 weeks' gestation and mothers who were SARS-CoV-2 positive <=10 days prior to birth. Primary outcome was duration of respiratory support. Secondary outcomes were in-hospital mortality, neonatal morbidity, late-onset sepsis, receipt of breast milk at discharge, and length of stay., RESULTS: There were 163 exposed and 468 matched neonates in Canada, and 303 exposed and 903 matched neonates in Sweden. There was no statistically significant difference in invasive or noninvasive respiratory support durations, mortality, respiratory and other neonatal morbidities, or resource utilizations between two groups in both countries in entire cohort and in subgroup analyses. Receipt of breast milk at discharge was lower in the Canadian neonates of mothers who were SARS-CoV-2 positive <=10 days before birth (risk ratio 0.68, 95% CI: 0.57-0.82)., CONCLUSION: Maternal SARS-CoV-2 positivity was not associated with increased durations of respiratory support, morbidities, mortality, or length of hospital stay in Canada and Sweden among neonates admitted to tertiary NICU. Copyright © 2022 The Author(s). Published by S. Karger AG, Basel.
Glucocorticosteroid and Silicone Gel During Patch Application Without Clinical Scar Improvement After Central Venous Catheter Removal: A Randomized Trial.; INTRODUCTION: We studied whether glucocorticosteroid during patch occlusion has a beneficial effect on scar outcome in children and adolescents treated for cancer., METHODS: A double-blinded placebo-controlled randomized clinical trial was performed. The main outcome was the Vancouver Scar Scale. Secondary outcomes were scar width and scar quality measured using the Patient and Observer Scar Assessment Scale. The patients were divided into an intervention groups and a control group. The intervention group was randomized into active and placebo group. The active treatment consisted of cream with glucocorticosteroid and fusidic acid. The placebo treatment consisted of cream with fusidic acid. Both groups received silicone gel patch after central venous catheter removal. The control group received no specific skin care., RESULTS: Assessment at 12 months showed that the intervention group had a significantly lower Vancouver Scar Scale and a smaller scar (0,1 cm) compared with the control group ( P =0.00, P =0.02) but no benefit of glucocorticosteroid. The Patient and Observer Scar Assessment Scale showed no significant difference between the intervention and control groups ( P =0.84, P =0.36)., CONCLUSIONS: Silicone gel sheet alone or in combination with application of glucocorticosteroid during sheet occlusion does not clinically improve scar outcome after removal of central venous catheter in children treated for neoplastic diseases. Copyright © 2022 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Diets enriched with palm olein, cocoa butter, and extra virgin olive oil exhibited similar lipid response: a randomized controlled study in young healthy adults.; Vegetable oils having unsaturated fatty acids in the sn-2 position of triglyceride (TG) backbone might not raise serum cholesterol levels. We investigated the chronic effects of diets enriched with palm olein (IV64) (PO), cocoa butter (CB), or extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) with oleic acid primarily at the sn-2 position (66%, 75%, 87% sn-2 oleic acid, respectively) of the TG molecule in 40 healthy volunteers participated in this randomized, controlled, single-blinded, crossover trial. Following a 2-week run-in period, the subjects were given standardization meals (breakfast, lunch, and dinner) cooked with palm olein (IV72). Subjects were randomized to 1 of the 3 intervention groups; receiving baked products (brownies for breakfast and cookies for teatime) prepared with respective test fats accompanied with standardized low-fat meals for breakfast, lunch, and dinner prepared with palm olein (IV72) for all groups for 4 weeks in a crossover manner with 2-week washout period (given standardization meals). Anthropometric measurements, blood samples, and dietary intakes were measured before run-in and pre- and post-intervention. No significant difference was observed on the primary outcome of the study total: high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. All 3 test fats were found to exhibit similar lipid responses (total cholesterol, TG, lipoprotein (a), apolipoprotein-A1, apolipoprotein-B/A-1). Statistical difference was found on low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (CB>EVOO by 0.3 mmol/L, P = .003), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (PO>CB by 0.04 mmol/L, P = .02) and apolipoprotein-B (EVOO<PO and CB by 0.03 mmol/L, P = .01 and 0.04 mmol, P = .001 respectively). Diets with PO, CB, and EVOO have almost similar lipid profiles and homeostatic model assessment measures. Copyright © 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Enteral Vitamin D Supplementation in Preterm or Low Birth Weight Infants: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Many preterm and low birth weight (LBW) infants have low vitamin D stores. The objective of this study was to assess effects of enteral vitamin D supplementation compared with no vitamin D supplementation in human milk fed preterm or LBW infants., METHODS: Data sources include Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Medline, and Embase from inception to March 16, 2021. The study selection included randomized trials. Data were extracted and pooled with fixed and random-effects models., RESULTS: We found 3 trials (2479 participants) that compared vitamin D to no vitamin D. At 6 months, there was increase in weight-for-age z-scores (mean difference 0.12, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.01 to 0.22, 1 trial, 1273 participants), height-for-age z-scores (mean difference 0.12, 95% CI 0.02 to 0.21, 1 trial, 1258 participants); at 3 months there was decrease in vitamin D deficiency (risk ratio 0.58, 95% CI 0.49 to 0.68, I2=58%, 2 trials, 504 participants) in vitamin D supplementation groups. However, there was little or no effect on mortality, any serious morbidity, hospitalization, head circumference, growth to 6 years and neurodevelopment. The certainty of evidence ranged from very low to moderate. Fourteen trials (1969 participants) assessed dose and reported no effect on mortality, morbidity, growth, or neurodevelopment, except on parathyroid hormone and vitamin D status. No studies assessed timing. Limitations include heterogeneity and small sample size in included studies., CONCLUSIONS: Enteral vitamin D supplementation improves growth and vitamin D status in preterm and LBW infants.
Enteral Iron Supplementation in Preterm or Low Birth Weight Infants: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Iron is needed for growth and development of infants globally, but preterm and low birth weight (LBW) infants are at risk for severe iron deficiencies. To assess the effect of enteral iron supplementation on mortality, morbidity, growth, and neurodevelopment outcomes in preterm or LBW infants fed human milk. Secondary objectives were to assess the effect on biomarkers and dose and timing., METHODS: Data sources include PubMed, Embase and Cochrane Library databases to March 16, 2021. Study Selection includes controlled or quasi experimental study designs. Two reviewers independently extracted data., RESULTS: Eight trials (eleven reports; 1093 participants, 7 countries) were included. No trials reported mortality. At latest follow-up, there was little effect on infection (very low certainty evidence, 4 studies, 401 participants, relative risk [RR] 0.98, 95% confidence interval [95% CI] 0.56 to 1.73, I2 = 0.00%) and necrotising enterocolitis (3 studies, 375 participants, RR 1.47, 95% CI 0.68 to 3.20, I2 = 0.00%). There was an increase in linear growth (length) (moderate certainty evidence, 3 studies, 384 participants, mean difference 0.69 cm, 95% CI 0.01 to 1.37, I2 = 0%) but little effect on weight, head circumference, or cognitive development. There was an improvement in anemia (moderate certainty evidence, 2 studies, 381 participants, RR 0.25, 95% CI 0.10 to 0.62, I2 = 0.00%) but no effect on serum ferritin. Limitations include heterogeneity in the included studies., CONCLUSIONS: There are important benefits for human milk-fed preterm and LBW infants from enteral iron supplementation. However, more randomized control trials are required to improve the certainty of evidence.
Enteral Multiple Micronutrient Supplementation in Preterm and Low Birth Weight Infants: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVES: To assess effects of supplementation with 3 or more micronutrients (multiple micronutrients; MMN) compared to no MMN in human milk-fed preterm and low birth weight (LBW) infants., RESULTS: Data on a subgroup of 414 preterm or LBW infants from 2 randomized controlled trials (4 reports) were included. The certainty of evidence ranged from low to very low. For growth outcomes in the MMN compared to the non-MMN group, there was a small increase in weight-for-age (2 trials, 383 participants) and height-for-age z-scores (2 trials, 372 participants); a small decrease in wasting (2 trials, 398 participants); small increases in stunting (2 trials, 399 participants); and an increase in underweight (2 trials, 396 participants). For neurodevelopment outcomes at 78 weeks, we found small increases in Bayley Scales of Infant Development, Version III (BISD-III), scores (cognition, receptive language, expressive language, fine motor, gross motor) in the MMN compared to the non-MMN group (1 trial, 27 participants). There were no studies examining dose or timing of supplementation., CONCLUSIONS: Evidence is insufficient to determine whether enteral MMN supplementation to preterm or LBW infants who are fed mother's own milk is associated with benefit or harm. More trials are needed to generate evidence on mortality, morbidity, growth, and neurodevelopment.
Enteral Calcium or Phosphorus Supplementation in Preterm or Low Birth Weight Infants: a Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVES: To assess effects of calcium or phosphorous supplementation compared with no supplementation in human milk-fed preterm or low birth weight infants., METHODS: Data sources include Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Medline and Embase. We included Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and non-randomized trials (quasi-randomized)., RESULTS: Three studies (4 reports; 162 infants) were included. At latest follow-up (38 weeks), there was reduction in osteopenia (3 studies, 159 participants, relative risk 0.68, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.46-0.99). At latest follow-up (6 weeks), there was no effect on weight (1 study, 40 participants, mean difference [MD] 138.50 g, 95% CI -82.16 to 359.16); length (1 study, 40 participants, MD 0.77 cm, 95% CI -0.93 to 2.47); and head circumference (1 study, 40 participants, MD 0.33 cm, 95% CI -0.30 to 0.96). At latest follow-up, there was no effect on alkaline phosphatase (55 weeks) (2 studies, 122 participants, MD -126.11 IU/L, 95% CI -298.5 to 46.27, I2 = 73.4%); serum calcium (6 weeks) (1 study, 40 participants, MD 0.54 mg/dL, 95% CI -0.19 to 1.27); and serum phosphorus (6 weeks) (1 study, 40 participants, MD 0.07 mg/dL, 95% CI -0.22 to 0.36). The certainty of evidence ranged from very low to low. No studies reported on mortality and neurodevelopment outcomes., CONCLUSIONS: The evidence is insufficient to determine whether enteral supplementation with calcium or phosphorus for preterm or low birth weight infants who are fed mother's own milk or donor human milk is associated with benefit or harm.
Maternal Predictors of Breast Milk Plasmalogens and Associations with Infant Body Composition and Neurodevelopment.; PURPOSE: Ethanolamine-containing plasmalogens (pPEs) are a unique class of breastmilk (BM) glycerophospholipids containing a vinyl-ether at the sn-1 and a polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) at the sn-2 position of the glycerol moiety. pPEs are present in the milk fat globule membrane, accumulate in the infant brain, and have been implicated in infant development. The study objectives were to: (1) describe the composition of BM pPEs and the variation in monomers at both the sn-1 and sn-2 positions; and (2) quantify the associations between BM pPEs and maternal predictors (body mass index, race, dietary fatty acid intake, gestational age at birth, and days' postpartum). Secondary objectives were to explore the relationship between BM pPEs and infant anthropometrics and neurodevelopment., METHODS: This was a secondary analysis of 39 mother-infant dyads in the control group of a randomized controlled trial of vitamin D supplementation during lactation. BM samples and data regarding maternal diet, infant anthropometrics (weight, fat mass index, and fat-free mass index by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry), and infant development were collected at 1 month (visit 1 [V1], n = 37) and 4 months' (visit 4 [V4], n = 39) postpartum. BM pPEs were extracted and quantified by using ultra-HPLC/high-resolution MS/MS at V1 and V4 and expressed as percent mass of total phospholipids. Associations of pPEs with infant development and anthropometrics were modeled using linear regression., FINDINGS: C(18:0) vinyl ethers and C(18:2) polyunsaturated fatty acid-enriched pPEs predominate in BM. Specific pPEs, as a proportion of total phospholipids, decreased between V1 and V4. Higher maternal body mass index was associated with lower BM pPEs in unadjusted models, but this association was attenuated after adjustment for race, diet, and days' postpartum. Maternal fatty acid intake, gestational age, and days' postpartum were not associated with BM pPEs. Total pPEs at V1 were negatively associated with infant fat mass index and positively associated with fat-free mass index at V1 and V4. BM pPE concentrations were not correlated with neurodevelopmental outcomes., IMPLICATIONS: BM pPEs decrease over lactation and are associated with lower infant adiposity and higher lean mass., CLINICALTRIALS: gov identifier: NCT00412074. Copyright © 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of feeding with standard or higher-density formulas on anthropometric measures in children with congenital heart defects after corrective surgery: a randomized clinical trial.; OBJECTIVES: The aim of the present study was to assess the efficacy of feeding a higher-density formula (HDF) in infant with congenital heart disease (CHD)., METHODS: In a parallel randomized trial, infants (6 to 12 months) who underwent CHD corrective surgery received either a standard-density formula (SDF, 67 kcal /100 ml) or an HDF (90 kcal/100 ml) after discharge from the intensive care unit for 8 weeks. In addition to the formula, infants could receive breast milk or complementary food. Anthropometry, biochemistry, and formula intake were collected., RESULT: Sixty-four infants completed the study (n = 32 in each group). All infants gained weight. The mean +/- standard deviation (SD) of weight z score at baseline and week-8 were -2.38 +/- 10.04 to -1.38 + 0.97 in the SDF group and -2.69 +/- 1.19 to -0.89 +/- 0.90 in the HDF group (between-group p = 0.0001). Both groups gained length, but showed a decline in length z-score which was significant in the SDF group but not significant in the HDF group. Mid-upper arm circumference and its z score improved in both groups, with more improvement in the HDF group. Serum albumin level was higher in the HDF than the SDF group at week-8, but no significant between-group differences were observed in hemoglobin, serum ferritin, or iron. Symptoms of gastrointestinal intolerance were not reported, but parents of 4 infants in the HDF group complained of their infants' constipation., CONCLUSION: Feeding infants using a concentrated formula could increase infants' weight gain and growth, and improve the nutritional status after CHD surgery. Copyright © 2022. The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Limited.
Effect of whey protein supplementation on weight and body composition indicators: A meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.; BACKGROUND & AIM: Whey protein (WP) is one of the well-known dairy driven products to help people to change their weight and body composition (BC). This study aimed to investigate the effect of WP on weight and BC on every published RCT on all populations., METHODS: A systematic review of the literature was undertaken to identify RCTs that examined the effect of WP on weight, body fat, lean body mass, fat-free mass, and waist circumference. To create weighted-group-mean differences for within- and between-group comparisons, random effects models were used. Subgroup analyses were also done to determine the effect of potential sources of heterogeneity., RESULTS: Thirty-five RCTs, with a total of 1902 adult participants were included in pooled analysis. The effect of WP supplementation on BMI (-0.156, 95% CI: -0.31, 0.00, P < 0.05), body fat mass (-0.144, 95% CI: -0.28, 0.00, P < 0.05), and waist circumference (-0.448, 95% CI: -0.86, -0.03, P < 0.05) in within group analysis, and BMI (-0.769, 95% CI: -1.54, 0.00, P < 0.05) and lean body mass (0.741, 95% CI: 0.07, 1.41, P < 0.05) in the between group analysis was indicated. Resistance training, WP dosage, sex, age group, the type of control group (placebo, different proteins, etc.), the control group dosage, and energy intake before and during the trial, as well as between the WP and control groups, were recognized as the main sources of heterogeneity., CONCLUSION: The data from trials currently available supports the use of WP to improve BC indicators. The benefits of WP on BC are expected to be greatest when combined with resistance training and a reduction in overall calorie consumption. Copyright © 2022 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Selection of dilution material for non-iodinated iodine as an oral contrast agent for esophageal cancer: a preliminary clinical trial.; PURPOSE: To investigate the filling state of the esophagus using different oral contrast agents for the diagnosis of esophageal cancer by computed tomography (CT)., MATERIALS AND METHODS: This preliminary clinical trial enrolled patients with suspected esophageal carcinoma and admitted from January 2015 to January 2018. The patients were randomized into the yogurt (mixed with ioversol), lotus root powder (mixed with ioversol), gas-producing powder, and control (pure iodine water) groups. Chest CT examinations were performed. The degree of esophageal filling and the detection of esophageal lesions were compared., RESULTS: Finally, 136 participants were enrolled (n = 34/group). There were no significant differences in esophageal filling degree among the yogurt, lotus root powder, and gas-producing powder groups (P = 0.093). There were 30/3/1 and 30/3/1 confirmed/false-negative/false-positive diagnoses in the yogurt and lotus powder groups, respectively, compared with 28/5/1 and 25/8/1 in the gas-producing powder and control groups, respectively. The concordance rates were the highest for the yogurt (88.2%, with 91.7% specificity and 86.4% sensitivity) and lotus root powder groups (88.2%, with 92.3% specificity and 85.7% sensitivity) and the lowest for the control group (73.5%, with 90.0% specificity and 66.7% sensitivity)., CONCLUSION: Yogurt mixed with ioversol could fill and expand the esophagus with minimal preparation, displaying the structure of the esophageal lumen and wall thickness. This mixture might be used as a positive contrast agent for esophageal CT. Similar results were observed for the lotus root powder mixed with ioversol, but its preparation was more arduous. Copyright © 2022. The Author(s).
A meal rich in palm oil or butter modifies the sphingolipid profile of postprandial triglyceride-rich lipoproteins from type 2 diabetic women.; Elevated concentrations of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins (TGRL) in the fasting and postprandial states are risk factors for cardiovascular events, especially in type 2 diabetes (T2D). T2D modifies the lipid composition of plasma and lipoproteins and some sphingolipids (SP) have been validated as potent predictive biomarkers of cardiovascular disease occurrence. The main objectives of the present study were to characterize the plasma SP profile in fasting T2D patients and to determine whether SP are modified in postprandial TGRL from these patients compared to fasting TGRL. In a randomized parallel-group study, 30 T2D women ingested a breakfast including 20g lipids from either hazelnut cocoa palm oil-rich spread (Palm Nut) or Butter. Plasma was collected and TGRL were isolated by ultracentrifugation at fasting and 4h after the meal. Fasting samples of 6 control subjects from another cohort were analyzed for comparison. SP were analyzed by tandem mass spectrometry. Plasma from fasting T2D patients had higher ceramide (Cer) and ganglioside GM3 concentrations, and lower concentrations of sphingosylphosphorylcholine vs healthy subjects. In postprandial TGRL from T2D patients compared to those in the fasting state, Cer concentrations and especially C16:0, C24:1 and C24:0 molecular species, increased after the Palm Nut or Butter breakfast. A positive correlation was observed in the Palm Nut group between changes (DELTA4h-fasting) of summed C16:0+C22:0+C24:1+C24:0 Cer concentrations in TGRL, and changes in plasma TG, TGRL-TG and TGRL-C16:0 concentrations. Altogether in T2D, the altered profile of plasma SP and the increased Cer concentrations in postprandial TGRL could contribute to the increased atherogenicity of TGRL. Copyright © 2022 Elsevier B.V. and Societe Francaise de Biochimie et Biologie Moleculaire (SFBBM). All rights reserved.
Randomised controlled trial of human derived breast milk fortifier versus bovine milk fortifier on body composition in very preterm babies.; BACKGROUND: Preterm infants receiving a diet of exclusive human milk compared to predominantly preterm formula have lower weight and non-adipose tissue mass by term. Human milk fortification is recommended. However, it is not known if the protein source affects body composition., AIMS: To compare the effect of an exclusive human milk based diet (intervention) with a diet containing cow milk products (control) on body composition., PARTICIPANTS: Infants born below 30 weeks gestation., STUDY DESIGN: Randomised multicentre, open label, controlled trial. Infants preferentially received their own mother's milk. Infants were randomised to either an exclusive human milk diet (human milk formula to make up a shortfall in own mother's milk and human milk derived fortifier) or cow milk-based supplementation (preterm formula to make up a shortfall in own mother's milk and cow milk-based fortifier). Fortification began at an enteral intake of 150 ml/kg/day. Infants underwent whole-body magnetic resonance imaging at term., PRIMARY OUTCOME: Body composition (adipose tissue (ATM) and non-adipose tissue mass (N-ATM)) at term., RESULTS: We randomly assigned 38 infants to intervention (n = 19) and control arms (n = 19). Primary outcomes were analysed in 15 infants in the intervention arm and 12 in the control arm. The estimates of the effect of the intervention following adjustment for length and sex, were non-significant (ATM (kg): 0.137, 95 % confidence interval (CI) -0.01, 0.29; N-ATM: -0.137; -0.01, 0.29)., CONCLUSIONS: We identified no clinically relevant differences in body composition in preterm babies <30 weeks gestation receiving a macronutrient-equivalent exclusive human milk diet compared with a diet containing cow milk products. Copyright © 2022 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effect of Different Nutritional Supplements on Glucose Response of Complete Meals in Two Crossover Studies.; Postprandial hyperglycemia is an important risk factor in the development and progression of type-2 diabetes and cardiometabolic diseases. Therefore, maintaining a low postprandial glucose response is key in preventing these diseases. Carbohydrate-rich meals are the main drivers of excessive glycemic excursions during the day. The consumption of whey protein premeals or mulberry leaf extract was reported to reduce postprandial glycemia through different mechanisms of action. The efficacy of these interventions was shown to be affected by the timing of the consumption or product characteristics. Two randomised crossover studies were performed, aiming to identify the optimal conditions to improve the efficacy of these nutritional supplements in reducing a glycemic response. The acute postprandial glycemic response was monitored with a continuous glucose monitoring device. The first study revealed that a preparation featuring 10 g of whey protein microgel reduced the postprandial glucose response by up to 30% (p = 0.001) and was more efficient than the whey protein isolates, independently of whether the preparation was ingested 30 or 10 min before a complete 320 kcal breakfast. The second study revealed that a preparation featuring 250 mg mulberry leaf extract was more efficient if it was taken together with a complete 510 kcal meal (-34%, p < 0.001) rather than ingested 5 min before (-26%, p = 0.002). These findings demonstrate that the efficacy of whey proteins premeal and mulberry leaf extracts can be optimised to provide potential nutritional solutions to lower the risk of type-2 diabetes or its complications.
Effects of a multicomponent resistance-based exercise program with protein, vitamin D and calcium supplementation on cognition in men with prostate cancer treated with ADT: secondary analysis of a 12-month randomised controlled trial.; OBJECTIVES: The aim of this preplanned secondary analysis of a 12-month randomised controlled trial was to investigate the effects of a multicomponent exercise programme combined with daily whey protein, calcium and vitamin D supplementation on cognition in men with prostate cancer treated with androgen deprivation therapy (ADT)., DESIGN: 12-month, two-arm, randomised controlled trial., SETTING: University clinical exercise centre., PARTICIPANTS: 70 ADT-treated men were randomised to exercise-training plus supplementation (Ex+ Suppl, n=34) or usual care (control, n=36)., INTERVENTION: Men allocated to Ex + Suppl undertook thrice weekly resistance training with weight-bearing exercise training plus daily whey protein (25 g), calcium (1200 mg) and vitamin D (2000 IU) supplementation., PRIMARY AND SECONDARY OUTCOME MEASURES: Cognition was assessed at baseline, 6 and 12 months via a computerised battery (CogState), Trail-making test, Rey auditory-verbal learning test and Digit span. Data were analysed with linear mixed models and an intention-to-treat and prespecified per-protocol approach (exercise-training: >=66%, nutritional supplement: >=80%)., RESULTS: Sixty (86%) men completed the trial (Ex + Suppl, n=31; control, n=29). Five (7.1%) men were classified as having mild cognitive impairment at baseline. Median (IQR) adherence to the exercise and supplement was 56% (37%-82%) and 91% (66%-97%), respectively. Ex + Suppl had no effect on cognition at any time., CONCLUSIONS: A 12-month multicomponent exercise training and supplementation intervention had no significant effect on cognition in men treated with ADT for prostate cancer compared with usual care. Exercise training adherence below recommended guidelines does not support cognitive health in men treated with ADT for prostate cancer., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: Australian and New Zealand Clinical Trial Registry (ACTRN12614000317695, registered 25/03/2014) and acknowledged under the Therapeutic Goods Administration Clinical Trial Notification Scheme (CT-2015-CTN-03372-1 v1). Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2022. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Effects of a Novel High-Quality Protein Infant Formula on Energetic Efficiency and Tolerance: A Randomized Trial.; OBJECTIVES: Protein overfeeding in infants can have negative effects, such as diabetes and childhood obesity; key to reducing protein intake from formula is improving protein quality. The impact of a new infant formula [study formula (SF)] containing alpha-lactalbumin, lactoferrin, partially hydrolyzed whey, and whole milk on growth and tolerance compared to a commercial formula (CF) and a human milk reference arm was evaluated., METHODS: This randomized, double-blind trial included healthy, singleton, term infants, enrollment age <=14 days. Primary outcome was mean daily weight gain. Secondary outcomes were anthropometrics, formula intake, serum amino acids, adverse events, gastrointestinal characteristics, and general disposition., RESULTS: Non-inferiority was demonstrated. There were no differences between the formula groups for z scores over time. Formula intake [-0.33 oz/kg/day, 95% confidence interval (CI): -0.66 to -0.01, P = 0.05] and mean protein intake (-0.13 g/kg/day, 95% CI: -0.26 to 0.00, P = 0.05) were lower in the SF infants, with higher serum essential amino acid concentrations (including tryptophan) compared to the CF infants. Energetic efficiency was 14.0% (95% CI: 8.3%, 19.7%), 13.0% (95% CI: 6.0%, 20.0%), and 18.1% (95% CI: 9.4%, 26.8%) higher for weight, length, and head circumference, respectively, in SF infants compared to the CF infants. SF infants had significantly fewer spit-ups and softer stool consistency than CF infants., CONCLUSIONS: The SF resulted in improved parent-reported gastrointestinal tolerance and more efficient growth with less daily formula and protein intake supporting that this novel formula may potentially reduce the metabolic burden of protein overfeeding associated with infant formula. Copyright © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer on behalf of European Society for Pediatric Gastroenterology, Hepatology, and Nutrition and North American Society for Pediatric Gastroenterology, Hepatology, and Nutrition.
Prophylactic strategies for hand-foot syndrome/skin reaction associated with systemic cancer treatment: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.; PURPOSE: Hand-foot syndrome (HFS) and hand-foot skin reaction (HFSR) are common toxicities of several systemic cancer treatments. Multikinase inhibitor-induced HFSR is distinguished from chemotherapy-induced HFS in terms of pathogenesis, symptomatology, and treatment. Multiple trials have investigated the efficacy of preventive strategies such as COX-inhibitors, pyridoxine, and urea cream; however, no consensus has been made. This meta-analysis evaluated data from high-quality trials to provide strong evidence in forming recommendations to prevent systemic cancer therapy-induced HFS/HFSR., METHODS: A systematic search of PubMed, Embase, Cochrane, clinical trials databases, and hand searching were utilized to identify randomized trials (RCTs) investigating prophylactic strategies for HFS/HFSR in cancer patients receiving systemic treatment. Trials published until August 2021 were included. Using the random effects model, pooled odds ratios were calculated for rates of all-grade and severe HFS/HFSR. Subgroup analysis based on type of cancer treatment given was done., RESULTS: Sixteen RCTs were included (N=2814). For all-grade HFS/HFSR, celecoxib (OR 0.52, 95% CI 0.32-0.85, p=0.009) and urea cream (OR 0.48, 95% CI 0.39-0.60, p<0.00001) both showed statistically significant risk reduction. Celecoxib was effective in preventing HFS in patients who received capecitabine (50.5% vs 65%, p=0.05), while urea cream was effective in both capecitabine HFS (22.3% vs 39.5%, p=0.02) and sorafenib-induced HFSR (54.9% vs 71.4%, p<0.00001). Pyridoxine at higher doses showed a trend towards benefit in preventing all grade HFS (69.6% vs 74.1%, p=0.23)., CONCLUSIONS: Urea cream and celecoxib are both effective in preventing HFS/HFSR in patients receiving systemic cancer treatment. Particularly, celecoxib is more effective in preventing all-grade capecitabine-induced HFS, while urea cream shows more benefit in preventing moderate to severe sorafenib-induced HFSR. Studies investigating optimal dosing for celecoxib and urea cream are recommended. There is inadequate evidence to make recommendations regarding pyridoxine. Copyright © 2022. The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
Activity and safety of topical pimecrolimus in patients with early stage mycosis fungoides (PimTo-MF): a single-arm, multicentre, phase 2 trial.; BACKGROUND: The calcineurin pathway is often activated in mycosis fungoides. We aimed to assess the activity and safety of topical pimecrolimus, a calcineurin inhibitor, in patients with early mycosis fungoides., METHODS: PimTo-MF was a single-arm, multicentre, phase 2 trial done at six medical centres in Spain. Patients (aged >=18 years) had histologically confirmed early mycosis fungoides (stages IA-IIA) and an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status of 0-1. Key exclusion criteria included the use of concurrent treatments for mycosis fungoides, including sunbathing, topical or systemic corticosteroids, and other calcineurin inhibitors. Patients applied topical pimecrolimus 1% cream on their skin lesions twice daily for 16 weeks (1 g per 2% of body surface), with subsequent follow-up of 12 months. Dosage modifications were not allowed. To evaluate adherence to the treatment, patients were instructed to return all empty tubes to the hospital (as per drug accountability protocols). The primary endpoint was the overall response ratein the intention-to-treat population. PimTo-MF is registered with EudraCT, 2014-001377-14, and is complete., FINDINGS: Between March 1, 2015, and Sept 30, 2016, 39 patients were enrolled. All patients were assessable, with a median age of 51.5 years (IQR 45-62), and the population was predominantly male (24 male [62%], 15 female [38%]). Median follow-up after baseline was 5.7 years (IQR 5.7-6.2). 22 (56%) of 39 patients had an overall response (one complete response, 21 partial responses). Responses were observed across IA (14 [54%] of 26 patients) and IB (eight [73%] of 11 patients) clinical stages, but not IIA. Topical pimecrolimus was well tolerated and no patient required a dose reduction or discontinued treatment because of unacceptable drug-related toxicity. No patients were lost to follow-up or discontinued treatment. 13 (33%) of 39 patients reported adverse events; transitory mild burning or pruritus (grade 1) was the most common, seen in eight (21%) patients. In three (8%) of these patients, the burning or pruritus was considered related to treatment. No grade 4 or 5 adverse events were observed., INTERPRETATION: Pimecrolimus 1% cream seems active and safe in patients with early stage mycosis fungoides. Our findings should be taken with caution until long-term follow-up data are obtained that confirm the safety of this treatment. Further controlled clinical trials are warranted to confirm these results., FUNDING: Instituto de Salud Carlos III and the European Regional Development Fund., TRANSLATION: For the Spanish translation of the abstract see Supplementary Materials section. Copyright © 2022 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Human Milk Metabolomics Are Related to Maternal Adiposity, Infant Growth Rate and Allergies: The Chinese Human Milk Project.; The metabolomic profiles of Chinese human milk have been poorly documented. The objective of the study was to explore associations between human milk metabotypes, maternal adiposity, infant growth patterns, and risk of allergies. Two hundred mother-infant dyads from seven cities were randomly selected from the Chinese Human Milk Project (CHMP). Untargeted human milk metabolomic profiles were determined using HPLC-MS/MS. Two human milk metabotypes were identified using principal component analysis. Principal component (PC) 1 was characterized by high linoleic acid metabolites with low purine nucleosides and metabolites of glutamate and glutathione metabolism. PC 2 was characterized by high glycerophospholipids and sphingomyelins content. Higher PC1 scores were associated with slower infant growth rate and higher ambient temperature (p < 0.05). Higher PC 2 scores were related to higher maternal BMI and increased risk of infant allergies (p < 0.05). Future work is needed to understand the biologic mechanisms of these human milk metabotypes.
Urate-lowering effect of calcium supplementation: Analyses of a randomized controlled trial.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate if the gout-protective effect of low-fat dairy products could be attributed to the urate-lowering effect of calcium., METHODS: This is a placebo-controlled trial in which thirty-five adult (aged 18-42 years) female low-calcium consumers (<800 mg/d) were randomized to one of three treatment groups: low calcium breakfast (control, ~70 mg of calcium/d) -C or high-calcium breakfast (~770 mg/d) from calcium citrate - CIT or from skim milk - SM, during 45 consecutive days. Breakfasts were matched for potential confounders and were provided as part of an energy-restricted normoprotein diet containing an additional 800 mg of calcium/d. Dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry measurements (body fat assessment) and fasting blood samples (urate, ionic calcium, PTH, and 1,25-(OH)2-D3) were taken at baseline and the end of the experiment., CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: http://www.ensaiosclinicos.gov.br/ (RBR-7Q2N33)., RESULTS: Despite no significant changes in total body weight/fat, CIT and SM led to a significant reduction in serum urate and ionic calcium, but did not affect PTH and vitamin D concentrations compared to C. CIT and SM reduced baseline serum urate by ~14% and ~17%, respectively. There was a trend to a positive correlation between changes in serum urate and changes in ionic calcium on day 45 (r = 0.327, P = 0.055)., CONCLUSIONS: Calcium supplementation (770 mg/d from dairy or calcium citrate) reduced serum urate concentrations, suggesting that the gout-protective effect of low-fat dairy consumption is at least partly due to a urate-lowering effect of calcium. Copyright © 2022 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Thrice daily consumption of a novel, premeal shot containing a low dose of whey protein increases time in euglycemia during 7 days of free-living in individuals with type 2 diabetes.; INTRODUCTION: During acute feeding trials, consuming a large dose of whey protein (WP) before meals improves postprandial glucose regulation in people with type 2 diabetes. It is unclear if the reported benefits of premeal WP supplementation are translatable to everyday care or are associated with clinically meaningful, real-world glycemic outcomes. This study examined the application of a novel, premeal shot containing a low dose of WP on parameters of free-living glycemic control in people with type 2 diabetes., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In a randomized, placebo-controlled, single-blind crossover design, 18 insulin naive individuals with type 2 diabetes ((mean+/-SD) age, 50+/-6 years; HbA1c (glycated hemoglobin), 7.4%+/-0.8%; duration of diabetes, 6+/-5 years) consumed a ready-to-drink WP shot (15 g of protein) or a nutrient-depleted placebo beverage 10 min before breakfast, lunch, and dinner over a 7-day free-living period. Free-living glucose control was measured by blinded continuous glucose monitoring and determined by the percentage of time spent above range (>10 mmol/L), in euglycemic range (3.9-10.0 mmol/L), below range (<3.9 mmol/L) and mean glucose concentrations., RESULTS: Mealtime WP supplementation reduced the prevalence of daily hyperglycemia by 8%+/-19% (30%+/-25% vs 38%+/-28%, p<0.05), thereby enabling a 9%+/-19% (~2 hours/day) increase in the time spent in euglycemia (p<0.05). Mean 24-hour blood glucose concentrations were 0.6+/-1.2 mmol/L lower during WP compared with placebo (p<0.05). Similar improvements in glycemic control were observed during the waken period with premeal WP supplementation (p<0.05), whereas nocturnal glycemic control was unaffected (p>0.05). Supplemental compliance/acceptance was high (>98%), and no adverse events were reported., CONCLUSIONS: Consuming a novel premeal WP shot containing 15 g of protein before each main meal reduces the prevalence of daily hyperglycemia, thereby enabling a greater amount of time spent in euglycemic range per day over 7 days of free-living in people with type 2 diabetes., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ISRCTN17563146; www.isrctn.com/ISRCTN17563146. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2022. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Whey protein supplementation improves postprandial glycemia in persons with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.; Whey protein (WP) can increase insulin secretion, produce an incretin effect, delay gastric emptying, and regulate appetite, resulting in improved glycemic control. We hypothesized that WP supplementation is associated with postprandial glycemia regulation in persons with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and conducted a quantitative meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) to test this hypothesis. We searched PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library, Scopus databases, and the ClinicalTrials.gov registry for relevant RCTs published before March 2022. We assessed the pooled effects using a random-effects model on glucose and insulin levels at 60 and 120 minutes, total glucagon-like peptide-1 (tGLP-1) at 30 and 60 minutes, and the incremental area under the curve (iAUC) of glucose, insulin, tGLP-1, and glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide. Five RCTs involving 134 persons were included. Postprandial glycemia was significantly lower at 60 minutes (weighted mean difference: -2.67 mmol/L; 95% confidence interval, -3.62 to -1.72 mmol/L) and 120 minutes (-1.59 mmol/L; -2.91 to -0.28 mmol/L) in WP group than in placebo group. The iAUC of insulin was significantly higher in WP group (24.66 nmol/L x min, 1.65-47.66 nmol/L x min) than in placebo group. Although other results favored the WP group, differences between the groups were not statistically significant. The present study showed that premeal WP supplementation is beneficial for postprandial glycemia in persons with mild or well-controlled T2DM without substantial adverse effects. However, the level of certainty of current evidence is not high enough. Further larger and well-designed clinical trials are warranted for evaluating optimal dose and long-term effects of WP supplementation. Copyright © 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Intensified training in adolescent female athletes: a crossover study of Greek yogurt effects on indices of recovery.; Background: During a period of intensified exercise (e.g. training/identification camps), often undertaken by competitive youth athletes, the maintenance of muscle function and peak performance can become challenging due to an accumulation of fatigue. The provision of post-exercise dairy protein in adults has been previously shown to accelerate recovery; however, its efficacy in youth athletes is currently unknown. Therefore, the purpose of this study was to examine the effects of increased dairy protein consumption with plain Greek yogurt (GY) on performance and recovery indices during an intensified soccer training camp in adolescent female soccer players., Methods: Thirteen players (14.3 +/- 1.3 years) participated in a randomized, double blinded, crossover design study where they received 3 servings/day of either GY (~115 kcal, 17 g protein, ~11.5 g carbohydrates) or an isoenergetic carbohydrate control (CHO, ~115 kcal, 0.04 g protein, ~28.6 g carbohydrates) during two 5-day soccer-specific training camps. Performance was assessed before and after each training camp. Fasted, morning, creatine kinase (CK), insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin 6 (IL6), interleukin 10 (IL10) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNFalpha) were measured in plasma pre- and post-training., Results: Training led to decrements in counter-movement jump (p = 0.01), broad jump (p = 0.04) and aerobic capacity (p = 0.006), with no effect of GY. A significant increase in anti-inflammatory cytokine IL10 was observed from pre- to post-training in GY (+26% [p = 0.008]) but not in CHO (p = 0.89). CRP and CK increased (+65% [p = 0.005] and +119% [p <= 0.001], respectively), while IGF-1 decreased (-34% [p <= 0.001]) from pre- to post-training with no difference between conditions., Conclusions: These results demonstrate that consumption of GY did not offer any added recovery benefit with respect to measures of performance and in the attenuation of exercise-induced muscle damage above that achieved with energy-matched carbohydrate in this group of young female soccer players. However, regular consumption of GY may assist with the acute anti-inflammatory response during periods of intensified training in adolescent athletes. Copyright © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
Effects of dietary polyphenols in the glycemic, renal, inflammatory, and oxidative stress biomarkers in diabetic nephropathy: a systematic review with meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.; CONTEXT: Polyphenols have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and anti-glycation properties., OBJECTIVE: To assess the effects of dietary polyphenols, from food sources or supplements, on the anthropometric, glycemic, renal, inflammatory, and oxidative stress markers in adults with diabetic nephropathy (DN)., DATA SOURCES: Systematic searches for randomized clinical trials were performed in MEDLINE, Embase, CENTRAL, Web of Science, LILACS, SciELO, opengrey.eu, and ClinicalTrials.gov databases until December 2021., DATA EXTRACTION: Studies with adults with DN were included. Random-effects meta-analyses were conducted. Risk of bias of the studies and Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluation assessment were carried out., DATA ANALYSIS: The searches resulted in 5614 unique occurrences, and 34 full-text articles were retrieved. Of these, 17 studies were included in the qualitative synthesis. Most of the studies used soy protein or milk (n = 5; 0.5-1 g/kg of body weight/d of soy protein, or introduction of 240 mL/d of soy milk) or turmeric/curcumin (n = 5; dose range, 80 to 1500 mg/d) as the intervention. The following outcomes were analyzed: body mass index, glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), proteinuria, creatinine clearance, glomerular filtration rate (GFR), urinary albumin to creatinine ratio, and levels of fasting blood glucose, insulin, serum urea and creatinine, C-reactive protein, serum tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and serum malondialdehyde (MDA). The polyphenol intervention significantly decreased HbA1c (n = 7 studies; -0.27% [95%CI, -0.51%, -0.04%]), proteinuria (n = 5 studies; -109.10 [95%CI, -216.57, -1.63] mg/24 h), and MDA (n = 5 studies; z-score: -0.41; 95%CI, -0.71, -0.10), and significantly increased GFR (n = 7 studies; 3.65 [95%CI, 0.15-7.15] mL/min/1.73 m2). Overall, studies showed a high risk of bias, and outcomes showed a low or very-low quality in the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluation assessment., CONCLUSIONS: There is a clinically modest effect of dietary polyphenols intervention in HbA1c, proteinuria, GFR, MDA, and C-reactive protein levels in patients with DN. It is impossible to establish clinical recommendations, because the evidence was of' low or very-low quality and because of the heterogeneity of types and dose regimens used in the studies., SYSTEMATIC REVIEW REGISTRATION: PROSPERO registration no. ID245406. Copyright © The Author(s) 2022. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the International Life Sciences Institute. All rights reserved. For permissions, please e-mail: journals.permissions@oup.com.
Dressings and topical agents for the management of open wounds after surgical treatment for sacrococcygeal pilonidal sinus.; BACKGROUND: Sacrococcygeal pilonidal sinus disease is a common debilitating condition that predominantly affects young adults, with a profound impact on their activities of daily living. The condition is treated surgically, and in some cases the wound in the natal cleft is left open to heal by itself. Many dressings and topical agents are available to aid healing of these wounds., OBJECTIVES: To assess the effects of dressings and topical agents for the management of open wounds following surgical treatment for sacrococcygeal pilonidal sinus in any care setting., SEARCH METHODS: In March 2021, we searched the Cochrane Wounds Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase and EBSCO CINAHL Plus. We also searched clinical trials registries for ongoing and unpublished studies, and we scanned reference lists of included studies, reviews, meta-analyses and health technology reports to identify additional studies. There were no restrictions with respect to language, date of publication or study setting., SELECTION CRITERIA: We included parallel-group randomised controlled trials (RCTs) only. We included studies with participants who had undergone any type of sacrococcygeal pilonidal sinus disease surgery and were left with an open wound., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: We used the standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. We used GRADE to assess the certainty of the evidence for each outcome., MAIN RESULTS: We included 11 RCTs comprising 932 participants. Two studies compared topical negative pressure wound therapy (TNPWT) with conventional open wound healing, two studies compared platelet-rich plasma with sterile absorbent gauze, and the other seven studies compared various dressings and topical agents. All studies were at high risk of bias in at least one domain, whilst one study was judged to be at low risk of bias in all but one domain. All studies were conducted in secondary care. Mean participant ages were between 20 and 30 years, and nearly 80% of participants were male. No studies provided data on quality of life, cost-effectiveness, pain at first dressing change or proportion of wounds healed at 6 or 12 months, and very few adverse effects were recorded in any study. It is unclear whether TNPWT reduces time to wound healing compared with conventional open wound healing (comparison 1), as the certainty of evidence is very low. The two studies provided conflicting results, with one study showing benefit (mean difference (MD) -24.01 days, 95% confidence interval (CI) -35.65 to -12.37; 19 participants), whilst the other reported no difference. It is also unclear whether TNPWT has any effect on the proportion of wounds healed by 30 days (risk ratio (RR) 3.60, 95% CI 0.49 to 26.54; 19 participants, 1 study; very low-certainty evidence). Limited data were available for our secondary outcomes time to return to normal daily activities and recurrence rate; we do not know whether TNPWT has any effect on these outcomes. Lietofix cream may increase the proportion of wounds that heal by 30 days compared with an iodine dressing (comparison 4; RR 8.06, 95% CI 1.05 to 61.68; 205 participants, 1 study; low-certainty evidence). The study did not provide data on time to wound healing. We do not know whether hydrogel dressings reduce time to wound healing compared with wound cleaning with 10% povidone iodine (comparison 5; MD -24.54 days, 95% CI -47.72 to -1.36; 31 participants, 1 study; very low-certainty evidence). The study did not provide data on the proportion of wounds healed. It is unclear whether hydrogel dressings have any effect on adverse effects as the certainty of the evidence is very low. Platelet-rich plasma may reduce time to wound healing compared with sterile absorbent gauze (comparison 6; MD -19.63 days, 95% CI -34.69 to -4.57; 210 participants, 2 studies; low-certainty evidence). No studies provided data on the proportion of wounds healed. Platelet-rich plasma may reduce time to return to normal daily activities (MD -15.49, 95% CI -28.95 to -2.02; 210 participants, 2 studies; low-certainty evidence). Zinc oxide mesh may make little or no difference to time to wound healing compared with placebo (comparison 2; median 54 days in the zinc oxide mesh group versus 62 days in the placebo mesh group; low-certainty evidence). We do not know whether zinc oxide mesh has an effect on the proportion of wounds healed by 30 days as the certainty of the evidence is very low (RR 2.35, 95% CI 0.49 to 11.23). It is unclear whether gentamicin-impregnated collagen sponge reduces time to wound healing compared with no dressing (comparison 7; MD -1.40 days, 95% CI -5.05 to 2.25; 50 participants, 1 study; very low-certainty evidence). The study did not provide data on the proportion of wounds healed. Dialkylcarbamoyl chloride (DACC)-coated dressings may make little or no difference to time to wound healing compared with alginate dressings (comparison 8; median 69 (95% CI 62 to 72) days in the DACC group versus 71 (95% CI 69 to 85) days in the alginate group; 1 study, 246 participants; low-certainty evidence). One study compared a polyurethane foam hydrophilic dressing with an alginate dressing (comparison 3) whilst another study compared a hydrocolloid dressing with an iodine dressing (comparison 9). It is unclear whether either intervention has any effect on time to wound healing as the certainty of evidence is very low., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: At present, the evidence that any of the dressings or topical agents contained in this review have a benefit on time to wound healing, the proportion of wounds that heal at a specific time point or on any of the secondary outcomes of our review ranges from low certainty to very low certainty. There is low-certainty evidence on the benefit on wound healing of platelet-rich plasma from two studies and of Lietofix cream and hydrogel dressings from single studies. Further studies are required to investigate these interventions further. Copyright © 2022 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Comparative efficacy of topical coconut cream and clobetasol propionate ointment for the management of oral lichen planus: A double-blinded randomized control trial.; CONTEXT: Oral lichen planus (OLP) is a quite common chronic inflammatory mucocutaneous disorder affecting the oral cavity and skin. The current treatment relies on systemic or topical corticosteroids but is known to cause side effects thereby demanding a search for an alternative., AIM: This study aims to assess and to compare the efficacy of topical Coconut (Cocos nucifera) 50% cream and Clobetasol propionate 0.05% ointment for the management of OLP., SETTINGS AND DESIGN: An institution-based double-blinded randomized control trial., MATERIALS AND METHODS: Sixty clinically diagnosed OLP patients were allotted to two groups (30 in each): Group I (Coconut cream-50%) and Group II (Clobetasol Propionate ointment-0.05%). Patients were examined every 15 days until two months for a change in the lesion size and reduction in the burning sensation. The measurement of lesion size and burning sensation was done using Adobe Photoshop software (version CS3) and Numeric Pain Rating scale (NPS), respectively., STATISTICAL ANALYSIS USED: The recordings were subjected to the statistical analysis using Wilcoxon matched-pairs and Mann-Whitney U tests for intra-group and inter-group comparisons, respectively., RESULTS: There was an 85% regression in the size of the lesion in Group I whereas Group II had it to be 95%, and a 100% reduction in the NPS score in Group I whereas Group II had it to be 95%., CONCLUSION: The Coconut cream showed a significant decrease in the size of the lesion and the burning sensation with no side effects neither any signs of toxicity reported during the treatment or follow-up, thereby proving to be a safe and promising medication for OLP.
The impact of probiotic yogurt versus ordinary yogurt on serum sTWEAK, sCD163, ADMA, LCAT and BUN in patients with chronic heart failure: a randomized, triple-blind, controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: To date, no study has investigated the effects of probiotic yogurt as a functional food in patients with chronic heart failure (CHF). Therefore, the aim of this study was to compare the impact of probiotic yogurt versus ordinary yogurt on inflammatory, endothelial, lipid and renal indices in CHF patients. In this randomized, triple-blind clinical trial, 90 patients with CHF were randomly allocated into two groups to take either probiotic or ordinary yogurt for 10 weeks. Serum levels of soluble tumor necrosis factor-like weak inducer of apoptosis (sTWEAK), soluble cluster of differentiation 163 (sCD163), asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA), and lecithin cholesterol acyltransferase (LCAT) were measured by using ELISA kits, and blood urea nitrogen (BUN) was measured by calorimetry method at baseline and at the end of trial. The P-value <0.05 was defined as statistically significant., RESULTS: Seventy-eight patients completed the study. At the end of the intervention, the levels of sTWEAK in both groups increased significantly, and this increase was greater in the probiotic yogurt group [691.84 (335.60, 866.95)] compared to control group [581.96 (444.99, 929.40)], and the difference between the groups was statistically significant after adjusting for confounders (P-value: 0.257, adjusted P-value: 0.038). However, no significant differences were found between the groups in the cases of other study indices., CONCLUSION: Probiotic yogurt may be useful for improving the inflammatory status in patients with CHF through increasing sTWEAK levels, however, further studies are needed in this area. © 2022 Society of Chemical Industry. Copyright © 2022 Society of Chemical Industry.
The Paget Trial: topical 5% imiquimod cream for noninvasive vulvar Paget disease.; BACKGROUND: Vulvar Paget disease is an extremely rare skin disorder, which is most common in postmenopausal women. Most vulvar Paget disease cases are noninvasive; however, it may be invasive or associated with an underlying vulvar or distant adenocarcinoma. The current treatment of choice for noninvasive vulvar Paget disease is wide local excision, which is challenging because of extensive intraepithelial spread and may cause severe morbidity. Recurrence rates are high, ranging from 15% to 70%, which emphasizes the need for new treatment options. Imiquimod, a topical immune response modifier, has been shown to be effective in a few studies and case reports, and is a promising new treatment modality., OBJECTIVE: To prospectively investigate the efficacy, safety, and effect on quality of life of a standardized treatment schedule with 5% imiquimod cream in patients with noninvasive vulvar Paget disease., STUDY DESIGN: The Paget Trial is a multicenter prospective observational clinical study including 7 tertiary referral hospitals in the Netherlands. A total of 24 patients with noninvasive vulvar Paget disease were treated with topical 5% imiquimod cream 3 times a week for 16 weeks. The primary efficacy outcome was the reduction in lesion size at 12 weeks after the end of treatment. Secondary outcomes were safety, clinical response after 1 year, and quality of life. Safety was assessed by evaluation of adverse events and tolerability of treatment. Quality of life was investigated with 3 questionnaires taken before, during, and after treatment., RESULTS: Data were available for 23 patients, 82.6% of whom responded to therapy. A complete response was reported in 12 patients (52.2%), and 7 patients (30.4%) had a partial response. A histologic complete response was observed in 10 of the 12 patients with a complete response. Patients experienced side effects such as fatigue (66.7%-70.9%) and headaches (16.7%-45.8%), and almost 80% needed painkillers during treatment. Eight patients (34.8%) adjusted the treatment protocol to 2 applications a week, and 3 patients (13.0%) stopped treatment because of side effects after 4 to 11 weeks. Treatment improved quality of life, whereas a slight, temporary negative impact was observed during treatment. Two patients with a complete response developed a recurrence within 1 year after treatment. Follow-up showed 6 patients with a noninvasive recurrence after a median of 31 months (14-46 months) after the end of treatment., CONCLUSION: Topical 5% imiquimod cream can be an effective and safe treatment alternative for noninvasive vulvar Paget disease, particularly when compared with treatment with surgical excision. Copyright © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The Effects of 12-Weeks Whey Protein Supplements on Markers of Bone Turnover in Adults With Abdominal Obesity - A Post Hoc Analysis.; Background: While osteoporosis is characterized by skeletal fragility due to increased bone turnover and low bone mineral density (BMD), subjects with abdominal obesity and type-2 diabetes have increased risk of bone fractures despite low bone turnover and increased BMD. Diets with increased protein content are reported to increase bone turnover in healthy adults and may be a point of interest in preserving bone strength in subjects with abdominal obesity and/or type-2 diabetes., Methods: We examined the effect of 12-weeks dietary intervention on bone turnover in 64 adults with abdominal obesity using data from the MERITS trial. The trial was a randomized, controlled, double blinded study in which participants were allocated to receive either 60 g/d of whey protein hydrolysate or maltodextrin in combination with either high (30 g/d) or low dietary fiber intake (10 g/d). Primarily, we assessed changes in plasma markers of bone turnover Procollagen type 1 N-terminal propeptide (p1NP), C-terminal telopeptide type-1 collagen (CTX), and parathyroid hormone (PTH) within the four intervention groups. In addition, we measured u-calcium and u-carbamide excretion, 25(OH)D, and BMD by whole body DXA scans. Finally, we compared changes in insulin resistance (Homeostasis-model assessment of insulin resistance, HOMA-IR) with changes in bone turnover markers. The trial was registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02931630., Results: Sixty-four subjects were included in the study. We did not find any effect of twelve weeks of high protein or high fiber intake on plasma levels of P1NP or CTX. There was a nonsignificant positive association between protein intake and PTH levels (p=0.06). U-calcium and u-carbamide increased in both protein groups. There was a positive association between change in HOMA-IR and PTH (p=0.042), while changes in P1NP and CTX did not associate to changes in HOMA-IR., Conclusion: Twelve weeks of increased whey protein intake in subjects with abdominal obesity did not affect markers of bone turnover significantly, although tended to increase PTH levels. Dietary fiber intake did not affect bone turnover. We report a positive association between change in HOMA-IR and PTH supporting a hypothesis of insulin resistance as a potential key factor in the expanding field of bone fragility in T2D subjects. Copyright © 2022 Fuglsang-Nielsen, Rakvaag, Vestergaard, Hermansen, Gregersen and Starup-Linde.
Probiotic kefir consumption improves serum apolipoprotein A1 levels in metabolic syndrome patients: a randomized controlled clinical trial.; Metabolic syndrome has become a major health hazard of the modern world. Studies investigating the effects of traditional fermented foods on metabolic syndrome are limited. We hypothesized that regular kefir consumption could improve the anthropometrical measurements, glycemic control, lipid profile, blood pressure, and inflammatory status in patients with metabolic syndrome. Sixty-two participants were randomly assigned to receive either 180 mL/d probiotic kefir or unfermented milk for 12 weeks. Dietary intake, anthropometrical measurements, biochemical status, and blood pressure were assessed at baseline and the end of weeks 4, 8, and 12. Serum apolipoprotein A1 concentration increased by 3.4% in the kefir group, whereas it decreased by 2.4% in the milk group in 12 weeks (P = .03). A subgroup analysis for participants with low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels >130 mg/dL showed that serum LDL-C and apolipoprotein B concentrations (7.6% and 5.4%, respectively) significantly decreased with kefir consumption compared with the baseline values at the 12th week (P < .05), but not compared with milk consumption (P > .05). Both milk and kefir consumption was associated with lower systolic and diastolic blood pressure compared with the baseline (P < .05). The 12-weeks of kefir administration also decreased serum tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin 6, interleukin 10, interferon-gamma, and homocysteine concentrations significantly (P < .05). In conclusion, regular dairy consumption as part of a well-balanced diet can provide favorable effects in the management of metabolic syndrome, and probiotic kefir may deserve a special interest among dairy products. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov (NCT03966846). Copyright © 2022. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Topical Imiquimod Treatment of High-grade Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia (TOPIC-3): A Nonrandomized Multicenter Study.; Topical imiquimod could be an alternative, noninvasive, treatment modality for high-grade cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN). However, evidence is limited, and there are no studies that compared treatment effectiveness and side effects of topical imiquimod cream to standard large loop excision of the transformation zone (LLETZ) treatment. A multi-center, nonrandomized controlled trial was performed among women with a histologic diagnosis of CIN 2/3. Women were treated with either vaginal imiquimod (6.25 mg 3 times weekly for 8 to 16 wk) or LLETZ according to their own preference. Successful treatment was defined as the absence of high-grade dysplasia at the first follow-up interval after treatment (at 20 wk for the imiquimod group and at 26 wk for the LLETZ group). Secondary outcome measures were high-risk human papillomavirus (hrHPV) clearance, side effects, and predictive factors for successful imiquimod treatment. Imiquimod treatment was successful in 60% of women who completed imiquimod treatment and 95% of women treated with LLETZ. hrHPV clearance occurred in 69% and 67% in the imiquimod group and LLETZ group, respectively. This study provides further evidence on topical imiquimod cream as a feasible and safe treatment modality for high-grade CIN. Although the effectiveness is considerably lower than LLETZ treatment, imiquimod treatment could prevent initial surgical treatment in over 40% of women and should be offered to a selected population of women who wish to avoid (repeated) surgical treatment of high-grade CIN. Copyright © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Is Associated with Altered Abundance of Exosomal MicroRNAs in Human Milk.; PURPOSE: Human milk (HM) is a unique biological fluid that is enriched with a variety of factors, including microRNAs (miRNAs) that potentially provide both short- and long-term benefits to the infants. miRNAs are packaged within exosomes, making them bioavailable to infants. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) may affect the abundance of exosomal miRNAs in HM, providing a mechanism for growth and adiposity variation in infants of mothers with GDM in early life. Therefore, the purposes of this study were to examine the impact of GDM on select miRNAs (miRNA-148a, miRNA-30b, miRNA-let-7a, and miRNA-let-7d) involved in metabolism and to examine the association of these miRNAs with measures of infant body composition in the first 6 months of life., METHODS: Milk samples were collected from a cohort of 94 mothers (62 mothers without GDM and 32 mothers with GDM) matched on body mass index strata at 1 month post partum. miRNA abundance was measured by real-time polymerase chain reaction. Linear regression models were used to examine potential differences in miRNA abundance in women with and without GDM, testing associations between miRNA abundance and infant growth and body composition measures from 1 to 6 months., FINDINGS: The abundances of miRNA-148a, miRNA-30b, miRNA-let-7a, and miRNA-let-7d were reduced in milk from mothers with GDM. Independent of GDM status, higher maternal diet quality was associated with increased abundance of each of the measured miRNAs. miRNA-148a was negatively associated with infant weight, percentage of body fat, and fat mass, whereas miRNA-30b was positively associated with infant weight and fat mass at 1 month of age. There was no association of milk miRNA-148a and miRNA-30b with infant weight at 1 month of age or with body composition measures at 3 months of age; however, miRNA-148a was negatively associated with infant weight at 6 months of age., IMPLICATIONS: If supported by randomized dietary supplementation or other intervention trials, HM miRNAs may be a therapeutic target to mitigate risk of metabolic outcomes in offspring of women with GDM. Copyright © 2022. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Validation of the prophylactic efficacy of urea-based creams on sorafenib-induced hand-foot skin reaction in patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma: A randomised experiment study.; BACKGROUND: Hand-foot skin reaction may influence the effectiveness of patients' treatment, patient quality of life, and the economics of health care. An effective prophylactic dermatological cream for preventing sorafenib-induced hand-foot skin reaction (HFSR) is yet to be identified., AIM: The aim of this study is validated the prophylactic efficacy of urea-based creams on sorafenib-induced hand-foot skin reaction in patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma., METHODS: This was a randomised double-blind experimental study. A total of 129 patients with advanced HCC were randomly assigned to three groups. The comparison group received best supportive care (BSC), group A received BSC plus a moisturising cream, and group B received BSC plus a 10% urea-based cream. Incidence of HFSR and cutaneous wetness were assessed 3 days before starting sorafenib and each week after starting sorafenib for 8 weeks., RESULTS: No significant difference was observed in the incidence density of sorafenib-induced HFSK (comparison group/A group, p > .05; comparison group/B group, p > .05). Group B reported significantly better cutaneous wetness of hands in the seventh week after starting sorafenib (p < .05) and of feet during the first 6 weeks (p < .05-.001)., CONCLUSION: This study found a nut size amount of a 10% urea-based cream applied twice a day can maintain patients' cutaneous wetness in the first 6 weeks after starting sorafenib than moisturising-alone cream. But it cannot reduce the occurrence of HFSR. Thus, the result supports nut-size dose of the 10% urea-based cream three times a day may be an appropriate dose to prevent HFSR. Clinical Trail Registration Number: NCT04568330. Copyright © 2021 The Authors. Cancer Reports published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Effect of Camel Milk on Glucose Homeostasis in Patients with Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.; The effects of camel milk (CM) intake on glycemic control in patients with diabetes are controversial. This systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) was conducted to summarize the effect of CM intake on glucose homeostasis parameters in patients with both types of diabetes mellitus; T1DM and T2DM. We searched Google Scholar, PubMed/MEDLINE, EBSCO host, CINAHL, ScienceDirect, Cochrane, ProQuest Medical, Web of Science, and Scopus databases from inception until the end of November 2021. Relevant RCTs were identified, and the effect size was reported as mean difference (MD) and standard deviation (SD). Parameters of glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), fasting blood glucose (FBG), postprandial blood glucose (PBG), fasting serum insulin (FI), insulin resistance (expressed in terms of HOMA-IR), insulin dose (ID) received, serum insulin antibody (IA), and C-peptide (CP) were tested. Out of 4054 collected articles, 14 RCTs (total 663 subjects) were eligible for inclusion. The pooled results obtained using a random-effects model showed a statistically significant decrease in HbA1c levels (MD, -1.24, 95% confidence interval (CI): -2.00, -0.48, p < 0.001 heterogeneity (I2) = 94%) and ID received (MD, -16.72, 95% CI: -22.09, -11.35 p < 0.00001, I2 = 90%), with a clear tendency was shown, but non-significant, to decrease FBG (MD, -23.32, 95% CI: -47.33, 0.70, p = 0.06, I2 = 98%) in patients with diabetes who consumed CM in comparison to those on usual care. Conversely, the consumption of CM did not show significant reductions in the rest of the glucose homeostasis parameters. Subgroup analysis revealed that patients with T2DM were more beneficially affected by CM intake than those with T1DM in lowering FBG, while patients with T1DM were more beneficially affected by CM intake than those with T2DM in lowering HbA1c. Both fresh and treated (pasteurized/fermented) CM gave similar beneficial effects in lowering HbA1c. Lastly, a relatively superior effect for longer duration on shorter duration (>6 months, <=6 months, respectively) of CM intake is found in lowering HbA1c. To conclude, long-term consumption of CM by patients with diabetes could be a useful adjuvant therapy alongside classical medications, especially in lowering the required insulin dose and HbA1c. Due to the high heterogeneity observed in the included studies, more controlled trials with a larger sample size are warranted to confirm our results and to control some confounders and interfering factors existing in the analyzed articles.
A sex- and gender-based analysis of factors associated with linear growth in infants in Ecuadorian Andes.; Although female infants may have an early life biological advantage over males, gendered treatment can alter health outcomes. Ecuador has an unusually high ratio of male to female infant mortality, but gender norms have been reported to favor boys. This analysis of baseline data from the Lulun Project, a randomized controlled trial conducted in rural Andean communities of Ecuador, investigates the roles of sex and gender in undernutrition among infants 6 to 9 months of age. Twenty-four-hour recall frequencies were used to assess dietary intake. Food outcome models were analyzed as prevalence ratios calculated using a binomial distribution with a log link or robust Poisson regression. Linear regression was used to analyze the continuous growth outcome length-for-age z score. Socioeconomic and health history variables were comparable between male and female infants. Boys were more often fed liquids other than breastmilk within their first 3 days of life (17.1% vs. 5.2%, P = 0.026). Compared with girls, boys were less likely to be fed eggs by 33% (95% CI 0.46, 0.96), cheese, yogurt, or other milk products by 40% (95% CI 0.39, 0.92), yellow fruit by 44% (95% CI 0.33, 0.97), water by 37% (95% CI 0.45, 0.88), thin porridge by 29% (95% CI 0.56, 0.92), and tea without milk by 67% (95% CI 0.11, 0.99). Prevalence of boys with an adequate dietary diversity score (>= 4) was reduced by 27% relative to girls (95% CI 0.54, 0.99). Males fared worse in length-for-age z scores (- 2.16 vs. - 1.56, P = 0.000), weight-for-age z scores (- 0.86 vs. - 0.33, P = 0.002), prevalence of stunting (50.6% vs. 23.4%, P = 0.000), and plasma concentrations of dimethylglycine (1.25 vs. 1.65 microg/mL, P = 0.021). After adjusting for demographic, caregiver perceptions of appetite, and biological factors, length-for-age z score for a male child was 0.62 units lower than for a female (95% CI - 0.98, - 0.26). Male infants were shown to receive lower quality complementary foods and have worse anthropometric measures than female infants.Trial registration clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02446873. Registered February 28, 2015, https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02446873 . Copyright © 2022. The Author(s).
Therapeutic Effects of Milk Thistle (Silybum marianum L.) and Artichoke (Cynara scolymus L.) on Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Type 2 Diabetic Rats.; BACKGROUND: At present, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) does not have an approved pharmacologic therapy. The present study investigated the protective effects and possible mechanisms of milk thistle (Silybum marianum L.) and artichoke (Cynara scolymus L.) in treating NAFLD in type 2 diabetic rats., METHODS: The NAFLD was established in rats after four weeks of type 2 diabetes induction. The animals were treated with pharmaceutical preparations of milk thistle (Livergol R) and artichoke (Atheromod-B R) extracts for eight weeks. After the end of the intervention, oral glucose tolerance, the serum parameters of oxidative stress, liver functional tests, and lipid profiles were evaluated. Histopathological changes were assessed by hematoxylin and eosin staining., RESULTS: Treatment with preparations of milk thistle and artichoke nonsignificantly improved glucose tolerance in diabetic rats. Both preparations significantly improved serum superoxide dismutase activity and the level of malondialdehyde. Although treatment with milk thistle reduced serum activity of aspartate aminotransferase and serum levels of triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol, and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, artichoke extracts only attenuated the serum level of TG. Milk thistle also effectively protected the liver from histological changes., CONCLUSIONS: Milk thistle could be a promising pharmacological option for the treatment of NAFLD. Nonetheless, long-term randomized clinical trials are necessary to confirm the observed results. Copyright © 2022 Aida Doostkam et al.
Plasma lathosterol measures rates of cholesterol synthesis and efficiency of dietary phytosterols in reducing the plasma cholesterol concentration.; OBJECTIVES: Because the plasma campesterol/cholesterol ratio does not differ between groups that absorb different amounts of cholesterol, the authors investigated whether the plasma Phytosterols (PS) relate to the body's cholesterol synthesis rate measured as non-cholesterol sterol precursors (lathosterol)., METHOD: The authors studied 38 non-obese volunteers (58+/-12 years; Low-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol - LDL-C >= 130 mg/dL) randomly assigned to consume 400 mL/day of soy milk (Control phase) or soy milk + PS (1.6 g/day) for four weeks in a double-blind, cross-over study. PS and lathosterol were measured in plasma by gas chromatography coupled to mass spectrophotometry., RESULTS: PS treatment reduced plasma total cholesterol concentration (-5.5%, p < 0.001), LDL-C (-7.6%, p < 0.001), triglycerides (-13.6%, p < 0.0085), and apolipoprotein B (apo B) (-6.3%, p < 0.008), without changing high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C concentration), but plasma lathosterol, campesterol and sitosterol expressed per plasma cholesterol increased., CONCLUSIONS: The lathosterol-to-cholesterol plasma ratio predicted the plasma cholesterol response to PS feeding. The highest plasma lathosterol concentration during the control phase was associated with a lack of response of plasma cholesterol during the PS treatment period. Consequently, cholesterol synthesis in non-responders to dietary PS being elevated in the control phase indicates these cases resist to further synthesis rise, whereas responders to dietary PS, having in the control phase synthesis values lower than non-responders, expand synthesis on alimentary PS. Responders absorb more PS than non-responders, likely resulting from responders delivering into the intestinal lumen less endogenous cholesterol than non-responders do, thus facilitating greater intestinal absorption of PS shown as increased plasma PS concentration. Copyright © 2022 HCFMUSP. Published by Elsevier Espana, S.L.U. All rights reserved.
Comparison of changes in fecal microbiota of calves with and without dam.; In pastoral areas and semi-agricultural and semi-pastoral areas of Sichuan, beef cattle breeding mode is mainly dependent on nature to raise livestock. On the one hand, owing to the shortage of forage grass in spring, cows suffer from malnutrition. On the other hand, competition for milk between human and livestock further deepens the malnutrition of newborn calves, and the mortality rate even exceeds 40%, resulting in serious waste of beef cattle source resources. The objective of this study was to investigate the effect of different cultivation methods (calves with and without dam) and age on calves hindgut microbiome. Sixteen healthy calves (Yak  x Pian cattle , with similar birthday 0 +/- 2 d and body weight 13.1 +/- 1.13 kg), were selected and randomly divided into two groups. The control group was cultivated with heifers, whereas the treatment group was cultivated without heifers and was fed milk replacer during the whole 95 days formal experimental period. Fecal samples were collected on 35, 65 and 95 days of age for high-throughput sequencing. The alpha-diversity was different between the two groups on day 35; however, the bacterial species richness and diversity was almost not different on day 95. Principal coordinates analysis revealed significant difference between the two groups on all the three time points, and the timepoints of day 65 and 95 were closer and separated from the timepoints of day 35 in calves with dam, whereas the timepoints of day 35 and 65 were closer and separated from day 95 in calves without dam. As time passed, the abundance of Firmicutes increased, while Proteobacteria and Actinobacteria decreased in calves with dam. But in calves without dam, the abundance of Bacteroidetes and Proteobacteria increased on day 65 and then decreased on day 95. In genus level, the relative abundance of Bacteroides decreased in calf with dam while its abundance increased first and then decreased in calf without dam but both resulted in the range of 3.5~4.5%. The relative abundance of Lactobacillus decreased, whereas Ruminococcaceae UCG-005 increased in both groups as the calf grew up. It was concluded that the richness and evenness of the microbial communities was higher in calves with dam than without dam, and a stable gut microbiome in calve with dam is established earlier than calf without dam. Copyright © 2022 Li et al.
Human breast milk-derived exosomes protect against intestinal ischemia and reperfusion injury in neonatal rats.; BACKGROUND: Intestinal ischemia and reperfusion (IR) injury like that seen in midgut volvulus can be life-threatening in the pediatric population. Human breast milk-derived exosomes (HMDEs) can prevent intestinal inflammation in experimental necrotizing enterocolitis and other intestinal diseases. The aim of this study is to investigate the effects of HMDEs on intestinal damage related to IR injury., METHODS: Exosomes were isolated from human breast milk by ultracentrifugation then confirmed by Nanoparticle tracking analysis and detection of exosome membrane markers. 2-weeks old Sprague Dawley rats were randomly divided into 4 groups: a) Sham (n = 8) with laparotomy alone, b) Sham with HMDEs administration by gavage (n = 8), c) Intestinal IR injury (n = 8) by occlusion of the superior mesenteric artery (SMA) for 30 min followed by reperfusion, and d) Intestinal IR by SMA occlusion with HMDEs administration by gavage (n = 8). Six hours after laparotomy, animals were euthanized, and the ilea (10 cm to cecum) were harvested. Mucosal injury was scored histologically. The intestines were further examined for inflammatory cytokine TNFalpha, and epithelial proliferation marker Ki67., RESULTS: Compared to sham, the small intestine of IR rats had more intestinal damage, increased expression of inflammatory cytokine TNFalpha and decreased intestinal proliferation. HMDEs significantly counteracted all these changes., CONCLUSIONS: Human breast milk-derived exosomes protect the intestine against damage by IR injury. This beneficial effect is associated with decreased intestinal inflammation and enhanced epithelial proliferation. This study implicates the potential novel application of HMDEs in preventing intestinal damage in infants with intestinal IR injury. Copyright © 2022. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Effect of daily consumption of probiotic yoghurt on albumin to creatinine ratio, eGFR and metabolic parameters in patients with type 2 diabetes with microalbuminuria: study protocol for a randomised controlled clinical trial.; INTRODUCTION: To alleviate clinical symptoms of diabetic nephropathy (DN), several dietary and non-dietary strategies have been suggested. Probiotic-enriched foods, through their effects on modulating microflora, might help these patients control the adverse effects. The current study will be done to examine the effects of probiotic yoghurt consumption on albumin to creatinine ratio, estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and metabolic parameters in patients with type 2 diabetes with nephropathy., METHODS AND ANALYSIS: Sixty patients with DN will be recruited in this study. After block matching for sex, body mass index and age, patients will be randomly assigned to receive 300 g/day probiotic yoghurt containing 106 CFU/g Lactobacillus acidophilus and Bifidobacterium lactis strains or 300 g/day plain yoghurt daily for 8 weeks. Weight, height and waist circumference will be measured at study baseline and after the intervention. Biochemical indicators including glycaemic measures (haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), fasting blood sugar (FBS)), inflammatory markers (high sensitivity-C reactive protein), lipid profile (total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), high-density lipoprotein (HDL)) and finally renal makers (creatinine, albumin to creatinine ratio, eGFR) will be assessed at study baseline and at the end of the trial., DISCUSSION: Improving the condition of a person with DN is a serious clinical challenge. The use of probiotic supplements has been considered in these people, but the use of probiotic-enriched foods has received less attention., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials (www.irct.ir) (IRCT20201125049491N1). Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2022. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
[Concentration of osteopontin in human milk and associated factors in Chinese populations from 2011 to 2013].; OBJECTIVE: To analyze content of human milk osteopontin(OPN) and to explore associated factors in Chinese populations., METHODS: The samples and data were extracted from the database for human milk composition in China between 2011 and 2013. A sub-sample of 459 mothers was randomly selected after stratification according to lactation stage, and human milk OPN concentrations were determined by ultra performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometer(UPLC/MS)., RESULTS: The average OPN concentration(M(P25, P75)) in breast milk was 44.0(30.1-72.0) mg/L within 0-330 days postpartum. OPN concentrations were independent of lactation stage, which were 45.6(31.8, 80.7) mg/L in colostrum, 41.3(29.2, 70.0) mg/L in transitional milk and 46.9(30.2, 71.9) mg/L in mature milk, corresponding to 0.40% 0.42% and 0.65% of the total milk protein content(OPN/protein%). The percentage of OPN to total protein in milk showed an increasing trend with lactation progression(r=0.21, P<0.001). Multivariate analysis showed that sleep quality of mothers within one week prior to milk collection was correlated with the breast milk OPN level(P=0.04). The OPN level in breast milk from mothers with good sleep quality was significantly higher than that from mothers with poor sleep quality(46.5 mg/L vs.34.7 mg/L). The median level of milk OPN concentration in mothers from Yunnan was higher than mothers from Beijing(50.5 mg/L vs.36.1 mg/L, P=0.03). Maternal age, mode of delivery, prepregnancy body mass index, weight gain during pregnancy, passive smoking and outdoor activities 24 hours prior to milk collection were not correlated with milk OPN concentration. OPN concentration in breast milk was not related to preterm birth. Also, milk OPN concentration did not correlate with diarrhoea, respiratory disease, or allergic disease in infants during two weeks before milk collection., CONCLUSION: The concentration of OPN in breast milk of Chinese woman may be similar among different lactation stages. Geographic region and sleep quality of mothers may be related to the milk OPN concentration.
A Double-Blind, Randomized Intervention Study on the Effect of a Whey Protein Concentrate on E. coli-Induced Diarrhea in a Human Infection Model.; Infectious diseases are a major cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Nutritional interventions may enhance resistance to infectious diseases or help to reduce clinical symptoms. Here, we investigated whether a whey protein concentrate (WPC) could decrease diarrheagenic Escherichia coli-induced changes in reported stool frequency and gastrointestinal complaints in a double-blind, parallel 4-week intervention study. Subjects were randomly assigned to a whey hydrolysate placebo group, a low-dose WPC group or a high-dose WPC group. After 2 weeks of consumption, subjects (n = 121) were orally infected with a high dose of live but attenuated diarrheagenic E. coli (strain E1392/75-2A; 1E10 colony-forming units). Subjects recorded information on stool consistency and the frequency and severity of symptoms in an online diary. The primary outcome parameters were a change in stool frequency (stools per day) and a change in Gastrointestinal Symptom Rating Scale (GSRS) diarrhea score between the first and second days after infection. Neither dose of the whey protein concentrate in the dietary treatment affected the E. coli-induced increase in stool frequency or GSRS diarrhea score compared to placebo treatment. The composition of the microbiota shifted between the start of the study and after two weeks of consumption of the products, but no differences between the intervention groups were observed, possibly due to dietary guidelines that subjects had to adhere to during the study. In conclusion, consumption of the whey protein concentrate by healthy adults did not reduce diarrhea scores in an E. coli infection model compared to a whey hydrolysate placebo control.
[Role of calcium in health and reducing the risk of non-communicable diseases].; Calcium as an essential mineral is involved in many processes in the body, being the main one in the mineral matrix of bones and teeth. It is necessary for conducting nerve impulses, blood coagulation, muscle contraction, regulation of the transport of various ions through the cell membrane, glycogenolysis and gluconeogenesis, and the activity of many enzymes. In Russia, insufficient calcium intake is noted. The purpose of the work was to assess the role of calcium of various origins in meeting the needs and health of the population. Material and methods. Literature search was carried out using the PubMed, Google Scholar, ResearchGate, RSCI, CyberLeninka systems, mainly for the last 10 years, with the exception of research of fundamental importance, using the keywords "calcium", "milk", "bioavailability". Results. Dairy consumption is associated with an overall reduction in the risk of noncommunicable diseases, including cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and some types of cancer. Calcium in natural milk and dairy products, as well as calcium of milk origin, has a higher bioavailability and absorption than from other sources of synthetic or natural mineral origin. The recommendation to reduce dairy consumption may be counterproductive to health and therefore may increase health care costs. Conclusion. Milk and dairy products are the optimal source of calcium. The high bioavailability of calcium of milk origin justifies the expediency of its preferred use in dietary nutrition, both as part of therapeutic diets in hospitals and nutrition in social service institutions, and in outpatient practice. Additional studies, including randomized controlled trials, may be needed to explore in more detail the optimal consumption of milk and dairy products, as well as the use of calcium-containing pharmaceutical products and dietary supplements. Copyright© GEOTAR-Media Publishing Group.
The impact of low-fat and full-fat dairy foods on symptoms of gastroesophageal reflux disease: an exploratory analysis based on a randomized controlled trial.; PURPOSE: Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) is a widely prevalent condition. High consumption of dairy foods and dietary fat are associated with worse GERD symptoms. However, existing data are inconsistent and mostly based on observational studies. The purpose of this exploratory analysis of a randomized controlled trial was to investigate the impact of low-fat and full-fat dairy food consumption on GERD symptoms., METHODS: Seventy-two participants with metabolic syndrome completed a 4-week wash-in diet during which dairy intake was limited to three servings of nonfat milk per week. Participants were then randomized to either continue the limited dairy diet or switch to a diet containing 3.3 servings per day of either low-fat or full-fat milk, yogurt and cheese for 12 weeks. Here, we report intervention effects on the frequency of acid reflux, and the frequency and severity of heartburn, exploratory endpoints assessed by a questionnaire administered before and after the 12-week intervention., RESULTS: In the per-protocol analysis (n = 63), there was no differential intervention effect on a cumulative heartburn score (p = 0.443 for the time by diet interaction in the overall repeated measures analysis of variance). Similarly, the intervention groups did not differentially affect the odds of experiencing acid regurgitation (p = 0.651). The intent-to-treat analyses (n = 72) yielded similar results., CONCLUSION: Our exploratory analyses suggest that, in men and women with the metabolic syndrome, increasing the consumption of either low-fat or full-fat dairy foods to at least three servings per day does not affect common symptoms of GERD, heartburn and acid regurgitation compared to a diet limited in dairy., CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02663544, registered on January 26, 2016. Copyright © 2022. The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany.
Investigation of the Effect of Nutritional Supplementation with Whey Protein and Vitamin D on Muscle Mass and Muscle Quality in Subacute Post-Stroke Rehabilitation Patients: A Randomized, Single-Blinded, Placebo-Controlled Trial.; In post-stroke hemiparesis patients, the skeletal muscle mass decrease rapidly with the histological degradation. We investigated the effect of nutritional supplementation with whey protein and vitamin D on the muscle mass and muscle quality, in post-stroke convalescent rehabilitation patients in a randomized, single-blinded, placebo-controlled trial. Fifty patients were randomly assigned to two groups; HP group received supplemental jelly (100 kcal; whey protein 10 g; vitamin D 20 mug) twice a day throughout up to 16-week period, the control group received placebo jelly. Cross-sectional area (CSA) of thigh muscle, skeletal muscle index (SMI), muscle strength, activity of daily living (ADL), and some nutritional indicators in blood were measured. Although no significant difference was observed in CSA and SMI between the groups, fat infiltration into the thighs muscle was singnificantly lower in the HP group. There were no significant difference in muscle strength and ADL between the groups. Blood urea nitrogen and serum 25(OH)D at endpoint were significantly higher in the HP group but physiological normal ranges. Supplementation with whey protein and vitamin D in post-stroke patients led to suppression of fat infiltration into the muscle. Long-term follow-up studies are needed to verify whether this nutritional intervention provides substantial benefits for the prognosis of stroke survivors.
Cardiometabolic Indices after Weight Loss with Calcium or Dairy Foods: Secondary Analyses from a Randomized Trial with Overweight/Obese Postmenopausal Women.; The role of dairy foods and calcium/vitamin D supplements in cardiometabolic diseases is unknown. The objective of this secondary analysis is to investigate cardiometabolic risk factors changes after a 6-month weight-loss intervention in overweight/obese postmenopausal women divided in three groups: Ca+vitamin D supplements (S); low-fat dairy foods (D; 4-5 servings/day); or control/placebo pills (C), as complements to hypocaloric diets. The original study focused on bone/body composition. This analysis included blood pressure (BP), and serum triglycerides, lipids (including apoproteins Apo1 and ApoB), adipokines, and C-reactive protein in n = 97 participants who finished with complete data points. Systolic BP decreased 5.1%, 4.8%, and 1.8% in S, D, and C groups, respectively (p < 0.05 for S and D vs. baseline and vs. C at 6 months). Reduction in triglycerides and ratio of total cholesterol (TC)/high-density lipoproteins cholesterol (HDL-C) was the highest in S, while the reduction in TC and LDL-C was the highest in D group (all p < 0.05). Leptin and ApoB significantly decreased and adiponectin and ApoA1 increased in all groups. In conclusion, although the C group's participants experienced an improvement in some of the cardiometabolic indices with weight loss, those in the S and D groups showed significantly better results in most of the outcomes, indicating the beneficial effects of low-fat dairy foods and/or Ca+vitamin D intake as complements to a hypocaloric diet.
The effect of daily consumption of probiotic yogurt on liver enzymes, steatosis and fibrosis in patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD): study protocol for a randomized clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: Given the increasing prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, it is necessary to find an easy and cost-effective method in its management and treatment. Probiotics are a group of living microorganisms that might affect NAFLD through the intestinal-liver axis. The present clinical trial aims to examine the effect of probiotic yogurt consumption on liver enzymes, steatosis and liver fibrosis in patients with NAFLD., METHODS: Sixty-eight patients with NAFLD will be recruited in this study. After block matching for sex, BMI and age, patients will be randomly assigned to receive 300 g/d probiotic yogurt containing 106 cfu/g of Lactobacillus acidophilus and Bifidobacterium lactis strains or 300 g/d plain yogurt daily for 12 weeks and those in the control group would receive similar amounts of plain yogurts. Weight, height, and waist circumference will be measured at study baseline and after the intervention. Biochemical indicators including plasma glucose, serum insulin, lipid profile, liver markers (ALT, AST and GGT) will be examined at study baseline and at the end of the trial. Insulin resistance and insulin sensitivity will be determined using the HOMA-IR and QUICKI equation. The degree of steatosis and hepatic fibrosis will also be assessed at the beginning and end of the intervention by the same gastroenterologist using elastography with fibroscan., DISCUSSION: Probiotics have been suggested as a new strategy in the management of NAFLD. Their effects might be mediated through intestinal microbiota modification and production of short-chain fatty acids. Consumption of probiotic-enriched foods, rather than their supplements, might be a cost-effective method for long-term use in these patients. In case of finding the beneficial effects of probiotic yogurt consumption in the current clinical trial, its inclusion in the dietary plan of NAFLD patients can be recommended. Trial registration This clinical trial was registered in Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials ( www.irct.ir ) at 2021-04-19 with code number of IRCT20210201050210N1. Copyright © 2022. The Author(s).
Similar effects of milk protein and blends of milk and plant-based protein on appetite-related hormones in 7- to 8-year-old healthy Danish children: secondary analyses from the PROGRO randomised trial.; AIM: The effect of different protein sources on the appetite-related hormones in children is largely unknown. We investigated the effect of milk protein versus blends of milk and rapeseed protein on plasma leptin and adiponectin in children., METHODS: We included 88 Danish 7- to 8-year-old children randomised to receive 35 g protein/day for 4 weeks in 2018 as either milk protein or blends of milk and rapeseed protein (ratio 54:46 or 30:70). Outcomes included absolute and fat mass-adjusted adiponectin and leptin measured at baseline, Weeks 1 and 4., RESULTS: There was no difference in changes in absolute and fat mass-adjusted adiponectin and leptin after 1 or 4 weeks between the three groups (p >= 0.100). Leptin increased within all groups (p <= 0.046). Combining the three groups, leptin and fat mass-adjusted leptin increased by 23% (95% CI 11;35) and 17% (6.4;29) during the intervention respectively (both p <= 0.001). Adiponectin variables did not change during the intervention period., CONCLUSION: There were no differences between milk protein and blends of milk and rapeseed protein on absolute and fat mass-adjusted leptin and adiponectin in healthy children with a habitual intake of milk. However, leptin increased within all three groups. Future studies should further investigate effect on appetite-related hormones of rapeseed protein alone. Copyright © 2022 Foundation Acta Paediatrica. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Efficacy of low-fat milk and yogurt fortified with vitamin D3 on systemic inflammation in adults with abdominal obesity.; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of vitamin D deficiency is increasing globally and is associated with an increased risk of metabolic syndrome, autoimmune disease, and cardiovascular disease. Vit D deficiency is also associated with increased systemic inflammation. The current study aimed to determine the efficacy of low-fat milk and yogurt fortified with 1500 IU nano-encapsulated vitamin D, on systemic inflammation in abdominal obese participants., METHOD: This multi-center study was conducted using a 2.5-month parallel total-blind randomized clinical trial design. Two hundred and eighty nine subjects were allocated to four groups: low-fat milk fortified by 1500 IU nano-encapsulated vitamin D3 (200 mL/day). Simple milk (200 mL/day), low-fat yogurt fortified by 1500 IU nano-encapsulated vitamin D3 (150 g/day), and simple yogurt (150 g/day)., RESULTS: The results showed that serum levels of neutrophils, lymphocytes, platelets and red blood cell distribution width (RDW) were significantly lower before and after the intervention in fortified dairy groups. The results showed that serum levels of neutrophils, lymphocytes, platelets, and RDW before and after intervention in the fortified dairy groups were significantly lower (p < 0.05). The values of = neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio (NLR), platelets to lymphocyte ratio, and RDW to platelets ratio (RPR) reduced significantly in the fortification group (p < 0.05)., CONCLUSION: Fortification with nano-encapsulated vitamin D3 of dairy products may decrease inflammation in individuals with abdominal obesity. Copyright © 2022. The Author(s).
Dairy Product Intake Modifies MicroRNA Expression among Individuals with Hyperinsulinemia: A Post-Intervention Cross-Sectional Study.; INTRODUCTION: MicroRNA (miRNA) profiles have been shown to change after intake of dairy products. Dysregulation of miRNA is associated with the changes in the level of glycemic parameters. The objectives are: (1) to investigate miRNA expression after consumption of dairy products and (2) to study the association between miRNAs and glycemic profile among individuals with hyperinsulinemia., METHODS: In crossover design, 24 participants were randomized into 2 phases: high dairy (HD) (>=4 servings/day according to the Canadian food guide [2007]) and adequate dairy (AD) (<=2 servings/day) over 6 weeks. First, miRNAs were extracted from a pooled plasma sample of 10 subjects after HD and AD intervention which analyzed in duplicate by array hybridization (Affymetrix Gene Chip miRNA Array v. 4.0). Second, 6 miRNAs related to type 2 diabetes (T2D) were validated by quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) from plasma of 24 participants., RESULTS: Microarray analysis indicated that 297 miRNAs expressed differentially (FC >= +/-1.2; p value <0.05) in a pooled plasma sample of 10 subjects. Among pooled miRNAs, the level of selected miRNAs, including miR-652-3p, miR-106b-5p, miR-93-5p, and miR-107 were downregulated; conversely, miR-223-3p and miR-122-5p were upregulated. After qRT-PCR validation, only the expression level of miR-106-5p tended to be increased after HD compared to AD (p = 0.06). After AD intervention, the level of fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and insulin and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance were negatively correlated with miR-122-5p. Similarly, negative correlation was found between miR-106-5p and FPG., CONCLUSION: The miRNAs profile was modified after HD compared to AD, and this may have role in modifying the risk of T2D (registration No. NCT02961179). Copyright © 2022 The Author(s). Published by S. Karger AG, Basel.
Consumption of Dairy Foods and Cardiovascular Disease: A Systematic Review.; Limited consumption of dairy foods and use of low-fat products is recommended for cardiovascular (CV) prevention; however, other features besides fat content modulate their metabolic effects. We analyze updated evidence on the relationship of different dairy products (low/full-fat dairy, milk, cheese, yogurt) with CVD by reviewing meta-analyses of cohort studies and individual prospective cohort studies with CV hard endpoints (CVD/CHD incidence/mortality), together with meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials exploring the effect of dairy on major CV risk factors. The analyses provide evidence that moderate dairy consumption (up to 200 g/day, globally) has no detrimental effects on CV health and that their effect depends more on the food type (cheese, yogurt, milk) than on the fat content. These data expand current knowledge and may inform revision of current guidelines for CVD prevention.
The effect of probiotic cheese consumption on inflammatory and anti-inflammatory markers, disease severity, and symptoms in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: study protocol for a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: In recent decades, several studies have shown changes in the intestinal microflora among patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA). Therapeutic measures using probiotics have shown favorable effects on the recovery of these patients. However, most studies have used probiotic supplements. In this study, we aimed to investigate the effect of probiotic cheese consumption on inflammatory and anti-inflammatory factors, disease severity, and symptoms in these patients., METHODS: This study is a randomized, double-blind clinical trial, in which forty patients with mild to moderate severity of RA will be randomly allocated to receive either 30 g/day probiotic cheese (n = 20) or only low-salt and low-fat cheese without any added probiotic (n = 20) for 12 weeks. Assessment of anthropometric measures and biochemical indicators, including serum concentrations of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin-6 (IL-6), and interleukin-10 (IL-10), will be done at the study baseline and end of the trial. In addition, disease severity and disability will be assessed by DAS-28 and the HAQ-DI questionnaire, respectively., DISCUSSION: Diet is the leading environmental factor affecting the gut microbiota. A prebiotic-rich diet and probiotics might be beneficial in this regard. To the best of our knowledge, the effect of probiotic supplements on inflammation in these patients has widely been assessed; however, there is only one study that examined the effect of probiotic-containing food in these patients. Further studies are needed to investigate the effect of probiotic-containing foods on inflammatory markers and symptoms in patients with RA., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials IRCT20201120049449N1 . Registered on 14 February 2021. Copyright © 2022. The Author(s).
Safety and efficacy of a probiotic-containing infant formula supplemented with 2'-fucosyllactose: a double-blind randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Human milk oligosaccharides (HMOs) have important and diverse biological functions in early life. This study tested the safety and efficacy of a starter infant formula containing Limosilactobacillus (L.) reuteri DSM 17938 and supplemented with 2'-fucosyllactose (2'FL)., METHODS: Healthy infants < 14 days old (n = 289) were randomly assigned to a bovine milk-based formula containing L. reuteri DSM 17938 at 1 x 107 CFU/g (control group; CG) or the same formula with added 1.0 g/L 2'FL (experimental group; EG) until 6 months of age. A non-randomized breastfed group served as reference (BF; n = 60). The primary endpoint was weight gain through 4 months of age in the formula-fed infants. Secondary endpoints included additional anthropometric measures, gastrointestinal tolerance, stooling characteristics, adverse events (AEs), fecal microbiota and metabolism, and gut immunity and health biomarkers in all feeding groups., RESULTS: Weight gain in EG was non-inferior to CG as shown by a mean difference [95% CI] of 0.26 [-1.26, 1.79] g/day with the lower bound of the 95% CI above the non-inferiority margin (-3 g/day). Anthropometric Z-scores, parent-reported stooling characteristics, gastrointestinal symptoms and associated behaviors, and AEs were comparable between formula groups. Redundancy analysis indicated that the microbiota composition in EG was different from CG at age 2 (p = 0.050) and 3 months (p = 0.052), approaching BF. Similarly, between sample phylogenetic distance (weighted UniFrac) for BF vs EG was smaller than for BF vs CG at 3-month age (p = 0.045). At age 1 month, Clostridioides difficile counts were significantly lower in EG than CG. Bifidobacterium relative abundance in EG tracked towards that in BF. Fecal biomarkers and metabolic profile were comparable between CG and EG., CONCLUSION: L. reuteri-containing infant formula with 2'FL supports age-appropriate growth, is well-tolerated and may play a role in shifting the gut microbial pattern towards that of breastfed infants., TRIAL REGISTRATION: The trial was registered on ClinicalTrials.gov ( NCT03090360 ) on 24/03/2017. Copyright © 2022. The Author(s).
Added bovine milk fat globule membrane in formula: Growth, body composition, and safety through age 2: An RCT.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to assess the effects of an experimental formula (EF) with added whey protein-lipid concentrate (5 g/L; source of bovine milk fat globule membrane [bMFGM]) on growth, body composition, and safety through 24 mo of age in term infants., METHODS: This was a double-blinded, randomized controlled trial conducted in Santiago, Chile. Infants were enrolled before 120 d and randomized to receive standard cow's milk-based formula (SF) or EF through the first year of life. Breastfed infants were the reference (HM). Growth (weight-for-age [WAZ], length-for-age [LAZ], BMI-for-age [BAZ], headcircumference-for-age [HCZ] z-scores); body composition (fat mass [FM] and fat-free mass, percentage body fat [%BF]); and adverse events through day 730 were recorded. Outcome trajectories were analyzed using a single generalized estimating equation testing the interaction between group and visit., RESULTS: We recruited 582 infants (HM = 235; SF = 174; EF = 173); 478 (>80%) completed the study. At baseline, only WAZ was different between the formula groups (0.14 lower in EF versus SF group, P = 0.035). WAZ, LAZ, and BAZ trajectories were higher from baseline to days 365 and 730 in EF or SF compared with HM (all P < 0.05). No differences in changes in body composition were observed between the formula groups. For EF versus HM, %BF was lower at day 180; however, this difference reversed from day 365. Fat-free mass was higher in formula groups compared with HM at all time points. No group difference in adverse event incidence rate was detected., CONCLUSION: During the first 2 y of life, infant formula with added bMFGM supports typical growth and safety compared with a standard formula. Copyright © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effectiveness of an epidermal growth factor-containing cream on postinflammatory hyperpigmentation after 1064-nm Q-switched neodymium-doped yttrium aluminum garnet laser treatment of acquired bilateral nevus of Ota-like macules (Hori's nevus) in Asians: A split-face, double-blinded, randomized controlled study.; BACKGROUND: Epidermal growth factor (EGF) may promote wound healing and decrease laser-induced postinflammatory hyperpigmentation (PIH)., OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the effectiveness of an EGF-containing cream on PIH, post-laser erythema, and transepidermal water loss (TEWL) after 1,064-nm Q-Switched Nd: YAG laser treatment of Hori's nevus., METHODS: This is a split-face, double-blinded, randomized, controlled study conducted in 30 subjects with bilateral Hori's nevus. After laser treatment, participants were randomized to apply EGF cream on one facial side and placebo on the other side for 8 weeks. The incidence and intensity of PIH were assessed by photographs and melanin indexes (MIs) ratio at baseline, Week 2, Week 4, and Week 8. Post-laser erythema and TEWL were measured at baseline, Day 1, Day 3, and Day 7. Side effects and patient satisfaction score were evaluated., RESULTS: The incidence of PIH was 26.7% in EGF group compared to 20% in placebo. The intensity of PIH was 0.057 (0.033-0.086) and 0.045 (0.027-0.076) in EGF and placebo group, respectively. There was no significant difference in both incidence (p = 0.5) and intensity of PIH (p = 0.145). Post-laser erythema was not statistically different between groups. EGF could alleviate TEWL better than placebo but without statistical significance. Patient satisfaction score was significantly higher in EGF group compared to placebo (p < 0.001)., CONCLUSIONS: The EGF-containing cream could not prevent PIH. It may reduce laser-induced skin barrier damage. Future studies in more subjects are needed. Copyright © 2022 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Eating behavior modulates the sensitivity to the central effects of GLP-1 receptor agonist treatment: a secondary analysis of a randomized trial.; AIMS: We investigated if individuals with higher emotional eating scores are less sensitive to the effects of a GLP-1RA on central responses to food cues. Additionally, we investigated the associations of higher external and restraint eating scores with the sensitivity to the central effects of GLP-1RA., METHODS: This secondary analysis of a randomized crossover study in people with obesity and type 2 diabetes, consisted of two periods of 12-week treatment with liraglutide or insulin glargine. Using functional MRI, we assessed the relation between baseline eating behavior and the effects of the GLP-1RA liraglutide compared with insulin after 10 days and 12 weeks of treatment on brain responses to food cues., RESULTS: After 10 days, higher emotional eating scores were associated with less pronounced GLP-1RA induced reductions in brain responses to food pictures in the amygdala, insula and caudate nucleus. In addition, higher emotional eating scores tended to be associated with less pronounced GLP-1RA increases in brain responses to chocolate milk receipt in the caudate nucleus and insula. After 12 weeks, there were no significant associations between emotional eating scores and liraglutide-induced changes in brain responses to food cues. After 10 days, baseline external eating scores were associated with less pronounced GLP-1RA induced reductions in brain responses to food pictures in the insula, amygdala and orbitofrontal cortex. After 12 weeks, baseline restraint eating scores were associated with more GLP-1RA induced reductions in brain responses to food pictures in the insula and caudate nucleus, and with more GLP-1RA induced reductions in brain responses to the anticipation of chocolate milk in the caudate nucleus., CONCLUSIONS: Our findings indicate that individuals with higher baseline emotional eating scores are less sensitive to the central effect of GLP-1RA treatment. Additionally, external eating may also decrease, whereas restraint eating may increase the sensitivity to the treatment effects of GLP-1RAs. These insights may help to optimize treatment strategies for obesity and to select patient groups with better efficacy of GLP-1RA treatment. Copyright © 2022 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd.. All rights reserved.
Effect of fat-reformulated dairy food consumption on postprandial flow-mediated dilatation and cardiometabolic risk biomarkers compared with conventional dairy: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Longer-term consumption of SFA-reduced, MUFA-enriched dairy products has been reported to improve fasting flow-mediated dilatation (FMD). Yet, their impact on endothelial function in the postprandial state warrants investigation., OBJECTIVES: The aim was to compare the impact of a fatty acid (FA) modified with a conventional (control) dairy diet on the postprandial %FMD (primary outcome) and systemic cardiometabolic responses to representative meals, and retrospectively explore whether treatment effects differ by apolipoprotein E (APOE) or endothelial NO synthase (eNOS) Glu298Asp gene polymorphisms., METHODS: In a crossover-design randomized controlled study, 52 adults with moderate cardiovascular disease risk consumed dairy products [38% of total energy intake (%TE) from fat: FA-modified (target: 16%TE SFAs; 14%TE MUFAs) or control (19%TE SFAs; 11%TE MUFAs)] for 12 wk, separated by an 8-wk washout. Blood sampling and FMD measurements (0-480 min) were performed pre- and postintervention after sequential mixed meals that were representative of the assigned dairy diets (0 min, ~50 g fat; 330 min, ~30 g fat)., RESULTS: Relative to preintervention (), the FA-modified dairy diet and meals (treatment) attenuated the increase in the incremental AUC (iAUC), but not AUC, for the %FMD response observed with the conventional treatment (-135 +/- 69% vs. +199 +/- 82% x min; P = 0.005). The  iAUC, but not AUC, for the apoB response decreased after the FA-modified treatment yet increased after the conventional treatment (-4 +/- 3 vs. +3 +/- 3 mg/mL x min; P = 0.004). The  iAUC decreased for plasma total SFAs (P = 0.003) and trans 18:1 (P < 0.0001) and increased for cis-MUFAs (P < 0.0001) following the conventional relative to the FA-modified treatment. No treatment x APOE or eNOS genotype interactions were evident for any outcome., CONCLUSIONS: This study provides novel insights into the longer-term effects of FA-modified dairy food consumption on postprandial cardiometabolic responses. Copyright © The Author(s) 2022. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition.
Effects of high dairy protein intake and vitamin D supplementation on body composition and cardiometabolic markers in 6-8-y-old children-the D-pro trial.; BACKGROUND: Increasing evidence suggests that prevention of lifestyle diseases should begin early. Dairy protein and vitamin D can affect body composition and cardiometabolic markers, yet evidence among well-nourished children is sparse., OBJECTIVES: We investigated combined and separate effects of high dairy protein intake and vitamin D on body composition and cardiometabolic markers in children., METHODS: In a 2 x 2-factorial, randomized trial, 200 white, Danish, 6-8-y-old children substituted 260 g/d dairy in their diet with high-protein (HP; 10 g protein/100 g) or normal-protein (NP; 3.5 g protein/100 g) yogurt and received blinded tablets with 20 microg/d vitamin D3 or placebo for 24 wk during winter. We measured body composition (by DXA), blood pressure, and fasting blood glucose, insulin, C-peptide, and lipids., RESULTS: In total, 184 children (92%) completed the study. Baseline median (25th-75th percentile) dairy protein intake was median: 3.7 (25th-75th percentile: 2.5-5.1) energy percentage (E%) and increased to median: 7.2 (25th-75th percentile: 4.7-8.8) E% and median: 4.2 (25th-75th percentile: 3.1-5.3) E% with HP and NP. Mean +/- SD serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentration changed from 81 +/- 17 to 89 +/- 18 nmol/L and 48 +/- 13 nmol/L with vitamin D and placebo, respectively. There were no combined effects of dairy protein and vitamin D, except for plasma glucose, with the largest increase in the NP-vitamin D group (Pinteraction = 0.005). There were smaller increases in fat mass index (P = 0.04) with HP than with NP, and the same pattern was seen for insulin, HOMA-IR, and C-peptide (all P = 0.06). LDL cholesterol was reduced with vitamin D compared with placebo (P < 0.05). Fat-free mass and blood pressure were unaffected., CONCLUSIONS: High compared with normal dairy protein intake hampered an increase in fat mass index. Vitamin D supplementation counteracted the winter decline in 25-hydroxyvitamin D and the increase in LDL cholesterol observed with placebo. This study adds to the sparse evidence on dairy protein in well-nourished children and supports a vitamin D intake of ~20 microg/d during winter. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT03956732. Copyright © The Author(s) 2022. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition.
Postoperative Dietary Intake Achievement: A Secondary Analysis of a Randomized Controlled Trial.; Sufficient postoperative dietary intake is crucial for ensuring a better surgical outcome. This study aimed to investigate the postoperative dietary intake achievement and predictors of postoperative dietary intake among gynecologic cancer patients. A total of 118 participants were included in this secondary analysis. Postoperative dietary data was pooled and re-classified into early postoperative dietary intake achievement (EDIA) (daily energy intake (DEI) >= 75% from the estimated energy requirement (EER)) and delay dietary intake achievement (DDIA) (DEI < 75% EER) There was a significant difference in postoperative changes in weight (p = 0.002), muscle mass (p = 0.018), and handgrip strength (p = 0.010) between the groups. Postoperative daily energy and protein intake in the EDIA was significantly greater than DDIA from operation day to discharged (p = 0.000 and p = 0.036). Four significant independent postoperative dietary intake predictors were found: preoperative whey protein-infused carbohydrate loading (p = 0.000), postoperative nausea vomiting (p = 0.001), age (p = 0.010), and time to tolerate clear fluid (p = 0.016). The multilinear regression model significantly predicted postoperative dietary intake, F (4, 116) = 68.013, p = 0.000, adj. R2 = 0.698. With the four predictors' recognition, the integration of a more specific and comprehensive dietitian-led supportive care with individualized nutrition intervention ought to be considered to promote functional recovery.
Oral Application of Colostrum and Mother's Own Milk in Preterm Infants-A Randomized, Controlled Trial.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the effects of oral application of mother's own milk (OMOM) on clinical outcomes in preterm infants of 260/7-306/7 wk gestation., METHODS: In this placebo-controlled randomized trial, subjects received either OMOM or sterile water, beginning at 24-72 h of life, until the infant reached 32 wk postmenstrual age or spoon-feeds were initiated, whichever was earlier. The primary outcome was a composite adverse health outcome, defined as the occurrence of either mortality, late-onset sepsis (LOS), necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC), intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH), bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), or retinopathy of prematurity (ROP). Antibiotic usage and time to full enteral feed were secondary outcomes. Salivary IgA (sIgA) levels at baseline and after 7 d of application in a subset of infants were also compared., RESULTS: A total of 133 neonates (66 colostrum and 67 placebo) were analyzed for the primary outcome. OMOM group had lower incidence of composite adverse health outcome (43.9% vs. 61.2%, RR: 0.70; 95% CI: 0.50-0.99, p = 0.046) and LOS (22.7% vs. 43.3%, RR: 0.73; 95% CI: 0.57-0.93; p = 0.012). There were no significant differences in mortality, NEC, IVH, BPD, ROP, and time to full feeds. The effects were more pronounced in the 290/7-306/7 wk subgroup, in whom the colostrum group also achieved full feeds earlier. There were no differences in the change of sIgA levels from baseline to the seventh day of the application. No adverse effects related to the OMOM application were found., CONCLUSIONS: OMOM decreases the incidence of late-onset sepsis in preterm neonates (260/7-306/7 wk) and is safe., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinical Trials Registry-India CTRI/2017/03/008031. Copyright © 2022. Dr. K C Chaudhuri Foundation.
Effects of higher protein formula with improved fat blend on growth, feeding tolerance and nutritional biomarkers in preterm infants: A double-blind, randomized, controlled clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: Preterm formulas containing greater protein:energy ratio are beneficial for non-breastfed infants, since protein is critical for promoting catch-up growth and synthesis of lean body mass. Additionally, formulas containing enriched sn-2 palmitate (sn-2) and reduced medium chain triglycerides (MCTs) may support better feeding tolerance and nutrient utilization., METHODS: The objective of this randomized, controlled, double-blinded clinical trial is to evaluate growth, feeding tolerance and nutritional biomarkers of preterm infants with birth weight <=2000g and gestational age <=33wks from one neonatal unit in Vietnam receiving experimental formula (EF, n = 80) containing higher protein level of 3.4 g/100 kcal and improved fat blend with enriched sn-2 and modified level of MCTs or isocaloric control formula (CF, n = 80) containing protein level of 2.9 g/100 kcal and standard fat blend. The differences in weight gain (g/d; primary endpoint) from day 1 (D1) of full enteral feeding (FEF) until D21 between groups was evaluated for non-inferiority (margin = -2.5 g/d) and superiority (margin = 0 g/d)., RESULTS: Mean weight gain was 3.09 g/d greater in EF than CF; the lower limit of 95% CI (0.31 g/d) exceeded both non-inferiority and superiority margins. There was no significant difference in length-for-age and head circumference-for-age z-score. By D79, the mean change in weight-for-age z-scores from D1 in EF group (+0.76 SDs) surpassed the criteria for catch-up growth (+0.67 SDs). Infants in the EF group (vs. CF) tended to have softer stools (EF = 3.2 +/- 0.59 vs. CF = 3.4 +/- 0.58; P = 0.07) based on 5-point scale (1 = watery, 5 = hard). Difference in blood urea nitrogen and biomarkers for bone mineral status (i.e., plasma phosphorus, alkaline phosphatase and urinary calcium/phosphorus ratio) between EF and CF on FEF Day 21 reached statistical significance (P < 0.05) but all mean values stayed within normal clinical ranges for both groups., CONCLUSION: Preterm formula with greater protein:energy ratio and new fat blend is safe, nutritionally suitable, well-tolerated, and improves catch-up weight gain of preterm infants. Clinical trial registry identifier is NCT03055052 (ClinicalTrials.gov). Copyright © 2022 Taiwan Pediatric Association. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effect of whey protein consumption on IL-6 and TNF-alpha: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Due to inconsistent data about WP supplementation on inflammatory markers, present systematic review and meta-analysis was done to summarize its effect on TNF-alpha and IL-6., METHODS: Our search was done in Pubmed, Scopus, Embase, and Cochrane up to June 2021. Weighted mean difference (WMD) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) was used to indicate the effect sizes. Conceivable sources of heterogeneity were detected by subgroup analysis., RESULTS: Overall, 11 eligible RCTs were included. The pooled results showed that WP supplementation had no significant effect on TNF-alpha and IL-6 status compare to those receiving carbohydrate and other types of proteins as placebo. Results from subgroup analysis based on health status, study duration, WP dosage and sex, expressed no favorable effect of WP on TNF-alpha and IL-6 levels., CONCLUSION: It can be concluded that whey supplementation had no favorable effects on inflammatory biomarkers including TNF- alpha and IL-6. Copyright © 2022 Diabetes India. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of a dietary intervention including minimal and unprocessed foods, high in natural saturated fats, on the lipid profile of children, pooled evidence from randomized controlled trials and a cohort study.; AIM: To study the possible effects of a dietary intervention with minimal and unprocessed foods, high in natural saturated fats on the lipid profile and body mass index of children., METHOD: This study combines three intervention studies; one non-randomized retrospective cohort study and two randomized controlled trials, to a pooled analysis. The intervention group received a dietary intervention of minimal and unprocessed foods for three to six months, consisting of five times per week green vegetables, three times per week beef, daily 200-300 mL whole cow's milk (3.4% fat) and whole dairy butter (80% fat) on each slice of bread. The control group continued their usual dietary habits. Raw data of the three intervention studies where combined into one single dataset for data analysis, using mixed effects analysis of covariance to test the effects of the dietary advice on the main study outcomes, which are measurements of the lipid profile., RESULTS: In total, 267 children aged 1 to 16 years were followed. 135 children were included in the intervention group and 139 children in the control group. Characteristics (age, gender and follow-up period) were equally distributed between the groups at baseline. In the intervention group HDL-cholesterol increased significantly from 1.22 mmol/L, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.14-1.32 to 1.42 mmol/L 95% CI 1.30-1.65 (p = 0.007). The increase over time in HDL cholesterol in the intervention group was significantly different compared to the increase in the control group (from 1.26 mmol/L, 95% CI 1.19-1.35, to 1.30 mmol/L, 95% CI 1.26-1.37) (p = 0.04). Due to the increased HDL concentration in the intervention group, the total cholesterol/HDL cholesterol ratio decreased significantly from 3.70 mmol/L, 95% CI 3.38-3.87, to 3.25 mmol/L, 95% CI 2.96-3.31 (p = 0.05)., CONCLUSION: Consumption of minimal and unprocessed foods (high in natural saturated fats) has favourable effects on HDL cholesterol in children. Therefore, this dietary advice can safely be recommended to children.
The Effect of Neonates' Exposure to Their Mother's Scent on Weight Gain: A Randomized Controlled Study.; Objective: The aim of this study was to determine the effect of newborns' exposure to their mother's scent in the intensive care unit on their weight gain. Materials and Methods: This is an experimental randomized controlled study. One hundred and four neonates were included in the study. Two groups were observed in the research: the first group consisting of those exposed to their mother's scent (n = 52) and a second control group (n = 52). Data were collected with a data collection form and an infant body weight monitoring form. Significance for the study was accepted as p < 0.05. Results: Among the neonates, 61.5% were males, the gestational week of the infants was 38.49 +/- 1.24, their mean weight was 3,213.32 +/- 468.67 grams (g); the two groups were similar in terms of these characteristics (p > 0.05). The neonates exposed to their mother's scent at the beginning of the study were weighed, averaging 3,105.38 +/- 487.69 g; at the end of Day 1 and Day 2, their mean weight was 3,150.77 +/- 493.07 and 3,197.50 +/- 489.06 g, respectively. It was seen that there were significant differences in the weight of the group of neonates exposed to their mother's scent before the experiment, on Day 1 and on Day 2 (p < 0.05). The neonates in the control group were weighed at the beginning of the experiment, exhibiting a mean of 3,119.42 +/- 452.85 g. Their mean weight was 3,107.12 +/- 463.30 g at the end of Day 1 and 3,116.63 +/- 471.09 g at the end of Day 2. These differences, however, were not statistically significant (p > 0.05). Conclusion:  We found that the newborns exposed to their mother's scent in the intensive care unit registered a higher increase in weight. Our recommendation is that a mother's scent be routinely factored into neonatal care in intensive care units.
Postprandial glycine as a biomarker of satiety: A dose-rising randomised control trial of whey protein in overweight women.; This study aimed to identify biomarkers of appetite response, modelled using a dose-rising whey protein preload intervention. Female participants (n = 24) with body mass index (BMI) between 23 and 40 kg/m2 consumed preload beverages (0 g protein water control, WC; 12.5 g low-dose protein, LP; or 50.0 g high-dose protein, HP) after an overnight fast, in a randomised cross over design. Repeated venous blood samples were collected to measure plasma biomarkers of appetite response, including glucose, glucoregulatory peptides, gut peptides, and amino acids (AAs). Appetite was assessed using Visual Analogue Scales (VAS) and ad libitum energy intake (EI). Dose-rising protein beverage significantly changed the postprandial trajectory of almost all biomarkers (treatment*time, p < 0.05), but did not suppress postprandial appetite (treatment*time, p > 0.05) or EI (ANOVA, p = 0.799). Circulating glycine had the strongest association with appetite response. Higher area under the curve (AUC0-240) glycine was associated with lower EI (p = 0.026, trend). Furthermore, circulating glycine was associated with decreased Hunger in all treatment groups, whereas the associations of glucose, alanine and amylin with appetite were dependent on treatment groups. Multivariate models, incorporating multiple biomarkers, improved the estimation of appetite response (marginal R2, range: 0.13-0.43). In conclusion, whilst glycine, both alone and within a multivariate model, can estimate appetite response to both water and whey protein beverage consumption, a large proportion of variance in appetite response remains unexplained. Most biomarkers, when assessed in isolation, are poor predictors of appetite response, and likely of utility only in combination with VAS and EI. Copyright © 2021 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd.. All rights reserved.
The efficacy and safety of pimecrolimus 1% cream vs. sertaconazole 2% cream in the treatment of patients with facial seborrhoeic dermatitis: a randomized blinded trial.; BACKGROUND: Facial seborrhoeic dermatitis (FSD) is a chronic inflammatory skin disorder characterized by remission and exacerbation episodes. In most cases, FSD requires long-term treatment., AIM: To compare the efficacy and safety of pimecrolimus and sertaconazole in patients with FSD., METHODS: In total, 60 patients with FSD were enrolled in this double-blind, active-controlled, randomized trial, and instructed to topically apply either pimecrolimus 1% cream (30 patients) or sertaconazole 2% cream (30 patients) twice daily for 4 weeks. Assessment of disease severity was performed using the Scoring Index (SI) at baseline, on Days 14 and 28, and at 4 weeks after treatment cessation. The levels of satisfaction from treatment and any adverse effects (AEs) were also assessed in both groups., RESULTS: Although the severity of disease reduced upon treatment in both groups, application of pimecrolimus caused a significantly better improvement than sertaconazole on Days 14 and 28 (P < 0.01 and P < 0.001, respectively). The rate of relapse was significantly lower in the pimecrolimus compared with the sertaconazole group at 4 weeks after treatment cessation (P = 0.01). The highest level of satisfaction (46.7%) was observed on Day 28 in the pimecrolimus group. Both topical treatments had acceptable safety profiles; however, pimecrolimus 1% cream was significantly (P < 0.01) less irritating than sertaconazole 2% cream., CONCLUSION: Pimecrolimus is associated with faster response and fewer AEs than sertaconazole in patients with FSD. Copyright © 2022 British Association of Dermatologists.
Immunological Effects of Adding Bovine Lactoferrin and Reducing Iron in Infant Formula: A Randomized Controlled Trial.; OBJECTIVES: Compared to formula-fed infants, breastfed infants have a lower risk of infections. Two possible reasons for this are the presence of the anti-infective and anti-inflammatory protein lactoferrin and the lower level of iron in breast milk. We explored how adding bovine lactoferrin and reducing the iron concentration in infant formula affect immunology and risk of infections in healthy infants., METHODS: In a double-blind controlled trial, term formula-fed (FF) Swedish infants (n = 180) were randomized to receive, from 6 weeks to 6 months of age, a low-iron formula (2 mg/L) with added bovine lactoferrin (1.0 g/L) (Lf+; n = 72); low-iron formula with no added lactoferrin (Lf-; n = 72); and standard formula at 8 mg/L iron and no added lactoferrin (control formula [CF]; n = 36). Cytokines, infections, and infection related treatments were assessed until 12 months of age., RESULTS: No adverse effects were observed. There were no apparent effects on transforming growth factor beta (TGF-beta)1, TGF-beta2, tumor necrosis factor alfa (TNF-alpha) or interleukin2 (IL-2) at 4, 6, or 12 months, except of higher TGF-beta2 at 6 months in the CF group in comparison to the low iron groups combined (P = 0.033). No significant differences in otitis, respiratory infections, gastroenteritis, or other monitored infections and treatments were detected for any of the study feeding groups during the first 6 months and only a few and diverging effects were observed between 6 and 12 months., CONCLUSIONS: Adding bovine lactoferrin and reducing iron from 8 to 2 mg/L in infant formula was safe. No clinically relevant effects on cytokines or infection related morbidity were observed in this well-nourished and healthy population. Copyright © 2021 The Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. on behalf of the European Society for Pediatric Gastroenterology, Hepatology, and Nutrition and the North American Society for Pediatric Gastroenterology, Hepatology, and Nutrition.
Does Menopausal Hormone Therapy, Exercise, or Both Improve Pain and Function in Postmenopausal Women With Greater Trochanteric Pain Syndrome? A 2 x 2 Factorial Randomized Clinical Trial.; BACKGROUND: Greater trochanteric pain syndrome (GTPS) is a debilitating chronic condition, most prevalent in postmenopausal women. A positive association between high estrogen levels and tendon health may exist, and postmenopausal women have reduced estrogen. Menopausal hormone therapy (MHT) may reduce the incidence of tendon abnormality, particularly when combined with exercise., PURPOSE: To determine the effect of MHT and exercise on tendon pain and function in postmenopausal women with GTPS., STUDY DESIGN: Randomized controlled clinical trial; Level of evidence, 1., METHODS: Postmenopausal women (N = 132; n = 12, lost to follow-up) with GTPS were randomized into MHT and placebo transdermal cream groups combined with tendon-specific or sham exercise. All groups received education about avoiding gluteal tendon compression and load management throughout 12 weeks of intervention. The primary outcome was the Victorian Institute of Sport Assessment for gluteal tendinopathy (VISA-G), and secondary outcomes were measured at baseline and at 12 and 52 weeks. The Global Rating of Change was assessed at 12 and 52 weeks. A linear mixed-effects model was used to assess differences. Body mass index (BMI) was included as a covariate., RESULTS: All participant groups improved over time (baseline vs 12 weeks, P < .001; baseline vs 52 weeks, P < .001). There was no difference among exercise groups measured by all outcomes (VISA-G: baseline, P = .97, mean difference [MD] = 0.10; 12 weeks, P = .49, MD = 2.15; 52 weeks, P = .32, MD = -3.08). There was a significant interaction effect between cream and BMI; therefore, the population was stratified by BMI levels (<25, <30, >=30). The MHT groups (with exercise and education) had significantly better VISA-G outcomes (baseline, P = .04, MD = -11.20, 95% CI = -21.70 to -0.70; 12 weeks, P < .001, MD = -20.72, 95% CI = -31.22 to -10.22; 52 weeks, P = .002, MD = -16.71, 95% CI = -27.21 to -6.22) and secondary measure scores as compared with placebo at all time points when BMI was <25., CONCLUSION: MHT or placebo combined with tendon-specific or sham exercise plus education reduced pain and increased function for this population. For women with a BMI <25, MHT with any exercise plus education was better than placebo. A targeted exercise or sham exercise strategy is effective when prescribed with education about avoiding gluteal tendon compression and load management., REGISTRATION: ACTRN12614001157662 (Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry).
Effects of resistance exercise and whey protein supplementation on skeletal muscle strength, mass, physical function, and hormonal and inflammatory biomarkers in healthy active older men: a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.; PURPOSE: To determine the individual and combined effects of 12 weeks of resistance exercise (RE) and whey protein supplementation on skeletal muscle strength (primary outcome), mass and physical function, and hormonal and inflammatory biomarkers in older adults., METHODS: Thirty-six healthy older men [(mean+/-SE) age: 67+/-1 y; BMI: 25.5+/-0.4 kg/m2] were randomised to either control (CON; n=9), whey protein (PRO; n=9), RE+control (EX+CON; n=9), or RE+whey protein (EX+PRO; n=9) in a double-blinded fashion. Whole-body RE (2 sets of 8 repetitions and 1 set to volitional failure at 80% 1RM) was performed twice weekly. Supplements (PRO, 25 g whey protein isolate; CON, 23.75 g maltodextrin) were consumed twice daily., RESULTS: EX+CON and EX+PRO increased leg extension (+19+/-3 kg and +20+/-3 kg, respectively) and leg press 1RM (+27+/-3 kg and +39+/-2 kg, respectively) greater than the CON and PRO groups (P<0.001, Cohen's d=1.50-1.90). RE (EX+CON and EX+PRO groups pooled) also increased fat-free mass (FFM) (+0.9+/-0.3 kg) and 6-min walk test distance (+21+/-5 m) and decreased fat mass (-0.4+/-0.4 kg), and interleukin-6 (-1.0+/-0.4 pg/mL) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha concentration (-0.7+/-0.3 pg/mL) greater than non-exercise (CON and PRO groups pooled; P<0.05, Cohen's f=0.37-0.45). Whey protein supplementation (PRO and EX+PRO groups pooled) increased 4-m gait speed greater than control (CON and EX+CON groups pooled) (+0.08+/-0.03 m/s; P=0.007, f=0.51)., CONCLUSION: RE increased muscle strength, FFM and physical function, and decreased markers of systemic inflammation in healthy active older men. Whey protein supplementation alone increased gait speed. No synergistic effects were observed. This study was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT03299972. Copyright © 2021. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Comparison of standardised milk-based, standardised non-milk based and hospital-based formulations on the anthropometric indices of under-fives with moderate acute malnutrition: A randomised clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: Moderate acute malnutrition (MAM) causes impaired anthropometry, which can be reversed by supplementary feeding. The present study aimed to compare the effect of a standardised milk-based formulation (SMBF), standardised non-milk based formulation (SNMBF) and hospital-based formulation (HBF) on anthropometric indices of children aged <5 years with MAM., METHODS: This was a randomised clinical trial during which eligible children aged 6-59 months with MAM received SMBF, SNMBF or HBF over 4 months. They were followed up on a biweekly basis during which their weight, mid upper arm circumference (MUAC) and length/height were measured. The effect of the formulations was determined at the end of the period by the change in their anthropometric indices using 'per protocol' analysis. p < 0.05 was considered statistically significant., RESULTS: There were 157 evaluable participants of whom 54 received the SMBF, 57 received the SNMBF and 46 received the HBF. The overall result showed a significant improvement in the mean weight and MUAC of the children. Subgroup analysis showed a significant improvement in mean weight and MUAC among children aged 6-23 months (p = 0.013) and improvement in MUAC only among those aged 24-59 months (p = 0.03)., CONCLUSIONS: The formulations significantly improved the mean weight and MUAC of children with MAM. Copyright © 2021 The British Dietetic Association Ltd.
The acute effects of milk intake on calcium homeostasis and cardiovascular outcome: A randomized crossover trial in postmenopausal women.; OBJECTIVE: The importance of calcium intake from dairy in regard to cardiovascular health has been investigated in several studies with discrepant results. Hence, we aim to investigate the immediate effects of milk intake on cardiovascular function., DESIGN: A randomized crossover study with at least 10 days for washout between the two interventions, 500 ml of water with 200 microg of cholecalciferol or 500 ml of semi-skimmed milk containing approximately 600 mg of calcium with 200 microg of cholecalciferol., PATIENTS: Twenty community-based postmenopausal women aged 60-80 years., MEASUREMENTS: Parathyroid hormone and ionized calcium were measured at baseline and after 2 and 4 h on each study day. Pulse wave analysis and velocity were measured at baseline and after 4 h on each study day., RESULTS: Compared to water, milk intake increased ionized calcium levels by 0.02 mmol/L (p = .029) and decreased parathyroid hormone levels by 1.78 pmol/L (p < .001). The two interventions caused no changes as measured 4 h after the intervention in the following indices of cardiovascular health; pulse wave velocity, brachial diastolic or systolic blood pressure, central diastolic or systolic blood pressure, mean arterial pressure, pulse pressure, augmentation pressure, augmentation index, heart rate or pulse transit time., CONCLUSIONS: Despite significant changes in calcium homeostasis with increased levels of ionized calcium following milk intake, no acute effects seem to occur on measures of cardiovascular health. Copyright © 2021 The Authors. Clinical Endocrinology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Acute C-Terminal Crosslinking Telopeptide of Type I Collagen (CTX-1) Suppression with Milk Calcium or Calcium Carbonate Is Independent of Visceral Fat in a Randomized Crossover Study in Lean and Overweight Postmenopausal Women.; BACKGROUND: Postmenopausal women with higher visceral adipose tissue (VAT) present with suppressed bone resorption (lower C-terminal crosslinking telopeptide of type I collagen; CTX-1) and turnover (lower osteocalcin) but whether this blunts the effect of calcium is unknown., OBJECTIVES: The primary outcome of this study was the effect of VAT on changes in CTX-1 after intake of 2 forms of calcium. Secondary outcomes included changes in parathyroid hormone (PTH), serum calcium, phosphorus, and alkaline phosphatase (ALP)., METHODS: Randomized open three period crossover trial conducted between 2017 and 2019 at the University of South Australia among 77 lean and overweight postmenopausal women (53-79 y) with BMI <25 kg/m2 and >27 kg/m2, respectively. Participants received a single dose of milk (1000 mg calcium), calcium carbonate tablet (1000 mg calcium), and fruit juice (no calcium) in random order with a 7-d washout period. Blood samples were collected at baseline and hourly for 5 h. Data was analyzed by repeated measures ANOVA of log-transformed data., RESULTS: At baseline, women with higher VAT had significantly lower CTX-1 and higher PTH (44% lower and 30% higher, respectively, between Q4 and Q1, P < 0.0001). VAT had no influence on the acute changes in CTX-1 or PTH with calcium or juice. A suppression of 44% in CTX-1 was seen with calcium carbonate and milk and a suppression of 18% with juice. PTH was suppressed more with calcium carbonate (47%) compared to milk (22%). Milk calcium reduced PTH and CTX-1 at 2 h, whereas calcium carbonate reduced PTH in 1 h. The suppression in CTX-1 was slower with lowest concentrations at 4-5 h., CONCLUSIONS: Intake of 1000 mg calcium from milk or from calcium carbonate is effective in acutely suppressing bone resorption in postmenopausal women irrespective of visceral fat. This trial is registered at http://www.ANZCTR.org.au/ACTRN12617000779370.aspx as ACTRN 12617000779370). Copyright © The Author(s) 2021. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition.
Oral Application of Mother's Own Milk for Prevention of Late Onset Sepsis in Preterm Very Low Birth Weight Neonates: A Randomized Controlled Trial.; Background: Oral application of mother's own milk (MOM) in very low birth weight (VLBW) neonates may provide an effective method of cleaning the oral cavity and influencing the immunocompetent cells there. Methods: A double-blind randomized controlled trial was conducted in a tertiary level neonatal unit on VLBW neonates; that is, neonates with birth weight <1,500 g, hospitalized within 72 hours of birth. The intervention was oral care with MOM. The primary objective was to observe the effect of oral care with MOM on late onset sepsis (LOS) and also on mortality, days to attain full enteral feed, necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC), exclusive breastfeeding rates at discharge, and total hospital stay (THS). Results: One hundred ten neonates were randomized to intervention and no-intervention group; 55 in each group. Neonates in the intervention group developed LOS in 9.1% versus 27.3% in no-intervention group (p = 0.013). Mortality was 9.1% versus 16.4% (p = 0.252); days to attain full enteral feeds were 6.94 +/- 2.34 versus7.4 +/- 2.31 days (p = 0.306); exclusive BF rates at discharge were 83% versus 75% (p = 0.449); THS was 30.72 +/- 8.72 versus 33.5 +/- 8.7 days (p = 0.267) in the two groups, respectively. There was no effect on NEC. Conclusion:  Oral care of VLBW neonates with MOM reduces LOS and mortality.
Two untargeted metabolomics reveals yogurt-associated metabolic alterations in women with multiple metabolic disorders from a randomized controlled study.; The beneficial role of yogurt on metabolic profile has been widely reported. Yet, few studies have intended to describe the integrated metabolic alterations in response to yogurt. Yogurt and milk (220 g/d) were given to 48 and 44 obese women with metabolic syndrome and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease for 24 weeks in a randomized controlled trial (registered at http://www.chictr.org.cn as ChiCTR-IPR-15006801). Fasting serum samples were collected before and after intervention for global, untargeted metabolomics based on 1H nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) and ultra-high-performance liquid chromatography coupled with electrospray ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry (UPLC-Q-TOF-MS) (in positive and negative ion modes). Multivariable statistical analysis and pathway analysis were conducted. In both 1H NMR and UPLC-Q-TOF-MS metabolomics, no clustering was observed between the two groups at baseline. While, a clear clustering was shown after intervention, and the yogurt group had significantly different metabolic status from the milk. The metabolites that contributed mostly to class separation were identified, and involved into pathway analysis. Pathways on amino acids metabolism, fatty acid oxidation, cholesterol catabolism and choline metabolism significantly changed after yogurt intervention. The study revealed the integrated metabolic alterations in response to yogurt via two metabolomics approaches, suggesting the potential mechanisms of yogurt against metabolic disorders. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Chinese Clinical Trial Registry, ChiCTR-IPR-15006801. Registered 20 July 2015, http://www.chictr.org.cn/ ChiCTR-IPR-15006801. SIGNIFICANCE: Both review from prospective studies and our randomized clinical trial showed the protective role of yogurt against multiple metabolic disorders. However, they were focus on targeted glucose, lipid, and other metabolic indicators, which were only part of human metabolism, failing to show an integrated metabolic feature on yogurt. Therefore, two global, untargeted metabolomics were applied in our current randomized clinical trial, trying to uncover the significant metabolic alterations characterizing the effects of yogurt on obese women with multiple metabolic disorders, and to explore the potential biological mechanisms of yogurt. The finding will shed light on a more comprehensive picture of how yogurt affects host metabolism, and provide theoretical foundation for dietary prevention of chronic diseases. Copyright © 2021. Published by Elsevier B.V.
Impact of supplementation with milk-cereal mix during 6-12 months of age on growth at 12 months: a 3-arm randomized controlled trial in Delhi, India.; BACKGROUND: A large proportion of infants in low- and middle-income countries are stunted. These infants are often fed complementary foods that are low-quality, primarily in terms of protein and micronutrients., OBJECTIVES: We aimed to test 2 milk-cereal mixes supplemented with modest and high amounts of protein during 6-12 mo of age, compared with no supplementation, for their effect on length-for-age z score (LAZ) at 12 mo of age., METHODS: Eligible infants (6 mo plus <=29 d) were randomly assigned to either of the 2 interventions (modest- and high-protein) or a no supplement group. The milk-cereal mixes provided ~125 kcal, 30%-45% energy from fats, and 80%-100% RDA of multiple micronutrients (MMN). The modest-protein group received 2.5 g protein [protein energy ratio (PER): 8%; 0.75 g from milk source] and the high-protein group received 5.6 g protein (PER: 18%, 1.68 g from milk source). One packet was given daily for 180 d. Counseling on continued breastfeeding and optimal infant-care practices was provided to all., RESULTS: We enrolled 1548 infants (high-protein: n = 512; modest-protein: n = 519; and no supplement: n = 517). Compared with the no supplement group, there was an improvement in LAZ [adjusted mean difference (MD): 0.08; 95% CI: 0.01, 0.15], weight-for-age z score (MD: 0.12; 95% CI: 0.06, 0.19), weight-for-length z score (MD: 0.11; 95% CI: 0.02, 0.19), and midupper arm circumference z score (MD: 0.10; 95% CI: 0.02, 0.18) in the high-protein group at 12 mo of age. No significant differences for these anthropometric indicators were noted between the modest-protein and no supplement groups or between the high- and modest-protein groups., CONCLUSIONS: Cereal mixes with higher amounts of milk-based protein and MMN may lead to improvement in linear growth and other anthropometric indexes in infants, compared with no supplementation. This trial was registered at ctri.nic.in as CTRI/2018/04/012932. Copyright © The Author(s) 2021. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition.
Growth of Very Low Birth Weight Infants Who Received a Liquid Human Milk Fortifier: A Randomized, Controlled Multicenter Trial.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate growth (weight, length, head circumference, and knee-heel length [KHL]) in very low birth weight (VLBW) infants (500-1500 g) who received human milk with a liquid fortifier (LHMF) with high protein and fatty acid content versus a traditional powder fortifier (PHMF) for 45 days or until discharge., METHODS: This was a multicenter, randomized, controlled trial. An intention-to-treat analysis was performed to determine adverse events and withdrawal causes. We also performed an efficacy analysis involving the infants who completed at least 2 weeks of study., RESULTS: Of the 158 infants enrolled in the study, 146 completed at least 2 weeks, and 125 completed the entire study. The biodemographic characteristics were similar between groups, with no differences in increments of weight (22.9 vs 22.7 g kg-1 day-1), length (1.03 vs 1.09 cm/week), head circumference (0.91 vs 0.90 cm/week), or KHL (3.6 vs 3.3 mm/week). The KHL increment was greater in infants weighing >1 kg receiving LHMF (3.7 vs 3.2 mm/week, P = 0.027). Although there were no significant differences in serious adverse events, the incidence difference of the composite outcome death/necrotizing enterocolitis between groups warrants attention (1.3% with LHMF and 8.1% with PHMF)., CONCLUSION: There were no differences in the overall growth between VLBW infants receiving either fortifier. Copyright © 2021 by European Society for Pediatric Gastroenterology, Hepatology, and Nutrition and North American Society for Pediatric Gastroenterology, Hepatology, and Nutrition.
The efficacy and safety of 20% urea cream and 10% urea cream in the treatment of acanthosis nigricans in adolescents, a randomized comparative double-blind study.; BACKGROUND: Acanthosis nigricans is commonly associated with obesity. It is characterized by brown-black skin thickening on the neck and the flexural areas. This study aimed to assess the efficacy of topical 20% urea cream compared to 10% urea cream in the treatment of acanthosis nigricans in adolescents., MATERIAL AND METHODS: A randomized comparative, double-blind study was conducted on participants aged 12-18 years with acanthosis nigricans of the neck. Treatment efficacy was assessed via narrowband reflectance spectrophotometer, while the overall success rates at weeks 2, 4, and 8 were evaluated by the investigator- and participant-assessed global evaluation scales., RESULTS: A total of 40 participants with acanthosis nigricans were enrolled and completed the study. Throughout the period of 8 weeks of treatment, 20% urea showed greater improvement of hyperpigmentation compared to 10% urea (p = 0.001), with 22.5 +/- 11.9% and 10.7 +/- 8.1% improvements, respectively. Findings from the overall global evaluation scales were consistent with the results from the narrowband reflectance spectrophotometer. Treatment with 10% urea and 20% urea was well-tolerated without any local serious adverse reactions., CONCLUSION: Urea cream improves neck hyperpigmentation associated with acanthosis nigricans in adolescents, in which the 20% concentration shows superior efficacy to the 10% concentration. Copyright © 2021 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Long-term efficacy and safety of imiquimod 5% and fluorouracil 1% creams in medical monotherapy of complex eyelid basal cell carcinomas.; PURPOSE: To study the long-term efficacy and safety of local application of imiquimod 5% and fluorouracil 1% creams in complex eyelid basal cell carcinomas (BCCs)., METHODS: A retrospective, non-comparative study in biopsy-proven, complex (involving canthi or >50% of eyelid length) eyelid BCC patients who were medically unfit for surgical procedures. All patients were medically treated with either of the creams using fixed-dose regimens for a minimum of 3 months. All received oral vitamin C 500 mg QID for 3 months as an adjunct for collagen healing. A minimum of "post-treatment" follow-up of 12 months was observed., RESULTS: Of total 30 patients, imiquimod 5% and fluorouracil 1% were used in 16 and 14 patients, respectively. The mean age of our patients was 70.5 years. The co-morbidities included - severe coronary artery disease using blood-thinners (n = 19), poorly controlled diabetes (n = 12), poorly controlled hypertension (n = 6), on nebulization (n = 3), and tuberculosis with pulmonary fibrosis (n = 2). Complete clinical tumor resolution was noted in 10 and 8 patients over 12 and 16.5 weeks, respectively, in imiquimod and fluorouracil groups. Periocular skin erythema, chemical conjunctivitis, and skin depigmentation were seen in all the patients of imiquimod group. On the other hand, the local side-effect profile in fluorouracil patients was limited., CONCLUSION: The medical treatment of complex eyelid BCC is a useful alternative to surgery in the elderly with significant co-morbidities. It provides a promising long-term relief with a tolerable side-effect profile. A prospective, randomized, double-blinded trial would provide stronger evidence for the efficacy of these drugs.
Effect of diabetes nutrition education on the dietary feeding practices and lifestyle of type 2 diabetic patients.; BACKGROUND: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is one of the most common global diseases of public concern. In developing countries like Uganda, dietary habits and sedentary lifestyle are the major factors for rapidly rising incidence of DM. Therefore, awareness about diabetes dietary practices and life style are paramount in the control of the disease., METHODOLOGY: One hundred type 2 diabetic patients were randomly selected and divided into two groups of intervention and control (50 patients in each group) to participate in the study. The intervention consisted of two educational sessions each for 30 min with various learning segments. A conversation map for type 2 diabetes, 24-h dietary recall and glycemic load tables were used. Data were collected using a pre-tested questionnaire before intervention and on monthly basis for a period of four months of intervention. Data were entered and analyzed using SPSS software version 21., RESULTS: There was a significant (p < 0.001) increase in water, vegetables, fruits, and number of meals intake per day coupled with quitting alcohol, soda, and beer among the intervention group. On the other hand, it was revealed that meat and milk consumption significantly reduced by 81.6 and 82.4% respectively among the intervention group. At the end of study period, milk, meat, vegetable, beer, soda, cigarettes intake, and duration of physical activity increased among the control group., CONCLUSIONS: Nutrition education improves dietary feeding practices and lifestyle among type 2 diabetes patients within four months of intervention. Copyright © 2021. The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Limited.
Different feeding regimens were not associated with variation in body composition in preterm infants.; AIM: The aim was to determine body composition and growth in preterm infants based on two different feeding regimens and to assess how standard and individual fortification (IF) affect energy and protein intake. Body composition was assessed at full term and at four months corrected age., METHODS: Sixty preterm infants born before gestational week 32 were randomized either to IF of mother's breast milk after it had been analyzed or to standard fortification (SF) of mother's breast milk based on the average protein and energy content of breast milk. Body composition was measured at full term and at four months corrected age, using air displacement plethysmography. Growth rate and nutritional intake analyses were also conducted., RESULTS: At 40 weeks gestational age, there was no difference between weight (g) (IF 3056 +/- 472 vs. SF 3119 +/- 564), body fat (%) (IF 19 +/- 3.3 vs. SF 21 +/- 5.6), fat mass, or fat-free mass between the two groups. Furthermore, there was no difference between the groups in weight, length, head circumference, or body composition at four months corrected age., CONCLUSIONS: Fortification based on breast milk analysis may not improve growth in preterm infants compared to SF. However, both groups were smaller and had a different body composition at term corrected age compared to infants born at term.
Comparing the effectiveness of three pain relief methods for inserting a needle into the implanted venous access chemoport: A randomized controlled trial.; AIMS: Effective methods for relieving pain in inserting a needle for chemotherapy in cancer patients have been studied. This study examined the pain relief effects during needle insertion into the implanted venous access chemoport by comparing three methods., METHODS: This randomized controlled trial included 120 cancer patients who were randomly assigned. The experimental groups received applications of lidocaine cream (n = 30), cryotherapy (n = 30) and cutaneous stimulation therapy (n = 30); the control group (n = 30) received routine care. Premeasurements and postmeasurements were evaluated using a visual analogue pain scale and nurses' careful observations of patients' pain behaviour checklists during needle insertion., RESULTS: Pain levels were reduced by all three interventions, with the level of relief depending on the type of application. All experimental groups showed significant reduction in pain compared with the control group. Lidocaine cream had the strongest effect, followed by cryotherapy and then cutaneous stimulation., CONCLUSION: Lidocaine cream, cryotherapy and cutaneous stimulation therapy all reduced cancer patients' pain levels during insertion of an implanted central venous access chemoport needle. Nurses can apply cryotherapy and cutaneous stimulation therapy independently to reduce the pain associated with this procedure. Future studies should consider using these methods to control for any individual differences that may exist. Copyright © 2021 John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd.
Dairy product consumption is associated with a lowering of linoleic acid within serum TAG in adolescent females with overweight or obesity: a secondary analysis.; Dairy fat is rich in SFA such as palmitic acid (16:0) but low in linoleic acid (18:2n-6). The natural carbon 13 enrichment (delta13C) of 16:0 is higher in dairy fat than in most of the food supply. In adults, serum levels of pentadecanoic acid (15:0) and heptadecanoic acid (17:0) are recognised as biomarkers of dairy intake. In adolescents, no study has evaluated serum fatty acid levels or delta13C in response to chronic dairy consumption. The objectives of this study were to evaluate whether increased dairy product consumption can modulate (1) serum fatty acid levels and (2) 16:0 delta13C in adolescents with overweight/obesity who followed a 12-week weight management programme. This secondary analysis of a randomised control trial included two groups of adolescent females: recommended dairy (RDa; n 23) and low dairy (LDa; n 23). The RDa group was given 4 servings/d of dairy products while the LDa group maintained dairy intakes at <= 2 servings/d. Blood was sampled before and after the intervention. Lipids were extracted and separated, and fatty acids were quantified by GC. Isotope ratio MS was used to assess 16:0 delta13C. There were no group differences on serum changes of 15:0 or 17:0. Within TAG, 18:2n-6 was lowered by 7.4 % only in the RDa group (P = 0.040). The difference in delta 16:0 delta13C between the LDa and RDa groups did not reach statistical significance (P = 0.070). Reductions in serum 18:2n-6 by dairy consumption could have positive health implications, but more studies are needed to confirm this assertion.
Infant formula containing bovine milk-derived oligosaccharides supports age-appropriate growth and improves stooling pattern.; BACKGROUND: Adding bovine milk-derived oligosaccharides (MOS) enhances the oligosaccharide profile of infant formula. This study aimed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of a MOS-supplemented infant formula., METHODS: In this double-blind randomized controlled trial, healthy infants 21-26 days old were either assigned to bovine milk-based, alpha-lactalbumin, and sn-2 palmitate enriched infant formula (control, n = 115) or the same formula with 7.2 g MOS/L (test, n = 115) until aged 6 months. Co-primary endpoints were weight gain through 4 months and stool consistency (validated scale: 1 = watery to 5 = hard). Secondary endpoints included parent-reported GI tolerance, health-related quality of life (HRQoL), and adverse events (AEs)., RESULTS: Weight gain was similar (p = 0.695); the difference between test and control (mean; 95% CI: 0.29; -1.15, 1.73 g/day) was above the non-inferiority margin (-3 g/day). Test had softer stools than control (mean difference in stool consistency score: -0.31; 95% CI: -0.42, -0.21; P < 0.0001); fewer parental reports of harder stools (OR = 0.32, 95% CI: 0.20, 0.49; P < 0.0001) and less difficulties in passing stool (OR = 0.25, 95% CI: 0.09, 0.65; P = 0.005). Parent-reported GI tolerance and HRQoL were similar between groups as were the overall low AEs., CONCLUSIONS: MOS-supplemented infant formula is safe and well-tolerated while supporting normal infant growth and promotes softer stooling pattern without increasing parent-reported and physician-confirmed adverse health concerns., IMPACT: This is the first study investigating the addition of bovine milk-derived oligosaccharides to an infant formula enriched with alpha-lactalbumin and elevated levels of sn-2 palmitate, providing safety and efficacy data for such a formula. Term infant formula supplemented with 7.2 g bovine milk-derived oligosaccharides per liter supported normal infant growth, was well-tolerated and safe. Addition of bovine milk-derived oligosaccharides to term infant formula promoted softer stooling pattern and reduced difficulties in passing stool. The study shows that bovine milk-derived oligosaccharide supplemented infant formula is a safe and effective option for healthy term infants who are formula-fed. Copyright © 2021. The Author(s).
Homogenised and pasteurised human milk: lipid profile and effect as a supplement in the enteral diet of Wistar rats.; The retention of human milk (HM) fat in nasogastric probes of infusion pumps can be observed during the feed of infants unable to suck at the mother's breast. The lack of homogenisation of HM could contribute to the fat holding. Therefore, the present study evaluated (i) the influence of homogenisation on milk fat retaining in infant feeding probes and (ii) the in vivo effect of the homogenisation on lipid absorption by Wistar rats. The animals were fed with HM treated following two processing conditions, that is, pasteurised and homogenised-pasteurised. The animals were randomly subdivided into four experimental groups: water-fed (control), pasteurised milk, homogenised-pasteurised milk and pasteurised-skimmed milk. The results of food consumption, mass body gain, corporate metrics and plasma blood levels of total cholesterol did not show any difference (P < 0.05) among the three types of HM used in the experiments. The liver, intestine and intra-abdominal adipose tissue of the four groups of animals presented normal and healthy histology. The composition of fatty acids in the brain tissue of animals fed with homogenised HM increased when compared with the groups fed with non-homogenised HM. These values were 11.08 % higher for arachidonic acids, 6.59 % for DAH and 47.92 % for nervous acids. The ingestion of homogenised HM promoted higher absorption of milk nutrients. Therefore, the addition of the homogenisation stage in HM processing could be an alternative to reduce fat retention in probes and to improve the lipids' absorption in the body.
Eutectic Mixture of Lidocaine and Prilocaine Decreases Movement and Propofol Requirements for Pediatric Lumbar Puncture During Deep Sedation: A Randomized, Placebo-Controlled, Double Blind Trial.; Deep sedation/general anesthesia is commonly used in pediatric oncology patients undergoing lumbar puncture (LP). Propofol is often used for sedation, with or without a narcotic. We hypothesized that eutectic mixture of lidocaine and prilocaine (EMLA) would allow for lower cumulative doses of propofol and less movement. We performed a prospective, randomized, double blind, placebo-controlled trial in children undergoing sedation for LP. Standard initial weight-based doses of propofol and fentanyl were administered, with either EMLA cream or a placebo cream applied topically. The primary outcome was the total dose of propofol administered to each patient. We also tracked patient movement and complications. Twenty-seven patients underwent 152 LPs. Patients randomized to EMLA cream (n=75) were significantly more likely to receive a lower dose of propofol (2.94 mg/kg, SE=0.25, vs. 3.22 mg/kg, SE=0.19; P=0.036) and to not require additional propofol doses (probability 0.49, SE=0.08 vs. 0.69, SE=0.06; P=0.001) compared with patients randomized to placebo cream (n=77). In addition, patients with EMLA cream were significantly less likely to demonstrate minor or major movement. EMLA cream results in less movement and less propofol administration in pediatric oncology patients undergoing sedation for LP. Copyright © 2021 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
Human milk cholesterol is associated with lactation stage and maternal plasma cholesterol in Chinese populations.; BACKGROUND: Milk cholesterol concentrations throughout lactation were analyzed, and the relationship between maternal plasma cholesterol and milk cholesterol in various Chinese populations was examined., METHODS: A sub-sample of 1138 lactating women was randomly selected from a large cross-sectional study in China (n = 6481). Milk cholesterol concentrations were determined by HPLC, and concentrations of maternal plasma lipids were determined by an automated biochemical analyzer., RESULTS: The mean cholesterol concentrations were 200, 171, and 126 mg/L for colostrum, transitional milk, and mature milk, respectively. Cholesterol concentrations differed significantly between stages of lactation (colostrum vs. transitional milk, colostrum vs. mature milk, transitional milk vs. mature milk, all p < 0.001). Concentrations of maternal plasma total cholesterol (TC) (p = 0.02) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) (p = 0.03) were significantly associated with milk cholesterol. Milk cholesterol concentrations varied among different ethnicities (Tibetan vs. Hui: 164 vs. 131 mg/L, p = 0.027) but not among different geographic regions., CONCLUSIONS: The concentration of cholesterol in human milk changes dynamically throughout lactation. Milk cholesterol concentrations are significantly associated with maternal plasma concentrations of TC and LDL-C, and milk cholesterol concentrations vary across ethnicities in China., IMPACT: Concentrations of milk cholesterol were measured in various Chinese populations. Cholesterol concentrations differ significantly between stages of lactation. Maternal plasma total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol are associated with milk cholesterol. Milk cholesterol concentrations vary across ethnicities in China. Copyright © 2021. The Author(s), under exclusive licence to the International Pediatric Research Foundation, Inc.
Phytochemicals in breast milk and their benefits for infants.; Exclusive breastfeeding is widely recommended at least during the first 6 months of life and breast milk (BM) composition depends on maternal diet. Phytochemicals, including polyphenols and carotenoids, are recognized by their powerful antioxidant activities being present in BM. This review provides an overview of BM composition with respect to polyphenols and carotenoids evaluating its possible benefits for the infant. Polyphenols do not have any body deposit and their content in BM depends on regular dietary intake from mothers and bioavailability of them, while carotenoids content in BM changed depending on factors including stages of breastfeeding, maternal diet and maternal health status. Preeclampsia, overweight or obesity are conditions able to reduce polyphenols and carotenoids in BM by using them as antioxidants. For both polyphenols and carotenoids, the supplementation slightly enhances their BM content. Few studies have shown the presence of phytochemicals in infant plasma and still remains unclear the benefits that polyphenols and carotenoids provide for development of infants. Further studies using long-term, randomized and controlled designs are necessary to determine the relation between carotenoids, polyphenols and its potential benefits for early childhood.
Comparing efficacy and safety of potassium hydroxide 5% solution with 5-fluorouracil cream in patients with actinic keratoses: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Actinic keratosis (AK) is a pre-cancerous skin lesion, associated with development of squamous cell carcinoma. Current treatment options are limited., OBJECTIVES: To compare the efficacy and safety of topical 5-fluorouracil cream (5-FU) and potassium hydroxide 5% (KOH) in the treatment of AK., METHODS: Eighteen patients with AK applied KOH solution or 5-FU on each side of their scalp/face, randomly. The efficacy and safety of these treatments were compared., RESULTS: Thirteen (118 lesions) and ten (83 lesions) patients were successfully followed for one and three months, respectively. After one month, KOH showed a better clinical response (81% vs. 58%; p-value = 0.007) and dermoscopic response (KOH, 65% vs. 5-FU, 46%; p-value = 0.04); while no differences were noted after three months (clinical response, 83% vs.70%, p-value = 0.1; dermoscopic response, 76% vs. 59%, p-value = 0.1). No significant differences in the recurrence rate of the lesion between the two groups were noted at the end of the third month (p-value = 0.5). Regarding the safety of the treatments, the risk of developing erythema, scaling, sand swelling was higher in 5-FU group (p-value < 0.0001, for all), while more patients in KOH group had erosion and ulcer (p-value < 0.001 for both). KOH was up to 96% less expensive than 5-FU., LIMITATIONS: Low number of patients and short-term follow-up limited the analysis., CONCLUSION: KOH solution offers a faster and less expensive resolution of AK lesions than does 5-FU., CLINICAL TRIAL CODE (IRCT.IR): IRCT20180909040978N1.
Diet quality and exercise in older veterans with PTSD: a pilot study.; Older veterans with posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) are at increased risk of obesity and cardiometabolic disease. Physical activity and healthy eating are two behaviors that impact health, functional independence, and disease risk in later life, yet few studies have examined the relationship between PTSD and diet quality. This secondary analysis aimed to: (a) characterize the diet quality of older veterans with PTSD in comparison to U.S. dietary guidelines and (b) explore if participation in a supervised exercise intervention spurred simultaneous changes in dietary behavior. Diet quality was assessed with the Dietary Screener Questionnaire (DSQ), which measures daily intake of fiber, calcium, added sugar, whole grain, dairy, and fruits/vegetables/legumes. The sample included 54 military veterans >= 60 years old with PTSD who participated in a randomized controlled pilot trial comparing 12 weeks of supervised exercise (n = 36) to wait-list usual care (n = 18). The DSQ was administered at baseline and 12 weeks. Consumption of added sugar exceeded U.S. dietary guideline recommendations and consumption of whole grains, fruits/vegetables/legumes, fiber, calcium, and dairy fell short. Participation in the supervised exercise intervention was not associated with changes in diet quality. Results revealed that the diet quality of older veterans with PTSD is poor, and while the exercise intervention improved health through exercise, it did not make veterans any more likely to adopt a more healthful diet. Interventions targeting diet, or diet + exercise, are needed to manage the increased risk of obesity and cardiometabolic disease present in older veterans with PTSD. Copyright Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Society of Behavioral Medicine 2021.
Continuous versus interrupted use of vaginal probiotics plus vaginal clindamycin cream for bacterial vaginosis: a randomized controlled study.; Purpose: To compare between continuous and interrupted use of vaginal probiotic after vaginal clindamycin cream for treatment and prevention of recurrence of bacterial vaginosis. Methods: A double-blinded randomized controlled clinical trial, 273 women were randomly allocated to use clindamycin 2% vaginal cream 5 g at bedtime for 7 days followed after 1 week by continuous probiotics vaginal capsule once daily for 6 weeks (n = 129) or clindamycin 2% vaginal cream 5 g at bedtime for 7 days followed by one probiotic vaginal capsule twice a week for 6 weeks (n = 144). The initial evaluation was at 1 week after cessation of probiotics treatment to estimate the cure rates, the follow-up visits were at 1, 3, 6, and 9 months from the initial visit. The primary outcome of this study was cure rate; the secondary outcomes were the frequency of recurrence, the presence of vaginal discharge, pH > 4.5, positive whiff test and detection of clue cells. Results: At the initial visit there was no significant difference in cure rate between continuous probiotics group and interrupted probiotics group (87.4 versus 82.5%; p = .81). There was no significant difference between the two groups in the recurrence rate at one, three, six and 9 months follow up visits (p = .16, p = .42, p = .59, p = .66). There was no significant difference between both groups regarding vaginal discharge reduction, pH dropping, the presence of positive whiff test and detection of clue cells at one, three, six and 9 months follow up visits. Except at 9-month visits, the differences in vaginal discharge reduction and positive whiff test were statically significant. Conclusions: After initial treatment of bacterial vaginosis with vaginal clindamycin cream, the continuous use of vaginal probiotics is equally effective to short repetitive courses in terms of cure rates and prevention of relapse.
Consumption of Dairy Products and the Risk of Developing Breast Cancer in Polish Women.; Lack of consistency in the relationship between dairy products consumption and breast cancer (BC) risk motivated us to evaluate this association in a case-control study of BC among Polish women. The study includes 1699 women 26-79 years of age, 823 BC cases identified in Cancer Registries and 876 randomly selected controls from the national population registry. Using a validated, semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ), the consumption of dairy products was collected for a time period of 10-15 years prior to BC diagnosis. We used logistic regression, adjusting for potential confounders, to assess the relationship between total dairy consumption as well as individual dairy groups of milk, cottage cheese and hard cheese and BC risk for premenopausal and postmenopausal women. For total consumption, a significant decrease in BC risk was observed with increased consumption of one serving/week, OR trend = 0.98, 2% decrease in risk, for premenopausal women only. For milk, a significant decrease in BC risk was observed for an increase in consumption of one glass/week, OR trend = 0.95, 5% decrease, in both strata of menopause. In contrast, for hard cheese, a significant increase in the risk of 10% was observed only in premenopausal women, OR trend = 1.10. Cottage cheese consumption significantly reduced BC risk by 20%, OR trend = 0.80, for an increase in one serving/week for postmenopausal women only. Our results show that individual dairy products have a statistically significant but bi-directional relationship with BC risk, which differs for premenopausal and postmenopausal women.
Changes in Dietary Patterns through a Nutritional Intervention with a Traditional Atlantic Diet: The Galiat Randomized Controlled Trial.; Unhealthy dietary patterns (DPs) can lead to cardiovascular and other chronic diseases. We assessed the effects of a community-focused intervention with a traditional Atlantic diet on changes in DPs in families and the associations of these changes with weight loss. The Galiat study is a randomized, controlled trial conducted in 250 families (720 adults and children) and performed at a primary care setting with the cooperation of multiple society sectors. Over 6 months, families randomized to the intervention group received educational sessions, cooking classes, written supporting material, and foods that form part of the Atlantic diet, whereas those randomized to the control group followed their habitual lifestyle. At baseline, five DPs that explained 30.1% of variance were identified: "Caloric", "Frieds", "Fruits, vegetables, and dairy products", "Alcohol", and "Fish and boiled meals." Compared to the controls, the intervention group showed significant improvements in "Fruits, vegetables, and dairy products" and "Fish and boiled meals" and reductions in the "Caloric" and "Frieds". Changes in bodyweight per unit increment of "Frieds" and "Fruits, vegetables, and dairy products" scores were 0.240 kg (95% CI, 0.050-0.429) and -0.184 kg (95% CI, -0.379-0.012), respectively. We found that a culturally appropriate diet improved DPs associated with weight loss.
Nanosilver Dressing in Treating Deep II Degree Burn Wound Infection in Patients with Clinical Studies.; BACKGROUND: Patients' clinical antibiotic treatment of deep II degree burns usually fails to achieve the ideal effect; in order to avoid the late result in pigmentation, scarring, and even limb dysfunction, it also needs to deal effectively with burn wounds., AIM: The purpose of this study is to evaluate nanosilver dressing in treating deep II degree burn wound infection in patients with clinical studies., MATERIALS AND METHODS: 106 burn patients were classified into the Sulfadiazine Silver Cream (SSC) group (n = 53) and the Nanosilver Burn Dressing (NSBD) group (n = 53). Both of them received basic wound treatment, and wound healing time and pigmentation fading away time of all patients were recorded. And the wound healing rate of the patients was calculated. Serum levels of tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) and interleukin-1beta (IL-1beta) were detected pre- and posttreatment., RESULTS: After basic treatment for all patients, Sulfadiazine Silver Cream was used in the SSC group, and Nanosilver Burn Dressing was used in the NSBD group. It was observed that after treatment, compared with the SSC group, there was significant efficiency; wound healing rate, healing time, and pigmentation fading away time were shortened in the NSBD group, and IL-1beta levels were decreased, and the positive rate of bacterial culture was decreased (all P < 0.05)., CONCLUSION: Nanosilver Burn Dressing in treating deep II degree burns can effectively reduce the wound infection and promote wound healing. The curative effect was distinct, which was worthy of popularization and application. Copyright © 2021 Bin'e Wu et al.
Topical Stabilized Cysteamine as a New Treatment for Hyperpigmentation Disorders: Melasma, Post-Inflammatory Hyperpigmentation, and Lentigines.; Cysteamine is an aminothiol naturally present in cells of the human body as an antioxidant resulting from the degradation of Coenzyme A. Physiologically it is well distributed in mammalian tissues. Highly concentrated in human milk, cysteamine acts as an intrinsic antioxidant and is known for its protective role. Multiple studies now document that cysteamine is a potent skin depigmenting agent. Historically, its rapid oxidation and very offensive odor made it difficult for topical use until recently when stabilization of cysteamine was achieved. This has led to an acceptable galenical form for topical application. Since 2015, the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of stabilized cysteamine (st.Cys) has been demonstrated in multiple clinical studies, as well a case reports. Stabilized cysteamine has demonstrated significant effectiveness for the treatment of melasma by two double-blind randomized and vehicle control trials. Stabilized cysteamine (st.Cys) has shown to be as effective as well-known depigmenting therapies, including triple combination cream or tranexamic acid mesotherapy, with higher tolerability. A recent clinical trial has shown considerable efficacy of topical cysteamine for the treatment of senile lentigines, which are usually considered to be resistant to topical depigmenting agents. Topical stabilized cysteamine can be regarded to as one of the most potent treatments available for hyperpigmentation disorders in humans. J Drugs Dermatol. 2021;20(12): 1276-1279. doi:10.36849/JDD.6367.
Effect of milk protein content in Toddler formula on later BMI and obesity risk: protocol of the multicentre randomised controlled Toddler Milk Intervention (ToMI) trial.; INTRODUCTION: Reduction of milk protein content in infant formula provided during the first year of life has been shown to reduce early weight gain and obesity later in life. While rapid weight gain during the first 2 years of life is one of the strongest early predictors of obesity, the role of animal protein intake beyond the first year of life is unclear. The aim of this study is to examine the role of milk protein during the second year of life in healthy children on weight gain and obesity risk in preschool age., METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This randomised, double-blinded study enrolled 1618 children aged 11.5-13.5 months in Spain and Germany into two groups receiving isocaloric toddler milk with differing protein content during the second year of life. The experimental formula contains 1.5 g/100 kcal and the control formula 6.15 g/100 kcal protein and otherwise equal formula composition, except for modified fat content to achieve equal energy density. The primary endpoint is body mass index (BMI)-for-age z-score at the age of 24 months adjusted for BMI at 12 months of age. The children are followed until 6 years of age., ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: Ethics approval was obtained from the ethical committees of the LMU University Hospital Munich, Germany (Nr. 555-15) and at Institut d'Investigacio Sanitaria Pere Virgili, Reus, Spain (Ref. CEIm IISPV 013/2016). We aim at publishing results in peer-reviewed journals and sharing of results with study participants., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT02907502. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2021. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Nordic study on human milk fortification in extremely preterm infants: a randomised controlled trial-the N-forte trial.; INTRODUCTION: The mortality rate of extremely low gestational age (ELGA) (born <gestational week 28+0) infants remains high, and severe infections and necrotising enterocolitis (NEC) are common causes of death. Preterm infants receiving human milk have lower incidence of sepsis and NEC than those fed a bovine milk-based preterm formula. Despite this, fully human milk fed ELGA infants most often have a significant intake of cow's milk protein from bovine-based protein fortifier. The aim of this study is to evaluate whether the supplementation of human milk-based, as compared with bovine-based, nutrient fortifier reduces the prevalence of NEC, sepsis and mortality in ELGA infants exclusively fed with human milk., METHODS AND ANALYSIS: A randomised-controlled multicentre trial comparing the effect of a human breast milk-based fortifier with a standard bovine protein-based fortifier in 222-322 ELGA infants fed human breast milk (mother's own milk and/or donor milk). The infants will be randomised to either fortifier before reaching 100 mL/kg/day in oral feeds. The intervention, stratified by centre, will continue until the target postmenstrual week 34+0. The primary outcome is a composite of NEC, sepsis or death. Infants are characterised with comprehensive clinical and nutritional data collected prospectively from birth until hospital discharge. Stool, urine, blood and breast milk samples are collected for analyses in order to study underlying mechanisms. A follow-up focusing on neurological development and growth will be performed at 2 and 5.5 years of age. Health economic analyses will be made., ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: The study is conducted according to ICH/GCP guidelines and is approved by the regional ethical review board in Linkoping Sweden (Dnr 2018/193-31, Dnr 2018/384-32). Results will be presented at scientific meetings and published in peer-reviewed publications., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: The study was registered with ClinicalTrials.gov NCT03797157, 9 January 2019. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2021. Re-use permitted under CC BY. Published by BMJ.
The Effects of an Oral Nutritional Supplement with Whey Peptides and Branched-Chain Amino Acids for Cardiac Rehabilitation of Patients with Chronic Heart Failure.; The aim of the present study was to determine whether the addition of an oral nutritional supplement with whey peptides and branched-chain amino acids for cardiac rehabilitation improves cardiopulmonary function, skeletal muscle function, and metabolism in CHF patients. In this randomized, parallel-group comparative pilot study, 20 CHF patients were randomly assigned to the nutrition group (n = 10) or the control group (n = 10). At baseline and 12 weeks, we performed physical examinations, motor function evaluation, clinical laboratory tests, nutritional status assessment, and echocardiography. The primary outcome was exercise tolerance, as determined by the cardiopulmonary stress test (CPX), 6-minute walking test (6MWT), and brain natriuretic peptide (BNP) levels.During follow-up, body weight, body mass index, total muscle mass, and total lean mass did not change significantly in either group. The total fat mass significantly increased in the nutrition group (14.3 +/- 5.4 kg versus 16.1 +/- 5.5 kg, P < 0.001) but did not change in the control group, and the difference in the changes in total fat mass between groups was significant (-0.26 +/- 0.96 kg versus 1.49 +/- 0.63 kg, P < 0.001). The peakVO2 and 6-minute walk test (6 MWT) significantly increased in the nutrition group (14.6 +/- 3.4 mL/minute/kg versus 15.8 +/- 3.8 mL/minute/kg, P = 0.029; 346.9 +/- 103.1 m versus 382.7 +/- 102.1 m, P = 0.048; respectively) but did not change in the control group. The changes in peakVO2 and 6MWT did not significantly differ between the groups. The oral nutritional supplement for the treatment of CHF was effective for cardiac rehabilitation in terms of fat mass and exercise capacity. The present study demonstrated that oral nutritional supplements with whey peptides and branched-chain amino acid (BCAA) for cardiac rehabilitation in patients with chronic heart failure (CHF) increased fat mass and exercise capacity. We conclude that whey peptides and BCAA supplementation may be a useful treatment for CHF patients.
The effects of consuming a low-fat yogurt fortified with nano encapsulated vitamin D on serum pro-oxidant-antioxidant balance (PAB) in adults with metabolic syndrome; a randomized control trial.; BACKGROUND AND AIM: The current study aimed to assess the effect of fortified yogurt with nano-encapsulated vitamin D on serum pro-oxidant anti-oxidant balance (PAB) in adults with or without metabolic syndrome., METHODS: In a quadruple blind clinical trial study, 139 adults with an age range of 30-50 years were randomly selected to receive either 1500 IU nano-encapsulated vitamin D fortified yogurt or placebo for ten weeks. Before and after the intervention period, blood sample was taken to determine the serum levels of vitamin D, pro-oxidant-antioxidant balance (PAB), and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP). The laboratory tests were checked at baseline and at the end of the treatment., RESULTS: Serum vitamin D increased significantly, from 14.47 +/- 6.07 ng/mL to 21.39 +/- 6.54 ng/mL (P < 0.001) after ten weeks in the intervention group. Serum hs-CRP and PAB were significantly lower following consumption period in intervention group [1.95(0.4-8.15) g/dL vs. 1.35(0.25-3.62) g/dL; P = 0.013] and (135.19 +/- 42.4 HK vs. 115.39 +/- 44.69) HK; P = 0.018] respectively. There were no significant differences between the intervention and control groups regarding weight and BMI at the end of the intervention period (p > 0.05)., CONCLUSION: Low-fat yogurt fortified with nano-encapsulated vitamin D was found to reduce serum PAB levels in adults with metabolic syndrome., PRACTICAL APPLICATION: The findings of the present study indicated that a low-fat yogurt fortified with 1500 IU nano-encapsulated vitamin D for ten weeks, leads to a significant reduction in serum hs-CRP and PAB concentrations highlighted the anti-inflammatory/anti-oxidative effect of vitamin D. Copyright © 2021 Diabetes India. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Exploring Social and Demographic Factors as Determinants of Intestinal Inflammation in Very Low Birth-Weight Infants.; BACKGROUND: Very low birth-weight (VLBW) infants are disproportionately affected by inflammatory morbidities including necrotizing enterocolitis. Despite the influence of social and demographic factors on infant health outcomes, their relationship with intestinal inflammation is unknown., PURPOSE: To explore the influence of maternal race, maternal socioeconomic status, and infant sex on intestinal inflammation in VLBW infants., METHODS: This was a secondary analysis of existing data from a randomized controlled trial of 143 infants 32 weeks' gestation or less and weighing 1250 g or less. In the previous study, fecal calprotectin and S100A12 values were collected at weeks 3 and 6. The infant sample was determined on the basis of the availability of these results, which served as intestinal inflammation biomarkers for the present study. General linear mixed models assessed the relationship between biomarkers and social and demographic factors. Gestational age, antibiotic exposure, mother's own milk feeding, acuity, and week of sample collection were used as control variables., FINDINGS/RESULTS: The sample included 124 infants. Fifty-two infants (42%) were African American, 86 (69%) had Medicaid coverage, and 65 (53%) were male. Fecal calprotectin levels were higher in African American infants (P = .02) and infants with private insurance coverage (P = .009); no difference was found between sexes. There was no association between S100A12 levels and infant sex, maternal race, or socioeconomic status., IMPLICATIONS FOR PRACTICE AND RESEARCH: Consideration of social and demographic factors may be important when caring for VLBW infants. Further exploration of factors contributing to associations between social or demographic factors and intestinal inflammation is needed. Copyright © 2021 by The National Association of Neonatal Nurses.
Effect of dietary sources of calcium and protein on hip fractures and falls in older adults in residential care: cluster randomised controlled trial.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the antifracture efficacy and safety of a nutritional intervention in institutionalised older adults replete in vitamin D but with mean intakes of 600 mg/day calcium and <1 g/kg body weight protein/day., DESIGN: Two year cluster randomised controlled trial., SETTING: 60 accredited residential aged care facilities in Australia housing predominantly ambulant residents., PARTICIPANTS: 7195 permanent residents (4920 (68%) female; mean age 86.0 (SD 8.2) years)., INTERVENTION: Facilities were stratified by location and organisation, with 30 facilities randomised to provide residents with additional milk, yoghurt, and cheese that contained 562 (166) mg/day calcium and 12 (6) g/day protein achieving a total intake of 1142 (353) mg calcium/day and 69 (15) g/day protein (1.1 g/kg body weight). The 30 control facilities maintained their usual menus, with residents consuming 700 (247) mg/day calcium and 58 (14) g/day protein (0.9 g/kg body weight)., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Group differences in incidence of fractures, falls, and all cause mortality., RESULTS: Data from 27 intervention facilities and 29 control facilities were analysed. A total of 324 fractures (135 hip fractures), 4302 falls, and 1974 deaths were observed. The intervention was associated with risk reductions of 33% for all fractures (121 v 203; hazard ratio 0.67, 95% confidence interval 0.48 to 0.93; P=0.02), 46% for hip fractures (42 v 93; 0.54, 0.35 to 0.83; P=0.005), and 11% for falls (1879 v 2423; 0.89, 0.78 to 0.98; P=0.04). The risk reduction for hip fractures and falls achieved significance at five months (P=0.02) and three months (P=0.004), respectively. Mortality was unchanged (900 v 1074; hazard ratio 1.01, 0.43 to 3.08)., CONCLUSIONS: Improving calcium and protein intakes by using dairy foods is a readily accessible intervention that reduces the risk of falls and fractures commonly occurring in aged care residents., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry ACTRN12613000228785. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2019. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Whole-fat dairy products do not adversely affect adiposity or cardiometabolic risk factors in children in the Milky Way Study: a double-blind randomized controlled pilot study.; BACKGROUND: Limited evidence supports the common public health guideline that children >2 y of age should consume dairy with reduced fat content., OBJECTIVES: We aimed to investigate the effects of whole-fat compared with reduced-fat dairy intake on measures of adiposity and biomarkers of cardiometabolic risk in healthy 4- to 6-y-old children., METHODS: The Milky Way Study enrolled 49 children (mean +/- SD age: 5.2 +/- 0.9 y; 47% girls) who were habitual consumers of whole-fat dairy, then randomly assigned them in a double-blind fashion to remain on whole-fat dairy or switch their dairy consumption to reduced-fat products for 3 mo. Primary endpoints included measures of adiposity, body composition, blood pressure, fasting serum lipids, blood glucose, glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), and C-reactive protein (CRP) and were assessed at baseline and study end. Pre- and postintervention results were compared using linear mixed models, adjusted for growth, age, and sex., RESULTS: Dairy fat intake was reduced by an adjusted (mean +/- SEM) 12.9 +/- 4.1 g/d in the reduced-fat compared with the whole-fat dairy group (95% CI: -21.2, -4.6 g/d; P = 0.003), whereas dietary energy intakes remained similar (P = 0.936). We found no significant differential changes between dairy groups in any measure of adiposity, body composition, blood pressure, or fasting serum lipids, glucose, HbA1c, and CRP., CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that although changing from whole-fat to reduced-fat dairy products does reduce dairy fat intake, it does not result in changes to markers of adiposity or cardiometabolic disease risk in healthy children. This trial was registered at www.anzctr.org.au as ACTRN12616001642471. Copyright © The Author(s) 2021. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition.
Impact of whey protein supplementation in a weight-loss intervention in rural dwelling adults: A feasibility study.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Weight loss in older adults enhances physical function, but may lead to sarcopenia and osteoporosis. Whey protein is a low cost rich source of essential amino acids, may improve physical function. We evaluated the feasibility and acceptability of consuming whey protein in the context of a weight-loss intervention in older adults with obesity., METHODS: A 12-week pilot feasibility, non-randomized weight loss study of 28 older adults was conducted, consisting of individualized, weekly dietitian visits with twice weekly physical therapist-led group strengthening classes. Half consumed whey protein, three times weekly, following exercise. Preliminary efficacy measures of body composition, sit-to-stand, 6-min walk and grip strength and subjective measures of self-reported health and function were also evaluated., RESULTS: Of the 37 enrolled, 28 completed the study (50 % in the protein group). Attendance rates for protein vs. non-protein groups were 89.9 +/- 11.1 % vs. 95.6 +/- 3.4 % (p = 0.08). Protein consumption was high in those attending classes (90.3 %) as was compliance at home (82.6 %). Whey was pleasant (67.3 +/- 22.1, range 30-100, above average), had little aftertaste, and was neither salty or sticky. All were compliant (0.64 +/- 0.84, range 0-5, low = higher compliance). Both groups lost significant weight (protein vs. no protein, -3.45 +/- 2.86 vs. -5.79 +/- 3.08, p = 0.47); Sit-to-stand, 6-min walk, and gait speed were no different, grip strength was improved in the protein compared to the non-protein group (-2.63 kg vs. 4.29 kg; p < 0.001)., CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that whey protein is a low-cost and readily available nutritional supplement that can be integrated into a weight loss intervention. Copyright © 2021 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Acute Metabolic Response in Adults to Toddler Milk Formulas with Alternating Higher and Lower Protein and Fat Contents, a Randomized Cross-Over Trial.; Protein intake in early life influences metabolism, weight gain, and later obesity risk. As such, a better understanding of the effects of protein intake on the postprandial metabolism and its dynamics over time may elucidate underlying mechanisms. In a randomized crossover study, we observed fasted adults who consumed two isocaloric toddler milk formulas concentrated as meals of 480 kcal with 67 g of carbohydrates 30 g (HP) or 7 g (LP) protein, and 10 g or 20 g fat, respectively. Anthropometry and body plethysmography were assessed, and blood samples collected at baseline and over five hours. Time-specific concentrations, areas under concentration curves (AUC), and maximum values of metabolites were compared by paired t-tests to examine the effects of protein content of toddler milks on postprandial plasma concentrations of insulin, glucose, branched-chain amino acids (BCAA), urea and triglycerides. Twenty-seven men and women aged 26.7 +/- 5.0 years (BMI: 22.2 +/- 2.5 kg/m2) (mean +/- SD) participated. BCAA AUC, and Cmax values were significantly higher with HP than LP (144,765 +/- 21,221 vs. 97,089 +/- 14,650 micromol.min/L, p < 0.001; 656 +/- 120 vs. 407 +/- 66 micromol/L, p < 0.001), as were insulin AUC and Cmax values (6674 +/- 3013 vs. 5600 +/- 2423 micromol.min/L, p = 0.005; 71 +/- 37 vs. 55 +/- 28 micromol/L, p = 0.001). Higher glucose, urea, and triglyceride concentrations occurred in the late postprandial phase (>=180 min) with HP. In conclusion, we noted that higher milk protein intake induces increased postprandial BCAA concentrations for at least 5 h and led to higher initial insulin secretion. Gluconeogenesis due to an influx of amino acids and their degradation after HP meal might explain the late effects of protein intake on glucose and insulin.
Adsorbents Reduce Aflatoxin M1 Residue in Milk of Healthy Dairy Cow Exposed to Moderate Level Aflatoxin B1 in Diet and Its Exposure Risk for Humans.; This study investigated the effect of moderate risk level (8 microg/kg) AFB1 in diet supplemented with or without adsorbents on lactation performance, serum parameters, milk AFM1 content of healthy lactating cows and the AFM1 residue exposure risk in different human age groups. Forty late healthy lactating Holstein cows (270 +/- 22 d in milk; daily milk yield 21 +/- 3.1 kg/d) were randomly assigned to four treatments: control diet without AFB1 and adsorbents (CON), CON with 8 mug/kg AFB1 (dry matter basis, AF), AF + 15 g/d adsorbent 1 (AD1), AF + 15 g/d adsorbent 2 (AD2). The experiment lasted for 19 days, including an AFB1-challenge phase (day 1 to 14) and an AFB1-withdraw phase (day 15 to 19). Results showed that both AFB1 and adsorbents treatments had no significant effects on the DMI, milk yield, 3.5% FCM yield, milk components and serum parameters. Compared with the AF, AD1 and AD2 had significantly lower milk AFM1 concentrations (93 ng/L vs. 46 ng/L vs. 51 ng/L) and transfer rates of dietary AFB1 into milk AFM1 (1.16% vs. 0.57% vs. 0.63%) (p < 0.05). Children aged 2-4 years old had the highest exposure risk to AFM1 in milk in AF, with an EDI of 1.02 ng/kg bw/day and a HI of 5.11 (HI > 1 indicates a potential risk for liver cancer). Both AD1 and AD2 had obviously reductions in EDI and HI for all population groups, whereas, the EDI (>=0.25 ng/kg bw/day) and HI (>=1.23) of children aged 2-11 years old were still higher than the suggested tolerable daily intake (TDI) of 0.20 ng/kg bw/day and 1.00 (HI). In conclusion, moderate risk level AFB1 in the diet of healthy lactating cows could cause a public health hazard and adding adsorbents in the dairy diet is an effective measure to remit AFM1 residue in milk and its exposure risk for humans.
No adverse effects of dairy products on lipid profile: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: The current study aimed to review the effects of dairy foods on lipid profile in randomized controlled clinical trials (RCTs)., METHODS: We searched PubMed, Scopus, Embase, and Central. RCTs that assess the effects of dairy foods on lipid profile were included., RESULTS: The overall effects of dairy foods on lipid profile were non-significant. Dairy foods were associated with a non-significant reduction in triacylglycerol level, and a non-significant increase in total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level., CONCLUSION: We conclude that dairy foods doesn't have any unfavorable effects on lipids. Copyright © 2021 Diabetes India. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Leucine-enriched whey protein supplementation, resistance-based exercise, and cardiometabolic health in older adults: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Increasing protein intake (above the Recommended Dietary Amount) alone or with resistance-based exercise is suggested to improve cardiometabolic health; however, randomized controlled trials (RCTs) are needed to confirm this., METHODS: The Liverpool Hope University-Sarcopenia Aging Trial (LHU-SAT) was a 16 week RCT (ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02912130) of 100 community-dwelling older adults [mean age: 68.73 +/- 5.80 years, body mass index: 27.06 +/- 5.18 kg/m2 (52% women)] who were randomized to four independent groups [Control (C), Exercise (E), Exercise + Protein (EP), Protein (P)]. E and EP completed supervised and progressive resistance-based exercise (resistance exercise: two times per week, functional circuit exercise: once per week), while EP and P were supplemented with a leucine-enriched whey protein drink (three times per day) based on individual body weight (0.50 g/kg/meal, 1.50 g/kg/day). Outcome measures including arterial stiffness (pulse wave velocity), fasting plasma/serum biomarkers [glucose/glycated haemoglobin, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL), high-density lipoprotein, insulin, resistin, leptin, adiponectin, C-reactive protein, tumour necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin-6, cystatin-C, & ferritin], insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and kidney function (eGFR) were measured before and after intervention., RESULTS: Total protein intake (habitual diet plus supplementation) increased to 1.55 +/- 0.69 g/kg/day in EP and to 1.93 +/- 0.72 g/kg/day in P, and remained significantly lower (P < 0.001) in unsupplemented groups (E: 1.08 +/- 0.33 g/kg/day, C: 1.00 +/- 0.26 g/kg/day). At 16 weeks, there was a group-by-time interaction whereby absolute changes in LDL-cholesterol were lower in EP [mean difference: -0.79 mmol/L, 95% confidence interval (CI): -1.29, -0.28, P = 0.002] and P (mean difference: -0.76 mmol/L, 95% CI: -1.26, -0.26, P = 0.003) vs. C. Serum insulin also showed group-by-time interactions at 16 weeks whereby fold changes were lower in EP (mean difference: -0.40, 95% CI: -0.65, -0.16, P = 0.001) and P (mean difference: -0.32, 95% CI: -0.56, -0.08, P = 0.009) vs. C, and fold changes in HOMA-IR improved in EP (mean difference: -0.37, 95% CI: -0.64, -0.10, P = 0.007) and P (mean difference: -0.27, 95% CI: -0.53, -0.00, P = 0.048) vs. C. Serum resistin declined in P only (group-by-time interaction at 16 weeks: P = 0.009). No other interactions were observed in outcome measures (P > 0.05), and kidney function (eGFR) remained unaltered., CONCLUSIONS: Sixteen weeks of leucine-enriched whey protein supplementation alone and combined with resistance-based exercise improved cardiometabolic health markers in older adults. Copyright © 2021 The Authors. Journal of Cachexia, Sarcopenia and Muscle published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Society on Sarcopenia, Cachexia and Wasting Disorders.
Matrix structure of dairy products results in different postprandial lipid responses: a randomized crossover trial.; BACKGROUND: The dairy matrix may influence digestion and absorption of lipids and thereby risk of cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). However, few postprandial studies have compared dairy products that differed only in terms of their matrix., OBJECTIVES: We aimed to investigate acute 8-h postprandial lipid, glycemic, and appetite responses after intake of isoenergetic dairy meals with different matrixes, but similar nutritional composition., METHODS: Twenty-five normal-weight men (18-40 y old) were enrolled in a randomized controlled crossover trial. On 4 test days, a meal with 1 of 4 dairy products was served: cheddar cheese (Cheese), homogenized Cheese (Hom. Cheese), micellar casein isolate (MCI) with cream (MCI Drink), and a gel produced from the MCI Drink by addition of Glucono Delta-Lactone (MCI Gel). The fat- and protein-matched dairy products differed in terms of their casein network, fat droplet size, and/or texture. Blood biochemistry and appetite responses were collected., RESULTS: Eighteen participants completed the trial. Postprandial triglycerides (TGs) (primary outcome) increased by (mean +/- SEM) 0.24 +/- 0.07 and 0.19 +/- 0.07 mmol/L after MCI Gel compared with Cheese and Hom. Cheese, respectively (both P <= 0.05). Likewise, MCI Gel increased TG incremental AUC compared with Cheese and Hom. Cheese (both P < 0.05), and peak compared with Cheese (P < 0.05). ApoB-48 (primary outcome) was unaffected by dairy matrix. For free fatty acids (FFAs), glucose, and insulin, time x meal interactions were observed (all P < 0.001). During the first 2 h, FFAs were lower for Cheese than for MCI products, whereas the opposite was observed for glucose and insulin., CONCLUSIONS: Postprandial TG but not apoB-48 response was higher after MCI Gel, indicating that the type of casein network influences lipid responses. This suggests that the dairy matrix may also affect risk factors for CVDs. Reducing fat droplet size (i.e., Hom. Cheese) did not affect blood biochemistry. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT03656367. Copyright © The Author(s) 2021. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition.
Clinical Evaluation of 16-Week Supplementation with 5HMO-Mix in Healthy-Term Human Infants to Determine Tolerability, Safety, and Effect on Growth.; Human milk oligosaccharides (HMOs) are complex sugars that occur naturally in human breast milk and provide many beneficial functions. Most formula products lack HMOs or contain only the most abundant HMO, 2'-fucosyllactose; however, benefits of HMOs come from multiple sugars. We therefore developed a mixture of five HMOs (5HMO-Mix) mimicking the natural concentrations of the top five HMOs (5.75 g/L total, comprising 52% 2'-fucosyllactose, 13% 3-fucosyllactose, 26% lacto-N-tetraose, 4% 3'-sialyllactose, and 5% 6'-sialyllactose) representing the groups of neutral, neutral-fucosylated, and sialylated HMOs. We conducted the first multicenter, randomized, controlled, parallel-group clinical study assessing the safety, tolerability, and effect on growth of formula containing the 5HMO-Mix in healthy infants. We enrolled 341 subjects aged <=14 days; 225 were randomized into groups fed either with infant formula containing 5HMO-Mix (5HMO-Mix) or infant formula without HMOs (IF) for 4 months, with the others exclusively breastfed. There were no differences in weight, length, or head circumference gain between the two formula groups. The 5HMO-Mix was well tolerated, with 5HMO-Mix and breastfed infants producing softer stools at a higher stool frequency than the control formula group. Adverse events were equivalent in all groups. We conclude that the 5HMO-Mix at 5.75 g/L in infant formula is safe and well tolerated by healthy term infants during the first months of life.
Evaluation of an Infant Formula with Large, Milk-Phospholipid Coated Lipid Droplets on Long-Term Growth and Development of Singaporean Infants: Randomized Controlled Trial Protocol.; A concept infant formula (IF) was developed with physical properties of lipid droplets mimicking more closely those in human milk. This paper describes the unique design of a randomised controlled trial evaluating the impact of the concept IF on infant growth and body composition development whilst applying a cohort-like recruitment approach that fully supports breastfeeding practices of the study population. Subjects entered the study between birth and 1 months of age, and whenever parents decided to introduce formula were randomised to one of three study formulas; the concept IF comprising large lipid droplets coated by milk phospholipids and containing a specific mixture of prebiotics, a standard IF with the specific prebiotic mixture or a standard IF without the prebiotic mixture. The primary objective was to evaluate the impact of the concept IF on growth and body composition outcomes during the first year of life with a follow-up at 2, 3, 4 and 5 years of age. In addition, stool, saliva and buccal smear samples and parameters assessing safety, gastrointestinal tolerance and cognitive outcomes were collected. The applied cohort-like enrolment approach is distinctly different from standard clinical safety or efficacy studies and may provide valuable insights on trial design for the evaluation of IF while carefully considering breastfeeding practices.
Early Childhood Caries in Obese Children: The Status and Associated Factors in the Suburban Areas in Hanoi, Vietnam.; Obesity and early childhood caries are two prominent health problems affecting the majority of children worldwide. Thus, early childhood caries in obese children must be studied. This study was conducted to investigate the status of early childhood caries in obese children in Hanoi, Vietnam, and its associated factors. A cross-sectional study was conducted on 234 obese children, 234 normal children (non-obese) aged 36 to 71 months, and their mothers at some kindergartens in Hanoi. Study subjects were randomly selected with similarities in age, gender, and study location. Decayed tooth of children was detected by clinical examination and Diagnodent Kavo 2190 machine of Germany. In addition, a questionnaire for their mothers was used to find out related factors. We found that, in the Obese Group, the rate of early childhood caries (ECC), severe-early childhood caries (S-ECC), dmft index (the number of decayed teeth, teeth lost due to cavities, filled decayed teeth or filled cavity), and dmfs index (the number of surfaces of the teeth decay, surfaces of teeth were lost due to cavities, surfaces of filled decayed teeth) were 82.91%, 59.83%, 6.84 +/- 4.92, and 9.10 +/- 7.48, respectively. In the Normal Group, these rates were smaller than in the Obese Group, but the difference was not statistically significant. Regarding related factors, the hobby of drinking soft drinks, the habits and frequency of drinking milk at night and eating sweet marshmallows were associated with ECC in the Obese Group with p < 0.05. In conclusion, the higher rates of ECC were seen in obese children, with eating hobbies and habits being the related factors. Therefore, it is necessary to have appropriate policies and effective communication strategies to minimize ECC in the future.
Administration of breast milk cell fractions to neonates with birthweight equal to or less than 1800 g: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Most premature and very low birthweight infants cannot tolerate breast milk feeding in the first few days of life and are deprived of its benefits. This study evaluates the clinical outcomes of administering breast milk cell fractions to neonates with a birthweight of <=1800 g., METHODS: We conducted a randomized controlled trial on 156 infants in the neonatal intensive care unit of Mahdieh Maternity Hospital in Tehran, Iran, from May 2019 to April 2020. All neonates with a birthweight <=1800 g were enrolled and divided into intervention and control groups using stratified block randomization. Neonates in the intervention group received the extracted breast milk cell fractions (BMCFs) of their own mother's milk after being centrifuged in the first 6 to 12 h after birth. The control group received routine care, and breastfeeding was started as soon as tolerated in both groups. Study outcomes were necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC), death, and in-hospital complications., RESULTS: We divided participants into two groups: 75 neonates in the intervention group and 81 neonates in the control group. The mean birthweight of neonates was 1390.1 +/- 314.4 g, and 19 (12.2%) neonates deceased during their in-hospital stay. The incidence of NEC was similar in both groups. After adjustment for possible confounders in the multivariable model, receiving BMCFs were independently associated with lower in-hospital mortality (5 [26.3%] vs. 70 (51.1%]; odds ratio (OR): 0.24; 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.07, 0.86). Also, in a subgroup analysis of neonates with birthweight less than 1500 g, in-hospital mortality was significantly lower in the intervention group (4 [9.5%] vs. 13 [30.2%]; OR: 0.24; 95% CI 0.07, 0.82). There were no differences in major complications such as bronchopulmonary dysplasia and retinopathy of prematurity between the two groups. No adverse effects occurred., CONCLUSIONS: Our research demonstrated a significantly lower mortality rate in neonates (with a birthweight of <=1800 g) who received breast milk cell fractions on the first day of life. Since this is a novel method with minimal intervention, we are looking forward to developing and evaluating this method in larger studies., TRIAL REGISTRATION: IIranian Registry of Clinical Trials. Registered 25 May 2019, IRCT20190228042868N1 . Copyright © 2021. The Author(s).
Effect on growth of exposure to maternal antiretroviral therapy in breastmilk versus extended infant nevirapine prophylaxis among HIV-exposed perinatally uninfected infants in the PROMISE randomized trial.; BACKGROUND: Malnutrition is highly prevalent in HIV-exposed perinatally uninfected infants (HEUs) increasing the risk of morbidity and mortality throughout the life course. We set out to compare the effect of postnatal exposure to maternal antiretroviral therapy (mART) in breastmilk versus infant Nevirapine prophylaxis (iNVP) on somatic growth of HEUs in the randomized PROMISE trial., METHODS AND FINDINGS: We randomized 2431 mothers with HIV and their 2444 HEUs from six African countries and India 6-14 days after delivery to mART or iNVP for prevention of breastmilk HIV transmission. The mART regimen contained tenofovir/emtricitabine (99%) plus lopinavir/ritonavir. Infant growth parameters were compared at postnatal week 10, 26, 74 and 104 using World Health Organization (WHO) z-scores for length-for-age (LAZ), weight-for-age (WAZ), and head circumference-for-age (HCAZ). Week 26 LAZ was the primary endpoint measure. Student T-tests compared mean LAZ, WAZ, and HCAZ; estimated mean and 95% confidence interval (CI) are presented. Maternal and infant baseline characteristics were comparable between study arms. The estimated median breastfeeding duration was 70 weeks. After a mean follow-up of 88 weeks, mean LAZ and WAZ were below the WHO reference population mean at all timepoints, whereas mean HCAZ was not. The mART and iNVP arms did not differ for the primary outcome measure of LAZ at week 26 (p-value = 0.39; estimated mean difference (95%CI) of -0.05 (-0.18, 0.07)) or any of the other secondary growth outcome measures or timepoints (all p-values>=0.16). Secondary analyses of the primary outcome measure adjusting for week 0 LAZ and other covariates did not change these results (all p-values>=0.09). However, infants assigned to mART were more likely to have stunting compared to iNVP infants at week 26 (odds ratio (95% CI): 1.28 (1.05, 1.57))., CONCLUSIONS: In HEUs, growth effects from postnatal exposure to mART compared to iNVP were comparable for measures on length, weight and head circumference with no clinically relevant differences between the groups. Despite breastfeeding into the second year of life, length and weight were below reference population means at all ages in both arms. Further investment is needed to optimize postnatal growth of infants born to women with HIV., CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov number NCT01061151.
The effect of daily intake of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink, with and without added calcium, on serum adiponectin and sirtuins 1 and 6 in adult subjects with type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Some evidence suggests indirect ameliorating effects of vitamin D in diabetes via adiponectin and sirtuins. This study aimed to evaluate the effects of daily intake of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink, either with or without added calcium, on serum adiponectin, sirtuins (SIRT)1 and 6., METHODS: Briefly, 75 adults aged 30-60 years from both sexes with type 2 diabetes were randomly allocated to one of the three groups: (i) D-fortified-yogurt drink (DY; containing 1000 IU vitamin D and 300 mg calcium), (ii) Ca+D-fortified-yogurt drink (CDY; containing 1000 IU vitamin D and 500 mg calcium) and (iii) plain yogurt drink (PY; containing no detectable vitamin D and 300 mg calcium). All assessments were performed initially and after 12 weeks., RESULTS: A significant within-group increment in serum adiponectin concentrations was observed in both DY and CDY groups (+60.4 +/- 8.6, +57.5 +/- 6.4 microg/L, respectively; p < 0.001 for both). The concentrations of SIRT1 and SIRT6 had a significant within-group increment only in the CDY group (p = 0.003, p = 0.001 respectively). Being in CDY group was more favorable predictor of improvement in SIRT6 concentrations. Changes of 25(OH)D were a significant predictor of changes of adiponectin. However, this association disappeared following adjustment for changes of SIRT1. In contrast, the association between changes of 25(OH)D and HbA1c remained significant even after adjustment for SIRT1., CONCLUSIONS: Daily consumption of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink for 12 weeks resulted in an increase in circulating concentrations of SIRT1 and SIRT6 in T2D subjects and D+Ca-fortified yogurt drink was more in favor of SIRT6 increment. Copyright © 2021. The Author(s).
The effect of milk and rapeseed protein on growth factors in 7-8 year-old healthy children - A randomized controlled trial.; OBJECTIVE: Milk protein may stimulate linear growth through insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1). However, the effect of plant proteins on growth factors is largely unknown. This study assesses the effect of combinations of milk and rapeseed protein versus milk protein alone on growth factors in children., DESIGN: An exploratory 3-armed randomized, double-blind, controlled trial was conducted in 129 healthy 7-8 year-old Danish children. Children received 35 g milk and rapeseed protein (ratio 54:46 or 30:70) or 35 g milk protein per day for 4 weeks. The primary outcome was difference in IGF-1 changes between intervention groups after 4 weeks. Secondary outcomes included changes in IGF-1 after 1 week and changes in insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3), IGF-1/IGFBP-3, insulin, height, weight and body composition after 1 and 4 weeks. Results were analysed by multiple linear mixed-effect models., RESULTS: There were no differences in changes of plasma IGF-1, insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3), IGF-1/IGFBP-3 ratio or insulin between groups after 1 or 4 weeks based on 89 complete cases (P > 0.10). IGF-1 increased by 13.7 (95% CI 9.7;17.7) ng/mL and 18.0 (14.0;22.0) ng/mL from baseline to week 1 and 4, respectively, a 16% increase during the intervention. Similarly, insulin increased by 31% (14; 50) and 33% (16; 53) from baseline to week 1 and 4. Fat-free mass index (FFMI) increments were higher with milk alone than rapeseed blends (P < 0.05), coinciding with a trend towards a lower height increment. Body mass index increased within all groups (P < 0.05), mainly due to an increase in FFMI (P < 0.01)., CONCLUSION: There were no differences in changes of growth factors between the combinations of milk and rapeseed protein and milk protein alone in healthy, well-nourished children with a habitual intake of milk. Within groups, growth factors increased considerably. Future studies are needed to investigate how intakes of plant and animal proteins affect childhood growth. Copyright © 2021 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd.. All rights reserved.
Effects of an exclusive human-milk diet in preterm neonates on early vascular aging risk factors (NEOVASC): study protocol for a multicentric, prospective, randomized, controlled, open, and parallel group clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: Preterm birth accounts for approximately 11% of all livebirths globally. Due to improvements in perinatal care, more than 95% of these infants now survive into adulthood. Research has indicated a robust association between prematurity and increased cardiovascular risk factors and cardiovascular mortality. While the innate adverse effects of prematurity on these outcomes have been demonstrated, therapeutic strategies on the mitigation of these concerning developments are lacking. The primary objective of the NEOVASC clinical trial is therefore to investigate whether the administration of a prolonged exclusive human-milk diet in preterm infants is capable of alleviating the harmful effects of preterm birth on the early development of cardiovascular risk factors., METHODS: The NEOVASC study is a multicentric, prospective, randomized, controlled, open, and parallel group clinical trial conducted in four Austrian tertiary neonatal care facilities. The purpose of the present trial is to investigate the effects of a prolonged exclusive human-milk-diet devoid of bovine-milk-based food components on cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors at 1, 2, and 5 years of corrected age. Primary outcomes include assessments of fasting blood glucose levels, blood pressure levels, and the distensibility of the descending aorta using validated echocardiographic protocols at 5 years of corrected age. The test group, which consists of 200 preterm infants, will therefore be compared to a control group of 100 term-born infants and a historical control group recruited previously., DISCUSSION: Given the emerging implications of an increased cardiovascular risk profile in the potentially growing population of preterm infants, further research on the mitigation of long-term morbidities in formerly preterm infants is urgently warranted. Further optimizing preterm infants' nutrition by removing bovine-milk-based food components may therefore be an interesting approach worth pursuing., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT04413994 . Registered on 4 June 2020. Copyright © 2021. The Author(s).
Postprandial effects of a whey protein-based multi-ingredient nutritional drink compared with a normal breakfast on glucose, insulin, and active GLP-1 response among type 2 diabetic subjects: a crossover randomised controlled trial.; Postprandial hyperglycaemia is recognised as an important target in type 2 diabetes management. Dietary pattern, meal composition, and amount of food intake are major factors for maintaining postprandial blood glucose levels. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of consuming a whey protein-based multi-ingredient nutritional drink (WD) on postprandial glycaemic, insulinaemic, and active glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) responses in comparison to a typical breakfast, which is boiled white rice with chicken (BC) in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Fifteen subjects with T2DM participated in a randomised, controlled, cross-over study. Two isocaloric diets with similar nutrient composition were randomly tested with at least 7 d in between. Glucose, insulin, and active GLP-1 were measured by standard methods with blood samples collected with a venous catheter for 240 min during a kinetic test. The incremental area under the curve (iAUC0-240 min) for plasma glucose was significantly lower after the consumption of WD (WD: 3551 +/- 546; BC: 9610 +/- 848 mg min/dl; P < 001), while insulinaemic response tended to be lesser (iAUC0-240 min) than those of BC. In addition, higher iAUC0-240 min for active GLP-1 was obtained with WD diet (WD: 2230 +/- 441; BC: 925 +/- 183 pM min/ml; P < 001). This study showed that WD can be used to replace a regular breakfast for improving postprandial glucose response and active GLP-1 levels in people with T2DM. Further studies are required to elucidate the clinical efficacy of WD on long-term glycaemic control in people with T2DM. Copyright © The Author(s) 2021.
Effect of kefir beverage consumption on glycemic control: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials.; Kefir is a fermented beverage obtained as a result of lactic-alcoholic fermentation of milk by using kefir grains or a starter culture. Kefir beverage has numerous health benefits owing to its antimicrobial, anti-inflammatory and anti-diabetic properties, while it could also regulate the gut microbiota. This beverage is recommended as a nutritional approach to glycemic control. This systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) aimed to evaluate the effects of kefir beverage on the glycemic control. For this purpose, a literature search was conducted via databases such as PubMed, Scopus, ISI Web of Science, and Google Scholar for the articles published until July 2020 with no limitation. The indicators of glycemic control were fasting blood sugar (FBS), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), and insulin. In total, six RCTs on a total sample size of 323 subjects were selected for the meta-analysis. Inverse-variance weighted mean difference (WMD) with a 95% confidence interval (CI) was calculated for the mean changes in HbA1c, FBG and insulin compared to baseline. Considering the clinical heterogeneity caused by the varied duration and dosage of kefir beverage treatment, a random effects model was used to estimate the pooled WMD. Findings indicated a more significant reduction in the FBS (WMD = -10.28; 95% CI: -16.53-4.02; P = 0.001) and insulin (WMD = -2.87; 95% CI: -3.96-1.78; P < 0.00001) in the kefir treatment group. Furthermore, kefir consumption could reduce HbA1c (HbA1c = -0.64 -1.36, 0.08), while this effect was not considered significant (-0.64; 95% CI: -1.36-0.08; P = 0.08). The results of our meta-analysis indicated that kefir beverage could reduce the FBS and insulin levels without a significant effect on HbA1c. In general, our findings showed that kefir beverages may have beneficial effects on glycemic control. However, more clinical data and research into the mechanism of probiotics are required to clarify the beneficial effects of probiotics on glycemic markers. Copyright © 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Thoughts of social distancing experiences affect food intake and hypothetical binge eating: Implications for people in home quarantine during COVID-19.; BACKGROND AND RATIONALE: Social distance regulations have been suggested as one of the best ways to control and prevent the spread of COVID-19. Social connection and food are intertwined because both have played critical evolutionary roles in human survival. We tested whether the substitutability hypothesis in human motivation applies here in that cues signaling scarcity in one domain (e.g., social connection) might enhance the desire to acquire resources in another domain (e.g., food)., METHODS: We recruited 140 adults from Kaohsiung City (the largest city in southern Taiwan) to participate in a laboratory experiment. Participants were randomly assigned to receive either social distancing or neutral primes via an emotional-event recollection technique. The amount of ice cream eaten during a taste test and the self-reported likelihood of binge eating served as the dependent measures., RESULTS: We found that, compared with controls, participants primed with social distancing consumed more ice cream in a taste test and reported a greater likelihood that they would engage in binge eating if they were placed in home quarantine., CONCLUSIONS: We may be the first to provide experimental evidence that social distancing can enhance the desire for food. The link between social distancing and the desire for food is pertinent to understanding how strongly social distance regulations may influence weight gain. Our findings have far-reaching implications for weight control under social distance regulations for prevention and control of COVID-19. Copyright © 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Impact of low-fat and full-fat dairy foods on fasting lipid profile and blood pressure: exploratory endpoints of a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Dietary guidelines traditionally recommend low-fat dairy because dairy's high saturated fat content is thought to promote cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, emerging evidence indicates that dairy fat may not negatively impact CVD risk factors when consumed in foods with a complex matrix., OBJECTIVE: The aim was to compare the effects of diets limited in dairy or rich in either low-fat or full-fat dairy on CVD risk factors., METHODS: In this randomized controlled trial, 72 participants with metabolic syndrome completed a 4-wk run-in period, limiting their dairy intake to <=3 servings/wk of nonfat milk. Participants were then randomly assigned to 1 of 3 diets, either continuing the limited-dairy diet or switching to a diet containing 3.3 servings/d of either low-fat or full-fat milk, yogurt, and cheese for 12 wk. Exploratory outcome measures included changes in the fasting lipid profile and blood pressure., RESULTS: In the per-protocol analysis (n = 66), there was no intervention effect on fasting serum total, LDL, and HDL cholesterol; triglycerides; free fatty acids; or cholesterol content in 38 isolated plasma lipoprotein fractions (P > 0.1 for all variables in repeated-measures ANOVA). There was also no intervention effect on diastolic blood pressure, but a significant intervention effect for systolic blood pressure (P = 0.048), with a trend for a decrease in the low-fat dairy diet (-1.6 +/- 8.6 mm Hg) compared with the limited-dairy diet (+2.5 +/- 8.2 mm Hg) in post hoc testing. Intent-to-treat results were consistent for all endpoints, with the exception that systolic blood pressure became nonsignificant (P = 0.08)., CONCLUSIONS: In men and women with metabolic syndrome, a diet rich in full-fat dairy had no effects on fasting lipid profile or blood pressure compared with diets limited in dairy or rich in low-fat dairy. Therefore, dairy fat, when consumed as part of complex whole foods, does not adversely impact these classic CVD risk factors. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02663544. Copyright © The Author(s) 2021. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition.
Determinants of fatty acid content and composition of human milk fed to infants born weighing <1250 g.; BACKGROUND: Infants born at very low birth weight (VLBW) are vulnerable to deficits in fatty acids (FAs) but little is known of factors that influence the intakes or composition of their human milk feeds., OBJECTIVES: We aimed to identify sources of variability in the fat composition of human milk fed to VLBW infants and examine the impact of milk source (mother's own or donor) on fat and FA intakes., METHODS: Serial samples of mother's milk (n = 476) and donor milk (n = 53) fed to infants born weighing <1250 g (n = 114 infants from 100 mothers) were collected [Optimizing Mothers' Milk for Preterm Infants (OptiMoM) randomized clinical trial]. Fat and FA were analyzed using a mid-infrared human milk analyzer and GC with flame ionization detection., RESULTS: At full enteral feeding, donor milk is estimated to provide 1.3 g . kg-1 . d-1 less total fat than mature mother's milk (recommended intake: 4.8 g . kg-1 . d-1), and 5-9 mg . kg-1 . d-1 less DHA (22:6n-3) and arachidonic acid (20:4n-6) (estimated average requirement: 55-60 and 35-45 mg . kg-1 . d-1, respectively) than colostrum or transitional milk. Similar deficits were observed in measured intakes of a subset of OptiMoM infants. In multivariable-adjusted models, maternal ethnicity had medium to large [>=0.5 SD score (SDS)] effects on DHA, SFAs, and MUFAs. Mothers with prepregnancy BMI in overweight and obese categories had higher milk total fat (beta: 0.35; 95% CI: 0.10, 0.61 and beta: 0.46; 95% CI: 0.16, 0.77 SDS, respectively). Those with BMI >=30 in addition had higher proportions of SFAs (beta: 0.61; 95% CI: 0.33, 0.89 SDS) and lower DHA (beta: -0.54; 95% CI: -0.89, -0.20 SDS). Other factors, such as gestational age and income, were also associated with FA composition., CONCLUSIONS: The fat and FA content of human milk fed to VLBW infants is variable. Care must be taken to ensure fat and FA intakes meet recommendations, particularly when feeding a high proportion of donor milk. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02137473. Copyright © The Author(s) 2021. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition.
Breastfeeding and risk of overweight in childhood and beyond: a systematic review with emphasis on sibling-pair and intervention studies.; BACKGROUND: Breastfeeding is associated with a lower risk of subsequent overweight or obesity, but it is uncertain whether this is a causal relation because most studies have not adequately reduced risk of bias due to confounding., OBJECTIVES: The aim of this review was to examine whether 1) ever compared with never consuming human milk and 2) different durations of human milk consumption among infants fed human milk are related to later risk of overweight or obesity, with emphasis on sibling-pair and intervention studies., METHODS: The 2020 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee, together with the Nutrition Evidence Systematic Review team, conducted a systematic review of articles relevant to healthy full-term infants in countries with a high or very high level of human development. We searched PubMed, Embase, Cochrane, and CINAHL; dual-screened the results using predetermined criteria; extracted data from and assessed the risk of bias for each included study; qualitatively synthesized the evidence; developed conclusion statements; and graded the strength of the evidence., RESULTS: The review included 42 articles, including 6 cohorts with sibling-pair analyses and 1 randomized controlled trial of a breastfeeding promotion intervention. Moderate evidence suggested that ever, compared with never, consuming human milk is associated with a lower risk of overweight and obesity at ages 2 y and older, particularly if the duration of human milk consumption is >6 mo. However, residual confounding cannot be ruled out. Evidence was insufficient to determine the relation between the duration of any human milk consumption, among infants fed human milk, and overweight and/or obesity at age 2 y and older., CONCLUSIONS: Further research, using strong study designs, is needed to disentangle the complex relation between infant feeding practices and the risk of subsequent overweight or obesity, as well as the biological and behavioral mechanisms if the relation is causal. Copyright © The Author(s) 2021. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition.
The Postprandial Glycaemic and Hormonal Responses Following the Ingestion of a Novel, Ready-to-Drink Shot Containing a Low Dose of Whey Protein in Centrally Obese and Lean Adult Males: A Randomised Controlled Trial.; Purpose: Elevated postprandial glycaemia [PPG] increases the risk of cardiometabolic complications in insulin-resistant, centrally obese individuals. Therefore, strategies that improve PPG are of importance for this population. Consuming large doses of whey protein [WP] before meals reduces PPG by delaying gastric emptying and stimulating the secretion of the incretin peptides, glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide [GIP] and glucagon-like peptide 1 [GLP-1]. It is unclear if these effects are observed after smaller amounts of WP and what impact central adiposity has on these gastrointestinal processes., Methods: In a randomised-crossover design, 12 lean and 12 centrally obese adult males performed two 240 min mixed-meal tests, ~5-10 d apart. After an overnight fast, participants consumed a novel, ready-to-drink WP shot (15 g) or volume-matched water (100 ml; PLA) 10 min before a mixed-nutrient meal. Gastric emptying was estimated by oral acetaminophen absorbance. Interval blood samples were collected to measure glucose, insulin, GIP, GLP-1, and acetaminophen., Results: WP reduced PPG area under the curve [AUC0-60] by 13 and 18.2% in the centrally obese and lean cohorts, respectively (both p <0.001). In both groups, the reduction in PPG was accompanied by a two-three-fold increase in GLP-1 and delayed gastric emptying. Despite similar GLP-1 responses during PLA, GLP-1 secretion during the WP trial was ~27% lower in centrally obese individuals compared to lean (p = 0.001). In lean participants, WP increased the GLP-1ACTIVE/TOTAL ratio comparative to PLA (p = 0.004), indicative of reduced GLP-1 degradation. Conversely, no treatment effects for GLP-1ACTIVE/TOTAL were seen in obese subjects., Conclusion: Pre-meal ingestion of a novel, ready-to-drink WP shot containing just 15 g of dietary protein reduced PPG in lean and centrally obese males. However, an attenuated GLP-1 response to mealtime WP and increased incretin degradation might impact the efficacy of nutritional strategies utilising the actions of GLP-1 to regulate PPG in centrally obese populations. Whether these defects are caused by an individual's insulin resistance, their obese state, or other obesity-related ailments needs further investigation., Clinical Trial Registration: ISRCTN.com, identifier [ISRCTN95281775]. https://www.isrctn.com/. Copyright © 2021 Smith, Taylor, Allerton, Brunsgaard, Bowden Davies, Stevenson and West.
Effects of Fermented Milk Containing Lacticaseibacillus paracasei Strain Shirota on Constipation in Patients with Depression: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial.; Probiotics have been shown to benefit patients with constipation and depression, but whether they specifically alleviate constipation in patients with depression remains unclear. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of Lacticaseibacillus paracasei strain Shirota (LcS), formerly Lactobacillus casei strain Shirota, on constipation in patients with depression with specific etiology and gut microbiota and on depressive regimens. Eighty-two patients with constipation were recruited. The subjects consumed 100 mL of a LcS beverage (108 CFU/mL) or placebo every day for 9 weeks. After ingesting beverages for this period, we observed no significant differences in the total patient constipation-symptom (PAC-SYM) scores in the LcS group when compared with the placebo group. However, symptoms/scores in item 7 (rectal tearing or bleeding after a bowel movement) and items 8-12 (stool symptom subscale) were more alleviated in the LcS group than in the placebo group. The Beck Depression Index (BDI) and Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD) scores were all significantly decreased, and the degree of depression was significantly improved in both the placebo and LcS groups (p < 0.05), but there was no significant difference between the groups. The LcS intervention increased the beneficial Adlercreutzia, Megasphaera and Veillonella levels and decreased the bacterial levels related to mental illness, such as Rikenellaceae_RC9_gut_group, Sutterella and Oscillibacter. Additionally, the interleukin (IL)-1beta, IL-6, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) levels were significantly decreased in both the placebo and LcS groups (p < 0.05). In particular, the IL-6 levels were significantly lower in the LcS group than the placebo group after the ingestion period (p < 0.05). In conclusion, the daily consumption of LcS for 9 weeks appeared to relieve constipation and improve the potentially depressive symptoms in patients with depression and significantly decrease the IL-6 levels. In addition, the LcS supplementation also appeared to regulate the intestinal microbiota related to mental illness.
Impact of Dairy Intake on Plasma F2-IsoProstane Profiles in Overweight Subjects with Hyperinsulinemia: A Randomized Crossover Trial.; F2-IsoProstanes (F2-IsoPs) are major biomarkers of oxidative stress and are associated with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Further, plasma levels of F2-IsoPs may be modified by dairy products. The aim is to investigate the effect of high dairy product (HD) consumption compared to an adequate dairy product (AD) consumption on the level of F2-IsoPs among hyperinsulinemic subjects. In this crossover study, participants were randomized in two groups: HD (>=4 servings/day), or AD (<=2 servings/day) for six weeks. Fasting blood glucose and insulin were measured. The homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was calculated. Six isomers of F2-IsoPs were quantified by HPLC-MS/MS. Twenty-seven subjects with hyperinsulinemia (mean age; 55 +/- 13 years, BMI; 31.4 +/- 3.3 kg/m2) were included. Fasting glucose, insulin and HOMA-IR were unchanged after HD or AD intervention. After HD intake, the total level of F2-IsoPs (p = 0.03), 5-F2t-IsoP (p = 0.002), and 8-F2t-IsoP (p = 0.004) decreased compared to AD. The 15-F2t-IsoP tended to be positively correlated with fasting blood glucose (r = 0.39, p = 0.08). Generally, F2-IsoPs levels were higher among men compared to women regardless of the dairy intake. Overall, intake of HD decreased plasma levels of F2-IsoPs compared to AD without modifying glycemic parameters.
Comparative Assessment of the Acute Effects of Whey, Rice and Potato Protein Isolate Intake on Markers of Glycaemic Regulation and Appetite in Healthy Males Using a Randomised Study Design.; Global protein consumption has been increasing for decades due to changes in demographics and consumer shifts towards higher protein intake to gain health benefits in performance nutrition and appetite regulation. Plant-derived proteins may provide a more environmentally sustainable alternative to animal-derived proteins. This study, therefore, aimed to investigate, for the first time, the acute effects on glycaemic indices, gut hormones, and subjective appetite ratings of two high-quality, plant-derived protein isolates (potato and rice), in comparison to a whey protein isolate in a single-blind, triple-crossover design study with nine male participants (30.8 +/- 9.3 yrs). Following a 12 h overnight fast, participants consumed an equal volume of the three isocaloric protein shakes on different days, with at least a one-week washout period. Glycaemic indices and gut hormones were measured at baseline, then at 30, 60, 120, 180 min at each visit. Subjective palatability and appetite ratings were measured using visual analogue scales (VAS) over the 3 h, at each visit. This data showed significant differences in insulin secretion with an increase in whey (+141.8 +/- 35.1 pmol/L; p = 0.011) and rice (-64.4 +/- 20.9 pmol/L; p = 0.046) at 30 min compared to potato protein. A significantly larger total incremental area under the curve (iAUC) was observed with whey versus potato and rice with p < 0.001 and p = 0.010, respectively. There was no significant difference observed in average appetite perception between the different proteins. In conclusion, this study suggests that both plant-derived proteins had a lower insulinaemic response and improved glucose maintenance compared to whey protein.
Effects of Palm Stearin versus Butter in the Context of Low-Carbohydrate/High-Fat and High-Carbohydrate/Low-Fat Diets on Circulating Lipids in a Controlled Feeding Study in Healthy Humans.; BACKGROUND: Foods rich in saturated fatty acids (SFAs) have been discouraged by virtue of their cholesterol-raising potential, but this effect is modulated by the food source and background level of carbohydrate., OBJECTIVE: We aimed to compare the consumption of palm stearin (PS) versus butter on circulating cholesterol responses in the setting of both a low-carbohydrate/high-fat (LC/HF) and high-carbohydrate/low-fat (HC/LF) diet in healthy subjects. We also explored effects on plasma lipoprotein particle distribution and fatty acid composition., METHODS: We performed a randomized, controlled-feeding, cross-over study that compared a PS- versus a Butter-based diet in a group of normocholesterolemic, non-obese adults. A controlled canola oil-based 'Run-In' diet preceded the experimental PS and Butter diets. All diets were eucaloric, provided for 3-weeks, and had the same macronutrient distribution but varied in primary fat source (40% of the total fat). The same Run-In and cross-over experiments were done in two separate groups who self-selected to either a LC/HF (n = 12) or a HC/LF (n = 12) diet track. The primary outcomes were low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C), high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-C, triglycerides, and LDL particle distribution., RESULTS: Compared to PS, Butter resulted in higher LDL-C in both the LC/HF (13.4%, p = 0.003) and HC/LF (10.8%, p = 0.002) groups, which was primarily attributed to large LDL I and LDL IIa particles. There were no differences between PS and Butter in HDL-C, triglycerides, or small LDL particles. Oxidized LDL was lower after PS than Butter in LC/HF (p = 0.011), but not the HC/LF group., CONCLUSIONS: These results demonstrate that Butter raises LDL-C relative to PS in healthy normocholesterolemic adults regardless of background variations in carbohydrate and fat, an effect primarily attributed to larger cholesterol-rich LDL particles.
Efficacy of B12 Fortified Nutrient Bar and Yogurt in Improving Plasma B12 Concentrations-Results From 2 Double-Blind Randomized Placebo Controlled Trials.; BACKGROUND: Dietary vitamin B12 (B12) deficiency is common in Indians. Long-term compliance to tablet supplementation is poor in asymptomatic individuals., OBJECTIVE: To study efficacy of B12 fortified nutrient bar and yogurt in improving plasma B12 concentrations in children and adults., METHODS: Two double-blind, placebo-controlled directly observed therapy randomized controlled trials were conducted for 120 days: (1) Healthy children (10-13 years) were fed nutrient bar fortified with B12 (2 mug), multiple micronutrients B12 (1.8 mug) or placebo. (2) Healthy adults (18-50 years) were fed yogurt fortified with B12 (2 mug) or Propionibacterium (1 x 108 cfu/g) or placebo. B12, folate, homocysteine, and hemoglobin concentrations were measured before and post intervention., RESULTS: We randomized 164 children and 118 adults; adherence was 96% and 82%, respectively. In children, B12 fortified bars increased B12 concentrations significantly above baseline (B12 alone +91 pmol/L, B12+ multiple micronutrients +82 pmol/L) compared to placebo. In adults, B12 fortified yogurt increased B12 significantly (+38 pmol/L) but Propionibacterium and placebo did not. In both trials, homocysteine fell significantly with B12 supplementation. Rise of B12 and fall of homocysteine were influenced by dose of B12 and folic acid. There was no significant difference in change of anthropometry and hemoglobin between groups., CONCLUSIONS: B12 fortified foods are effective in improving B12 status in Indian children and adults. They could be used to improve B12 status in the national programs for children, adolescents, and women of reproductive age. They could also be used as over-the-counter products.
Self-Administration of Drugs in Mouse Models of Feeding and Obesity.; Preclinical studies in mice often rely on invasive protocols, such as injections or oral gavage, to deliver drugs. These stressful routes of administration have significant effects on important metabolic parameters including food intake and body weight. Although an attractive option to circumvent this is to compound the drug in rodent food or dissolve it in water, these approaches also have limitations as they are affected by drug stability at room temperature for extended periods of time, the drug's solubility in water, and that the dosing is highly dependent on timing of food or water intake. The constant availability of the drug also limits translational relevance on how drugs are administered to patients. To overcome these limitations, drugs can be mixed with highly palatable food, such as peanut butter, allowing mice to self-administer compounds. Mice reliably and reproducibly consume the drug/peanut butter pellet in a short time frame. This approach facilitates a delivery approach with minimal stress compared with an injection or gavage. This protocol demonstrates the approach of drug preparation, animal acclimatization to placebo delivery, and drug delivery. The implications of this approach are discussed in studies related to timing of drug administration and the circadian rhythm.
[Effects of the intake of dairy products naturally enriched with selenium and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in a sample of postmenopausal women with metabolic syndrome: a randomized, triple-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial].; INTRODUCTION: Introduction: metabolic syndrome in postmenopausal women can improve with a healthy diet. Objectives: to evaluate whether a dietary intervention with dairy products naturally enriched with selenium and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids increases selenium plasma levels and improves cardiovascular risk factors in postmenopausal women with metabolic syndrome. Material and methods: a randomized, triple-blind, controlled clinical trial carried out in GP surgeries. Recruitment: April 2018, 46 postmenopausal women with metabolic syndrome who were frequent dairy consumers. Randomization: 23 in control group and 23 in experimental group. Intervention: consumption of dairy products naturally enriched with selenium and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (milk, yogurt, fresh cheese) for three months. Controls took conventional dairy. Primary endpoint: plasma selenium levels; secondary endpoints: metabolic syndrome criteria. Registration number 2018/256, Galicia Ethics Committee. Results: in all, 23 women in the control group and 21 in the intervention group completed the trial. Selenium increased in the intervention group (7.2 microg/L, 95 % CI, 3.7/10.8) compared to the control group (-4.5 microg/L, 95 % CI, -8/-1) (p < 0.001) and very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol decreased (-2.3 mg/dL, 95 % CI, -5.6/1) compared to the control group (1.9 mg/dL, 95 % CI, -0.7/4.5) (p = 0.043). Waist circumference (p = 0.010), body mass index (p = 0.047) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (p < 0.001) in the experimental group improved in comparison to baseline measurements. Conclusions : an intervention with dairy products naturally enriched with selenium and omega-3 in a sample of postmenopausal women with metabolic syndrome can improve plasma selenium levels and very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol.
Integrating needs-supportive delivery into a laboratory-based randomised controlled trial for adolescent girls with overweight and obesity: Theoretical underpinning and 12-week psychological outcomes.; When designing efficacy trials, researchers have a responsibility to "do no harm" and to "do good". Given the psychological vulnerability of adolescent girls with overweight and obesity, it is important to consider the implications of participating in weight-related research studies. We investigated psychological outcomes from a 12-week laboratory-based randomised controlled trial aimed at improving body composition and bone health in adolescent girls with overweight and obesity. Sixty-three participants were randomised to three groups (Recommended dairy diet plus exercise (RDa, n = 24); Low dairy diet plus exercise (LDa, n = 25); no-intervention control (n = 14)). Self-Determination Theory-informed strategies were applied in both intervention groups to foster motivation and enhance psychological wellbeing. Motivation, perceived competence and self-perceptions were measured at 0 and 12 weeks. Fifty-four participants (24 RDa, 23 LDa, 7 Control) provided complete psychological data. There were no between group differences in 0- to 12-week change in motivation, perceived competence or global self-worth. Both intervention groups showed significant improvements in physical self-worth (p = 0.001), body satisfaction (p = 0.002) and perceived physical conditioning (p = 0.002), compared with the control group. A theory-informed, laboratory-based diet and exercise intervention produced favourable psychological outcomes for adolescent girls with overweight and obesity.
Human Milk Oligosaccharides Modulate Fecal Microbiota and Are Safe for Use in Children With Overweight: A Randomized Controlled Trial.; OBJECTIVES: Human milk oligosaccharides (HMOs) impact the intestinal microbiota by increasing beneficial bacteria in infants and adults, and are safe and well tolerated in these age groups. Effects on intestinal microbiota, safety, and digestive tolerance in children have not been, however, assessed. The aims of this trial were to evaluate if HMOs are able to specifically modulate the intestinal microbiota in children, and to assess safety and digestive tolerance., METHODS: In this randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial, 75 children with overweight (including obesity) ages 6 to 12 years were randomized to receive 2'-fucosyllactose (2'FL), a mix of 2'FL and lacto-N-neotetraose (Mix), or a glucose placebo orally administrated once per day for 8 weeks., RESULTS: The relative abundance of bifidobacteria increased significantly after 4 (P < 0.001) and 8 (P = 0.025) weeks of intervention in the 2'FL-group and after 4 weeks (P = 0.033) in the Mix-group, whereas no change was observed in the placebo group. Compared with placebo, the 2'FL-group had a significant increase in bifidobacteria abundance after 4 weeks (P < 0.001) and 8 weeks (P = 0.010) and the Mix-group showed a tendency to increased bifidobacteria abundance after 4 (P = 0.071) and 8 weeks (P = 0.071). Bifidobacterium adolescentis drove the bifidogenic effect in the 2 groups. Biochemical markers indicated no safety concerns, and the products did not induce digestive tolerance issues as assessed by Gastrointestinal Symptoms Rating Scale and Bristol Stool Form Scale., CONCLUSIONS: Both 2'FL and the Mix beneficially modulate intestinal microbiota by increasing bifidobacteria. Furthermore, supplementation with either 2'FL alone or a Mix is safe and well tolerated in children. Copyright © 2021 The Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. on behalf of the European Society for Pediatric Gastroenterology, Hepatology, and Nutrition and the North American Society for Pediatric Gastroenterology, Hepatology, and Nutrition.
Topical cream containing nanoparticles with vitamin E to prevent radiodermatitis in women with breast cancer: a clinical trial protocol.; OBJECTIVE: Little is known about the efficacy of products aiming to prevent radiodermatitis, which affects between 90-95% of women with breast cancer. The use of antioxidants is promising, however, there is a lack of evidenceon their effectiveness. Here, the authors present a clinical trial protocol to evaluate the effects of applying a cream containing nanoparticles with vitamin E to prevent radiodermatitis in patients with breast cancer., METHOD: The protocol recommends that 108 women with breast cancer, receiving radiotherapy, are included in this triple-blinded, randomized, controlled study at an oncology hospital. Patients will be divided in three groups of 36 individuals each: group A will receive a cream with lipid nanoparticles and vitamin E, group B will receive a cream without nanoparticles nor vitamin E, and group C will receive a cream with nanoparticles without vitamin E. The primary endpoints will evaluate the incidence, degree, and time of onset of radiodermatitis. The secondary endpoints will focus on the quality of life, symptoms, and local temperature. Patients will be assessed three times a week, from the start of their radiotherapy treatment to two weeks after the last session. This protocol was approved by the research ethics committee of the institutions involved and registered on an international trials database.
Acute responses of hepatic fat content to consuming fat, glucose and fructose alone and in combination in non-obese non-diabetic individuals with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.; We have recently demonstrated that a high-fat load can induce immediate increase in hepatic fat content (HFC) and that such an effect can be modified differently by co-administration of fructose or glucose in healthy subjects. Therefore, we addressed the question how consumption of these nutrients affects changes in HFC in subjects with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Eight male non-obese non-diabetic patients with NAFLD underwent 6 experiments each lasting 8 hours: 1. fasting, 2. high-fat load (150 g of fat (dairy cream) at time 0), 3. glucose (three doses of 50 g at 0, 2, and 4 hours), 4. high-fat load with three doses of 50 g of glucose, 5. fructose (three doses of 50 g at 0, 2, and 4 hours), 6. high-fat load with three doses of 50 g of fructose. HFC was measured using magnetic resonance spectroscopy prior to meal administration and 3 and 6 hours later. Plasma triglycerides, non-esterified fatty acids, glucose and insulin were monitored throughout each experiment. HFC increased by 10.4 +/- 6.9% six hours after a high-fat load and by 15.2 +/- 12.5% after high-fat load with fructose. When co-administering glucose with fat, HFC rose only transiently to return to baseline at 6 hours. Importantly, NAFLD subjects accumulated almost five times more fat in their livers than healthy subjects with normal HFC. Consumption of a high-fat load results in fat accumulation in the liver of NAFLD patients. Fat accumulation after a fat load is diminished by glucose but not fructose co-administration.
Daily intake of yogurt drink fortified either with vitamin D alone or in combination with added calcium causes a thyroid-independent increase of resting metabolic rate in adults with type 2 diabetes: a randomized, double-blind, clinical trial.; We investigated the effect of daily intake of yogurt drink fortified with either vitamin D alone or with added calcium on resting metabolic rate (RMR), thyroid hormones and homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance in subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D). A total of 75 adult subjects with T2D were randomly assigned to 1 of the 3 groups to receive either D-fortified yogurt drink (DY; 1000 IU vitamin D/day), Ca-D-fortified yogurt drink (CDY; 1000 IU vitamin D plus 500 mg calcium), or plain yogurt drink for 12 weeks. All assessments were done at the baseline and after the intervention. The concentrations of anti-thyroid peroxidase antibody (anti-TPO-Ab), intact parathyroid hormone (iPTH) and thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) had declined significantly compared with baseline values only in the CDY group. The mean RMR increased in both DY and CDY groups (p < 0.001 for both). Also, changes of serum concentrations of 25-hydroxycalciferol (B = 2.96, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.3 to 4.6, p = 0.001) and iPTH (B = -2.41, 95% CI = -4.5 to -0.31, p = 0.025) remained significant predictors of RMR changes even after adjustment for changes of serum concentrations of TSH (B = -18.2, 95% CI = -61.7 to 25.2, p = 0.406). Daily intake of vitamin D together with calcium at physiological doses has attenuating effect on anti-TPO-Ab and TSH. Also, vitamin D with or without added calcium causes a significant thyroid-independent increase in RMR in euthyroid subjects with T2D. Registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01229891. Novelty: Daily intake of vitamin D with calcium at physiological doses has attenuating effect on anti-TPO-Ab and TSH. Vitamin D with or without added calcium causes a thyroid-independent increase in RMR in euthyroid subjects with T2D.
Milk-Fat Intake and Differences in Abdominal Adiposity and BMI: Evidence Based on 13,544 Randomly-Selected Adults.; The primary purpose of this investigation was to evaluate the relationship between milk-fat intake and obesity, particularly abdominal obesity, in 13,544 U.S. adults. A lesser objective was to measure the degree to which the association was influenced by multiple potential confounding variables. This cross-sectional study used data from the 2011-2016 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES). Quantity of milk-fat regularly consumed was the exposure variable. Sagittal abdominal diameter (SAD), a measure of abdominal obesity, and body mass index (BMI) were the outcome variables. Sagittal abdominal diameter is a strong predictor of visceral abdominal fat, when measured by computed tomography, and has been shown to predict cardiometabolic disorders better than BMI. After controlling for age, race, gender, physical activity, leisure computer use and gaming, alcohol habits, and cigarette use, significantly lower BMIs were associated with consistent non-fat and full-fat milk consumption (F = 4.1, p = 0.0063). A significantly lower SAD was associated only with regular consumption of non-fat milk (F = 5.0, p = 0.0019). No significant differences were detected between the other milk-fat groups or milk abstainers. In this nationally representative sample, only 19.6% of adults regularly consumed low-fat milk. In conclusion, consistent non-fat milk intake was predictive of lower levels of abdominal adiposity compared to consumption of higher levels of milk-fat.
Consumption of Enriched Yogurt with PAF Inhibitors from Olive Pomace Affects the Major Enzymes of PAF Metabolism: A Randomized, Double Blind, Three Arm Trial.; Platelet-activating factor (PAF), a proinflammatory lipid mediator, plays a crucial role in the formation of the atherosclerotic plaque. Therefore, the inhibition of endothelium inflammation by nutraceuticals, such as PAF inhibitors, is a promising alternative for preventing cardiovascular diseases. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the impact of a new functional yogurt enriched with PAF inhibitors of natural origin from olive oil by-products on PAF metabolism. Ninety-two apparently healthy, but mainly overweight volunteers (35-65 years) were randomly allocated into three groups by block-randomization. The activities of PAF's biosynthetic and catabolic enzymes were measured, specifically two isoforms of acetyl-CoA:lyso-PAF acetyltransferase (LPCATs), cytidine 5'-diphospho-choline:1-alkyl-2-acetyl-sn-glycerol cholinephosphotransferase (PAF-CPT) and two isoforms of platelet activating factor acetylhydrolase in leucocytes (PAF-AH) and plasma (lipoprotein associated phospholipase-A2, LpPLA2). The intake of the enriched yogurt resulted in reduced PAF-CPT and LpPLA2 activities. No difference was observed in the activities of the two isoforms of lyso PAF-AT. In conclusion, intake of yogurt enriched in PAF inhibitors could favorably modulate PAF biosynthetic and catabolic pathways.
The Efficacy of Short-Term Weight Loss Programs and Consumption of Natural Probiotic Bryndza Cheese on Gut Microbiota Composition in Women.; Weight loss interventions with probiotics have favourable effects on gut microbiota composition and derived metabolites. However, little is known about whether the consumption of natural probiotics, such as Bryndza cheeses, brings similar benefits. The purpose of the study was to find the effect of short-term weight loss programs and Bryndza cheese consumption on the structure of the gut microbiota, microbiota-derived metabolites and body composition in middle-aged women. We conducted a randomised controlled intervention study. Twenty-two female participants with a body fat percentage >=25% underwent a short weight loss program (4 weeks). Subjects were randomised to either the control or intervention group according to diet. The intervention group comprised 13 participants, whose diet contained 30 g of "Bryndza" cheese daily (WLPB). The control group comprised nine participants without the regular consumption of Bryndza cheese (WLP) in their diet. Both interventions lead to a significant and favourable change of BMI, body fat, waist circumference and muscle mass. Moreover, the relative abundance of Erysipelotrichales significantly increased in both groups. However, the relative abundance of lactic acid bacteria (Lactobacillales, Streptococcaceae, Lactococcus and Streptococcus) significantly increased only in the WLPB group. Furthermore, short-chain fatty acid producers Phascolarctobacterium and Butyricimonas increased significantly in the WLPB group. A short-term weight loss program combined with Bryndza cheese consumption improves body composition and increases the abundance of lactic acid bacteria and short-chain fatty acid producers in middle-aged women.
Topical simvastatin-cholesterol for disseminated superficial actinic porokeratosis: An open-label, split-body clinical trial.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Disseminated superficial actinic porokeratosis (DSAP) is a porokeratosis variant that is cosmetically disfiguring and may be associated with squamous cell carcinoma. It is an autosomal dominant condition caused by germline mutations in mevalonate pathway genes involved in cholesterol synthesis. Lesions are precipitated by ultraviolet radiation-induced second-hit mutations. Modulation of this pathway by topical simvastatin-cholesterol may lead to improvement., METHODS: This open-label, split-body clinical trial was carried out in 2020 at a metropolitan dermatology clinic. Eight patients contributing 13 limb pairs were recruited. Limbs within each pair were randomly allocated to 2% simvastatin/2% cholesterol cream applied twice daily or bland emollients. Lesion number, erythema, scale and patient-reported disease activity were measured at baseline and 6 weeks. Data were analysed using Bayesian ordinal logistic regression. Odds ratios compare the odds of a higher score at 6 weeks in treated limbs with the odds in controls. Values less than one indicate improvement., RESULTS: Patients had a median age of 65 years (interquartile range [IQR] 58 to 69 years). The median baseline DLQI was 5 (range 2-21). Odds ratios were 0.12 (95% credible interval [CI] 0.01 to 0.72) for lesion number, 0.25 (95% CI 0.05 to 0.79) for erythema score, 0.18 (95% CI 0.03 to 0.64) for scale score and 0.33 (95% CI 0.09 to 0.89) for patient-reported disease activity., CONCLUSIONS: Topical simvastatin-cholesterol cream improved lesion number, erythema and scale on treated limbs compared with controls. Patient-reported disease activity also improved. These findings warrant confirmation in blinded, vehicle-controlled trials. Copyright © 2021 The Australasian College of Dermatologists.
Salivary biomarkers of stress and inflammation in first graders in Cote d'Ivoire: Effects of a probiotic food intervention.; This semi-randomized controlled trial examined the effects of a probiotic food supplement on cortisol and C-reactive protein (CRP) in a sample of 262 four-to seven-year-old children (56% girls) in two economically-disadvantaged schools in an urban setting in Cote d'Ivoire. For one semester, children in one school were randomized to receive a probiotic (N = 79) or placebo (N = 85) fermented dairy food each day they attended school; one child (due to medical reasons) and all children in the other school (N = 98) continued their diets as usual. Children provided two saliva samples at 11:30 on consecutive days at the end of the study. Analyses revealed that the probiotic group had lower cortisol than the placebo or diet-as-usual groups (p = .015); CRP levels were comparable across groups (p = .549). Exploratory analyses suggested that dose and regularity of consumption may impact the biomarkers as well. This study provides the first evidence that a probiotic milk product may lower cortisol in a sample of young, economically-disadvantaged children. Copyright © 2021 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd.. All rights reserved.
Efficacy and safety of topical isobutylamido thiazolyl resorcinol (Thiamidol) vs. 4% hydroquinone cream for facial melasma: an evaluator-blinded, randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Melasma can be refractory to treatment, and relapses are frequent. Thiamidol is a new potent tyrosinase inhibitor that has been found effective as a cosmeceutical for the depigmenting of melasma., OBJECTIVE: This study compared the efficacy and tolerability of topical 0.2% Thiamidol vs. 4% hydroquinone for facial melasma., METHODS: Fifty women with facial melasma participated in a randomized, evaluator-blinded, controlled study from September through November 2020. Patients were randomly assigned to apply a double layer of 0.2% Thiamidol twice a day or 4% hydroquinone cream at bedtime, for 90 days. Both groups received tinted sunscreen (sun protection factor 60, PPD 20). The primary outcome was the change from the baseline Modified Melasma Area Seve:rity Index (mMASI) score. Secondary outcomes were improvements in the patients' quality of life [Melasma Quality of Life Index (MELASQoL)], colourimetry, and Global Aesthetic Improvement Scale (GAIS) evaluation., RESULTS: One participant, from the hydroquinone group, did not complete the study (unrelated to adverse effects). The mean (SD) age of the participants was 43 (6) years, and 86% were phototypes III-IV. Both groups exhibited a reduction in mMASI, MELASQoL, and colour contrast scores (P < 0.01). The mean [95% confidence interval (CI 95%)] reductions of the mMASI scores were 43% (35-50%) for Thiamidol and 33% (23-42%) for hydroquinone. There was no difference between the groups in the reductions in mMASI, MELASQoL, colourimetric contrast and GAIS scores (P >= 0.09). The GAIS analysis resulted in an improvement of 84% (CI: 95% 67-97%) for participants in the Thiamidol group and 74% (CI: 95% 61-93%) for those in the hydroquinone group. There were only mild adverse effects in the Thiamidol group, but allergic contact dermatitis was evidenced in two (8%) participants., CONCLUSION: The melasma improvement achieved using 0.2% Thiamidol did not differ from that of 4% hydroquinone cream. Thiamidol can be considered a suitable option for melasma patients with poor tolerability or treatment failure with hydroquinone. Copyright © 2021 European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Fortification of Breast Milk With Preterm Formula Powder vs Human Milk Fortifier in Preterm Neonates: A Randomized Noninferiority Trial.; Importance: Fortification of expressed breast milk (EBM) using commercially available human milk fortifiers (HMF) increases short-term weight and length in preterm very low-birth-weight (VLBW) neonates. However, the high cost and increased risk of feed intolerance limit their widespread use. Preterm formula powder fortification (PTF) might be a better alternative in resource-limited settings., Objective: To demonstrate that fortification of EBM by preterm formula powder is noninferior to fortification by HMF, in terms of short-term weight gain, in VLBW neonates., Design, Setting, and Participants: Open-label, noninferiority, randomized trial conducted from December 2017 to June 2019 at a level 3 neonatal unit in India. The trial enrolled preterm (born at or before 34 weeks of gestation) VLBW neonates receiving at least 100 mL/kg/d of feeds and consuming 75% of milk or more as EBM., Interventions: Neonates were randomly assigned to receive fortification by either PTF or HMF. Calcium, phosphorus, iron, vitamin D, and multivitamins were supplemented in PTF and only vitamin D in the HMF group to meet the recommended dietary allowances., Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary outcome was the weight gain until discharge from the hospital or 40 weeks' postmenstrual age, whichever was earlier; the prespecified noninferiority margin was 2 g/kg/d. Secondary outcomes included morbidities such as necrotizing enterocolitis, feed intolerance, and extrauterine growth restriction (<10th percentile on the Fenton chart at 40 weeks' postmenstrual age)., Results: Of the 123 neonates enrolled, 60 and 63 were randomized to the PTF and HMF groups, respectively. The mean gestation (30.5 vs 29.9 weeks) and birth weight (1161 vs 1119 g) were comparable between the groups. There was no difference in the mean (SD) weight gain between the PTF and HMF groups (15.7 [3.9] vs 16.3 [4.0] g/kg/d; mean difference, -0.5 g/kg/d; 95% CI, -1.9 to 0.7). The lower bound of 95% CI did not cross the noninferiority margin. The incidence of feed intolerance was lower in the PTF group (1.4 vs 6.8 per 1000 patient-days; incidence rate ratio 0.19; 95% CI, 0.04 to 0.95), and fewer neonates required withholding of fortification for 24 hours or more (5% vs 22%; risk ratio, 0.22; 95% CI, 0.07 to 0.75). The incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis stage II or more (0 vs 5%) and extrauterine growth restriction (73% vs 81%) was comparable between the groups., Conclusions and Relevance: Fortification with preterm formula powder is not inferior to fortification with human milk fortifiers in preterm neonates. Given the possible reduction in feed intolerance and lower costs, preterm formula might be a better option for fortification, especially in resource-restricted settings., Trial Registration: Clinical Trial Registry, India Identifier: CTRI/2017/11/010593.
Topical Imiquimod for the Treatment of High-Grade Squamous Intraepithelial Lesions of the Cervix: A Randomized Controlled Trial.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the histologic response rate of high-grade squamous intraepithelial lesions (HSIL) of the cervix after topical application of 5% imiquimod cream., METHODS: In this phase II trial, women with cervical HSIL (cervical intraepithelial neoplasia [CIN] 2-3) were randomly assigned to 250 mg of 5% imiquimod cream applied to the cervix weekly for 12 weeks, followed by loop electrosurgical excision procedure (LEEP) without preceding treatment. The sample size was calculated based on the HSIL regression rates previously reported by Grimm et al. The primary outcome was rate of histologic regression (to CIN 1 or less) in LEEP specimens. Prespecified secondary endpoints included surgical margin status and adverse events. Outcomes were stratified by human papillomavirus type and lesion grade (CIN 2 or CIN 3). Results were reported according to per protocol (PP) and intention-to-treat (ITT) analyses., RESULTS: Ninety women were enrolled: 49 in the experimental group and 41 in the control group. In the PP population, histologic regression was observed in 23 of 38 participants (61%) in the experimental group compared with 9 of 40 (23%) in the control group (P=.001). Surgical margins were negative for HSIL in 36 of 38 participants (95%) in the experimental group and 28 of 40 (70%) in the control group (P=.004). In the ITT population, rates of histologic regression also were significantly higher in the experimental group. Rates of adverse events in the experimental group were 74% (28/38) in the PP population and 78% (35/45) in the ITT population. Adverse events were mild, with abdominal pain being the most common. Three patients in the experimental group had grade 2 adverse events, including vaginal ulcer, vaginal pruritus with local edema, and moderate pelvic pain., CONCLUSION: Weekly topical treatment with imiquimod is effective in promoting regression of cervical HSIL., CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT03233412. Copyright © 2021 The Authors. Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.
The Structure of Relationships between the Human Exposome and Cardiometabolic Health: The Million Veteran Program.; The exposome represents the array of dietary, lifestyle, and demographic factors to which an individual is exposed. Individual components of the exposome, or groups of components, are recognized as influencing many aspects of human physiology, including cardiometabolic health. However, the influence of the whole exposome on health outcomes is poorly understood and may differ substantially from the sum of its individual components. As such, studies of the complete exposome are more biologically representative than fragmented models based on subsets of factors. This study aimed to model the system of relationships underlying the way in which the diet, lifestyle, and demographic components of the overall exposome shapes the cardiometabolic risk profile. The current study included 36,496 US Veterans enrolled in the VA Million Veteran Program (MVP) who had complete assessments of their diet, lifestyle, demography, and markers of cardiometabolic health, including serum lipids, blood pressure, and glycemic control. The cohort was randomly divided into training and validation datasets. In the training dataset, we conducted two separate exploratory factor analyses (EFA) to identify common factors among exposures (diet, demographics, and physical activity) and laboratory measures (lipids, blood pressure, and glycemic control), respectively. In the validation dataset, we used multiple normal regression to examine the combined effects of exposure factors on the clinical factors representing cardiometabolic health. The mean +/- SD age of participants was 62.4 +/- 13.4 years for both the training and validation datasets. The EFA revealed 19 Exposure Common Factors and 5 Physiology Common Factors that explained the observed (measured) data. Multivariate regression in the validation dataset revealed the structure of associations between the Exposure Common Factors and the Physiology Common Factors. For example, we found that the factor for fruit consumption was inversely associated with the factor summarizing total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDLC, p = 0.008), and the latent construct describing light levels of physical activity was inversely associated with the blood pressure latent construct (p < 0.0001). We also found that a factor summarizing that participants who frequently consume whole milk are less likely to frequently consume skim milk, was positively associated with the latent constructs representing total cholesterol and LDLC as well as systolic and diastolic blood pressure (p = 0.0006 and <0.0001, respectively). Multiple multivariable-adjusted regression analyses of exposome factors allowed us to model the influence of the exposome as a whole. In this metadata-rich, prospective cohort of US Veterans, there was evidence of structural relationships between diet, lifestyle, and demographic exposures and subsequent markers of cardiometabolic health. This methodology could be applied to answer a variety of research questions about human health exposures that utilize electronic health record data and can accommodate continuous, ordinal, and binary data derived from questionnaires. Further work to explore the potential utility of including genetic risk scores and time-varying covariates is warranted.
The impact of diets rich in low-fat or full-fat dairy on glucose tolerance and its determinants: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Dairy foods, particularly yogurt, and plasma biomarkers of dairy fat intake are consistently inversely associated with incident type 2 diabetes. Yet, few trials assessing the impact of dairy on glucose homeostasis include fermented or full-fat dairy foods., OBJECTIVES: We aimed to compare the effects of diets rich in low-fat or full-fat milk, yogurt, and cheese on glucose tolerance and its determinants, with those of a limited dairy diet., METHODS: In this parallel-design randomized controlled trial, 72 participants with metabolic syndrome completed a 4-wk wash-in period, limiting dairy intake to <=3 servings/wk of nonfat milk. Participants were then randomly assigned to either continue the limited dairy diet, or switch to a diet containing 3.3 servings/d of either low-fat or full-fat dairy for 12 wk. Outcome measures included glucose tolerance (area under the curve glucose during an oral-glucose-tolerance test), insulin sensitivity, pancreatic beta-cell function, systemic inflammation, liver-fat content, and body weight and composition., RESULTS: In the per-protocol analysis (n = 67), we observed no intervention effect on glucose tolerance (P = 0.340). Both the low-fat and full-fat dairy diets decreased the Matsuda insulin sensitivity index (ISI) (means +/- SDs -0.47 +/- 1.07 and -0.25 +/- 0.91, respectively) and as compared with the limited dairy group (0.00 +/- 0.92) (P = 0.012 overall). Body weight also changed differentially (P = 0.006 overall), increasing on full-fat dairy (+1.0 kg; -0.2, 1.8 kg) compared with the limited dairy diet (-0.4 kg; -2.5, 0.7 kg), whereas the low-fat dairy diet (+0.3 kg; -1.1, 1.9 kg) was not significantly different from the other interventions. Intervention effects on the Matsuda ISI remained after adjusting for changes in adiposity. No intervention effects were detected for liver fat content or systemic inflammation. Findings in intent-to-treat analyses (n = 72) were consistent., CONCLUSIONS: Contrary to our hypothesis, neither dairy diet improved glucose tolerance in individuals with metabolic syndrome. Both dairy diets decreased insulin sensitivity through mechanisms largely unrelated to changes in key determinants of insulin sensitivity. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02663544. Copyright © The Author(s) 2020. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition.
Rationale and Design for a Higher (Dairy) Protein Weight Loss Intervention That Promotes Muscle Quality and Bone Health in Older Adults with Obesity: A Randomized, Controlled Pilot Study.; In contrast to recommendations for young and middle-aged adults, intentional weight loss among older adults remains controversial and is inconsistently advised. Recent research suggests that a higher protein diet can mitigate loss of lean mass during periods of intentional weight loss among older adults with obesity; however, the effects of intentional weight loss on skeletal muscle and bone are not fully understood. The Dairy in the Diet Yields New Approaches for Muscle Optimization (DDYNAMO) trial is a 6-month, randomized, controlled pilot study assessing the effects of combining regular, generous intakes of high quality protein (30 g/meal; primarily from dairy) with caloric restriction (-500kcal/d) and low-intensity resistance exercise (30 min/3 times per week) on muscle quality, muscle composition, bone mineral density in men and women aged >=60 years with obesity and mild to moderate functional impairment (Short Physical Performance Battery [SPPB] score >=4 to <=10). Participants will be re-assessed at 18 months to evaluate weight maintenance, bone mineral density, physical function, and other secondary measures. ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02437643.
Application of Comparative Lipidomics to Elucidate Postprandial Metabolic Excursions Following Dairy Milk Ingestion in Individuals with Prediabetes.; Nutrient-dense dairy foods are an important component of a healthy diet. Recommendations, however, advise non- and low-fat dairy foods despite controversy concerning whether full-fat dairy foods adversely impact cardiometabolic health. Therefore, in this study, our objective is to examine the differential plasma lipidomic responses to non-fat or full-fat milk ingestion during postprandial hyperglycemia. Seven adults with prediabetes completed a randomized cross-over study in which glucose was consumed alone or with non-fat or full-fat dairy milk. Plasma samples collected at 90 min and 180 min post milk ingestion were used to perform untargeted lipidomics analysis. A total of 332 lipids from 20 classes and five lipid categories were detected at different time points during the postprandial period. Dairy milk, especially non-fat milk, protected against lipid changes otherwise induced by glucose ingestion. Co-ingestion of dairy milk with glucose, regardless of fat content, significantly altered lipid profiles although full-fat milk more substantially modulated lipid profiles. For the identified lipid biomarkers, 68.0% and 66.7% of the lipids significantly increased at 90 and 180 min, respectively, while phosphatidylcholines (GPs) contributed most for the significant increase. Comparative lipidomics analysis indicated that both types of dairy milk induced significant changes in several lipid pathways, including glycerophospholipid metabolism and alpha-linolenic acid metabolism, to protect against postprandial hyperglycemia. In summary, our comparative lipidomics results suggested that dairy milk-mediated lipid modulation may be an effective dietary approach to reduce the risk of metabolic diseases among those with prediabetes.
A Human Milk-Based Protein Concentrate Developed for Preterm Infants Retains Bioactive Proteins and Supports Growth of Weanling Rats.; BACKGROUND: Bovine milk-based protein modulars are currently available to nutrient-enrich enteral feedings; however, they have limitations for use in very-low-birth-weight infants., OBJECTIVES: Our objectives were to develop a human milk-based protein (HMP) concentrate and to conduct a preclinical assessment of the HMP concentrate in weanling rats., METHODS: An HMP concentrate was produced from donor milk using pressure-driven membrane filtration processes and high hydrostatic pressure processing. Protein and lactoferrin concentrations and lysozyme activity were determined by Kjeldahl, HPLC, and turbidimetric assay, respectively. Male Sprague Dawley rats 24 d old (n = 30) were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 isocaloric AIN-93G diets for 4 wk containing 100% casein (control) or with 50% of the casein replaced with the HMP concentrate (treatment) or a bovine whey protein isolate (treatment). Body weight, food intake, fat mass, plasma amino acid profiles, and organ weights were measured. Data were analyzed using linear regression models., RESULTS: Raw donor milk contained (mean +/- SD) 101 +/- 6 g protein/kg and 5 +/- 1 g lactoferrin/kg of milk solids. Postprocessing, protein and lactoferrin concentrations were 589 +/- 3 g/kg and 29 +/- 10 g/kg, respectively. Lysozyme activity was initially 209 +/- 4 U/kg and increased to 959 +/- 39 U/kg in the HMP concentrate. There were no statistically significant differences in body weight, food intake, fat mass, or plasma amino acid profiles between rats fed diets containing the HMP concentrate and the control diet. Full cecum weights were higher in rats fed the HMP concentrate than in those fed control diets (mean difference: 5.59 g; 95% CI: 4.50, 6.68 g; P < 0.0001), likely reflecting the concentration of human milk oligosaccharides. No differences were found for other organ weights., CONCLUSIONS: The HMP concentrate retained important bioactive proteins and supported normal rat growth in the preclinical assessment. Copyright © The Author(s) 2021. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition.
Influence of Cow's Milk and Esomeprazole on the Absorption of Erlotinib: A Randomized, Crossover Pharmacokinetic Study in Lung Cancer Patients.; INTRODUCTION: Erlotinib's gastrointestinal solubility and absorption are decreased by proton pump inhibitors (PPIs). Since erlotinib is a lipophilic drug, we hypothesized that concomitant intake with the fatty beverage milk may be a feasible way to increase erlotinib uptake. We performed a two-period, randomized, crossover study to investigate the influence of cow's milk with 3.9% fat on the exposure of erlotinib with and without the PPI esomeprazole in patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The effect of esomeprazole was studied in an additional intrapatient comparison., METHOD: Pharmacokinetic sampling was performed on days 7 and 14 during 24 consecutive hours. During the 7 days prior to pharmacokinetic sampling, erlotinib was taken daily with 250 mL of either water or milk. In the PPI arm, esomeprazole (40 mg once daily 3 h prior to erlotinib) was taken for 3 days., RESULTS: Erlotinib area under the curve from time zero to 24 h (AUC24) did not significantly change when administered with milk, compared with water, in both non-PPI users (n = 14; - 3%; 95% confidence interval [CI] - 12 to 8%; p = 0.57) and patients who used esomeprazole (n = 15; 0%; 95% CI - 15 to 17%; p = 0.95). Esomeprazole decreased erlotinib AUC24 by 47% (n = 9; 95% CI - 57 to - 34%; p < 0.001) and Cmax by 56% (95% CI - 64 to - 46%; p < 0.001). No differences in toxicities were observed between milk and water., CONCLUSION: Milk with 3.9% fat has no effect on the exposure to erlotinib in NSCLC patients, independent of PPI use. The combination with milk is safe and well tolerated. Concomitant esomeprazole treatment strongly decreased both erlotinib AUC24 and Cmax and should be avoided if possible.
A combination of single nucleotide polymorphisms is associated with the interindividual variability in the blood lipid response to dietary fatty acid consumption in a randomized clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: Blood lipid concentrations display high interindividual variability in response to dietary interventions, partly due to genetic factors. Existing studies have focused on single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) analyzed individually, which only explain a limited fraction of the variability of these complex phenotypes., OBJECTIVE: We aimed to identify combinations of SNPs associated with the variability in LDL cholesterol and triglyceride (TG) concentration changes following 5 dietary interventions., DESIGN: In a multicenter randomized crossover trial, 92 participants with elevated waist circumference and low HDL cholesterol concentrations consumed 5 isoenergetic diets for 4 wk: a diet rich in saturated fatty acids (SFAs) from cheese, SFA from butter, monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs), n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), and a diet higher in carbohydrates (CHO). The association between 22 candidate SNPs in genes involved in lipid and bile acid metabolism and transport and changes in LDL cholesterol and TG concentrations was assessed with univariate statistics followed by partial least squares regression., RESULTS: Endpoint LDL cholesterol concentrations were significantly different (cheese: 3.18 +/- 0.04, butter: 3.31 +/- 0.04, MUFA: 3.00 +/- 0.04, PUFA: 2.81 +/- 0.04, CHO: 3.11 +/- 0.04 mmol/L; P < 0.001) while endpoint TG concentrations were not (P = 0.117). Both displayed consistently elevated interindividual variability following the dietary interventions (CVs of 34.5 +/- 2.2% and 55.8 +/- 1.8%, respectively). Among the 22 candidate SNPs, only ABCA1-rs2066714 and apolipoprotein E (APOE) isoforms exhibited consistent significant effects, namely on LDL cholesterol concentrations. However, several SNPs were significantly associated with changes in LDL cholesterol and TG concentrations in a diet-specific fashion. Generated multivariate models explained from 16.0 to 33.6% of the interindividual variability in LDL cholesterol concentration changes and from 17.5 to 32.0% of that in TG concentration changes., CONCLUSIONS: We report combinations of SNPs associated with a significant part of the variability in LDL cholesterol and TG concentrations following dietary interventions differing in their fatty acid profiles. Copyright © The Author(s) 2021. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition.
Musculoskeletal Responses to Exercise Plus Nutrition in Men with Prostate Cancer on Androgen Deprivation: A 12-Month RCT.; PURPOSE: Androgen deprivation therapy (ADT) for prostate cancer has multiple adverse effects on musculoskeletal health. This 12-month randomized controlled trial aimed to assess the effects of multicomponent exercise training combined with whey protein, calcium and vitamin D supplementation on bone mineral density (BMD), structure and strength, body composition, muscle strength, and physical function in ADT-treated men., METHODS: Seventy ADT-treated men were randomized to exercise plus supplementation (Ex + Suppl; n = 34) or usual care (control; n = 36). Ex + Suppl involved thrice weekly progressive resistance training plus weight-bearing impact exercise with daily multinutrient supplementation. Primary outcomes were DXA hip and spine areal BMD. Secondary outcomes included the following: tibia and radius pQCT volumetric BMD, bone structure and strength, DXA body composition, pQCT muscle and fat cross-sectional area and muscle density, and muscle strength and physical function., RESULTS: Sixty men (86%) completed the study. Mean exercise and supplement adherence were 56% and 77%, respectively. There were no effects of the intervention on bone or body composition outcomes. Ex + Suppl improved leg muscle strength (net difference, (95% confidence interval, or CI), 14.5% (-0.2 to 29.2); P = 0.007) and dynamic mobility (four-square-step test time, -9.3% (-17.3 to -1.3), P = 0.014) relative to controls. Per-protocol analysis of adherent participants (>=66% exercise, >=80% supplement) showed Ex + Suppl preserved femoral neck aBMD (1.9% (0.1 to 3.8), P = 0.026) and improved total body lean mass (1.0 kg (-0.23 to 2.22), P = 0.044) relative to controls., CONCLUSIONS: Exercise training combined with multinutrient supplementation had a limited effect on ameliorating the adverse musculoskeletal consequences of ADT, likely related to the modest intervention adherence. Copyright © 2021 by the American College of Sports Medicine.
Stress and Depressive Symptoms Are Not Associated with Overall Diet Quality, But Are Associated with Aspects of Diet Quality in Pregnant Women in South Carolina.; BACKGROUND: Poor mental health may hinder diet quality in pregnancy., OBJECTIVE: This study 1) examined whether stress and depressive symptoms are associated with diet quality (via Healthy Eating Index [HEI] 2015 total scores and dietary intake of food groups/nutrients that align with HEI-2015 components) and 2) tested race as a moderator in the relationship between mental health and diet quality., DESIGN: This was a cross-sectional analysis of baseline data from a randomized controlled trial collected January 2015 through January 2019 in Columbia, South Carolina. Trained staff administered demographic and psychosocial questionnaires and conducted anthropometric measures. Participants completed two 24-hour dietary recalls, which were self-administered (one on-site, one at home)., PARTICIPANTS: The Health in Pregnancy and Postpartum study was a randomized controlled trial targeting excessive gestational weight gain among pregnant women with overweight/obesity (N = 228)., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The HEI-2015 total scores and food groups/nutrients that align with HEI-2015 were calculated., STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Multiple linear regression models were used to estimate the relationship between mental health and HEI-2015 total scores and dietary intake of food groups or nutrients that align with HEI-2015 components. Multiplicative interaction terms of stress or depressive symptoms with race were used to determine moderation., RESULTS: Participants' diet quality was suboptimal (M = 52.0 +/- 11.7; range, 27-85). Stress was negatively associated with HEI-2015 total scores (crude but not adjusted model). Stress scores were positively associated with consumption of dairy, refined grains, and added sugars and negatively associated with total protein foods. Depressive symptoms were positively associated with consumption of dairy, refined grains, and saturated fats. Race was not a moderator., CONCLUSIONS: Diet quality was poor overall, but stress and depressive symptoms were not associated with HEI-2015 total scores in adjusted models. Excluding dairy, stress and depressive symptoms were associated with the consumption of food groups or nutrients related to worse diet quality. These relationships should be examined longitudinally to help establish causality and inform future interventions. Copyright © 2021 Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Milk polar lipids favorably alter circulating and intestinal ceramide and sphingomyelin species in postmenopausal women.; BACKGROUNDHigh circulating levels of ceramides (Cer) and sphingomyelins (SM) are associated with cardiometabolic diseases. The consumption of whole fat dairy products, naturally containing such polar lipids (PL), is associated with health benefits, but the impact on sphingolipidome remains unknown. METHODS In a 4-week randomized controlled trial, 58 postmenopausal women daily consumed milk PL-enriched cream cheese (0, 3, or 5 g of milk PL). Postprandial metabolic explorations were performed before and after supplementation. Analyses included SM and Cer species in serum, chylomicrons, and feces. The ileal contents of 4 ileostomy patients were also explored after acute milk PL intake. RESULTS Milk PL decreased serum atherogenic C24:1 Cer, C16:1 SM, and C18:1 SM species (Pgroup < 0.05). Changes in serum C16+18 SM species were positively correlated with the reduction of cholesterol (r = 0.706), LDL-C (r = 0.666), and ApoB (r = 0.705) (P < 0.001). Milk PL decreased chylomicron content in total SM and C24:1 Cer (Pgroup < 0.001), parallel to a marked increase in total Cer in feces (Pgroup < 0.001). Milk PL modulated some specific SM and Cer species in both ileal efflux and feces, suggesting differential absorption and metabolization processes in the gut. CONCLUSION Milk PL supplementation decreased atherogenic SM and Cer species associated with the improvement of cardiovascular risk markers. Our findings bring insights on sphingolipid metabolism in the gut, especially Cer, as signaling molecules potentially participating in the beneficial effects of milk PL.TRIAL REGISTRATIONClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02099032, NCT02146339.FUNDINGANR-11-ALID-007-01; PHRCI-2014: VALOBAB, no. 14-007; CNIEL; GLN 2018-11-07; HCL (sponsor).
The effectiveness of EVOSKIN RPalm and sole moisturizing cream in treating capecitabine-associated hand-foot syndrome: a randomized double-blind clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: This study sought to test the effectiveness of EVOSKIN RPalm and sole moisturizing cream (PSMC) in preventing and treating hand-foot syndrome (HFS) during capecitabine chemotherapy., METHODS: Stage II/III colorectal cancer patients receiving capecitabine adjuvant chemotherapy were randomly allocated to receive either EVOSKINPSMC or physiological saline treatments for their hands and feet. Treatment was initiated along with adjuvant chemotherapy and continued till the end of chemotherapy. Participants ' skin responses were evaluated every 3 weeks., RESULTS: During the study, 51 participants in the EVOSKIN PSMC group and 54 participants in the physiological saline group completed at least three cycles of capecitabine chemotherapy. The total incidence of HFS in the EVOSKIN PSMC group was lower than that in the physiological saline group (56.8% vs. 75.9%, P=0.006), as was the incidence of Grade 3/4 HFS (6.0% vs. 18.5%, P=0.011). The incidence of HFS became significant after 6weeks of chemotherapy. Further, the incidence of severe HFS was significant from as early as 3weeks after the commencement of chemotherapy despite the use of EVOSKIN PSMC to manage the condition. Notably, the incidence of Grade 1/2 HFS was not statistically significant between the two groups (26/51 vs. 32/54, 52.0% vs. 59.2%, P=0.194)., CONCLUSIONS: The incidence of severe HFS among individuals using oral capecitabine can be reduced by the prophylactic treatment of EVOSKIN PSMC, this treatment is reasonable and acceptable for patients with capecitabine chemotherapy.
Low-dose thiamine supplementation of lactating Cambodian mothers improves human milk thiamine concentrations: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Infantile beriberi-related mortality is still common in South and Southeast Asia. Interventions to increase maternal thiamine intakes, and thus human milk thiamine, are warranted; however, the required dose remains unknown., OBJECTIVES: We sought to estimate the dose at which additional maternal intake of oral thiamine no longer meaningfully increased milk thiamine concentrations in infants at 24 wk postpartum, and to investigate the impact of 4 thiamine supplementation doses on milk and blood thiamine status biomarkers., METHODS: In this double-blind, 4-parallel arm randomized controlled dose-response trial, healthy mothers were recruited in Kampong Thom, Cambodia. At 2 wk postpartum, women were randomly assigned to consume 1 capsule, containing 0, 1.2 (estimated average requirement), 2.4, or 10 mg of thiamine daily from 2 through 24 weeks postpartum. Human milk total thiamine concentrations were measured using HPLC. An Emax curve was plotted, which was estimated using a nonlinear least squares model in an intention-to-treat analysis. Linear mixed-effects models were used to test for differences between treatment groups. Maternal and infant blood thiamine biomarkers were also assessed., RESULTS: In total, each of 335 women was randomly assigned to1 of the following thiamine-dose groups: placebo (n = 83), 1.2 mg (n = 86), 2.4 mg (n = 81), and 10 mg (n = 85). The estimated dose required to reach 90% of the maximum average total thiamine concentration in human milk (191 microg/L) is 2.35 (95% CI: 0.58, 7.01) mg/d. The mean +/- SD milk thiamine concentrations were significantly higher in all intervention groups (183 +/- 91, 190 +/- 105, and 206 +/- 89 microg/L for 1.2, 2.4, and 10 mg, respectively) compared with the placebo group (153 +/- 85 microg/L; P < 0.0001) and did not significantly differ from each other., CONCLUSIONS: A supplemental thiamine dose of 2.35 mg/d was required to achieve a milk total thiamine concentration of 191 microg/L. However, 1.2 mg/d for 22 wk was sufficient to increase milk thiamine concentrations to similar levels achieved by higher supplementation doses (2.4 and 10 mg/d), and comparable to those of healthy mothers in regions without beriberi. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT03616288. Copyright © The Author(s) 2021. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition.
Plasma Free Fatty Acids and Metabolic Effect in Type 2 Diabetes, an Ancillary Study from a Randomized Clinical Trial.; Most nutrition studies looking at the association of food with cardiometabolic markers rely on food frequency questionnaires, which are prone to recall bias. Pentadecanoic acid, heptadecanoic acid and trans-palmitoleic acid are fatty acids that are not synthesized endogenously but are obtained from the diet, particularly dairy, making them reasonable biomarkers of dairy consumption. We investigated the association of dairy fatty acid biomarkers with glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) and cardiovascular risk factors in type 2 diabetes (T2D). In a clinical trial, 111 participants with T2D (age 58.5 +/- 8.9 years, HbA1c 8.09 +/- 0.96%) were randomized into three groups: a control group that maintained baseline dairy intake, a low-fat (LF) group that incorporated >=3 servings/day of LF dairy and a high-fat (HF) group that incorporated >=3 servings/day of HF dairy. We compared the fatty acids (FA) composition between the three groups at 24 weeks. Pentadecanoic acid and trans-palmitoleic acid increased in the HF group by 14.1% +/- 5.4% and 17.5% +/- 5.1%, respectively, but not in the control and LF groups (p = 0.0474 and p = 0.0025 for group-by-time interaction, respectively). Those increases were positively associated with changes in total cholesterol, very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol VLDL-C and triglycerides but were not associated with changes in HbA1c from baseline to 24 weeks. These results suggest that the intervention was successful and that participants were likely compliant, which supports the validity of the main trial.
Strategic Ingestion of High-Protein Dairy Milk during a Resistance Training Program Increases Lean Mass, Strength, and Power in Trained Young Males.; BACKGROUND: We evaluated the effects of high-protein dairy milk ingestion on changes in body composition, strength, power, and skeletal muscle regulatory markers following 6 weeks of resistance training in trained young males., METHODS: Thirty resistance-trained young males (age: 27 +/- 3 years; training experience: 15 +/- 2 months) were randomly assigned to one of two groups: high-protein dairy milk (both whey and casein) + resistance training (MR; n = 15) or isoenergetic carbohydrate (maltodextrin 9%) + resistance training (PR; n = 15). Milk and placebo were ingested immediately post-exercise (250 mL; 30 g protein) and 30 min before sleep (250 mL; 30 g protein). Before and after 6 weeks of linear periodized resistance training (4 times/week), body composition (bioelectrical impedance), strength, power, and serum levels of skeletal muscle regulatory markers (insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1), growth hormone, testosterone, cortisol, follistatin, myostatin, and follistatin-myostatin ratio) were assessed., RESULTS: The MR group experienced a significantly higher (p < 0.05) increase in lean mass, strength, and power (upper- and lower-body) than the PR group. Further, IGF-1, growth hormone, testosterone, follistatin, and follistatin-myostatin ratio were significantly increased, while cortisol and myostatin significantly decreased in the MR group than the PR group (p < 0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: The strategic ingestion of high-protein dairy milk (post-exercise and pre-sleep) during 6 weeks of resistance training augmented lean mass, strength, power, and altered serum concentrations of skeletal muscle regulatory markers in trained young males compared to placebo.
Postprandial Fatty Acid Profile, but Not Cardiometabolic Risk Markers, Is Modulated by Dairy Fat Manipulation in Adults with Moderate Cardiovascular Disease Risk: The Randomized Controlled REplacement of SaturatEd fat in dairy on Total cholesterol (RESET) Study.; BACKGROUND: Chronic consumption of dairy products with an SFA-reduced, MUFA-enriched content was shown to impact favorably on brachial artery flow-mediated dilatation (FMD). However, their acute effect on postprandial cardiometabolic risk biomarkers requires investigation., OBJECTIVE: The effects of sequential high-fat mixed meals rich in fatty acid (FA)-modified or conventional (control) dairy products on postprandial FMD (primary outcome) and systemic cardiometabolic biomarkers in adults with moderate cardiovascular risk (>=50% above the population mean) were compared., METHODS: In a randomized crossover trial, 52 participants [mean +/- SEM age: 53 +/- 2 y; BMI (kg/m2) 25.9 +/- 0.5] consumed a high-dairy-fat breakfast (0 min; ~50 g total fat: modified: 25 g SFAs, 20 g MUFAs; control: 32 g SFAs, 12 g MUFAs) and lunch (330 min; ~30 g total fat; modified: 15 g SFAs, 12 g MUFAs; control: 19 g SFAs, 7 g MUFAs). Blood samples were obtained before and until 480 min after breakfast, with FMD assessed at 0, 180, 300, and 420 min. Data were analyzed by linear mixed models., RESULTS: Postprandial changes in cardiometabolic biomarkers were comparable between the different dairy meals, with the exception of a tendency for a 4% higher AUC for the %FMD response following the modified-dairy-fat meals (P = 0.075). Plasma total lipid FA analysis revealed that incremental AUC responses were 53% lower for total SFAs, 214% and 258% higher for total cis-MUFAs (predominantly cis-9 18:1), and trans-18:1, respectively, following the modified relative to the control dairy meals (all P < 0.0001)., CONCLUSIONS: In adults at moderate cardiovascular risk, acute consumption of sequential high-fat meals containing FA-modified dairy products had little impact on postprandial endothelial function or systemic cardiometabolic biomarkers, but a differential effect on the plasma total lipid FA profile, relative to conventional dairy fat meals. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02089035. Copyright © The Author(s) 2021. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition.
The effect of dairy products and non-dairy snacks on food intake, subjective appetite and cortisol levels in children: a randomized control study.; Dairy snacks are available in various physical forms and their consumption is linked to improved metabolic health. The objective of this study was to determine the effect of dairy snacks of different physical forms on short-term food intake (FI), subjective appetite, and the stress hormone, cortisol, in children. Following a repeated-measures crossover design, 40 children aged 9-14 years randomly consumed 1 of 5 isoenergetic (180 kcal) snacks per study session. These snacks included solid (potato chips, cookies, and cheese), semi-solid (Greek yogurt), and fluid (2% fat milk) snacks. FI was measured 120 min after snack consumption. Subjective appetite was measured at 0 (immediately before the snack), 15, 30, 45, 60, 90, and 120 min. Salivary cortisol (n = 18) was measured after the Greek yogurt and cookie snacks at 0, 30, 60, 90, and 120 min. FI did not differ between snacks (P = 0.15). The Greek yogurt (P < 0.0001) and cheese (P = 0.0009) snacks reduced average appetite compared with the 2% fat milk snack. Salivary cortisol levels were not affected by snack (P = 0.84). This study demonstrates that dairy snacks are as effective as other popular snacks at influencing subsequent FI. However, solid and semi-solid dairy snacks are more effective at repressing subjective appetite than a fluid dairy snack. Registered at ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02484625). Novelty: Milk, Greek yogurt and cheese have a similar effect on short-term food intake in children as popular potato chips and cookie snacks. Solid, semi-solid and liquid snacks have a similar effect on short-term food intake in children.
Efficacy of Docosahexaenoic Acid for the Prevention of Necrotizing Enterocolitis in Preterm Infants: A Randomized Clinical Trial.; Necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) is an inflammatory bowel disease and a leading cause of morbidity and mortality in preterm infants. In this study, a randomized double-blind parallel-group (1:1) trial was carried out in two neonatal intensive care units of two tertiary hospitals. Two hundred and twenty-five preterm newborns with an expected functional gastrointestinal tract were recruited and received an enteral dose of 75 mg of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)/kg body weight or high-oleic sunflower oil daily for 14 days from the first enteral feed after birth. Confirmed NEC was evaluated with Bell's scale from stage >= IIa. Two hundred and fourteen randomized infants were analyzed in terms of the intent-to-treat (DHA-group: n = 105; control-group: n = 109); data for two hundred infants were analysed per protocol. Confirmed NEC was lower in infants from the DHA-group compared with the control-group (0/100 vs. 7/100; p = 0.007), with RR = 0.93 (95% CI 0.881 to 0.981), risk difference = -7%, (95% CI -12.00 to -1.99), and number needed-to-treat = 15 (95% CI 8.3 to 50). Intent-to-treat analysis showed a lower level of treatment failure in the DHA-group compared with the control-group (6/105 (6%) vs. 16/109 (15%); p = 0.03, RR = 0.905, (95% CI 0.826 to 0.991)). The results after multivariate-regression analysis remained significant. Adverse events (apart from the incidence of NEC) were not different between groups. A daily dose of DHA for 14 days starting with the first enteral feed may prevent NEC in preterm infants.
The effect of probiotic fermented milk products on blood lipid concentrations: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.; AIM: Fermented milk products are suggested as a supplementary therapy to help reduce blood lipid levels. However, the results of clinical studies are conflicting., DATA SYNTHESIS: This study systematically reviewed 39 randomized controlled trials (n = 2237 participants) to investigate the effect of probiotic fermented milk products on blood lipids. A meta-analysis was performed using random effects models, with weighted mean differences (WMDs) and 95% confidence interval (CI). Statistically significant reductions in blood low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) (WMD: -7.34 mg/dL, 95% CI: from -10.04 to -4.65, and P < 0.001) and total cholesterol (TC) concentrations (WMD: -8.30 mg/dL, 95% CI: from -11.42 to -5.18, and P < 0.001) were observed. No statistically significant effect of probiotic fermented milk was observed on blood high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and triacylglycerol (TAG) levels. The effect on TC and LDL-C level was more pronounced in men, and a greater reduction in TAG was observed in trials with longer interventions (>=8 weeks) as compared to their counterparts., CONCLUSIONS: Available evidence suggests that probiotic fermented milk products may help to reduce serum TC and LDL-C cholesterol levels, particularly in men and when they are consumed for >=8 weeks. Copyright © 2021 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Anorectal application of 5% lidocaine cream reduces pain prior to periprostatic nerve block during transrectal ultrasound guided prostate biopsy: Randomized, prospective controlled study.; OBJECTIVES: Trans rectal ultrasound guided prostate biopsy with periprostatic nerve block (PPNB) is performed following probe insertion and manipulation leaving these initial maneuvers uncovered in terms of pain control. We evaluated whether topical analgesia reduces pain during early stages of the procedure., PATIENTS AND METHODS: Seven group prospective, randomized controlled study: groups 1-3: nerve block with 5 ml 1% lidocaine bilaterally plus perianal topical application of 10 ml 5% lidocaine cream. Groups 4-6 as in 1-3 plus digital application of 10 ml 5% lidocaine cream internally on rectal walls. For each approach exposure times were 5 (groups 1 and 4), 10 (groups 2 and 5) and 20 (groups 3 and 6) min, respectively. The control group (7) received PPNB only. Patients filled a 0-10 visual analogue scale (VAS) at five points: after probe insertion, during probe manipulation, following PPNB, after prostate biopsies and a global pain estimation., RESULTS: Two hundred and fifty-two patients were enrolled. Significant differences in VAS between all study groups and controls were observed at the pre-biopsy stages of the procedure. In multivariate analysis adjusted for prostate specific antigen, diabetes mellitus status, spinal disease, abnormal digital rectal examination and non- benign prostate hyperplasia histology, significance remained for probe insertion and intra-rectal manipulation. For each exposure time no significant differences were observed between topical application and topical + intra-rectal application. After PPNB, differences between study and control groups disappeared., CONCLUSION: Topical anesthesia significantly reduces pain during early stages of prostate biopsy. Perianal application sufficed whereas intra-rectal application of local anesthetics does not add to pain control. Perianal application for 10 min seems to be optimal.
Effects of whey protein on skeletal muscle microvascular and mitochondrial plasticity following 10 weeks of exercise training in men with type 2 diabetes.; Skeletal muscle microvascular dysfunction and mitochondrial rarefaction feature in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) linked to low tissue glucose disposal rate (GDR). Exercise training and milk protein supplementation independently promote microvascular and metabolic plasticity in muscle associated with improved nutrient delivery, but combined effects are unknown. In a randomised-controlled trial, 24 men (55.6 y, SD 5.7) with T2DM ingested whey protein drinks (protein/carbohydrate/fat: 20/10/3 g; WHEY) or placebo (carbohydrate/fat: 30/3 g; CON) before/after 45 mixed-mode intense exercise sessions over 10 weeks, to study effects on insulin-stimulated (hyperinsulinemic clamp) skeletal-muscle microvascular blood flow (mBF) and perfusion (near-infrared spectroscopy), and histological, genetic, and biochemical markers (biopsy) of microvascular and mitochondrial plasticity. WHEY enhanced insulin-stimulated perfusion (WHEY-CON 5.6%; 90% CI -0.1, 11.3), while mBF was not altered (3.5%; -17.5, 24.5); perfusion, but not mBF, associated (regression) with increased GDR. Exercise training increased mitochondrial (range of means: 40%-90%) and lipid density (20%-30%), enzyme activity (20%-70%), capillary:fibre ratio (~25%), and lowered systolic (~4%) and diastolic (4%-5%) blood pressure, but without WHEY effects. WHEY dampened PGC1alpha -2.9% (90% compatibility interval: -5.7, -0.2) and NOS3 -6.4% (-1.4, -0.2) expression, but other messenger RNA (mRNA) were unclear. Skeletal muscle microvascular and mitochondrial exercise adaptations were not accentuated by whey protein ingestion in men with T2DM. ANZCTR Registration Number: ACTRN12614001197628. Novelty: Chronic whey ingestion in T2DM with exercise altered expression of several mitochondrial and angiogenic mRNA. Whey added no additional benefit to muscle microvascular or mitochondrial adaptations to exercise. Insulin-stimulated perfusion increased with whey but was without impact on glucose disposal.
beta-Lactoglobulin Elevates Insulin and Glucagon Concentrations Compared with Whey Protein-A Randomized Double-Blinded Crossover Trial in Patients with Type Two Diabetes Mellitus.; Whey protein is an insulinotropic fraction of dairy that reduces postprandial glucose levels in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). We have recently shown that beta-lactoglobulin (BLG), the largest protein fraction of whey, elevates insulin concentrations compared with iso-nitrogenous whey protein isolate (WPI) in healthy individuals. We therefore hypothesized that BLG pre-meals would lower glucose levels compared with WPI in patients with T2DM. We investigated 16 participants with T2DM using a randomized double-blinded cross-over design with two pre-meal interventions, (i) 25 g BLG and (ii) 25 g WPI prior to an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), followed by four days of continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) at home. BLG increased concentrations of insulin with 10%, glucagon with 20%, and glucose with 10% compared with WPI after the OGTT (all p < 0.05). Both BLG and WPI reduced the interstitial fluid (ISF) glucose concentrations (using CGM) with 2 mM and lowered glycemic variability with 10-15%, compared with tap-water (p < 0.05), and WPI lowered the ISF glucose with 0.5 mM compared with BLG from 120 min and onwards (p < 0.05). In conclusion, BLG pre-meals resulted in higher insulin, glucagon, and glucose concentrations compared with WPI in participants with T2DM. Pre-meal servings of WPI remains the most potent protein in terms of lowering postprandial glucose excursions.
Daily consumption effects of probiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb12 on oxidative stress in metabolic syndrome patients.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Available evidence substantiates a strong association between metabolic syndrome and elevated oxidative stress. This study was aimed to assess the effects of probiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb12 on the oxidative stress biomarkers in patients with metabolic syndrome. Furthermore, the association between uric acid levels and insulin resistance indexes was assessed., METHODS: An 8-week randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel study was designed. Forty-four patients, 22 males and 22 females aged 20-65 years, were assigned into two groups. Treatment (n = 22) and control (n = 22) groups consumed 300 g/d of probiotic and regular yogurt, respectively. The serum concentration of uric acid, oxidized Low-Density Lipoprotein (oxLDL), Malondialdehyde (MDA) and Total Antioxidant Capacity (TAC) were measured at the beginning and the end of the trial. This study was recorded at http://www.irct.ir (code: IRCT201608213140N17)., RESULTS: Probiotic yogurt consumption resulted in a significant decrease in the level of serum uric acid and a significant increase in the level of TAC (p < 0.05). A positive significant association between uric acid with insulin concentration and the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and an inverse significant relationship with insulin sensitivity (Quicki) were also found (p < 0.05)., CONCLUSION: Probiotic yogurt consumption through improvement in insulin sensitivity may exert positive effects on the oxidative stress and uric acid levels. However, further studies are needed to make concise conclusions. Copyright © 2020 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Daily Consumption of a Specially Formulated Essential Amino Acid-Based Dietary Supplement Improves Physical Performance in Older Adults With Low Physical Functioning.; We have investigated the hypothesis that nutritional supplementation of the diet in low-physical-functioning older individuals with a specially formulated composition based on essential amino acids (EAAs) would improve physical function as compared to supplementation with the same amount of whey protein. A third group of comparable volunteers were given nutrition education but no supplementation of the diet. After 6 weeks of whey protein supplementation (n = 32), there was no effect on the distance walked in 6 minutes, but the distance walked improved significantly from the pre-value after 12 weeks of whey supplementation. EAA consumption (n = 28) significantly improved walking distance at both 6 and 12 weeks. The distance walked at 12 weeks (419.0 +/- 25.0 m) was 35.4 m greater than the pre-value of 384.0 +/- 23.0 m (p < .001). The increase in distance walked by the EAA group was also significantly greater than that in the whey group at both 6 and 12 weeks (p < .01). In contrast, a decrease in distance walked was observed in the control group (n = 32) (not statistically significant, NS). EAA supplementation also improved grip strength and leg strength, and decreased body weight and fat mass. Plasma low-density lipoprotein concentration was significantly reduced in the EAA group, as well as the concentration of macrophage migration inhibitory factor. There were no adverse responses in any groups, and compliance was greater than 95% in all individuals consuming supplements. We conclude that dietary supplementation with an EAA-based composition may be a beneficial therapy in older individuals with low physical functional capacity. Clinical Trials Registration Number: This study was registered with ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT03424265-"Nutritional interventions in heart failure." Copyright © The Author(s) 2021. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of The Gerontological Society of America. All rights reserved. For permissions, please e-mail: journals.permissions@oup.com.
Nursing Procedures for the Prevention and Treatment of Mucositis Induced by Cancer Therapies: Clinical Practice Guideline Based on an Interdisciplinary Consensus Process and a Systematic Literature Search.; BACKGROUND: Patients with cancer receiving tumor therapy often suffer from oral mucositis., OBJECTIVES: The aim of this project was to summarize experiences with nursing procedures by experts in integrative oncology and to establish recommendations for nursing interventions that can prevent or cure mucositis., METHODS: The study design was an interdisciplinary consensus process based on a systematic literature search., RESULTS: The panel discussed and agreed on 19 nursing procedures, which included mouthwashes, such as teas, supplements, oil applications, and different kinds of ice cubes to suck, as well as flaxseed solution, propolis, and mare milk. Twelve interventions were classified as effective, with effectiveness for OraLife, propolis, sea buckthorn pulp oil, marshmallow root tea also for xerostomia, Helago chamomile oil, mare milk, and Saliva Natura rated as highly effective in clinical experience. In the systematic literature search, a total of 12 out of 329 randomized controlled trials and meta-analyses on chamomile (n = 3), Calendula (n = 1) and sage (n = 1), propolis (n = 2), and sucking ice cubes (cryotherapy; n = 5) met all inclusion criteria. Trial evidence for effectiveness in oral mucositis was revealed for propolis and cryotherapy., CONCLUSIONS: The current evidence supports the use of some nursing procedures (f.e. propolis for 2 and 3 grade mucositis) for improving oral mucositis during cancer therapies. There is still a need to define general clinical practice guidelines for the supportive treatment of mucositis, as well as for more interdisciplinary research in this area.
Effect of low-fat dairy products fortified with 1500IU nano encapsulated vitamin D3 on cardiometabolic indicators in adults with abdominal obesity: a total blinded randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Vitamin D deficiency is widespread worldwide. In this study, we aimed to evaluate the effect of a nano encapsulated form of vitamin D used for fortifying low-fat dairy products (milk and yogurt) on anthropometric indices, glycemic status, and lipid profile in subjects with abdominal obesity., METHODS: In a totally (quadruple) blinded, randomized, and parallel-controlled trial, 306 individuals with abdominal obesity were randomly allocated to one of four groups: fortified low-fat yogurt (FY, 1500 IU nano encapsulated vitamin D3 per 150 g/d), non-fortified low-fat yogurt (nFY), fortified low-fat milk (FM, 1500 IU nano encapsulated vitamin D3 per 200 g/d), non-fortified low-fat milk (nFM), for 10 weeks (nFM and nFY, were considered as the control groups). Anthropometric and biochemical parameters were measured at baseline and after a ten-week trial in Mashhad, Iran., RESULTS: After the ten-week intervention, we found a significant increase in serum concentration of 25(OH)D in both the FM and FY groups compared to the respective control groups (19.10 +/- 5.69 ng/mL and 20.88 +/- 5.76 ng/mL respectively, p < .001). We observed a significant reduction in weight to hip ratio (p = .04) and a significant improvement in triglyceride (p < .001) and HDL-C (p = .01) only in FM group compared to nFM group. Also, we found a significant reduction in fasting serum insulin (p < .001), and a significant improvement of HOMA-IR (p < .001) and QUICKI (p < .001) in both intervention groups compared to their placebos., CONCLUSIONS: An intake of fortified dairy products containing nano-encapsulated vitamin D3 was associated with an improvement in some measures of anthropometric indices, glucose homeostasis, and lipid profiles, particularly in individuals receiving fortified milk. Hence, along with other benefits, fortification of dairy products with vitamin D may be an effective approach to improve some cardiometabolic indicators, such as insulin resistance., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: IRCT20101130005280N27.
The Effect of a Continuous Milk Warming System on Weight Gain in Very Low Birth-Weight Infants: A Randomized Controlled Trial.; BACKGROUND: Few studies support the practice of warming human milk before feeding. No studies have compared the method of warming milk and its effect on growth, particularly in preterm infants., PURPOSE: To evaluate growth in preterm infants receiving continuously warmed human milk as compared with infants receiving human milk warmed in a hot water bath before feeding., METHODS: Forty-four infants less than 32 weeks' gestation admitted to a regional referral level IV neonatal intensive care unit in south central United States were randomly assigned to either the experimental group (continuous warming: n = 22) or the control group (hot water bath: n =22) for 10 days. All infants were on full human milk feedings (120-130 kcal/kg/d) as part of a standardized feeding protocol. Tolerance and weight gain over the 10-day period were used to evaluate the effectiveness of continuous milk warming., RESULTS: There was a significant difference in weight gain for infants receiving continuously warmed milk compared with infants receiving standard warmed milk (203.73 +/- 70.71 vs 271.95 +/- 67.40, P = .002)., IMPLICATIONS FOR PRACTICE: The use of continuous milk warming improves weight gain in very low birth-weight infants. Copyright © 2021 by The National Association of Neonatal Nurses.
Effect of a novel functional tomato sauce (OsteoCol) from vine-ripened tomatoes on serum lipids in individuals with common hypercholesterolemia: tomato sauce and hypercholesterolemia.; BACKGROUND: Most studies focused on the benefits of lycopene on serum lipids but no studies have been specifically designed to assess the role of a tomato sauce from vine-ripened tomatoes on patients affected by polygenic hypercholesterolemia. The aim of this study was to compare the lipid-lowering effect of a novel functional tomato sauce with a well-known functional food with a lipid-lowering effect, i.e. a sterol-enriched yogurt., METHODS: In this cross-over study, we evaluated a population of 108 ambulatory patients affected by polygenic hypercholesterolemia of both gender, who were allocated to a tomato sauce (namely OsteoCol) 150 ml/day or a sterol-enriched yogurt (containing sterols 1.6 g/die) treatment, for 6 weeks. Carotenoids content was 3.5 mg per gram of product. We measured serum lipids and creatinine and transaminases at basal and follow-up visit., RESULTS: A total of 91 subjects completed the protocol. A significant difference in LDL-cholesterol change was found between participants taking yogurt, tomato sauce (high adherence) and tomato sauce (low adherence) (- 16; - 12; + 8 mg/dl respectively; p < 0.001). We found a greater LDL-cholesterol reduction in the participants with a basal LDL-cholesterol more than 152 mg/dl (15% for sterol-enriched yogurt and 12% for tomato sauce at high adherence)., CONCLUSION: A novel functional tomato sauce from vine-ripened tomatoes compares favourably with a commercialised sterol-enriched yogurt in term of absolute LDL-cholesterol change. Intake of a tomato sauce with a high carotenoid content may support treatment of patients affected by common hypercholesterolemia. The present study has various limitations. The presence of other dietary components, which may have influenced the results, cannot be ruled out. Of course, these results cannot be extrapolated to other populations. Furthermore, there was a low adherence rate in the tomato sauce group. Moreover, we did not report serum carotenoids data., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ID: 13244115 on the ISRCTN registry, retrospectively registered in 2019-5-14. URL: http://www.isrctn.com/ISRCTN13244115.
Efficacy of Probiotic Milk Formula on Blood Lipid and Intestinal Function in Mild Hypercholesterolemic Volunteers: A Placebo-control, Randomized Clinical Trial.; Several studies have reported that probiotics could modulate host lipid metabolism via altering the intestinal microbiota. Hence, the current study was aimed to assess the efficacy of a mixture of probiotic-contained milk formula (PMF) with three different bacterial strains [Lactobacillus acidophilus (La5), Lactobacillus casei (TMC), Bifidobacterium lactis (Bb12)] on lipid profile and intestinal function in healthy mild hypercholesterolemic volunteers. Totally, 40 healthy mild hypercholesterolemic subjects (180-220 mg/dL) were randomly assigned into two groups as placebo or experimental group. All the subjects were requested to drink either PMF (experimental) or skimmed milk drink formula-placebo (30 g mixed with 200 mL of water) for 10 weeks and continued by 2 weeks of the follow-up period. Supplementation of PMF for 10 weeks significantly improved (p < 0.05) the fecal weight, fecal movement (decreased fecal gastrointestinal passing time) by improving intestinal microbiota (increasing beneficial bacterial species like Lactobacillus, Bifidobacterium spp.), and lag time of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) oxidation. Also, intake of PMF substantially reduced (p < 0.05) the levels of total cholesterol (TC; 8.1%) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c; 10.4%) and thus showcasing its cardioprotective efficacy. PMF considerably improves gastrointestinal function by modulating fecal movement, intestinal microbiota, and decrease cholesterol and might be helpful in the management of hypercholesterolemia.
Eucaloric diets enriched in palm olein, cocoa butter, and soybean oil did not differentially affect liver fat concentration in healthy participants: a 16-week randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Effects of dietary fat quality on liver fat remain to be elucidated. Inconsistent evidence may be influenced by fatty acid saturation, chain-length, and regio-specificity within triacylglycerol (TAG) molecules., OBJECTIVES: We aimed to compare eucaloric diets enriched in palm olein (POo), cocoa butter (COB), and soybean oil (SBO) on liver fat concentration in healthy participants. Secondary outcomes included visceral (VAT) and abdominal subcutaneous (aSCAT) adipose tissue, plus other obesity and cardiometabolic health outcomes., METHODS: Eighty-three healthy participants (20-45 y, BMI 18.5-27.5 kg/m2) commenced and 64 completed a 16-wk randomized parallel intervention, preceded by a 2-wk run-in. Participants consumed identical eucaloric background diets differing in test fats [contributing 20% total energy intake (%E)], providing 33%E total fat with the following ratios for PUFAs/SFAs/MUFAs: POo, 4.2/13.5/15%E; SBO, 14.4/8.8/9.4%E; COB, 2.3/19.5/11%E. Liver fat and abdominal adiposity were measured at weeks 0 and 16 using 1H-magnetic resonance spectroscopy/imaging; all other outcomes were measured at 0, 4, 8, 12, and 16 wk., RESULTS: Fat quality did not affect liver fat concentration, VAT, aSCAT, obesity indexes, blood pressure, liver enzymes, leptin, or fasting glucose. Body fat mass decreased with SBO and COB compared with POo. SBO decreased serum total cholesterol (TC), LDL cholesterol, and TC:HDL cholesterol relative to POo [estimated marginal mean (95% CI) differences: -0.57 (-0.94, -0.20) mmol/L; -0.37 (-0.68, -0.07) mmol/L; and -0.42 (-0.73, -0.11) mmol/L, respectively]. No diet differences were observed on HDL cholesterol, TAG, apoA1, apoB, apoB:apoA1, or fecal free fatty acids (FFAs), except for lower FFA pentadecanoic acid (15:0) with COB than with SBO and POo., CONCLUSIONS: In healthy adults, when consumed as part of eucaloric typical Australian diets, 3 different dietary fat sources did not differentially affect liver fat concentration and amounts of adipose tissue. Effects on serum lipids were inconsistent across lipid profiles. The findings must be confirmed in metabolically impaired individuals before recommendations can be made. Copyright © The Author(s) 2020. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition.
Preoperative Fasting Abbreviation With Whey Protein Reduces the Occurrence of Postoperative Complications in Patients With Head and Neck Cancer: A Randomized Clinical Trial.; BACKGROUND: Surgery has become the treatment of choice for head and neck cancer (HNC) in most cases. Preoperative fasting abbreviation and nutrition screening have been suggested to reduce the occurrence of postoperative complications. This study aimed to evaluate the addition of whey protein in the preoperative fasting abbreviation and to analyze the association of nutrition status on postoperative complications in patients with HNC., METHODS: A randomized, single-blind clinical trial was performed. Patients recruited from March to November 2018 at a national cancer reference center in Brazil were divided into 2 groups: intervention group (clear fluids with carbohydrate plus whey protein [CHO-P]) and control group (clear fluids with carbohydrate only [CHO]). All patients were evaluated by the Patient-Generated Subjective Global Assessment (PG-SGA) and body mass index. Logistic regression analyses were performed to assess associations between the studied variables, generating odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs)., RESULTS: A total of 49 patients met the eligibility criteria and enrolled in the study. A PG-SGA score of 4-8, indicating moderate malnutrition (OR, 10.91; 95% CI, 1.05-112.91), was an independent factor that increased the risk of postoperative complication, whereas the CHO-P group (OR, 0.04; 95% CI, 0.01-0.26) was found to be an independent factor in reducing such risk., CONCLUSION: The addition of whey protein to clear fluids (CHO-P group) was associated with a reduced risk of postoperative complications compared with the CHO group. Furthermore, moderate malnourishment was associated with an increased risk of postoperative complications for patients with HNC. Copyright © 2020 American Society for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition.
Effects of whey protein plus vitamin D supplementation combined with progressive resistance training on glycaemic control, body composition, muscle function and cardiometabolic risk factors in middle-aged and older overweight/obese adults with type 2 diabetes: A 24-week randomized controlled trial.; AIM: To determine the effect of whey protein plus vitamin D supplementation combined with progressive resistance training (PRT) on glycaemic control, body composition, muscle function and cardiometabolic risk factors in middle-aged and older adults with type 2 diabetes (T2D)., MATERIALS AND METHODS: In this 24-week, randomized controlled trial, 198 overweight/obese adults (aged 50-75 years) with T2D undertook PRT (2-3 days/week) with random allocation to whey protein (20 g each morning plus 20 g postexercise) plus vitamin D3 (2000 IU/day) (PRT + ProD, n = 98) or no supplementation (PRT, n = 100). Primary outcomes were HbA1c and homeostatic model assessment-2 of insulin resistance (HOMA2-IR). Secondary endpoints included fasting plasma glucose (FPG), body composition, muscle strength, physical function, blood pressure, blood lipids and inflammatory markers., RESULTS: At 24 weeks, supplementation did not enhance the effects of PRT on HbA1c (mean absolute change: PRT + ProD -0.10% [95% CI, -0.24%, 0.05%] vs. PRT -0.17% [95% CI, -0.32%, -0.03%], p = .322) or HOMA2-IR (PRT + ProD -0.12 [95% CI, -0.27, 0.03] vs. PRT -0.03 [95% CI, -0.14, 0.09], p = .370). There were also no significant between-group differences for the mean changes in the secondary outcomes, except that FPG improved in PRT versus PRT + ProD (net difference, 0.6 mmol/L [95% CI, 0.1, 1.0], P = .018), while interleukin IL-10 (61% [95% CI 31%, 92%], P < .001), tumour necrosis factor-alpha (16% [95% CI, 3%, 29%], p = .015) and 30-s sit-to-stand performance (number, 1.0 [95% CI, -0.05, 1.5], p = .047) increased in PRT + ProD versus PRT., CONCLUSIONS: In older overweight/obese adults with T2D, daily whey protein plus vitamin D supplementation did not augment the effects of PRT on measures of glycaemic control, body composition, muscle strength or cardiometabolic risk factors. Copyright © 2020 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Intake of Various Food Groups and Risk of Breast Cancer: A Systematic Review and Dose-Response Meta-Analysis of Prospective Studies.; Despite increasing evidence for the association of food-based dietary patterns with breast cancer risk, knowledge about the shape of the relationship and the quality of meta-evidence are insufficient. We aimed to summarize the associations between food groups and risks of breast cancer. We performed a systematic literature search of the PubMed and Embase databases up to March 2020. We included cohort, case-cohort, nested case-control studies, and follow-up studies of randomized controlled trials that investigated the relationship between breast cancer risk and at least 1 of the following food groups: red meat, processed meat, fish, poultry, egg, vegetables, fruit, dairy product (overall, milk, yogurt, and cheese), grains/cereals, nuts, legumes, soy, and sugar-sweetened beverages. Summary risk ratios (RRs) and 95% CIs were estimated using a random-effects model for linear and nonlinear relationships. Inverse linear associations were observed for vegetables (RR per 100 g/d, 0.97; 95% CI, 0.95-0.99), fruit (RR per 100 g/d, 0.97; 95% CI, 0.95-0.99), cheese (RR per 30 g/d, 0.95; 95% CI, 0.91-1.00), and soy (RR per 30 g/d, 0.96; 95% CI, 0.94-0.99), while positive associations were observed for red (RR per 100 g/d, 1.10; 95% CI, 1.03-1.18) and processed meat (RR per 50 g/d, 1.18; 95% CI, 1.04-1.33). None of the other food groups were significantly associated with breast cancer risk. A nonlinear association was observed only for milk, such that the intake of >450 g/d increased the risk, while no association was observed for lower intake amounts. High intakes of vegetables, fruit, cheese, and soy products and low intakes of red and processed meat were associated with lower risks of breast cancer. However, causality cannot be inferred from these statistical correlations. Copyright © The Author(s) 2020. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition.
Effects of a whey protein pre-meal on bone turnover in participants with and without type 2 diabetes-A post hoc analysis of a randomised, controlled, crossover trial.; AIMS: Whey protein may improve bone turnover and have anti-osteoporotic effects. The aim of the present randomised, controlled, crossover trial was to evaluate the effects of a whey protein pre-meal on bone turnover in people with type 2 diabetes and controls., METHODS: Two groups, matched on sex, age and body mass index, comprising 12 participants with and 12 participants without type 2 diabetes were randomly given a pre-meal of whey protein (20 g) or water, which was consumed 15 min before a fat-rich meal or a fat-rich meal supplemented with 20 g whey protein. During a 360-min period, postprandial responses in bone turnover were examined., RESULTS: Osteocalcin, P-procollagen type 1 amino terminal propeptide (P1NP), C-terminal cross-linked telopeptide of type-I collagen (CTX) and parathyroid hormone (PTH) were lower at baseline and PTH, osteocalcin and P1NP were lower during the entire postprandial phase in participants with type 2 diabetes than in participants without type 2 diabetes. We observed similar postprandial responses in bone turnover markers between persons with and without type 2 diabetes. We observed no effect of the whey protein or the water pre-meal on bone turnover markers. The changes were unrelated to secretion of hormones of the gut-bone axis., CONCLUSION: Osteocalcin, P1NP, CTX and PTH all decreased following meal ingestion. We observed no convincing effect of a whey protein pre-meal on bone turnover. However, these results confirm that people with type 2 diabetes have low bone turnover and that the decreased bone formation markers are also extend into the postprandial responses. Copyright © 2020 Diabetes UK.
Weight Loss, but Not Dairy Composition of Diet, Moderately Affects Satiety and Postprandial Gut Hormone Patterns in Adults.; BACKGROUND: Inclusion of dairy in diet patterns has been shown to have mixed effects on weight loss. A prevailing hypothesis is that dairy improves weight loss by influencing endocrine systems associated with satiety and food intake regulation., OBJECTIVES: The objective of the current study was to evaluate the effect of weight loss with or without adequate dietary dairy on subjective and objective appetitive measures., METHODS: Men and women who were habitual low dairy consumers (n = 65, 20-50 y) participated in a 12-wk randomized controlled feeding weight loss trial. During the 12-wk intervention, a low-dairy (<1 serving dairy/d) was compared with an adequate-dairy (3-4 servings dairy/d) diet, both with a 500-kcal deficit/d. Test days, before and at the end of the intervention, began with 2 fasting blood draws and visual analog scale (VAS) measures, followed by a standard breakfast (25% of prescribed restricted calories), 5 postbreakfast blood draws and VASs, a standard lunch (40% of restricted energy amount), and 12 postlunch blood draws and VASs. Blood samples were used for satiety hormone measurements. On a separate day when matching standard meals were consumed, an ad libitum buffet meal was provided as dinner, at a self-selected time. Meal duration and intermeal interval were recorded., RESULTS: Weight loss (-6.1 kg), irrespective of dairy, resulted in reduced fasting insulin (-20%) and leptin (-25%), and increased fasting acylated ghrelin (+25%) and VAS desire to eat (+18%) (P < 0.05). There were no effects of dairy on objective or subjective satiety measures. Weight loss marginally reduced the intermeal interval (289 min compared with 276 min, P = 0.059) between lunch and the ad libitum buffet., CONCLUSIONS: These results do not support the hypothesis that inclusion of dairy in long-term dietary patterns influences appetite during weight loss. Weight loss per se has a modest impact on select systems that regulate hunger and satiety. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00858312. Copyright Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition 2020.
Randomized trial assessing impact of probiotic supplementation on gut microbiome and clinical outcome from targeted therapy in metastatic renal cell carcinoma.; Studies suggest a link between the gut microbiome and metastatic renal cell carcinoma (mRCC) outcomes, including evidence that mRCC patients possess a lower abundance of Bifidobacterium spp. compared to healthy adults. We sought to assess if a Bifidobacterium-containing yogurt product could modulate the gut microbiome and clinical outcome from vascular endothelial growth factor-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (VEGF-TKIs). mRCC patients initiating VEGF-TKIs, regardless of the line of therapy, were randomized to probiotic-supplemented (two 4 oz. servings of the probiotic yogurt product daily) or probiotic-restricted arms. Stool samples were collected prior to therapy and at weeks 2, 3, 4, and 12. Microbiome composition was assessed using whole-metagenome sequencing. A total of 20 patients were randomized. Bifidobacterium animalis, the active ingredient of the probiotic supplement, reached detectable levels in all patients in the probiotic-supplemented arm versus two patients in the probiotic-restricted arm. Clinical benefit rate was similar in probiotic-supplemented versus probiotic-restricted arms (70% vs. 80%, p = 0.606). Linear discriminant analysis (LDA) effect size analysis of MetaPhIAn2 abundance data predicted 25 enriched species demonstrating an LDA score >3 in either clinical benefit or no clinical benefit. In patients with clinical benefit (vs. no clinical benefit), Barnesiella intestinihominis and Akkermansia muciniphila were significantly more abundant (p = 7.4 x 10-6 and p = 5.6 x 10-3 , respectively). This is the first prospective randomized study demonstrating modulation of the gut microbiome with a probiotic in mRCC. Probiotic supplementation successfully increased the Bifidobacterium spp. levels. Analysis of longitudinal stool specimens identified an association between B. intestinihominis, A. muciniphila, and clinical benefit with therapy. Trial Registration: NCT02944617. Copyright © 2020 The Authors. Cancer Medicine published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
The clinical use of longitudinal bio-electrical impedance vector analysis in assessing stabilization of children with severe acute malnutrition.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Severe Acute Malnutrition (SAM) in children is determined using anthropometry. However, bio-electrical impedance (BI) analysis could improve the estimation of altered body composition linked to edema and/or loss of lean body mass in children with SAM. We aimed to assess: 1) the changes in BI parameters during clinical stabilization and 2) whether BI parameters add prognostic value for clinical outcome beyond the use of anthropometry., METHODS: This prospective observational study enrolled children, aged 6-60 months, that were admitted at Queen Elizabeth Central Hospital in Blantyre, Malawi, for complicated SAM (i.e., having either severe wasting or edematous SAM with a complicating illness). Height, weight, mid-upper arm circumference (MUAC), and BI were measured on admission and after clinical stabilization. BI measures were derived from height-adjusted indices of resistance (R/H), reactance (Xc/H), and phase angle (PA) and considered to reflect body fluids and soft tissue in BI vector analysis (BIVA)., RESULTS: We studied 183 children with SAM (55% edematous; age 23.0 +/- 12.0 months; 54% male) and 42 community participants (age 20.1 +/- 12.3 months; male 62%). Compared to community participants, the BIVA of children with edematous SAM were short with low PA and positioned low on the hydration axis which reflects severe fluid retention. In contrast, children with severe wasting had elongated vectors with a PA that was higher than children with edematous SAM but lower than community participants. Their BIVA position fell within the top right quadrant linked to leanness and dehydration. BIVA from severely wasted and edematous SAM patients differed between groups and from community children both at admission and after stabilization (p < 0.001). Vector position shifted during treatment only in children with edematous SAM (p < 0.001) and showed a upward translation suggestive of fluid loss. While PA was lower in children with SAM, PA did not contribute more than anthropometry alone towards explaining mortality, length of stay, or time-to-discharge or time-to-mortality. The variability and heterogeneity in BI measures was high and their overall added predictive value for prognosis of individual children was low., CONCLUSIONS: BIVA did not add prognostic value over using anthropometry alone to predict clinical outcome. Several implementation challenges need to be optimized. Thus, in low-resource settings, the routine use of BI in the management of pediatric malnutrition is questionable without improved implementation. Copyright © 2020 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd.. All rights reserved.
Dietary patterns and associations with BMI in low-income, ethnic minority youth in the USA according to baseline data from four randomised controlled trials.; Few studies have derived data-driven dietary patterns in youth in the USA. This study examined data-driven dietary patterns and their associations with BMI measures in predominantly low-income, racial/ethnic minority US youth. Data were from baseline assessments of the four Childhood Obesity Prevention and Treatment Research (COPTR) Consortium trials: NET-Works (534 2-4-year-olds), GROW (610 3-5-year-olds), GOALS (241 7-11-year-olds) and IMPACT (360 10-13-year-olds). Weight and height were measured. Children/adult proxies completed three 24-h dietary recalls. Dietary patterns were derived for each site from twenty-four food/beverage groups using k-means cluster analysis. Multivariable linear regression models examined associations of dietary patterns with BMI and percentage of the 95th BMI percentile. Healthy (produce and whole grains) and Unhealthy (fried food, savoury snacks and desserts) patterns were found in NET-Works and GROW. GROW additionally had a dairy- and sugar-sweetened beverage-based pattern. GOALS had a similar Healthy pattern and a pattern resembling a traditional Mexican diet. Associations between dietary patterns and BMI were only observed in IMPACT. In IMPACT, youth in the Sandwich (cold cuts, refined grains, cheese and miscellaneous) compared with Mixed (whole grains and desserts) cluster had significantly higher BMI (beta = 0.99 (95 % CI 0.01, 1.97)) and percentage of the 95th BMI percentile (beta = 4.17 (95 % CI 0.11, 8.24)). Healthy and Unhealthy patterns were the most common dietary patterns in COPTR youth, but diets may differ according to age, race/ethnicity or geographic location. Public health messages focused on healthy dietary substitutions may help youth mimic a dietary pattern associated with lower BMI.
Effects of whey protein and dietary fiber intake on insulin sensitivity, body composition, energy expenditure, blood pressure, and appetite in subjects with abdominal obesity.; BACKGROUND: Recently, we demonstrated that whey protein (WP) combined with low dietary fiber improved lipemia, a risk factor for cardiovascular disease in subjects with abdominal obesity. In the present study, we investigated the effects of intake of WP and dietary fiber from enzyme-treated wheat bran on other metabolic parameters of the metabolic syndrome., METHODS: The study was a 12-week, double-blind, randomized, controlled, parallel intervention study. We randomized 73 subjects with abdominal obesity to 1 of 4 iso-energetic dietary interventions: 60 g per day of either WP hydrolysate or maltodextrin (MD) combined with high-fiber (HiFi; 30 g dietary fiber/day) or low-fiber (LoFi; 10 g dietary fiber/day) cereal products. We assessed changes in insulin sensitivity, gut hormones (GLP-1, GLP-2, GIP, and peptide YY), body composition, 24-h BP, resting energy expenditure and respiratory exchange ratio (RER), and appetite., RESULTS: Sixty-five subjects completed the trial. Subjective hunger ratings were lower after 12 weeks of WP compared with MD, independent of fiber content (P = 0.02). We found no effects on ratings of satiety, fullness or prospective food consumption for either of the interventions. Intake of WP combined with LoFi increased the postprandial peptide YY response. There were no effects of WP or fiber on insulin sensitivity, body composition, energy expenditure, incretins, or 24-h BP., CONCLUSIONS: WP consumption for 12 weeks reduced subjective ratings of hunger in subjects with abdominal obesity. Neither WP nor dietary fiber from wheat bran affected insulin sensitivity, 24-h BP, gut hormone responses, body composition, or energy expenditure compared with MD and low dietary fiber.
The Effects of Dairy Product and Dairy Protein Intake on Inflammation: A Systematic Review of the Literature.; Systemic inflammation is associated with obesity and chronic disease risk. Intake of dairy foods is associated with reduced risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease; however, the impact of dairy foods on inflammation is not well-established. The objective of this study was to conduct a systematic review to evaluate the effect of dairy product (milk, cheese, and yogurt) and dairy protein consumption on low-grade systemic inflammation in adults without severe inflammatory disorders. A literature search was completed in September 2019 using PubMed and CENTRAL as well as inspection of reference lists from relevant review articles. The search resulted in the identification of 27 randomized controlled trials which were included in this analysis. In the 19 trials which evaluated dairy products, 10 reported no effect of the intervention, while 8 reported a reduction in at least one biomarker of inflammation. All 8 trials that investigated dairy protein intake on markers of inflammation reported no effect of the intervention. The available literature suggests that dairy products and dairy proteins have neutral to beneficial effects on biomarkers of inflammation. Additional clinical studies designed using inflammatory biomarkers as the primary outcome are needed to fully elucidate the effects of dairy intake on inflammation.
Casein Hydrolysate Containing Milk-Derived Peptides Reduces Facial Pigmentation Partly by Decreasing Advanced Glycation End Products in the Skin: A Randomized Double-Blind Placebo-Controlled Trial.; Casein hydrolysate has been shown to improve arterial stiffness as estimated by brachial-ankle pulse wave velocity (baPWV) in untreated hypertensive patients. Facial pigmentation is associated with atherosclerosis, both of which are supposed to be modulated by tissue accumulation of advanced glycation end products (AGEs). However, effects of casein hydrolysate on facial pigmentation and AGEs remain largely unknown. This randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial evaluated whether and how casein hydrolysate improves facial pigmentation in 80 nonhypertensive Japanese patients. Study participants were randomly assigned to receive either active tablets containing casein hydrolysate or placebo for 48 weeks. Facial pigmentation area, baPWV, and skin accumulation levels of AGEs were evaluated by Robo Skin Analyzer RSA50S II, volume-plethysmographic apparatus, and AGE Reader, respectively, at baseline and at the end of the intervention. Treatment with casein hydrolysate, but not placebo significantly reduced triglycerides and facial pigmentation area. There were significant differences of changes in triglycerides, facial pigmentation area, skin accumulation levels of AGEs, and baPWV between the two groups. Furthermore, changes in triglycerides and skin accumulation levels of AGEs were positively and independently associated with those in facial pigmentation area, whereas changes in baPWV were not. This study suggests that casein hydrolysate reduces facial pigmentation area in nonhypertensive participants partly by decreasing skin accumulation levels of AGEs. Clinical-Trials.gov ID: UMIN000027675.
The Metabolic Effects of Pre-probiotic Supplementation After Roux-en-Y Gastric Bypass (RYGB) Surgery: a Prospective, Randomized Controlled Study.; PURPOSE: Following Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB), positive alterations are observed in gut microbiota and intestinal peptides. Previous studies demonstrated similar alterations observed in cases when pre-probiotics are used without surgery. The aim of this trial was to evaluate the effectiveness of early use of pre-probiotics after RYGB., MATERIAL AND METHODS: The operation and follow-up of the patients were performed at Istanbul University Medical Faculty. Thirty-two patients who had undergone RYGB were randomized to pre-probiotic group (PreProBG, n = 16; 200 g/day yogurt plus 10 g/day inulin+oligofructose) and probiotic group (ProBG, n = 16; 200 g/day yogurt only) for 6 months. Blood samples (glucose, insulin, A1c, GLP-1, PYY), anthropometric measurements, and appetite ratings have been evaluated at baseline and 3 (m3) and 6 (m6) months after RYGB., RESULTS: Initial anthropometric measurements and appetite ratings decreased significantly after surgery and there were no significant differences between the groups. The decrease of area under the curve(insulin) was less and has a positive correlation with the changes in anthropometric measurements in PreProBG. GLP-1 and PYY which increased dramatically after surgery in all patients were higher in PreProBG. But this increase had a negative correlation with the changes in anthropometric measurements during the study., CONCLUSION: Increased insulin, GLP-1, and PYY secretion was more enhanced by pre-probiotic use in early postoperative period. But this increase not only in anthropometric measurements but also in appetite ratings affects negatively, contrary to expectations. In summary, it should be investigated with new studies that use of pre-probiotics in the late postoperative period may be more effective in patients with weak insulin and incretin response and therefore insufficient weight loss. Trial Registration clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT03517345.
Traditional plain yogurt: a therapeutic food for metabolic syndrome?.; Dairy products have an important role in a healthy diet due to their high-quality protein and rich micronutrients. Yogurt, a fermented milk product, has a similar composition to milk but is a more concentrated product in terms of group B vitamins, minerals, and proteins. It is known that bioactive metabolites and live enzymes that occur by fermentation and digestion, affect the health positively by improving gut microbiota. In recent years, the prevalence of metabolic syndrome, which threatens public health, is increasing rapidly. As with other noninfectious diseases, the diet has an important effect on the prevention and treatment of metabolic syndrome. It has been demonstrated that yogurt has a high-quality amino acid pattern, reduces energy intake by stimulating satiety, and regulates blood glucose level. In addition to the rich protein variety, yogurt also contains peptides that positively affect blood pressure. Unlike milk, increased acidity during the fermentation of yogurt positively affects calcium absorption. Calcium plays an important role in the control of blood glucose and energy metabolism through insulin-dependent and non-insulin-dependent routes. In addition to reducing inflammation, calcium has a positive effect on the regulation of the blood lipid profile by increasing fecal fat excretion. There are many lipid and lipoid nutrients such as saturated fatty acids, phospholipids, sphingolipids, and conjugated linoleic acid that may affect the blood lipid profile in yogurt positively or negatively. There are seen very few randomized controlled studies that are focused on the relationship between yogurt and metabolic syndrome, and these are based on contradictory results. In this review, based on the clinical studies conducted to date, and the nutrient content of yogurt, possible mechanisms of these contradictory results are investigated.
Exploring dietary changes in an interdisciplinary intervention trial: Application of a dietary guidelines food composition database.; BACKGROUND: Consumption of food groups aligning with dietary guidelines is advised for obesity management and was used in a recent lifestyle intervention trial, the Health Track study. We have conducted a number of dietary pattern analyses on this trial but, with recent access to the new Australian Dietary Guidelines (ADG) food composition database, we can now assess ADG adherence, with the advantage of categorising mixed dishes. The present study aimed to compare changes over time in consumption of ADG food groups., METHODS: Secondary analysis of baseline and three-month diet history data was conducted. Participants received individualised dietary advice (I), individualised dietary advice plus 30 g of walnuts per day (IW) or usual care (C). The ADG database was used to determine food group servings with changes in five food groups used as a measure of dietary quality., RESULTS: Fruit and vegetable intakes increased in the IW (+0.4 and +1.1 serves, P < 0.05) and I (+0.5 and +0.4 serves, P > 0.05) arms. Consumption of meat/protein foods increased in the IW arm (+0.3 serves, P > 0.05) but decreased in the I and C arms (both - 0.4 serves, P < 0.05). Consumption of grains and milk/alternatives decreased in all study arms (P < 0.05). Greater improvements in grain and dairy food quality were observed in the intervention arms., CONCLUSIONS: The ADG database enabled ADG specific food group analysis, addressed food quality and showed the HealthTrack intervention increased adherence to dietary guidelines compared to usual care. Copyright © 2020 The British Dietetic Association Ltd.
Effects of a multi-modal resistance exercise program and calcium-vitamin D3 fortified milk on blood pressure and blood lipids in middle-aged and older men: secondary analysis of an 18-month factorial design randomised controlled trial.; PURPOSE: Physical activity and dietary interventions are recommended as front-line therapy for prevention and management of cardiovascular disease. This study investigated the independent and combined effects of low-fat, calcium-vitamin D3 fortified milk and multi-modal exercise training on blood pressure (BP) and blood lipids in middle-aged and older men., METHODS: This was a pre-planned secondary analysis of an 18-month, randomised controlled trial. Community-dwelling men aged 50-79 years (n = 180) were randomised into (i) exercise + fortified milk; (ii) fortified milk; (iii) exercise; or (iv) control. The low-fat milk (400 mL/day) was fortified with 1,000 mg/day calcium and 800 IU/day of vitamin-D3, whilst the exercise intervention consisted of three sessions/week of resistance- and weight-bearing impact exercises. Resting BP and fasting lipids were assessed at baseline, 6 (lipids only), 12 and 18 months., RESULTS: Mean +/- SD serum 25(OH)D and calcium intake for the entire cohort at baseline was 86 +/- 36 nmol/L and 1002 +/- 397 mg/day, respectively, with 10% classified as vitamin-D insufficient and 58% reporting a calcium intake below 1000 mg/day. There were no exercise-by-fortified milk interactions, nor any main-group effects for exercise or milk on BP or lipids at any time. However, there were significant reductions from baseline to 18 months in systolic (mean change, 5-8 mmHg) and diastolic (4-6 mmHg) BP in the exercise, fortified milk and control groups. All results remained largely unchanged after adjusting for use of anti-hypertensive or lipid lowering medication, weight or fat mass, or only including men with hypertension (n = 89) or dyslipidemia (n = 130) at baseline., CONCLUSION: Supplementation with low-fat, calcium + vitamin D3 fortified milk and a multi-modal exercise program, alone or in combination, was not effective for improving BP or blood lipids in community-dwelling middle-aged and older men.
Changes in Strength, Mobility, and Body Composition Following Self-Selected Exercise in Older Adults.; The purpose of this trial was to examine the effects of self-selected exercise intensities plus either whey protein or placebo supplementation on vital signs, body composition, bone mineral density, muscle strength, and mobility in older adults. A total of 101 participants aged 55 years and older (males [n = 34] and females [n = 67]) were evaluated before and after 12 weeks of self-selected, free-weight resistance exercise plus 30 min of self-paced walking three times per week. The participants were randomized into two groups: whey protein (n = 46) or placebo (n = 55). Three-way mixed factorial analyses of variance were used to test for mean differences for each variable. The 12 weeks of self-selected, self-paced exercise intensities improved resting heart rate, fat-free mass, percent body fat, handgrip strength, bench press strength, leg press strength, and all mobility measurements (p < .05) in males and females despite supplementation status. This suggests that additional protein in well-fed healthy older adults does not enhance the benefit of exercise.
Whey protein consumption following fasted exercise reduces early postprandial glycaemia in centrally obese males: a randomised controlled trial.; PURPOSE: Acute submaximal exercise and whey protein supplementation have been reported to improve postprandial metabolic and appetite responses to a subsequent meal independently. We aimed to examine the combination of these strategies on postprandial responses to a carbohydrate-rich breakfast., METHODS: Twelve centrally obese males (age 41 +/- 3 years, waist circumference 123.4 +/- 2.9 cm), completed three trials in a single-blind, crossover design. Participants rested for 30 min (CON) or completed 30 min low-moderate-intensity treadmill walking (51 +/- 1% [Formula: see text]) followed immediately by ingestion of 20 g whey protein (EX + PRO) or placebo (EX). After 15 min, a standardised breakfast was consumed and blood, expired gas and subjective appetite were sampled postprandially. After 240 min, an ad libitum lunch meal was provided to assess energy intake., RESULTS: During EX + PRO, post-breakfast peak blood glucose was reduced when compared with EX and CON (EX + PRO: 7.6 +/- 0.4 vs EX: 8.4 +/- 0.3; CON: 8.3 +/- 0.3 mmol l-1, p <= 0.04). Early postprandial glucose AUC0-60 min was significantly lower under EX + PRO than EX (p = 0.011), but not CON (p = 0.12). Over the full postprandial period, AUC0-240 min during EX + PRO did not differ from other trials (p > 0.05). Peak plasma insulin concentrations and AUC0-240 min were higher during EX + PRO than CON, but similar to EX. Plasma triglyceride concentrations, substrate oxidation and subjective appetite responses were similar across trials and ad libitum energy intake was not influenced by prior fasted exercise, nor its combination with whey protein supplementation (p > 0.05)., CONCLUSION: Following fasted low-moderate-intensity exercise, consuming whey protein before breakfast may improve postprandial glucose excursions, without influencing appetite or subsequent energy intake, in centrally obese males., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT02714309.
Effects of slow- v. fast-digested protein supplementation combined with mixed power training on muscle function and functional capacities in older men.; Ageing leads to a progressive loss of muscle function (MF) and quality (MQ: muscle strength (MS)/lean muscle mass (LM)). Power training and protein (PROT) supplementation have been proposed as efficient interventions to improve MF and MQ. Discrepancies between results appear to be mainly related to the type and/or dose of proteins used. The present study aimed at determining whether or not mixed power training (MPT) combined with fast-digested PROT (F-PROT) leads to greater improvements in MF and MQ in elderly men than MPT combined with slow-digested PROT (S-PROT) or MPT alone. Sixty elderly men (age 69 (sd 7) years; BMI 18-30 kg/m2) were randomised into three groups: (1) placebo + MPT (PLA; n 19); (2) F-PROT + MPT (n 21) and (3) S-PROT + MPT (n 20) completed the intervention. LM, handgrip and knee extensor MS and MQ, functional capacity, serum metabolic markers, skeletal muscle characteristics, dietary intake and total energy expenditure were measured. The interventions consisted in 12 weeks of MPT (3 times/week; 1 h/session) combined with a supplement (30 g:10 g per meal) of F-PROT (whey) or S-PROT (casein) or a placebo. No difference was observed among groups for age, BMI, number of steps and dietary intake pre- and post-intervention. All groups improved significantly their LM, lower limb MS/MQ, functional capacity, muscle characteristics and serum parameters following the MPT. Importantly, no difference between groups was observed following the MPT. Altogether, adding 30 g PROT/d to MPT, regardless of the type, does not provide additional benefits to MPT alone in older men ingesting an adequate (i.e. above RDA) amount of protein per d.
Individualized target fortification of breast milk with protein, carbohydrates, and fat for preterm infants: A double-blind randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: In preterm infants, natural variation of breast milk composition makes it difficult to achieve recommended macronutrient intakes with standard fortification. Evidence suggests that nutritional deficiency induces poor postnatal growth. This study investigates impacts of target fortification on preterm growth and metabolism by adjusting breast milk macronutrients., METHODS: This study was conducted as a single-centre, double-blind, randomized controlled trial for infants <30 gestational weeks. The control group received standard fortification and the intervention group received standard plus target fortification adding modular protein, lipids, and carbohydrates. Breast milk content was measured 3x/week using a validated near-infrared bedside spectrometer (NIRS). Modulars were added to achieve recommended values. To assess total nutrient intake, all 2810 native breast milk samples were analyzed - protein and fat using bedside-NIRS, lactose using tandem mass spectrometry (UPLC-MS/MS). Body composition was measured using air displacement plethysmography. Primary outcome was weight gain during the first 21 days of intervention., RESULTS: Baseline characteristics, morbidities, and total fluid intake were not different between groups (intervention n = 52, control n = 51). The intervention group infants had higher macronutrient intakes, weight gain (21.2 +/- 2.5 vs 19.3 +/- 2.4 g/kg/d, mean difference: 1.9 g/kg/d, 95% CI: 0.9 - 2.9), and body weight. Infants in the intervention group from mothers with below-average breast milk protein content showed greatest impact on weight at 36 weeks (2580 +/- 280 g vs 2210 +/- 300 g), length, head circumference, fat, and fat-free mass. Also, feeding intolerance was less frequent, blood urea was higher, and triglycerides were lower., CONCLUSIONS: This study provides evidence that target fortification of breast milk with low macronutrient content enhances the quality of nutrition and growth and is feasible in clinical routine. Copyright © 2020 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd.. All rights reserved.
Fermented dairy foods rich in probiotics and cardiometabolic risk factors: a narrative review from prospective cohort studies.; Probiotic foods, including fermented dairy (FD) products such as yogurt and cheese, naturally contain live microorganisms, but the relationship between the consumption of probiotic foods and health is unclear. The aim of the present narrative review is to integrate the available information on the relationship between the most studied FD products, which are yogurt and cheese, and cardiometabolic risk factors obtained from meta-analysis, systematic reviews of prospective cohort studies (PCSs) and PCSs published up to 2 November 2019. Additionally, the effects identified by randomized controlled trials of less-studied FD products, such as kefir and kimchi, on cardiometabolic risk factors are provided. PCSs have shown that the consumption of cheese, despite its high saturated fat content, is not associated with expected hypercholesterolemia and an increased cardiovascular risk. PCSs have revealed that the total consumption of FD appears to be associated with a lower risk of developing stroke and cardiovascular disease. The consumption of yogurt seems to be associated with a lower risk of developing type 2 diabetes. There is a lack of sufficient evidence of a protective relationship between FD or cheese consumption and metabolic syndrome. Moreover, the association of FD, cheese and yogurt with hypertension needs further evidence. In conclusion, the intake of fermented foods containing probiotics, particularly yogurt and cheese (of an undetermined type), opens up new opportunities for the management of cardiometabolic risk factors.
Dairy product intake modifies gut microbiota composition among hyperinsulinemic individuals.; PURPOSES: The objectives of this study were to investigate differences in gut microbiota (GM) composition after high dairy intake (HD) compared to adequate dairy intake (AD) and to correlate GM composition variations with the change in glycemic parameters in hyperinsulinemic subjects., METHODS: In this crossover study, 10 hyperinsulinemic adults were randomized to HD (>= 4 servings/day) or AD (<= 2 servings/day) for 6 weeks, separated by a 6-week washout period. Fasting insulin and glucose levels were measured after each intervention. Insulin resistance was calculated with the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). GM was determined with 16S rRNA-based high-throughput sequencing at the end of each intervention. Paired t test, correlations and machine learning analyses were performed., RESULTS: Endpoint glycemic parameters were not different between HD and AD intake. After HD compared with AD intake, there was a decrease in the abundance of bacteria in Roseburia and Verrucomicrobia (p = 0.04 and p = 0.02, respectively) and a trend for an increase abundance in Faecalibacteria and Flavonifractor (p = 0.05 and p = 0.06, respectively). The changes in abundance of Coriobacteriia, Erysipelotrichia, and Flavonifractor were negatively correlated with the change in HOMA-IR between the AD and HD phases. Furthermore, a predictive GM signature, including Anaerotruncus, Flavonifractor, Ruminococcaceae, and Subdoligranulum, was related to HOMA-IR., CONCLUSION: Overall, these results suggest that HD modifies the abundance of specific butyrate-producing bacteria in Firmicutes and of bacteria in Verrucomicrobia in hyperinsulinemic individuals. In addition, the butyrate producing bacteria in Firmicutes phylum correlate negatively with insulin resistance.
Taxation of the fat content of foods for reducing their consumption and preventing obesity or other adverse health outcomes.; BACKGROUND: Overweight and obesity are increasing worldwide and are considered to be a major public health issue of the 21st century. Introducing taxation of the fat content in foods is considered a potentially powerful policy tool to reduce consumption of foods high in fat or saturated fat, or both., OBJECTIVES: To assess the effects of taxation of the fat content in food on consumption of total fat and saturated fat, energy intake, overweight, obesity, and other adverse health outcomes in the general population., SEARCH METHODS: We searched CENTRAL, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, MEDLINE, Embase, and 15 other databases and trial registers on 12 September 2019. We handsearched the reference lists of all records of included studies, searched websites of international organizations and institutions (14 October 2019), and contacted review advisory group members to identify planned, ongoing, or unpublished studies (26 February 2020)., SELECTION CRITERIA: In line with Cochrane Effective Practice and Organisation of Care Group (EPOC) criteria, we included the following study types: randomized controlled trials (RCTs), cluster-randomized controlled trials (cRCTs), non-randomized controlled trials (nRCTs), controlled before-after (CBA) studies, and interrupted time series studies. We included studies that evaluated the effects of taxes on the fat content in foods. Such a tax could be expressed as sales, excise, or special value added tax (VAT) on the final product or an intermediary product. Eligible interventions were taxation at any level, with no restriction on the duration or the implementation level (i.e. local, regional, national, or multinational). Eligible study populations were children (zero to 17 years) and adults (18 years or older) from any country and setting. We excluded studies that focused on specific subgroups only (e.g. people receiving pharmaceutical intervention; people undergoing a surgical intervention; ill people who are overweight or obese as a side effect, such as those with thyroiditis and depression; and people with chronic illness). Primary outcomes were total fat consumption, consumption of saturated fat, energy intake through fat, energy intake through saturated fat, total energy intake, and incidence/prevalence of overweight or obesity. We did not exclude studies based on country, setting, comparison, or population., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: We used standard Cochrane methods for all phases of the review. Risk of bias of the included studies was assessed using the criteria of Cochrane's 'Risk of bias' tool and the EPOC Group's guidance. Results of the review are summarized narratively and the certainty of the evidence was assessed using the GRADE approach. These steps were done by two review authors, independently., MAIN RESULTS: We identified 23,281 records from searching electronic databases and 1173 records from other sources, leading to a total of 24,454 records. Two studies met the criteria for inclusion in the review. Both included studies investigated the effect the Danish tax on saturated fat contained in selected food items between 2011 and 2012. Both studies used an interrupted time series design. Neither included study had a parallel control group from another geographic area. The included studies investigated an unbalanced panel of approximately 2000 households in Denmark and the sales data from a specific Danish supermarket chain (1293 stores). Therefore, the included studies did not address individual participants, and no restriction regarding age, sex, and socioeconomic characteristics were defined. We judged the overall risk of bias of the two included studies as unclear. For the outcome total consumption of fat, a reduction of 41.8 grams per week per person in a household (P < 0.001) was estimated. For the consumption of saturated fat, one study reported a reduction of 4.2% from minced beef sales, a reduction of 5.8% from cream sales, and an increase of 0.5% to sour cream sales (no measures of statistical precision were reported for these estimates). These estimates are based on a restricted number of food types and derived from sales data; they do not measure individual intake. Moreover, these estimates do not account for other relevant sources of fat intake (e.g. packaged or processed food) or other food outlets (e.g. restaurants or cafeterias); hence, we judged the evidence on the effect of taxation on total fat consumption or saturated fat consumption to be very uncertain. We did not identify evidence on the effect of the intervention on energy intake or the incidence or prevalence of overweight or obesity., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: Given the very low quality of the evidence currently available, we are unable to reliably establish whether a tax on total fat or saturated fat is effective or ineffective in reducing consumption of total fat or saturated fat. There is currently no evidence on the effect of a tax on total fat or saturated fat on total energy intake or energy intake through saturated fat or total fat, or preventing the incidence or reducing the prevalence of overweight or obesity. Copyright © 2020 The Authors. Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. on behalf of The Cochrane Collaboration.
Diet and Nutrition Status of Mongolian Adults.; (1) Background: Aspects of the Mongolian food supply, including high availability of animal-source foods and few plant foods, are plausibly associated with disease in the population. Data on Mongolian diets are lacking, and these risks are poorly quantified. The purpose of this study was to provide a multifaceted nutritional analysis of the modern Mongolian diet. (2) Methods: The study population consisted of 167 male and 167 female healthy non-pregnant urban and nomadic adults (22-55 years) randomly selected from lists of residents in 8 regions. From 2011-2016, 3-day weighed diet records and serum were collected twice from each participant in summer and winter; anthropometry was collected once from each participant. Serum was analyzed for biomarkers, and nutrient intake computed using purpose-built food composition data and adjusted for within-person variation. Exploratory dietary patterns were derived and analyzed for associations with diet and nutrition measurements. (3) Results: We collected 1838 of an expected 1986 diet records (92.5%), 610/658 serum samples (92.7%), and 315/334 height and weight measurements (94.3%). Sixty-one percent of men and 51% of women were overweight or obese. Consumption of red meat, refined grains, and whole-fat dairy was high, while that of fruits, non-tuberous vegetables, eggs, nuts and seeds, fish and poultry, and whole grains was low. Dairy and red meat were more consumed in summer and winter, respectively. Dietary inadequacy of 10 of 21 assessed nutrients, including fiber, folate, and vitamin D were >50% prevalent, while protein, zinc, and vitamin B12 inadequacy were low. Biochemical evidence of iron and vitamin A deficiency was also low. Three dietary patterns (Urban, Transitional, Nomadic) explained 41% of variation in food consumption. The Urban pattern was positively associated with BMI in multivariate analysis. (4) Conclusions: Results indicate a high prevalence of key dietary inadequacies and overweight among Mongolian adults. Prior studies by our group have suggested that expanded supplementation and food fortification would be effective in addressing micronutrient inadequacies; these strategies should be coupled with measures to mitigate the growing burden of chronic disease.
Associations between Diet Quality and Body Composition in Young Children Born with Very Low Body Weight.; BACKGROUND: Very low birth weight (VLBW; <1500 g) infants have increased adiposity and metabolic disease risk in adulthood. Limited evidence suggests low-quality childhood diets are a predisposing risk factor. Despite this, to our knowledge no study has yet examined associations between diet quality and body composition in VLBW individuals., OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to determine associations between Healthy Eating Index-2010 (HEI-2010) scores and consumption of fruits/vegetables, added sugars, and macronutrients with body composition in 5.5-y-old children born VLBW. We hypothesized HEI-2010 scores were inversely associated with adiposity., METHODS: This cohort study leveraged the 5.5-y follow-up to the Donor Milk for Improved Neurodevelopmental Outcomes randomized controlled trial. From June 2016 to July 2018, participants attended a follow-up visit at The Hospital for Sick Children, Canada, or were visited in their home. All 316 surviving infants from the trial were eligible, and the caregivers of 158 children (50%; 53% male) consented to follow-up. Diet quality (HEI-2010) and usual intake of fruits/vegetables, added sugars, and macronutrients were determined from two 24-h dietary recalls (ASA24). Linear regressions evaluated associations of diet with BMI (kg/m2) and waist circumference z-scores, total fat, fat-free mass (air displacement plethysmography), and skinfolds., RESULTS: Mean +/- SD age at follow-up was 5.7 +/- 0.2 y, birth weight was 1013 +/- 264 g, and gestational age was 27.9 +/- 2.5 wk. Dietary data and BMI z-scores were available for all children; 123 completed air displacement plethysmography. HEI-2010 score was 58.2 +/- 12.4 out of 100, and 27% of children had poor quality diets (scores <=50). HEI-2010 scores were inversely associated with BMI z-score, but only in children with obese mothers. A 10-point increase in HEI-2010 score was associated with reduced BMI (beta: -0.5 SD; 95% CI: -0.7, -0.2) and subscapular (-0.3 SD; 95% CI: -0.6, -0.06) z-scores., CONCLUSIONS: Improving diet quality in children born VLBW with obese mothers may be an important strategy to prevent excess adiposity. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as Optimizing Mothers' Milk for Preterm Infants (OptiMoM) Program of Research: Study 1-Impact of Donor Milk at Kindergarten, NCT02759809. Copyright © The Author(s) 2020. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition.
Milk polar lipids reduce lipid cardiovascular risk factors in overweight postmenopausal women: towards a gut sphingomyelin-cholesterol interplay.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether milk polar lipids (PL) impact human intestinal lipid absorption, metabolism, microbiota and associated markers of cardiometabolic health., DESIGN: A double-blind, randomised controlled 4-week study involving 58 postmenopausal women was used to assess the chronic effects of milk PL consumption (0, 3 or 5 g-PL/day) on lipid metabolism and gut microbiota. The acute effects of milk PL on intestinal absorption and metabolism of cholesterol were assessed in a randomised controlled crossover study using tracers in ileostomy patients., RESULTS: Over 4 weeks, milk PL significantly reduced fasting and postprandial plasma concentrations of cholesterol and surrogate lipid markers of cardiovascular disease risk, including total/high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol and apolipoprotein (Apo)B/ApoA1 ratios. The highest PL dose preferentially induced a decreased number of intestine-derived chylomicron particles. Also, milk PL increased faecal loss of coprostanol, a gut-derived metabolite of cholesterol, but major bacterial populations and faecal short-chain fatty acids were not affected by milk PL, regardless of the dose. Acute ingestion of milk PL by ileostomy patients shows that milk PL decreased cholesterol absorption and increased cholesterol-ileal efflux, which can be explained by the observed co-excretion with milk sphingomyelin in the gut., CONCLUSION: The present data demonstrate for the first time in humans that milk PL can improve the cardiometabolic health by decreasing several lipid cardiovascular markers, notably through a reduced intestinal cholesterol absorption involving specific interactions in the gut, without disturbing the major bacterial phyla of gut microbiota., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT02099032 and NCT02146339; Results. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2020. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Preventive Role of Diet Interventions and Dietary Factors in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: An Umbrella Review.; BACKGROUND: Although the body of evidence indicates clear benefits of dietary modifications for prevention of type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), it may be difficult for healthcare providers to recommend which diet interventions or dietary factors are appropriate for patients as there are too many modalities available. Accordingly, we performed an umbrella review to synthesize evidence on diet interventions and dietary factors in prevention of T2DM., METHODS: Medline and Scopus databases were searched for relevant studies. Systematic reviews with meta-analyses of randomized-controlled trial or observational studies were eligible if they measured effects of diet interventions and/or dietary factors including dietary patterns, food groups, and nutrients on risk of T2DM. The effect of each diet intervention/factor was summarized qualitatively., RESULTS: Sixty systematic reviews and meta-analyses were eligible. Results of the review suggest that healthy dietary patterns such as Mediterranean and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diets, and high consumption of whole grains, low-fat dairy products, yogurt, olive oil, chocolate, fiber, magnesium, and flavonoid significantly reduced the risk of T2DM. In contrast, high glycemic index and glycemic load diets, high consumption of red and processed meat, and sugar or artificial sugar-sweetened beverages significantly increased risk of T2DM. Prescribing diet interventions with or without physical activity interventions significantly decreased risk of T2DM in both high-risk and general population., CONCLUSION: High consumption of Mediterranean and DASH diet, and interventions that modified the quality of diet intake significantly reduced risk of T2DM especially in the high-risk population. These lifestyle modifications should be promoted in both individual and population levels to prevent and decrease burden from T2DM in the future.
Two-Week Multimodal Prehabilitation Program Improves Perioperative Functional Capability in Patients Undergoing Thoracoscopic Lobectomy for Lung Cancer: A Randomized Controlled Trial.; BACKGROUND: Patients with lung cancer often experience reduced functional capacity and quality of life after surgery. The current study investigated the impact of a short-term, home-based, multimodal prehabilitation program on perioperative functional capacity in patients undergoing video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery (VATS) lobectomy for nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC)., METHODS: A randomized controlled trial was conducted with 73 patients. Patients in the prehabilitation group (n = 37) received a 2-week multimodal intervention program before surgery, including aerobic and resistance exercises, respiratory training, nutrition counseling with whey protein supplementation, and psychological guidance. Patients in the control group (n = 36) received the usual clinical care. The assessors were blinded to the patient allocation. The primary outcome was perioperative functional capacity measured as the 6-minute walk distance (6MWD), which was assessed at 1 day before and 30 days after surgery. A linear mixed-effects model was built to analyze the perioperative 6MWD. Other outcomes included lung function, disability and psychometric evaluations, length of stay (LOS), short-term recovery quality, postoperative complications, and mortality., RESULTS: The median duration of prehabilitation was 15 days. The average 6MWD was 60.9 m higher perioperatively in the prehabilitation group compared to the control group (95% confidence interval [CI], 32.4-89.5; P < .001). There were no differences in lung function, disability and psychological assessment, LOS, short-term recovery quality, postoperative complications, and mortality, except for forced vital capacity (FVC; 0.35 L higher in the prehabilitation group, 95% CI, 0.05-0.66; P = .021)., CONCLUSIONS: A 2-week, home-based, multimodal prehabilitation program could produce clinically relevant improvements in perioperative functional capacity in patients undergoing VATS lobectomy for lung cancer.
Diet and lifestyle considerations for patients with prostate cancer.; PURPOSE: To review the literature and provide recommendations on diet and lifestyle considerations in patients with prostate cancer using evidence from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with additional considerations based on observational evidence., MATERIALS AND METHODS: We initiated our search on ClinicalTrials.gov combining the term "prostate cancer" with a variety of diet and lifestyle factors. We then supplemented our summary of publications from registered trials by including other publications available on Pubmed., RESULTS: There is a well-established benefit of exercise for improving functional outcomes and pelvic floor muscle training for improving treatment-related adverse effects. Multimodality interventions that integrate several factors (e.g., low-saturated fat, plant-based, whole-food diets with exercise, and stress reduction) appear to have the most clinically significant benefit for patients with prostate cancer. Ongoing multimodality interventions are including the efficacy of implementation strategies as observed outcomes. Limited RCT evidence suggests a clinically significant benefit for guided imagery/progressive muscle relaxation, Pilates, and lycopene-rich diets and a modest benefit for green tea, qigong, massage, and avoidance of nonprescribed vitamin and mineral supplements. Observational and single arm trial evidence indicates a need for further exploration of acupuncture, coffee, cruciferous vegetables, fish, Larrea tridentata, mushrooms, and vegetable-derived fats and avoidance of eggs, dairy, poultry with skin, processed red meat, and saturated fat. Published trials suggest no benefit from hypnosis, milk thistle, pomegranate, soy, or omega-3 fatty acid supplementation., CONCLUSIONS: Our search demonstrated that most diet and lifestyle factors identified from observational studies have limited data from RCTs. Few items have shown early evidence of benefit. The best recommendation for patients with prostate cancer is to form a habit of wellness through healthy eating, aerobic and resistance exercise, and psychological well-being. Future trial development should consider how interventions can be implemented into real world practice. Copyright © 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of Low-Level Laser Therapy versus Electroacupuncture on Postnatal Scanty Milk Secretion: A Randomized Controlled Trial.; OBJECTIVE: Postnatal scanty milk secretion is a common complaint. Some physical and medical interventions were advocated to help milk production. These interventions should be effective and safe for the mother and the infant. This study aimed to compare the effects of low-level laser therapy and electroacupuncture on postnatal scanty milk secretion., STUDY DESIGN: A randomized controlled study conducted on 60 healthy primiparous mothers with insufficient lactation. They were randomly divided into three equal groups: group A (control), group B (those who received low-power He-Ne laser beam on both breasts), and group C (those who received faradic current stimulation at Spleen 6, Liver 3, and Small Intestine 1 acupuncture points on both sides). All participants received 10 mg Domperidone three times a day and were given advice about lactation, nutrition, and fluid intake. Evaluation was done before and after the treatment program., RESULTS: The mean serum prolactin, infant weight, and visual analog scale (VAS) score were significantly increased in the three groups posttreatment when compared with their corresponding levels pretreatment. Posttreatment serum prolactin was significantly elevated in group C more than the other two groups (p = 0.001 and 0.012, respectively). Also, it was significantly elevated in group B more than in group A (p = 0.001). The mean value of infant weight was significantly elevated in group C when compared with its corresponding values in both groups A (p = 0.001) and B (p = 0.029). The VAS score was significantly increased in both groups B and C when compared with group A (p = 0.001)., CONCLUSION: Electroacupuncture is more effective than low-level laser therapy in increasing postnatal scanty milk secretion., CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT03806062. Copyright Thieme. All rights reserved.
Safety and Tolerability of Targeted Medical Nutrition for Cachexia in Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Controlled Pilot Trial.; Background: This pilot, double-blind, comparator-controlled trial evaluated the safety and tolerability of an oral targeted medical nutrition (TMN) supplement for the management of cachexia in patients with non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Methods: Patients receiving first-line chemotherapy for NSCLC with weight loss or low BMI were randomized 1:1 to receive juice-based TMN (~200 kcal; 10 g whey protein; >=2.0 g eicosapentaenoic acid/docosahexaenoic acid in fish oil; and 10 mug 25-hydroxy-vitamin D3) or a milk-based isocaloric comparator twice daily for 12 weeks (ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT02515032). Primary endpoints included number/type of adverse events and changes in vital signs/laboratory parameters. Secondary endpoints included measures of clinical relevance. Survival was an exploratory endpoint. Results: The TMN group (n = 26; mean 64.4 years) experienced fewer adverse events (64 vs. 87) than the comparator group (n = 29; mean 66.0 years), including fewer cases of neutropenia (0 vs. 4). Compliance was slightly lower in the TMN (58.5%) vs. comparator group (73.6%). There were no statistically significant between-group differences in efficacy endpoints. Fewer (4 vs. 10) patients who received TMN than comparator had died by 1-year post baseline. Conclusions: TMN was well tolerated. Trends for improved clinical outcomes with TMN identified in this study warrant further investigation.
Novel hyaluronan formulation for preventing acute skin reactions in breast during radiotherapy: a randomized clinical trial.; PURPOSE: We conducted a randomized, double-blind, vehicle-controlled clinical trial to investigate the use of a new proprietary hyaluronan (HA) formulation for the prevention of acute skin toxicity in breast cancer patients undergoing radiotherapy (RT)., METHODS: Thirty women with breast cancer undergoing whole breast RT were enrolled. Each patient was randomly assigned to HA formulation (study cream, S) on the medial or lateral half of the irradiated breast and the control cream (placebo, P) on the other half. The primary endpoint was physician's evaluation of skin symptoms at week 5 during RT and week 2 post-RT. We also collected patients' independent assessment of skin after RT, patient's product preference, and an independent physician panel assessment of skin reactions based on photographs., RESULTS: Twenty-eight patients were evaluable. On physician's evaluation, there was no significant difference in radiation dermatitis between S and P and no overall preference to either cream at week 5 during or week 2 post-RT. More patients preferred S in evaluating skin appearance and skin reactions, but this did not reach statistical significance. Univariate analysis showed that physicians had an overall preference to the S cream at week 2 post-RT in patients with larger breasts. On the independent panel assessment, 3 reviewers saw no significant difference in radiation toxicity, whereas one reviewer reported better skin outcome with S cream at week 5., CONCLUSIONS: We found a nonstatistically significant patient preference but overall no significant radioprotective effects for this HA formulation compared with placebo except in patients with larger breasts., TRIAL REGISTRATION: The study was registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov (NCT02165605).
Individualized Human Milk Fortification to Improve the Growth of Hospitalized Preterm Infants.; BACKGROUND: Human milk (HM) is the first choice for preterm infants, but exclusive HM feeding is inadequate for the growth of very preterm infants. The hypothesis of this trial is that infants fed according to an individualized fortification regimen will have higher protein intake and improved weight gain velocity (WGV)., METHODS: A prospective, randomized, controlled study was conducted. Infants <34 weeks of gestational age were enrolled when enteral feeding volume reached 60 mL/kg/d and were randomly allocated to the individualized fortification (IF) group or the standard fortification group. The IF group was fed using a regimen that featured modifying HM fortifier and supplemental protein powder based on the protein concentration in HM, current body weight of infants, and blood urea nitrogen (fortification level was set as L-1, L0, L1, L2, L3; the amount of HM fortifier and protein powder were determined accordingly)., RESULTS: Between September 2012 and August 2016, 51 preterm infants completed the study. In the IF group, 62.5% (15/24) of preterm infants were fed with HM fortified to level 1, 29.2% (7/24) to level 2, and 12.5% (3/24) to level 3. The WGV of the third week in the IF group was greater than the standard group (20.8 +/- 7.9 vs 14.9 +/- 4.5 g/kg/d, P = 0.022)., CONCLUSION: About two-thirds of preterm infants needed to adjust the HM fortification to a higher level. The WGV of infants in the IF group was better than that of the standard group in the third week of this study. Copyright © 2019 American Society for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition.
Oral bovine colostrum supplementation does not increase circulating insulin-like growth factor-1 concentration in healthy adults: results from short- and long-term administration studies.; PURPOSE: Bovine colostrum is available in health food shops and as a sports food supplement and is rich in antibodies and growth factors including IGF-1. World Anti-Doping Agency advises athletes against taking colostrum for fear of causing increased plasma IGF-1. There are also concerns that colostrum may theoretically stimulate malignancy in organs which express IGF-1 receptors. We, therefore, determined changes in plasma IGF-1 levels in subjects taking colostrum or placebo for 1 day, 4 weeks, and 12 weeks., METHODS: Plasma IGF1 levels were determined in healthy males (n = 16) who ingested 40 g bovine colostrum or placebo along with undertaking moderate exercise for total period of 4.5 h. Two further studies followed changes in IGF1 using double-blind, parallel group, placebo-controlled, randomized trials of colostrum or placebo (N = 10 per arm, 20 g/day for 4 weeks and N = 25 colostrum, N = 29 placebo arm 20 g/day for 12 weeks)., RESULTS: Baseline IGF1 levels 130 +/- 36 ng/ml. 4.5 h protocol showed no effect of colostrum on plasma IGF1 (ANOVA, treatment group: p = 0.400, group x time: p = 0.498, time p = 0.602). Similarly, no effect of colostrum ingestion was seen following 4 week (ANOVA, group: p = 0.584, group x time interaction: p = 0.083, time p = 0.243) or 12 week (ANOVA, group: p = 0.400, group x time interaction: p = 0.498, time p = 0.602) protocol., CONCLUSIONS: Ingestion of standard recommended doses of colostrum does not increase IGF-1 levels in healthy adults, providing additional support for the safety profile of colostrum ingestion.
Exclusive Breast Milk vs. Hybrid Milk Feeding for Preterm Babies-A Randomized Controlled Trial Comparing Time to Full Feeds.; When breastmilk is insufficient to meet planned feed volumes, neonatologists need to continue parenteral nutrition (PN) or use formula. This trial conducted at a tertiary care unit in South India between August 2014 and April 2016 compared time to full feeds in preterms fed 'mother's milk alone(MM)' vs. 'hybrid feed-mother's milk supplemented with formula(HF)'. We also compared time to regain birth weights, duration of PN, feed intolerance, Necrotizing Enterocolitis stage 2 or more, all-cause mortality, Extrauterine growth restriction, Healthcare associated infections, exclusive breast milk feeding rates at discharge, Retinopathy of prematurity requiring laser therapy, abnormal neurosonogram and oxygen dependency at 28 days. Neonates between 27 and 32 weeks were randomized into MM/HF when breast milk was insufficient. HF received formula to reach targeted feed volumes. MM received more PN to meet fluid requirements. 54 babies were analyzed in MM and 58 in HF. Time to full feeds were similar-MM (14.1 +/- 4 days); HF (13.5 +/- 4 days), p = 0.45. Exclusive breast milk feeding rates at discharge were higher in MM when compared to HF (74% vs. 51%). Other secondary outcomes were similar between groups. When mother's milk is unavailable in sufficient quantities, preterm babies may receive hybrid feeds. (Clinical trials registry of India no. REF/2016/02/006622). Copyright © The Author(s) [2019]. Published by Oxford University Press. All rights reserved. For permissions, please email: journals.permissions@oup.com.
Effect of probiotic yoghurt on plasma glucose in overweight and obese pregnant women: a randomized controlled clinical trial.; INTRODUCTION: There is only some evidence about effectiveness of probiotics for preventing gestational hyperglycaemia. This trial examined the effects of probiotic yoghurts containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb12 on maternal plasma glucose (primary outcome) and on some maternal and infant complications (secondary outcomes) in overweight and obese women with no diabetes in pregnancy., METHODS: Using stratified block randomization, women with pre- or early-pregnancy BMI >= 25 and fasting plasma glucose < 92 mg/dl at 22 weeks of gestation were assigned into probiotic or conventional yoghurt group, consuming 100 g/day from 24 weeks of gestation until delivery. The women and their infants were followed up until 1 month after birth., RESULTS: In each group, one out of 65 women had intra-uterine foetal death and were not analysed for other outcomes. The mean BMI was 29.2 (SD 3.3) in probiotic and 30.3 (SD 4.1) in conventional yoghurt group. Four weeks after initiation of the treatment, plasma glucose levels were significantly lower in the probiotic than in conventional yoghurt group at fasting (mean difference adjusted for the BMI category) and baseline FPG (- 4.0 mg/dl; 95% confidence interval - 6.9, - 1.1) and 2-h OGTT (- 13.9; - 22.8, - 5.0). At the 1-h OGTT, however, the difference was not statistically significant (- 9.8; - 20.6, 0.9). Further, there was a significantly lower infant bilirubin level in the probiotic group on days 3-5 after birth (- 2.2 mg/dl; - 3.3, - 1.2). There were not statistically significant differences between the groups regarding the risk of gestational diabetes (6 vs 11; odds ratio 0.5; 0.2, 1.5), preterm delivery (3 vs 8; 0.3; 0.1, 1.2), and other maternal and infant outcomes., CONCLUSION: The probiotics supplementation has some beneficial effects on glucose metabolism of overweight and obese pregnant women. Nevertheless, further studies are required to judge the clinical significance of such effects.
Oropharyngeal Administration of Mother's Milk Prior to Gavage Feeding in Preterm Infants: A Pilot Randomized Control Trial.; BACKGROUND: Oropharyngeal administration of mother's colostrum in early days has an immunoprotective effect in preterm infants., OBJECTIVES: Our aim was to study the effect of oropharyngeal administration of mother's milk (OPAMM) on decreasing the incidence of nosocomial sepsis., METHODS: In a pilot prospective randomized study on preterm (<32 weeks gestation and 1500 g weight) infants, we compared OPAMM practice (applying 0.2 mL of mother's colostrum or milk prior to gavage feeding until full oral feeding is reached) with regular gavage feeding. The primary outcome was incidence of culture-proven nosocomial sepsis. Secondary outcomes included bacterial colonization of the gastrointestinal tract, feeding intolerance, time to reach full feeding, incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis, ventilator-associated pneumonia, duration of respiratory support, incidence of bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), length of hospital stay, and neonatal mortality., RESULTS: The outcomes of 200 neonates (100 in each group) were analyzed. OPAMM practice did not significantly reduce the incidence of culture proven nosocomial sepsis (8% vs 13%, P = 0.35). Infants in the OPAMM group had a significantly lower growth of Klebsiella species in the oropharyngeal pouch, borderline lower incidence of ventilator-associated pneumonia, shorter duration of oxygen therapy, less episodes of feeding intolerance, reached full feeding earlier, and had a shorter length of hospital stay. OPAMM practice did not affect the incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis, BPD, or neonatal mortality., CONCLUSION: OPAMM prior to gavage feeding does not reduce the incidence of nosocomial sepsis but had beneficial effects on early achievement of feeding, and early hospital discharge in preterm very low-birth-weight infants. Copyright © 2019 American Society for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition.
Acceptability and efficacy of ready-to-use therapeutic food using soy protein isolate in under-5 children suffering from severe acute malnutrition in Bangladesh: a double-blind randomized non-inferiority trial.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Globally, around 20 million children suffer from severe acute malnutrition (SAM). Identifying a more economical treatment for those affected has the potential to make treatment more available and improve prognosis for recovery and future health., DESIGN/METHODS: The double-blind randomized study compared taste acceptability (measured by the eagerness to eat) and efficacy of soy-based RUTF (S-RUTF) with milk-based RUTF (M-RUTF) in 6- to 59-month-old children suffering from SAM (WHZ < -3) at icddr,b, in Bangladesh. These SAM children were enrolled in the study after completion of their stabilization phase of treatment. Tolerance of test-RUTF was also tested during the efficacy trial., RESULTS: The cross-over taste acceptability study, conducted in 36 children, revealed similar results between products and an absence of side effects. The efficacy trial enrolled 260 children (130, each group) with similar baseline characteristics, including mean +/- SD age 15.0 +/- 8.0 months, WHZ - 3.41 +/- 0.40 and mid-upper arm circumference (MUAC) 11.1 +/- 0.7 cm. The features at the end of study by RUTF group were (in S-RUTF vs. M-RUTF, respectively): total days from enrollment: 44 +/- 34 versus 39 +/- 30; weight gain (kg): 0.698 +/- 0.438 versus 0.741 +/- 0.381 and rate of weight gain (g/kg/d): 3.9 +/- 3.2 versus 5.2 +/- 4.6; MUAC gain (cm): 0.9 +/- 0.7 versus 0.9 +/- 0.6; and improvement of WHZ: 1.12 +/- 0.82 versus 1.22 +/- 0.68 (all data were man +/- SD and none were significantly different between the groups). At enrollment and the end of intervention, the body composition [total body water (TBW): 70.3 +/- 3.2 vs. 69.9 +/- 3.5%, and fat: 11.0 +/- 4.0 vs.11.5 +/- 4.3% at baseline; and TBW: 65.5 +/- 4.1 vs. 65.9 +/- 4.6%; and fat: 16.8 +/- 5.2 vs. 16.2 +/- 5.8% in S-RUTF and M-RUTF group, respectively] was found similar. Moreover, the increment of total TBW, FM, and FFM was also observed similar between the groups., CONCLUSIONS: This is the first randomized trial comparing S-RUTF using soy protein isolate with milk-based RUTF including comparison of body composition. S-RUTF was found equally acceptable as of milk-based RUTF without any adverse event. Children receiving S-RUTF showed similar pattern of changes in anthropometric indices, and body composition as of milk-based RUTF. Greater number of SAM children can be managed in the community with comparatively low-cost soy-based RUTF., TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT01634009.
Effects of Targeted Versus Adjustable Protein Fortification of Breast Milk on Early Growth in Very Low-Birth-Weight Preterm Infants: A Randomized Clinical Trial.; BACKGROUND: Breast milk is preferred for the feeding of very low-birth-weight (VLBW) infants, but it does not meet nutrition requirements unless it is fortified. Adequate protein intake to maintain the growth of preterm infants cannot be provided by standard fortification methods because of variation in the protein content of human milk. Individualization is necessary to achieve target protein intakes. The goal of this study was to compare the effects of 2 different methods of individualized protein fortification of breast milk on the early growth of VLBW preterm infants., METHODS: In a prospective observational study, VLBW preterm infants <=32 weeks of gestational age were randomized into 2 groups according to the method of breast milk fortification. Anthropometric measurements were performed in both groups weekly for 4 weeks to compare their growth., RESULTS: During the trial period, the daily protein intake (targeted vs adjustable fortification groups) was (median [range]) 4.5 (4.4-4.6) vs 4.01 (3.5-4.4) g/kg/d (P = 0.001); the daily weight gains (g/d and g/kg/d; mean +/- SD) were 25.7 +/- 3.9 vs 22.2 +/- 6.4 g/d (P = 0.048) and 23.1 +/- 4.3 vs 18.7 +/- 4.3 g/kg/d (P = 0.014); and the weekly increase in head circumference was 9.8 +/- 1.5 vs 8.4 +/- 2.1 mm/wk (P = 0.040). All parameters were significantly higher in the targeted than the adjustable fortification group., CONCLUSIONS: Individualized protein fortification using the targeted method for VLBW preterm infants had more positive effects on short-term growth compared with the adjustable fortification method. Copyright © 2019 American Society for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition.
Effects of full-fat dairy products on subclinical vascular function in adults with elevated blood pressure: a randomized clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: High consumption of low- and non-fat dairy products improves vascular dysfunction associated with elevated arterial blood pressure (BP). Currently, it is unknown if conventional full-fat dairy products improve vascular functions., OBJECTIVES: To determine if adding whole milk and full-fat dairy products to the normal routine diet improves vascular function in adults with elevated BP., DESIGN: Sixty adults (age +/- SEM; 58 +/- 2 years) with elevated BP (systolic/diastolic; 120-159/ < 99 mmHg) were randomized into a controlled crossover intervention trial consisting of two 4-week dietary periods. The high dairy condition consisted of adding four daily servings of whole milk or full-fat dairy products to the normal diet and eliminated all dairy intake during the control (no dairy) condition. A 2-week washout period separated the dietary conditions., RESULTS: Carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity (cfPWV) did not differ significantly between high dairy (11.3 +/- 0.3 versus 10.9 +/- 0.3 m/sec) and no dairy conditions (11.2 +/- 0.3 versus 11.0 +/- 0.3 m/sec). The results were consistent when ultrasound-derived vascular distension measures (arterial compliance, beta-stiffness index, and elastic modulus) were evaluated. Cardiovagal baroreceptor sensitivity (via Valsalva maneuver) demonstrated no significant difference for either dietary condition. Brachial arterial flow-mediated dilation (FMD) did not differ significantly during the high dairy (5.7 +/- 0.5 versus 5.4 +/- 0.6%) and no dairy conditions (6.5 +/- 0.5 versus 5.6 +/- 0.6%)., CONCLUSIONS: The solitary addition of whole milk and full-fat dairy products has no effect on subclinical vascular function in adults with elevated BP.
Effects of low doses of fish and milk proteins on glucose regulation and markers of insulin sensitivity in overweight adults: a randomised, double blind study.; PURPOSE: To examine whether supplementation with low doses of fish or milk proteins would affect glucose regulation and circulating lipid concentrations in overweight healthy adults., METHODS: Ninety-three overweight adults were assigned to receive 2.5 g protein/day from herring (HER), salmon (SAL), cod (COD) or milk (CAS, a casein-whey mixture as positive control) as tablets for 8 weeks., RESULTS: Seventy-seven participants were included in the analyses. HER and SAL did not affect glucose and insulin concentrations. COD significantly reduced within-group changes in 90 and 120 min postprandial glucose concentrations but changes were not different from HER and SAL groups. CAS supplementation significantly reduced the area under the curve for glucose concentrations (- 7%), especially when compared to SAL group, and reduced postprandial insulin c-peptide concentration (- 23%). Reductions in acetoacetate (- 24%) and beta-hydroxybutyrate (- 29%) serum concentrations in HER group were more prominent compared to SAL and COD groups, with no differences between fish protein groups for alpha-hydroxybutyrate. Serum concentrations of alpha-hydroxybutyrate (- 23%), acetoacetate (- 39%) and beta-hydroxybutyrate (- 40%) were significantly reduced within CAS group, and the decreases were significantly more pronounced when compared to SAL group. Serum lipid concentrations were not altered in any of the intervention groups., CONCLUSION: Findings indicate that 2.5 g/day of proteins from fish or milk may be sufficient to improve glucose regulation in overweight adults. The effects were most pronounced after supplementation with proteins from cod, herring and milk, whereas salmon protein did not affect any of the measurements related to glucose regulation., CLINICAL TRAIL REGISTRATION: This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01641055.
Medium-chain fatty acids lower postprandial lipemia: A randomized crossover trial.; Epidemiological and interventional studies have linked saturated fatty acids (SFA) with elevated levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and increased CVD risk. However, the effects of the SFA chain length on postprandial lipemia in humans are not well elucidated. The aim of this study was to investigate the impact of short, medium and long-chain SFA on postprandial blood lipids in healthy volunteers. Sixteen healthy volunteers consumed test biscuits containing 40 g of either butter (BB), coconut oil (CB) or lard (LB) in a single-blinded, randomized crossover design. Blood samples were collected fasting and 2, 3, 4, and 6 hours postprandially and assessed for blood lipids (total cholesterol, TC; high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, HDL-C; LDL-C and triglyceride, TG). The postprandial TG response following CB was 59.8% lower than following BB (p < 0.01) and 58.8% lower than LB (p < 0.01), although no difference was observed between the BB and the LB responses. The net area under the LDL-C concentration curve was significantly larger after consumption of the CB compared to the BB, despite no significant differences in postprandial net area under the TC and HDL-C concentration curves. Consumption of medium-chain SFA as CB resulted in lower postprandial TG excursions compared to short-chain SFA as BB and long-chain SFA as LB, despite their identical fat and caloric content. These results suggest that SFA differ in their potential to elevate postprandial lipid levels, and that coconut oil, a rich source of medium-chain SFA may not be as hyperlipidemic as animal fats rich in long chain SFA. ANZCTR IDENTIFIER: 12617000903381. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRY NUMBER: The study was registered with the Australia New Zealand Trial registry as ACTRN12617000903381. Copyright © 2019 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
The healthy food marketing strategies study: design, baseline characteristics, and supermarket compliance.; Identifying effective strategies to promote healthy eating and reduce obesity is a priority in the USA, especially among low-income and minority groups, who often have less access to healthy food and higher rates of obesity. Efforts to improve food access have led to more supermarkets in low-income, ethnically diverse neighborhoods. However, this alone may not be enough to reduce food insecurity and improve residents' diet quality and health. This paper summarizes the design, methods, baseline findings, and supermarket in-store marketing strategy compliance for a randomized trial of the impact of healthy food marketing on the purchase of healthier "target" food items. Thirty-three supermarkets in low-income, high-minority neighborhoods in the metropolitan Philadelphia area were matched on store size and percentage of sales from government food assistance programs and randomly assigned to the intervention or control group. Healthy marketing strategies, including increased availability of healthier "target" products, prime shelf-placement and call-out promotion signs, and reduced availability of regular "comparison" products, were implemented in 16 intervention stores for an 18 month period for over 100 individual food items. Six product categories were studied: bread, checkout cooler beverages, cheese, frozen dinners, milk, and salty snacks. The primary outcome measure was weekly sales per store in each product category for 1 year preintervention and 18 months during the intervention. Compliance with the marketing strategies was assessed twice per month for the first 6 months and once a month thereafter. Store and neighborhood characteristics were not significantly different between control and intervention stores. Intercept surveys with customers to assess shopping habits and grocery marketing environment assessments to examine the food promotion environment were completed in the same six food categories. In intercept surveys, 51.0% of shoppers self-identified as overweight and 60.6% wanted to change their weight. Shoppers who typically purchased one type of food over another commonly did so out of habit or because the item was on sale. Findings revealed that preintervention sales of healthier "target" or regular "comparison" items did not differ between intervention and control stores for 1 year prior to intervention implementation. Rates of compliance with the healthy marketing strategies were high, averaging 76.5% over the first 12 months in all 16 stores. If healthy in-store marketing interventions are effective in this scaled-up, longer-term study, they should be translated into wider use in community supermarkets. Copyright © Society of Behavioral Medicine 2021. All rights reserved. For permissions, please e-mail: journals.permissions@oup.com.
Takeaway food in Chengdu, Sichuan province, China: Composition and nutritional value.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: The popularity of takeaway has caused health problems. To analyse the basic nutrients and composition of popular takeaway meals in Chengdu, China., METHODS AND STUDY DESIGN: We randomly collected 105 takeaway meals from takeaway platforms. The quality of ingredients such as grains, vegetables, and meat were assessed and weighed. The samples were then homogenised, and the nutrients were detected following the AOAC Official Methods of Analysis., RESULTS: Compared with Chinese and US dietary reference intakes, the average energy, protein, salt, fat, vitamin, and available carbohydrate contents exceeded dietary recommendations for one takeaway meal. By contrast, the whole grain, vegetable, fruit, dairy product, egg, mineral, and dietary fibre contents were insufficient. Food compositions and basic nutrients differed among takeaway meals prepared with various cooking methods and meats. Fried rice had the lowest nutritional value. The fried dish set meal had high energy density. The nutrient content of poultry takeaway meals was more balanced compared with other meals assessed, and salt and fat were excessive in mixed meat meals. In addition, meatless takeaway meals tended to have high fat content because of excess vegetable oil added for better taste., CONCLUSIONS: Takeaway meals should have lower contents of energy, fat, carbohydrate, and salt and higher contents of whole grains, vegetables, fruits, dairy products, and eggs. Attention should be paid to the high energy density of the fried dish set meal to prevent resultant health problems such as obesity. Consumers, takeaway outlets, and government agencies need to work together to address the health problems.
Effects of daily 24-gram doses of rice or whey protein on resistance training adaptations in trained males.; BACKGROUND: Large (48-g), isonitrogenous doses of rice and whey protein have previously been shown to stimulate similar adaptations to resistance training, but the impact of consuming smaller doses has yet to be compared. We evaluated the ability of 24-g doses of rice or whey protein concentrate to augment adaptations following 8 weeks of resistance training., METHODS: Healthy resistance-trained males (n = 24, 32.8 +/- 6.7 years, 179.3 +/- 8.5 cm, 87.4 +/- 8.5 kg, 27.2 +/- 1.9 kg/m2, 27.8 +/- 6.0% fat) were randomly assigned and matched according to fat-free mass to consume 24-g doses of rice (n = 12, Growing Naturals, LLC) or whey (n = 12, NutraBio Labs, Inc.) protein concentrate for 8 weeks while completing a standardized resistance training program. Body composition (DXA), muscular strength (one-repetition maximum [1RM]) and endurance (repetitions to fatigue [RTF] at 80% 1RM) using bench press (BP) and leg press (LP) exercises along with anaerobic capacity (Wingate) were assessed before and after the intervention. Subjects were asked to maintain regular dietary habits and record dietary intake every 2 weeks. Outcomes were assessed using 2 x 2 mixed (group x time) factorial ANOVA with repeated measures on time and independent samples t-tests using the change scores from baseline. A p-value of 0.05 and 95% confidence intervals on the changes between groups were used to determine outcomes., RESULTS: No baseline differences (p > 0.05) were found for key body composition and performance outcomes. No changes (p > 0.05) in dietary status occurred within or between groups (34 +/- 4 kcal/kg/day, 3.7 +/- 0.77 g/kg/day, 1.31 +/- 0.28 g/kg/day, 1.87 +/- 0.23 g/kg/day) throughout the study for daily relative energy (34 +/- 4 kcals/kg/day), carbohydrate (3.7 +/- 0.77 g/kg/day), fat (1.31 +/- 0.28 g/kg/day), and protein (1.87 +/- 0.23 g/kg/day) intake. Significant main effects for time were revealed for body mass (p = 0.02), total body water (p = 0.01), lean mass (p = 0.008), fat-free mass (p = 0.007), BP 1RM (p = 0.02), BP volume (p = 0.04), and LP 1RM (p = 0.01). Changes between groups were similar for body mass (- 0.88, 2.03 kg, p = 0.42), fat-free mass (- 0.68, 1.99 kg, p = 0.32), lean mass (- 0.73, 1.91 kg, p = 0.37), fat mass (- 0.48, 1.02 kg, p = 0.46), and % fat (- 0.63, 0.71%, p = 0.90). No significant between group differences were seen for BP 1RM (- 13.8, 7.1 kg, p = 0.51), LP 1RM (- 38.8, 49.6 kg, p = 0.80), BP RTF (- 2.02, 0.35 reps, p = 0.16), LP RTF (- 1.7, 3.3 reps, p = 0.50), and Wingate peak power (- 72.5, 53.4 watts, p = 0.76) following the eight-week supplementation period., CONCLUSIONS: Eight weeks of daily isonitrogenous 24-g doses of rice or whey protein in combination with an eight-week resistance training program led to similar changes in body composition and performance outcomes. Retroactively registered on as NCT04411173 .
Topical cream containing nanoparticles with vitamin E to prevent radiodermatitis in women with breast cancer: a clinical trial protocol.; OBJECTIVE: Little is known about the efficacy of products aiming to prevent radiodermatitis, which affects between 90-95% of women with breast cancer. The use of antioxidants is promising, however, there is a lack of evidenceon their effectiveness. Here, the authors present a clinical trial protocol to evaluate the effects of applying a cream containing nanoparticles with vitamin E to prevent radiodermatitis in patients with breast cancer., METHOD: The protocol recommends that 108 women with breast cancer, receiving radiotherapy, are included in this triple-blinded, randomized, controlled study at an oncology hospital. Patients will be divided in three groups of 36 individuals each: group A will receive a cream with lipid nanoparticles and vitamin E, group B will receive a cream without nanoparticles nor vitamin E, and group C will receive a cream with nanoparticles without vitamin E. The primary endpoints will evaluate the incidence, degree, and time of onset of radiodermatitis. The secondary endpoints will focus on the quality of life, symptoms, and local temperature. Patients will be assessed three times a week, from the start of their radiotherapy treatment to two weeks after the last session. This protocol was approved by the research ethics committee of the institutions involved and registered on an international trials database.
A Partly Fermented Infant Formula with Postbiotics Including 3'-GL, Specific Oligosaccharides, 2'-FL, and Milk Fat Supports Adequate Growth, Is Safe and Well-Tolerated in Healthy Term Infants: A Double-Blind, Randomised, Controlled, Multi-Country Trial.; This study investigated growth, safety, and tolerance in healthy infants consuming a partly fermented infant formula (IF) with postbiotics, 2'-linked fucosyllactose (2'-FL), a specific prebiotic mixture of short-chain galacto-oligosaccharides (scGOS) and long-chain fructo-oligosaccharides (lcFOS), and milk fat. This double-blind, controlled trial randomised 215 fully IF-fed infants <= 14 days of age to either: Test Group (IF) containing 26% fermented formula with postbiotics derived from Lactofidus fermentation process (including 3'-Galactosyllactose; 3'-GL), 0.8 g/100 mL scGOS/lcFOS (9:1), 0.1 g/100 mL 2'-FL, and milk fat), or Control group (IF with 0.8 g/100 mL scGOS/lcFOS (9:1)) until 17 weeks of age. Fully breastfed infants were included as a reference. Anthropometric measures, gastrointestinal symptoms, and safety were assessed monthly. Equivalence in weight gain (primary outcome) between the Test and Control groups was confirmed (difference in means -0.08 g/day; 90% CI (-1.47;1.31)) with estimated mean weight gain (SE) of 31.00 (0.59) g/day and 31.08 (0.60) g/day, respectively, (PP population, n = 196). Equivalence in length and head circumference gain between the randomised groups was also confirmed. No statistically significant differences were observed in adverse events or gastrointestinal tolerance between randomised IF groups. A partly fermented IF with postbiotics, specific oligosaccharides, 2'-FL, and milk fat supports adequate infant growth and is safe and well-tolerated in healthy term infants.
Individualized versus standard diet fortification for growth and development in preterm infants receiving human milk.; BACKGROUND: Human milk as compared to formula reduces morbidity in preterm infants but requires fortification to meet their nutritional needs and to reduce the risk of extrauterine growth failure. Standard fortification methods are not individualized to the infant and assume that breast milk is uniform in nutritional content. Strategies for individualizing fortification are available; however it is not known whether these are safe, or if they improve outcomes in preterm infants., OBJECTIVES: To determine whether individualizing fortification of breast milk feeds in response to infant blood urea nitrogen (adjustable fortification) or to breast milk macronutrient content as measured with a milk analyzer (targeted fortification) reduces mortality and morbidity and promotes growth and development compared to standard, non-individualized fortification for preterm infants receiving human milk at < 37 weeks' gestation or at birth weight < 2500 grams., SEARCH METHODS: We used the standard search strategy of Cochrane Neonatal to search the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL; 2019, Issue 9), in the Cochrane Library; Ovid MEDLINE(R) and Epub Ahead of Print, In-Process & Other Non-Indexed Citations, Daily and Versions(R); and the Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL), on September 20, 2019. We also searched clinical trials databases and the reference lists of retrieved articles for pertinent randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi-randomized trials., SELECTION CRITERIA: We considered randomized, quasi-randomized, and cluster-randomized controlled trials of preterm infants fed exclusively breast milk that compared a standard non-individualized fortification strategy to individualized fortification using a targeted or adjustable strategy. We considered studies that examined any use of fortification in eligible infants for a minimum duration of two weeks, initiated at any time during enteral feeding, and providing any regimen of human milk feeding., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Data were collected using the standard methods of Cochrane Neonatal. Two review authors evaluated the quality of the studies and extracted data. We reported analyses of continuous data using mean differences (MDs), and dichotomous data using risk ratios (RRs). We used the GRADE approach to assess the certainty of evidence., MAIN RESULTS: Data were extracted from seven RCTs, resulting in eight publications (521 total participants were enrolled among these studies), with duration of study interventions ranging from two to seven weeks. As compared to standard non-individualized fortification, individualized (targeted or adjustable) fortification of enteral feeds probably increased weight gain during the intervention (typical mean difference [MD] 1.88 g/kg/d, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.26 to 2.50; 6 studies, 345 participants), may have increased length gain during the intervention (typical MD 0.43 mm/d, 95% CI 0.32 to 0.53; 5 studies, 242 participants), and may have increased head circumference gain during the intervention (typical MD 0.14 mm/d, 95% CI 0.06 to 0.23; 5 studies, 242 participants). Compared to standard non-individualized fortification, targeted fortification probably increased weight gain during the intervention (typical MD 1.87 g/kg/d, 95% CI 1.15 to 2.58; 4 studies, 269 participants) and may have increased length gain during the intervention (typical MD 0.45 mm/d, 95% CI 0.32 to 0.57; 3 studies, 166 participants). Adjustable fortification probably increased weight gain during the intervention (typical MD 2.86 g/kg/d, 95% CI 1.69 to 4.03; 3 studies, 96 participants), probably increased gain in length during the intervention (typical MD 0.54 mm/d, 95% CI 0.38 to 0.7; 3 studies, 96 participants), and increased gain in head circumference during the intervention (typical MD 0.36 mm/d, 95% CI 0.21 to 0.5; 3 studies, 96 participants). We are uncertain whether there are differences between individualized versus standard fortification strategies in the incidence of in-hospital mortality, bronchopulmonary dysplasia, necrotizing enterocolitis, culture-proven late-onset bacterial sepsis, retinopathy of prematurity, osteopenia, length of hospital stay, or post-hospital discharge growth. No study reported severe neurodevelopmental disability as an outcome. One study that was published after our literature search was completed is awaiting classification., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: We found moderate- to low-certainty evidence suggesting that individualized (either targeted or adjustable) fortification of enteral feeds in very low birth weight infants increases growth velocity of weight, length, and head circumference during the intervention compared with standard non-individualized fortification. Evidence showing important in-hospital and post-discharge clinical outcomes was sparse and of very low certainty, precluding inferences regarding safety or clinical benefits beyond short-term growth. Copyright © 2020 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Effect of targeted vs standard fortification of breast milk on growth and development of preterm infants (<= 32 weeks): study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Human milk is recommended for all very low birth weight infants. Breastmilk is highly variable in nutrient content, failing to meet the nutritional demands of this group. Fortification of human milk is recommended to prevent extrauterine growth retardation and associated poor neurodevelopmental outcome. However, standard fortification with fixed dose multicomponent fortifier does not account for the variability in milk composition. Targeted fortification is a promising alternative and needs further investigation., METHODS: This randomized controlled trial will recruit preterm infants (<= 32 weeks of gestation) within the first 7 days of life. After reaching 80 ml/kg/day of enteral feeding, patients will be randomized to receive standard fortification (HMF, Nutricia) or targeted fortification (modular components: Bebilon Bialka, Nutricia-protein; Polycal, Nutricia-carbohydrates; Calogen, Nutricia-lipids). The intervention will continue until 37 weeks of post-conception age or hospital discharge. Parents and outcome assessors will be blinded to the intervention. The primary outcome measure is velocity of weight, length, and head growth until 36 weeks post-conceptional age or discharge. Secondary outcomes include neurodevelopment at 12 months assessed with Bayley Scale of Development III, repeated at 36 months; body composition at discharge and at 4 months; and incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis, sepsis, retinopathy of prematurity, and bronchopulmonary dysplasia., DISCUSSION: Targeted fortification has previously been shown as doable in the neonatal intensive care unit context. If it shows to improve growth and neonatal outcome, choosing the targeted fortification as a first line nutritional approach in very low birth weight infants may become a recommendation., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT03775785 , Registered on July 2019.
The role of yoghurt consumption in the management of type II diabetes.; Enrichment of yoghurt with specific ingrdients beneficially affects the management of Type II Diabetes Mellitus (DMII). As far as the role of yoghurt in the management of DMII is concerned, the limited number of randomized clinical trials (RCTs) which have been conducted suggest that daily intake of yoghurt enriched with vitamin D and/or calcium as well as probiotics positively influences glycemic regulation and may contribute to more effective control of the disease. It is argued that the various ingredients which are already contained in the complex matrix of food, such as bioactive peptides, calcium, B-complex vitamins and beneficial microbes, as well as the fact that it can be used as a vehicle for the inclusion of other effective ingredients can have an impact on the metabolic control of diabetic patients. The aim of this review is to present the RCTs which have been conducted in the last decade in patients with DMII in an attempt to highlight the positive effects of yoghurt in the management of the disease.
The effect of 0.5% topical timolol cream on regression of superficial infantile haemangioma in the involuting phase: a prospective, randomized, self-controlled study.; BACKGROUND: Infantile haemangiomas are the most common benign tumours affecting infants. Over time, the tumours may involute to some extent. However, sequelae, such as telangiectasia or fibrofatty tissue, often occur following this condition, which may cause disfigurement and influence patients' psychosocial development., OBJECTIVE: This prospective, randomized, self-controlled study aimed to assess the effects of topical timolol (0.5%) on involuting infantile haemangiomas., MATERIALS & METHODS: Each involuting superficial infantile haemangioma (n = 29) was randomly divided into two regions; one region was treated with topical timolol (0.5%) cream, three times daily, and the other region was untreated. The comparative treatments continued for three months. Five independent assessors, blinded to the treatment regimen, judged the treated and untreated regions by comparing photographs before and after treatment., RESULTS: The topical timolol-treated tumour sections showed no difference compared with the untreated sites (p = 0.355) after three months of treatment, and by the end of the treatment, the untreated lesions showed significant differences relative to pre-treatment (p<0.001)., CONCLUSION: Topical timolol was not observed to have any effect on the regression of infantile haemangiomas in the involuting phase.
Effects of Post-Exercise Whey Protein Consumption on Recovery Indices in Adolescent Swimmers.; Purpose: This study examined the effect of whey protein consumption following high-intensity interval swimming (HIIS) on muscle damage, inflammatory cytokines and performance in adolescent swimmers. Methods: Fifty-four swimmers (11-17 years-old) were stratified by age, sex and body mass to a whey protein (PRO), isoenergetic carbohydrate (CHO) or a water/placebo (H2O) group. Following baseline blood samples (06:00 h) and a standardised breakfast, participants performed a maximal 200 m swim, followed by HIIS. A total of two post-exercise boluses were consumed following HIIS and ~5 h post-baseline. Blood and 200 m performance measurements were repeated at 5 h, 8 h and 24 h from baseline. Muscle soreness was assessed at 24 h. Creatine kinase (CK), interleukin-6 (IL-6), interleukin-10 (IL-10) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) were measured in plasma. Results: No difference in 200 m swim performance was observed between groups. CK activity was elevated at 5 h compared to baseline and 24 h and at 8 h compared to all other timepoints, with no differences between groups. Muscle soreness was lower in PRO compared to H2O (p = 0.04). Anti-inflammatory IL-10 increased at 8 h in PRO, while it decreased in CHO and H2O. Conclusions: Post-exercise consumption of whey protein appears to have no additional benefit on recovery indices following HIIS compared to isoenergetic amounts of carbohydrate in adolescent swimmers. However, it may assist with the acute-inflammatory response.
Effect of urea cream on sorafenib-associated hand-foot skin reaction in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma: A multicenter, randomised, double-blind controlled study.; BACKGROUND: Hand-foot skin reaction (HFSR) is the most common adverse event during sorafenib treatment in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). In the present study, we aimed to investigate the role of urea cream in the prevention of HFSR or amelioration of HFSR severity., PATIENTS AND METHODS: Patients with HCC were treated with either placebo cream or urea cream for 12 weeks concomitantly with sorafenib treatment. HFSR development, the Hand-Foot Skin Reaction and Quality of Life (HF-QoL) questionnaire score, and adverse events were assessed at 2, 4, 8 and 12 weeks., RESULTS: Of the 288 patients, 247 patients, with 117 patients in the placebo control group and 130 patients in the urea cream group, were analysed. The urea cream group showed a trend towards a lower cumulative incidence of any-grade HFSR (log-rank, P = 0.247) and severe HFSR of grade II or higher (log-rank, P = 0.394) without statistical significance. In the incidence by time point, the incidence of severe HFSR of grade II or higher was significantly lower in the urea cream group than in the placebo control group at 2 weeks (13.8% versus 23.9%, P = 0.042). The urea cream group showed a significantly better HF-QoL questionnaire score than the placebo control group (11.8 versus 19.7, P = 0.014) at 12 weeks., CONCLUSIONS: Treatment with urea cream showed a lower incidence of severe sorafenib-induced HFSR at 2 weeks and reduced the tendency of HFSR development in HCC patients. Therefore, treatment with urea cream may be considered for prophylaxis or improvement of HFSR grade in HCC patients treated with sorafenib., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT03212625). Copyright © 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
A Partially Hydrolyzed Whey Infant Formula Supports Appropriate Growth: A Randomized Controlled Non-Inferiority Trial.; The aim of the current study was to investigate the effects of a partially hydrolyzed whey infant formula (PHF) on growth in healthy term infants as compared to a standard infant formula with intact protein (IPF). In a double-blind, non-inferiority, randomized controlled trial, a total of 163 healthy formula-fed infants, 55-80 days old, were recruited and randomly allocated to either the PHF (test) or the IPF (control) group. They were followed up for three months during which they were evaluated monthly on growth and development. In total, 21 infants discontinued the study, while 142 infants completed the study (test n = 72, control n = 70). The primary outcome was daily weight gain during the three months. Secondary outcomes included additional anthropometric indices at every timepoint over the intervention period. Daily weight gain during the three-month intervention period was similar in both groups with the lower bound of 95% confidence interval (CI) above the non-inferiority margin of -3 g/day [mean difference (95% CI) test vs. control: -0.474 (-2.460, 1.512) g/day]. Regarding secondary outcomes, i.e., infants' weight, length, head circumference, body mass index (BMI), and their Z-scores, no differences were observed between the two groups at any time point. The PHF resulted in similar infant growth outcomes as the standard IPF. Based on these results, it can be concluded that the partially hydrolyzed whey infant formula supports adequate growth in healthy term infants.
Acute effects of whey protein on energy intake, appetite and gastric emptying in younger and older, obese men.; BACKGROUND: Obesity is becoming more prevalent in older people. A management strategy in obese, young adults is to increase dietary protein relative to other macronutrients. It is not clear if this is effective in obese, older individuals. Obesity may be associated with diminished sensitivity to nutrients. We have reported that a 30-g whey protein drink slows gastric emptying more, and suppresses energy intake less, in older, than younger, non-obese men. The aim of this study was to determine the effect of a 30 g whey protein drink on energy intake, GE and glycaemia in obese, older and younger men., METHODS: In randomized, double-blind order, 10 younger (age: 27 +/- 2 years; BMI: 36 +/- 2 kg/m2), and 10 older (72 +/- 1 years; 33 +/- 1 kg/m2), obese men were studied twice. After an overnight fast, subjects ingested a test drink containing 30 g whey protein (120 kcal) or control (2 kcal). Postprandial gastric emptying (antral area, 2D Ultrasound) and blood glucose concentrations were measured for 180 min. At t = 180 min subjects were given a buffet meal and ad libitum energy intake was assessed., RESULTS: Older subjects ate non-significantly less (~20%) that the younger subjects (effect of age, P = 0.16). Whey protein had no effect on subsequent energy intake (kcal) compared to control in either the younger (decrease 3 +/- 8%) or older (decrease 2 +/- 8%) obese men (age effect P > 0.05, protein effect P = 0.46, age x protein interaction effect P = 0.84). Whey protein slowed gastric emptying, to a similar degree in both age groups (50% emptying time: control vs. protein young men: 255 +/- 5 min vs. 40 +/- 7 min; older men: 16 +/- 5 min vs. 50 +/- 8 min; protein effect P = 0.001, age effect P = 0.93, age x protein interaction effect P = 0.13)., CONCLUSIONS: Our data suggest that obesity may blunt/abolish the age-related effect of whey protein on suppression of energy intake.
Bifidobacterium bifidum TMC3115 ameliorates milk protein allergy in by affecting gut microbiota: A randomized double-blind control trial.; We aimed to explore the effects of Bifidobacterium bifidum TMC3115 intervention on cow's milk protein allergy (CMPA) and gut microbiota in infants. A total 256 CMPA infants were randomly and evenly assigned into an intervention group (B. bifidum) and a control group (placebo). Allergic scores, anti-inflammatory responses, and secondary outcomes were measured. Fecal specimens were collected, and the gut microbiota were analyzed by using 16S rDNA sequencing. After 6-month B. bifidum intervention, B. bifidum TMC3115 consumption reduced allergic scores, and improved anti-inflammatory responses and secondary outcomes in CMPA infants. LEfSe analysis showed Bifidobacterium, Lactobacillus, Turicibacter, Sutterella, and Parabacteroides were the most predominant phylum in the intervention group, whereas the Firmicutes (Anaerovibrio, Christensenellaceae, Oscillibacter, Bilophila, Dorea, and Roseburia) were most dominant phyla in the control group. Serum IgE or IgG2 had a strong relationship with alpha-diversity scores of gut microbiota. PRACTICAL APPLICATIONS: There is a high level of prevalence of milk allergy in infants, which is difficult to be treated. Bifidobacterium bifidum TMC3115 supplement reduced allergic scores, improved anti-inflammatory responses, and reduced serum level of IgE and increased the level of IgG2 in the infants. On the contrary, B. bifidum supplement increased the genus proportion of probiotics and reduced the proportion of pathogens. The improvement of gut microbiota will be beneficial in the prevention of milk allergy. B. bifidum TMC3115 reduces milk allergy in the infants by regulating gut microbiota, and should be developed a potential way in the prevention of infant milk allergy. Copyright © 2020 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Chamomile Gel versus Urea Cream to Prevent Acute Radiation Dermatitis in Head and Neck Cancer Patients: Results from a Preliminary Clinical Trial.; We assessed safety and potential efficacy of a chamomile gel compared with urea cream to prevent acute radiation dermatitis in head and neck cancer patients. We assessed safety and potential efficacy of the chamomile gel in escalating concentrations of 2.50%, 5.00% and 8.35% of chamomile. Concentration of 8.35% was chosen for a randomized trial comparing chamomile gel (8.35%) with urea cream (n = 24 per group), for potential efficacy to delay or prevent radiation dermatitis in these patients. Preliminary results demonstrate a delayed onset of dermatitis, with onset of Grade 2 dermatitis at 5.1 (1.3) weeks in the chamomile group and 4.5 (1.3) weeks in the urea group (effect size of 0.46). Itching, burning and hyperpigmentation were more frequently reported in the urea group. Results indicates a potential efficacy of the chamomile gel. Further studies are needed to confirm the effect of the chamomile gel in reducing or delaying the occurrence of radiation dermatitis.
Skim milk as a recovery beverage after exercise is superior to a sports drink for reducing next-day postprandial blood glucose and increasing postprandial fat oxidation.; We determined the effect of consuming low-glycemic index (LGI) skim milk compared to a high-glycemic index (HGI) sports drink following evening exercise on fat oxidation and blood lipids after a subsequent high-energy breakfast. We hypothesized that postexercise skim milk consumption, compared to sports drink, would increase fat oxidation and lower harmful blood lipid and glucose concentrations after a next-day high-energy breakfast. In this randomized counterbalanced crossover trial, 20 overweight-obese participants (body mass index >=25kg/m2) underwent 4 conditions: 90-minute exercise (50% Vo2peak) followed by sports drink (EX-HGI), exercise followed by isoenergetic skim milk (EX-LGI), exercise followed by water (Exercise), and a control condition (Control). The amount of the sports drink or milk consumed postexercise was based on the energy used during exercise plus 10%. Blood lipids, glucose, and fat oxidation were assessed before and for 6 hours after a high-energy breakfast the next morning. Fat oxidation was highest for EX-LGI (6.7+/-2.7g/h) and lowest for EX-HGI (6.0+/-1.8g/h) (condition main effect; P=.042). Triglyceride concentration and total area under the curve were higher with EX-HGI than Exercise (1.7+/-1.6 vs 1.3+/-1.0mmol/L, P=.037, and 11.7+/-9.4 vs 8.6+/-6.0mmol L-1h, P=.005, respectively). Glucose concentration was lower with EX-LGI than EX-HGI (4.1+/-1.1 vs 4.4+/-1.1mmol/L, P=.027). Homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance was higher with EX-HGI than Control (2.32+/-1.15 vs 1.86+/-0.97, P=.005). In conclusion, evening postexercise skim milk consumption, compared with a high-GI sports drink, significantly reduced blood glucose and possibly increased fat oxidation after a high-energy breakfast the next morning. Copyright © 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of whey protein on glycemic control and serum lipoproteins in patients with metabolic syndrome and related conditions: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials.; BACKGROUND: This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to assess the effects of whey protein on serum lipoproteins and glycemic status in patients with metabolic syndrome (MetS) and related disorders., METHODS: Online databases, such as Web of Science, Cochrane Library, PubMed and Scopus were systematically searched by two independent authors from inception until 30th April 2020 for English randomized clinical trials investigating the efficacy of whey protein administration in subjects with Mets or related conditions on the parameters of glycemic and lipid control compared to certain control. In order to evaluate the included studies' methodological quality, Cochrane Collaboration risk of bias tool was applied. Using Cochrane's Q test and I-square (I2) statistic, the included trials' heterogeneity was also examined. Using a random-effects model, data were pooled, and weighted mean difference (WMD) was considered as the overall effect size., RESULTS: Twenty-two studies were selected to be included in this meta-analysis. Consumption of whey protein resulted in significant reduction of HbA1c (WMD: -0.15; 95% CI: - 0.29, - 0.01) insulin (WMD: -0.94; 95% CI: - 1.68, - 0.21) and homeostasis model assessment-estimated insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (WMD: -0.20; 95% CI: - 0.36, - 0.05). A significant reduction in triglycerides levels (WMD: -17.12; 95% CI: - 26.52, - 7.72), total cholesterol (WMD: -10.88; 95% CI -18.60, - 3.17), LDL-cholesterol levels (WMD: -8.47 95% CI: - 16.59, - 0.36) and total cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol ratio (WMD: -0.26; 95% CI: - 0.41, - 0.10) was found as well., CONCLUSIONS: This meta-analysis suggests that supplementation with whey protein had beneficial effect on several indicators of glycemic control and lipid parameters in patients with MetS and related conditions.
Influence of a cholesterol-lowering strain Lactobacillus plantarum LP3 isolated from traditional fermented yak milk on gut bacterial microbiota and metabolome of rats fed with a high-fat diet.; L. plantarum LP3 isolated from traditinal fermented Tibetan yak milk has been identified as a potential probiotic candidate strain with high cholesterol-lowering activity. In this study, thirty Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats were randomly divided into three groups, including normal diet (NC), high-fat diet (HC), and high-fat diet + L. plantarum LP3 (HLp). The effects of L. plantarum LP3 on plasma lipid profile, gut bacterial microbiota, and metabolome induced by high-fat diet in rats were investigated. Results shown that L. plantarum LP3 administration was found to reduce the levels of total cholesterol, triglyceride, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and atherogenic index in the serum of high-fat diet rats. It also controlled the decrease of Bacteroidetes and increase of Firmicutes at the phylum level in gut microbiota induced by high-fat diet in SD rats and increased the diversity and relative abundance of intestinal flora in obese rats. In particular, the LP3 strain controlled the changes induced by the high-fat diet in the abundance of for Lachnospiraceae and Erysipelotrichaceae. We also further observed the beneficial regulatory effects of L. plantarum LP3 on changes in the levels of obesity-related metabolites. The biosynthesis of fatty acids, steroids, and bile acids and metabolism of linoleic acid, linolenic acid, and arachidonic acid were the main metabolic pathways adjusted by L. plantarum LP3 in obese rats, and the metabolic rates were similar to those observed in normal diet rats levels. The findings of this study provided useful information on the mechanism underlying the hypocholesterolemic effects of L. plantarum LP3 in the high-fat induced SD rat model with the perspective of modulation of gut microbiota and metabolites.
Evaluation of dietary pattern in early pregnancy using the FIGO Nutrition Checklist compared to a food frequency questionnaire.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the reliability and utility of the FIGO Nutrition Checklist to identify dietary and nutritional inadequacy in early pregnancy by comparing it against nutritional indicators and dietary quality indices (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension [DASH] score, Mediterranean Diet Score [MDS], and Dietary Quality Index-International [DQI-I]), derived by a locally validated food frequency questionnaire (FFQ)., METHODS: A prospective cohort study of healthy Chinese pregnant women randomly recruited between September 2017 and April 2018 at their first antenatal appointment. Women completed the FIGO Nutrition Checklist (translated into Chinese) and the FFQ. Spearman correlation was performed to examine association between the Checklist and dietary quality indices or food and nutrient intakes, calculated based on dietary data from the FFQ., RESULTS: Of 160 participants, 156 (97.5%) completed both the FIGO Nutrition Checklist and FFQ and were included. There were 148 (95%) women who reported at least one suboptimal dietary behavior using the Checklist. Checklist score was significantly associated with dietary quality indices (DASH rho=0.344, P<0.001; DQI-I rho=0.304, P<0.001; MDS rho=0.164, P=0.041). The Checklist question on fruit/vegetables was significantly associated with fiber, vitamin C, and fruit and vegetable intake as calculated from the FFQ (0.325 <= rho <=0.441, P<0.001). The question on dairy intake was significantly associated with intake of calcium, milk and dairy products captured via FFQ (0.576 <= rho <=0.655, P<0.001)., CONCLUSION: This study supports the use of the FIGO Nutrition Checklist to identify women with suboptimal dietary quality in early pregnancy. Copyright © 2020 The Authors. International Journal of Gynecology and Obstetrics published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics.
Estimates of Preterm Infants' Breastfeeding Transfer Volumes Are Not Reliably Accurate.; BACKGROUND: Adequate human milk nutrition is critical for infant growth and neurodevelopment; however, low milk transfer volumes are common when establishing preterm breastfeeding. Despite clinical assessments of milk transfer volumes at the breast being inaccurate, measurement of feed volume via test weighing is rarely carried out either routinely or in cases where infant weight gain is inadequate., PURPOSE: To assess the accuracy of the Preterm Breastfeeding Assessment Tool (PBAT) in determining transfer volumes and examine factors associated with PBAT accuracy., METHODS: Pre/postfeed weights were performed using electronic scales and PBAT scores recorded for 1186 breastfeeds in 60 preterm infants born less than 33/40 and 33 to 39/40 postmenstrual age. Measured milk intake volumes were converted to percent prescribed feed volume and compared with PBAT estimates of milk transfer., RESULTS: The PBAT is accurate in identifying when no milk is transferred at the breast but not in estimating transfer of half or the full prescribed volume (accuracy 26% and 47%, respectively). Wide ranges of transfer volumes (11-75 mL) were observed within and between infants, and for 20% of breastfeeds, no milk was transferred. Preterm Breastfeeding Assessment Tool accuracy decreased with each 1-week increase in birth gestation (odds ratio = 0.82; 95% confidence interval, 0.71-0.94; P = .004)., IMPLICATIONS FOR PRACTICE: When establishing breastfeeding, test weighing facilitates adequate nutrition by guiding appropriate complementary feeding. For mothers breastfeeding several times per day in preparation for discharge home, test weighing may offer a useful tool for developing maternal confidence in assessing milk transfer. Preterm Breastfeeding Assessment Tool is inaccurate in assessing preterm infants' milk transfer volumes when breastfeeding., IMPLICATIONS FOR RESEARCH: While studies have typically focused on medically stable infants, test weighing offers a useful tool to examine breastfeeding efficacy and inform nutritional management of preterm infants with complications such as chronic lung and cardiac disease.
Postprandial Triglyceride-Rich Lipoproteins from Type 2 Diabetic Women Stimulate Platelet Activation Regardless of the Fat Source in the Meal.; SCOPE: The aim of this study is to examine whether postprandial (PP) triglyceride-rich lipoproteins (TGRL) secreted after a moderate fat intake would activate platelets differently according to their fatty acid (FA) composition., METHODS AND RESULTS: In a parallel single-blind randomized trial, 30 women with type 2 diabetes are assigned a breakfast containing 20 g lipids from butter versus hazelnut-cocoa spread (HCS) rich in palm oil. Blood samples are collected at fasting and 4 h PP. FA composition of fasting and PP TGRL and their effects on the activation of platelets from healthy blood donors are assessed. Both breakfasts similarly increase plasma ApoB-48, plasma, and TGRL triglycerides (p < 0.05). TGRL mean diameter increases after both breakfasts and is greater after the butter breakfast. Both breakfasts are rich in palmitic acid, and the HCS breakfast contains 45% oleic acid. TGRL FA composition reflects the dietary FA composition. Pre-incubation of platelets with fasting and PP TGRL increases collagen-stimulated aggregation (p < 0.01 vs control). Fasting and PP TGRL similarly increase agonist-induced thromboxane B2 concentrations, and this effect is concentration-dependent for PP TGRL., CONCLUSION: PP TGRL from type 2 diabetic women after a palm-oil spread versus butter-based mixed meal induce similar acute in vitro platelet activation. Copyright © 2020 Wiley-VCH GmbH.
Fortified whey beverage for improving muscle mass in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a single-blind, randomized clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: The development of effective nutritional supports for patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases (COPD) is still challenging. This study was conducted to investigate the efficacy of daily consumption of fortified whey on inflammation, muscle mass, functionality, and quality of life in patients with moderate-to-severe COPD., METHODS: A single-blind, randomized trial study was performed on patients with COPD (n = 46). Participants in the intervention group (n = 23) daily received 250 ml of whey beverage fortified with magnesium and vitamin C for 8 weeks. Any changes in inflammatory cytokines (including interleukin- 6 (IL-6) and tumor necrosis factor (TNFalpha)) were the primary outcomes and the secondary outcomes were fat-free mass, handgrip strength, malnutrition, glutathione and malondialdehyde serum concentrations, and health-related quality of life (HRQoL). Body composition and muscle strength were measured by Bioelectrical Impedance Analysis (BIA) and hydraulic hand dynamometer, respectively. Fat-free mass index (FFMI) was also calculated., RESULTS: At the end of the study, 44 patients were analyzed. There were significant decreases in IL-6 concentrations in the intervention group compared to the control group. Also, FFMI, body protein, and handgrip strength increased significantly in the intervention group with significant changes between two groups. Moreover, improvement in health-related quality of life was observed in the intervention group compared to the control group. There were no significant changes in other study variables., CONCLUSIONS: This novel nutritional intervention decreased inflammatory cytokines levels, improved indices of skeletal muscle mass and muscle strength, and ultimately, increased HRQoL in patients with moderate-to-severe COPD. Thus, it is suggested to do further studies to assess the effects of nutrition intervention on COPD progression., TRIAL REGISTRATION: IR.SUMS.REC.1396.85 ( https://www.irct.ir/ ).
Effects of Whey and Pea Protein Supplementation on Post-Eccentric Exercise Muscle Damage: A Randomized Trial.; This randomized trial compared pea protein, whey protein, and water-only supplementation on muscle damage, inflammation, delayed onset of muscle soreness (DOMS), and physical fitness test performance during a 5-day period after a 90-min eccentric exercise bout in non-athletic non-obese males (n = 92, ages 18-55 years). The two protein sources (0.9 g protein/kg divided into three doses/day) were administered under double blind procedures. The eccentric exercise protocol induced significant muscle damage and soreness, and reduced bench press and 30-s Wingate performance. Whey protein supplementation significantly attenuated post-exercise blood levels for biomarkers of muscle damage compared to water-only, with large effect sizes for creatine kinase and myoglobin during the fourth and fifth days of recovery (Cohen's d > 0.80); pea protein versus water supplementation had an intermediate non-significant effect (Cohen's d < 0.50); and no significant differences between whey and pea protein were found. Whey and pea protein compared to water supplementation had no significant effects on post-exercise DOMS and the fitness tests. In conclusion, high intake of whey protein for 5 days after intensive eccentric exercise mitigated the efflux of muscle damage biomarkers, with the intake of pea protein having an intermediate effect.
Effect of High versus Low Dairy Consumption on the Gut Microbiome: Results of a Randomized, Cross-Over Study.; The influence of dairy on the gut microbiome has not been studied extensively. We performed a randomized cross-over study to analyze the effect of high dairy intake on the gut microbiome. Subjects were randomly assigned to a high-dairy diet (HDD) (5-6 dairy portions per day) and a low-dairy diet (LDD) (<=1 dairy portion per day) for 6 weeks with a washout period of 4 weeks in between both diets. The gut microbiome was assessed using 16S rRNA gene sequencing. Compositionality and functionality of the gut microbiome was assessed using Quantitative Insights Into Microbial Ecology (QIIME) and Phylogenetic Investigation of Communities by Reconstruction of Unobserved States (PICRUSt). Stool consistency was evaluated using the Bristol stool chart. In total, 46 healthy overweight subjects (BMI range 25-30 kg/m2) completed both intervention periods. During the HDD, there was a significantly higher abundance of the genera Streptococcus, Leuconostoc, and Lactococcus, and the species Streptococcus thermophilus, Erysipelatoclostridium ramosum and Leuconostoc mesenteroides (pFDR < 0.10). Furthermore, during the HDD, there was a significantly lower abundance of the genera Faecalibacterium and Bilophila, and the species Faecalibacterium prausnitzii, Clostridium aldenense, Acetivibrio ethanolgignens, Bilophila wadsworthia and Lactococcus lactis (pFDR < 0.10). There were eight subjects who became constipated during the HDD and these subjects all had a lower abundance of F. prausnitzii. This is the first cross-over study in which the effect of an HDD compared to an LDD on the gut microbiome has been studied. An HDD led to a significantly different composition of the gut microbiome, with a particularly lower abundance of F. prausnitzii and a higher abundance of S. thermophilus. Constipation was observed in several subjects during the HDD. Predicted metabolic pathways were not significantly altered due to an HDD.
Randomised Controlled Trial: Partial Hydrolysation of Casein Protein in Milk Decreases Gastrointestinal Symptoms in Subjects with Functional Gastrointestinal Disorders.; Unspecific gastrointestinal symptoms associated with milk consumption are common. In addition to lactose, also other components of milk may be involved. We studied whether the partial hydrolysation of milk proteins would affect gastrointestinal symptoms in subjects with functional gastrointestinal disorders. In a randomised, placebo-controlled crossover intervention, subjects (n = 41) were given ordinary or hydrolysed high-protein, lactose-free milkshakes (500 mL, 50 g protein) to be consumed daily for ten days. After a washout period of ten days, the other product was consumed for another ten days. Gastrointestinal symptoms were recorded daily during the study periods, and a validated irritable bowel syndrome-symptom severity scale (IBS-SSS) questionnaire was completed at the beginning of the study and at the end of both study periods. Blood and urine samples were analysed for markers of inflammation, intestinal permeability and immune activation. Both the IBS-SSS score (p = 0.001) and total symptom score reported daily (p = 0.002) were significantly reduced when participants consumed the hydrolysed product. Less bloating was reported during both study periods when compared with the baseline (p < 0.01 for both groups). Flatulence (p = 0.01) and heartburn (p = 0.03) decreased when consuming the hydrolysed product but not when drinking the control product. No significant differences in the levels of inflammatory markers (tumor necrosis factor alpha, TNF-alpha and interleukin 6, IL-6), intestinal permeability (fatty acid binding protein 2, FABP2) or immune activation (1-methylhistamine) were detected between the treatment periods. The results suggest that the partial hydrolysation of milk proteins (mainly casein) reduces subjective symptoms to some extent in subjects with functional gastrointestinal disorders. The mechanism remains to be resolved.
The effect of okra (Abelmoschus esculentus) on lipid profiles and glycemic indices in Type 2 diabetic adults: Randomized double blinded trials.; The aim of the present study was to investigate the effect of okra consumption on serum levels of lipid profiles and glycemic indices in Type 2 diabetic (T2D) patients. The present study was a randomized, double-blinded clinical trial, carried out in Kerman, Iran. Sixty T2D patients were randomized into intervention and control groups and received 10 g okra powder blended in 150 g conventional yogurt or conventional yogurt alone, along with dinner and lunch, for 8 weeks. Glycemic markers and lipid profile were assessed, as well as anthropometric measures, at the beginning and end of study. The findings showed that 8 weeks okra consumption resulted in a significant decrease in fasting plasma glucose (-15.61 +/- 19.44 vs. -3.40 +/- 24.78; p = .02), homeostatic model of assessment for insulin resistance (-1.17 +/- 1.61 vs. -0.14 +/- 1.64; p = .01), quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (0.01 +/- 0.007 vs. 0.00 +/- 0.01; p = .004), triacylglycerol (-22.30 +/- 32.46 vs. -3.86 +/- 30.57; p = .001), total cholesterol (-10.23 +/- 10.36 vs. -2.03 +/- 13.94; p = .004), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C; -8.15 +/- 10.01 vs. -2.31 +/- 9.37; p = .02), and LDL-C/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) ratio (-0.28 +/- 0.37 vs. -0.08 +/- 0.24; p = .01). No significant difference was observed between groups in HDL-C, glycated hemoglobin, fasting insulin levels, and anthropometric measures. The present study suggests that okra consumption can elicit improvements in lipid profile, as well as glycemic markers, among T2D patients. Copyright © 2020 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Whey protein supplementation reducing fasting levels of anandamide and 2-AG without weight loss in pre-menopausal women with obesity on a weight-loss diet.; BACKGROUND: Despite the importance of dairy proteins in modifying of metabolic abnormalities, no attention has been given to their effects on endocannabinoids., METHODS: A total number of 60 obese women were recruited in a 2-month randomized clinical trial. Following random allocation, they were assigned to one of the two groups: control (n = 30) and intervention (n = 30). Then, all the subjects followed a hypocaloric diet of 800 kcal below estimated energy needs. The intervention group received isocaloric weight-loss diet and whey protein powders (30 g/day). Baseline and 2-month fasting anthropometric, blood glucose, serum insulin, insulin resistance, lipid profile, AEA, and 2-AG were measured., RESULTS: The study groups were homogenous in terms of baseline characteristics (p > 0.05) except for MUFA intake (p = 0.021). There were no significant differences in energy and macronutrient intakes in the intervention group compared to the control group at the end of the study (p > 0.05). The results of the ANCOVA did not show significant reductions in body weight and BMI of the intervention group compared to the control group (p > 0.05); however, WC, body fat, FBS, AEA, 2-AG, total cholesterol, and triglyceride decreased and HDL-c significantly increased in the intervention group compared to the control group (p < 0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: In this study, the effects of simultaneous weight-loss diet and whey protein supplementation on the reduction of endocannabinoids were determined., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials IRCT2017021410181N8 . Registered on March 2017.
An Infant Formula with Partially Hydrolyzed Whey Protein Supports Adequate Growth and Is Safe and Well-Tolerated in Healthy, Term Infants: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Equivalence Trial.; The current study evaluates the safety and tolerance of a partially hydrolyzed whey protein-based infant formula (PHF) versus an in intact cow's milk protein formula (IPF). Breastfed infants were included as a reference group. In a multi-country, multicenter, randomized, double-blinded, controlled clinical trial, infants whose mothers intended to fully formula feed were randomized to PHF (n = 134) or IPF (n = 134) from <=14 days to 17 weeks of age. The equivalence analysis of weight gain per day within margins of +/-3 g/d (primary outcome), the recorded adverse events, growth and gastro-intestinal tolerance parameters were considered for the safety evaluation. Equivalence of weight gain per day from enrolment until 17 weeks of age was demonstrated in the PHF group compared to the IPF group (difference in means -1.2 g/d; 90% CI (-2.42; 0.02)), with estimated means (SE) of 30.2 (0.5) g/d and 31.4 (0.5) g/d, respectively. No significant differences in growth outcomes, the number, severity or type of (serious) adverse events and tolerance outcomes, were observed between the two formula groups. A partially hydrolyzed whey protein-based infant formula supports adequate infant growth, with a daily weight gain equivalent to a standard intact protein-based formula; it is also safe for use and well-tolerated in healthy term infants.
Effects of high-protein diet combined with exercise to counteract frailty in pre-frail and frail community-dwelling older adults: study protocol for a three-arm randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: The proportion of older citizens is increasing worldwide. A well-known syndrome in old age is physical frailty which is associated with a greater risk of disabilities in activities of daily living, greater reliance on in-home services, hospitalization, institutionalization, and premature mortality. The purpose of this study is to determine the effects of an intervention with high-protein diet alone or in combination with power training in pre-frail and frail old adults., METHODS: The study is a community-based assessor-blinded parallel randomized controlled trial (RCT), consisting of two phases. Phase 1 is a 1-month stabilization phase, where self-reliant community-dwelling adults + 80 years old will receive individual guidance regarding protein intake, to prevent the risk of negative protein balance prior to phase 2 and to only include participants who have reached the minimum recommended level of protein intake (1.0 g/kg/day) in the randomized controlled trial. Phase 2 is a 4-month RCT where 150 participants will be randomized into the following three arms: protein-only where participants will be provided with dairy products to increase their protein intake to 1.5 g/kg/day, protein + exercise where participants will be provided with the protein intervention in combination with power training two times a week, and recommendation group where participants will continue as in phase 1. Primary outcome is lower leg muscle power. Secondary outcomes include physical function and mobility, frailty status, muscle mechanical function, body composition, nutritional status, and health-related quality of life. The statistical analysis will include an intention-to-treat analysis of all randomized participant and per-protocol analysis of all compliant participants. The study hypothesis will be tested with mixed linear models to assess changes in the main outcomes over time and between study arms., DISCUSSION: The finding of this study may add to the knowledge about the beneficial effects of high-protein diet from dairy products combined with power training to counteract frailty in community-dwelling older adults. This may ultimately have an impact on the ability to live well and independent for longer., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT03842579 . Registered on 15 February 2019, version 1.
Efficacy and safety results of micellar water, cream and serum for rosacea in comparison to a control group.; BACKGROUND: Rosacea is a common inflammatory skin disorder with centrofacial erythema, flushing, telangiectasia, papules/pustules, and possible ocular or phymatous manifestation. Patients' skin is particularly sensitive to chemical and physical stimuli leading to burning, stinging, dryness, and skin tightness., OBJECTIVE: Dermatological evaluation of the efficacy and safety of skin care products designed for centrofacial erythema in rosacea patients, in comparison with a control group using objective measurements. Rosacea symptoms (itching, tension, warmth, burning, dryness) and quality of life were examined., METHODS: Sixty Caucasians with centrofacial erythema were enrolled in an 8-week prospective study, fifty of them exclusively using the study products (micellar water, cream, and serum) with ten participants randomly assigned to a control group. Patients were evaluated at baseline (V0), at 4 weeks (V1), and at 8 weeks (V2). Three-dimensional objective measurements (VECTRA R ) as well as standardized questionnaires were used., RESULTS: Results were compared with the control group. A significant reduction of 16% in skin redness as indicated by VECTRA R analysis was seen in the intervention group comparing V0-V2. Furthermore, rosacea-associated symptoms diminished by 57.1%, while life quality of affected patients within the intervention group improved by 54.5% comparing V0-V2, respectively., CONCLUSIONS: A skin care regime suitable for sensitive and redness-prone skin led to an enhanced clinical appearance, to a decrease of associated symptoms in rosacea patients, and to an improved life quality. Copyright © 2020 The Authors. Journal of Cosmetic Dermatology published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Effectiveness of Resistive Vibration Exercise and Whey Protein Supplementation Plus Alkaline Salt on the Skeletal Muscle Proteome Following 21 Days of Bed Rest in Healthy Males.; Muscle atrophy is a deleterious consequence of physical inactivity and is associated with increased morbidity and mortality. The aim of this study was to decipher the mechanisms involved in disuse muscle atrophy in eight healthy men using a 21 day bed rest with a cross-over design (control, with resistive vibration exercise (RVE), or RVE combined with whey protein supplementation and an alkaline salt (NEX)). The main physiological findings show a significant reduction in whole-body fat-free mass (CON -4.1%, RVE -4.3%, NEX -2.7%, p < 0.05), maximal oxygen consumption (CON -20.5%, RVE -6.46%, NEX -7.9%, p < 0.05), and maximal voluntary contraction (CON -15%, RVE -12%, and NEX -9.5%, p < 0.05) and a reduction in mitochondrial enzyme activity (CON -30.7%, RVE -31.3%, NEX -17%, p < 0.05). The benefits of nutrition and exercise countermeasure were evident with an increase in leg lean mass (CON -1.7%, RVE +8.9%, NEX +15%, p < 0.05). Changes to the vastus lateralis muscle proteome were characterized using mass spectrometry-based label-free quantitative proteomics, the findings of which suggest alterations to cell metabolism, mitochondrial metabolism, protein synthesis, and degradation pathways during bed rest. The observed changes were partially mitigated during RVE, but there were no significant pathway changes during the NEX trial. The mass spectrometry proteomics data have been deposited to the ProteomeXchange Consortium with the dataset identifier PXD006882. In conclusion, resistive vibration exercise, when combined with whey/alkalizing salt supplementation, could be an effective strategy to prevent skeletal muscle protein changes, muscle atrophy, and insulin sensitivity during medium duration bed rest.
Increased dairy product consumption as part of a diet and exercise weight management program improves body composition in adolescent females with overweight and obesity-A randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Exercise can improve body composition in adolescents and adults with overweight/obesity. Consumption of dairy foods, as part of a healthy lifestyle program, can also promote favourable body composition changes in adults with overweight/obesity. However, the few studies examining these combined effects on body composition in adolescents are inconclusive., OBJECTIVE: To determine whether increased dairy product consumption, as part of a lifestyle modification program featuring exercise training and dietary guidance promotes favourable body composition changes in adolescent females with overweight/obesity., METHODS: Fifty-four participants (age: 14.8 +/- 2.2y; BMI percentile: 95th +/- 6) assigned to three groups completed the study. There were two experimental groups: recommended dairy (RDa; n = 24) and low dairy (LDa; n = 22), and a no-intervention control group (Con; n = 8). RDa and LDa participated in a 12-week, eucaloric, lifestyle modification intervention consisting of mixed-mode exercise (3x/week), and nutritional counselling. RDa was provided 4 servings/day of dairy foods, while LDa and Con maintained habitually low intakes (0-2 servings/day). Body weight/composition, waist/hip circumference, cardiovascular fitness and food intake were assessed at weeks 0 and 12., RESULTS: Weight did not significantly change in any group. RDa significantly decreased fat mass (FM) and increased lean mass (LM) more than LDa and Con (FM: -1.3 +/- 2.1 kg, -1.1 +/- 2.0 kg, 0.8 +/- 1.8 kg; LM: 1.5 +/- 1.9 kg, 0.7 +/- 1.6 kg, 0.5 +/- 1.4 kg, respectively). LDa also significantly decreased FM and increased LM more than Con (P < .005; all interactions)., CONCLUSION: The inclusion of dairy foods in the diet of adolescent females with overweight/obesity, as part of a diet and exercise intervention, favourably improves body composition in the absence of weight loss. Copyright © 2020 World Obesity Federation.
Effects of soy milk consumption on gut microbiota, inflammatory markers, and disease severity in patients with ulcerative colitis: a study protocol for a randomized clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: Several strategies are recommended to alleviate clinical symptoms of ulcerative colitis (UC). Soy milk may affect UC through its anti-inflammatory properties. However, no study has examined the effects of soy milk consumption on gut microbiota and inflammatory biomarkers in patients with UC. The current study will be done to examine the effects of soy milk consumption on UC symptoms, inflammation, and gut microbiota in patients with UC., METHODS: This study is a randomized clinical trial, in which thirty patients with mild to moderate severity of UC will be randomly allocated to receive either 250 mL/day soy milk plus routine treatments (n = 15) or only routine treatments (n = 15) for 4 weeks. Assessment of anthropometric measures and biochemical indicators including serum concentrations of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin-1beta (IL-1beta), and interferon gamma (IFN-gamma) will be done at the study baseline and end of trial. In addition, the quantity of butyrate-producing bacteria including Clostridium cluster IV, Faecalibacterium prausnitzii, and Roseburia spp.; prebiotic bacteria including Lactobacillus spp. and Bifidobacteria spp.; and mucus-degrading bacteria including Akkermansia muciniphila, Bacteroides fragilis, and Ruminococcus spp., as well as calprotectin and lactoferrin levels, will be explored in fecal samples. Also, the Firmicutes to Bacteroidetes ratio which is of significant relevance in human gut microbiota composition will be assessed., DISCUSSION: Altered gut microbiota has been reported as an important contributing factor to inflammation in patients with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD). Soy milk contains several components such as phytoestrogens with potential anti-inflammatory properties. This product might affect gut microbiota through its protein and fiber content. Therefore, soy milk might beneficially affect systemic inflammation, gut microbiota, and then clinical symptoms in patients with UC., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials (www.irct.ir) IRCT20181205041859N1. Registered on 27 January 2019.
The "Yogurt" Technique for Descemet Membrane Endothelial Keratoplasty Graft Preparation: A Novel Quick and Safe Method for Both Inexperienced and Senior Surgeons.; PURPOSE: To describe and evaluate the efficacy and safety of a novel technique to prepare Descemet membrane endothelial keratoplasty (DMEK) donor grafts using a newly designed partial-thickness hinge punch., METHODS: The novel punch has a circular guarded blade missing 1 clock hour, creating an uncut hinge on the donor cornea. In addition, 2 straight cuts are made by the punch perpendicular to the edge of trephination toward the trabecular meshwork in the hinge area. After the donor corneoscleral rim is positioned endothelial side up, a partial-thickness trephination is performed avoiding any rotational movements. Descemet membrane is lifted from Schwalbe line in the hinge area, and DMEK graft is peeled after desired marking without further preparation., RESULTS: Three surgeons of different experience levels on DMEK (senior/independent/fellow) initially applied the new technique in 18 research corneas, divided into equal groups. Two failures in graft preparation were noted, defined as radial tears extending >=0.5 mm. The mean preparation time was 6.21 +/- 1.45 minutes. No statistically significant differences were noted in success rate, duration, and endothelial cell loss (ECL) between surgeons (P > 0.05). ECL was evaluated as an average of 5 readings on randomly selected graft areas, not including graft periphery. Fifteen additional research corneas were stripped by 1 single user in an eye bank setting. No tissue loss was recorded, whereas ECL and mortality rate remained unaffected after preparation (P = 0.64 and P = 0.72, respectively)., CONCLUSIONS: This new DMEK graft preparation technique, simulating the opening of a yogurt cup, seems to be a safe and an efficient method, providing shorter preparation time and low failure rates independent of surgeon's experience level.
Diet Quality and Associations with Food Security among Women Eligible for Indiana Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program-Education.; BACKGROUND: The diet quality among adults receiving nutrition education lessons through Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program-Education (SNAP-Ed) is currently unknown., OBJECTIVES: The objectives of this study were to characterize the diet quality of Indiana SNAP-Ed-eligible women; estimate their mean usual intake of fruits, vegetables, dairy, and whole grains compared to Dietary Guidelines for Americans (DGA) recommendations; and determine if these dietary outcomes differed by food security status., METHODS: SNAP-Ed paraprofessionals recruited participants from August 2015 to May 2016 for this secondary analysis of cross-sectional data collected as the baseline assessment for a randomized controlled trial. Participants were SNAP-Ed-eligible women aged >=18 y interested in nutrition education lessons. Dietary outcomes were assessed by one or two 24-h dietary recalls. The Healthy Eating Index (HEI)-2010 was used to characterize diet quality. Mean usual intake of food groups was estimated using the National Cancer Institute Method. Food security status was classified using the US Household Food Security Survey Module. Data were analyzed in October 2019., RESULTS: Mean +/- SEM HEI-2010 total score was 42 +/- 0.9 for the study sample. Mean +/- SE usual intake of servings of fruits (0.61 +/- 0.08 cups [144.32 +/- 18.93 mL]), vegetables [1.4 +/- 0.10 cups (331.2 +/- 23.66 mL)], dairy [1.5 +/- 0.11 cups (354.88 +/- 26.02 mL)], and whole grains [0.48 +/- 0.06 ounces (13.61 +/- 1.70 g)] did not differ by food security subgroup. Mean HEI-2010 total score was significantly higher by 4.8 +/- 2.0 points for the food-secure than for the food-insecure subgroup (P = 0.01). Mean HEI-2010 component scores were 1.1 +/- 0.5 points higher for whole grain (P = 0.01) and 1.0 +/- 0.5 points higher for dairy (P = 0.05) in the food-secure than in the food-insecure subgroup. The proportions of the study sample not meeting the DGA recommendations for food group intake were >=85% for both food-secure and -insecure subgroups., CONCLUSIONS: Indiana SNAP-Ed-eligible women reported poor diet quality, highlighting their need for nutrition interventions aiming to improve food security and diet as per DGA recommendations in low-income populations. Copyright © The Author(s) on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition 2020.
Early Weight Gain Forecasts Accelerated Eruption of Deciduous Teeth and Later Overweight Status during the First Year.; OBJECTIVES: To determine whether early diet and weight gain velocity have independent or interactive effects on deciduous teeth emergence and overweight status during the first year., STUDY DESIGN: Monthly measures of anthropometry and teeth eruption were collected during a 1-year trial (0.5-12.5 months) on formula-fed infants in which the type of randomized infant formula (cow milk or extensively hydrolyzed protein) diet significantly affected early (0.5-4.5 months) weight gain velocity. Generalized linear mixed models determined whether early diet and weight gain velocity had independent or interactive effects on timing and pattern of teeth eruption. Data from a trial on breastfed infants were used to explore effects of breast milk vs infant formula diets on teeth eruption and overweight status at 10.5 months., RESULTS: Independent of infant formula diet, velocities of weight gain had direct effects on the age of first deciduous tooth (P < .04) and number of erupted teeth over time (P < .002). Greater velocity of weight gain from 0.5 to 4.5 months caused earlier and more frequent eruption of deciduous teeth from 4.5 to 12.5 months. Exploratory follow-up analyses on the breastfed and formula-fed diet groups found early weight gain velocity (P = .001), but not diet or its interaction, had significant effects. Infants in the upper quartile for weight gain velocity had more primary teeth (P = .002), and a greater proportion of them were overweight (P < .001) at 10.5 months., CONCLUSIONS: Faster weight gain accretion forecasted accelerated primary teeth eruption and increased percentage of children who were overweight-risk factors for dental caries and obesity., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.govNCT01700205 [2012-2015] and NCT01667549 [2012-2015]. Copyright © 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
In sickness and in health: pivotal role of vitamin D.; Within the last several years, frequency of vitamin D testing has multiplied substantially all over the world, since it has been shown to have an important role in many diseases and conditions. Even though liquid chromatography - tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) has been identified as "gold standard" method for vitamin D measurement, most laboratories still use immunochemistry methods. Besides analytical problems (hydrophobicity, low circulating concentrations, ability to bind to lipids, albumins and vitamin D binding protein, presence of multiple vitamin D metabolites and variable ratios of 25(OH)D2 and 25(OH)D3 in the blood), vitamin D shows great preanalytical variability, since its concentration is drastically influenced by seasonal changes, exposure to sun, type of clothes or sun block creams. Vitamin D is mostly measured in serum or plasma, but new studies are showing importance of measuring vitamin D in pleural effusions, breast milk, urine, synovial fluid and saliva. Besides the main role in calcium homeostasis and bone metabolism, many studies linked vitamin D deficiency with cancer, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, fertility and many other conditions. However, even though initial observational studies indicated that supplementation with vitamin D might be beneficial in disease development and progression; first results of well-designed randomized controlled prospective studies did not find differences in frequency of cardiovascular events or invasive cancer between patients taking vitamin D supplementation compared to placebo. In the light of these recent findings, validity of excessive vitamin D testing remains an open question. Copyright Croatian Society of Medical Biochemistry and Laboratory Medicine.
Fast-track- recovery surgery with a whey-protein-infused carbohydrate-loading drink pre-operatively and early oral feeding post-operatively among surgical gynaecological cancer patients: study protocol of an open-labelled, randomised controlled trial.; INTRODUCTION: There has been growing evidence on the favourable outcomes of fast-track-recovery (FTR) surgery; to expedite recovery, minimise complications, and reduce the length of hospital stay for surgical patients. However, there is lack of evidence on the effectiveness of FTR in surgical gynaecological cancer (GC) patients. Most of the previous studies did not focus on feeding composition in the FTR surgery protocol. This study aims to determine the effectiveness of FTR feeding with a whey-protein-infused carbohydrate-loading drink pre-operatively and early oral feeding post-operatively on post-operative outcomes among surgical GC patients., METHODS/DESIGN: This open-labelled, randomised controlled trial (RCT) will randomly allocate patients into intervention and control groups. Ambulated Malaysian aged over 18 years and scheduled for elective surgery for (suspected) GC, will be included in this study. The intervention group will be given whey-protein-infused carbohydrate-loading drinks on the evening before their operation and 3 h before their operation as well as started on early oral feeding 4 h post-operatively. The control group will be fasted overnight pre-operation and only allowed plain water, and return to a normal diet is allowed when bowel sounds return post-operatively. The primary outcomes of study are length of post-operative hospital stay, length of clear-fluid tolerance, solid-food tolerance and bowel function. Additional outcome measures are changes in nutritional status, biochemical profile and functional status. Data will be analysed on an intention-to-treat basis., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, ID: NCT03667755. Retrospectively registered on 12 September 2018; Protocol version: version 3 dated 27 September 2017.
Coaching patients to be active, informed partners in their health.; In this issue, the article "A Physician Communication Coaching Program," by McDaniel and colleagues (see record 2020-40858-007), addresses this untenable situation through the coaching of physicians as part of continuing medical education. The coaching program hopes to explode the traditional paradigm of physician-patient interaction. An alternative paradigm is the philosophy of health coaching. While McDaniel et al. (2020) describe coaching physicians, the new paradigm involves coaching patients. Health coaching can be summed up in the adage: "Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach him how to fish and you feed him for a lifetime." Coaching is teaching "how to fish" by assisting patients to gain the knowledge, skills, and confidence to become informed, active participants in their care (Ghorob & Bodenheimer, 2013). Rather than telling patients what to do, coaching asks patients what they are willing and able to do to improve their health, meeting them where they are. Perhaps a patient with diabetes eats a pint of ice cream every night and cannot give it up. Rather than threatening, scolding, or imploring, physicians and other health personnel engage in a discussion of an action plan that the patient agrees to-perhaps eating only a half-pint of ice cream each night. Success with the realistic action plan breeds more success and eventually the ice cream becomes a rare treat. Randomized controlled trials demonstrate that this approach-compared with traditional care- significantly improves HbA1c levels in patients with diabetes (Thom et al., 2013; Willard-Grace et al., 2015). (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2020 APA, all rights reserved).
Effect of dairy consumption and its fat content on glycemic control and cardiovascular disease risk factors in patients with type 2 diabetes: a randomized controlled study.; BACKGROUND: Dietary Guidelines for Americans recommend the consumption of 3 servings/d of low-fat/nonfat dairy. The effects of higher dairy consumption and its fat content are unknown in patients with type 2 diabetes., OBJECTIVE: Evaluate the impact of higher consumption of high- compared with low-fat dairy on glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), body weight, and cardiovascular disease risk factors in patients with type 2 diabetes., METHODS: We enrolled 111 subjects with type 2 diabetes (aged 58.5 +/- 8.9 y, 47% females, diabetes duration 13.2 +/- 8.3 y, HbA1c 8.09 +/- 0.96%) who consumed <3 servings of dairy/d. We randomly assigned them into 3 groups: control group maintained baseline dairy intake, low-fat (LF) group incorporated >=3 servings/d of LF dairy, and the high-fat (HF) group incorporated >=3 servings/d of HF dairy. We evaluated HbA1c, body weight, BMI, body composition parameters, blood pressure (BP), lipid parameters, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and total energy and macronutrient intake at baseline, and after 12 and 24 wk., RESULTS: At 24 wk, percent energy from saturated fat increased from baseline in the HF group by 3.6%, (95% CI: 2.2, 5.1) and decreased in the LF group by -1.9% (95% CI: -3.3, -0.4). The LF group increased their percent energy from protein by 4.5% (95% CI: 2.6, 6.4), whereas the HF group decreased their percent energy from carbohydrates by -3.4% (95% CI: -0.2, -6.7). There were no differences in the mean changes in HbA1c, body weight, BMI, body composition or lipid parameters, or BP between the 3 groups at 24 wk., CONCLUSION: In patients with type 2 diabetes, increased dairy consumption to >=3 servings/d compared with <3 servings/d, irrespective of its fat content, while maintaining energy intake has no effect on HbA1c, body weight, body composition, lipid profile, or BP. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02895867. Copyright © The Author(s) on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition 2020.
Biochar amendment mitigates greenhouse gases emission and global warming potential in dairy manure based silage corn in boreal climate.; About 11% of the global anthropogenic greenhouse gases (GHGs) emissions result from agricultural practices. Dairy manure (DM) application to soil is regarded as a best management practice due to C sequestration and improvement of soil physiochemical properties. However, GHGs emissions from the soil following the DM application could offset its advantages. Biochar (BC) is known to affect N transformation and GHGs emissions from soil. There had been considerably less focus on the BC amendment and its effects on GHGs emissions following DM application under field conditions. The objectives of this study were; i) to determine the temporal patterns and cumulative GHGs fluxes following DM and inorganic nitrogen (IN) application and, ii) to investigate BC amendment impact on DMY, GWP, direct N2O emission factor (EFd) and the response of CH4 emissions (RC) in DM based silage corn. To achieve these objectives a two-year field experiment was conducted with these treatments: 1) DM with high N conc. (DM1: 0.37% N); 2) DM with low N conc. (DM2: 0.13% N); 3) IN; 4) DM1+BC; 5) DM2+BC; 6) IN + BC; and 7) Control (N0); and were laid out in randomized complete block design with four replications. BC amendment to DM1, DM2 and IN significantly reduced cumulative CO2 emission by 16, 25.5 and 26.5%, CH4 emission by 184, 200 and 293% and N2O emission by 95, 86 and 93% respectively. It also reduced area-scaled and yield-scaled GWP, EFd, RC and enhanced DMY. Thus, BC application showed great potential to offset the negative effects of DM application i.e GHGs emissions from the silage corn cropping system. Further research is needed to evaluate soil organic carbon and nitrogen dynamics (substrates for GHG emissions) after DM and BC application on various soil types and cropping systems under field conditions. Crown Copyright © 2020. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Very-Low-Calorie Ketogenic Diets With Whey, Vegetable, or Animal Protein in Patients With Obesity: A Randomized Pilot Study.; CONTEXT: We compared the efficacy, safety, and effect of 45-day isocaloric very-low-calorie ketogenic diets (VLCKDs) incorporating whey, vegetable, or animal protein on the microbiota in patients with obesity and insulin resistance to test the hypothesis that protein source may modulate the response to VLCKD interventions., SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Forty-eight patients with obesity (19 males and 29 females, homeostatic model assessment (HOMA) index >= 2.5, aged 56.2 +/- 6.1 years, body mass index [BMI] 35.9 +/- 4.1 kg/m2) were randomly assigned to three 45-day isocaloric VLCKD regimens (<=800 kcal/day) containing whey, plant, or animal protein. Anthropometric indexes; blood and urine chemistry, including parameters of kidney, liver, glucose, and lipid metabolism; body composition; muscle strength; and taxonomic composition of the gut microbiome were assessed. Adverse events were also recorded., RESULTS: Body weight, BMI, blood pressure, waist circumference, HOMA index, insulin, and total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol decreased in all patients. Patients who consumed whey protein had a more pronounced improvement in muscle strength. The markers of renal function worsened slightly in the animal protein group. A decrease in the relative abundance of Firmicutes and an increase in Bacteroidetes were observed after the consumption of VLCKDs. This pattern was less pronounced in patients consuming animal protein., CONCLUSIONS: VLCKDs led to significant weight loss and a striking improvement in metabolic parameters over a 45-day period. VLCKDs based on whey or vegetable protein have a safer profile and result in a healthier microbiota composition than those containing animal proteins. VLCKDs incorporating whey protein are more effective in maintaining muscle performance. Copyright © Endocrine Society 2020. All rights reserved. For permissions, please e-mail: journals.permissions@oup.com.
Mepitel Film is superior to Biafine cream in managing acute radiation-induced skin reactions in head and neck cancer patients: a randomised intra-patient controlled clinical trial.; INTRODUCTION: We previously showed that Mepitel Film decreased the severity of acute radiation-induced skin reactions in head and neck cancer patients. In the current study, we compared the effect of Mepitel Film and Biafine cream on skin reaction severity in a larger cohort of head and neck cancer patients., METHODS: A total of 44 head and neck cancer patients were recruited with 39 patients contributing full data sets for analysis. Patients received a dose of 50 Gy in 25 fractions to the bilateral lymph nodes in the neck. Left and right lymph node areas were randomised to either Mepitel Film or Biafine cream, applied prophylactically. Skin reaction severity was measured using Radiation-Induced Skin Reaction Assessment Scale (RISRAS) and expanded Radiation Oncology group (RTOG) grades. Skin dose was measured using gafchromic Film., RESULTS: Skin reaction severity (combined RISRAS score) underneath Mepitel Film was decreased by 30% (P < 0.001) and moist desquamation rates by 41% (P < 0.001). Skin dose underneath Mepitel Film and Biafine cream was similar (P = 0.925) and unlikely to have affected skin reaction severity. The vast majority (80%) of patients preferred Mepitel Film over Biafine cream. Negative aspects of Mepitel Film included poor adherence (11/39) and discomfort (16/39) during hot weather and showering and itchy skin underneath Mepitel Film (12/39)., CONCLUSIONS: Mepitel Film was superior to Biafine cream in reducing the severity of acute radiation-induced skin reactions and moist desquamation incidence in our head and neck patient cohort. Copyright © 2020 The Authors. Journal of Medical Radiation Sciences published by John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd on behalf of Australian Society of Medical Imaging and Radiation Therapy and New Zealand Institute of Medical Radiation Technology.
Kefir peptides alleviate high-fat diet-induced atherosclerosis by attenuating macrophage accumulation and oxidative stress in ApoE knockout mice.; In the past decade, the high morbidity and mortality of atherosclerotic disease have been prevalent worldwide. High-fat food consumption has been suggested to be an overarching factor for atherosclerosis incidence. This study aims to investigate the effects of kefir peptides on high-fat diet (HFD)-induced atherosclerosis in apolipoprotein E knockout (ApoE-/-) mice. 7-week old male ApoE-/- and normal C57BL/6 mice were randomly divided into five groups (n = 8). Atherosclerotic lesion development in ApoE-/- mice was established after fed the HFD for 12 weeks compared to standard chow diet (SCD)-fed C57BL/6 and ApoE-/- control groups. Kefir peptides oral administration significantly improved atherosclerotic lesion development by protecting against endothelial dysfunction, decreasing oxidative stress, reducing aortic lipid deposition, attenuating macrophage accumulation, and suppressing the inflammatory immune response compared with the HFD/ApoE-/- mock group. Moreover, the high dose of kefir peptides substantially inhibited aortic fibrosis and restored the fibrosis in the aorta root close to that observed in the C57BL/6 normal control group. Our findings show, for the first time, anti-atherosclerotic progression via kefir peptides consumption in HFD-fed ApoE-/- mice. The profitable effects of kefir peptides provide new perspectives for its use as an anti-atherosclerotic agent in the preventive medicine.
Phytosterols Supplementation Reduces Endothelin-1 Plasma Concentration in Moderately Hypercholesterolemic Individuals Independently of Their Cholesterol-Lowering Properties.; Experimental and clinical studies have demonstrated the effect of phytosterols (PS) on reducing plasma levels of cholesterol and LDL-c, but the effects of plant sterols beyond cholesterol-lowering are still questionable. Since inflammation and endothelial dysfunction are involved in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis, this study aims to evaluate the effect of PS on biomarkers involved in atherosclerosis progression and whether these effects are independent of alterations in plasma LDL-c levels. Thirty-eight moderately hypercholesterolemic volunteers (58 +/- 12 years; LDL-c >= 130 mg/dL) were randomly assigned to consume 400 mL/day of soy milk or soy milk + PS (1.6 g/day) for 4 weeks in a double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over study. Blood samples were collected and lipid profiles and biomarkers for inflammation and endothelial dysfunction determined. The results showed that PS treatment reduced endothelin-1 plasma concentration by 11% (p = 0.02) independently of variations in plasma levels of LDL-c. No alterations were observed regarding fibrinogen, IL-6, hs-CRP, SAA, TNFalpha, or VCAM-1 between placebo and PS-treated groups. Furthermore, PS reduced total plasma cholesterol concentration (-5,5%, p < 0.001), LDL-c (-6.4%, p < 0.05), triglycerides (-8.3%, p < 0.05), and apo B (-5.3%, p < 0.05), without changing HDL-c concentration (p > 0.05). Therefore, PS supplementation effectively lowers endothelin-1 independently of the reductions in plasma levels of LDL-c, contributing to the comprehension of the effect of plant sterols on endothelial function and prevention of cardiovascular diseases.
Blood cadmium levels and sources of exposure in an adult urban population in southern Brazil.; BACKGROUND: Cadmium (Cd) is a toxic metal that is widely present in the environment due to geologic and anthropogenic sources. Exposures to high Cd levels may cause nephrotoxicity, carcinogenicity, pulmonary and cardiovascular disease, among others. The goal of this study was to investigate in an adult urban population whether an association exists between sources and levels of Cd exposure and blood Cd concentrations., METHODS: Using a census-based design, a total of 959 adults, aged 40 years or older, were randomly selected. Information on socio-demographics, dietary, and lifestyle background was obtained by household interviews. Blood Cd levels were measured by inductively coupled-plasma mass spectrometry. Geometric means (GM) (95% CI) and the 50th percentile were determined, stratified by sex, age, race, education, income class, smoking status, consumption of vegetables, red meat and milk, occupation and blood pressure. To assess the association between Cd exposure and the aforementioned variables, we estimated the geometric mean ratio (GMR) (95%CI) of blood Cd concentrations., RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: The geometric mean (95%CI) of blood Cd levels in the total population was 0.25 (0.22, 0.27) ug/dL. In a univariate analysis, significantly higher blood Cd levels were found in men (p < 0.001), current and former smokers (p < 0.001), alcohol drinkers (p < 0.001), those who never or almost never consumed milk (p < 0.001), and in subjects with higher diastolic blood pressure (p = 0.03). Significant correlations were found between the number of cigarettes consumed daily and blood Cd levels. Multivariate analysis confirmed higher blood Cd concentrations were associated with alcohol consumption (GMR 95%CI = 1.28, 1.04-1.59) and in former and current smokers (GMR 95% IC = 1.33, 1.06-1.67 and 4.23, 3.24-5.52, respectively). Our results shed novel information on variables associated with blood Cd levels in an urban Brazilian population, and should encourage additional research to prevent environmental Cd exposure, both in Brazil and globally. Copyright © 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Protein quality in ready-to-use supplementary foods for moderate wasting.; There are no guidelines for the optimal protein quality of ready-to-supplementary food (RUSF) for moderate acute malnutrition (MAM). This randomized, controlled, double-blinded, clinical effectiveness trial evaluated two RUSFs in the treatment of MAM. Both foods contained greater than 7% dairy protein, but the protein-optimized RUSF had a calculated digestible indispensable amino acid score (DIAAS) of 95%, whereas the control RUSF had a calculated DIAAS of 63%. There were 1,737 rural Malawian children 6-59 months of age treated with 75 kcal/kg/day of either control or protein quality-optimized RUSF for up to 12 weeks. There was no difference in the proportion of children who recovered from MAM between the group that received protein-optimized RUSF (759/860, 88%) and the group that received control RUSF (766/877, 87%, difference 1%, 95% CI, -2.1 to 4.1, p = 0.61). There were no differences in time to recovery or average weight gain; nor were adverse effects reported. Both RUSFs showed indistinguishable clinical outcomes, with recovery rates higher than typically seen in treatment for MAM. The DIAAS of these two RUSFs was measured using a pig model. Unexpectedly, the protein quality of the optimized RUSF was inferior to the control RUSF: DIAAS = 82% for the protein quality optimized RUSF and 96% for control RUSF. The controlled conditions of this trial suggest that in supplementary food products for MAM, protein quality is not an independent predictor of clinical effectiveness. Copyright © 2020 The Authors. Maternal & Child Nutrition published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Association of dairy consumption with metabolic syndrome, hypertension and diabetes in 147 812 individuals from 21 countries.; OBJECTIVE: Our aims were to assess the association of dairy intake with prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) (cross-sectionally) and with incident hypertension and incident diabetes (prospectively) in a large multinational cohort study., METHODS: The Prospective Urban Rural Epidemiology (PURE) study is a prospective epidemiological study of individuals aged 35 and 70 years from 21 countries on five continents, with a median follow-up of 9.1 years. In the cross-sectional analyses, we assessed the association of dairy intake with prevalent MetS and its components among individuals with information on the five MetS components (n=112 922). For the prospective analyses, we examined the association of dairy with incident hypertension (in 57 547 individuals free of hypertension) and diabetes (in 131 481 individuals free of diabetes)., RESULTS: In cross-sectional analysis, higher intake of total dairy (at least two servings/day compared with zero intake; OR 0.76, 95% CI 0.71 to 0.80, p-trend<0.0001) was associated with a lower prevalence of MetS after multivariable adjustment. Higher intakes of whole fat dairy consumed alone (OR 0.72, 95% CI 0.66 to 0.78, p-trend<0.0001), or consumed jointly with low fat dairy (OR 0.89, 95% CI 0.80 to 0.98, p-trend=0.0005), were associated with a lower MetS prevalence. Low fat dairy consumed alone was not associated with MetS (OR 1.03, 95% CI 0.77 to 1.38, p-trend=0.13). In prospective analysis, 13 640 people with incident hypertension and 5351 people with incident diabetes were recorded. Higher intake of total dairy (at least two servings/day vs zero serving/day) was associated with a lower incidence of hypertension (HR 0.89, 95% CI 0.82 to 0.97, p-trend=0.02) and diabetes (HR 0.88, 95% CI 0.76 to 1.02, p-trend=0.01). Directionally similar associations were found for whole fat dairy versus each outcome., CONCLUSIONS: Higher intake of whole fat (but not low fat) dairy was associated with a lower prevalence of MetS and most of its component factors, and with a lower incidence of hypertension and diabetes. Our findings should be evaluated in large randomized trials of the effects of whole fat dairy on the risks of MetS, hypertension, and diabetes. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2020. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Effects of dairy products consumption on inflammatory biomarkers among adults: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.; AIMS: This study aimed to summarize earlier studies on the effects of dairy consumption on inflammatory biomarkers in adults and to quantify these effects through meta-analysis., DATA SYNTHESIS: A comprehensive search of all relevant articles, published up to December 2019 indexed in PubMed, ISI (Institute for Scientific Information), EmBase, Scopus, and Google Scholar was done using relevant keywords. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that examined the effect of dairy products consumption, compared with low or no dairy intake, on inflammatory biomarkers in adults were included. Overall, 11 RCTs with 663 participants were included in this meta-analysis. We found that high consumption of dairy products, compared with low or no dairy intake, might significantly reduce CRP [weighed mean difference (WMD): -0.24 mg/L; 95% CI, -0.35, -0.14], TNF-alpha (WMD:- 0.66 pg/mL; 95% CI, -1.23, -0.09), IL-6 (WMD: -0.74 pg/mL; 95% CI, -1.36, -0.12), and MCP concentrations (WMD: -25.58 pg/mL; 95% CI, -50.31, -0.86). However, when the analyses were confined to cross-over trials, no such beneficial effects of dairy intake on inflammation were observed. In addition, high dairy intake might result in increased adiponectin levels (WMD: 2.42 mug/mL; 95% CI, 0.17, 4.66). No significant effect of dairy consumption on serum leptin (WMD: -0.32 ng/mL; 95% CI, -3.30, 2.65), ICAM-1 (WMD: -3.38 ng/ml; 95% CI, -15.57, 8.96) and VCAM-1 (WMD: 3.1 ng/mL; 95% CI, -21.38, 27.58) levels was observed., CONCLUSIONS: In summary, the current meta-analysis indicated that dairy intake might improve several inflammatory biomarkers in adults. In most subgroups without heterogeneity, effects tended to be null. Study design and participants' age were the main sources of heterogeneity. More research, with a particular focus on fat content of dairy foods, is recommended. Copyright © 2020 The Italian Society of Diabetology, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition, and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The effect of lactoferrin supplementation on death or major morbidity in very low birthweight infants (LIFT): a multicentre, double-blind, randomised controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Very low birthweight or preterm infants are at increased risk of adverse outcomes including sepsis, necrotising enterocolitis, and death. We assessed whether supplementing the enteral diet of very low-birthweight infants with lactoferrin, an antimicrobial protein, reduces all-cause mortality or major morbidity., METHODS: We did a multicentre, double-blind, pragmatic, randomised superiority trial in 14 Australian and two New Zealand neonatal intensive care units. Infants born weighing less than 1500 g and aged less than 8 days, were eligible and randomly assigned (1:1) using minimising web-based randomisation to receive once daily 200 mg/kg pasteurised bovine lactoferrin supplements or no lactoferrin supplement added to breast or formula milk until 34 weeks' post-menstrual age (or for 2 weeks, if longer), or until discharge from the study hospital if that occurred first. Designated nurses preparing the daily feeds were not masked to group assignment, but other nurses, doctors, parents, caregivers, and investigators were unaware. The primary outcome was survival to hospital discharge or major morbidity (defined as brain injury, necrotising enterocolitis, late-onset sepsis at 36 weeks' post-menstrual age, or retinopathy treated before discharge) assessed in the intention-to-treat population. Safety analyses were by treatment received. We also did a prespecified, PRISMA-compliant meta-analysis, which included this study and other relevant randomised controlled trials, to estimate more precisely the effects of lactoferrin supplementation on late-onset sepsis, necrotising enterocolitis, and survival. This trial is registered with the Australian and New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry, ACTRN12611000247976., FINDINGS: Between June 27, 2014, and Sept 1, 2017, we recruited 1542 infants; 771 were assigned to the intervention group and 771 to the control group. One infant who had consent withdrawn before beginning lactoferrin treatment was excluded from analysis. In-hospital death or major morbidity occurred in 162 (21%) of 770 infants in the intervention group and in 170 (22%) of 771 infants in the control group (relative risk [RR] 0.95, 95% CI 0.79-1.14; p=0.60). Three suspected unexpected serious adverse reactions occurred; two in the lactoferrin group, namely unexplained late jaundice and inspissated milk syndrome, but were not attributed to the intervention and one in the control group had fatal inspissated milk syndrome. Our meta-analysis identified 13 trials completed before Feb 18, 2020, including this Article, in 5609 preterm infants. Lactoferrin supplements significantly reduced late-onset sepsis (RR 0.79, 95% CI 0.71-0.88; p<0.0001; I2=58%), but not necrotising enterocolitis or all-cause mortality., INTERPRETATION: Lactoferrin supplementation did not improve death or major morbidity in this trial, but might reduce late-onset sepsis, as found in our meta-analysis of over 5000 infants. Future collaborative studies should use products with demonstrated biological activity, be large enough to detect moderate and clinically important effects reliably, and assess greater doses of lactoferrin in infants at increased risk, such as those not exclusively receiving breastmilk or infants of extremely low birthweight., FUNDING: Australian National Health and Medical Research Council. Copyright © 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Prophylaxis of Radiation-Induced Dermatitis in Patients With Breast Cancer Using Herbal Creams: A Prospective Randomized Controlled Trial.; Radiation-induced toxicity is a major limiting factor for prescribing radiation dose in cancer radiotherapy. Skin reaction to radiation is one of the primary concerns, which could affect quality of life of the patients both physically and mentally. Reviews of the literature show limited number of effective reagents for its prophylaxis. In this study, we attempted to determine whether prophylactic treatment of the 3 different herbal creams containing Centella asiatica, Cucumis sativus, and Thunbergia laurifolia extracts as well as a commercial moisturizing cream could reduce acute skin reaction in breast cancer patients undergoing radiotherapy. A total of 153 breast cancer patients undergoing radiotherapy were randomly assigned into 5 different groups with one group receiving no treatment. The patients were instructed to apply their designated creams once daily from their first radiotherapy session until 1-month post-irradiation. Their skins were graded by a radiation oncologist on a weekly basis until 1-month post-irradiation to identify any skin reactions. The results showed that the administration of the herbal creams or the moisturizing cream could neither reduce the severity nor delay the onset of dermatitis compared with the no treatment group. However, despite the limited benefits from the prophylaxis, the Cucumis sativus cream was shown to help with the skin recovery post-irradiation. These results suggested that breast cancer patients undergoing radiotherapy should be advised to apply moisturizing cream to the area of irradiated skin.
Cow's Milk Fat Obesity pRevention Trial (CoMFORT): a primary care embedded randomised controlled trial protocol to determine the effect of cow's milk fat on child adiposity.; INTRODUCTION: Cow's milk is a dietary staple for children in North America. Though clinical guidelines suggest children transition from whole (3.25% fat) milk to reduced (1% or 2%) fat milk at age 2 years, recent epidemiological evidence supports a link between whole milk consumption and lower adiposity in children. The purpose of this trial is to determine which milk fat recommendation minimises excess adiposity and optimises child nutrition and growth., METHODS AND ANALYSIS: Cow's Milk Fat Obesity pRevention Trial will be a pragmatic, superiority, parallel group randomised controlled trial involving children receiving routine healthcare aged 2 to 4-5 years who are participating in the TARGet Kids! practice-based research network in Toronto, Canada. Children (n=534) will be randomised to receive one of two interventions: (1) a recommendation to consume whole milk or (2) a recommendation to consume reduced (1%) fat milk. The primary outcome is adiposity measured by body mass index z-score and waist circumference z-score; secondary outcomes will be cognitive development (using the Ages and Stages Questionnaire), vitamin D stores, cardiometabolic health (glucose, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, non-high density lipoprotein (non-HDL), low density lipoprotein (LDL), triglyceride, HDL and total cholesterol, insulin and diastolic and systolic blood pressure), sugary beverage and total energy intake (measured by 24 hours dietary recall) and cost effectiveness. Outcomes will be measured 24 months postrandomisation and compared using analysis of covariance (ANCOVA), adjusting for baseline measures., ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: Ethics approval has been obtained from Unity Health Toronto and The Hospital for Sick Children. Results will be presented locally, nationally and internationally and published in a peer-reviewed journal. The findings may be helpful to nutrition guidelines for children in effort to reduce childhood obesity using a simple, inexpensive and scalable cow's milk fat intervention., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT03914807; pre-results. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2020. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Consumption of Goat Cheese Naturally Rich in Omega-3 and Conjugated Linoleic Acid Improves the Cardiovascular and Inflammatory Biomarkers of Overweight and Obese Subjects: A Randomized Controlled Trial.; This study examines the value of a goat cheese naturally enriched in polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) (n-3 PUFA and conjugated linolenic acid (CLA)) as means of improving cardiovascular and inflammatory health. Sixty-eight overweight and obese subjects (BMI >= 27 and <40 kg/m2), with at least two risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) in a lipid panel blood tests, participated in a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, parallel designed study. The subjects consumed for 12 weeks: (1) 60 g/d control goat cheese and (2) 60 g/d goat cheese naturally enriched in n-3 PUFA and CLA. Diet and physical activity were assessed. Anthropometric and dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) tests were performed. Blood samples were collected at the beginning and at the end of the study period. Changes in health status, lifestyle and dietary habits, and daily compliance were recorded. The consumption of a PUFA-enriched goat cheese significantly increased plasma high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol, as well as in apolipoprotein B, and it significantly decreased high-sensitivity C-reactive protein concentrations compared to the control goat cheese (p < 0.05). The significant improvement of the plasma lipid profile and inflammatory status of people with risk for CVD due to the consumption of PUFA-enriched cheese suggests a potential role of this dairy product as an alternative to develop high nutritional value food in a balanced diet comprising regular exercise.
Favorable effect of creams with skimmed donkey milk encapsulated in nanoliposomes on skin physiology.; The use of donkey milk has a long history in external dermal application for cosmetic and medical purposes. The encapsulation of different drugs into nanoliposomes and nutrients may have many benefits for the delivery of the targeted substance. The aim of the present study is to test creams with nanoliposomes encapsulated with skimmed donkey milk, reported in our registered patent, compared with effect of the placebo cream and the untreated skin. To investigate the effect of formulated cream, we have measured the electrical capacitance, transepidermal water loss and the skin pH value. The study included 15 healthy volunteers (11 women and 4 men). The patented creams exhibited satisfactory moisturizing properties very soon after application, while hydration was reached earlier in the spots treated with night cream. Transepidermal water loss slightly decreased only after 4 weeks of treatment in each of the spots assessed. The pH value was similar after each of the treatments. Tested creams may enhance the moisture of skin very soon after application, in this way potentially enable deeper permeation of phospholipids and essential proteins, without changing the pH. It may also contribute to additional anti-aging effects. Copyright © 2020 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Are Low-Income, Diverse Mothers Able to Meet Breastfeeding Intentions After 2 Months of Breastfeeding?.; Background: Little is known about intended breastfeeding duration of women who initiate breastfeeding. We describe the association between intended and actual breastfeeding duration among low-income, diverse mothers who report maintaining breastfeeding for the first 2 months postpartum. Materials and Methods: We included mothers (64% Hispanic, 17% non-Hispanic black) participating in Greenlight, a cluster randomized childhood obesity prevention trial, who were providing breast milk at the 2-month preventive service visit and reported intended breastfeeding duration at this visit. Breastfeeding status was assessed at subsequent visits, up to 24 months. Poisson regression with a robust variance estimator was used to estimate risk ratios and 95% confidence intervals for meeting breastfeeding intentions. Covariates included race/ethnicity, income, receiving benefits from the Special Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program for Women, Infants and Children (WIC), education, age, employment, depression, maternal obesity, U.S. born, whether infant was first born, and study site. Results: Median intended breastfeeding duration was 11.5 months (interquartile range [IQR]: 6-12) and median actual breastfeeding duration was 8.6 months (IQR: 4-14) (n = 349). Approximately half (49%) met intended breastfeeding duration. Breastfeeding duration differed based on milk type provided at the 2-month visit in that mothers providing mostly or only breast milk had increased likelihood of meeting breastfeeding intentions. Regardless of milk type provided at 2 months, the longer a mother intended to breastfeed, the less likely she was to meet her breastfeeding intentions. Conclusions: In this diverse sample of women less than half met breastfeeding intentions despite maintaining breastfeeding for 2 months. Understanding factors that prevent mothers from attaining intended breastfeeding duration is critical to improving breastfeeding outcomes, especially in low income and ethnic minority populations.
Nutrition Provided to Infants in Licensed Childcare Centers and Homes: A Descriptive Study.; BACKGROUND: Infant nutrition can influence development, eating behaviors and obesity risk. Nearly half of infants in the U.S. are in non-parental care where they consume much of their daily nutrition. Because little is known about the quality of infant nutrition in childcare, the study objective was to characterize the foods and beverages provided to infants in childcare in California., METHODS: From a randomly selected sample of 2,400 licensed childcare in California, 736 responded to a 2016 survey; a subset of 297 cared for infants. Differences in 26 foods and 7 beverages provided between centers and homes, and by CACFP participation, were assessed using logistic regression models adjusted for CACFP participation and whether the site was a center or home, respectively., RESULTS: Several differences between centers and homes were identified. One the day prior to the survey, more centers than homes ever provided cow's milk (25.1% vs 13.0%, p = 0.02) and whole grains (76.7% vs 62.9%, p = 0.03), and fewer centers than homes provided frozen treats (1.4% vs 10.3%, p = 0.003). When comparing difference by CACFP participation, fewer CACFP than non-CACFP sites usually provided breastmilk (32.6% vs 54.2%, p = 0.0004) and ever provided cow's milk (14.2% vs 37.1%, p < 0.0001). On the day prior to the survey, more CACFP than non-CACFP provided vegetables (91.0% vs 80.8%, p = 0.02), fruit (centers only) (97.2% vs 80.8%, p = 0.0003), and infant cereals (86.0% vs 61.2%, p < 0.0001). Fewer CACFP than non-CACFP provided sweetened yogurt (14.8% vs 36.7%, p < 0.0001)., CONCLUSIONS FOR PRACTICE: Childcare centers and CACFP participants tended to serve nutritious foods more than childcare homes and non-CACFP participants, respectively. Additional education and policies for childcare providers on appropriate foods and beverages for infants is recommended.
Human Breast Milk-Derived Extracellular Vesicles in the Protection Against Experimental Necrotizing Enterocolitis.; PURPOSE: Necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) is a leading cause of death in premature infants. Breast feeding decreases the incidence of NEC but, even with aggressive promotion of nursing in Neonatal Intensive Care Units, morbidity and mortality remain high. Previous studies from our laboratory have demonstrated that extracellular vesicles (EVs) purified from mouse and rat stem cells can protect the intestines from NEC. The aim of this study was to determine whether human breast milk (BM)-derived EVs could prevent NEC., METHODS: EVs were purified from human donor breast milk. NEC was induced in premature rat pups by exposure to asphyxia/hypothermia/hypercaloric feeds. Pups were randomized to: (1) breast fed, no injury, (2) NEC, (3) NEC+BM-derived EVs once intraperitoneally (IP), (4) NEC+BM-derived EVs enterally (PO) with each feed. Intestinal tracts were examined for histologic damage. Additionally, the effect of BM-derived EVs on intestinal epithelial cells (IEC) subjected to hypoxia/reoxygenation injury in vitro was examined., RESULTS: NEC incidence was 0% in breast-fed pups and 62% in pups subjected to NEC. IP administration of BM-derived EVs decreased NEC incidence to 29% and enteral administration further decreased NEC incidence to 11.9%. (p<0.05). BM-derived EVs significantly increased cell proliferation and decreased apoptosis in IEC in vitro., CONCLUSION: Breast milk-derived EVs delivered either IP or enterally significantly decrease the incidence and severity of experimental NEC, protect IEC from injury in vitro, and may represent an innovative therapeutic option for NEC in the future., TYPE OF STUDY: Basic science study., LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: N/A. Copyright © 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Human Milk-Derived Fortifiers Compared with Bovine Milk-Derived Fortifiers in Preterm Infants: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; This systematic review assessed outcomes after using human milk-derived fortifier (HMF) compared with bovine milk-derived fortifier (BMF) in preterm infants. Six randomized controlled trials (RCTs) were included. Meta-analysis using a random-effects model showed the following results: 1) lower risk of necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC; >=Stage II) (RR: 0.38; 95% CI: 0.15, 0.95; P = 0.04, I2 = 9%; n = 334, 4 RCTs) and surgical NEC (RR: 0.13; 95% CI: 0.02, 0.67; P = 0.02, I2 = 0%; n = 209, 3 RCTs) in the HMF group; 2) no significant difference in mortality (RR: 0.40; 95% CI: 0.14, 1.15; P = 0.09, I2 = 0%; n = 334, 4 RCTs); 3) lower weight gain in the HMF group [mean difference (MD) = -1.08 g . kg-1 . d-1; 95% CI: -1.96, -0.21 g . kg-1 . d-1; P = 0.02, I2 = 0%; n = 241, 4 RCTs]; 4) no differences for length (MD = -0.11 cm/wk; 95% CI: -0.26, 0.04 cm/wk; P = 0.14, I2 = 68%) and head circumference (MD = -0.02 cm/wk; 95% CI: -0.08, 0.05 cm/wk; P = 0.59, I2 = 23%); and 5) no significant difference in late-onset sepsis (RR: 0.96; 95% CI: 0.56, 1.67; P = 0.90, I2 = 63%; n = 334, 4 RCTs). The beneficial effects of HMF for NEC were no longer significant in sensitivity analyses after excluding studies with high risk of bias. Quality of evidence as per Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) analysis was low to very low, and hence the confidence in these results is low. In summary, fortification of milk in preterm infants with HMF compared with BMF decreased the risk of NEC but was associated with lower weight gain. Given the low quality of evidence, adequately powered and well-designed RCTs without the influence of industry are required in this field. Copyright © The Author(s) 2020.
Protective effects of doxepin cream on radiation dermatitis in breast cancer: A single arm double-blind randomized clinical trial.; AIMS: Breast cancer is the most frequently occurring cancer in women. Lumpectomy followed by radiotherapy is suggested to be as effective as a total mastectomy. Radiation-induced dermatitis often occurs as a result of breast radiotherapy. Recent studies suggest that doxepin has promising anti-inflammatory properties. This study was undertaken to evaluate the effects of doxepin therapy on radiation dermatitis., METHODS: A double-blind randomized clinical trial was launched from 2016 to 2017, with a total of 48 patients who had undergone breast-conserving surgery and received postoperative radiation therapy. Radiotherapy was applied 5 days per week for 5 weeks. Adverse dermatological effects were evaluated by a physician at the beginning of the fifth week of radiotherapy and the patients were then randomly assigned (1:1 ratio) to receive either doxepin (5%) or placebo cream for 7 days., RESULTS: There were no significant differences in the dermatitis grade between doxepin and placebo groups at baseline (P > .5). The occurrence of acute dermatitis (grade 2 or higher) was significantly lower with the use of doxepin than with placebo (P <= .0001, Zalpha = 1.96 at 95% confidence interval)., CONCLUSION: Doxepin cream prevents dermatitis grade 2 or higher during post-operative breast irradiation. Doxepin cream is easy to use, affordable and prevents pain and irritation. Copyright © 2020 The British Pharmacological Society.
Incorporating Milk Protein Isolate into an Energy-Restricted Western-Style Eating Pattern Augments Improvements in Blood Pressure and Triglycerides, but Not Body Composition Changes in Adults Classified as Overweight or Obese: A Randomized Controlled Trial.; Unhealthy Western-style eating patterns (WSEP) predominate, adversely affecting health. Resistance to improving dietary patterns prompts interest to incorporate a potentially health-promoting ingredient into typical WSEP foods and beverages. We assessed the effect of incorporating isocalorically matched carbohydrates versus milk protein isolate (MPI) into a WSEP on weight loss-induced changes in cardiometabolic health and body composition. In a randomized, double-blind, parallel-design study, 44 participants (age 52 +/- 1 years, body mass index (BMI) 31.4 +/- 0.5 kg/m2, mean +/- standard error) consumed a weight maintenance WSEP (0.8 g total protein/kg/day) for 3 weeks (baseline). After, participants consumed an energy-restricted (750 kcal/day below estimated requirement) WSEP for 16 weeks, randomly assigned to contain either an additional 0.7 g carbohydrate/kg/d (CON: n = 23, 0.8 g total protein/kg/day) or 0.7 g protein/kg/d from MPI (MPI: n = 21, 1.5 g total protein/kg/day) incorporated into foods and beverages. Compared to CON, the MPI favored reductions in average 24 h and sleeping systolic and diastolic blood pressures (BP), waking hours systolic BP, and fasting plasma triglyceride concentrations. Reductions in fasting plasma insulin, glucose, total cholesterol, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations were not different between groups. Among all participants, whole body mass, lean mass, fat mass, and thigh muscle area, each decreased over time. For adults finding it difficult to deviate from a WSEP, replacing a portion of their carbohydrate with foods and beverages containing MPI may be an effective dietary strategy to reduce BP after weight loss.
A Randomized Study of the Effect of Replacing Sugar-Sweetened Soda by Reduced Fat Milk on Cardiometabolic Health in Male Adolescent Soda Drinkers.; Soda consumption in adolescents has been linked to poorer metabolic outcomes. We tested whether replacing soda with reduced fat milk would improve features of atherogenic dyslipidemia and other cardiometabolic risk factors. Thirty overweight and obese adolescent boys who were habitual consumers of sugar-sweetened beverages were randomly assigned to consume 24 oz/day of sugar-sweetened soda or an energy equivalent of reduced fat (2%) milk for 3 weeks with crossover to the alternate beverage after a >= 2 weeks washout. Plasma lipids and lipoproteins and other laboratory measures were assessed after each beverage period. Lipid and lipoprotein measurements, C-reactive protein, and serum transaminases did not differ significantly between the soda and milk phases of the study. Systolic blood pressure z-score and uric acid concentration were significantly lower after consuming milk compared to soda. Milk consumption also significantly decreased plasma glucosyl ceramide (d18:1/C16:0) and lactosylceramides (d18:1/C16:0 and d18:1/C18:0). While no effects of replacing soda with milk on lipid and lipoprotein measurements were observed in these normolipidemic weight-stable adolescent boys, decreases in systolic blood pressure, uric acid, and glycosphingolipids suggest that an overall favorable effect on cardiometabolic risk can be achieved following a short-term dietary intervention.
Comparative study of preterm infants fed new and existing human milk fortifiers showed favourable markers of gastrointestinal status.; AIM: This study examined the influence of different human milk fortifiers on biomarkers of gastrointestinal immaturity and inflammation in preterm infants., METHODS: We report secondary outcomes from a controlled, double-blind, randomised, parallel group study conducted from 2011 to 2014 in neonatal intensive care units at 11 metropolitan hospitals in France, Belgium, Germany, Switzerland and Italy. Preterm infants born at up to 32 weeks or weighing up to 1500 g were randomised to a new powdered human milk fortifier (n = 77) or a control fortifier (n = 76) for a minimum of 21 days. We analysed faecal markers of gut inflammation, namely alpha-1 antitrypsin and calprotectin, and maturity, namely elastase-1., RESULTS: Faecal alpha-1 antitrypsin was slightly lower in the new than control fortifier group after 21 days of full enteral feeding, with a geometric mean and standard deviation of 1.52 +/- 1.32 vs 1.82 +/- 1.44 mg/g stools (P = .01). There was no significant difference in faecal calprotectin (median [Q1-Q3] of 296 [136-565] mug/g stools in both groups combined at study day 21). Faecal elastase-1 was lower in the new fortifier than control fortifier group (202.5 +/- 1.6 vs 257.7 +/- 1.5 mug/g stools, P = .016)., CONCLUSION: Mean values for each parameter were within the ranges in healthy term infants, indicating favourable markers of gastrointestinal status in both groups. In addition, for faecal calprotectin, the relatively high concentration observed in preterm infants fed fortified human milk suggests that the threshold level for detecting necrotising enterocolitis should be revised. Copyright © 2019 Societe des Produits Nestle SA. Acta Paediatrica Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Foundation Acta Paediatrica.
Whole-Fat or Reduced-Fat Dairy Product Intake, Adiposity, and Cardiometabolic Health in Children: A Systematic Review.; Dietary guidelines commonly recommend that children aged >2 y consume reduced-fat dairy products rather than regular- or whole-fat dairy. In adults, most studies have not found the consumption of whole-fat dairy products to be associated with increased cardiometabolic or adiposity risk. Associations in children could differ due to growth and development. We systematically reviewed the literature in indexed, peer-reviewed journals to summarize pediatric studies (children aged from 2 to 18 y) assessing associations between whole- and reduced-fat dairy intake and measures of adiposity as well as biomarkers of cardiometabolic disease risk, including the serum lipid profile, blood pressure, low-grade chronic inflammation, oxidative stress, and measures of glucose homeostasis. For the purposes of this review, a "whole-fat" dairy product was defined as a product with the natural fat content, whereas a "reduced-fat" dairy product was defined as a product with some or all of the fat removed (including "low-fat" and "skim" versions). A total of 29 journal articles met our criteria for inclusion. The majority were conducted in the United States and were prospective or cross-sectional observational studies, with only 1 randomized controlled trial. Studies were consistent in reporting that whole-fat dairy products were not associated with increased measures of weight gain or adiposity. Most evidence indicated that consumption of whole-fat dairy was not associated with increased cardiometabolic risk, although a change from whole-fat to reduced-fat dairy improved outcomes for some risk factors in 1 study. Taken as a whole, the limited literature in this field is not consistent with dietary guidelines recommending that children consume preferably reduced-fat dairy products. High-quality randomized controlled trials in children that directly compare the effects of whole-fat compared with reduced-fat dairy intake on measures of adiposity or biomarkers of cardiometabolic disease risk are needed to provide better quality evidence in this area. Copyright © The Author(s) 2020.
Lactoferrin infant feeding trial_Canada (LIFT_Canada): protocol for a randomized trial of adding lactoferrin to feeds of very-low-birth-weight preterm infants.; BACKGROUND: In Canada alone, almost 3000 VLBW infants are born and treated annually with almost 1200 going onto death or survival with severe brain injury, chronic lung disorders, aggressive retinopathy of prematurity, late-onset sepsis, or significant necrotizing enterocolitis. Lactoferrin is an antimicrobial, antioxidant, anti-inflammatory iron-carrying, bifidogenic glycoprotein found in all vertebrates and in mammalian milk, leukocytes and exocrine secretions. Lactoferrin aids in creating an environment for growth of beneficial bacteria in the gut, thus reducing colonization with pathogenic bacteria. It is hypothesized that oral bovine lactoferrin (bLF), through its antimicrobial, antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties, will reduce the rate of mortality or major morbidity in very low birth weight preterm infants., METHOD: Lactoferrin Infant Feeding Trial_Canada (LIFT_Canada) is a multi-centre, double-masked, randomized controlled trial with the aim to enroll 500 infants whose data will be combined with the data of the 1542 infants enrolled from Lactoferrin Infant Feeding Trial_Australia/New Zealand (LIFT_ANZ) in a pooled intention-to-treat analysis. Eligible infants will be randomized and allocated to one of two treatment groups: 1) a daily dose of 200 mg/kg bLF in breast/donor human milk or formula milk until 34 weeks corrected gestation or for a minimum of 2 weeks, whichever is longer, or until discharge home or transfer, if earlier; 2) no bLF with daily feeds. The primary outcome will be determined at 36 weeks corrected gestation for the presence of neonatal morbidity and at discharge for survival and treated retinopathy of prematurity. The duration of the trial is expected to be 36 months., DISCUSSION: Currently, there continues to be no clear answer related to the benefit of bLF in reducing mortality or any or all of the significant neonatal morbidities in very low birth weight infants. LIFT_Canada is designed with the hope that the pooled results from Australia, New Zealand, and Canada may help to clarify the situation., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinical Trials.Gov, Identifier: NCT03367013, Registered December 8, 2017.
Fixed combination of tazarotene and betamethasone dipropionate for treatment of psoriasis vulgaris: The result of a phase 3, multicenter, randomized controlled trial.; Long-term use of corticosteroids or local use of tazarotene (TAZ) alone for the treatment of psoriasis cause safety issues and low compliance rates. Combining these two may optimize their efficacy and minimize safety concerns. This study aimed to evaluate the clinical efficacy and safety of a fixed combination of TAZ 0.05% and betamethasone dipropionate 0.05% (BM) for psoriasis vulgaris. A multicenter, randomized, single-blinded, controlled phase 3 clinical trial was conducted. A total of 600 Chinese subjects with psoriasis vulgaris were randomized (3:1:1) to TAZ/BM cream, TAZ gel or BM cream groups for 6 weeks with an 8-week follow up. The primary efficacy assessment end-point was 75% improvement in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI-75) at 6 weeks. Secondary outcome assessments included PASI-90, percentage of PASI decrease and so forth. Safety and treatment-related adverse events were monitored throughout the study. Our results demonstrated that the TAZ/BM group exhibited statistically significant superiority in PASI-75 over TAZ (6.74% vs 1.67%) within 2 weeks. After 6 weeks of treatment, PASI-75 was 44.94% in the TAZ/BM group while 19.17% and 35.00% in the TAZ and BM group, respectively. At the 8-week follow up, the relapse rate of the TAZ/BM group was significantly lower than the BM group (10.62% vs 29.63%, P = 0.0269) though comparable with the TAZ group (10.00%). The most frequently reported treatment-related adverse event was mild to moderate level of skin irritation events. TAZ/BM combination has significant advantages over TAZ, including satisfying efficacy, rapid onset and reduced local stimulation. Meanwhile, compared with BM, it has the advantages of longer relief time and reduced clinical relapse rate. The TAZ/BM combination drug provides psoriatic patients an alternative drug with high efficacy and low relapse rate and safety concerns. Copyright © 2020 Japanese Dermatological Association.
Two speeds of increasing milk feeds for very preterm or very low-birthweight infants: the SIFT RCT.; BACKGROUND: Observational data suggest that slowly advancing enteral feeds in preterm infants may reduce necrotising enterocolitis but increase late-onset sepsis. The Speed of Increasing milk Feeds Trial (SIFT) compared two rates of feed advancement., OBJECTIVE: To determine if faster (30 ml/kg/day) or slower (18 ml/kg/day) daily feed increments improve survival without moderate or severe disability and other morbidities in very preterm or very low-birthweight infants., DESIGN: This was a multicentre, two-arm, parallel-group, randomised controlled trial. Randomisation was via a web-hosted minimisation algorithm. It was not possible to safely and completely blind caregivers and parents., SETTING: The setting was 55 UK neonatal units, from May 2013 to June 2015., PARTICIPANTS: The participants were infants born at < 32 weeks' gestation or a weight of < 1500 g, who were receiving < 30 ml/kg/day of milk at trial enrolment., INTERVENTIONS: When clinicians were ready to start advancing feed volumes, the infant was randomised to receive daily feed increments of either 30 ml/kg/day or 18 ml/kg/day. In total, 1400 infants were allocated to fast feeds and 1404 infants were allocated to slow feeds., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The primary outcome was survival without moderate or severe neurodevelopmental disability at 24 months of age, corrected for gestational age. The secondary outcomes were mortality; moderate or severe neurodevelopmental disability at 24 months corrected for gestational age; death before discharge home; microbiologically confirmed or clinically suspected late-onset sepsis; necrotising enterocolitis (Bell's stage 2 or 3); time taken to reach full milk feeds (tolerating 150 ml/kg/day for 3 consecutive days); growth from birth to discharge; duration of parenteral feeding; time in intensive care; duration of hospital stay; diagnosis of cerebral palsy by a doctor or other health professional; and individual components of the definition of moderate or severe neurodevelopmental disability., RESULTS: The results showed that survival without moderate or severe neurodevelopmental disability at 24 months occurred in 802 out of 1224 (65.5%) infants allocated to faster increments and 848 out of 1246 (68.1%) infants allocated to slower increments (adjusted risk ratio 0.96, 95% confidence interval 0.92 to 1.01). There was no significant difference between groups in the risk of the individual components of the primary outcome or in the important hospital outcomes: late-onset sepsis (adjusted risk ratio 0.96, 95% confidence interval 0.86 to 1.07) or necrotising enterocolitis (adjusted risk ratio 0.88, 95% confidence interval 0.68 to 1.16). Cost-consequence analysis showed that the faster feed increment rate was less costly but also less effective than the slower rate in terms of achieving the primary outcome, so was therefore found to not be cost-effective. Four unexpected serious adverse events were reported, two in each group. None was assessed as being causally related to the intervention., LIMITATIONS: The study could not be blinded, so care may have been affected by knowledge of allocation. Although well powered for comparisons of all infants, subgroup comparisons were underpowered., CONCLUSIONS: No clear advantage was identified for the important outcomes in very preterm or very low-birthweight infants when milk feeds were advanced in daily volume increments of 30 ml/kg/day or 18 ml/kg/day. In terms of future work, the interaction of different milk types with increments merits further examination, as may different increments in infants at the extremes of gestation or birthweight., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN76463425., FUNDING: This project was funded by the National Institute for Health Research Health Technology Assessment programme and will be published in full in Health Technology Assessment; Vol. 24, No. 18. See the NIHR Journals Library website for further project information.
Peeling with 70% glicolic acid followed by 5% 5-fluorouracil as well as 5% 5-fluorouracil cream are effective methods for the treatment of actinic keratoses on upper limbs: A randomized clinical trial.; The 5% 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) cream, considered the gold standard topical treatment, and peeling using 70% glycolic acid (GA) followed by 5% 5-FU are methods for the treatment of actinic keratoses (AKs). However, the comparison of these two treatments had not yet been described and therefore was the objective of this study. A randomized clinical trial, intrapatient study in which 17 patients received a type of treatment in the right and left upper limb with 5% 5-FU cream (twice daily) or a peeling application of 70% GA (every 15 days) followed by 5% 5-FU cream. There was a significant reduction of 75% and 85.71% in the mean number of AK lesions and of 74.5% and 85.71% in the size of lesions on the upper limbs of patients treated with peeling and 5% 5-FU cream (P-value <=.001), respectively. Neither treatment was superior to the other since there was no significant difference (P-value >=.05) between the treatments, both at the post-intervention period as well as when comparing the difference between the pre and post-intervention periods. The peeling with 70% GA followed by 5% 5-FU as well as 5% 5-FU cream are effective methods for the treatment of AKs on upper limbs. Copyright © 2020 Wiley Periodicals LLC.
Surgery versus combined treatment with curettage and imiquimod for nodular basal cell carcinoma: One-year results of a noninferiority, randomized, controlled trial.; PURPOSE: Nodular basal cell carcinoma (nBCC) is mostly treated with surgical excision. Interest in minimally invasive treatment of these low-risk tumors is increasing. We assessed the effectiveness of nBCC treatment with curettage and imiquimod cream compared with surgical excision., METHODS: Patients with nBCC included in this randomized, controlled noninferiority trial were randomly assigned to either a curettage and imiquimod cream group or a surgical excision group. The primary endpoint was the proportion of patients free from treatment failure 1 year after the end of treatment. A prespecified noninferiority margin of 8% was used. A modified intention-to-treat and a per-protocol analysis was performed (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier NCT02242929)., RESULTS: One hundred forty-five patients were randomized: 73 to the curettage and imiquimod cream group and 72 to the surgical excision group. The proportion of patients free of recurrence after 12 months was 86.3% (63/73) for the curettage and imiquimod group and 100% (72/72) for the surgical excision group. The difference in efficacy was -13.7% (95% confidence interval -21.6% to -5.8%; 1-sided P = .0004) favoring surgical excision., CONCLUSION: Noninferiority of curettage and imiquimod cream cannot be concluded. Given the still high efficacy of curettage and imiquimod cream and the indolent growth pattern of nBCC, curettage and imiquimod could still be a valuable treatment option with the possibility to prevent overuse of excisions. However, it cannot replace surgical excision. Copyright © 2020 American Academy of Dermatology, Inc. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Efficacy of lidocaine 7 %, tetracaine 7 % self-occlusive cream in reducing MAL-cPDT-associated pain in subjects with actinic keratosis: A randomized, single-blind, vehicle-controlled trial (The "3P-Trial").; INTRODUCTION: Conventional photodynamic therapy (cPDT) is considered a very effective treatment of actinic keratosis (AK) lesions. However, its use is limited by the fact that this procedure could be very painful. The use of topical anesthetics such as tetracaine or lignocaine/prilocaine has shown disappointing results in term of pain reduction. A self-occlusive topical 7% lidocaine/7% tetracaine anesthetic cream (LT-C) approved by the FDA to provide local topical anesthesia in adults undergoing superficial dermatological procedures is available. There are no data regarding its pain reducing effect during cPDT. We perform a prospective, randomized, single-blind, two-center trial (The 3P-Trial) to assess the pain reduction effect of LT-C versus vehicle in subjects with AK undergoing cPDT., MATERIAL AND METHODS: Fifty AK subjects (74 +/- 10 years, 32 men, 18 women) with on average 17 lesions were enrolled after their written informed consent. Eight subjects presented also a total of 16 basal cell carcinoma lesions. Twenty-five were randomized to LT-cream, applied 1 h before the Methyl amino levulinate (MAL)-cPDT session and 25 to cream vehicle. The main outcome was the patient-assessed evaluation of pain score during and just after the conclusion of cPDT session (mean of the two values) using a 10-point visual analog scale (VAS). The cPDT session (LED Red light 630 nm) was performed with a duration of 6 +/- 2 min with a standard fluence of 37 J/cm2. All treated lesions were prepared by gentle superficial curettage., RESULTS: All the randomized subjects concluded the trial. The mean +/- SD of VAS score in vehicle group was 6.2 +/- 2.7 (95 % CI of the mean: 5.0-7.5). In the group treated with LT-cream the VAS score was 3.3 +/- 1.9 (95 % CI of the mean: 2.5-4.1). The active cream reduced the VAS score by 47 %. Median values of pain VAS score in the active group was reduced by 60 % in comparison with vehicle group (3.0 vs 7.5). The difference between the two groups was statistically significant (p = 0.0009; Mann-Whitney test)., DISCUSSION: The 3P-trial has demonstrated that the preventive application of the self-occlusive lidocaine 7%-tetracaine 7% cream is very effective in reducing the procedure-associated pain during MAL-cPDT for the treatment of AK lesions. Copyright © 2020 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effects of Whey Protein Supplementation on Aortic Stiffness, Cerebral Blood Flow, and Cognitive Function in Community-Dwelling Older Adults: Findings from the ANCHORS A-WHEY Clinical Trial.; ANCHORS A-WHEY was a 12-week randomized controlled trial (RCT) designed to examine the effect of whey protein on large artery stiffness, cerebrovascular responses to cognitive activity and cognitive function in older adults., METHODS: 99 older adults (mean +/- SD; age 67 +/- 6 years, BMI 27.2 +/- 4.7kg/m2, 45% female) were randomly assigned to 50g/daily of whey protein isolate (WPI) or an iso-caloric carbohydrate (CHO) control for 12 weeks (NCT01956994). Aortic stiffness was determined as carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity (cfPWV). Aortic hemodynamic load was assessed as the product of aortic systolic blood pressure and heart rate (Ao SBP x HR). Cerebrovascular response to cognitive activity was assessed as change in middle-cerebral artery (MCA) blood velocity pulsatility index (PI) during a cognitive perturbation (Stroop task). Cognitive function was assessed using a computerized neurocognitive battery., RESULTS: cfPWV increased slightly in CHO and significantly decreased in WPI (p < 0.05). Ao SBP x HR was unaltered in CHO but decreased significantly in WPI (p < 0.05). Although emotion recognition selectively improved with WPI (p < 0.05), WPI had no effect on other domains of cognitive function or MCA PI response to cognitive activity (p > 0.05 for all)., CONCLUSIONS: Compared to CHO, WPI supplementation results in favorable reductions in aortic stiffness and aortic hemodynamic load with limited effects on cognitive function and cerebrovascular function in community-dwelling older adults.
Fermented Dairy Products, Probiotic Supplementation, and Cardiometabolic Diseases: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.; Fermented dairy foods (FDFs) and probiotics are promising tools for the prevention and management of cardiometabolic diseases (CMDs), respectively. The relation between the regular consumption of FDFs and CMD risk factors was assessed by prospective cohort studies (PCSs), and the effect of probiotic supplementation added into a dairy matrix on CMD parameters was evaluated by randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Moreover, the effects of probiotic supplementation added into a dairy matrix were compared with those administered in capsule/powder form. Twenty PCSs and 52 RCTs met the inclusion criteria for the systematic review and meta-analysis. In PCSs, fermented milk was associated with a 4% reduction in risk of stroke, ischemic heart disease, and cardiovascular mortality [RR (95% CI); 0.96 (0.94, 0.98)]; yogurt intake was associated with a risk reduction of 27% [RR (95% CI); 0.73 (0.70, 0.76)] for type 2 diabetes (T2D) and 20% [RR (95% CI); 0.80 (0.74, 0.87)] for metabolic syndrome development. In RCTs, probiotic supplementation added into dairy matrices produced a greater reduction in lipid biomarkers than when added into capsules/powder in hypercholesterolemic subjects, and probiotic supplementation by capsules/powder produced a greater reduction in T2D biomarkers than when added into dairy matrices in diabetic subjects. Both treatments (dairy matrix and capsules/powder) resulted in a significant reduction in anthropometric parameters in obese subjects. In summary, fermented milk consumption is associated with reduced cardiovascular risk, while yogurt intake is associated with a reduced risk of T2D and metabolic syndrome development in the general population. Furthermore, probiotic supplementation added into dairy matrices could be considered beneficial for lowering lipid concentrations and reducing anthropometric parameters. Additionally, probiotic capsule/powder supplementation could contribute to T2D management and reduce anthropometric parameters. However, these results should be interpreted with caution due to the heterogeneity of the studies and the different probiotic strains used in the studies. This trial is registered with PROSPERO (CRD42018091791) and the protocol can be accessed at http://www.crd.york.ac.uk/PROSPERO/display_record.php?ID=CRD42018091791. Copyright © The Author(s) 2020.
Mother And late Preterm Lactation Study (MAPLeS): a randomised controlled trial testing the use of a breastfeeding meditation by mothers of late preterm infants on maternal psychological state, breast milk composition and volume, and infant behaviour and growth.; BACKGROUND: Late preterm infants suffer from more complications and are less likely to be breastfed compared to term infants and their mothers experience higher levels of stress than mothers with term infants. The physiological or hormonal responses that influence milk ejection, milk production, and/or maternal behaviour are possible mechanisms by which maternal distress could negatively influence breastfeeding success. Maternal mood might also affect infant behaviour (feeding, sleeping, and crying) through changes in milk volume and composition, and consequently breastfeeding success and infant growth. Previous research, using relaxation therapy in 64 Malaysian first-time mothers breastfeeding their full-term infants, demonstrated that the therapy was effective in reducing maternal stress and improving infant growth. We hypothesise that expected benefits are even greater in a more vulnerable population where additional breastfeeding support is especially needed, such as in mothers of late preterm infants., METHODS/DESIGN: This protocol describes our randomised controlled trial that tests whether a breastfeeding meditation audio reduces maternal stress in mothers of late preterm infants in London. Home visits will be conducted at 2-3 and 6-8 weeks post-delivery. Participants will be randomised to a control group or an intervention group, where mothers will be asked to listen to a meditation tape on a daily basis while breastfeeding. The main outcomes of the intervention will be maternal stress markers and infant weight Z-score. Potential mediators will be the secondary outcomes and include breast milk macronutrient and hormone levels (ghrelin, leptin, cortisol, and adiponectin), milk volume assessed by 48-h test-weighing, and maternal engagement with the infant. Infant behaviour, including crying and sleeping, and infant appetite will be evaluated. Data about other mediators such as maternal perception of milk supply and salivary oxytocin will be collected., DISCUSSION: We hypothesise that the use of the breastfeeding meditation will reduce maternal stress and consequently improve infant growth mediated by changes in milk composition and volume and maternal behaviour. This study will allow us to understand the mother-infant factors that influence breastfeeding in late preterm infants and potentially identify a method that could improve mother, infant, and breastfeeding outcomes., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT03791749. Registered 1 January 2019.
Effect of dairy intake with or without energy restriction on body composition of adults: overview of systematic reviews and meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials.; CONTEXT: Some studies suggest that consumption of dairy products can aid in weight loss, while others suggest a negative effect or no effect., OBJECTIVE: An overview of systematic reviews and meta-analyses was conducted to examine the effect of dairy product consumption on changes in body composition., DATA SOURCES: PRISMA guidelines were followed to ensure transparent reporting of evidence. The MEDLINE, Embase, Cochrane Central Database of Systematic Reviews, and Web of Science databases were searched from inception to April 2018., STUDY SELECTION: Six systematic reviews and 47 associated meta-analyses (which included the results of 58 different randomized controlled trials) published in English or Spanish and reporting data on dairy intake and changes in weight, fat mass, lean mass, or waist circumference were included., DATA EXTRACTION: Two authors independently extracted the data and assessed the risk of bias using the AMSTAR2 tool., RESULTS: Dairy consumption interventions without dietary energy restriction had no significant effects on weight, fat mass, lean mass, or waist circumference. Interventions in energy-restricted settings had significant effects on fat mass and body weight., CONCLUSIONS: Increasing total dairy intake without energy restriction in adults does not affect body composition. In the context of an energy-restricted diet, however, increased dairy intake results in lower fat mass and body weight but has no conclusive effects on waist circumference or lean mass., SYSTEMATIC REVIEW REGISTRATION: PROSPERO registration number CRD42018094672. Copyright © The Author(s) 2020. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the International Life Sciences Institute. All rights reserved. For permissions, please e-mail: journals.permissions@oup.com.
Impact of Intraoperative Infusion and Postoperative PCIA of Dexmedetomidine on Early Breastfeeding After Elective Cesarean Section: A Randomized Double-Blind Controlled Trial.; Objective: Few studies have investigated the effects of dexmedetomidine (DEX) on breastfeeding after cesarean delivery. A randomized double-blind controlled trial was conducted to investigate whether the administration of DEX, immediately after delivery and for patient-controlled intravenous analgesia (PCIA), can be beneficial for breastfeeding., Patients and Methods: One hundred sixty parturients scheduled for elective cesarean section under spinal anesthesia were randomly allocated to the DEX group (a loading dose of DEX was pumped at 0.5 mug/kg within 10 min, followed by a further infusion of DEX at 0.5 mug/kg/h until the end of the surgery and PCIA for 2 days with DEX plus sufentanil) or the standard care group (infusion saline intraoperatively, and PCIA for 2 days with sufentanil). The number of days required to switch to exclusive breastfeeding within six weeks of delivery, the time to first lactation and breast milk volume on day 1 and day 2 after delivery were recorded. Recovery quality, comfort, anxiety, depression, postoperative analgesia, and adverse reactions of parturients were also assessed., Results: Compared with the standard care group, parturients in the DEX group could be converted to exclusive breastfeeding earlier (11 [14] vs 8 [10] days, log-rank P=0.025), the first lactation time was sooner (28.38 [13.82] vs 33.79 [14.85] hrs, P=0.024), and the amount of breast milk on the second day after delivery increased (P=0.012). There was no difference between the two groups in postpartum uterine contraction pain, but postpartum rest and movement VAS scores and recovery quality score in the DEX group were better than those in the standard care group (all P<0.05). Moreover, the hospital anxiety and depression scale and anxiety subscale score on the second day after delivery and the comfort score on the third day after delivery in the DEX group were significantly better than those in the standard care group (5 [5] vs 6 [8], 2 [2] vs 3 [3], 83.58 [6.75] vs 80.48 [6.58]; P=0.013, P=0.005, P=0.006, respectively). The incidence of adverse events, such as bradycardia, vomiting, hypersomnia, hypertension and hypotension, was not significantly different between the DEX and standard care groups (6.9% vs 2.7%, 5.6% vs 13.7%, 4.2% vs 0%, 5.6% vs 2.7%, 11.1% vs 8.2%; P=0.275, P=0.158, P=0.366, P=0.681, P=0.556, respectively), except more parturients experienced nausea in the standard care group than in the DEX group (28.8% vs 11.1%, P=0.012). Furthermore, there was no difference in Neonatal Behavioral Neurological Assessment scores on the first and second days after delivery between the DEX and standard care groups (38 [3] vs 37 [2], 38.5 [2] vs 38 [2]; P=0.173, P=0.312, respectively)., Conclusion: The application of DEX in the perioperative period of cesarean section was not only conducive to the early conversion of infant feeding to exclusive breastfeeding but could also improve the recovery quality and comfort of the parturient, optimize analgesia, shorten the time to first lactation, and increase lactation., Clinical Trials Registration: NCT03805945. Copyright © 2020 Wang et al.
A low-carbohydrate protein-rich bedtime snack to control fasting and nocturnal glucose in type 2 diabetes: A randomized trial.; In type 2 diabetes, liver insulin resistance and excess hepatic glucose production results in elevated fasting glucose. A bedtime snack has been recommended to improve fasting glucose, yet there is little evidence supporting this recommendation. Moreover, the optimal composition of a bedtime snack is unknown., PURPOSE: To determine whether a low-carbohydrate protein-rich bedtime snack (Egg) could reduce fasting plasma glucose levels in people with type 2 diabetes when compared to a high-carbohydrate protein-rich bedtime snack (Yogurt) or a No Bedtime Snack condition. Secondary outcomes included glucose control assessed by continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) and fasting insulin sensitivity markers., METHODS: Using a randomized crossover design, participants with type 2 diabetes (N = 15) completed three separate isocaloric conditions: i) Egg, ii) Yogurt, and iii) No Bedtime Snack, each lasting three days. CGM was collected throughout and duplicate fasting blood samples were obtained on the morning of day 4 in each condition., RESULTS: Fasting plasma glucose (P = 0.04, d = 0.68), insulin (P = 0.04, d = 0.45), and nocturnal glucose (P = 0.02, d = 0.94) were significantly lower, and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI; P = 0.003) was improved, in the Egg compared to the Yogurt bedtime snack. There were no significant differences between either bedtime snack and No Bedtime Snack., CONCLUSION: In the short-term, a low-carbohydrate bedtime snack (Egg) lowered fasting glucose and improved markers of insulin sensitivity when compared to a high-carbohydrate protein-matched bedtime snack (Yogurt). However, consuming a low- or high-carbohydrate bedtime snack did not appear to lower fasting glucose compared to consuming an isocaloric diet with no bedtime snack. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRY: clinicaltrials.gov (NCT03207269). Copyright © 2020 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
The Appetite-Suppressant and GLP-1-Stimulating Effects of Whey Proteins in Obese Subjects are Associated with Increased Circulating Levels of Specific Amino Acids.; The satiating effect of whey proteins depends upon their unique amino acid composition because there is no difference when comparing whey proteins or a mix of amino acids mimicking the amino acid composition of whey proteins. The specific amino acids underlying the satiating effect of whey proteins have not been investigated to date., AIMS AND METHODS: The aim of the present study was to evaluate the appetite-suppressant effect of an isocaloric drink containing whey proteins or maltodextrins on appetite (satiety/hunger measured by a visual analogue scale or VAS), anorexigenic gastrointestinal peptides (circulating levels of glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) and peptide tyrosine tyrosine (PYY)) and amino acids (circulating levels of single, total [TAA] and branched-chain amino acids [BCAA]) in a cohort of obese female subjects (n = 8; age: 18.4 +/- 3.1 years; body mass index, BMI: 39.2 +/- 4.6 kg/m2)., RESULTS: Each drink significantly increased satiety and decreased hunger, the effects being more evident with whey proteins than maltodextrins. Similarly, circulating levels of GLP-1, PYY and amino acids (TAA, BCAA and alanine, arginine, asparagine, citrulline, glutamine, hydroxyproline, isoleucine, histidine, leucine, lysine, methionine, ornithine, phenylalanine, proline, serine, threonine, tyrosine, and valine) were significantly higher with whey proteins than maltodextrins. In subjects administered whey proteins (but not maltodextrins), isoleucine, leucine, lysine, methionine, phenylalanine, proline, tyrosine, and valine were significantly correlated with hunger (negatively), satiety, and GLP-1 (positively)., CONCLUSIONS: Eight specific amino acids (isoleucine, leucine, lysine, methionine, phenylalanine, proline, tyrosine, and valine) were implicated in the appetite-suppressant and GLP-1-stimulating effects of whey proteins, which may be mediated by their binding with nutrient-sensing receptors expressed by L cells within the gastrointestinal wall. The long-term satiating effect of whey proteins and the effectiveness of a supplementation with these amino acids (i.e., as a nutraceutical intervention) administered during body weight reduction programs need to be further investigated.
Treatment of severe acute malnutrition with oat or standard ready-to-use therapeutic food: a triple-blind, randomised controlled clinical trial.; OBJECTIVE: We hypothesised that an alternative RUTF (ready-to-use therapeutic food) made with oats (oat-RUTF) would be non-inferior to standard RUTF (s-RUTF)., DESIGN: This was a randomised, triple-blind, controlled, clinical non-inferiority trial comparing oat-RUTF to s-RUTF in rural Sierra Leone. Children aged 6-59 months with severe acute malnutrition (SAM) were randomised to oat-RUTF or s-RUTF. s-RUTF was composed of milk powder, sugar, peanut paste and vegetable oil, with a hydrogenated vegetable oil additive. Oat-RUTF contained oats and no hydrogenated vegetable oil additives. The primary outcome was graduation, an increase in anthropometric measurements such that the child was not acutely malnourished. Secondary outcomes were rates of growth, time to graduation and presence of adverse events. Intention to treat analyses was used., RESULTS: Of the 1406 children were enrolled, graduation was attained in 404/721 (56%) children receiving oat-RUTF and 311/685 (45%) receiving s-RUTF (difference 10.6%, 95% CI 5.4% to 15.8%). Death, hospitalisation or remaining with SAM was seen in 87/721 (12%) receiving oat-RUTF and in 125/685 (18%) receiving s-RUTF (difference 6.2%, 95% CI 2.3 to 10.0, p=0.001). Time to graduation was less for children receiving oat RUTF; 3.9+/-1.8 versus 4.5+/-1.8 visits, respectively (p<0.001). Rates of weight in the oat-RUTF group were greater than in the s-RUTF group; 3.4+/-2.7 versus 2.5+/-2.3 g/kg/d, p<0.001., CONCLUSION: Oat-RUTF is superior to s-RUTF in the treatment of SAM in Sierra Leone. We speculate that might be because of beneficial bioactive components or the absence of hydrogenated vegetable oil in oat-RUTF., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT03407326. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2020. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Effects of kefir or milk supplementation on zonulin in overweight subjects.; Increased intestinal permeability has been shown to be involved in several diseases associated with low-grade chronic inflammation, including obesity and metabolic syndrome. In the last decade, growing evidence shows the beneficial effects of probiotic-containing food supplementation on these conditions. In this crossover intervention study on 28 asymptomatic overweight adults, we tested the effects of a 3-wk kefir supplementation compared with a 3-wk milk supplementation on serum zonulin levels. The effects on serum glucose, triacylglycerols, low-density lipoproteins, high-density lipoproteins, total cholesterol, markers of inflammation (C-reactive protein and adiponectin), anthropometric variables, mood, and appetite were also determined. Kefir supplementation resulted in a greater improvement of serum zonulin levels (F = 6.812, eta2 = 0.275), whereas a significant yet similar improvement in lipid profile and serum glucose levels was found in both supplementations. Positive mood was slightly but significantly enhanced with kefir supplementation, and reduced with milk supplementation. The C-reactive protein, adiponectin, and appetite were unaffected. In conclusion, supplementation with both dairy products had health beneficial effects, but only kefir showed an effect on the intestinal barrier dysfunction marker. Copyright © 2020 American Dairy Science Association. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Combined protein and calcium beta-hydroxy-beta-methylbutyrate induced gains in leg fat free mass: a double-blinded, placebo-controlled study.; BACKGROUND: The leucine metabolite beta-hydroxy-beta-methylbutyrate (HMB) is widely used as an ergogenic supplement to increase resistance-training induced gains in fat free mass (FFM) and strength in healthy adults. Recent studies have questioned the effectiveness of HMB, particularly when a high protein diet is habitually consumed. To investigate the additive resistance-training induced effects of HMB and protein in untrained individuals, we conducted a randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled study that compared the effects of combined protein and HMB supplementation to protein supplementation alone on FFM and muscle strength after 12-week resistance training., METHODS: Sixteen healthy men (22 +/- 2 yrs) performed a periodized resistance-training program for twelve weeks (four sessions per week). The program comprised two mesocycles, characterized by a linear periodization and non-linear periodization, respectively, and separated by a 1-week tapering period. All participants received 60 g of whey protein on training days and 30 g of whey protein (WP) on non-training days. Participants were randomly assigned to additionally receive 3 g of calcium HMB (WP + HMB) or a placebo (WP + PLA). Body composition and physical fitness were tested before and after the 12-week training program. Whole-body and arm and leg fat free mass (FFM) were assessed by bioimpedance spectroscopy; upper arm and leg fat free cross sectional areas were also quantified using magnetic resonance imaging (MRI); upper and lower body strength were measured by One-repetition maximum (1-RM) bench press and leg press., RESULTS: Whole-body and segmental FFM increased in both groups (P < 0.001). However, gains in leg FFM were higher in WP + HMB vs. WP + PLA (arm FFM: + 6.1% vs. + 9.2%, P = 0.2; leg FFM: + 14.2% vs. + 7.0%, P < 0.01). No change in fat mass was observed (P = 0.59). 1-RM increased in both groups (P < 0.001)., CONCLUSIONS: Combined protein and HMB supplementation resulted in segmental, but not whole-body increases in FFM compared to protein supplementation alone. These findings could explain some of the controversial effects of HMB reported in previous studies and have practical implications for maximizing training-induced gains in FFM and clinical conditions associated with skeletal muscle deconditioning such as aging, sedentary lifestyles, bed rest and spaceflight.
Combination Topical Chemotherapy for the Treatment of an Invasive Cutaneous Squamous Cell Carcinoma.; Introduction: Standard of care for squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) is usually surgical, with either excision or Mohs micrographic surgery. However, surgery may not be ideal for elderly patients with numerous lesions, who are poor surgical candidates or who refuse surgery. Topical 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) and imiquimod have been studied off-label as monotherapies in the treatment of SCC in situ with promising results. However, long-term tumor-free survival rates are still less than with surgical management. Methods: We report a case of biopsy-proven invasive SCC in an 86-year-old Caucasian male with history of multiple actinic keratoses and no previous skin cancers. The patient declined surgical treatment due to concerns about cosmetic outcomes. A combination of topical 5% imiquimod cream, 2% 5-FU solution, and 0.1% tretinoin cream was used five nights per week under occlusion for a treatment goal of 30 total applications. The patient was evaluated in clinic every 2 weeks during which the site was treated with cryotherapy. The patient reported burning pain associated with treatment and only completed 24 of the 30 applications. Results: Follow-up biopsy 15 months after completing topical treatment revealed dermal scar with no evidence of residual carcinoma. Conclusion: Topical combination therapy with imiquimod, 5-FU, and tretinoin with intermittent, brief cryotherapy effectively treated a small, invasive SCC in this select patient who deferred surgery. Prospective randomized-controlled clinical trials to assess the role of combination topical treatment for invasive SCCs are warranted. J Drugs Dermatol. 2020;19(2)202-204. doi:10.36849/JDD.2020.2228
Optimizing individual nutrition in preterm very low birth weight infants: double-blinded randomized controlled trial.; OBJECTIVE: In preterm neonates fed human milk, fortification may be adjusted by (1) optimization, based on growth rate and serum nutrient analyses, or (2) individualization, based on serial milk nutrient analyses. The primary aim was to determine whether individualized plus optimized nutrition (experimental) improves velocity of weight gain and linear growth from birth to endpoint (36 weeks postmenstrual age or discharge) when compared with optimized nutrition alone (controls)., STUDY DESIGN: Double-blinded parallel group randomized trial in 120 neonates <29 weeks gestational age (GA) or <35 weeks and small for GA (birth weight < 10th centile)., RESULT: Weight-gain velocity (13.1 +/- 2.1, n = 57 controls, vs. 13.0 +/- 2.6 g kg-1 day-1, n = 59 experimental, P = 0.87), linear growth (0.9 +/- 0.2, n = 55, vs. 0.9 +/- 0.2 cm week-1, n = 52, P = 0.90) and frequency of weight/length disproportion (2% vs. 2%, P = 0.98) were similar in both groups., CONCLUSIONS: Individualized plus optimized nutrition does not improve weight gain, linear growth, or weight/length disproportion at endpoint versus optimized nutrition alone.
Protein Type, Protein Dose, and Age Modulate Dietary Protein Digestion and Phenylalanine Absorption Kinetics and Plasma Phenylalanine Availability in Humans.; BACKGROUND: Dietary protein ingestion stimulates muscle protein synthesis by providing amino acids to the muscle. The magnitude and duration of the postprandial increase in muscle protein synthesis rates are largely determined by dietary protein digestion and amino acid absorption kinetics., OBJECTIVE: We assessed the impact of protein type, protein dose, and age on dietary protein digestion and amino acid absorption kinetics in vivo in humans., METHODS: We included data from 18 randomized controlled trials with a total of 602 participants [age: 53 +/- 23 y; BMI (kg/m2): 24.8 +/- 3.3] who consumed various quantities of intrinsically l-[1-13C]-phenylalanine-labeled whey (n = 137), casein (n = 393), or milk (n = 72) protein and received intravenous infusions of l-[ring-2H5]-phenylalanine, which allowed us to assess protein digestion and phenylalanine absorption kinetics and the postprandial release of dietary protein-derived phenylalanine into the circulation. The effect of aging on these processes was assessed in a subset of 82 young (aged 22 +/- 3 y) and 83 older (aged 71 +/- 5 y) individuals., RESULTS: A total of 50% +/- 14% of dietary protein-derived phenylalanine appeared in the circulation over a 5-h postprandial period. Casein ingestion resulted in a smaller (45% +/- 11%), whey protein ingestion in an intermediate (57% +/- 10%), and milk protein ingestion in a greater (65% +/- 13%) fraction of dietary protein-derived phenylalanine appearing in the circulation (P < 0.001). The postprandial availability of dietary protein-derived phenylalanine in the circulation increased with the ingestion of greater protein doses (P < 0.05). Protein digestion and phenylalanine absorption kinetics were attenuated in older when compared with young individuals, with 45% +/- 10% vs. 51% +/- 14% of dietary protein-derived phenylalanine appearing in the circulation, respectively (P = 0.001)., CONCLUSIONS: Protein type, protein dose, and age modulate dietary protein digestion and amino acid absorption kinetics and subsequent postprandial plasma amino acid availability in vivo in humans. These trials were registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00557388, NCT00936039, NCT00991523, NCT01317511, NCT01473576, NCT01576848, NCT01578590, NCT01615276, NCT01680146, NCT01820975, NCT01986842, and NCT02596542, and at http://www.trialregister.nl as NTR3638, NTR3885, NTR4060, NTR4429, and NTR4492. Copyright © The Author(s) on behalf of the American Society for Nutrition 2020.
Change of some oxidative stress parameters after supplementation with whey protein isolate in patients with type 2 diabetes.; OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of undenatured whey protein isolate (WPI; >=92.5%) with a high content of native cysteine (2.7%) and a standardized content of lactoferrin (>=0.7%) on parameters related to oxidative stress and inflammation in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus., METHODS: We assigned 120 white patients with type 2 diabetes and glycated hemoglobin >=6.5% to two groups. The patients were supplemented daily with WPI or placebo for 3 mo. After 3 mo, the markers of oxidation (superoxide dismutase, glutathione peroxidase, glutathione, and reduced glutathione-to-oxidized glutathione ratio) and inflammation (high sensitivity C-reactive protein, interleukin-6, tumor necrosis factor -alpha, malondialdehyde) were significantly lower in the WPI group than in the placebo group (P < 0.05). The WPI group obtained a significant improvement in the lipid profile and a reduction in fasting plasma glucose compared with baseline and placebo (P < 0.05). No variations of body weight, body mass index or circumferences and metalloproteinase-2 and -9, or soluble receptor for advanced glycation end product were recorded in either groups., CONCLUSION: Supplementation with WPI may be useful in patients with diabetes to control fasting glycemia. Moreover, it can help to improve inflammatory and oxidative stress, which play a crucial role in the development of diabetes complications and also in the progression of other chronic diseases. Copyright © 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A randomized controlled trial protocol comparing the feeds of fresh versus frozen mother's own milk for preterm infants in the NICU.; BACKGROUND: Necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) is the leading cause of death among preterm infants born at < 30 weeks' gestation. The incidence of NEC is reduced when infants are fed human milk. However, in many neonatal intensive care units (NICUs), it is standard practice to freeze and/or pasteurize human milk, which deactivates bioactive components that may offer additional protective benefits. Indeed, our pilot study showed that one feed of fresh mother's own milk per day was safe, feasible, and can reduce morbidity in preterm infants. To further evaluate the benefits of fresh human milk in the NICU, a randomized controlled trial is needed., METHODS: Our prospective multicenter, double-blinded, randomized, controlled trial will include infants born at < 30 weeks' gestation and admitted to one of 29 tertiary NICUs in China. Infants in the intervention (fresh human milk) group (n = 1549) will receive at least two feeds of fresh human milk (i.e., within 4 h of expression) per day from the time of enrollment until 32 weeks' corrected age or discharge to home. Infants in the control group (n = 1549) will receive previously frozen human milk following the current standard protocols. Following informed consent, enrolled infants will be randomly allocated to the control or fresh human milk groups. The primary outcome is the composite outcome mortality or NEC >= stage 2 at 32 weeks' corrected age, and the secondary outcomes are mortality, NEC >= stage 2, NEC needing surgery, late-onset sepsis, retinopathy of prematurity (ROP), bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), weight gain, change in weight, increase in length, increase in head circumference, time to full enteral feeds, and finally, the number and type of critical incident reports, including feeding errors., DISCUSSION: Our double-blinded, randomized, controlled trial aims to examine whether fresh human milk can improve infant outcomes. The results of this study will impact both Chinese and international medical practice and feeding policy for preterm infants. In addition, data from our study will inform changes in health policy in NICUs across China, such that mothers are encouraged to enter the NICU and express fresh milk for their infants., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Chinese Clinical Trial Registry; #ChiCTR1900020577; registered January 1, 2019; http://www.chictr.org.cn/showprojen.aspx?proj=34276.
Effects of 12-Week Ingestion of Yogurt Containing Lactobacillus plantarum OLL2712 on Glucose Metabolism and Chronic Inflammation in Prediabetic Adults: A Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trial.; The ingestion of Lactobacillus plantarum OLL2712 (OLL2712) cells improved glucose metabolism by suppressing chronic inflammation in mouse models and in a preliminary clinical study. We aimed to clarify the effect of OLL2712 on glucose metabolism and chronic inflammation for healthy adults. Prediabetic adults (n = 130, age range: 20-64 years) were randomly assigned to either the placebo or OLL2712 groups (n = 65 each) and were administered conventional yogurt or yogurt containing more than 5 x 109 heat-treated OLL2712 cells, respectively, daily for 12 weeks. Reduced HbA1c levels after 12 weeks of treatment were observed in both groups compared to those at baseline; however, the 12-week reduction of HbA1c levels was significantly greater in the OLL2712 group than in the placebo group. Increased chronic inflammation marker levels and insulin-resistant index (HOMA-IR) occurred in the placebo group but not in the OLL2712 group. Fasting blood glucose (FBG) levels did not change significantly in both groups; however, in subgroup analyses including participants with higher FBG levels, FBG levels were significantly reduced only in the OLL2712 group compared to baseline. These results suggest that OLL2712 cell ingestion can reduce HbA1c levels and can prevent the aggravation of chronic inflammation and insulin resistance.
Reformulation initiative for partial replacement of saturated with unsaturated fats in dairy foods attenuates the increase in LDL cholesterol and improves flow-mediated dilatation compared with conventional dairy: the randomized, controlled REplacement of SaturatEd fat in dairy on Total cholesterol (RESET) study.; BACKGROUND: Modifying dairy fat composition by increasing the MUFA content is a potential strategy to reduce dietary SFA intake for cardiovascular disease (CVD) prevention in the population., OBJECTIVES: To determine the effects of consuming SFA-reduced, MUFA-enriched (modified) dairy products, compared with conventional dairy products (control), on the fasting cholesterol profile (primary outcome), endothelial function assessed by flow-mediated dilatation (FMD; key secondary outcome), and other cardiometabolic risk markers., METHODS: A double-blind, randomized, controlled crossover 12-wk intervention was conducted. Participants with a 1.5-fold higher (moderate) CVD risk than the population mean replaced habitual dairy products with study products (milk, cheese, and butter) to achieve a high-fat, high-dairy isoenergetic daily dietary exchange [38% of total energy intake (%TE) from fat: control (dietary target: 19%TE SFA; 11%TE MUFA) and modified (16%TE SFA; 14%TE MUFA) diet]., RESULTS: Fifty-four participants (57.4% men; mean +/- SEM age: 52 +/- 3 y; BMI: 25.8 +/- 0.5 kg/m2) completed the study. The modified diet attenuated the rise in fasting LDL cholesterol observed with the control diet (0.03 +/- 0.06 mmol/L and 0.19 +/- 0.05 mmol/L, respectively; P = 0.03). Relative to baseline, the %FMD response increased after the modified diet (0.35% +/- 0.15%), whereas a decrease was observed after the control diet (-0.51% +/- 0.15%; P< 0.0001). In addition, fasting plasma nitrite concentrations increased after the modified diet, yet decreased after the control diet (0.02 +/- 0.01 mumol/L and -0.03 +/- 0.02 mumol/L, respectively; P = 0.01)., CONCLUSIONS: In adults at moderate CVD risk, consumption of a high-fat diet containing SFA-reduced, MUFA-enriched dairy products for 12 wk showed beneficial effects on fasting LDL cholesterol and endothelial function compared with conventional dairy products. Our findings indicate that fatty acid modification of dairy products may have potential as a public health strategy aimed at CVD risk reduction. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02089035. Copyright © The Author(s) 2020.
Prevention of Atherosclerosis by the Induction of Microbial Polyamine Production in the Intestinal Lumen.; Low molecular weight metabolites produced by the intestinal microbiome that have been associated with health and disease as metabolites need to be constantly absorbed from the intestinal lumen and transported to intestinal epithelial cells and blood. Polyamines, especially spermidine and spermine, are bioactive chemicals which promote autophagy and suppress inflammation. The main source of exogenous polyamines is the intestinal lumen, where they are produced by intestinal microbiome. Considering the intestinal microbiome as a manufacturing plant for bioactive substances, we developed a novel hybrid putrescine biosynthesis system strategy, in which the simultaneous intake of Bifidobacterium animalis ssp. lactis LKM512 (Bifal) and arginine (Arg) upregulates the production of the putrescine, a precursor of spermidine and spermine, in the gut by controlling the bacterial metabolism beyond its vast diversity and inter-individual differences. In a clinical trial, healthy individuals with a body mass index near the maximum "healthy" range (25 kg/m3; n = 44) were randomized to consume either normal yogurt containing Bifal and Arg (Bifal + Arg YG) or placebo (normal yogurt) for 12 weeks. The change in reactive hyperemia index determined by EndoPAT from week 0 to 12 in the Bifal + Arg YG group was significantly higher than that in the placebo group, indicating that Bifal + Arg YG intake improved vascular endothelial function. In addition, the concentrations of fecal putrescine and serum spermidine in the Bifal+ Arg YG group were significantly higher than those in the placebo group. These findings suggest that consuming Bifal + Arg YG prevents or reduces atherosclerosis risk by upregulating blood spermidine levels, which subsequently induces autophagy.
Dairy Intake and Risk of Cardiovascular Disease.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Due to inconsistent findings on dairy consumption and CVD and all-cause mortality, we performed a narrative literature review to the current literature on dairy and its association with CVD., RECENT FINDINGS: Due to their complex biochemistry, dairy consumption is a rather heterogeneous exposure. Multiple pathways have been proposed from dairy consumption and CVD. Current guidelines advocate for consumption of low-fat dairy products particularly milk, cheese, and yogurt, although the evidence for this is scant. Randomized clinical trials and large prospective studies on lipid-related cardiometabolic disease risk factors are consistent with results from most meta-analyses of prospective cohort studies, which suggest null or inverse relationship between CVD risk and mortality with dairy consumption although there is no clear dose response relationship. Most of current evidence suggests that dairy products are neutral or positive effect on human cardiovascular diseases.
Effect of a low energy diet, containing a high protein, probiotic condensed yogurt, on biochemical and anthropometric measurements among women with overweight/obesity: A randomised controlled trial.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: The aim of this study was to determine the effect of low energy diet containing condensed processed yogurt (Kashk), as a high protein, calcium and probiotic enriched product, on glycemic control, lipid profile, anthropometric measurements and blood pressure among women with overweight/obesity., METHODS: 70 women with overweight/obesity were randomly assigned to receive either a low energy diet contained 50 g of Kashk (intervention group) or a low energy diet without Kashk (control group) for 8 weeks. Anthropometric, blood pressure and biochemical measurements were obtained before and after the intervention., RESULTS: Between-group comparisons showed that the intervention group significantly decreased triglycerides (P = 0.013) and low density lipoprotein cholesterol (P = 0.049) levels relative to the control group. Significantly greater reductions in body mass index (P = 0.018), fat percent (P = 0.037) and waist circumference (P = 0.047) were observed in the intervention group compared to control. Within-group comparisons revealed significant reductions in systolic blood pressure (P = 0.035) and weight (P = 0.005) in the intervention group., CONCLUSIONS: Long-term consumption of Kashk, as a high protein and calcium product enriched with probiotic that is accompanied by a low energy diet, might have beneficial effects on anthropometric and biochemical indices, though more cross-over and parallel blinded trials with placebo groups are needed to confirm these results. (The clinical trial registration number is IRCT2013042913163N1). Copyright © 2019 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Association of sedentary behaviour patterns with dietary and lifestyle habits among public school teachers: a cross-sectional study.; OBJECTIVES: To analyse the association of sedentary behaviour patterns with dietary and lifestyle habits among public school teachers., DESIGN: Cross-sectional study., PARTICIPANTS: A sample of 245 teachers (186 women and 59 men) with mean age of 45.2 (+/-10.4) were randomly selected from public schools., PRIMARY AND SECONDARY OUTCOME MEASURE: Sedentary behaviour was assessed by hours spent watching television, computer and cellphone/tablet use and in sitting position. Sedentary breaks were reported in a Likert scale in domains of work and leisure time. Dietary habits were assessed by weekly consumption of fruits, vegetables, dairy products, fried foods, sweets, grains, cereals, white meat, soft drinks and snacks. Physical activity, smoking, alcohol consumption and socioeconomic status were assessed by using questionnaires., RESULTS: The prevalence of high sedentary behaviour, high sedentary breaks at work and at leisure was 57.9%, 67.7% and 70.2% in the sample, respectively. No relationship was observed of high sedentary behaviour with dietary and lifestyle habits in adjusted analysis. However, high sedentary breaks at work were associated with high consumption of dairy products (OR=1.93 (CI 1.07 to 3.51)) and cereals (OR=2.49 (CI 1.05 to 5.92)) and with being high physically active (OR=2.57 (CI 1.14 to 5.77)). High sedentary breaks at leisure time were associated with high consumption of fruits (OR=2.33 (CI 1.28 to 4.23)) and vegetables (OR=1.91 (CI 1.05 to 3.49)) and with be high physically active (OR=2.34 (CI 1.03 to 5.35)). High sedentary breaks were associated with better dietary habits even among teachers with high sedentary behaviour., CONCLUSION: High sedentary breaks were associated with better dietary habits and with high levels of physical activity among public school teachers, even those with high sedentary behaviour. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2020. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
'Efficacy and safety of imiquimod 5% cream for basal cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trial': a critical appraisal.; AIM: Jia and He aimed 'to compare the efficacy and safety of imiquimod with other treatments in patients with basal cell carcinoma' (BCC)., DESIGN AND INCLUSION CRITERIA: Meta-analysis of studies that included patients with histologically confirmed BCC treated with imiquimod 5% cream compared with all other treatments, including vehicle, excisional surgery, cryosurgery, fluorouracil and methyl aminolaevulinate photodynamic therapy., OUTCOMES: The main outcome measures included histological and composite clearance rates, success rates, complete response rates, tumour-free survival and adverse events., RESULTS: Thirteen studies with a total of 4265 patients were included in the review. Pooled analyses comparing imiquimod with all or any of the listed comparators, including vehicle, demonstrated higher histological clearance rates [risk ratio (RR) 9.28, 95% confidence interval (CI) 5.56-15.5; P < 0.001], higher composite clearance rates (RR 34.2, 95% CI 21.3, 55.1; P = 0.001), no significant difference in success rates (RR 0.98, 95% CI 0.89-1.08; P = 0.73), higher complete response rates (RR 3.15, 95% CI 1.55-6.38; P = 0.001), no significant difference in tumour-free survival (RR 1.15, 95% CI 0.98-1.35; P = 0.088) and increased incidence of adverse events (RR 2.00, 95% CI 1.39-2.88; P < 0.001)., CONCLUSIONS: The authors state that 'imiquimod significantly exhibited benefit effect in improving the histological/composite clearance rates' compared with other treatments, and they suggest it could be used as the first-choice treatment for patients with BCC., COMMENT: The main concerns related to the article by Jia and He are that the research question is replicative, it makes little sense to combine all BCC types in a meta-analysis, and it also makes no sense to combine an active treatment against a combination of vehicle and other active treatments. There are also concerns about bias related to the use of the same study data more than once in a meta-analysis. Furthermore, we have identified an example of covert duplicate publication, which further compounds the profusion of misleading systematic reviews. Copyright © 2020 British Association of Dermatologists.
Yogurt Intake Reduces All-Cause and Cardiovascular Disease Mortality: A Meta-Analysis of Eight Prospective Cohort Studies.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the relationship between yogurt intake and mortality risk from prospective cohort studies., METHODS: The PubMed, EMBASE, and Web of Science databases were searched for all records related to yogurt intake and mortality risk [all-cause or cardiovascular disease (CVD) or cancer mortality] before October 1, 2018. The Newcastle-Ottawa Quality Scale was used to estimate the quality of all eligible articles. The results of the highest and lowest categories of yogurt intake in each study were collected and the effect size was pooled using a random effects model. The dose-response analysis was calculated using the generalized least squares trend estimation model., RESULTS: Eight eligible cohort studies were included in this meta-analysis. There were 235,676 participants in the 8 studies, and the number of deaths was 14,831. Compared with the lowest category, the highest category of yogurt intake was not significantly related with all-cause mortality [hazard ratio (HR)=0.93; 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.85, 1.01], CVD mortality (HR=0.92; 95% CI: 0.81, 1.03) and cancer mortality (HR=0.97; 95% CI: 0.83, 1.12). These studies were homogenous, since the homogeneity test showed that I2 was 28.7%, 15.1% and 11.8%, respectively. However, yogurt intake 200 g/d was significantly associated with a lower all-cause mortality (HR=0.88; 95% CI: 0.80, 0.96) and CVD mortality (HR=0.87; 95% CI: 0.77, 0.99) in the subgroup analysis. The dose-response analysis showed that yogurt intake of 200 g/d was inversely associated with all-cause mortality (P=0.041, HR=0.95, 95% CI: 0.92, 1.00) and CVD mortality (P=0.009, HR=0.92, 95% CI: 0.86, 0.98), and all of which were linear relationship (P>0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: This review provided the evidence regarding yogurt intake can reduce all-cause and CVD mortality. Although some positive findings were identified, more high-quality cohort studies and randomized controlled trials are warranted on a possible protective effect of yoghurt on health.
Impact of Enhanced Recovery after Surgery with Preoperative Whey Protein-Infused Carbohydrate Loading and Postoperative Early Oral Feeding among Surgical Gynecologic Cancer Patients: An Open-Labelled Randomized Controlled Trial.; Enhanced Recovery after Surgery (ERAS) with sole carbohydrate (CHO) loading and postoperative early oral feeding (POEOF) shortened the length of postoperative (PO) hospital stays (LPOHS) without increasing complications. This study aimed to examine the impact of ERAS with preoperative whey protein-infused CHO loading and POEOF among surgical gynecologic cancer (GC) patients. There were 62 subjects in the intervention group (CHO-P), which received preoperative whey protein-infused CHO loading and POEOF; and 56 subjects formed the control group (CO), which was given usual care. The mean age was 49.5 +/- 12.2 years (CHO-P) and 51.2 +/- 11.9 years (CO). The trial found significant positive results which included shorter LPOHS (78.13 +/- 33.05 vs. 99.49 +/- 22.54 h); a lower readmission rate within one month PO (6% vs. 16%); lower weight loss (-0.3 +/- 2.3 kg vs. -2.1 +/- 2.3 kg); a lower C-reactive protein-albumin ratio (0.3 +/- 1.2 vs. 1.1 +/- 2.6); preserved muscle mass (0.4 +/- 1.7 kg vs. -0.7 +/- 2.6 kg); and better handgrip strength (0.6 +/- 4.3 kg vs. -1.9 +/- 4.7 kg) among CHO-P as compared with CO. However, there was no significant difference in mid-upper arm circumference and serum albumin level upon discharge. ERAS with preoperative whey protein-infused CHO loading and POEOF assured better PO outcomes.
A trial-based cost-effectiveness analysis of topical 5-fluorouracil vs. imiquimod vs. ingenol mebutate vs. methyl aminolaevulinate conventional photodynamic therapy for the treatment of actinic keratosis in the head and neck area performed in the Netherlands.; BACKGROUND: Actinic keratosis (AK) is a common premalignant skin condition that might have the ability to progress into squamous cell carcinoma. Due to the high incidence of AK, treatment of this disease significantly impacts healthcare spending., OBJECTIVES: To determine which commonly prescribed field-directed treatment is the most cost-effective, when comparing 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) 5%, imiquimod (IMQ) 5%, ingenol mebutate (IM) 0.015% and methyl aminolaevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL-PDT) for AK in the head and neck region., METHODS: We performed an economic evaluation from a healthcare perspective. Data were collected alongside a single-blinded, prospective, multicentre randomized controlled trial with 624 participants in the Netherlands. The outcome measure was expressed as the incremental cost-effectiveness ratio, which is the incremental costs per additional patient with >= 75% lesion reduction compared with baseline. This trial was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT02281682., RESULTS: The trial showed that 5-FU was the most effective field treatment for AK in the head and neck region. Twelve months post-treatment, the total mean costs for 5-FU were significantly lower (433) than the 728, 775 and 1621 for IMQ, IM and MAL-PDT, respectively. The results showed that 5-FU was a dominant cost-effective treatment (more effective and less expensive) compared with the other treatments, 12 months post-treatment., CONCLUSIONS: Based on these results, we consider 5-FU 5% cream as the first-choice treatment option for multiple AKs in the head and neck area. What's already known about this topic? Due to the increasing incidence of actinic keratosis (AK), the recommended treatment results in a considerable socioeconomic burden for (dermatological) healthcare. Although cost-effectiveness modelling studies have been performed in which different treatments for AK were compared, a prospective clinical trial comparing four frequently prescribed treatments on effectiveness and resource consumption within a time horizon of 12 months has never been conducted. What does this study add? This is the first study examining the cost-effectiveness of 5-fluorouracil 5% cream, imiquimod 5% cream, ingenol mebutate 0.015% gel and methyl aminolaevulinate photodynamic therapy, with data collected in a randomized controlled trial over a time horizon of 12 months. We found that 5-fluorouracil was a dominant cost-effective treatment (more effective and less costly), based on data from the Netherlands. Linked Comment: Steeb et al. Br J Dermatol 2020; 183:612. Copyright © 2020 The Authors. British Journal of Dermatology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of British Association of Dermatologists.
Daylight photodynamic therapy with methyl aminolevulinate cream is as effective as conventional photodynamic therapy with blue light in the treatment of actinic keratosis: a controlled randomized intra-individual study.; BACKGROUND: We know the efficacy of daylight phototherapy dynamic (DL-PDT) in the treatment of actinic keratosis (AK). But the almost studies have compared daylight with red light using methyl aminolevulinate cream and not with blue light. PDT with blue light is another conventional PDT that is effective in the treatment of AKs., OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study is to assess the efficacy and the safety of DL-PDT vs. PDT in blue light in the treatment of AKs., METHODS: This randomized, controlled, intra-individual efficacy and safety study enrolled 26 subjects. AKs on the face/scalp were treated once, with DL-PDT on one side and c-PDT on the contralateral side. Primary endpoints for DL-PDT at week 12 were efficacy with clearance of AKs and safety with assessment of pain. Lesions with complete response 12 weeks after one treatment session were followed until week 24., RESULTS: More than 1000 AK were studied. At week 12, the raw number of disappeared AK lesions at 3-month follow-up was 19.6 (+/-6.0) for DL-PDT and 20.0 (+/-6.9) for c-PDT with P = 0.8460 (90.5% vs. 94.2% of AK disappearance, respectively). The response was maintained at 6 months (90.0% and 94.6% of AK reduction, respectively). DL-PDT was nearly painless than c-PDT with light blue: 1.2 vs. 5.1, respectively (P < 0.0001)., CONCLUSIONS: Daylight-PDT seems as effective as c-PDT with light blue and DL-PDT is less painful. The response of DL-PDT was sustainable until 6 months. Copyright © 2020 European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Efficacy and safety of Jianpishengsui for chemotherapy-related fatigue in patients with non-small cell lung cancer: study protocol for a randomized placebo-controlled clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: Chemotherapy-related fatigue (CRF) is a common symptom in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients. A Chinese herbal formula cream for oral application, called Jianpishengsui (JPSS), is extensively used in the First Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou University of Chinese Medicine as an internal preparation for CRF and is associated with a promising response. Due to the lack of high-quality clinical evidence, a randomized placebo-controlled trial is required to assess the efficacy and safety of JPSS., METHODS/DESIGN: The efficacy and safety of JPSS herbal formula cream will be evaluated through a prospective, randomized, placebo-controlled trial conducted in the First Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou University of Chinese Medicine. NSCLC patients with CRF will be randomized into two groups at a ratio of 1:1. Each group will receive either 15 g of the oral JPSS herbal formula cream or placebo twice a day from day 6 to day 20 during two courses of paclitaxel + platinum/docetaxel + platinum/pemetrexed + platinum (TP/DP/AP) chemotherapy. The primary endpoint is the difference in the degree of fatigue between baseline (the day before the start of the intervention) and day 42, which will be assessed by the Revised Piper Fatigue Scale score. The secondary endpoints are quality of life (measured by the 43-item European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer Quality of Life Questionnaire-Lung Cancer C43), Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group Performance Status, and Traditional Chinese Medicine syndrome score. The toxicity of the treatments will also be evaluated at the same time. All outcomes will be measured at baseline, day 6, day 21, and day 42 of the treatment., DISCUSSION: This randomized trial will investigate the efficacy and safety of JPSS applied for CRF in patients with NSCLC., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Chinese Clinical Trial Registry, ChiCTR1900023451. Registered on 28 May 2019.
The short-term impact of dietary fat and sugar intake on breast milk composition: A clinical trial protocol.; BACKGROUND: Breast milk is uniquely designed for the infant and contains the key nutrients and bioactive factors required to support optimal infant health and development. While previous studies have reported that maternal obesity can influence milk composition, whether this relationship is driven by maternal or dietary factors remains unclear., AIM: The aim of this study is to assess the impact of test meals varying in fat and sugar content on post-prandial concentrations of macronutrients and metabolic hormones in the breast milk., METHODS: This open label crossover study will include 25 lactating women. On the three days of the intervention, women will be randomized to receive a breakfast meal with a fat and sugar content consistent with the Australian Guide to Healthy Eating (9 g fat, 25 g of sugar) or a breakfast meal containing higher levels of fat (28 g fat, 18 g of sugar) or sugar (5 g fat, 56 g of sugar). All breakfast meals will be similar in composition (cereal, milk, yogurt, toast and spread) and matched for total energy content. This study will measure breast milk concentrations of metabolic hormones (leptin, insulin, adiponectin, ghrelin and glucagon-like peptide-1) and macronutrients in the following 12 hours., RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: The results of this study will provide novel direct evidence of the impact of variations in dietary fat and sugar content to alter the macronutrient and/or metabolic hormone concentrations in breast milk. Data on the effect of maternal diet on milk composition is critical given the established importance of nutritional exposures in early infancy for an individual's life-long health outcomes.
Starting Early Program Impacts on Feeding at Infant 10 Months Age: A Randomized Controlled Trial.; Background: Disparities in obesity-promoting feeding patterns begin in pregnancy and infancy, underscoring the need for early primary prevention in high-risk groups. We sought to determine the impact of a primary care-based child obesity prevention intervention beginning during pregnancy on maternal infant feeding practices, knowledge, and styles at 10 months in low-income Hispanic families. Methods: The Starting Early Program (StEP) randomized controlled trial enrolled pregnant women at a third trimester visit. Women (n = 533) were randomized to standard care or an intervention with prenatal/postpartum individual nutrition counseling and nutrition and parenting support groups coordinated with pediatric visits. Feeding practices (breastfeeding, family meals, juice, and cereal in the bottle) were assessed using questions from the Infant Feeding Practices Study II. Feeding styles were assessed using the Infant Feeding Style Questionnaire. We analyzed impacts on feeding practices, knowledge, and styles using regression analyses adjusting for covariates. Results: Four hundred twelve mothers completed 10-month assessments. Intervention mothers were more likely to give breast milk as the only milk source [adjusted odds ratio (AOR) 1.65, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.06-2.58] and have daily family meals (AOR 1.91, 95% CI 1.19-3.05), and less likely to give juice (AOR 0.60, 95% CI 0.39-0.92) or cereal in the bottle (AOR 0.54, 95% CI 0.30-0.97) compared to controls. Intervention mothers were more likely to exhibit lower pressuring, indulgent and laissez-faire feeding styles, and to have higher knowledge. Attending a greater number of group sessions increased intervention impacts. Conclusions: StEP led to reduced obesity-promoting feeding practices and styles, and increased knowledge and provides great potential for population-scalability.
Lidocaine-Prilocaine Cream Compared With Injected Lidocaine for Vulvar Biopsy: A Randomized Controlled Trial.; OBJECTIVE: To compare pain control during vulvar biopsy after either application of 5% lidocaine-prilocaine cream or injection of 1% lidocaine., METHODS: In a single-site randomized trial, patients who needed vulvar biopsy on a non-hair-bearing surface were recruited from a gynecologic oncology clinic to compare lidocaine-prilocaine cream (placed at least 10 minutes before biopsy) with lidocaine injection (at least 1 minute prior). A sample size of 53 participants in each arm (N=106) was planned. Pain was recorded using a 100 mm visual analog scale at three time points: baseline, after application of anesthesia, and after biopsy. The primary outcome was highest pain score recorded. Secondary outcomes were pain score at biopsy, patient experience, and tolerability and acceptability. Linear regression was used to compare the primary outcome between arms while controlling for baseline vulvar pain. A convenience analysis was performed in March 2019., RESULTS: From October 2018 to March 2019, 38 patients completed informed consent and were randomized. Participants were women with median age of 60 years. Most characteristics between groups were similar. Nineteen were analyzed in the lidocaine-prilocaine group, and 18 were analyzed in the lidocaine injection group. The median highest pain score in the lidocaine-prilocaine group was 20.0 mm vs 56.5 mm in the lidocaine injection group. Controlling for baseline pain, the highest pain score in the lidocaine-prilocaine arm was 25.7 mm lower than in the lidocaine injection arm (95% CI [-45.1 to -6.3]; P<.01). Patients randomized to lidocaine-prilocaine had a significantly better experience than those receiving injected lidocaine (median experience score 2.0 mm vs 17.0 mm; P=.02)., CONCLUSION: Lidocaine-prilocaine cream before vulvar biopsy resulted in a lower maximum pain score and a significantly better patient rating of the biopsy experience when compared with lidocaine injection. Lidocaine-prilocaine cream, alone, is a reasonable option to use for vulvar biopsy., CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT03654417.
Effect of acute and short-term dietary fat ingestion on postprandial skeletal muscle protein synthesis rates in middle-aged, overweight, and obese men.; Muscle anabolic resistance to dietary protein is associated with obesity and insulin resistance. However, the contribution of excess consumption of fat to anabolic resistance is not well studied. The aim of these studies was to test the hypothesis that acute and short-term dietary fat overload will impair the skeletal muscle protein synthetic response to dietary protein ingestion. Eight overweight/obese men [46.4 +/- 1.4 yr, body mass index (BMI) 32.3 +/- 5.4 kg/m2] participated in the acute feeding study, which consisted of two randomized crossover trials. On each occasion, subjects ingested an oral meal (with and without fat emulsion), 4 h before the coingestion of milk protein, intrinsically labeled with [1-13C]phenylalanine, and dextrose. Nine overweight/obese men (44.0 +/- 1.7 yr, BMI 30.1 +/- 1.1 kg/m2) participated in the chronic study, which consisted of a baseline, 1-wk isocaloric diet, followed by a 2-wk high-fat diet (+25% energy excess). Acutely, incorporation of dietary amino acids into the skeletal muscle was twofold higher (P < 0.05) in the lipid trial compared with control. There was no effect of prior lipid ingestion on indices of insulin sensitivity (muscle glucose uptake, pyruvate dehydrogenase complex activity, and Akt phosphorylation) in response to the protein/dextrose drink. Fat overfeeding had no effect on muscle protein synthesis or glucose disposal in response to whey protein ingestion, despite increased muscle diacylglycerol C16:0 (P = 0.06) and ceramide C16:0 (P < 0.01) levels. Neither acute nor short-term dietary fat overload has a detrimental effect on the skeletal muscle protein synthetic response to dietary protein ingestion in overweight/obese men, suggesting that dietary-induced accumulation of intramuscular lipids per se is not associated with anabolic resistance.
Effects of exercise and whey protein on muscle mass, fat mass, myoelectrical muscle fatigue and health-related quality of life in older adults: a secondary analysis of the Liverpool Hope University-Sarcopenia Ageing Trial (LHU-SAT).; PURPOSE: To investigate the effects of exercise in combination with, or without, a leucine-enriched whey protein supplement on muscle mass, fat mass, myoelectrical muscle fatigue and health-related quality of life (HR-QOL) in older adults., METHODS: 100 community-dwelling older adults [52% women, age: 69 +/- 6 years (mean +/- SD)] were randomised to four [Control (C); Exercise (E); Exercise + Protein (EP); Protein (P)] independent groups. E and EP groups completed 16 weeks of exercise [resistance (2 times/week) and functional (1 time/week]. EP and P groups were also administered a leucine-enriched whey protein supplement (3 times/day) based on body weight (1.5 g/kg/day). Muscle and fat mass (bioelectrical impedance analysis), myoelectrical muscle fatigue (surface electromyography) and HR-QOL (WHOQOL-BREF) were measured pre- and post-intervention., RESULTS: At post-intervention, the rectus femoris (E: - 4.8%/min, p = 0.007, ES = 0.86; EP: - 3.3%/min, p = 0.045, ES = 0.58) and bicep femoris (E: - 3.9%/min, p < 0.001, ES = 1.46; EP: - 4.3%/min, p < 0.001, ES = 1.58) muscles became more resistant to fatigue in the E and EP groups, respectively (p < 0.05 versus C). HR-QOL improved in the E group only. Muscle and fat mass did not change (p > 0.05)., CONCLUSION: Physical exercise is a potent method to improve myoelectrical muscle fatigue and HR-QOL in older adults. However, leucine-enriched whey protein did not augment this response in those already consuming sufficient quantities of protein at trial enrolment.
The effect of a hydrolyzed collagen-based supplement on wound healing in patients with burn: A randomized double-blind pilot clinical trial.; INTRODUCTION: Burn is among the most severe forms of critical illness, associated with extensive and prolonged physical, metabolic and mental disorders. The aim of this study was to assess the effect of an oral, low-cost, and accessible collagen-based supplement on wound healing in patients with burn., METHODS: In this randomized double-blind controlled pilot clinical trial, 31 men, 18-60years, with 20-30% total body surface area burn were studied. Patients were randomly assigned to receive either a collagen-based supplement (1000kcal) or an isocaloric placebo, for 4 weeks. Serum pre-albumin, rate of wound healing, length of hospital stay, and anthropometries were assessed at baseline, and the end of week 2 and 4., RESULTS: Serum pre-albumin was significantly higher at week 2 (29.7+/-13.6 vs. 17.8+/-7.5mg/dL, P=0.006) and week 4 (35.1+/-7.6 vs. 28.3+/-8.2mg/dL, P=0.023) in collagen than control group. Changes in pre-albumin concentration were also significantly higher in collagen group at week 2 (13.9+/-9.8 vs. -1.9+/-10.3mg/dL, P<0.001) and week 4 (19.2+/-7.5 vs. 8.5+/-10.1mg/dL, P=0.002). The Hazard ratio of wound healing was 3.7 times in collagen compared to control group (95% CI: 1.434-9.519, P=0.007). Hospital stay was clinically, but not statistically, lower in collagen than control group (9.4+/-4.6 vs. 13.5+/-7 days, P=0.063). There were no significant differences in weight, body mass index, dietary energy and protein intakes between the two groups., CONCLUSION: The findings showed that a hydrolyzed collagen-based supplement could significantly improve wound healing and circulating pre-albumin, and clinically reduce hospital stay in patients with 20-30% burn. Copyright © 2019 Elsevier Ltd and ISBI. All rights reserved.
Whole milk compared with reduced-fat milk and childhood overweight: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: The majority of children in North America consume cow-milk daily. Children aged >2 y are recommended to consume reduced-fat (0.1-2%) cow-milk to lower the risk of obesity., OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the relation between cow-milk fat consumption and adiposity in children aged 1-18 y., METHODS: Embase (Excerpta Medica Database), CINAHL (Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature), MEDLINE, Scopus, and Cochrane Library databases from inception to August 2019 were used. The search included observational and interventional studies of healthy children aged 1-18 y that described the association between cow-milk fat consumption and adiposity. Two reviewers extracted data, using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale to assess risk of bias. Meta-analysis was conducted using random effects to evaluate the relation between cow-milk fat and risk of overweight or obesity. Adiposity was assessed using BMI z-score (zBMI)., RESULTS: Of 5862 reports identified by the search, 28 met the inclusion criteria: 20 were cross-sectional and 8 were prospective cohort. No clinical trials were identified. In 18 studies, higher cow-milk fat consumption was associated with lower child adiposity, and 10 studies did not identify an association. Meta-analysis included 14 of the 28 studies (n = 20,897) that measured the proportion of children who consumed whole milk compared with reduced-fat milk and direct measures of overweight or obesity. Among children who consumed whole (3.25% fat) compared with reduced-fat (0.1-2%) milk, the OR of overweight or obesity was 0.61 (95% CI: 0.52, 0.72; P < 0.0001), but heterogeneity between studies was high (I2 = 73.8%)., CONCLUSIONS: Observational research suggests that higher cow-milk fat intake is associated with lower childhood adiposity. International guidelines that recommend reduced-fat milk for children might not lower the risk of childhood obesity. Randomized trials are needed to determine which cow-milk fat minimizes risk of excess adiposity. This systematic review and meta-analysis was registered with PROSPERO (registration number: CRD42018085075). Copyright © The Author(s) 2019.
On Meat, Butter, and Fudge.; Was the Annals of Internal Medicine recently acting as a mouthpiece for meat-industry propaganda? Five papers underpinned recommendations on meat consumption; their central deceit was to review only randomized controlled trials and cohort studies, which, in research on the associations between common foods and disease outcomes, are nearer to the bottom than the top of the evidence hierarchy. Despite concluding that their own recommendations were "weak and based on low certainty evidence", the authors were happy to recommend that there is "No need to reduce red or processed meat consumption for good health." What we actually know is that: red meat consumption is an order of magnitude higher now than through most of human history; red meat is a probable, and processed meat is a definite, human carcinogen; saturated fat increases risk of heart disease; and vegans and vegetarians have better lipid profiles, lower risk of chronic disease, and greater longevity than meat eaters. There are other consequences of meat consumption too, including: altered sexual development; widespread antimicrobial resistance; and disrupted planetary health, including depletion of aquifers, groundwater pollution, and increased greenhouse gases. The pseudoscience presented in the Annals of Internal Medicine appears to have been written solely to create doubt and confusion in the wider population. Scientists and journals should hold themselves to a higher standard.
Increased consumption of calcium from fat-free milk, energy-restricted diet and educational activities improves metabolic control in overweight type 2 diabetic patients.; We assessed the effects of increased Ca consumption from fat-free milk in an energy-restricted diet and educational activities in the metabolic control of overweight type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients. Fourteen subjects with T2DM (BMI 29.4 (sd 4.5) kg/m2, low habitual Ca consumption (<600 mg/d)) were included in this randomised, crossover clinical trial. Subjects were randomly allocated to one of the two interventions: drink containing 700 mg of Ca (DAIR) or drink containing 0 mg of Ca (CONT) for ninety consecutive days each. Energy-restricted diets (-500 kcal/d; -2092 kJ/d), containing 800 mg of Ca from dietary sources/d, were prescribed for both groups. Questionnaires were applied at baseline and at the end of the study to assess the subjects' knowledge on the disease and on self-care, biochemical variables and physical activity. Blood pressure, food intake, body composition and anthropometry were assessed at baseline, days 45 and 90. There was a higher reduction of body fat %, waist circumference, hip circumference, neck circumference, waist:hip ratio, sagittal abdominal diameter, diastolic/systolic blood pressure and an increase in fat-free mass % in DAIR than in CONT. Uric acid, fasting glucose, Hb1Ac, parathyroid hormone and alanine aminotransferase concentrations reduced and vitamin D concentration increased after 90 d in DAIR compared with CONT. The consumption of energy-restricted diet containing 1200 mg Ca/d seems to favour metabolic control in subjects with T2DM. The educational activities increased the knowledge on the disease care.
Effect of Protein Supplementation on Physical Performance in Older People With Sarcopenia-A Randomized Controlled Trial.; OBJECTIVES: To test the long-term effects of whey-enriched protein supplementation on muscle and physical performance., DESIGN: A 12-month randomized controlled double blind trial with a 43-month of post-trial follow-up., SETTING: Porvoo, Finland., PARTICIPANTS: A total of 218 older (>74 years of age) community-dwelling people with sarcopenia., INTERVENTION: (1) Control with no supplementation; (2) isocaloric placebo; and (3) 20 g x 2 whey-enriched protein supplementation. All participants were given instructions on home-based exercise, dietary protein, and vitamin D supplementation of 20 mug/d., MEASUREMENTS: Physical performance was assessed by short physical performance battery and continuous summary physical performance scores. Hand grip strength and calf intracellular resistance based skeletal muscle index were measured by bioimpedance spectroscopy. The measurements were performed at 0, 6, and 12 months. The post-trial follow-up was performed by a postal questionnaire and national census record data., RESULTS: The participants were older (75-96 years of age) and mostly women (68%). The test supplements had no significant effects on physical performance; the 12-month changes for short physical performance battery were -0.55, -.05, and 0.03 points in control, isocaloric, and protein groups (P = .17), respectively. The changes in continuous summary physical performance scores were similar between the intervention groups (P = .76). The hand grip strength decreased significantly in all intervention groups, and the 12-month changes in calf intracellular resistance-based skeletal muscle index were minor and there were no differences between the intervention groups. One-half of the patients (56%) in both supplement groups reported mild gastrointestinal adverse effects. Differences were found neither in the all-cause mortality nor physical functioning in the post-trial follow-up., CONCLUSIONS: The whey-enriched protein supplementation in combination with low intensity home-based physical exercise did not attenuate the deterioration of muscle and physical performance in community-dwelling older people with sarcopenia. Copyright © 2019 AMDA - The Society for Post-Acute and Long-Term Care Medicine. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Breakfast consumption and obesity among preadolescents: An epidemiological study.; BACKGROUND: This study aimed to examine the association between breakfast consumption and childhood weight status, in relation to various socioeconomic and lifestyle factors., METHODS: A cross-sectional survey was conducted including 1,728 children aged 10-12 years and their parents, during the school years 2014-2016. Primary schools from five Greek counties (including the Athens metropolitan area) were randomly selected. Parental and child data were collected through self-administered, anonymous questionnaires. Children's weight status was based on gender- and age-specific tables derived from the International Obesity Task Force body mass index cutoffs. Logistic regression was used to determine the association between frequency and type of breakfast consumption and children's weight status., RESULTS: The frequency of breakfast consumption was not associated with childhood overweight or obesity, even when other factors were included in the analysis like sex, age, physical activity, meals / day, family annual income, parental weight status, parental physical activity level, parental educational level and parental employment status. From the nine foods that were included only the consumption of bread or rusks and chocolate milk were found to have a negative association with childhood overweight or obesity (odds ratio: 0.51; 95% CI: 0.34, 0.79 and OR: 0.50; 95% CI: 0.28, 0.87, respectively)., CONCLUSIONS: The result that frequency of breakfast consumption was not associated with children's overweight / obesity may lead to a deeper investigation of the foods consumed during breakfast. Bread or rusks and chocolate milk seemed to have a protective effect; further nutritional analysis is needed to explore the potential mechanisms of this observation. Copyright © 2019 Japan Pediatric Society.
Effect of milk fat on LDL cholesterol and other cardiovascular risk markers in healthy humans: the INNOVALAIT project.; BACKGROUND: Milk has a specific saturated fatty acid profile and its calcium content may change the kinetics of fat absorption., OBJECTIVE: The goal of this study was to compare the effect on LDL Cholesterol and other risk markers of four isolipidic diets differing by their fat food source, vegetable fat, spring milk fat, winter milk fat or winter milk fat supplemented with calcium, in healthy moderately hypercholesterolemic humans., INDIVIDUALS AND METHODS: This double-blind, randomized trial with four parallel arms included 172 healthy adults with plasma LDL cholesterol (LDL-C) from 130 to 220 mg/dL and triglycerides below 300 mg/dL. Individual meal plans ensured a stable energy intake. In the three diets containing milk fat, milk fat provided 38% of energy. Vegetable fat and spring milk fat diets provided the same amount of saturated fatty acids while the winter milk fat diets were slightly richer in saturated fatty acids. Vegetable fat diet and winter milk fat diets provided the same amount of palmitic acid (7.0% EI), while the spring milk fat diet was slightly poorer in this fatty acid (5.1% EI). Cardiovascular risk markers were analyzed after 8 weeks of dietary intervention., RESULTS: There was no significant difference in LDL-C and other markers, except total cholesterol (TC), apo C3 and CRP. TC was significantly higher with spring milk fat than with vegetable fat., CONCLUSIONS: In this trial, the chosen vegetable fat did not have a significant beneficial effect on LDL-C compared to dairy fat. However, sub-group analysis showed differences in TC, apo C3 and CRP. These results need confirmation and long-term studies aiming at cardiovascular endpoints are warranted.
Does maternal smoking in pregnancy explain the differences in the body composition trajectory between breastfed and formula-fed infants?.; Growth patterns are known to differ between breastfed and formula-fed infants, but little is known about the relative impact of maternal smoking in pregnancy v. feeding mode on growth trajectory in infancy. We conducted a secondary analysis of a trial, the Tolerance of Infant Goat Milk Formula and Growth Assessment trial involving 290 healthy infants, to examine whether smoking in pregnancy modified the association between feeding mode and body composition of infants. Fat mass (FM) and fat-free mass (FFM) were estimated at 1, 2, 3, 4, 6 and 12 months of age using bioimpedance spectroscopy. Formula-fed infants (n 190) had a higher mean FFM at 4 months (mean difference (MD) 160 g, 95 % CI 50.4, 269.5 g, P < 0.05)) and 6 months (MD 179 g, 95 % CI 41.5, 316.9 g, P < 0.05) compared with the breastfed infants (n 100). Sub-group analysis of breastfed v. formula-fed infants by maternal smoking status in pregnancy showed that there were no differences in the FM and FFM between the breastfed and formula-fed infants whose mothers did not smoke in pregnancy. Formula-fed infants whose mothers smoked in pregnancy were smaller at birth and had a lower FM% and higher FFM% at 1 month compared with infants of non-smoking mothers regardless of feeding mode, but the differences were not significant at other time points. Adequately powered prospective studies with an appropriate design are warranted to better understand the relative impact of maternal smoking, feeding practice and the growth trajectory of infants.
Nutritional interventions to reduce rates of infection, necrotizing enterocolitis and mortality in very preterm infants.; Observational studies demonstrating reduced rates of infections, necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC), and mortality in preterm infants fed their own mother's milk, as opposed to formula, have prompted endeavors to achieve similar effects with the right choice of food and food additives. In a systematic review of meta-analyses and randomized controlled trials (RCTs), we considered nutritional interventions aimed at reducing the rates of infections, NEC, or mortality in very preterm infants. The overall effects of particular interventions were presented as risk ratios with 95% confidence intervals. In RCTs, pasteurized human donor milk, as opposed to formula, reduced NEC but not infections or mortality. No differences emerged between infants receiving human or bovine milk-based fortifiers. Pooled data of small trials and a recent large RCT suggested that bovine lactoferrin reduced rates of fungal sepsis without impact on other infections, NEC, or mortality. Pooled data of RCTs assessing the use of prebiotic oligosaccharides found reduced infection but not mortality. Enteral L-glutamine (six RCTs) lowered infection rates, and enteral L-arginine (three RCTs) reduced NEC. A meta-analysis sensitivity approach found multiple-strain (but not single-strain) probiotics to be highly effective in reducing NEC and mortality. Thus, selected food components may help to improve outcomes in preterm infants.
The lipid-lowering effect of once-daily soya drink fortified with phytosterols in normocholesterolaemic Chinese: a double-blind randomized controlled trial.; PURPOSE: Phytosterols reduce intestinal cholesterol absorption and help to lower LDL-cholesterol. Many Chinese adults are lactose-intolerant and cannot tolerate bovine milk enriched with phytosterol. Soya-milk is a common beverage in Asia and it has beneficial effects on general health. We therefore conducted a randomized double-blind controlled trial to assess the effectiveness of a phytosterols-enriched soya drink in lowering serum LDL-cholesterol level (primary outcome) and other cardiovascular parameters (secondary outcomes)., METHODS: One hundred and fifty-nine normocholesterolaemic participants (85 men and 74 women; aged 19-79) were randomized to daily intake of one serving of phytosterols-enriched soya drink (N = 82), equivalent to 2 g of phytosterol per day, or a matched soya drink without phytosterols (N = 77) for 3 weeks. Adverse events, withdrawal and compliance were documented., RESULTS: Among the treatment group (N = 82), phytosterols-enriched soya drink significantly decreased LDL-cholesterol by 5.96% (SE 1.48, 95% CI - 8.91%, - 3.00%) with a median of 6.74% compared with baseline, resulting in a significant reduction of 4.70% (95% CI - 8.89%, - 0.51%; p = 0.028) with a median of 5.20% compared with placebo (N = 77). In contrast, there were no significant changes in other lipid parameters, blood glucose, blood pressure, body weight or waist circumference. Remarkably, 95% of the participants randomized to the fortified drink reported no adverse events at all., CONCLUSIONS: Daily consumption of a phytosterols-enriched soya drink may be a simple and cost-neutral means of lowering LDL-cholesterol in individuals in China, with massive population and rising incidence of coronary heart disease (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT02881658; date of registration: 14 Aug 2016).
Effects of TAT-SOD at Acupoints on Essential Hypertension by Monitoring Meridians Electrical Potential.; OBJECTIVES: To investigate the effect on essential hypertension of the topical application of TAT-Cu, Zn-superoxide dismutase (TAT-SOD) at left acupoint Zusanli (ST 36), and to observe whether the change of electrical potential difference (EPD) can be related to the change of blood pressure., METHODS: Sixteen patients with essential hypertension and 16 healthy subjects were included in the study. EPD between the left acupoints of Yanglingquan (GB 34) and Qiuxu (GB 40) was firstly screened out for the EPD detection. An intracellular superoxide quenching enzyme, TAT-SOD, was topically applied to the acupoint ST 36 within an area of 1 cm2 once a day, and the influence on EPD was investigated. The dosage applied to TAT-SOD group (n=8) was 0.2 mL of 3000 U/mL TAT-SOD cream prepared by adding purified TAT-SOD to a vehicle cream, while placebo group (n=8) used the vehicle cream instead. The left acupoints of Yanglingquan (GB 34) and Qiuxu (GB 40) were selected for EPD measurement after comparing EPD readings between 5 acupoints on each of all 12 meridians., RESULTS: EPDs between the left acupoints of GB 34 and GB 40 for 16 patients of essential hypertension and 16 healthy subjects were 44.9+/-6.4 and 5.6+/-0.9 mV, respectively. Daily application of TAT-SOD for 15 days at ST 36 of essential hypertension patients significantly decreased systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) of 179.6 and 81.5 mm Hg to 153.1 and 74.1 mm Hg, respectively. Responding to the change in blood pressure, EPD between the left acupoints of GB 34 and GB 40 also declined from 44.4 to 22.8 mV with the same trend. No change was observed with SBP, DBP and EPD between the left acupoints of GB 34 and GB 40 with the daily application of the placebo cream., CONCLUSION: Enzymatic scavenging of the intracellular superoxide at ST 36 proved to be effective in decreasing SBP and DBP. The results reconfirm the involvement of superoxide anions and its transportation along the meridians, and demonstrate that EPD between acupoints may be an indicator to reflect its functioning status. Moreover, preliminary results suggest a close correlation between EPD and blood pressure readings, implying a possibility of using EPD as a sensitive parameter for blood pressure and to monitor the effect of antihypertensive treatment.
Treatment of atopic dermatitis with ruxolitinib cream (JAK1/JAK2 inhibitor) or triamcinolone cream.; BACKGROUND: Atopic dermatitis (AD) is a highly pruritic chronic inflammatory skin disorder. Ruxolitinib, a selective inhibitor of Janus kinase 1 and Janus kinase 2, potently suppresses cytokine signaling involved in AD pathogenesis., OBJECTIVE: We sought to evaluate the efficacy and safety of ruxolitinib (RUX) cream in adults with AD., METHODS: In this phase 2 study (NCT03011892), 307 adult patients with AD, an Investigator's Global Assessment score of 2 or 3 (mild or moderate), and 3% to 20% affected body surface area were equally randomized for 8 weeks of double-blind treatment to RUX (1.5% twice daily [BID], 1.5% once daily [QD], 0.5% QD, 0.15% QD), vehicle, or triamcinolone cream (0.1% BID for 4 weeks, then vehicle for 4 weeks). Subsequently, patients could apply 1.5% RUX BID for 4 additional weeks of open-label treatment. The primary end point was the comparison between 1.5% RUX cream BID and vehicle in mean percentage change from baseline in Eczema Area and Severity Index at week 4., RESULTS: All RUX regimens demonstrated therapeutic benefit at week 4; 1.5% BID provided the greatest improvement in Eczema Area and Severity Index (71.6% vs 15.5%; P < .0001) and Investigator's Global Assessment responses (38.0% vs 7.7%; P < .001) versus vehicle. Rapid reductions in the itch numerical rating scale score occurred within 36 hours (1.5% BID vs vehicle, -1.8 vs -0.2; P < .0001) and were sustained through 12 weeks. Patients who transitioned to 1.5% RUX BID improved in all measures. RUX was not associated with clinically significant application-site reactions., CONCLUSIONS: RUX cream provided rapid and sustained improvements in AD symptoms and was well tolerated. Copyright © 2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Acute effects of an isocaloric macronutrient-matched breakfast meal containing almonds on glycemic, hormonal, and appetite responses in men with type 2 diabetes: a randomized crossover study.; This randomized crossover study assessed the acute effects of almonds on postprandial glycemic, hormonal, and appetite responses in a sample of 7 men with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Participants completed 2 experimental visits during which a control (white bread, butter, cheese) and a test (white bread, almonds) meal were ingested. Energy, available carbohydrate, total lipid, and protein content were the same in both meals. Blood samples were collected in fasting state as well as 15, 30, 60, 90, 120, and 240 min postprandially for quantifying blood glucose, as well as insulin and glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) serum concentrations. Subjective appetite sensations were assessed using visual analog scales at the same time-points. Within this sample of participants, the test meal was found to be associated with lower postprandial glycemia and insulinemia, higher GLP-1 serum concentrations, decreased hunger and desire to eat, and increased fullness. The test meal was also associated with an increased estimated glucose metabolic clearance rate, indicating higher postprandial insulin sensitivity. Overall, results suggest that almonds' macronutrient subtype profile could have a beneficial impact on postprandial glycemic, hormonal, and appetite responses in men with T2D. Studies with larger sample sizes are warranted to confirm these findings. Novelty A meal containing almonds (vs. isocaloric macronutrient-matched control) induced lower glycemic and insulinemic responses. A meal containing almonds (vs. isocaloric macronutrient-matched control) induced a greater elevation in postprandial GLP-1 serum concentrations. A meal containing almonds (vs. isocaloric macronutrient-matched control) induced more favourable postprandial appetite responses.
Nut and peanut butter intake are not directly associated with the risk of endometrial or ovarian cancer: Results from a Dutch prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Nut intake has been associated with reduced cancer-related mortality and cancer risk. However, very few studies investigated the association between nut consumption and the risk of endometrial and ovarian cancer, with inconclusive results. We prospectively examined the relation between total nut, tree nut, peanut, and peanut butter intake and the risk of endometrial and ovarian cancer in the prospective Netherlands Cohort Study (NLCS)., METHODS: In 1986, 62,573 women aged 55-69 years were included in the NLCS. At baseline, all participants filled in a questionnaire and a subcohort of 2589 women was randomly selected. After 20.3 years of follow-up, 389 endometrial and 347 ovarian cancer cases with complete data were included in the analysis. Hazard ratios (HRs) were calculated in multivariable-adjusted Cox regression analyses, using a case-cohort approach., RESULTS: Compared to nonconsumers, the HRs (95% confidence intervals) for women consuming 10 + g total nuts/day were 1.23 (0.82-1.87) for endometrial cancer and 0.84 (0.57-1.24) for ovarian cancer. For tree nut, peanut, and peanut butter intake, also no significant relations with endometrial or ovarian cancer were observed. In the endometrial cancer analyses, significant interactions of total nut intake with body mass index and cigarette smoking status were found., CONCLUSIONS: The results of this study suggest that intake of total nuts, tree nuts, peanuts, and peanut butter is not related to the risk of endometrial or ovarian cancer. The observed interactions in the endometrial cancer analyses, in particular with cigarette smoking status, require confirmation in other studies. Copyright © 2019 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Adiposity and Fat-Free Mass of Children Born with Very Low Birth Weight Do Not Differ in Children Fed Supplemental Donor Milk Compared with Those Fed Preterm Formula.; BACKGROUND: Many mothers of very-low-birth-weight (VLBW) infants (<1500 g) are unable to provide sufficient breast milk, and supplemental pasteurized donor human milk (donor milk) or preterm formula is required. The composition of donor milk differs from that of mother's milk and infants fed with donor milk often exhibit slower growth during hospitalization. The long-term impact of nutrient-enriched donor milk on growth, body composition, or blood pressure is unknown., OBJECTIVE: We aimed to determine the effects of nutrient-enriched donor milk compared with preterm formula on growth, body composition, and blood pressure of children born preterm and with VLBW. Associations with in-hospital mother's milk intake were explored., METHODS: This study was a follow-up of children at 5.5-y of age who participated in a randomized controlled trial evaluating the effect of nutrient-enriched donor milk (commencing at >=120 mL.kg-1.d-1) or preterm formula fed as a supplement when mother's milk was unavailable. The trial intervention lasted 90 d or until hospital discharge, whichever occurred first. In this follow-up investigation, differences in total body fat percentage determined by using air displacement plethysmography (primary outcome), fat-free mass, skinfold thickness, waist circumference, BMI z scores, and blood pressure] were evaluated using linear regressions., RESULTS: Of 316 surviving infants from the earlier trial, 158 (50%) participated in the current study (53% male). Mean +/- SD birth weight and gestational age were 1013 +/- 264 g and 27.9 +/- 2.5 wk. The median (IQR) intervention period was 67.5 d (52.0-91.0 d). Mean +/- SD age and BMI z score at follow-up were 5.7 +/- 0.2 y and -0.3 +/- 1.2. Supplemental nutrient-enriched donor milk, compared to preterm formula, was not associated with growth, body composition, or blood pressure. In-hospital mother's milk intake was positively associated with height z score at 5.5 y (beta: 0.07; 95% CI: 0.004, 0.1; P = 0.04)., CONCLUSIONS: Supplemental nutrient-enriched donor milk and preterm formula during initial hospitalization results in comparable long-term growth and body composition in young children born VLBW. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02759809 and at isrctn.com as ISRCTN35317141. Copyright © American Society for Nutrition 2019.
Effects of regular-fat and low-fat dairy consumption on daytime ambulatory blood pressure and other cardiometabolic risk factors: a randomized controlled feeding trial.; BACKGROUND: The extent to which dairy products and their fat content influence cardiovascular health remains uncertain., OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to assess how consumption of low-fat milk and regular-fat cheese enriched in gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) influences daytime ambulatory blood pressure (BP) and other cardiometabolic risk factors., METHODS: In this crossover controlled feeding study, 55 healthy men and women with high-normal daytime BP were randomly assigned to sequences of three 6-wk isoenergetic diets, each comprising 1) no dairy (control diet), 2) 3 daily servings of 1% fat milk, and 3) 1 daily serving of 31% fat cheddar cheese naturally enriched in GABA. Total proteins, carbohydrates, and fats were matched across all 3 diets. The additional 2% of energy from SFAs in the cheese diet was replaced by n-6 PUFAs in the other diets., RESULTS: Comparison of postdiet ambulatory systolic BP revealed no difference (P = 0.34), which was also the case for ambulatory diastolic BP (P = 0.45). The cheese diet increased serum LDL-cholesterol concentrations compared with the control and milk diets (+5.8%, P = 0.006 and +7.0%, P = 0.0008, respectively) and increased LDL particle size compared with the milk diet (P = 0.02). HDL-cholesterol concentrations after the milk diet were lower than after the control diet (-4.1%; P = 0.009). The milk and cheese diets increased triglycerides compared with the control diet (+9.9%, P = 0.01 and +10.5%, P = 0.007, respectively). There was no significant difference between all diets for C-reactive protein concentrations and markers of glucose/insulin homeostasis., CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that short-term consumption of dairy products, whether low or regular in fat, has no overall effect on daytime ambulatory BP compared with a dairy-free diet. Other cardiometabolic risk factors may be differently modified according to the fat content of the dairy product. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02763930. Copyright © Her Majesty the Queen in Right of Canada, as represented by the Minister of Agriculture and Agri-Food, 2019.
A randomized clinical trial comparing vaginal laser therapy to vaginal estrogen therapy in women with genitourinary syndrome of menopause: The VeLVET Trial.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study was to compare 6-month efficacy and safety for treatment of vaginal dryness/genitourinary syndrome of menopause in women undergoing fractionated CO2 vaginal laser therapy to women using estrogen vaginal cream., METHODS: This multicenter, randomized trial compared fractionated CO2 laser to estrogen cream at 6 institutions. We included menopausal women with significant vaginal atrophy symptoms and we excluded women with prolapse below stage 2, recent pelvic surgery, prior mesh surgery, active genital infection, history of estrogen sensitive malignancy, and other autoimmune conditions. The primary outcome was the visual analog scale vaginal dryness score. Secondary outcomes included evaluation of vaginal atrophy, quality of life symptoms, assessment of sexual function, and urinary symptoms. Adverse events (AEs) and patient global impression of improvement (PGI-I) and satisfaction were also assessed., RESULTS: Sixty-nine women were enrolled in this trial before enrollment was closed due to the Federal Drug Administration requiring the sponsor to obtain and maintain an Investigational Device Exemption. Of the 69 participants enrolled, 62 completed the 6-month protocol; 30 women were randomized to the laser and 32 to estrogen cream from June 2016 to September 2017. Demographics did not differ between groups except the laser group was less parous (0 [range 0-4] vs 2 [0-6], P = 0.04). On patient global impression, 85.8% of laser participants rated their improvement as "better or much better" and 78.5% reported being either "satisfied or very satisfied" compared to 70% and 73.3% in the estrogen group; this was not statistically different between groups. On linear regression, mean difference in female sexual function index scores was no longer statistically significant; and, vaginal maturation index scores remained higher in the estrogen group (adj P value 0.02); although, baseline and 6-month follow-up vaginal maturation index data were only available for 34 participants (16 laser, 18 estrogen)., CONCLUSIONS: At 6 months, fractionated CO2 vaginal laser and vaginal estrogen treatment resulted in similar improvement in genitourinary syndrome of menopause symptoms as well as urinary and sexual function. Overall, 70% to 80% of participants were satisfied or very satisfied with either treatment and there were no serious adverse events. : Video Summary:http://links.lww.com/MENO/A470.
Intake of whey isolate supplement and muscle mass gains in young healthy adults when combined with resistance training: a blinded randomized clinical trial (pilot study).; BACKGROUND: Whey protein is consumed worldwide by athletes due to its alleged benefits on muscle mass and strength. Because of its rich branched chain amino acids content, namely leucine, whey appears to favor muscle protein synthesis through the mTOR pathway in combination with resistance training, when taken after exercise in sufficient amounts., METHODS: In the present study resistance trained (>=3 months) participants (men and women) between the age of 18 and 30 years old were randomized in a blinded fashion to whey protein isolate (N.=4) and an isocaloric placebo (N.=4) groups. Both groups were subjected to a 12-week RT protocol designed to increase muscle mass and strength. Muscle thickness of the biceps brachii (BB) at 67% of its length and quadriceps muscles, vastus lateralis (VL); vastus intermidius (VI) and rectus femoris (R.F.) at 30% and 50% of its length were assessed using ultrasound technique. Muscle strength was assessed using an isokinetic protocol at angular velocities of 60.s-1 (5 repetitions) and 180.s-1 (10 repetitions) with a range of motion of 0 to 100 on a dynamometer to determine peak torque (PT). Lean body mass (LBM) and body fat percentage (%BF) were assessed using a body composition analyzer through segmental multi-frequency bioelectrical impedance method. All variables were assessed before and after interventions., RESULTS: Results show an increase in muscle thickness of all muscles from RT except for V.L. and RF at 30% (P>0.05) with an increase in VI at 50% (P=0.045) and a trend in VI at 30% (P=0.075) related to whey protein intake. PT increased with RT for all knee flexors/extensors (P<0.05) and for elbow flexors/extensors at 60 extension and 180 flexion (P<0.05) with no effect from whey. LBM increased with RT (P=0.015) and %BF was maintained during the trial (P>0.05). No interactions were found between training and supplementation., CONCLUSIONS: Supplementation with whey protein, combined with RT can increase muscle mass with no effects on muscle strength. Whey protein supplementation may alter body composition in favor of additional fat free mass with no significant changes in body fat.
Is olive oil good for you? A systematic review and meta-analysis on anti-inflammatory benefits from regular dietary intake.; The prevalence of non-communicable diseases is rapidly increasing, and evidence shows that diet and lifestyle are key areas of intervention to decrease their burden. Olive oil is considered one of the key nutritional components responsible for the benefits of the Mediterranean diet, which is characterized by the use of olive oil in meals as the main source of fat; a high consumption of water, fruits, nuts, vegetables, legumes, whole grains, spices, and herbs; a moderate consumption of dairy products (mainly cheese and yogurt), fish, poultry, and red wine; and a reduced consumption of red meat and processed foods. The aim of this review was to summarize evidence from randomized controlled trials on the effect of regular dietary intake of olive oil on three inflammatory markers: C-reactive protein, interleukin-6, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha. Reviewed RCTs reveal beneficial effects of olive oil by reducing levels of inflammation markers. Olive oil taken on a regular basis can be a good dietary fat alternative, especially to manage IL-6. However, further research is required to clarify the effects of olive oil consumption on inflammation, comparing to other fats. Moreover, olive oil daily dosage, different time-lenght intervention and follow-up periods should be taken into consideration. Copyright © 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Comparing the efficacy of field treatments for actinic keratosis: a critical appraisal of a randomized trial in the New England Journal of Medicine.; AIM: Jansen et al. conducted a randomized trial to compare the efficacy of four field treatments for actinic keratosis (AK)., SETTING AND DESIGN: This was a multicentre, single-blind, randomized trial conducted in the dermatology departments of four Netherlands hospitals. Patients were not blinded. The investigator who evaluated the trial outcome was blinded., STUDY EXPOSURE: This study included adult patients with at least five AKs on the face or vertex scalp. Patients were randomized to treatment with fluorouracil 5% cream, imiquimod 5% cream, methyl aminolaevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL-PDT) or ingenol mebutate 0.015% gel., OUTCOMES: The primary outcome was whether patients had >= 75% reduction in AK count 12 months after treatment., RESULTS: In total 624 patients participated. The likelihood of having >= 75% reduction in AK count 12 months after treatment was significantly higher (twice as high or greater) for fluorouracil than for any other therapy. Approximately 75% of patients treated with fluorouracil experienced >= 75% reduction in AK count at 12 months., CONCLUSIONS: Jansen et al. conclude that 1 year after treatment, fluorouracil was significantly more effective at AK reduction than imiquimod, MAL-PDT or ingenol mebutate. Copyright © 2020 British Association of Dermatologists.
Long-term clinical outcomes of imiquimod 5% cream vs. diclofenac 3% gel for actinic keratosis on the face or scalp: a pooled analysis of two randomized controlled trials.; BACKGROUND: Actinic keratosis (AK) is an early in situ epidermal cancer which can progress to invasive squamous cell carcinoma (SCC). Imiquimod 5% cream (IMIQ) and diclofenac 3% gel (DIC) are frequently used to treat AK; however, their long-term effects following repeated treatment cycles have never been compared., OBJECTIVE: To compare IMIQ and DIC in the treatment of AK with respect to the risk of change to grade III AK or invasive SCC, after 3 years., METHODS: Data were pooled from two randomized, active-controlled, open-label, multicentre, multinational, phase IV studies (Clinicaltrials.gov NCT00777127/NCT01453179), with two parallel groups. Studies were conducted between 2008 and 2015 and were almost identical in design. Patients eligible for inclusion were immunocompetent adults with 5-10 visible AK lesions on the face/scalp and grade I/II AK. The primary endpoint was inhibition of histological change to grade III AK or invasive SCC in the study treatment area, observed until month 36. Patients applied either IMIQ or DIC for a maximum of six treatment cycles., RESULTS: In total, 479 patients (IMIQ 242; DIC 237) were included in the full analysis set. Histological change to grade III AK or invasive SCC was observed until month 36 in 13 (5.4%) patients treated with IMIQ, compared with 26 (11.0%) patients treated with DIC (absolute risk difference -5.6% [95% confidence interval -10.7%, -0.7%]). Time to histological change was greater in the IMIQ group than the DIC group (P = 0.0266). Frequency of progression to invasive SCC was lower with IMIQ than with DIC at all time points. Initial clearance rate was higher in the IMIQ group compared with the DIC group, while recurrence rate was lower. Both treatments were well tolerated., CONCLUSIONS: Over 3 years, IMIQ was superior to DIC in clearing AK lesions and preventing histological change to grade III AK or invasive SCC and recurrence. Copyright © 2019 The Authors. Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Food fortification with multiple micronutrients: impact on health outcomes in general population.; BACKGROUND: Vitamins and minerals are essential for growth and maintenance of a healthy body, and have a role in the functioning of almost every organ. Multiple interventions have been designed to improve micronutrient deficiency, and food fortification is one of them., OBJECTIVES: To assess the impact of food fortification with multiple micronutrients on health outcomes in the general population, including men, women and children., SEARCH METHODS: We searched electronic databases up to 29 August 2018, including the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trial (CENTRAL), the Cochrane Effective Practice and Organisation of Care (EPOC) Group Specialised Register and Cochrane Public Health Specialised Register; MEDLINE; Embase, and 20 other databases, including clinical trial registries. There were no date or language restrictions. We checked reference lists of included studies and relevant systematic reviews for additional papers to be considered for inclusion., SELECTION CRITERIA: We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs), cluster-RCTs, quasi-randomised trials, controlled before-after (CBA) studies and interrupted time series (ITS) studies that assessed the impact of food fortification with multiple micronutrients (MMNs). Primary outcomes included anaemia, micronutrient deficiencies, anthropometric measures, morbidity, all-cause mortality and cause-specific mortality. Secondary outcomes included potential adverse outcomes, serum concentration of specific micronutrients, serum haemoglobin levels and neurodevelopmental and cognitive outcomes. We included food fortification studies from both high-income and low- and middle-income countries (LMICs)., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Two review authors independently screened, extracted and quality-appraised the data from eligible studies. We carried out statistical analysis using Review Manager 5 software. We used random-effects meta-analysis for combining data, as the characteristics of study participants and interventions differed significantly. We set out the main findings of the review in 'Summary of findings' tables, using the GRADE approach., MAIN RESULTS: We identified 127 studies as relevant through title/abstract screening, and included 43 studies (48 papers) with 19,585 participants (17,878 children) in the review. All the included studies except three compared MMN fortification with placebo/no intervention. Two studies compared MMN fortification versus iodised salt and one study compared MMN fortification versus calcium fortification alone. Thirty-six studies targeted children; 20 studies were conducted in LMICs. Food vehicles used included staple foods, such as rice and flour; dairy products, including milk and yogurt; non-dairy beverages; biscuits; spreads; and salt. Fourteen of the studies were fully commercially funded, 13 had partial-commercial funding, 14 had non-commercial funding and two studies did not specify the source of funding. We rated all the evidence as of low to very low quality due to study limitations, imprecision, high heterogeneity and small sample size. When compared with placebo/no intervention, MMN fortification may reduce anaemia by 32% (risk ratio (RR) 0.68, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.56 to 0.84; 11 studies, 3746 participants; low-quality evidence), iron deficiency anaemia by 72% (RR 0.28, 95% CI 0.19 to 0.39; 6 studies, 2189 participants; low-quality evidence), iron deficiency by 56% (RR 0.44, 95% CI 0.32 to 0.60; 11 studies, 3289 participants; low-quality evidence); vitamin A deficiency by 58% (RR 0.42, 95% CI 0.28 to 0.62; 6 studies, 1482 participants; low-quality evidence), vitamin B2 deficiency by 64% (RR 0.36, 95% CI 0.19 to 0.68; 1 study, 296 participants; low-quality evidence), vitamin B6 deficiency by 91% (RR 0.09, 95% CI 0.02 to 0.38; 2 studies, 301 participants; low-quality evidence), vitamin B12 deficiency by 58% (RR 0.42, 95% CI 0.25 to 0.71; 3 studies, 728 participants; low-quality evidence), weight-for-age z-scores (WAZ) (mean difference (MD) 0.1, 95% CI 0.02 to 0.17; 8 studies, 2889 participants; low-quality evidence) and weight-for-height/length z-score (WHZ/WLZ) (MD 0.1, 95% CI 0.02 to 0.18; 6 studies, 1758 participants; low-quality evidence). We are uncertain about the effect of MMN fortification on zinc deficiency (RR 0.84, 95% CI 0.65 to 1.08; 5 studies, 1490 participants; low-quality evidence) and height/length-for-age z-score (HAZ/LAZ) (MD 0.09, 95% CI 0.01 to 0.18; 8 studies, 2889 participants; low-quality evidence). Most of the studies in this comparison were conducted in children. Subgroup analyses of funding sources (commercial versus non-commercial) and duration of intervention did not demonstrate any difference in effects, although this was a relatively small number of studies and the possible association between commercial funding and increased effect estimates has been demonstrated in the wider health literature. We could not conduct subgroup analysis by food vehicle and funding; since there were too few studies in each subgroup to draw any meaningful conclusions. When we compared MMNs versus iodised salt, we are uncertain about the effect of MMN fortification on anaemia (R 0.86, 95% CI 0.37 to 2.01; 1 study, 88 participants; very low-quality evidence), iron deficiency anaemia (RR 0.40, 95% CI 0.09 to 1.83; 2 studies, 245 participants; very low-quality evidence), iron deficiency (RR 0.98, 95% CI 0.82 to 1.17; 1 study, 88 participants; very low-quality evidence) and vitamin A deficiency (RR 0.19, 95% CI 0.07 to 0.55; 2 studies, 363 participants; very low-quality evidence). Both of the studies were conducted in children. Only one study conducted in children compared MMN fortification versus calcium fortification. None of the primary outcomes were reported in the study. None of the included studies reported on morbidity, adverse events, all-cause or cause-specific mortality., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: The evidence from this review suggests that MMN fortification when compared to placebo/no intervention may reduce anaemia, iron deficiency anaemia and micronutrient deficiencies (iron, vitamin A, vitamin B2 and vitamin B6). We are uncertain of the effect of MMN fortification on anthropometric measures (HAZ/LAZ, WAZ and WHZ/WLZ). There are no data to suggest possible adverse effects of MMN fortification, and we could not draw reliable conclusions from various subgroup analyses due to a limited number of studies in each subgroup. We remain cautious about the level of commercial funding in this field, and the possibility that this may be associated with higher effect estimates, although subgroup analysis in this review did not demonstrate any impact of commercial funding. These findings are subject to study limitations, imprecision, high heterogeneity and small sample sizes, and we rated most of the evidence low to very low quality. and hence no concrete conclusions could be drawn from the findings of this review. Copyright © 2019 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Effectiveness of provision of animal-source foods for supporting optimal growth and development in children 6 to 59 months of age.; BACKGROUND: Adequate nutrients early in life promote cognitive development and are critical for proper growth and functioning. The effect of individual nutrients consumed through food is often not the same as consuming the same nutrients in supplementary form due to 'food synergy', the biological and chemical interrelations that occur between nutrients. Animal-source foods, such as eggs, meat, fish, and dairy, are energy dense and contain multiple micronutrients and essential fatty acids with high bioavailability. The benefits of animal-source foods may include higher food synergy relative to fortified foods as well as decreasing dependence on external suppliers of fortified foods., OBJECTIVES: To assess the effectiveness of animal-source foods compared to any other feeding interventions or no intervention in improving growth and developmental outcomes in children aged 6 to 59 months., SEARCH METHODS: We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL, 18 other databases, and three trials registers up to August 2018. We also contacted authors and known experts in the field for assistance in identifying ongoing or unpublished data, and searched the reference lists of included studies and reviews, and websites of relevant organizations, for other studies that may not have been captured by our electronic searches., SELECTION CRITERIA: We included randomized controlled trials and quasi-randomized controlled trials of any duration, where children between 5 months and 59 months (6 years) of age were provided with an animal-source food (e.g. consumption of milk, meat, or eggs), prepared with any cooking method, compared with any intervention or no intervention., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Two review authors independently assessed trial eligibility using prespecified criteria, extracted data, assessed risk of bias, and graded the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach., MAIN RESULTS: Study characteristicsWe included 6 studies that analyzed data from 3036 children aged 5 to 50 months. The studies were conducted in China, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Ecuador, Guatemala, Pakistan, the USA, and Zambia, and lasted between 5 and 12 months. Three studies were funded, in part, by government entities; one study was supported by a nonprofit organization. Two studies did not report a funding source.Three studies compared the effects of feeding an animal-source food with a fortified (iron or iron and zinc), or unfortified cereal; two used a control group with no intervention; one compared a meat-based diet to a dairy-based diet. The types of animal-source foods tested included yogurt, eggs, cheese, lyophilized (freeze-dried) beef product, ground and frozen pork, pureed and jarred beef with gravy or pork, and powdered whey protein. We judged four studies to be at unclear risk of bias overall; three studies because they were funded by an industry with a plausible interest in the outcome of the intervention; and one study because there was insufficient information to assess five of the seven bias 'Risk of bias' domains. We judged two of the six studies to be at high risk of bias overall; one study because there was significant baseline imbalance in length-for-age z scores (LAZ) between groups and evidence of selective reporting; the other study because there there was both a significant baseline imbalance in LAZ and weight-for-age z scores (WAZ) between groups, and a large-scale social media campaign that may have influenced care received at home in the control group.Key resultsAnimal-source foods versus cereal-based foods or no interventionFive studies (2972 children) measured change in linear growth with either height-for-age z scores (HAZ) or LAZ. Three studies (592 children) reported a significant increase in HAZ and LAZ in the intervention group compared to the control group. Two studies (2380 children) reported a decline in LAZ in both groups. In one study (1062 children) there was no difference between the groups in the rate of decline; in the other (1318 children) the decrease in LAZ was significantly smaller in the intervention group.Five studies (2972 children) measured weight gain using WAZ. Three studies (592 children) reported a significant increase in WAZ in the intervention group compared to the control group. In two studies (2380 children), WAZ decreased in both groups. In one of these studies (1318 children), the decrease in the intervention group was significantly smaller than in the control group. In the other study (1062 children), there was no difference between the groups.Three studies (1612 children) reported impacts on all-cause morbidity, but metrics were inconsistent between studies. One study with yogurt (402 children) reported a significant reduction in duration and incidence of diarrhea and upper respiratory infections in the intervention group. One study with eggs (148 children) reported a significant increase in the incidence of diarrhea in the intervention group, but this may have been due to cultural associations with eggs and gastrointestional problems. There were no other significant differences in fever, respiratory infections, or skin conditions between groups. The third study (1062 children) found no differences between intervention and control groups across morbidity measures.No studies reported data on anemia.Meat-based diet versus dairy-based dietOne study (64 children) measured change in LAZ and WAZ in infants fed either a meat-based diet or dairy-based diet. There was a significant increase in LAZ among infants consuming the meat-based diet and a significant decrease in LAZ among infants consuming a dairy-based diet. WAZ increased in both groups, with no significant difference between groups. The study did not assess all-cause morbidity or anemia.Quality of the evidenceWe rated the quality of the evidence as very low overall due to baseline imbalances between intervention and control groups, high heterogeneity in meta-analysis, and imprecision due to wide confidence intervals and inconsistent direction of effects. We have little confidence in the results; further research is likely to change the estimate of magnitude and direction of treatment effect., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: Given the limited quality of the evidence, we are uncertain of the effects of the provision of animal-source food versus cereal products or no intervention on the growth or development of children. More adequately powered trials with deliberately selected animal-source foods are needed.
Yogurt improves insulin resistance and liver fat in obese women with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and metabolic syndrome: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Because consumption of conventional yogurt has beneficial effects in a healthy population, and insulin resistance (IR) is the mutual pathogenesis in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and metabolic syndrome (MetS), we hypothesized that yogurt would ameliorate IR in patients with NAFLD and MetS., OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of yogurt on IR and secondary endpoints including liver fat, gut microbiota, and serum biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress in obese women with NAFLD and MetS., METHODS: One hundred obese women aged 36-66 y with both NAFLD and MetS were randomly assigned to consume 220 g/d of either conventional yogurt or milk for 24 wk. At baseline and week 24, we measured anthropometric indices, serum glucose, insulin, lipids, and cytokines in all participants, and liver fat and gut microbiota in 20 participants randomly selected from each group., RESULTS: Forty-eight participants from the yogurt group and 44 from the milk group completed the intervention. Compared with milk, yogurt significantly decreased the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (-0.53; 95% CI: -1.03, -0.02), fasting insulin (-2.77 mU/L; 95% CI: -4.91, -0.63 mU/L), 2-h insulin (-25.5 mU/L; 95% CI: -33.0, -17.9 mU/L), 2-h area under the curve for insulin (-29.4 mU/L . h; 95% CI: -44.0, -14.8 mU/L . h), alanine aminotransferase (-4.65 U/L; 95% CI: -8.67, -0.64 U/L), intrahepatic lipid (-3.44%; 95% CI: -6.19%, -0.68%), and hepatic fat fraction (-3.48%; 95% CI: -6.34%, -0.63%). Yogurt also decreased serum LPS (-0.31 EU/mL; 95% CI: -0.48, -0.14 EU/mL), fibroblast growth factor 21 (-57.76 pg/mL; 95% CI: -86.32, -29.19 pg/mL), lipids, and biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress, and altered gut microbiota composition. Mediation analysis showed that yogurt may improve IR by reducing serum lipids, inflammation, oxidative stress, and LPS., CONCLUSIONS: Yogurt was better than milk at ameliorating IR and liver fat in obese Chinese women with NAFLD and MetS, possibly by improving lipid metabolism, reducing inflammation, oxidative stress, and LPS, and changing the gut microbiota composition. This trial was registered at www.chictr.org.cn as ChiCTR-IPR-15006801. Copyright © American Society for Nutrition 2019.
Suitability and safety of L-5-methyltetrahydrofolate as a folate source in infant formula: A randomized-controlled trial.; L-5-methyltetrahydrofolate is the predominant folate form in human milk but is currently not approved as a folate source for infant and follow-on formula. We aimed to assess the suitability of L-5-methyltetrahydrofolate as a folate source for infants. Growth and tolerance in healthy term infants fed formulae containing equimolar doses of L-5-methyltetrahydrofolate (10.4 mug/ 100 ml, n = 120, intervention group) or folic acid (10.0 mug/ 100 ml, n = 120, control group) was assessed in a randomized, double-blind, parallel, controlled trial. A reference group of breastfed infants was followed. Both formulae were well accepted without differences in tolerance or occurrence of adverse events. The most common adverse events were common cold, poor weight gain or growth, rash, eczema, or dry skin and respiratory tract infection. Weight gain (the primary outcome) was equivalent in the two groups (95% CI -2.11; 1.68 g/d). In line with this, there was only a small difference in absolute body weight adjusted for birth weight and sex at visit 4 (95% CI -235; 135 g). Equivalence was also shown for gain in head circumference but not for recumbent length gain and increase in calorie intake. Given the nature of the test, this does not indicate an actual difference, and adjusted means at visit 4 were not significantly different for any of these parameters. Infants receiving formula containing L-5-methyltetrahydrofolate had lower mean plasma levels of unmetabolized folic acid (intervention: 0.73 nmol/L, control: 1.15 nmol/L, p<0.0001) and higher levels of red cell folate (intervention: 907.0 +/-192.8 nmol/L, control: 839.4 +/-142.4 nmol/L, p = 0.0095). We conclude that L-5-methyltetrahydrofolate is suitable for use in infant and follow-on formula, and there are no indications of untoward effects. Trial registration: This trial was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02437721).
Towards Prepared mums (TOP-mums) for a healthy start, a lifestyle intervention for women with overweight and a child wish: study protocol for a randomised controlled trial in the Netherlands.; INTRODUCTION: Periconception obesity is associated with a higher risk for adverse perinatal outcomes such as gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, large for gestational age, operative delivery and preterm birth. Lifestyle interventions during pregnancy have resulted in insufficient effects on reducing these perinatal complications. A few reasons for this disappointing effect can be suggested: (1) the time period during pregnancy for improvement of developmental circumstances is too short; (2) the periconception period in which complications originate is not included; and (3) lifestyle interventions may not have been sufficiently multidisciplinary and customised. A preconception lifestyle intervention might be more effective to reduce perinatal complications. Therefore, the aim of the Towards Prepared mums study is to evaluate the effect of a lifestyle intervention starting prior to conception on lifestyle behaviour change., METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This protocol outlines a non-blinded, randomised controlled trial. One hundred and twelve women (18-40 years of age) with overweight or obesity (body mass index>=25.0 kg/m2) who plan to conceive within 1 year will be randomised to either the intervention or care as usual group. The intervention group will receive a multidisciplinary, customised lifestyle intervention stimulating physical activity, a healthy diet and smoking cessation, if applicable. The lifestyle intervention and monitoring will take place until 12 months postpartum. The primary outcome is difference in weight in kg from baseline to 6 weeks postpartum. Secondary outcomes are gestational weight gain, postpartum weight retention, smoking cessation, dietary and physical activity habits. Furthermore, exploratory outcomes include body composition, cardiometabolic alterations, time to pregnancy, need for assisted reproductive technologies, perinatal complications of mother and child, and lung function of the child. Vaginal and oral swabs, samples of faeces, breast milk, placenta and cord blood will be stored for evaluation of microbial flora, epigenetic markers and breast milk composition. Furthermore, a cost-effectiveness analysis will take place., ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: Ethical approval was obtained from the Medical Ethical Committee of Maastricht University Medical Centre+ (NL52452.068.15/METC152026). Knowledge derived from this study will be made available by publications in international peer-reviewed scientific journals and will be presented at (inter)national scientific conferences. A dissemination plan for regional and national implementation of the intervention is developed., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02703753. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2019. Re-use permitted under CC BY-NC. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Effects of Full-Fat and Fermented Dairy Products on Cardiometabolic Disease: Food Is More Than the Sum of Its Parts.; Current dietary recommendations to limit consumption of saturated fat are largely based on early nutrition studies demonstrating a direct link between dietary saturated fat, elevated blood cholesterol levels, and increased risk of cardiovascular disease. As full-fat dairy products are rich in saturated fat, these dietary guidelines recommend consumption of fat-free or low-fat dairy products in place of full-fat dairy. However, dairy products vary greatly in both their nutrient content and their bioactive ingredients, and research increasingly highlights the importance of focusing on whole foods (i.e., the food matrix) as opposed to single nutrients, such as saturated fat. In fact, the weight of evidence from recent large and well-controlled studies, systematic reviews, and meta-analyses of both observational studies and randomized controlled trials indicates that full-fat dairy products, particularly yogurt and cheese, do not exert the detrimental effects on insulin sensitivity, blood lipid profile, and blood pressure as previously predicted on the basis of their sodium and saturated fat contents; they do not increase cardiometabolic disease risk and may in fact protect against cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. Although more research is warranted to adjust for possible confounding factors and to better understand the mechanisms of action of dairy products on health outcomes, it becomes increasingly clear that the recommendation to restrict dietary saturated fat to reduce risk of cardiometabolic disease is getting outdated. Therefore, the suggestion to restrict or eliminate full-fat dairy from the diet may not be the optimal strategy for reducing cardiometabolic disease risk and should be re-evaluated in light of recent evidence. Copyright © American Society for Nutrition 2019.
Effects of relaxation therapy on maternal psychological state, infant growth and gut microbiome: protocol for a randomised controlled trial investigating mother-infant signalling during lactation following late preterm and early term delivery.; Background: Breastfeeding is of great importance for infant health both short and long term, especially for those born preterm. Apart from the socio-economic and cultural factors which may influence a mother's decision on breastfeeding, lactation performance is also influenced by maternal physiological and psychological condition, as well as infant behavioural factors. The aim of this project is to investigate physiological, psychological and anthropological aspects of 'signalling' between mother and infant during lactation in a stressful situation, following late preterm delivery, using an experimental approach., Method: A single blind parallel randomised controlled trial will be conducted in Chinese primiparous mothers who deliver a infant (34 0/7-37 6/7) weeks and plan to exclusively breastfeed. Mothers will be recruited from four local community clinics attached to Beijing Children Hospital. Two home visits will be arranged at one week and eight weeks postpartum. Participants will be randomly assigned to either intervention arm or control (no intervention) before the first home visit. Mothers from the intervention group will be asked to listen to an audio recording with relaxation meditation daily during breastfeeding. Maternal stress and anxiety will be measured at one week and eight week postpartum using Chinese version of Cohen's Perceived Stress Scale (PSS) and Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI). Infant weight and length gain (as SD scores) from one to eight week will be measured using anthropometry. Milk volume will be measured using 48-h test-weighing method. Breast milk samples and mother and infant's stool samples will be collected to measure macronutrient and microbiome content. Anthropometric measurements (weight, length and head circumference) will be performed during all home visits., Discussion: Primary outcomes of this study will be the effect of the intervention on maternal psychological state, and infant growth. Other outcomes will include the effect of the intervention on milk production, infant behaviours, and the microbiome composition in breastmilk and maternal and infant's gut. Results of this study will provide greater understanding about maternal-infant factors which influence the success of breastfeeding, and which may then be useful targets for future interventions., Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT03674632. Registered 14 September 2018. Copyright © The Author(s). 2019.
Healthy lifestyle and breast cancer risk: A case-control study in Morocco.; BACKGROUND: Some modifiable risk factors have been independently associated with breast cancer (BC) risk in Moroccan women, but no studies have investigated their joint association. This study aimed to investigate the association between a Healthy Lifestyle Index (HLI) score and BC risk among Moroccan women., METHODS: In this case-control study, 300 incident BC cases and 300 controls, matched by age and area of residence were recruited. Cases were women newly-diagnosed with histopathologically-confirmed BC at the University Hospital in Fez, Morocco. Controls were randomly selected healthy women recruited from 6 primary health centers in Fez. HLI scores developed within this study were assigned to participants based on 11 factors (red and processed meat, white meat, cream, cheese, fish, fruit and vegetables, physical activity, BMI, smoking, alcohol consumption, and breastfeeding), where 0 was given to unhealthy and 0.5 or 1 to healthy levels of each factor. Conditional and unconditional logistic regression models were used to assess the association between HLI scores and BC risk., RESULTS: Mean of HLI scores were 8.1 (+/-1.1) and 9.0 (+/-0.9) in cases and controls, respectively, p < 0.01. After adjusting for potential confounders, one-point increment in the HLI score was associated with 56% (95% CI, CI: 39-68%), 49% (95% CI: 30-63%), and 59% (95% CI: 40-72%) lower risks of BC in all, premenopausal, and postmenopausal women, respectively., CONCLUSION: High HLI scores were associated with decreased risk of BC in Moroccan women. These findings suggest that BC prevention policies should include strategies for engaging Moroccan women in healthy lifestyles. Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
A reduced-carbohydrate and lactose-free formulation for stabilization among hospitalized children with severe acute malnutrition: A double-blind, randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Children with medically complicated severe acute malnutrition (SAM) have high risk of inpatient mortality. Diarrhea, carbohydrate malabsorption, and refeeding syndrome may contribute to early mortality and delayed recovery. We tested the hypothesis that a lactose-free, low-carbohydrate F75 milk would serve to limit these risks, thereby reducing the number of days in the stabilization phase., METHODS AND FINDINGS: In a multicenter double-blind trial, hospitalized severely malnourished children were randomized to receive standard formula (F75) or isocaloric modified F75 (mF75) without lactose and with reduced carbohydrate. The primary endpoint was time to stabilization, as defined by the World Health Organization (WHO), with intention-to-treat analysis. Secondary outcomes included in-hospital mortality, diarrhea, and biochemical features of malabsorption and refeeding syndrome. The trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov (NCT02246296). Four hundred eighteen and 425 severely malnourished children were randomized to F75 and mF75, respectively, with 516 (61%) enrolled in Kenya and 327 (39%) in Malawi. Children with a median age of 16 months were enrolled between 4 December 2014 and 24 December 2015. One hundred ninety-four (46%) children assigned to F75 and 188 (44%) to mF75 had diarrhea at admission. Median time to stabilization was 3 days (IQR 2-5 days), which was similar between randomized groups (0.23 [95% CI -0.13 to 0.60], P = 0.59). There was no evidence of effect modification by diarrhea at admission, age, edema, or HIV status. Thirty-six and 39 children died before stabilization in the F75 and in mF75 arm, respectively (P = 0.84). Cumulative days with diarrhea (P = 0.27), enteral (P = 0.42) or intravenous fluids (P = 0.19), other serious adverse events before stabilization, and serum and stool biochemistry at day 3 did not differ between groups. The main limitation was that the primary outcome of clinical stabilization was based on WHO guidelines, comprising clinical evidence of recovery from acute illness as well as metabolic stabilization evidenced by recovery of appetite., CONCLUSIONS: Empirically treating hospitalized severely malnourished children during the stabilization phase with lactose-free, reduced-carbohydrate milk formula did not improve clinical outcomes. The biochemical analyses suggest that the lactose-free formulae may still exceed a carbohydrate load threshold for intestinal absorption, which may limit their usefulness in the context of complicated SAM., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02246296.
Phase II randomised control feasibility trial of a nutrition and physical activity intervention after radical prostatectomy for prostate cancer.; OBJECTIVE: Dietary factors and physical activity may alter prostate cancer progression. We explored the feasibility of lifestyle interventions following radical prostatectomy for localised prostate cancer., DESIGN: Patients were recruited into a presurgical observational cohort; following radical prostatectomy, they were offered randomisation into a 2x3 factorial randomised controlled trial (RCT)., SETTING: A single National Health Service trust in the South West of England, UK., PARTICIPANTS: Those with localised prostate cancer and listed for radical prostatectomy were invited to participate., RANDOMISATION: Random allocation was performed by the Bristol Randomised Trial Collaboration via an online system., INTERVENTIONS: Men were randomised into both a modified nutrition group (either increased vegetable and fruit, and reduced dairy milk; or lycopene supplementation; or control) and a physical activity group (brisk walking or control) for 6 months., BLINDING: Only the trial statistician was blind to allocations., PRIMARY OUTCOME MEASURES: Primary outcomes were measures of feasibility: randomisation rates and intervention adherence at 6 months. Collected at trial baseline, three and six months, with daily adherence reported throughout. Our intended adherence rate was 75% or above, the threshold for acceptable adherence was 90%., RESULTS: 108 men entered the presurgical cohort, and 81 were randomised into the postsurgical RCT (randomisation rate: 93.1%) and 75 completed the trial. Of 25 men in the nutrition intervention, 10 (40.0%; 95% CI 23.4% to 59.3%) adhered to the fruit and vegetable recommendations and 18 (72.0%; 95% CI 52.4% to 85.7%) to reduced dairy intake. Adherence to lycopene (n=28), was 78.6% (95% CI 60.5% to 89.8%), while 21/39 adhered to the walking intervention (53.8%; 95% CI 38.6% to 68.4%). Most men were followed up at 6 months (75/81; 92.6%). Three 'possibly related' adverse events were indigestion, abdominal bloating and knee pain., CONCLUSIONS: Interventions were deemed feasible, with high randomisation rates and generally good adherence. A definitive RCT is proposed., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ISRCTN 99048944. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2019. Re-use permitted under CC BY. Published by BMJ.
Peptidase inhibitor 3 and chemokine ligand 27 may serve as biomarkers for actinic keratoses in organ transplant recipients.; Molecular profiling of tissue samples in organ transplant recipients (OTRs) may allow early and minimally invasive identification of actinic keratosis (AK). The aim of this study was to compare mRNA expression profiles of 13 genes, as putative genetic biomarkers of AK, before and after treatment using two different field therapies, and to correlate the results with histological and clinical parameters. For this single-centre prospective randomized intra-patient-controlled study, 10 OTRs with AKs were recruited for field therapy with two cycles of methyl-5-aminolevulinate 16% cream-photodynamic therapy (PDT) at one site and imiquimod 5% cream for four weeks at another site. AKs in the PDT area were reduced significantly at one, two, and six months after completion of the treatment (p < 0.001). The effect of imiquimod was weaker but still significant when evaluated during the same intervals (p < 0.001). By comparing the mRNA expression profiles of various genetic markers before, during, and three months after therapy, we observed specific patterns of expression for skin-derived peptidase inhibitor 3 (PI3) and chemokine ligand 27 (CCL27) in all groups, regardless of the treatment modality. Compared to healthy skin, the expression of PI3 was strongly decreased and that of CCL27 increased in AK lesions before therapy. The expression level of both genes showed a significant convergence to values observed in healthy skin in both groups after therapy. The pattern and level of specific gene expression in actinic keratoses could serve as a biomarker.
Clinical Impact of Highly Purified, Whey Proteins in Patients Affected With Colorectal Cancer Undergoing Chemotherapy: Preliminary Results of a Placebo-Controlled Study.; Background and Aims: Sarcopenia, the loss of both lean body and skeletal muscle mass, may interfere in cancer patients outcome. As investigated, whey proteins could prevent the onset of sarcopenia. We have conducted a study to evaluate the effects of whey protein in colorectal cancer patients, undergoing 5-fluorouracil-based chemotherapy. Methods: After written informed consent, patients were blind randomized 1:1 to whey protein (ProLYOtin; arm A) versus placebo (arm B). The patients were assessed both physically and nutritionally before chemotherapy and after 3 (T2) and 6 months (T3) by body impedance assessment, L3-computed tomography scan, Mini Nutritional Assessment (MNA), and Malnutrition Universal Screening Tool (MUST) tests. Results: Forty-seven patients were included in this preliminary analysis. Baseline characteristics were well balanced between the 2 arms. During chemotherapy, 33 patients were reevaluated: anthropometric parameters (lean body mass from 68.5% to 71.2% vs 68.7% to 66.3%, and sarcopenia from 84% to 54% and 83% to 77% from baseline to T2 evaluation in arms A and B, respectively), nutritional status (MNA >24 = 100% [A] vs 73.7% [B]), and toxicity (no adverse effects in 86% [A] vs 29% [B] and 94% [A] vs 29% [B] for hematological and gastrointestinal toxicities, respectively) resulted to be significantly different. At univariate analysis, a condition of malnutrition risk according to MUST (relative risk [RR] = 7.5, P = .02) or MNA (RR = 1.45, P = .02) and ProLYOtin intake (RR = 0.12, P = .01) were found to be significantly predictive of chemotherapy toxicity. Conclusions: At present, our study shows how whey protein could be an important therapeutic option to improve nutritional status, and particularly to prevent severe toxicity during chemotherapy.
Increased Dairy Product Intake Alters Serum Metabolite Profiles in Subjects at Risk of Developing Type 2 Diabetes.; SCOPE: Metabolomics is increasingly used to identify biomarkers of diet or chronic diseases, such as type 2 diabetes. Yet, metabolite signatures following dairy intake in hyperinsulinemic subjects have not been identified. The objective is to evaluate the effects of a high dairy diet (HD) for 6 weeks (4 servings or more per day), compared with an adequate dairy diet (AD) (2 servings or less per day), on serum metabolite profiles in hyperinsulinemic adults., METHODS AND RESULTS: In this crossover trial, subjects are randomized to HD or AD for 6 weeks. Serum metabolites are assessed using GC/MS. Twenty-six subjects completed the study. Levels of pentadecanoic acid, tyrosine and lathosterol are increased in HD, while 1,5-anhydrosorbitol, myo-inositol, 3-aminoisobutyric acid and beta-sitosterol are decreased (p < 0.05). Sorbitol levels are increased after AD, while hexanoic acid, lauric acid, l-kynurenine, methionine, and benzoic acid levels are reduced (p < 0.05). Histidine, caprylic acid, nonanoic acid, decanoic acid, lauric acid, heptadecanoic acid, and benzoic acid levels are increased in HD compared to AD, while malic acid levels are increased in AD compared with HD (p < 0.05)., CONCLUSION: Higher dairy products intake modifies metabolite profiles in hyperinsulinemic subjects. Copyright © 2019 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim.
High calcium intake from fat-free milk, body composition and glycaemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes: a randomised crossover clinical trial.; We evaluated the effects of high-Ca fat-free milk v. low-Ca control diet on adiposity and on glycaemic control. Fourteen subjects with type 2 diabetes (aged 49.5 (sd 8.6) years, BMI 29.4 (sd 4.5) kg/m2, low habitual Ca consumption (<600 mg/d)) were included in this randomised, crossover clinical trial. Subjects participated in two 12-week experimental sessions (high-Ca fat-free milk (HC) or low-Ca control (LC)) separated by 8-week washout. Subjects daily consumed in the laboratory a breakfast shake containing 700 mg (HC) or 6.4 mg (LC) of Ca. Energy-restricted diets containing 800 mg of dietary Ca/d were prescribed. Dietary records data indicated the consumption of 1200 mg of Ca/d during HC and of 525 mg of Ca/d during LC. There was a greater reduction in body weight, body fat mass, waist circumference and waist:hip ratio after HC. Serum 25-hydoxyvitamin D and homeostatic model assessment-2 beta-cell function (HOMA2-%B) increased, and serum uric acid, parathormone (PTH) and glycated Hb (HbA1c) concentrations reduced after HC. In addition, changes from baseline in terms of serum uric acid, glucose, HbA1c and PTH concentrations were lower, and those of HOMA2-%B, serum Ca and 25-hydoxyvitamin D were higher after the HC than after LC. The consumption of approximately three servings of fat-free milk and 1200 mg of dietary Ca/d enhanced weight loss, improved body composition and promoted glycaemic control in subjects with type 2 diabetes and low habitual Ca consumption (<600 mg/d).
Postprandial Effects of a Proprietary Milk Protein Hydrolysate Containing Bioactive Peptides in Prediabetic Subjects.; Milk proteins have been hypothesized to protect against type 2 diabetes (T2DM) by beneficially modulating glycemic response, predominantly in the postprandial status. This potential is, amongst others, attributed to the high content of whey proteins, which are commonly a product of cheese production. However, native whey has received substantial attention due to its higher leucine content, and its postprandial glycemic effect has not been assessed thus far in prediabetes. In the present study, the impact of a milk protein hydrolysate of native whey origin with alpha-glucosidase inhibiting properties was determined in prediabetics in a randomized, cross-over trial. Subjects received a single dose of placebo or low- or high-dosed milk protein hydrolysate prior to a challenge meal high in carbohydrates. Concentration-time curves of glucose and insulin were assessed. Incremental areas under the curve (iAUC) of glucose as the primary outcome were significantly reduced by low-dosed milk peptides compared to placebo (p = 0.0472), and a minor insulinotropic effect was seen. A longer intervention period with the low-dosed product did not strengthen glucose response but significantly reduced HbA1c values (p = 0.0244). In conclusion, the current milk protein hydrolysate of native whey origin has the potential to modulate postprandial hyperglycemia and hence may contribute in reducing the future risk of developing T2DM.
Mediterranean-style diet in pregnant women with metabolic risk factors (ESTEEM): A pragmatic multicentre randomised trial.; BACKGROUND: Pregnant women with metabolic risk factors are at high risk of complications. We aimed to assess whether a Mediterranean-style diet reduces adverse pregnancy outcomes in high-risk women., METHODS AND FINDINGS: We conducted a multicentre randomised trial in 5 maternity units (4 in London and 1 in Birmingham) between 12 September 2014 and 29 February 2016. We randomised inner-city pregnant women with metabolic risk factors (obesity, chronic hypertension, or hypertriglyceridaemia) to a Mediterranean-style diet with high intake of nuts, extra virgin olive oil, fruits, vegetables, nonrefined grains, and legumes; moderate to high consumption of fish; low to moderate intake of poultry and dairy products; low intake of red and processed meat; and avoidance of sugary drinks, fast food, and food rich in animal fat versus usual care. Participants received individualised dietary advice at 18, 20, and 28 weeks' gestation. The primary endpoints were composite maternal (gestational diabetes or preeclampsia) and composite offspring (stillbirth, small for gestational age, or admission to neonatal care unit) outcomes prioritised by a Delphi survey. We used an intention-to-treat (ITT) analysis with multivariable models and identified the stratification variables and prognostic factors a priori. We screened 7,950 and randomised 1,252 women. Baseline data were available for 593 women in the intervention (93.3% follow-up, 553/593) and 612 in the control (95.6% follow-up, 585/612) groups. Over a quarter of randomised women were primigravida (330/1,205; 27%), 60% (729/1,205) were of Black or Asian ethnicity, and 69% (836/1,205) were obese. Women in the intervention arm consumed more nuts (70.1% versus 22.9%; adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 6.8, 95% confidence interval [CI] 4.3-10.6, p <= 0.001) and extra virgin olive oil (93.2% versus 49.0%; aOR 32.2, 95% CI 16.0-64.6, p <= 0.001) than controls; increased their intake of fish (p < 0.001), white meat (p < 0.001), and pulses (p = 0.05); and reduced their intake of red meat (p < 0.001), butter, margarine, and cream (p < 0.001). There was no significant reduction in the composite maternal (22.8% versus 28.6%; aOR 0.76, 95% CI 0.56-1.03, p = 0.08) or composite offspring (17.3% versus 20.9%; aOR 0.79, 95% CI 0.58-1.08, p = 0.14) outcomes. There was an apparent reduction in the odds of gestational diabetes by 35% (aOR 0.65, 95% CI 0.47-0.91, p = 0.01) but not in other individual components of the composite outcomes. Mothers gained less gestational weight (mean 6.8 versus 8.3 kg; adjusted difference -1.2 Kg, 95% CI -2.2 to -0.2, p = 0.03) with intervention versus control. There was no difference in any of the other maternal and offspring complications between both groups. When we pooled findings from the Effect of Simple, Targeted Diet in Pregnant Women With Metabolic Risk Factors on Pregnancy Outcomes (ESTEEM) trial with similar trials using random effects meta-analysis, we observed a significant reduction in gestational diabetes (odds ratio [OR] 0.67, 95% CI 0.53-0.84, I2 = 0%), with no heterogeneity (2 trials, 2,397 women). The study's limitations include the use of participant reported tools for adherence to the intervention instead of objective biomarkers., CONCLUSIONS: A simple, individualised, Mediterranean-style diet in pregnancy did not reduce the overall risk of adverse maternal and offspring complications but has the potential to reduce gestational weight gain and the risk of gestational diabetes., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02218931.
Partially Hydrolysed Whey-Based Formulae with Reduced Protein Content Support Adequate Infant Growth and Are Well Tolerated: Results of a Randomised Controlled Trial in Healthy Term Infants.; The current study aimed to investigate growth, safety and tolerance of partially hydrolysed infant formulae in healthy full-term infants. Fully formula-fed infants were randomised <=14 days of age to receive a partially hydrolysed whey formula with 2.27 g protein/100 kcal (pHF2.27) or the same formula with 1.8 g or 2.0 g protein/100 kcal (pHF1.8 and pHF2.0) until 4 months of age. The primary outcome was equivalence in daily weight gain within margins of +/- 3 g/day; comparison with WHO Child Growth Standards; gastrointestinal tolerance parameters and number of (serious) adverse events were secondary outcomes. A total of 207 infants were randomised, and 61 (pHF1.8), 46 (pHF2.0) and 48 (pHF2.27) infants completed the study per protocol. Equivalence in daily weight gain was demonstrated for the comparison of pHF1.8 and pHF2.27, i.e., the estimated difference was -1.12 g/day (90% CI: [-2.72; 0.47]) but was inconclusive for the comparisons of pHF2.0 and pHF2.27 with a difference of -2.52 g/day (90% CI: [-4.23; -0.81]). All groups showed adequate infant growth in comparison with the World Health Organization (WHO) Child Growth Standards. To conclude, the evaluated partially hydrolysed formulae varying in protein content support adequate growth and are safe and well tolerated in healthy infants.
Effects of Conventional Milk Versus Milk Containing Only A2 beta-Casein on Digestion in Chinese Children: A Randomized Study.; OBJECTIVES: In this study, we hypothesized that replacing conventional milk, which contains A1 and A2 beta-casein proteins, with milk that contains only A2 beta-casein in the diet of dairy or milk-intolerant preschoolers (age 5 to 6 years) would result in reduced gastrointestinal symptoms associated with milk intolerance, and that this would correspond with cognitive improvements., METHODS: This randomized, double-blind, crossover study aimed to compare the effects of 5 days' consumption of conventional milk versus milk containing only A2 beta-casein on gastrointestinal symptoms, as assessed via visual analog scales, average stool frequency and consistency, and serum inflammatory and immune biomarkers in healthy preschoolers with mild-to-moderate milk intolerance. The study also aimed to compare changes in the cognitive behavior of preschoolers, based on Subtle Cognitive Impairment Test scores., RESULTS: Subjects who consumed milk containing only A2 beta-casein had significantly less severe gastrointestinal symptoms as measured by visual analog scales, reduced stool frequency, and improvements in stool consistency, compared with subjects consuming conventional milk. There were significant increases from baseline in serum interleukin-4, immunoglobulins G, E, and G1, and beta-casomorphin-7 coupled to lower glutathione levels, in subjects consuming conventional milk compared with milk containing only A2 beta-casein. Subtle Cognitive Impairment Test analysis showed significant improvements in test accuracy after consumption of milk containing only A2 beta-casein. There were no severe adverse events related to consumption of either milk product., CONCLUSIONS: Replacing conventional milk with milk containing only A2 beta-casein reduced gastrointestinal symptoms associated with milk intolerance in Chinese preschool children, with corresponding improvements in aspects of cognitive performance.
Effects of a multipronged beverage intervention on young children's beverage intake and weight: a cluster-randomized pilot study.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether a multipronged pilot intervention promoting healthier beverage consumption improved at-home beverage consumption and weight status among young children., DESIGN: In this exploratory pilot study, we randomly assigned four childcare centres to a control (delayed-intervention) condition or a 12-week intervention that promoted consumption of healthier beverages (water, unsweetened low- or non-fat milk) and discouraged consumption of less-healthy beverages (juice, sugar-sweetened beverages, high-fat or sweetened milk). The multipronged intervention was delivered via childcare centres; simultaneously targeted children, parents and childcare staff; and included environmental changes, policies and education. Outcomes were measured at baseline and immediately post-intervention and included children's (n 154) at-home beverage consumption (assessed via parental report) and overweight/obese status (assessed via objectively measured height and weight). We estimated intervention impact using difference-in-differences models controlling for children's demographics and classroom., SETTING: Two northern California cities, USA, 2013-2014., PARTICIPANTS: Children aged 2-5 years and their parents., RESULTS: Relative to control group children, intervention group children reduced their consumption of less-healthy beverages from baseline to follow-up by 5.9 ounces/d (95 % CI -11.2, -0.6) (-174.5 ml/d; 95 % CI -331.2, -17.7) and increased their consumption of healthier beverages by 3.5 ounces/d (95 % CI -2.6, 9.5) (103.5 ml/d; 95 % CI -76.9, 280.9). Children's likelihood of being overweight decreased by 3 percentage points (pp) in the intervention group and increased by 3 pp in the control group (difference-in-differences: -6 pp; 95 % CI -15, 3)., CONCLUSIONS: Our exploratory pilot study suggests that interventions focused comprehensively on encouraging healthier beverage consumption could improve children's beverage intake and weight. Findings should be confirmed in longer, larger studies.
The effect of a diabetes prevention program on dietary quality in women with previous gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Women with gestational diabetes have low diet quality. We evaluated the effectiveness of a group-based lifestyle modification program for improvement of dietary quality in women with previous gestational diabetes predominantly within their first postnatal year., METHODS: Women were randomised to intervention (n = 284) or usual care (n = 289). Dietary data was collected at baseline and twelve months using a food frequency questionnaire and recoded into the Australian Recommended Food Score (ARFS). Mixed model analyses investigated the intervention effect on ARFS (per-protocol-set (PPS) excluded women without the minimum intervention exposure)., RESULTS: Baseline mean total ARFS was low (31.8 +/- 8.9, maximum score = 74) and no significant changes were seen in total ARFS (Cohen's D = - 0.06). 2% reduction in alcohol for intervention (0.05, 0.26) compared with - 1% for usual care (Odds ratio: 0.68; 95%CI 0.46, 0.99). Dairy ARFS sub-category significantly improved (low fat/saturated fat foods) in the intervention group over time compared with usual care for the PPS analysis (dairy + 0.28 in intervention (95%CI 0.08, 0.48) compared with + 0.02 in usual care (95%CI -0.14, 0.18) (group-by-treatment interaction p = 0.05, Cohen's D = 0.14))., CONCLUSIONS: Engaging with the intervention improved aspects of diet quality that aligned with minimum intervention exposure, but the total diet quality remains low. Further research is needed to improve diabetes prevention program engagement., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry ANZCTRN12610000338066 , April 2010.
Effect of high compared with low dairy intake on blood pressure in overweight middle-aged adults: results of a randomized crossover intervention study.; BACKGROUND: Observational studies suggest that high dairy intake is associated with a lower blood pressure (BP)., OBJECTIVE: We aimed to investigate the effect of a high-dairy diet (HDD) as compared with a low-dairy diet (LDD) on BP in overweight middle-aged adults., METHODS: Fifty-two overweight men and women were included in a randomized crossover intervention study. Each subject consumed 2 isocaloric diets for 6 wk, an LDD (<=1 dairy portion per day) and an HDD (6 or 5 reduced-fat dairy portions for men and women, respectively), with a 4-wk washout period in between the diets during which the subjects consumed their habitual diet. BP was measured at the start and at the end of the intervention diets. The effect of the intervention study was evaluated by 2-sample t tests. Mixed-model analyses were used for adjustment for the potential influence of changes in dietary protein and mineral intake and risk factors for hypertension including body weight and plasma cholesterol., RESULTS: Consumption of an HDD as compared with an LDD resulted in a reduction of both systolic BP (mean +/- SD: 4.6 +/- 11.2 mm Hg, P < 0.01) and diastolic BP (3.0 +/- 6.7 mm Hg, P < 0.01). In further analyses, these reductions appeared dependent on the concomitant increase in calcium intake., CONCLUSIONS: This intervention study shows that an HDD results in a reduction of both systolic and diastolic BP in overweight middle-aged men and women. If the results of our study are reproduced by other studies, advice for high dairy intake may be added to treatment and prevention of high BP. This trial was registered at trialregister.nl as NTR4899. Copyright © American Society for Nutrition 2019.
Effect of whey protein supplementation combined with resistance training on body composition, muscular strength, functional capacity, and plasma-metabolism biomarkers in older women with sarcopenic obesity: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.; BACKGROUNDS & AIMS: Obesity and sarcopenia are independent illnesses associated with contemporary dietary and physical activity behaviors, aggravated by aging. Their coexistence is termed sarcopenic obesity (SO). Hence, increasing protein intake and resistance training (RT) are interventions that could counteract these illnesses. The objective of this investigation was to analyze the effects of whey protein (WP) supplementation associated with RT on body composition, muscular strength, functional capacity, and plasma-metabolism biomarkers in older women with SO., METHODS: Twenty six sarcopenic (appendicular lean soft tissue ALST < 15.02 kg) obese (body fat mass >= 35%) older women were randomly assigned to receive daily, either 35 g of WP (WP group) or placebo (PLA group), combined with supervised RT (8 exercises, 3 x 8-12 rep, 3 times a week), during a 12-week protocol. Blood samples, blood pressure, dietary intake, functional capacity tests, the one repetition maximum (1RM) test, and body composition were assessed before and after the intervention period. Two-way analysis of variance for repeated measures was applied for comparisons., RESULTS: The WP group presented greater (P < 0.05) increases in ALST (WP = 6.0% vs. PLA = 2.5%) and decreases in (P < 0.05) total (-3.3% vs. -0.3%) and trunk fat mass (WP = -5.1% vs. PLA = -1.1) and IL-6 (WP = -34.6% vs. PLA = 9.3%) compared with the PLA group. Both groups demonstrated improved (P < 0.05) scores for muscular strength, waist-hip ratio, functional capacity, and other plasma-metabolism biomarkers without significant differences between conditions., CONCLUSION: Whey protein combined with RT increased ALST, and decreased total and trunk fat mass, improving sarcopenia and decreasing SO in older women, with a limited impact on inflammation. Registered under ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier ndegree NCT03752359. Copyright © 2019 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Results from the randomized controlled IHOPE trial suggest no effects of oral protein supplementation and exercise training on physical function in hemodialysis patients.; Few long-term studies have assessed whether changes in both diet and exercise can improve the health and quality of life (QOL) of hemodialysis (HD) patients. Here we examined whether 12 months of intradialytic protein supplementation and endurance exercise improves physical function, risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), and QOL in HD patients in a randomized controlled trial (RCT). A total of 138 HD patients (average age 58 years) were assigned for 12 months to control, intradialytic protein, or protein plus exercise groups. The protein and protein plus exercise groups consumed an oral protein supplement (30 grams of whey) three days/week during dialysis. The protein plus exercise group cycled for 30-45 minutes during dialysis treatment. The primary outcome was change in physical function at 12 months, assessed by a shuttle walk test. Secondary outcomes included arterial stiffness, blood pressure, body composition, muscle strength, markers of nutritional status, and QOL. Assessments were conducted at baseline, 6 and 12 months. In total, 101 patients completed the intervention. There were no significant differences between groups in shuttle walk test performance from baseline to 12 months. There were trends for improvements in some secondary measures of physical function and strength in the protein and protein plus exercise groups at six or 12 months, but these did not reach statistical significance. Thus, our trial did not demonstrate significant improvements in markers of physical function, risk of CVD or QOL after one year of intradialytic oral OPS and aerobic exercise training. More comprehensive lifestyle management may be needed to uncover robust improvements in the health and QOL of HD patients. Copyright © 2019 International Society of Nephrology. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Evaluation of EGFR inhibitor-mediated acneiform skin toxicity within the double-blind randomized EVITA trial: A thorough gender-specific analysis using the WoMo score.; Acne-like skin reactions frequently occur in patients undergoing treatment with drugs inhibiting the epidermal growth factor receptor. Recently, the effects of vitamin K1 containing cream (Reconval K1) as prophylactic skin treatment in addition to doxycycline were explored in a double-blind randomized phase II trial (EVITA) in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer receiving cetuximab. EVITA demonstrated a trend towards less severe skin rash in Reconval K1-treated patients using the tripartite WoMo skin reaction grading score as a thorough tool for quantification of drug related skin reactions. This gender-specific analysis of the EVITA trial evaluated the application of the WoMo score for assessment of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-related skin toxicities according to treatment arm and gender. To show the robustness of results parametric and non-parametric statistical analyses were conducted. All three parts of the WoMo score independently demonstrated the superiority of the treatment arm (Reconval K1) regarding a significant reduction in acneiform skin reactions in women. Men did not benefit from Reconval K1 cream at any time point in none of the WoMo score analyses. The treatment effect in women was confirmed by the use of skin rash categories based on the final WoMo overall score and mixed effect longitudinal multiple linear regression analysis. The WoMo score represents a sensitive tool for studies exploiting treatments against EGFR mediated acne-like skin rash. Part C of the WoMo score seems to be sufficient for quantification of drug related skin toxicities in further studies. Standard WoMo skin reaction score values for future studies are provided. Copyright © 2019 The Authors. Cancer Medicine published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Alternative Ready-To-Use Therapeutic Food Yields Less Recovery Than the Standard for Treating Acute Malnutrition in Children From Ghana.; BACKGROUND: Only 20% of children with severe acute malnutrition (SAM) have access to ready-to-use therapeutic food (RUTF), and RUTF cost limits its accessibility., METHODS: This randomized, double-blind controlled study involved a clinical equivalence trial comparing the effectiveness of an alternative RUTF with standard RUTF in the home-based treatment of uncomplicated SAM and moderate malnutrition in Ghanaian children aged 6 to 59 months. The primary outcome was recovery, equivalence was defined as being within 5 percentage points of the control group, and an intention-to-treat analysis was used. Alternative RUTF was composed of whey protein, soybeans, peanuts, sorghum, milk, sugar, and vegetable oil. Standard RUTF included peanuts, milk, sugar, and vegetable oil. The cost of alternative RUTF ingredients was 14% less than standard RUTF. Untargeted metabolomics was used to characterize the bioactive metabolites in the RUTFs., RESULTS: Of the 1,270 children treated for SAM or moderate malnutrition, 554 of 628 (88%) receiving alternative RUTF recovered (95% confidence interval [CI]=85% to 90%) and 516 of 642 (80%) receiving standard RUTF recovered (95% CI=77% to 83%). The difference in recovery was 7.7% (95% CI=3.7% to 11.7%). Among the 401 children with SAM, the recovery rate was 130 of 199 (65%) with alternative RUTF and 156 of 202 (77%) with standard RUTF (P=.01). The default rate in SAM was 60 of 199 (30%) for alternative RUTF and 41 of 202 (20%) for standard RUTF (P=.04). Children enrolled with SAM who received alternative RUTF had less daily weight gain than those fed standard RUTF (2.4 +/- 2.4 g/kg vs. 2.9 +/- 2.6 g/kg, respectively; P<.05). Among children with moderate wasting, recovery rates were lower for alternative RUTF, 386 of 443 (87%), than standard RUTF, 397 of 426 (93%) (P=.003). More isoflavone metabolites were found in alternative RUTF than in the standard., CONCLUSION: The lower-cost alternative RUTF was less effective than standard RUTF in the treatment of severe and moderate malnutrition in Ghana. Copyright © Kohlmann et al.
Randomized controlled trial investigating the effects of a breastfeeding relaxation intervention on maternal psychological state, breast milk outcomes, and infant behavior and growth.; BACKGROUND: Biological signaling and communication between mothers and infants during breastfeeding may shape infant behavior and feeding. This signaling is complex and little explored in humans, although it is potentially relevant for initiatives to improve breastfeeding rates., OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to investigate physiological and psychological aspects of mother-infant signaling during breastfeeding experimentally, testing the effects of a relaxation intervention on maternal psychological state, breast milk intake, milk cortisol levels, and infant behavior and growth., METHODS: Primiparous breastfeeding mothers and full-term infants were randomly assigned to receive relaxation therapy [intervention relaxation group; n = 33 (RG)] or to the control group [n = 31 (CG); no relaxation therapy] at 2 wk postpartum. Both groups received standard breastfeeding support. Home visits were conducted at 2 (HV1), 6 (HV2), 12 (HV3) and 14 (HV4) wk to measure maternal stress and anxiety, breast milk intake and milk cortisol, and infant behavior and growth., RESULTS: RG mothers had lower stress scores postintervention than the CG (HV3  = -3.13; 95% CI: -5.9, -0.3) and lower hindmilk cortisol at HV1 ( = -44.5%; 95% CI: -76.1%, -12.9%) but not at HV2. RG infants had longer sleep duration ( = 82 min/d; 95% CI: 16, 149 min/d) at HV2 and higher gains in weight and body mass index standardized deviation score than the CG infants ( = 0.76; 95% CI: 0.3, 1.22; and  = 0.59; 95% CI: 0.09, 1.1, respectively). RG infants had a mean milk intake at HV3 that was 227 g/d higher than that of the CG infants (P = 0.031) after controlling for gender and milk intake at HV1., CONCLUSIONS: The trial shows the effectiveness of a simple relaxation intervention for improving maternal and infant outcomes and identifies some potential signaling mechanisms for investigation in future and larger studies, especially in settings where mothers are more stressed, such as those with preterm or low birth weight infants. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01971216. Copyright © American Society for Nutrition 2019.
Effect of Early Limited Formula on Breastfeeding Duration in the First Year of Life: A Randomized Clinical Trial.; Importance: Breastfeeding through 6 and 12 months are 2 goals of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Healthy People 2020 initiative, but the 6-month goal is met for only 52% of US infants and the 12-month goal for 30% of US infants., Objective: To determine whether structured, short-term formula supplementation for at-risk neonates affects the proportion still breastfeeding at 6 and 12 months., Design, Setting, and Participants: This randomized clinical trial conducted at 2 US academic medical centers enrolled 164 exclusively breastfeeding mother-infant dyads of mothers who were not yet producing copious milk and infants who were 24 to 72 hours old with newborn weight loss at or above the 75th percentile for age. Participants were enrolled from January 2015 through September 2016., Interventions: Early Limited Formula (ELF), a structured formula supplementation protocol (10 mL formula fed after each breastfeeding until mothers produced copious milk), compared with control dyads, who continued exclusive breastfeeding and received a safety teaching intervention., Main Outcomes and Measures: The study's primary outcome was any breastfeeding at 6 months. Secondary outcomes included age at breastfeeding cessation and any breastfeeding at 12 months. All outcomes were assessed by maternal phone survey., Results: Eighty-two newborns were randomized to ELF and 82 to the control group. Mean (SD) maternal age was 31.4 (5.9) years, and 114 (69.5%) self-identified as non-Hispanic white; 20 (12.2%), Hispanic; 17 (10.4%), Asian; 5 (3.0%), non-Hispanic black; and 7 (4.3%), other. Compared with controls, mothers randomized to ELF were less likely to be married (n = 53 [64.6%] vs n = 66 [80.5%]; P = .03) and had shorter mean (SD) intended duration of breastfeeding (8.6 [3.4] vs 9.9 [4.4] months; P = .049). Median (interquartile range) duration of breastfeeding in the cohort was 9 (6-12) months. At 6 months, 47 (65%) infants randomized to ELF were breastfeeding, compared with 60 (77%) of the control infants (absolute difference, -12%; 95% CI, -26% to 3%; P = .12). At 12 months, 21 of the 71 ELF infants available for analysis (29.6%) were breastfeeding, compared with 37 of the available 77 (48.1%) control infants (risk difference, -18%; 95% CI, -34% to -3%). Marital status and intended breastfeeding duration were both associated with breastfeeding duration; models adjusting for these found a hazard ratio for time-to-event of breastfeeding cessation through 12 months of 0.74 (95% CI, 0.48-1.14) for ELF infants compared with infants in the control group., Conclusions and Relevance: In this cohort with high breastfeeding prevalence, ELF was not associated with any improvement in breastfeeding duration. Future research should examine the effect of ELF in populations at higher risk of early cessation., Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT02313181.
[Effect of nutrition intervention on Jinxiu Yao Autonomous County pupils' body composition in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region].; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of two-year nutritional intervention on the body composition in Yao primary school students in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region., METHODS: Four primary schools in towns mainly inhabited by Yao People in Jinxiu Yao Autonomous County of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region were chosen randomly as the intervention schools, from which one class was randomly chosen per grade from grades 2-4(7-12 years old); Four other primary schools with similar economic and social conditions to the intervention schools were chosen as the control schools. In total, 190 and 146 students were included in the intervention group and the control group, respectively. The control group gave basic food allowance and the intervention group gave milk and eggs on this basic. Students in the intervention group were subject to nutritional intervention. The change in body composition of students of different body weights was observed and analyzed at the baseline time(September 2015; T0), and 1(T1) and 2(T2) years after intervention. The mixed linear model was used to analyze repeated measures data, and multivariate ANOVA was performed., RESULTS: No significant differences existed in all indexes for both boys and girls between the two groups at T0(P > 0.05). At T1 and T2, as compared with the control group, the fat-free body weight(chi~2=7.253, P<0.05), body fat(chi~2=6.181, P<0.05; chi~2=5.226, P<0.05) and body fat percentage(chi~2=4.284, P<0.05; chi~2=2.227, P<0.05) of boys, and the fat-free body weight(chi~2=3.287, P<0.05; chi~2=2.788, P<0.05) and body fat(chi~2=3.261, P<0.05; chi~2=2.135, P<0.05) of girls increased significantly in the intervention group. The fat-free body weight(chi~2=5.381, P<0.05; chi~2=3.278, P<0.05) and body fat(chi~2=5.987, P<0.05; chi~2=3.921, P<0.05) in both the intervention and the control groups increased significantly at T1 and T2 as compared with T0. Multivariate ANOVA result showed that, the fat-free body weight and body fat were significantly different between different time periods after age, height and body weight were controlled for boys but not girls. When body weights of different levels were included, the fat-free body weight(chi~2=6.234, P<0.05; chi~2=4.076, P<0.05) and body fat(chi~2=5.479, P<0.05; chi~2=2.315, P<0.05) increased significantly in low-, middle-and high-level subgroups of the intervention group at T1 and T2 as compared with the control group. The fat-free body weight(chi~2=5.784, P<0.05; chi~2=3.679, P<0.05) and body fat(chi~2=4.783, P<0.05; chi~2=2.784, P<0.05) in low-, middle-and high-level subgroups of both the intervention and the control groups increased significantly at T1 and T2 as compared to those at T0(P<0.05)., CONCLUSION: Nutritional intervention(including milk and eggs) can promote the change in body composition in boys in Jinxiu Yao Autonomous County primary schools of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, but produces not too much benefit for girls.
Effect of soy milk consumption on glycemic status, blood pressure, fibrinogen and malondialdehyde in patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a randomized controlled trial.; OBJECTIVE: Diet plays a critical role in the management of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Studies on the NAFLD's experimental models have reported that soy had positive effects on the improvement of metabolic parameters. However, there is a lack of clinical trials regarding the efficacy of whole soy foods. Therefore, this study was conducted to determine the effect of soy milk on some of the metabolic characteristics in patients with NAFLD., METHODS: Sixty-sex patients diagnosed with NAFLD were included in this randomized, parallel, controlled trial and were randomly assigned to either the soy milk or control group. Both groups received a 500-deficit calorie diet plan. Also, patients in the soy milk group consumed 240 ml/day soy milk for 8 weeks. Fasting blood sugar (FBS), serum insulin, HOMA-IR, HOMA-beta%, and QUICKI as well as serum malondialdehyde (MDA), plasma fibrinogen, and blood pressure (BP) were measured at the beginning and end of the study., RESULTS: After 8-weeks of intervention, soy milk group had a greater significant reduction in serum insulin(-3.44 +/- 5.02 vs. -1.09 +/- 3.77 muIU/ml, P = 0.04), HOMA-IR (-0.45+/-0.64 vs -0.14 +/- 0.47, P = 0.03), systolic (-3.81+/-4.15 vs -1.48+/-2.93 mmHg, P = 0.01) and diastolic (-2.39+/-2.80 vs. -0.94+/-2.76 mmHg, P = 0.04) BP, and also, a significant increase in QUICKI (0.02+/- 0.032 vs. 0.008+/-0.018, P = 0.04) compared to the control group. While, changes in the FBS, HOMA-beta%, fibrinogen, and MDA were not significantly different between the study groups., CONCLUSION: A low-calorie diet containing soy milk had beneficial effects on serum insulin, HOMA-IR, QUICKI, and BP in patients with NAFLD. Copyright © 2019. Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Role of Calcium and Low-Fat Dairy Foods in Weight-Loss Outcomes Revisited: Results from the Randomized Trial of Effects on Bone and Body Composition in Overweight/Obese Postmenopausal Women.; Several studies have investigated the possibility of dairy foods and calcium (Ca) mediating weight and body composition, but a consensus has not been reached. We aimed to investigate weight-loss-related outcomes during intervention with low-fat dairy foods or Ca + vitamin D supplements, both as complements to hypocaloric diets. Overweight/obese Caucasian, early-postmenopausal women (n = 135) were recruited for a 6 month energy-restricted weight loss study complemented with either low-fat dairy foods (D; 4-5 servings/day), or Ca + vitamin D supplements (S); both to amount a total of ~1500 mg/day and 600 IU/day of Ca and vitamin D, respectively, or placebo pills (C). Bone mineral density (BMD) and lean and fat tissue were measured by Lunar iDXA. Serum and urinary markers of bone turnover were analyzed. Diet and physical activity were assessed with 3-day records. Participants on average lost ~4%, ~3%, and ~2% of body weight, fat, and lean tissue, respectively. The significantly better outcomes were noticed in participants in the D group regarding body composition (fat loss/lean tissue preservation) and in participants in the S group regarding the BMD outcomes, compared to those in the C group. Therefore, increasing low-fat dairy foods to 4-5 servings/day and/or increasing Ca & vitamin D intake by supplements (in those who are at the borderline dietary intake) may be beneficial for weight loss/maintenance and may lead to more favorable bone and body composition outcomes in postmenopausal women during moderate weight loss.
The Impact of Dairy Products in the Development of Type 2 Diabetes: Where Does the Evidence Stand in 2019?.; The prevalence of type 2 diabetes (T2D) has increased rapidly. Adopting a heathy diet is suggested as one of the effective behaviors to prevent or delay onset of T2D. Dairy consumption has been recommended as part of a healthy diet, but there remains uncertainty in both the scientific community and the public about the effect of different dairy products on T2D risk. In a recent workshop, the evidence on dairy products and T2D risk was presented and discussed by a group of experts. The main conclusions from the workshop are presented in this position paper and are as follows. 1) Available evidence from large prospective cohort studies and limited randomized controlled trials (RCTs) suggests that total dairy consumption has a neutral or moderately beneficial effect on T2D risk. 2) Increasing evidence from prospective cohort studies indicates that yogurt is most strongly associated with a lower T2D risk, but evidence from RCTs is scarce. 3) Fatty acids from dairy (medium-chain, odd, and very long-chain SFAs as well as trans-palmitoleic acid) are associated with lower T2D risk and improved metabolic health, but more research is needed on studies that explore cause and effect relations to exclude the possibility that the dairy fatty acids simply serve as markers of overall dairy consumption. 4) The food matrix can be a stronger determinant of health effects than SFA content. This review further identifies research gaps in the existing knowledge and highlights key research questions that need to be addressed to better understand the impact of dairy consumption on future T2D risk. Copyright © American Society for Nutrition 2019.
Postprandial Lipemic Responses to Various Sources of Saturated and Monounsaturated Fat in Adults.; BACKGROUND: Postprandial lipemia (PPL) is a cardiovascular disease risk factor. However, the effects of different fat sources on PPL remain unclear. We aimed to determine the postprandial response in triglycerides (TG) to four dietary fat sources in adults., METHODS: Participants completed four randomized meal trials. For each meal trial, participants (n = 10; 5M/5F) consumed a high-fat meal (HFM) (13 kcal/kg; 61% of total kcal from fat) with the fat source derived from butter, coconut oil, olive oil, or canola oil. Blood was drawn hourly for 6 h post-meal to quantify PPL., RESULTS: Two-way ANOVA of TG revealed a time effect (p < 0.0001), but no time-meal interaction (p = 0.56), or meal effect (p = 0.35). Meal trials did not differ with regard to TG total (p = 0.33) or incremental (p = 0.14) area-under-the-curve. When stratified by sex and the TG response was averaged across meals, two-way ANOVA revealed a time effect (p < 0.0001), time-group interaction (p = 0.0001), and group effect (p = 0.048), with men exhibiting a greater response than women, although this difference could be attributed to the pronounced difference in BMI between men and women within the sample., CONCLUSION: In our sample of young adults, postprandial TG responses to a single HFM comprised of different fat sources did not differ.
Role of Functional Fortified Dairy Products in Cardiometabolic Health: A Systematic Review and Meta-analyses of Randomized Clinical Trials.; There is insufficient evidence on the role of functional fortified dairy products in improving health and in preventing risk factors associated with noncommunicable chronic diseases. This systematic review was conducted to summarize effects of the consumption of fortified dairy products on biomarkers of cardiometabolic risk. MEDLINE and SCOPUS databases were used to perform searches to include studies published up to 30 April 2018. Randomized clinical trials with human subjects consuming dairy products fortified with phytosterols, FAs, vitamins or minerals and relating this consumption with cardiometabolic health were included in this review. Risk of bias assessment according to Cochrane guidelines was performed to determine the quality of the trials. Forty-one studies were finally selected for this synthesis; the selected studies tested dairy products fortified with the following nutrients and bioactive components: phytosterols (n = 31), FAs (n = 8), and vitamin D (n = 2). We found that the consumption of phytosterol-fortified dairy, led to an overall LDL cholesterol reduction of -0.36 (-0.41, -0.31) mmol/L, P < 0.001; this decrease was mainly related to the dosage. Likewise, consumption of omega-3 FA-fortified dairy products resulted in a plasma LDL cholesterol reduction of -0.18 (-0.27, -0.09) mmol/L as well as a decrease of -0.18 (-0.32, -0.05) mmol/L in triacylglycerols (TG). Performing meta-analyses of the consumption of dairy products fortified with vitamin D or FAs other than omega-3 FAs and biomarkers of cardiometabolic risk was not possible because of the few available publications. Our results indicate that consumption of dairy products fortified with phytosterols and omega-3 FAs can lead to a reduction of LDL cholesterol and consumption of fortified dairy products fortified with omega-3 FAs can reduce TG concentration. However, more studies with homogeneous designs are needed to determine the advantages of using dairy products as fortification vehicles to prevent cardiometabolic risk. Copyright © American Society for Nutrition 2019.
Introduction and Executive Summary of the Supplement, Role of Milk and Dairy Products in Health and Prevention of Noncommunicable Chronic Diseases: A Series of Systematic Reviews.; Milk and dairy products contain multiple nutrients and contribute significantly to meet the nutritional requirements for protein, calcium, magnesium, phosphorus, potassium, zinc, selenium, vitamin A, riboflavin, vitamin B-12, and pantothenic acid. However, consumption of dairy is decreasing and moving away from the advised level in many countries and the potential benefits of milk and dairy products for health have come under question. This, in spite that numerous studies report health benefits associated with dairy consumption. The present supplement aims to assess and summarize scientific evidence regarding the impact of dairy intake on health and all-cause mortality, and on the prevention of diverse chronic diseases, mainly from meta-analyses of observational studies and randomized controlled trials (RCTs). There seem to positive associations between moderate maternal milk intake during pregnancy and infant birth weight, length and bone mineral content during childhood. Moreover, consumption of dairy products in older subjects may reduce the risk of frailty and decrease the risk for sarcopenia. The highest consumption of dairy products did not show a clear association with total osteoporotic fracture and hip fracture risk; however, a diminished risk of vertebral fracture was found. Analysis of the differences between high and low dairy consumption and for dose-response found no association between dairy product consumption and risk of all-cause mortality. Total and low-fat dairy consumption is associated with a reduced risk of developing metabolic syndrome and current evidence supports that consumption of dairy does not adversely affect the risk of cardiovascular outcomes and may even have a subtle protective effect. Moreover, evidence has been provided of an inverse association between the consumption of dairy products and ischemic heart disease and myocardial infarction. Also, the evidence suggests that dairy consumption, particularly low-fat dairy and yogurt is associated with a lower risk of type 2 diabetes. Likewise, moderate compared with medium consumption of dairy is associated lower risk for colorectal and bladder cancer and has no association with prostate cancer. Finally, consumption of milk or dairy products did not show a proinflammatory effect on healthy subjects, overweight/obese individuals, or individuals with other metabolic abnormalities, and fortification of dairy products with phytosterols and omega-3 fatty acids seems to be a good approach to improve cardiometabolic risk biomarkers. In conclusion, the systematic reviews and meta-analyses of the present supplement support adequate milk consumption at various stages of life and in the prevention/control of various noncommunicable chronic diseases. Copyright © American Society for Nutrition 2019.
Milk and Dairy Product Consumption and Cardiovascular Diseases: An Overview of Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses.; Milk and dairy products containing milk fat are major food sources of saturated fatty acids, which have been linked to increased risk of cardiovascular-related clinical outcomes such as cardiovascular disease (CVD), coronary heart disease (CHD), and stroke. Therefore, current recommendations by health authorities advise consumption of low-fat or fat-free milk. Today, these recommendations are seriously questioned by meta-analyses of both prospective cohort studies and randomized controlled trials (RCTs) reporting inconsistent results. The present study includes an overview of systematic reviews and meta-analyses of follow-up studies, an overview of meta-analyses involving RCTs, and an update on meta-analyses of RCTs (2013-2018) aiming to synthesize the evidence regarding the influence of dairy product consumption on the risk of major cardiovascular-related outcomes and how various doses of different dairy products affect the responses, as well as on selected biomarkers of cardiovascular disease risk, i.e., blood pressure and blood lipids. The search strategies for both designs were conducted in the MEDLINE, EMBASE, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, and Web of Science databases from their inception to April 2018. From the 31 full-text articles retrieved for cohort studies, 17 met the eligibility criteria. The pooled risk ratio estimated for the association between the consumption of different dairy products at different dose-responses and cardiovascular outcomes (CVD, CHD, and stroke) showed a statistically significant negative association with RR values <1, or did not find evidence of significant association. The overview of 12 meta-analyses involving RCTs as well as the updated meta-analyses of RCTs did not result in significant changes on risk biomarkers such as systolic and diastolic blood pressure and total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol. Therefore, the present study states that the consumption of total dairy products, with either regular or low fat content, does not adversely affect the risk of CVD. Copyright © American Society for Nutrition 2019.
Milk and Dairy Product Consumption and Inflammatory Biomarkers: An Updated Systematic Review of Randomized Clinical Trials.; Milk and dairy products contribute <=14% of the caloric intake in developed countries. Recent evidence has shown controversial results with regard to the role of dairy products in deleterious processes such as inflammation. The increasing number of studies on the anti- and proinflammatory effects of milk and dairy products in the past 5 y reflects the growing interest in this area of research. The aim of this systematic review was to evaluate the scientific evidence provided in the past 5 y on the effects of milk and dairy products on inflammatory biomarkers provided by randomized clinical trials. The search strategy was conducted in Medline (via PubMed) and Scopus (which includes EMBASE and the Web of Science) databases and included articles from 1 January 2012 to 30 April 2018. The risk of bias was assessed using the Cochrane methodology. The number of study participants, type of study, doses, and the key results are reported. The following primary outcomes were considered for inclusion: circulating concentrations of C-reactive protein, interleukins, cytokines, and vascular adhesion molecules or expression of proinflammatory genes in peripheral blood mononuclear cells; however, the primary outcomes considered were not limited to these. Sixteen studies (15 articles) included in this systematic review reported on healthy individuals and subjects who were overweight or obese and who had metabolic syndrome or type 2 diabetes. The consumption of milk or dairy products did not show a proinflammatory effect in healthy subjects or individuals with metabolic abnormalities. The majority of studies documented a significant anti-inflammatory effect in both healthy and metabolically abnormal subjects, although not all the articles were of high quality. This review was registered on PROSPERO (International Prospective Register of Systematic Reviews) at https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/prospero/display_record.php?RecordID=94535 as CRD42018094535. Copyright © American Society for Nutrition 2019.
Effects of different vitamin D supplementation strategies in reversing metabolic syndrome and its component risk factors in adolescents.; There is little evidence on the efficacy of various vitamin D supplementation strategies in reversing metabolic syndrome (MetS) in adolescents. The present study aims to fill this gap. A total of 535 (243/292) out of 650 apparently healthy Saudi adolescents were randomly selected from the Vitamin D School Project database which has baseline and post-intervention information of more than 1000 Saudi adolescents 12-18 years old attending 34 schools in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia from Nov 2014-May 2015. Allocation of intervention was done in 3 groups using cluster randomization: vitamin D tablet, 1000IU/day (N = 180; 69 boys, 111 girls); vitamin D fortified milk consumption, 200 ml/day, 40IU/100 ml (N = 189; 93 boys, 96 girls) and control (educational awareness) (N = 166; 81 boys, 85 girls). All groups were given educational awareness on how to increase vitamin D levels. All groups were matched for BMI and analysis adjusted for age. Post-intervention and using intent-to-treat approach, within-group analysis revealed a statistically significant increase in 25(OH)D levels in all groups, and a clinically significant increase in favor of the tablet group (between-group) [10.7 nmol/l (34.7%) versus 6.3 nmol/l (19.8%) in milk and 2.1 nmol/l (7.0%) in control; p < 0.001], adjusted for age and BMI-matched. Between group analysis also revealed a clinically significant decrease in triglycerides (p = 0.05), glucose (p < 0.001) and systolic blood pressure (p = 0.005) as well as a clinically significant increase in HDL-cholesterol (p = 0.004) over time, all in favor of the tablet group. Within-group comparison showed a significant decrease in the incidence of MetS in the tablet group (9.4% versus 4.4%; p < 0.05) only. In conclusion, oral vitamin D supplementation is superior to vitamin D fortified milk in improving vitamin D status. Reduction in the incidence of MetS in the Arab adolescent population secondary to vitamin D correction may be dose-dependent. Copyright © 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The Effect of Wolffia globosa Mankai, a Green Aquatic Plant, on Postprandial Glycemic Response: A Randomized Crossover Controlled Trial.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the postprandial and overnight glycemic response using a novel green aquatic plant thought to provide a dietary source for high-quality protein, with an iso-carbohydrate/protein/caloric dairy shake., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This is a randomized controlled crossover trial among 20 abdominally obese participants (age 51.4 years; fasting plasma glucose 110.9 mg/dL), who were allocated to replace dinner with either, first, a green shake containing Wolffia globosa duckweed (Mankai: specific-strain) or an iso-carbohydrate/protein/calorie yogurt shake. A 2-week flash glucose-monitoring system was used to assess postmeal glucose dynamics (6 net administration days; 97 observation days in total). We further obtained from each participant dietary/daily activity/satiety scale/sleep logs. Participants were recruited from the green-Mediterranean diet arm of the 18-month Dietary Intervention Randomized Controlled Trial-Polyphenols Unprocessed (DIRECT-PLUS) study., RESULTS: Wolffia globosa Mankai elicited a lower postprandial glucose peak compared with yogurt (peak = 13.4 +/- 9.2 vs. 19.3 +/- 15.1 mg/dL; P = 0.044), which occurred later (77.5 +/- 29.2 vs. 59.2 +/- 28.4 min; P = 0.037) and returned faster to baseline glucose levels (135.8 +/- 53.1 vs. 197.5 +/- 70.2 min; P = 0.012). The mean post-net incremental area under the curve (netAUC) was lower with Wolffia globosa up to 60 and 180 min (netAUC 60 min: 185.1 +/- 340.1 vs. 441.4 +/- 336.5 mg/dL/min, P = 0.005; netAUC 180 min: 707.9 +/- 1,428.5 vs. 1,576.6 +/- 1,810.1 mg/dL/min, P = 0.037). A Wolffia globosa-based shake replacing dinner resulted in lower next-morning fasting glucose levels (83.2 +/- 0.8 vs. 86.6 +/- 13 mg/dL; P = 0.041). Overall, postprandial glucose levels from the shake administration until the next morning were lower in the Wolffia globosa Mankai green shake compared with the yogurt shake (P < 0.001). Overnight sleep duration was similar (378.2 +/- 22.4 vs. 375.9 +/- 28.4 min; P = 0.72), and satiety rank was slightly higher for the Wolffia globosa shake compared with the yogurt shake (7.5 vs. 6.5; P = 0.035)., CONCLUSIONS: Wolffia globosa Mankai duckweed may serve as an emerging alternative plant protein source with potential beneficial postprandial glycemic effects. Copyright © 2019 by the American Diabetes Association.
Enhanced Protein Diet for Preterm Infants: A Prospective, Randomized, Double-blind, Controlled Trial.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate dietary protein's effect on fat accretion and weight gain in hospitalized preterm infants., METHODS: Prospective, randomized, double-blind, controlled trial of 36 infants born at <32 weeks, hospitalized in a tertiary neonatal intensive care unit. After achieving full enteral volume, infants were randomized to either an enhanced protein diet (EPD) (protein-energy ratio [PER] 4 g/100 calories) or a standard protein diet (SPD) (PER 3 g/100 calories). Macronutrients were calculated using published values for formula, donor milk bank analysis, or weekly analysis of a 24-hour pooled maternal milk sample. Human milk fortifier and/or liquid protein were used to achieve the target PER until discharge or a maximum of 4 weeks. Body composition was measured weekly using air displacement plethysmography. The principal outcomes, rates of weight gain and fat accretion, were compared between groups in linear mixed models., RESULTS: Thirty-three infants received approximately 17 days of the study diet. Relative weight gain was 21.6 g . kg . day (95% confidence interval [CI] 19.5-23.8) for the EPD group (n = 16) versus 19.1 g . kg . day (95% CI 17.0-21.2) for the SPD group (n = 17), P = 0.095. Baseline percent fat mass (FM) in the EPD group was 5.15% (95% CI 3.58%-6.72%) compared with 7.29% (95% CI 5.73%-8.84%) in the SPD group, P = 0.0517. Percent FM increased 0.398%/day (95% CI 0.308-0.488) for the EPD group versus 0.284%/day (95% CI 0.190-0.379) for the SPD group (P = 0.0878)., CONCLUSIONS: Preterm infants with a lower baseline FM percentage who received an EPD demonstrated a more pronounced catch-up percentage of fat accretion.
Thirteen weeks of supplementation of vitamin D and leucine-enriched whey protein nutritional supplement attenuates chronic low-grade inflammation in sarcopenic older adults: the PROVIDE study.; BACKGROUND: A chronic low-grade inflammatory profile (CLIP) is associated with sarcopenia in older adults. Protein and Vitamin (Vit)D have immune-modulatory potential, but evidence for effects of nutritional supplementation on CLIP is limited., AIM: To investigate whether 13 weeks of nutritional supplementation of VitD and leucine-enriched whey protein affected CLIP in subjects enrolled in the PROVIDE-study, as a secondary analysis., METHODS: Sarcopenic adults (low skeletal muscle mass) aged >= 65 years with mobility limitations (Short Physical Performance Battery 4-9) and a body mass index of 20-30 kg/m2 were randomly allocated to two daily servings of active (n = 137, including 20 g of whey protein, 3 g of leucine and 800 IU VitD) or isocaloric control product (n = 151) for a double-blind period of 13 weeks. At baseline and after 13 weeks, circulating interleukin (IL)-8, IL-1 receptor antagonist (RA), soluble tumor-necrosis-factor receptor (sTNFR)1, IL-6, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, pre-albumin and 25-hydroxyvitamin(OH)D were measured. Data-analysis included repeated measures analysis of covariance (corrected for dietary VitD intake) and linear regression., RESULTS: IL-6 and IL-1Ra serum levels showed overall increases after 13 weeks (p = 0.006 and p < 0.001, respectively). For IL-6 a significant time x treatment interaction (p = 0.046) was observed, with no significant change over time in the active group (p = 0.155) compared to control (significant increase p = 0.012). IL-8 showed an overall significant decrease (p = 0.03). The change in pre-albumin was a significant predictor for changes in IL-6 after 13 weeks., CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that 13 weeks of nutritional supplementation with VitD and leucine-enriched whey protein may attenuate the progression of CLIP in older sarcopenic persons with mobility limitations.
Effect of whey protein supplementation during resistance training sessions on body mass and muscular strength: a meta-analysis.; This study evaluates the effect of whey protein (WP) supplementation with resistance training (RT) on body mass and muscular strength through randomized controlled trials (RCTs). A literature survey was conducted using electronic databases, and study selection was based on predetermined eligibility criteria. Meta-analyses of mean differences (MD) in lean/fat mass or standardized MD (SMD) in muscular strength between WP-RT and placebo-RT groups were conducted along with sensitivity and subgroup analyses. Metaregression analyses were performed to identify factors affecting the change in lean/fat mass. Data were used from 21 RCTs in which 837 participants attended 13.1 weeks [95% CI 10.5, 15.7] of RT. In comparison with the placebo-RT group, WP-RT exhibited improved lean mass (MD 0.46 kg [-0.02, 0.94]; p = 0.01), fat mass (MD -0.62 kg [-1.05, -0.19]; p = 0.004) and muscular strength (SMD 0.25 [0.11, 0.38]; p = 0.0003) in healthy individuals but not in individuals with a pathological condition. Moreover, in comparison with the placebo-RT group, the WP-RT group showed improved lean mass (MD 0.38 kg [-0.03, 0.79]; p = 0.07), fat mass (MD -0.75 kg [-1.09, -0.41]; p < 0.00001) and muscular strength (SMD 0.30 [0.13, 0.47]; p = 0.005) in younger (<40 years age) individuals only. The change in lean mass was inversely associated with age in the overall population. The RT duration was positively associated with the improvement in lean mass in healthy individuals. The improvement in fat mass was positively associated with the body height of individuals. WP supplementation during RT sessions was found to improve lean mass, fat mass and muscular strength in healthy and younger individuals.
Role of single serving form of dairy on satiety and postprandial glycaemia in young and older healthy adults.; Dairy proteins reduce appetite and improve postprandial glycaemic response in adults. However, there are no reports of dairy in amounts usually consumed on satiety and postprandial glycaemia in either young or older adults. In a randomized crossover design, 30 healthy young adults (age: 23.5 +/- 0.5 years; body mass index (BMI): 21.8 +/- 0.4 kg/m2) and 30 healthy/overweight older adults (age: 65.2 +/- 0.5 years; BMI: 24.7 +/- 0.6 kg/m2) consumed 1 serving (according to manufacturers' labels) of skim milk (0.1% milk fat (MF)), whole milk (3.25% MF), plain Greek yogurt (2% MF), cheddar cheese (31% MF), and water (energy-free control) after a 12-h fast. Subjective appetite was measured every 15-30 min over 3 h. Blood glucose and insulin were measured at baseline and every 15-30 min over 2 h. All dairy treatments reduced post-treatment subjective appetite area under the curve (AUC) over 3 h by 8%-17% more than water. Greek yogurt reduced appetite 3-h AUC more than skim and whole milk by 9% and 7%, respectively (p < 0.0001). Post-treatment blood glucose 2-h AUC was 42% lower in young compared with older adults (p = 0.003). It was also 52%-78% lower after cheese compared with milks and yogurt (p < 0.0001). Post-treatment insulin AUC after cheese was only 10%-15% of that after milks and Greek yogurt (p < 0.0001). We conclude that single servings of dairy differ in effect on postprandial satiety and glycaemia and merit consideration in management of metabolic syndrome.
The Association of Breakfast Frequency and Cardiovascular Disease (CVD) Risk Factors among Adolescents in Malaysia.; Breakfast frequency is associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk in Western populations, possibly via the types of food eaten or the timing of food consumption, but associations in Malaysian adolescents are unknown. While the timing of breakfast is similar, the type of food consumed at breakfast in Malaysia differs from Western diets, which allows novel insight into the mechanisms underlying breakfast-CVD risk associations. We investigated foods eaten for breakfast and associations between breakfast frequency and CVD risk factors in the Malaysian Health and Adolescents Longitudinal Research Team study (MyHeARTs). Breakfast (frequency of any food/drink reported as breakfast in 7-day diet history interviews) and CVD risk factors (body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, fasting blood glucose, triacylglycerol, total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), and systolic and diastolic blood pressure) were cross-sectionally associated using linear regression adjusting for potential confounders (n = 795, age 13 years). Twelve percent of adolescents never ate breakfast and 50% ate breakfast daily, containing mean (SD) 400 (+/-127) kilocalories. Commonly consumed breakfast foods were cereal-based dishes (primarily rice), confectionery (primarily sugar), hot/powdered drinks (primarily Milo), and high-fat milk (primarily sweetened condensed milk). After adjustment, each extra day of breakfast consumption per week was associated with a lower BMI (-0.34 kg/m2, 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.02, -0.66), and serum total (-0.07 mmol/L 95% CI -0.02, -0.13) and LDL (-0.07 mmol/L 95% CI -0.02, -0.12) cholesterol concentrations. Eating daily breakfast in Malaysia was associated with slightly lower BMI and total and LDL cholesterol concentrations among adolescents. Longitudinal studies and randomized trials could further establish causality.
Effect of Gastric Residual Evaluation on Enteral Intake in Extremely Preterm Infants: A Randomized Clinical Trial.; Importance: Evaluating prefeed gastric residuals is considered routine care but has little supporting evidence., Objective: To determine the effect of omitting prefeed gastric residual evaluation on nutritional outcomes in extremely preterm infants., Design, Setting, and Participants: This single-center randomized clinical trial compared the omission of gastric residual evaluation with prefeed gastric residual evaluation. Infants were recruited from a level 4 neonatal intensive care unit and were enrolled from October 17, 2013, to October 8, 2016, and then followed up for 6 weeks after birth. Eligible participants were infants born at 32 or fewer weeks' gestation with a birth weight of 1250 g or less; they were enrolled within 72 hours after birth and within 24 hours after feeding initiation. All participants (N = 143) were included in the modified intent-to-treat analysis, which was conducted from March to July 2018., Interventions: The residual group underwent prefeed gastric residual evaluation; the no residual group did not. Feeding decisions were made according to nutritional guidelines, and infants received only human milk., Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary outcome was weekly enteral nutrition intake in mL/kg for 6 weeks after birth., Results: Of 143 infants, 74 (51.7%) were randomized to undergo gastric residual evaluation (residual group) and 69 (48.3%) to omitted gastric residual evaluation (no residual group). The residual group comprised an even number of male and female infants (37 [50.0%]) with a mean (SD) gestational age of 27.1 (2.4) weeks and a mean (SD) birth weight of 888.8 (206.6) grams, whereas the no residual group had more male infants (36 [52.17%]), a mean (SD) gestational age of 27 (1.2) weeks, and a mean (SD) birth weight of 915.2 (180) grams. The no residual group had feedings that advanced more quickly compared with the residual group (mean weekly increase, 20.7 mL/kg/d vs 17.9 mL/kg/d; P = .02) and consumed more feedings at weeks 5 (137.2 [95% CI, 128.6-145.8]; P = .03) and 6 (141.6 [95% CI, 133.2-150.0]; P = .03). Among the secondary outcomes, the no residual group had higher mean estimated log weights (7.01 [95% CI, 6.99-7.02] vs 6.98 [95% CI, 6.97-7.00]; P = .03), had fewer episodes of abdominal distention (0.59 [95% CI, 0.34-1.01] vs 1.79 [95% CI, 1.27-2.53]; P = .001), and were discharged 8 days earlier (4.21 [95% CI, 4.14-4.28] vs 4.28 [95% CI, 4.19-4.36]; P = .01). Odds for necrotizing enterocolitis (0.058 [95% CI, 0.018-0.190] vs 0.026 [95% CI, 0.006-0.109]), death (0.004 [95% CI, 0.0003-0.046] vs 0.012 [95% CI, 0.001-0.131]), late-onset sepsis (0.970 [95% CI, 0.67-1.40] vs 1.38 [95% CI, 0.97-1.94]), and ventilator-associated pneumonia (0.084 [95% CI, 0.033-0.214] vs 0.056 [95% CI, 0.019-0.168]) were similar between groups., Conclusions and Relevance: Among extremely preterm infants, the omission of gastric residual evaluation increased the delivery of enteral nutrition as well as improved weight gain and led to earlier hospital discharge; these results may translate into evidence-based practice., Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT01863043.
Evaluation of type 2 diabetes prevention through diet modification in people with impaired glucose regulation: A population-based study.; PURPOSE: A few interventional studies to date have specifically assessed the association between dairy products and/or sugar consumption and the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D) incidence. The aim of this study was to assess the effectiveness of diet modification in people with impaired glucose regulation (IGR) as defined by a glucose tolerance test (GTT)., METHODS: A quasi-experimental study design was used for this study. A total of 318 randomly selected 18-year-old or older participants from the rural area of the Kyiv region of Ukraine who had not been registered as T2D patients before underwent GTT between June 2013 and June 2017. For those who had been diagnosed with IGR, World Health Organization (WHO)/International Diabetes Federation criteria were used. Of 318 participants screened for T2D, 123 (74% of them females) were diagnosed with IGR. They were aged 18 to 79 years old with a median (QI - QIII) age of 62 (52-68) years. They were repeatedly tested during the study and completed a questionnaire on average 2.8 (1.1) years (standard deviation [SD]), after they had received their lifestyle-based T2D prevention recommendations. In addition to basic recommendations, they were advised to consume approximately 200 g of low-fat dairy products and less than 25 g of sugar daily. Cases of screen-detected diabetes mellitus (SDDM) were diagnosed and reported as an outcome variable if a fast capillary blood glucose level reached 6.1 mmol/L and above. To define the association between implementation of recommendations and the risk of SDDM, the Cox proportional-hazards regression analysis was used., RESULTS: During the study observation period, 56 (45.5%) of 123 IGR-positive participants were recognized as SDDM cases. Those individuals with IGR (n = 111) who confirmed their adherence to preventive recommendations had a significantly lower risk of identifying SDDM, age- and gender-adjusted hazard ratio (HR) 0.26 (95% C ; 0.09-0.72). This effect appears to be related to the recommendation to reduce the daily intake of sugar to less than 25 g (n = 99), corresponding to age- and gender-adjusted HR 0.44 (95% C ; 0.2-0.99). We cannot prove that increasing consumption of dairy products, vegetables, and fruit or increased physical activity had similar effectiveness., CONCLUSIONS: After 2.8 years of follow-up, the individuals who are IGR-positive and who confirmed their adherence to lifestyle-based preventive recommendations had a significantly lower risk of identifying SDDM. This effect appears to be related to recommendations to reduce the daily intake of sugar to less than 25 g. Copyright © 2019 Primary Care Diabetes Europe. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The effect of high compared with low dairy consumption on glucose metabolism, insulin sensitivity, and metabolic flexibility in overweight adults: a randomized crossover trial.; BACKGROUND: Dairy products contain many nutritious components that may benefit metabolic health. There are indications that glucose metabolism and insulin sensitivity, which are generally disturbed in overweight and obese individuals, may improve by increased dairy intake. This may also affect one's metabolic flexibility., OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of high compared with low dairy intake on glucose metabolism, insulin sensitivity, and metabolic flexibility in overweight adults (aged 45-65 y)., METHODS: In this randomized intervention study, subjects consumed a high- and a low-dairy diet [HDD (5-6 dairy portions) and LDD (<=1 dairy portion), respectively] for 6 wk in a crossover design, with a washout period of 4 wk. Dairy portions were 200 g semi-skimmed yoghurt, 30 g reduced-fat (30+) cheese, and 250 mL semiskimmed milk and buttermilk. After 6 wk, a 75-g oral-glucose-tolerance test (13C-labeled) and a subsequent fasting challenge were performed. Metabolic flexibility was studied by determining the respiratory quotient (RQ) using indirect calorimetry. Fasting and postprandial plasma concentrations of glucose and insulin were analyzed. The dual isotope technique enabled calculation of glucose kinetics., RESULTS: The study was completed by 45 overweight men and postmenopausal women [age 58.9 +/- 4.3 y, BMI 27.9 +/- 1.9 kg/m2 (mean +/- SD)]. Fasting RQ and DELTARQ, reflecting metabolic flexibility, did not differ after both diets. Fasting glucose concentrations were similar, whereas fasting insulin concentrations were lower after the LDD (LDD: 8.1 +/- 2.8 mU/L; HDD: 8.9 +/- 3.3 mU/L; P = 0.024). This resulted in a higher HOMA-IR after the HDD (P = 0.027). Postprandial glucose and insulin responses as well as glucose kinetics were similar after both diets., CONCLUSIONS: The amount of dairy intake during a 6-wk period had a neutral effect on metabolic flexibility or postprandial glucose metabolism in middle-aged overweight subjects. More trials are needed to study the effects of specific dairy types and to differentiate between metabolic subgroups. This trial was registered at trialregister.nl as NTR4899. Copyright © American Society for Nutrition 2019.
Beverage intake during alternate-day fasting: Relationship to energy intake and body weight.; BACKGROUND: Alternate-day fasting (ADF) involves a 'famine day' (25% energy intake) and a 'feast day' (ad libitum intake). This secondary analysis examined changes in beverage intake in relation to energy intake and body weight during 12 months of ADF versus daily calorie restriction (CR)., METHODS: Obese subjects (n = 100 enrolled, n = 69 completers) were randomized to one of three groups for 12 months: (a) ADF; (b) CR; or (c) control., RESULTS: At baseline, intakes of diet soda, caffeinated beverages, sugar-sweetened soda, alcohol, juice, and milk were similar between groups. There were no statistically significant changes in the intake of these beverages by month 6 or 12 between ADF (feast or famine day), CR, or control groups. Beverage intake was not related to energy intake or body weight at month 6 or 12 in any group., CONCLUSION: These pilot findings suggest that intermittent fasting does not impact beverage intake in a way that affects energy intake or body weight.
Portion size has sustained effects over 5 days in preschool children: a randomized trial.; BACKGROUND: Although short-term studies have found that serving larger portions of food increases intake in preschool children, it is unknown whether this portion size effect persists over a longer period or whether energy intake is moderated through self-regulation., OBJECTIVES: We tested whether the portion size effect is sustained in preschool children across 5 consecutive days, a period thought to be sufficient for regulatory systems to respond to the overconsumption of energy., METHODS: With the use of a crossover design, over 2 periods we served the same 5 daily menus to 46 children aged 3-5 y in their childcare centers. In 1 period, all foods and milk were served in baseline portions, and in the other period, all portions were increased by 50%. The served items were weighed to determine intake., RESULTS: Increasing the portion size of all foods and milk by 50% increased daily consumption: weighed intake increased by a mean +/- SEM of 143 +/- 21 g/d (16%) and energy intake increased by 167 +/- 22 kcal/d (18%; both P < 0.0001). The trajectories of intake by weight and energy across the 5-day period were linear and the slopes did not differ between portion conditions (both P > 0.13), indicating that there were sustained increases in intake from larger portions without compensatory changes over time. Children differed in their response to increased portions: those with higher weight status, lower ratings for satiety responsiveness, or higher ratings for food responsiveness had greater increases in intake from larger portions (all P < 0.03)., CONCLUSIONS: This demonstration that preschool children failed to adjust their intake during prolonged exposure to larger portions challenges the suggestion that their self-regulatory behavior is sufficient to counter perturbations in energy intake. Furthermore, overconsumption from large portions may play a role in the development of overweight and obesity, as the magnitude of the effect was greater in children of higher weight status. This trial was registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02963987. Copyright © American Society for Nutrition 2019.
A Systematic Review of the Effect of Probiotic Supplementation on Schizophrenia Symptoms.; BACKGROUND: Derangements of the gut microbiome have been linked to increased systemic inflammation and central nervous system disorders, including schizophrenia. This systematic review thus aimed to investigate the hypothesis that probiotic supplementation improves schizophrenia symptoms., METHODS: By using the keywords (probiotic OR gut OR microbiota OR microbiome OR yogurt OR yoghurt OR lactobacillus OR bifidobacterium) AND (schizophrenia OR psychosis), a preliminary search of the PubMed, Medline, Embase, Google Scholar, ClinicalTrials.gov, Clinical Trials Register of the Cochrane Collaboration Depression, Anxiety and Neurosis Group (CCDANTR), and Cochrane Field for Complementary Medicine databases yielded 329 papers published in English between January 1, 1960 and May 1, 2018. Attempts were made to search grey literature as well., RESULTS: Three clinical studies were reviewed, comparing the use of probiotics to placebo controls. Applying per-protocol analysis and a fixed-effects model, there was no significant difference in schizophrenia symptoms between the group that received probiotic supplementation and the placebo group post-intervention as the standardized mean difference was -0.0884 (95% CI -0.380 to 0.204, p = 0.551). Separate analyses were performed to investigate the effect of probiotic supplementation on positive or negative symptoms of schizophrenia alone. In both instances, no significant difference was observed as well., CONCLUSION: Based on current evidence, limited inferences can be made regarding the efficacy of probiotics in schizophrenia. Although probiotics may have other benefits, for example to regulate bowel movement and ameliorate the metabolic effects of antipsychotic medications, the clinical utility of probiotics in the treatment of schizophrenia patients remains to be validated by future clinical studies. Copyright © 2019 S. Karger AG, Basel.
The Mediterranean Diet and Cardiovascular Disease: Gaps in the Evidence and Research Challenges.; In this article, we critically evaluate the evidence relating to the effects of the Mediterranean diet (MD) on the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Strong evidence indicating that the MD prevents CVD has come from prospective cohort studies. However, there is only weak supporting evidence from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) as none have compared subjects who follow an MD and those who do not. Instead, RCTs have tested the effect of 1 or 2 features of the MD. This was the case in the Prevencion con Dieta Mediterranea (PREDIMED) study: the major dietary change in the intervention groups was the addition of either extravirgin olive oil or nuts. Meta-analyses generally suggest that the MD causes small favorable changes in risk factors for CVD, including blood pressure, blood glucose, and waist circumference. However, the effect on blood lipids is generally weak. The MD may also decrease several biomarkers of inflammation, including C-reactive protein. The 7 key features of the MD can be divided into 2 groups. Some are clearly protective against CVD (olive oil as the main fat; high in legumes; high in fruits/vegetables/nuts; and low in meat/meat products and increased in fish). However, other features of the MD have a less clear relationship with CVD (low/moderate alcohol use, especially red wine; high in grains/cereals; and low/moderate in milk/dairy). In conclusion, the evidence indicates that the MD prevents CVD. There is a need for RCTs that test the effectiveness of the MD for preventing CVD. Key design features for such a study are proposed.
Promising effects of purslane cream on the breast fissure in lactating women: A clinical trial.; OBJECTIVES: The traditional uses of Portulaca oleracea L. (purslane) with anti-inflammatory and anti-cancer activity as well as anti-oxidants properties were expressed previously. This is a double-blind randomized clinical trial to evaluate the protective effects of purslane cream on the nipple fissure., METHODS: After expressing the goals and methods of the study and obtaining written consent from 86 lactating women with nipple fissure, they were randomly divided into two groups: 43 in purslane cream group and 43 in lanolin ointment group. The score of nipple fissure before the intervention and on the third and eighth day after the study was measured using the Stour scale., RESULTS: The mean score of left and right breast fissures in the group of treatment with lanolin group similar to the group of treatment with purslane cream showed a significant decrease at the third day and eighth day (P=0.001). Mann-Whitney test comparing mean score of the fissure between two groups showed that two groups were homogeneous before the intervention, but there was a significant difference between two groups on the third and eighth days (p < 0.001). The recovery process occurred faster in the group of treatment with purslane cream., CONCLUSION: We showed that the use of purslane cream without any complications could accelerate the repairing of nipple fissure. Based on this clinical trial, purslane cream (2% w/w) can be used as an accelerator for improving the nipple fissure in lactating women. Copyright © 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effects of whey protein nutritional supplement on muscle function among community-dwelling frail older people: A multicenter study in China.; BACKGROUND: Frailty, featured by the presence of fatigue, weight loss, decrease in grip strength, decline gait speed and reduced activities substantially increase the risk of falls, disability, hospitalizations, and mortality of older people. Nutritional supplementation and resistance exercise may improve muscle function and reverse frailty status., OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether whey protein supplements can improve muscle function of frail older people in addition to resistance exercise., METHODS: 115 community-dwelling older adults who met the Fried's criteria for frailty from four hospitals' out-patients clinic in Beijing, China completed the study. It's a case-control study which whey protein was used as daily supplementation for 12 weeks for active group and regular resistance exercise for active group and control group. Handgrip strength, gait speed, chair-stand test, balance score, and SPPB score were compared in both groups during the 12-week follow-up., RESULTS: Overall, 115 subjects were enrolled for study with 66 in active group and 49 in control group. Handgrip strength, gait speed, and chair-stand time were all significantly improved in both groups with significant between-group differences. The active group improved significantly in handgrip strength compared with the control group, which between-group effect (95% confidence interval) for female was 0.107kg (0.066-0.149), p=0.008 and for male was 0.89kg (0.579-1.201), p=0.007. For chair-stand time, between-group effect (95% confidence interval) was -2.875s (-3.62 to -2.124), p=0.004 and for gait speed, between-group effect (95% confidence interval) was 0.109m/s (0.090 to 0.130), p=0.003., CONCLUSIONS: The 12-week intervention of whey protein oral nutritional supplement revealed significant improvements in muscle function among the frailty elderly besides aiding with resistance exercise. These results warrant further investigations into the role of a multi-modal supplementation approach which could prevent adverse outcomes among frailty elderly at risk for various disabilities. Copyright © 2019. Published by Elsevier B.V.
Effects of probiotic yogurt on glycemic indexes and endothelial dysfunction markers in patients with metabolic syndrome.; OBJECTIVES: The relationship between gut microflora and metabolic syndrome components such as obesity, low-grade chronic systemic inflammation, dyslipidemia, and altered glucose metabolism is now acknowledged. The aim of this study was to assess the effects of probiotic yogurt on glycemic indexes and endothelial dysfunction markers in patients with metabolic syndrome., METHODS: This was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial of 44 patients with metabolic syndrome (22 men and 22 women), who were 20 to 65 y of age. The patients were assigned to either a treatment or control group and consumed 300g/d of probiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb12 or a regular yogurt for 2 mo, respectively. Each group contained 22 participants. Fasting blood glucose and serum insulin was performed to derive homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), insulin sensitivity (Quicki), and HOMA of beta-cell function (HOMA- beta). In addition, markers of vascular cell adhesion molecule cell (VCAM)-1, intercellular adhesion molecule cell (ICAM)-1, and plasminogen activator inhibitor (PAI)-1 were measured to evaluate endothelial function at the beginning and at the end of the study., RESULTS: Consumption of probiotic yogurt resulted in a significant reduction in the level of blood glucose and VCAM-1. Significant changes in PAI-1, VCAM-1, insulin, HOMA-IR, and Quicki were observed in the probiotic yogurt group after intervention compared with baseline., CONCLUSION: Consumption of probiotic yogurt improved fasting blood glucose and partly modified serum endothelial function markers. These results suggest that regular intake of probiotic yogurt may exert positive effects on the treatment of metabolic syndrome. Copyright © 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A Phase I Randomized Clinical Trial of Evidence-Based, Pragmatic Interventions to Improve Functional Recovery After Hospitalization in Geriatric Patients.; BACKGROUND: Physical function declines during hospitalization in geriatric patients, increasing the risk of loss of independence. There is a need for evidence-based, pragmatic interventions to improve functional recovery of older adults following acute hospitalization. Here, we report the results of a Phase I randomized clinical trial designed to determine safety and effect size of protein supplementation, exercise, and testosterone interventions on 30-day post-discharge functional recovery and readmissions in geriatric patients., METHODS: A total of 100 patients admitted to the University of Texas Medical Branch hospital for an acute medical illness were randomized to one of five intervention groups: isocaloric placebo, whey protein supplement, in-home rehabilitation + placebo, in-home rehabilitation + whey protein, or testosterone. Primary outcome measure was the change from baseline in short physical performance battery score at 1 and 4 weeks post-discharge. Secondary outcomes were changes in body composition, activities of daily living, and 30-day readmissions. Comparisons were made across study groups and between placebo and all active intervention groups., RESULTS: Four weeks post-discharge, the short physical performance battery total score and balance score increased more in active intervention groups than placebo group (p < .05). There were no significant differences in change in body composition or activities of daily living across groups or between active intervention groups and placebo group. Readmission rates were highest in placebo (28%), followed by rehabilitation + placebo (15%), whey protein (12%), rehabilitation + whey protein (11%), and testosterone (5%). There was a trend for lower readmission rates in all active intervention groups (11%) versus placebo group (28%)., CONCLUSIONS: Findings from this Phase I clinical trial suggest that pragmatic, evidence-based interventions may accelerate recovery from acute hospitalization in geriatric patients. These data provide essential information to design larger randomized controlled trials to test the effectiveness of these interventions. Copyright © The Author(s) 2019. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of The Gerontological Society of America. All rights reserved.For permissions, please e-mail: journals.permissions@oup.com.
The Effect of Probiotic Yogurt on Glycemic Control in Type 2 Diabetes or Obesity: A Meta-Analysis of Nine Randomized Controlled Trials.; Probiotic yogurt is suggested as a nutritional approach in type 2 diabetes (T2D) and obesity. We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating the effects of probiotic yogurt on glycemic outcomes in T2D or obesity. The databases used to search for RCTs included Medline and Scopus. The RCTs were eligible if outcomes included selected glycemic markers. In nine eligible trials, 237 and 235 subjects were in treatment (probiotic yogurt) and control (mostly conventional yogurt) groups, respectively. There was no significant difference for pooled unstandardized mean difference (USMD) hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) by probiotic yogurt compared with the control in T2D (USMD: -0.366; 95% CI: -0.755, 0.024, p = 0.066) and obesity (USMD: 0.116, 95% CI: -0.007, 0.238, p = 0.065). Similarly, there were no effects of probiotic yogurt on fasting blood glucose, fasting insulin, or insulin resistance (estimated by homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR)) in either T2D or obesity. In conclusion, the present meta-analysis has not demonstrated the benefits of consuming probiotic compared with conventional yogurt for improving glucose control in patients with diabetes or obesity. Larger trials are needed to verify the benefits of probiotic and/or conventional yogurt or other probiotic fermented milk (e.g., kefir) on glycemic markers in patients with diabetes and obesity.
Vitamin D Status, Calcium Intake and Risk of Developing Type 2 Diabetes: An Unresolved Issue.; The relationship between vitamin D status, calcium intake and the risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2D) is a topic of growing interest. One of the most interesting non-skeletal functions of vitamin D is its potential role in glucose homeostasis. This possible association is related to the secretion of insulin by pancreatic beta cells, insulin resistance in different tissues and its influence on systemic inflammation. However, despite multiple observational studies and several meta-analyses that have shown a positive association between circulating 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentrations and the risk of T2D, no randomized clinical trials supplementing with different doses of vitamin D have confirmed this hypothesis definitively. An important question is the identification of what 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels are necessary to influence glycemic homeostasis and the risk of developing T2D. These values of vitamin D can be significantly higher than vitamin D levels required for bone health, but the currently available data do not allow us to answer this question adequately. Furthermore, a large number of observational studies show that dairy consumption is linked to a lower risk of T2D, but the components responsible for this relationship are not well established. Therefore, the importance of calcium intake in the risk of developing T2D has not yet been established. Although there is a biological plausibility linking the status of vitamin D and calcium intake with the risk of T2D, well-designed randomized clinical trials are necessary to answer this important question.
Early-Life Nutrition, Growth Trajectories, and Long-Term Outcome.; It is well established that nutrition during the first 1,000 days of life can have a long-term effect on growth, metabolic outcome, and long-term health. We review the long-term anthropometric follow-ups of children with risk of later morbidity: (a) very-low-birth-weight (VLBW) infants who have birth weights <10th percentile of weight and receive fortified breast milk, (b) infants from developing countries who are breastfed according to the present recommendations but have low birth weight and length, and (c) children from developed countries who were enrolled in randomized controlled trials (RCTs) to test if breastfeeding and low-protein formulas can prevent from rapid weight gain and childhood obesity. VLBW infants can be appropriate, small for gestational age (SGA), or intrauterine growth retarded (IUGR). SGA and IUGR (due to placenta insufficiency) infants are born with birth weights <10th percentile of weight for gestational age (GA). We provided fortified breast milk until 52 weeks of GA to 31 SGA and 127 IUGR infants and followed up growth until 24 months. IUGR infants showed lower weight gain between birth and 3 months and had lower weight between 3 and 24 months (p < 0.05; ANCOVA). No significant BMI differences between SGA and IUGR infants were observed. It seems that IUGR infants receiving fortified breast milk need special attention, because without further improvement in breast milk fortification weight gain after discharge from hospital might be too slow. In developing countries, length and weight of breastfed infants during the first 2 years are strongly influenced by the respective anthropometric parameters at birth. Studies in the Gambia and Zimbabwe indicate that only breastfed infants with birth length and weight above the respective WHO 0 z-scores continue with adequate growth and have length and weight above the WHO 0 z-scores at 18 and 24 months. Prevalence of stunting and wasting in the overall Gambia breastfed infant population rapidly increases during the first year, peaks at around 3 years, but decreases thereafter. Long-term growth trajectories indicate later start of puberty and slow pubertal growth, but adult weight and height are not reached before 20-24 years. In adulthood, prevalence of stunting and wasting is much lower than during any period of childhood. Maternal risk factors, such as childhood marriage and poor nutrition before and during pregnancy, need to come into focus to improve birth length and weight and lower high stunting rates. Term breastfed infants from overweight/obese mothers and breastfed infants with rapid weight gain during infancy have increased risk of childhood obesity. Infants who are exclusively breastfed 4-6 months or receive low protein follow-up formulas (high-quality protein) grow slower during the first 2-3 years than infants fed high-protein formulas. During follow-up examinations at 5-6 years, they have lower BMI and obesity prevalence. Body composition measurements (DEXA) at 5-8 years in children who were breastfed and received low- or high-protein formula during infancy indicate that breastfeeding and feeding low-protein formulas are associated with lower gain of fat mass. Longitudinal cohort studies show that high-protein intake during the first 2 years results in higher BMI at 9 years and during adulthood. The studies presented indicate that breastfeeding but also other pre- and postnatal nutritional, epigenetic, and environmental factors influence growth trajectories and long-term health. Copyright © 2019 Nestle Nutrition Institute, Switzerland/S. Karger AG, Basel.
Randomized Trial of Four Treatment Approaches for Actinic Keratosis.; BACKGROUND: Actinic keratosis is the most frequent premalignant skin disease in the white population. In current guidelines, no clear recommendations are made about which treatment is preferred., METHODS: We investigated the effectiveness of four frequently used field-directed treatments (for multiple lesions in a continuous area). Patients with a clinical diagnosis of five or more actinic keratosis lesions on the head, involving one continuous area of 25 to 100 cm2, were enrolled at four Dutch hospitals. Patients were randomly assigned to treatment with 5% fluorouracil cream, 5% imiquimod cream, methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL-PDT), or 0.015% ingenol mebutate gel. The primary outcome was the proportion of patients with a reduction of 75% or more in the number of actinic keratosis lesions from baseline to 12 months after the end of treatment. Both a modified intention-to-treat analysis and a per-protocol analysis were performed., RESULTS: A total of 624 patients were included from November 2014 through March 2017. At 12 months after the end of treatment, the cumulative probability of remaining free from treatment failure was significantly higher among patients who received fluorouracil (74.7%; 95% confidence interval [CI], 66.8 to 81.0) than among those who received imiquimod (53.9%; 95% CI, 45.4 to 61.6), MAL-PDT (37.7%; 95% CI, 30.0 to 45.3), or ingenol mebutate (28.9%; 95% CI, 21.8 to 36.3). As compared with fluorouracil, the hazard ratio for treatment failure was 2.03 (95% CI, 1.36 to 3.04) with imiquimod, 2.73 (95% CI, 1.87 to 3.99) with MAL-PDT, and 3.33 (95% CI, 2.29 to 4.85) with ingenol mebutate (P<=0.001 for all comparisons). No unexpected toxic effects were documented., CONCLUSIONS: At 12 months after the end of treatment in patients with multiple actinic keratosis lesions on the head, 5% fluorouracil cream was the most effective of four field-directed treatments. (Funded by the Netherlands Organization for Health Research and Development; ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT02281682.). Copyright © 2019 Massachusetts Medical Society.
Effects of Milk and Milk-Product Consumption on Growth among Children and Adolescents Aged 6-18 Years: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.; Although studies have suggested that milk and milk-product consumption may influence growth during childhood and puberty, results are inconsistent. This meta-analysis was performed to evaluate the available evidence of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) assessing whether milk and milk-product consumption could affect growth and body composition among children and adolescents aged 6-18 y. PubMed, EMBASE, Web of Science, and The Cochrane Library databases were systematically searched for all RCTs published up to December 2017 that investigated milk and milk-product consumption (>=12 wk) on growth and body composition among participants (aged 6-18 y) without undernourishment or diseases. Study screening and data extraction by 2 reviewers followed established PRISMA (Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses) guidelines. The Cochrane Collaboration's tool was used to assess the quality of the trials. Data were pooled using a random-effects model. Seventeen trials with 2844 children and adolescents were included. Milk and milk-product interventions resulted in a greater increase in body weight (0.48 kg; 95% CI: 0.19, 0.76 kg; P = 0.001), lean mass (0.21 kg; 95% CI: 0.01, 0.41 kg; P = 0.04), and attenuated gain in percentage body fat (-0.27%; 95% CI: -0.45%, -0.09%; P = 0.003) compared with control groups. However, there were no significant changes in fat mass, height, or waist circumference in the intervention groups compared with the control groups (P >= 0.05). In subgroup analyses, the baseline weight and age, and the duration of intervention were associated with the efficacy of milk and milk-product intake on the change in lean mass, percentage body fat, and waist circumference, respectively (test for subgroup differences: P < 0.05). Children and adolescents aged 6-18 y consuming milk and milk products are more likely to achieve a lean body phenotype. This meta-analysis was registered in the International Prospective Register of Systematic Reviews (PROSPERO) as CRD42018086850. Copyright © 2019 American Society for Nutrition.
A multicenter, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial to evaluate the effect of consuming Growing Up Milk "Lite" on body composition in children aged 12-23 mo.; BACKGROUND: Growing Up Milk (GUM) was developed to assist young children in meeting their nutritional requirements during the second year of life. However, there is limited evidence that GUM improves nutritional status and growth in young children., OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the effect of consuming Growing Up Milk "Lite" (GUMLi) (reduced protein with synbiotics and micronutrients added) compared with standard cow milk as part of a whole diet for 1 y on body composition at 2 y of age., METHODS: GUMLi Trial was a multicenter, double-blind, randomized placebo-controlled trial conducted in Auckland and Brisbane. Healthy 1-y-olds were recruited and randomly assigned to receive either GUMLi or standard cow milk for 12 mo as part of a whole diet. The primary outcome was percentage body fat at 2 y of age measured by bioelectrical impedance. All regression models adjusted for baseline outcome and study center., RESULTS: 160 children (80 per arm) were randomly assigned, and 134 (67 per arm) were included in the modified intention-to-treat analyses. The mean percentage body fat at 12 mo was 23.3% (SD 7.9) in the GUMLi group and 25.7% (SD 7.2) in the cow milk group. After adjusting for baseline outcome and study location, the estimated mean difference in percentage body fat between the intervention and control at 12 mo was -2.19% (95% CI: -4.24, -0.15; P = 0.036). Per-protocol analysis showed a similar effect (mean difference: -2.09%; 95% CI: -4.16, -0.03; P = 0.047). Both fat mass and the fat mass index were significantly lower in the GUMLi group at 12 mo than in the cow milk group., CONCLUSIONS: At 2 y of age, children who consumed a GUM with a lower protein content than cow milk over 12 mo had a lower percentage of body fat. This trial was registered at the Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry as ACTRN12614000918628. Copyright © 2019 American Society for Nutrition.
Encapsulation of lipids as emulsion-alginate beads reduces food intake: a randomized placebo-controlled cross-over human trial in overweight adults.; The objective of this study was to investigate the efficacy of lipid emulsions encapsulated in calcium-alginate beads in reducing food intake and appetite sensations. These emulsion-alginate beads were ingested in a yogurt (active) and compared to an equienergetic yogurt containing nonencapsulated nutrients with comparable sensory properties (control) in a randomized placebo-controlled trial with crossover design. Thirty-three healthy overweight volunteers (mean age: 43years; body mass index: 27.7kg/m2; 14 male) received the 2 treatments. Test days started with a standardized small breakfast (t=0) followed by an active or control yogurt (t=90minutes). Appetite sensations and gastrointestinal symptoms were monitored prior to and after consumption of the yogurt, and food intake was measured during ad libitum pasta meal consumption (t=210minutes). The hypothesis for this study was that delayed release of encapsulated lipids suppresses appetite sensations and reduces food intake. Food intake was significantly reduced with 51+/-20kcal (213 +/- 84 kJ) (P=.016) after intake of the active yogurt (770+/-38kcal (3222 +/- 159 kJ)) compared to the control (821+/-40kcal (3435 +/- 167 kJ)). The approach that we chose is promising to reduce food intake and could contribute to the development of an easy-to-use product for weight management. Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Reductions in whole-body fat mass but not increases in lean mass predict changes in cardiometabolic health indices with exercise training among weight-stable adults.; We assessed whether body composition changes with 9 months of exercise training predicted changes in cardiometabolic health indices in weight-stable adults. We hypothesized that within +/-5% weight change, changes in whole-body fat and lean masses would predict changes in cardiometabolic health indices with exercise training. Using a randomized parallel design, 152 adults (age: 49+/-8 year; body mass index: 30.0+/-2.7kg/m2; mean+/-SD) performed resistance exercises 2 d/wk and aerobic exercises 1 d/wk for 9months. Participants consumed isoenergetic supplements with 0, 10, 20, or 30g whey protein twice daily and remained weight stable within +/-5% of baseline weight. Body weight and composition were measured using dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry pre- and postintervention. Multiple linear regression model was applied for data analyses. Independent of whey protein supplementation, reductions in fat mass predicted increases in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (unstandardized beta-coefficient [beta], -0.03; 95% confidence interval [CI], -0.06 to -0.01; P=.007) and insulin sensitivity index (beta, -0.52; 95% CI, -0.95 to -0.09; P=.018) and decreases in waist circumference (beta, 0.67; 95% CI, 0.17-1.18; P=.009). In contrast, increases in lean mass did not predict changes in any of the measured cardiometabolic health indices. Health improvements with training that emphasize resistance exercises are typically attributed to increases in lean mass; however, these results underscore reducing body fat to predict cardiometabolic health improvements. Copyright © 2018. Published by Elsevier Inc.
The effects of kangaroo mother care on the time to breastfeeding initiation among preterm and LBW infants: a meta-analysis of published studies.; Background: Kangaroo mother care is a comprehensive intervention given for all newborns especially for premature and low birthweight infants. It is the most feasible and preferred intervention for decreasing neonatal morbidity and mortality. Even though time to initiating breastfeeding has been examined by randomized controlled trials, varying findings have been reported. Therefore, the main objective of this meta-analysis was to estimate the pooled mean time to initiate breastfeeding among preterm and low birthweight infants., Methods: The authors searched for randomized controlled trial studies conducted on the effects of kangaroo mother care on the time to breastfeeding initiation among preterm and low birthweight infants. Published articles were identified through a computerized search of electronic databases that includes MEDLINE via PubMed, EMBASE, CINAHL and CENTRAL. The search terms were kangaroo mother care or (skin to skin), or conventional care, newborns, preterm infants, low birthweight infants and randomized controlled trial. A total of 467 eligible titles were identified and eight studies met the inclusion criteria. The extracted data were entered and analyzed using Cochrane Review Manager-5-3 software. Heterogeneity across studies was evaluated by Chi2 test and inconsistency index (I2). Publication bias was assessed using a funnel plot. The random effect model was applied to estimate the pooled mean time to initiate breastfeeding with 95% confidence interval., Results: In this meta-analysis, the overall pooled mean time to initiate breastfeeding was 2.6 days (95% CI 1.23, 3.96). Preterm and low birthweight infants receiving kangaroo mother care intervention initiated breastfeeding 2 days 14 h 24 min earlier than conventional care of radiant warmer/incubator method., Conclusions: Kangaroo mother care promotes early initiation of breastfeeding as compared to conventional care method. Therefore, health facilities need to implement the kangaroo mother care for preterm and low birthweight infants.
The Type of Dietary Fat in an Isocaloric Breakfast Meal Does Not Modify Postprandial Metabolism in Overweight/Obese Pregnant Women.; Almonds provide a satiating, healthy source of fat and fiber. The postprandial metabolic and satiety response to 2 ounces of nuts or dairy was assessed in 18 overweight/obese women during late pregnancy. Serum glucose, triglycerides, insulin, c-peptide, leptin, ghrelin, and lipoprotein particles were measured prior to and during a 5-h postprandial period following the consumption of an isocaloric breakfast meal with equivalent amounts of fat from either nuts or dairy on two separate mornings. Satiety was assessed by visual analogue scale (VAS) questionnaires and ad libitum food intake at the end of the study. At 33 weeks gestation, the women had gained an average of 7.0 +/- 4.4 kg during gestation. Body fat averaged 41.9 +/- 5.5% and hemoglobin A1c levels were elevated, (7.2 +/- 0.6%). Fasting glucose levels were normal, but hyperinsulinemia was evident. The two test meals did not affect the postprandial metabolic response, but glucose, triglyceride, and ghrelin concentrations changed with time during the postprandial period (p < 0.001, p = 0.0008, p = 0.006). Satiety measures did not differ between the two test meals. Consuming an isocaloric breakfast meal with equivalent amounts of fat from nuts or dairy did not alter postprandial levels of blood lipids, glucose, hormones, or measures of satiety in overweight/obese, pregnant women.
High dietary intake of whole milk and full-fat dairy products does not exert hypotensive effects in adults with elevated blood pressure.; Regular consumption of low- and nonfat dairy products reduces blood pressure (BP) in adults with elevated BP. Currently, it is unknown if conventional full-fat dairy products exert similar hypotensive effects. We hypothesized that adding full-fat dairy products to the normal routine diet would reduce seated office and ambulatory BP (primary outcome) in adults with elevated BP when compared with a no dairy control. Using a randomized controlled crossover design, 60 adults with elevated systolic BP (systolic/diastolic BP: 120-159/<99mm Hg) participated in a 4-week high-dairy (4 servings a day of full-fat dairy products + regular diet) and a 4-week no-dairy condition (plant-based food items + regular diet) separated by a 2-week washout period. Data were analyzed based on time, condition, and sex. Seated office systolic BP did not change significantly in either condition. There were no changes in systolic BP in male or female participants across either dietary period. Ambulatory (24-hour) systolic BP did not change significantly in the high-dairy (133+/-2 vs 131+/-1mm Hg) or no-dairy conditions (132+/-2 vs 131+/-1mm Hg). No significant changes were observed for diastolic BP or pulse pressure during condition for office or ambulatory measures. The solitary addition of full-fat dairy products to the normal routine diet does not exert hypotensive effects in adults with elevated BP when compared to the no-dairy control. Copyright © 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of dairy and nondairy snacks on postprandial blood glucose regulation in 9-14-year-old children.; In adults, dairy consumption improves short-term blood glucose regulation. It is unknown if these short-term benefits extend to children of different weight statuses. The objective of this study was to investigate the effect of a dairy and nondairy snack in both normal-weight (NW) and overweight/obese (OW/OB) children on blood glucose regulation and food intake (FI). In a repeated-measures crossover design, 11 NW and 7 OW/OB children (age: 9-14 years), consumed, in random order, a dairy (Greek yogurt, 198.9 g, 171 kcal, 0 g fat, 17 g protein) or nondairy (mini sandwich-type cookies, 37.5 g, 175 kcal, 7.5 g fat, 1.3 g protein) snack containing 25 g of available carbohydrates. Ad libitum FI was measured 120 min after snack consumption. Blood glucose, insulin, C-peptide, and glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) were measured at 0 min (before the snack), and at 30, 60, 90, and 120 min after snack consumption. Insulin secretion was calculated from deconvolution of C-peptide. Hepatic insulin extraction was calculated as C-peptide divided by insulin. FI did not differ between snacks (P = 0.55). Mean blood glucose was lower (P < 0.001) and insulin higher (P < 0.0001) in the 120 min after consuming the dairy snack. C-Peptide concentrations (P = 0.75) and insulin secretion (P = 0.37) were not different between snacks. The increase in insulin was explained by reduced hepatic insulin extraction (P < 0.01). Consumption of the dairy snack also increased mean GLP-1 concentrations (P < 0.001). In conclusion, consumption of a dairy snack by NW and OW/OB children results in reduced postprandial blood glucose concentrations and elevated circulating insulin compared with a nondairy snack possibly because of delayed hepatic insulin extraction.
An infant formula with large, milk phospholipid-coated lipid droplets containing a mixture of dairy and vegetable lipids supports adequate growth and is well tolerated in healthy, term infants.; BACKGROUND: Lipid droplets in human milk have a mode diameter of ~4 mum and are surrounded by a native phospholipid-rich membrane. Current infant milk formulas (IMFs) contain small lipid droplets (mode diameter ~0.5 mum) primarily coated by proteins. A concept IMF was developed mimicking more closely the structure and composition of human milk lipid droplets., OBJECTIVES: This randomized, controlled, double-blind equivalence trial evaluates the safety and tolerance of a concept IMF with large, milk phospholipid-coated lipid droplets (mode diameter 3-5 mum) containing vegetable and dairy lipids in healthy, term infants., METHODS: Fully formula-fed infants were enrolled up to 35 d of age and randomly assigned to 1 of 2 formulas until 17 wk of age: 1) Control IMF with small lipid droplets containing vegetable oils (n = 108); or 2) Concept IMF with large, milk phospholipid-coated lipid droplets comprised of 48% dairy lipids (n = 115). A group of 88 breastfed infants served as reference. Primary outcome was daily weight gain during intervention. Additionally, number and type of adverse events, growth, and tolerance parameters were monitored., RESULTS: Equivalence of daily weight gain was demonstrated (Concept compared with Control IMF: -1.37 g/d; 90% CI: -2.71, -0.02; equivalence margin +/- 3 g/d). No relevant group differences were observed in growth, tolerance and number, severity, or relatedness of adverse events. We did observe a higher prevalence of watery stools in the Concept than in the Control IMF group between 5 and 12 wk of age (P < 0.001), closer to the stool characteristics observed in the breastfed group., CONCLUSIONS: An infant formula with large, milk phospholipid-coated lipid droplets containing dairy lipids is safe, well tolerated, and supports an adequate growth in healthy infants. This trial was registered in the Dutch Trial Register (www.trialregister.nl) as NTR3683. Copyright © 2019 American Society for Nutrition.
Meals with Similar Fat Content from Different Dairy Products Induce Different Postprandial Triglyceride Responses in Healthy Adults: A Randomized Controlled Cross-Over Trial.; BACKGROUND: Postprandial lipemia is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease. Dairy products differ in nutrient content and food matrix, and little is known about how different dairy products affect postprandial triglyceride (TG) concentrations., OBJECTIVE: We investigated the effect of meals with similar amounts of fat from different dairy products on postprandial TG concentrations over 6 h in healthy adults., METHODS: A randomized controlled cross-over study was performed on 47 subjects (30% men), with median (25th-75th percentile) age of 32 (25-46) y and body mass index of 23.6 (21.0-25.8) kg/m2. Meals included 1 of butter, cheese, whipped cream, or sour cream, corresponding to 45 g of fat (approximately 60 energy%). Serum concentrations of TGs (primary outcome), and total cholesterol (TC), low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL cholesterol), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL cholesterol), insulin, glucose, non-esterified fatty acids, and plasma glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (secondary outcomes) were measured before the meal and 2, 4, and 6 h postprandially. Incremental AUC (iAUC) was calculated for the responses, and data were analyzed using a linear mixed model., RESULTS: Sour cream induced a 61% larger TG-iAUC0-6 h compared to whipped cream (P < 0.001), a 53% larger TG-iAUC0-6 h compared to butter (P < 0.001), and a 23% larger TG-iAUC0-6 h compared to cheese (P = 0.05). No differences in TG-iAUC0-6 h between the other meals were observed. Intake of sour cream induced a larger HDL cholesterol-iAUC0-6 h compared to cheese (P = 0.01). Intake of cheese induced a 124% larger insulin iAUC0-6 h compared to butter (P = 0.006). No other meal effects were observed., CONCLUSIONS: High-fat meals containing similar amount of fat from different dairy products induce different postprandial effects on serum TGs, HDL cholesterol, and insulin in healthy adults. The potential mechanisms and clinical impact of our findings remain to be further elucidated. The study was registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02836106. Copyright © 2019 American Society for Nutrition.
[Associations between milk intake at breakfast and nutritional status of students attending the Nutrition Improvement Program for Rural Compulsory Education Students in 2016].; Objective: To investigate the association between milk intake at breakfast and nutritional status of students attending the Nutrition Improvement Program for Rural Compulsory Education Students (NIPRCES) in 2016, and to provide basic data for improving the nutritional status of the poor rural pupils. Methods: Using the multi-stage stratified random cluster sampling method, 22 315 students from grade three to nine from primary and junior high schools were randomly selected from the 50 key counties under the monitor programs, in 22 provinces of NNIPRCS. Questionnaire was used. Among all the students, with equal number of genders, morning fasting height and weight were measured by trained investigators. Status of nutrition was classified as malnutrition, normal, overweight/obesity, by age-specific height and BMI. Multivariate linear and logistic regression methods were used to analyze the relationship between milk consumption and the status of nutrition of the students. Results: Only 31.4% of the students that were on the monitoring programs would drink milk at breakfast. Proportions of milk intake at breakfast were higher in students from the western regions, in lower grades and in girls (P<0.05). The proportions of malnutrition and overweight/obesity were 11.0% and 10.0% respectively. After controlling factors as gender, age, ethnicity, region of residency and types of parental employment, students who drank milk at breakfast showed an average height of 0.4 cm taller than those who did not drink milk (P=0.001). However, no significant relationships were noticed between milk intake at breakfast and weight, malnutrition or overweight/obesity. Conclusion:  Milk intake at breakfast seemed associated with the height of the students under study, suggesting that this program can be promoted, especially in students from the poor rural areas.
A Randomized Controlled Trial of a Herbal Compound for Improving Metabolic Parameters in Diabetic Patients with Uncontrolled Dyslipidemia.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this randomized controlled trial was to investigate the effects of a polyherbal compound consisting of Aloe vera, black seed, fenugreek, garlic, milk thistle, and psyllium on diabetic patients with uncontrolled dyslipidemia., METHODS: Fifty patients with type 2 diabetes who had dyslipidemia in spite of statin therapy were randomly allocated to two groups: control group (n = 25) receiving a conventional therapy with hypolipidemic and hypoglycemic drugs and intervention group (n = 25) receiving both the conventional therapy and the herbal compound (one sachet twice daily) for 12 weeks. Each sachet contained 300 mg of Aloe vera leaf gel, 1.8 g of black seed, 300 mg of garlic, 2.5 g of fenugreek seed, 1 g of psyllium seed, and 500 mg of milk thistle seed., RESULTS: The levels of serum triglyceride, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein, and HbA1c showed a significant in-group improvement in the intervention group. However, the effects of the herbal compound on fasting blood glucose remained insignificant. The compound had no unwanted effect on the kidney function parameters (urea, creatinine) and serum liver enzymes (alanine aminotransferase and aspartate transaminase)., CONCLUSION: The tested herbal compound, as an add-on to statin therapy, was effective in lowering the serum lipids in diabetic patients with uncontrolled dyslipidemia. Copyright© Bentham Science Publishers; For any queries, please email at epub@benthamscience.net.
Efficacy of photodynamic therapy combined with topical interventions for the treatment of actinic keratosis: a meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Photodynamic therapy (PDT) is a highly effective treatment option for patients with actinic keratoses (AK). However, efficacy can be reduced by insufficient illumination or hyperkeratotic nature of lesions., OBJECTIVES: To investigate if PDT combined with a topical intervention is superior to monotherapy in terms of efficacy and tolerability., METHODS: A systematic literature research was conducted in Medline, Embase and CENTRAL. Pertinent trial registers were hand-searched for eligible randomized controlled trials (RCTs) until 20 August 2018. Results were pooled using a random effects model to calculate relative risks (RR) or mean differences. The risk of bias was assessed with the Cochrane Risk of Bias Tool. The quality of evidence was estimated for each outcome of interest according to GRADE., RESULTS: Out of 1800 references initially identified, 10 RCTs with a total sample size of n = 277 were included. Four studies investigated a combination of PDT with imiquimod cream, three with 5-fluorouracil cream and one each with ingenol mebutate gel, tazarotene gel and calcipotriol ointment, respectively. Patients treated with a combination showed higher participant complete (RR 1.63; 95% CI 1.15-2.33; P = 0.007) and partial clearance rates (RR 1.19; 95% CI 0.84-1.67; P = 0.33). Similarly, the lesion-specific clearance was higher for PDT plus topical intervention compared to monotherapy (RR 1.48; 95% CI 1.04-2.11; P = 0.03). A subgroup analysis was performed for PDT combined with imiquimod, revealing an increased participant complete clearance rate compared to monotherapy (RR 1.57, 95% CI 1.09-2.25, P = 0.02). PDT-induced pain and local skin reactions after treatment were poorly reported. The studies were estimated at high risk for performance and detection bias., CONCLUSION: The combination of PDT with another topical drug intervention does improve AK clearance rates compared to either monotherapy alone. This study highlights that the sequential application of two field-directed treatments represents an efficient approach in patients with multiple AK and field cancerization. Copyright © 2019 European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
A randomized, open, controlled trial of tretinoin 0.05% cream vs. low-dose oral isotretinoin for the treatment of field cancerization.; BACKGROUND: Sun exposure may lead to actinic keratoses (AKs), field cancerization, and skin cancer. Effective treatment of AKs and field cancerization is important. Oral and topical retinoids can be used for this purpose. To compare clinical, histological, and immunohistochemical effects of oral and topical retinoid for AKs and field cancerization on face and upper limbs of immunocompetent patients, as well as the impact on quality of life, safety, and tolerability., METHODS: This study compared 10 mg/day oral isotretinoin (ISO) to 0.05% tretinoin cream (TRE) every other night, associated with sunscreen (SPF 60). Patients of both genders, aged 50-75 years, underwent cryotherapy with liquid nitrogen for AKs at baseline and after 120 days when they were randomized into two groups, TRE (n = 31) and ISO (n = 30), for 6 months. Outcome measures were: number of AKs, histological (thickness of stratum corneum and epithelium) and immunohistochemical parameters (p53, Bcl-2 and Bax), dermatology life quality index (DLQI), and adverse events., RESULTS: Both treatments reduced the number of AKs (around 28%), the thickness of stratum corneum, and expression of p53 and Bax. By contrast, the epithelium thickness and Bcl-2 expression increased. There was no difference in the outcomes between TRE and ISO. Both treatments improved quality of life and were well tolerated with minimal side effects., CONCLUSIONS: Retinoids are effective and safe for field cancerization. Classical treatments for field cancerization (imiquimod and ingenol mebutate) are used for a short period; retinoids may be a good choice to intercalate with them and can be used continuously. Copyright © 2019 The International Society of Dermatology.
Study protocol: optimized complementary feeding study (OTIS): a randomized controlled trial of the impact of a protein-reduced complementary diet based on Nordic foods.; BACKGROUND: What we eat as infants and children carries long-term consequences. Apart from breastfeeding, the composition of the complementary diet, i.e. the foods given to the infant during the transition from breast milk/infant formula to regular family foods affects the child's future health. A high intake of protein, a low intake of fruits, vegetables and fish and an unfavorable distribution between polyunsaturated and saturated fats are considered to be associate with health risks, e.g. obesity, type 2 diabetes and dyslipidemia later in life., METHODS: In a randomized, controlled study from 6 to 18 months of age we will compare the currently recommended, Swedish complementary diet to one based on Nordic foods, i.e. an increased intake of fruits, berries, vegetables, tubers, whole-grain and game, and a lower intake of sweets, dairy, meat and poultry, with lower protein content (30% decrease), a higher intake of vegetable fats and fish and a systematic introduction of fruits and greens. The main outcomes are body composition (fat and fat-free mass measured with deuterium), metabolic and inflammatory biomarkers (associated with the amount of body fat) in blood and urine, gut microbiota (thought to be the link between early diet, metabolism and diseases such as obesity and insulin resistance) and blood pressure. We will also measure the participants' energy and nutrient intake, eating behavior and temperament through validated questionnaires, acceptance of new and unfamiliar foods through video-taped test meals and assessment of cognitive development, which we believe can be influenced through an increased intake of fish and milk fats, notably milk fat globule membranes (MFGM)., DISCUSSION: If the results are what we expect, i.e. improved body composition and a less obesogenic, diabetogenic and inflammatory metabolism and gut microbiota composition, a more sustainable nutrient intake for future health and an increased acceptance of healthy foods, they will have a profound impact on the dietary recommendations to infants in Sweden and elsewhere, their eating habits later in life and subsequently their long-term health., TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT02634749 . Registration date 18 December 2015.
Overfeeding with a high-concentrate diet activates the NOD1-NF-kappaB signalling pathway in the mammary gland of mid-lactating dairy cows.; Long term high-concentrate (HC) diet feeding induces subacute ruminal acidosis (SARA), which is reported to trigger a pro-inflammatory response. This study aimed to investigate the role of nucleotide-binding oligomerization domain protein 1 (NOD1) in initiating the pro-inflammatory response triggered by grain-induced SARA in the mammary gland of mid-lactating dairy cows. Twelve multiparous mid-lactating Holstein cows (455+/-28kg) were randomly assigned into two groups to conduct the experiment for 18 weeks as follows: one group was fed a low-concentrate (LC) diet as a control (40% grain), and the other was fed an HC diet as a treatment (60% grain). Overall, the results showed that a decreased rumen pH and elevated gamma-D-glutamyl-meso-diaminopimelic acid (iE-DAP) concentrations in the HC group compared with LC group. The concentration of pro-inflammatory cytokines, including interleukin (IL)-1beta, IL-6 and tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), significantly increased in the lacteal vein of the HC group than LC group. The mRNA expression levels of NOD1, receptor-interacting protein2 (RIP2), NF-kappaBp65 (p65), IL-1beta, IL-6, IL-8 and TNF-alpha, which involved in inflammatory response, were up-regulated in the HC-induced mammary gland. The changes of the target proteins, including NOD1, p65 and pp65 presented the same tendency as those of the target genes. Collectively, long-term high concentrate feeding-induced SARA increased the rumen iE-DAP concentration which activated NOD1-NF-kappaB signalling pathway-dependent inflammation in the mammary gland of mid-lactating cows. Copyright © 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Urinary excretion of sex steroid hormone metabolites after consumption of cow milk: a randomized crossover intervention trial.; Background: Current cow milk production practices introduce considerable levels of pregnancy hormones into the milk. Humans are exposed to these hormones when cow milk is consumed, and this may explain the observed association between cow milk consumption and several hormone-sensitive cancers., Objectives: The aim of the study was to evaluate whether cow milk consumption is associated with an increase in urinary excretion of sex steroid hormones and their metabolites in humans., Methods: We conducted a randomized crossover intervention feeding experiment. A total of 109 postmenopausal women consumed 1 L of semiskimmed milk (1.5% fat) per day for 4 d and 1 L of whole milk (3.5% fat) per day for 4 d, intersected by 4-d wash-out periods. Sex steroid hormone levels were measured in 24-h urine samples collected at the end of each intervention and wash-out period., Results: Estrogens, androgens, and progesterone were detected in the examined milk samples used for our intervention. Although a very high proportion of the estrogens were conjugated, only small proportions of the androgens and progesterone were conjugated. Milk consumption resulted in a significant increase in urinary estrone (E1) excretion, whereas estradiol (E2), estriol (E3), and 16ketoE2 excretion only increased after semiskimmed milk consumption. Urinary pregnanediol glucuronide excretion was not significantly affected., Conclusion: Cow milk consumption increases urinary excretion of E1 in humans. Ingestion of semiskimmed milk appears also to raise E2, E3, and 16ketoE2 excretion, but future studies need to confirm these associations. This trial was registered at https://www.drks.de as DRKS00003377.
Effect of Donor Milk Supplementation on Breastfeeding Outcomes in Term Newborns: A Randomized Controlled Trial.; BACKGROUND: Pasteurized donor human milk (DHM) use for healthy newborns is increasing; however, no studies have explored its effect on breastfeeding outcomes., PATIENTS AND METHODS: We enrolled 60 healthy, term breastfeeding newborns with >=4.5% weight loss in the first 36 hours in a randomized controlled trial. Thirty newborns were randomly assigned to early limited-volume DHM supplementation and 30 newborns to exclusive breastfeeding. Mothers were surveyed at 1 week and 1, 2, and 3 months regarding the mode of infant feeding. Comparing infants randomized to DHM supplementation with those exclusively breastfeeding, there was no significant difference in the proportion using formula at 1 week (21% vs 7%, P = .15), nor in the proportion of any breastfeeding (79% vs 90%, P = .30) or breastfeeding without formula at 3 months (62% vs 77%, P = .27). Conclusion For newborns with >=4.5% weight loss in the first 36 hours, early limited-volume supplementation with DHM is unlikely to have a significant favorable impact on breastfeeding outcomes.
Whey Proteins Reduce Appetite, Stimulate Anorexigenic Gastrointestinal Peptides and Improve Glucometabolic Homeostasis in Young Obese Women.; INTRODUCTION: Proteins, particularly whey proteins, represent the most satiating macronutrient in animals and humans. A dietetic regimen based on proteins enriched preload before eating might be a strategy to counteract obesity., AIMS AND METHODS: The aim of the present study was to evaluate the effects of an isocaloric drink containing whey proteins or maltodextrins (preload) on appetite (satiety/hunger measured by a visual analogue scale or VAS), glucometabolic control (blood glucose/insulin), and anorexigenic gastrointestinal peptides (pancreatic polypeptide or PP, glucagon-like peptide 1 or GLP-1 and peptide YY or PYY) in a cohort of obese young women (n = 9; age: 18.1 +/- 3.0 years; body mass index, BMI: 38.8 +/- 4.5 kg/m2). After two and a half hours, they were administered with a mixed meal at a fixed dose; satiety and hunger were measured by VAS., RESULTS: Each drink significantly augmented satiety and reduced hunger, and the effects were more evident with whey proteins than maltodextrins. Similarly, there were significant increases in GLP-1 and PYY levels (but not PP) after the ingestion of each drink; these anorexigenic responses were higher with whey proteins than maltodextrins. While insulinemia identically increased after each drink, whey proteins induced a lower glycemic response than maltodextrins. No differences in satiety and hunger were found after the meal, which is presumably due to the late administration of the meal test, when the hypophagic effect of whey proteins was disappearing., CONCLUSIONS: While whey proteins actually reduce appetite, stimulate anorexigenic gastrointestinal peptides, and improve glucometabolic homeostasis in young obese women, further additional studies are mandatory to demonstrate their hypophagic effects in obese subjects, when administered as preload before eating.
Topical treatment of vaginal dryness with a non-hormonal cream in women undergoing breast cancer treatment - An open prospective multicenter study.; This open, prospective, multicenter, observational study was performed to investigate the efficacy and safety of a non-hormonal cream in women undergoing breast cancer treatment and experiencing vulvovaginal dryness symptoms. Overall, 128 patients from 22 study centers participated. The cream was applied to the vagina and vulva for 28 days. For the efficacy analysis, changes in subjective symptoms (feeling of dryness, itching, burning, pain independent of sexual intercourse, dyspareunia, urinary incontinence) were evaluated. Additionally, the following objective diagnostic findings were assessed by a physician: thinning of vaginal epithelium, redness, petechiae, and discharge. Safety and tolerability were assessed by evaluating type and frequency of adverse events, including adverse medical device-related effects. The frequency and intensity of all subjective symptoms significantly improved from baseline at 28 days (p<0.0001). Additionally, 21.4% of patients were completely free of symptoms (p<0.0001) and urinary incontinence was improved or eliminated in 30.8% of women. The overall sum score for all four objective findings was significantly improved from baseline at 28 days (p<0.0001). The frequency of petechial bleedings was significantly reduced (p<0.0001). Further, significant decreases in the severity of vaginal epithelium thinning, redness and petechiae were observed (p<0.0001). More than 88% of patients and investigators assessed the efficacy and tolerability as being good or very good. No serious adverse events were documented. This study demonstrates that the investigated cream is an effective and safe non-hormonal, topical option in the treatment of vulvovaginal dryness symptoms in patients undergoing breast cancer treatment for. However, the study duration and follow-up time of 4 weeks as well as the non-randomized trial design are limitations of the study.
Intake of Animal Protein Blend Plus Carbohydrate Improves Body Composition With no Impact on Performance in Endurance Athletes.; The impact of animal protein blend supplements in endurance athletes is scarcely researched. The authors investigated the effect of ingesting an admixture providing orange juice and protein (PRO) from beef and whey versus carbohydrate alone on body composition and performance over a 10-week training period in male endurance athletes. Participants were randomly assigned to a protein (CHO + PRO, n = 15) or a nonprotein isoenergetic carbohydrate (CHO, n = 15) group. Twenty grams of supplement mixed with orange juice was ingested postworkout or before breakfast on nontraining days. Measurements were performed pre- and postintervention on body composition (by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry), peak oxygen consumption (VO2peak), and maximal aerobic speed. Twenty-five participants (CHO + PRO, n = 12; CHO, n = 13) completed the study. Only the CHO + PRO group significantly (p < .05) reduced whole-body fat (mean +/- SD) (-1.02 +/- 0.6 kg), total trunk fat (-0.81 +/- 0.9 kg), and increased total lower body lean mass (+0.52 +/- 0.7 kg), showing close to statistically significant increases of whole-body lean mass (+0.57 +/- 0.8 kg, p = .055). Both groups reduced (p < .05) visceral fat (CHO + PRO, -0.03 +/- 0.1 kg; CHO, -0.03 +/- 0.5 kg) and improved the speed at maximal aerobic speed (CHO + PRO, +0.56 +/- 0.5 km/hr; CHO, +0.35 +/- 0.5 km/hr). Although consuming animal protein blend mixed with orange juice over 10 weeks helped to reduce fat mass and to increase lean mass, no additional performance benefits in endurance runners were observed.
Metabolic phenotype of breast-fed infants, and infants fed standard formula or bovine MFGM supplemented formula: a randomized controlled trial.; Formula-fed (FF) infants exhibit a different metabolic profile than breast-fed (BF) infants. Two potential mechanisms are the higher protein level in formula compared with breast milk and the removal of the milk fat and associated milk fat globule membranes (MFGM) during production of infant formula. To determine whether MFGM may impact metabolism, formula-fed infants were randomly assigned to receive either an MFGM isolate-supplemented experimental formula (EF) or a standard formula (SF) from 2 until 6 months and compared with a BF reference group. Infants consuming EF had higher levels of fatty acid oxidation products compared to infants consuming SF. Although the protein level in the study formula was approximately 12 g/L (lower than most commercial formulas), a metabolic difference between FF and BF remained such that FF infants had higher levels of amino acid catabolism by-products and a low efficiency of amino acid clearance (preference for protein metabolism). BF infants had higher levels of fatty acid oxidation products (preference for fat metabolism). These unique, energy substrate-driven metabolic outcomes did not persist after diet was shifted to weaning foods and appeared to be disrupted by complementary feeding. Our results suggest that MFGM may have a role in directing infant metabolism.
Soy milk: A functional beverage with hypocholesterolemic effects? A systematic review of randomized controlled trials.; OBJECTIVE: Current guidelines have highlighted the role of diet in conjunction with drug therapy in the management of dyslipidemia. Over the last two decades, the effect of soy milk, a derivative of soybean, on blood lipids has been the focus of nutritional researches. The present study aimed to provide a comprehensive review of clinical trials investigating the effect of soy milk on blood lipids., METHODS: An electronic database searching including PubMed, EMBASE, Scopus, and CENTRAL was performed to extract all the records that were published up to May 2018 using MeSH terms and relevant keywords. Randomized clinical trials that had evaluated the effect of soy milk consumption on serum lipids including total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) were eligible for inclusion to this systematic review., RESULTS: Eight eligible trials comprising a total of 263 subjects were included in this review. Three studies reported no significant improvement in any of the serum lipid parameters following soy milk consumption. A significant decrease in serum TG, TC, and LDL-C was reported by 1, 1 and 3 trials. Also, 1 trial found that soy milk consumption was accompanied by a significant increase in HDL-C., CONCLUSION: Evidence from clinical trials regarding the hypolipidemic effect of soy milk is limited and controversial. More well-designed clinical trials with large sample size and longer duration are warranted. Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Increased Dairy Product Intake Modifies Plasma Glucose Concentrations and Glycated Hemoglobin: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.; Dairy product intake is inversely associated with the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) in numerous cohort studies; yet, the beneficial effects of increased dairy product intake on T2D risk factors such as fasting plasma glucose, fasting insulin, insulin resistance with the homeostasis model assessment, and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) remain inconclusive in clinical trials. The objective of this study was to systematically review clinical trials observing the effects of elevated compared with minimal intake of dairy products on T2D risk factors in subjects without diabetes. Five databases [Medline, EMBASE, Central, CINAHL, AMED (Allied and Complementary Medicine)] were searched to identify randomized controlled trials that used elevated quantities of dairy products from ruminant sources in comparison with a lower intake in control groups. The review outcomes were fasting blood glucose, fasting insulin, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and HbA1c. Risk of bias and quality of evidence according to Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation were addressed. From the 10,627 citations screened, 44 studies (3016 participants) were included, 38 of which were used in the meta-analyses. Fasting glucose was positively associated with elevated dairy intake [34 studies, n = 2678; mean difference (MD): 0.07 mmol/L; 95% CI: 0.01, 0.12 mmol/L; P = 0.01, I2 = 23%]. Fasting insulin (29 studies, n = 1902; MD: -2.97 pmol/L; 95% CI: -7.05, 1.10 pmol/L; P = 0.15, I2 = 21%) and HOMA-IR (13 studies, n = 840; standardized MD: -0.07; 95% CI: -0.26, 0.12; P = 0.49, I2 = 38%) were not associated with elevated dairy consumption. HbA1c was negatively associated with elevated dairy product intake in 4 studies (n = 512; MD: -0.09%; 95% CI: -0.09%, -0.03%; P = 0.005, I2 = 0%). Most studies had high risk of bias and the quality of evidence was very low or low. In conclusion, evidence suggests that elevated dairy product intake is associated with increased fasting plasma glucose concentrations together with reduced HbA1c in nondiabetic subjects. Hence, the clinical significance of these results remains uncertain. Additional well-designed, long-term studies are required. Copyright © 2019 American Society for Nutrition.
A Plant-Based Meal Increases Gastrointestinal Hormones and Satiety More Than an Energy- and Macronutrient-Matched Processed-Meat Meal in T2D, Obese, and Healthy Men: A Three-Group Randomized Crossover Study.; Gastrointestinal hormones are involved in regulation of glucose metabolism and satiety. We tested the acute effect of meal composition on these hormones in three population groups. A randomized crossover design was used to examine the effects of two energy- and macronutrient-matched meals: a processed-meat and cheese (M-meal) and a vegan meal with tofu (V-meal) on gastrointestinal hormones, and satiety in men with type 2 diabetes (T2D, n = 20), obese men (O, n = 20), and healthy men (H, n = 20). Plasma concentrations of glucagon-like peptide -1 (GLP-1), amylin, and peptide YY (PYY) were determined at 0, 30, 60, 120 and 180 min. Visual analogue scale was used to assess satiety. We used repeated-measures Analysis of variance (ANOVA) for statistical analysis. Postprandial secretion of GLP-1 increased after the V-meal in T2D (by 30.5%; 95%CI 21.2 to 40.7%; p < 0.001) and H (by 15.8%; 95%CI 8.6 to 23.5%; p = 0.01). Postprandial plasma concentrations of amylin increased in in all groups after the V-meal: by 15.7% in T2D (95%CI 11.8 to 19.6%; p < 0.001); by 11.5% in O (95%CI 7.8 to 15.3%; p = 0.03); and by 13.8% in H (95%CI 8.4 to 19.5%; p < 0.001). An increase in postprandial values of PYY after the V-meal was significant only in H (by 18.9%; 95%CI 7.5 to 31.3%; p = 0.03). Satiety was greater in all participants after the V-meal: by 9% in T2D (95%CI 4.4 to 13.6%; p = 0.004); by 18.7% in O (95%CI 12.8 to 24.6%; p < 0.001); and by 25% in H (95%CI 18.2 to 31.7%; p < 0.001). Our results indicate there is an increase in gut hormones and satiety, following consumption of a single plant-based meal with tofu when compared with an energy- and macronutrient-matched processed-meat meat and cheese meal, in healthy, obese and diabetic men.
Effects of pre- or post-exercise whey protein supplementation on body fat and metabolic and inflammatory profile in pre-conditioned older women: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.; BACKGROUND AND AIM: Protein supplementation and resistance training (RT) are interventions that may counteract decline in muscle mass and increase in fat mass, thus reducing the risk of developing chronic diseases during the aging process. The objective of this study was to investigate the effect of whey protein (WP) pre- or post-RT on metabolic and inflammatory profile in pre-conditioned older women., METHODS AND RESULTS: Seventy older women participated in this investigation and were randomly assigned to one of three groups: WP pre-RT and placebo post-RT (WP-PLA, n = 24), placebo pre-RT and WP post-RT (PLA-WP, n = 23) and placebo pre and post-RT (PLA-PLA, n = 23). Each group ingested 35 g of PLA or WP pre- and post-RT. RT was carried out over 12 weeks (three times/week; 3 x 8-12 repetition maximum). Body composition, blood pressure, blood samples and dietary intake were assessed pre- and post-intervention. After the intervention, WP groups showed greater improvements in appendicular lean soft tissue (ALST: WP-PLA, 3.1%; PLA-WP, 3.9%; PLA-PLA, 1.8%) and total cholesterol/high density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio (TC/HDL-C: WP-PLA, -12.11%; PLA-WP, -13.2%; PLA-PLA, -0.7) when compared with PLA-PLA. WP post-RT also showed improvements (P < 0.05) in ALST/appendicular fat mass ratio (PLA-WP, 5.8%; PLA-PLA, 1.3%), total body fat (PLA-WP, -3.8%; PLA-PLA: -0.1) and trunk fat mass (PLA-WP, -3.1%; PLA-PLA, -0.3%) when compared with PLA-PLA., CONCLUSION: WP pre- or post- RT promotes improvements in ALST and TC/HDL-C ratio in pre-conditioned older women. WP administered after RT was more effective in improving metabolic health Z-score and in reducing body fat compared to placebo group. Copyright © 2018 The Italian Society of Diabetology, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition, and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Relative efficacy of 5-fluorouracil compared with other treatments among patients with actinic keratosis: A network meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to compare the efficacy of 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) with that of other treatments of actinic keratosis (AK)., METHODS: A systematic literature review of five databases (including Medline and EMBASE) was first performed to identify randomized controlled trials (RCTs). A network meta-analysis (NMA) based on a random-effects Bayesian model was then performed on the outcomes for patients with total clearance and lesions reduced from baseline. Five treatments (viz., 0.5% 5-FU with 10% salicylic acid [5-FU/SA], 5% 5-FU cream, 3% diclofenac sodium, cryosurgery, and vehicle) were evaluated., RESULTS: A total of 11 studies involving 2,256 patients with AK were included in this NMA. The overall risk of bias among the included studies was low. All treatments were significantly better than the vehicle both for patients with total clearance and for lesions reduced from baseline. Among patients with total clearance, 5% 5-FU cream (56.8%) and 5-FU/SA (35.7%) were likely to be more effective than the other treatments, whereas 5% 5-FU cream (98.6%) was likely the most effective in the group of lesions reduced from baseline., CONCLUSION: 5-FU, diclofenac sodium, and cryosurgery are all useful for AK treatment, with 5-FU being the most effective. Copyright © 2019 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Feasibility and Acceptability of Metformin to Augment Low Milk Supply: A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial.; BACKGROUND: Metformin improves insulin action, but feasibility in treating low milk supply is unknown., RESEARCH AIM: To determine the feasibility of a metformin- versus-placebo definitive randomized clinical trial in women with low milk production and signs of insulin resistance., METHODS: Pilot trial criteria included: Mother 1-8 weeks postpartum (ideally 1-2 weeks), low milk production, and >=1 insulin resistance sign; and singleton, healthy, term infant. Eligible mothers were randomly assigned 2:1 (metformin:placebo) and instructed in frequent milk removal for 28 days with option to stop at 14 days., RESULTS: From 02/2015 through 06/2016, we screened 114 women, completed baseline assessments on 46, and trialed 15 (median, 36 days postpartum). Comparing metformin-assigned ( n = 10) to placebo ( n = 5), 70% versus 80% continued to day 28; peak median change in milk output was +8 versus -58 mL/24 hr ( p = .31) and 80% peaked at Day 14 for both groups; 0% versus 20% desired to continue assigned drug after study completion; 44% versus 0% reported nausea/vomiting. Post-hoc, median peak change in milk output was +22 (metformin completers, n = 8) versus -58 mL/24 hr (placebo + non-completers, n = 7, p = .07). At baseline assessment, median milk production was significantly lower in those with ( n = 31), versus those without ( n = 15) signs of insulin resistance ( p = .002)., CONCLUSIONS: Although results trend toward hypothesized direction, trial feasibility concerns include late enrollment and only 20% of metformin-assigned participants sustaining improved milk output to Day 28, with none perceiving metformin worthwhile. Better tools are needed to identify and treat metabolically-driven low milk production. Registered at ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02179788) on 02/JUL/2014.
Variable Glycemic Responses to Intact and Hydrolyzed Milk Proteins in Overweight and Obese Adults Reveal the Need for Precision Nutrition.; Background: Dietary modifications can contribute to improved pancreatic beta cell function and enhance glycemic control., Objectives: The objectives of this study were as follows: 1) to investigate the potential of milk protein hydrolysates to modulate postprandial glucose response; 2) to assess individual responses; and 3) to explore the inter- and intraindividual reproducibility of the response., Methods: A 14-d randomized crossover study investigated interstitial glucose levels of participants in response to 12% w/v milk protein drinks (intact caseinate and casein hydrolysate A and B) consumed in random order with a 2-d washout between treatments. Milk protein drinks were consumed immediately prior to study breakfast and evening meals. Twenty participants (11 men, 9 women) aged 50 +/- 8 y with a body mass index (in kg/m2) of 30.2 +/- 3.1 were recruited. Primary outcome was glucose levels assessed at 15-min intervals with the use of glucose monitors., Results: Repeated-measures ANOVA revealed that for breakfast there was a significant difference across the 3 treatment groups (P = 0.037). The ability to reduce postprandial glucose was specific to casein hydrolysate B in comparison with intact caseinate (P = 0.039). However, despite this significant difference, further examination revealed that only 3 out of 18 individuals were classified as responders (P < 0.05). High intraclass correlation coefficients were obtained for glucose response to study meals (intraclass correlation coefficient: 0.892 for breakfast with intact caseinate). The interindividual CVs were higher than the intraindividual CVs. Mean inter- and intraindividual CVs were 19.4% and 5.7%, respectively, for breakfast with intact caseinate., Conclusion: Ingestion of a specific casein hydrolysate successfully reduced the postprandial glucose response; however, at an individual level only 3 participants were classified as responders, highlighting the need for precision nutrition. Exploration of high interindividual responses to nutrition interventions is needed, in combination with the development of precision nutrition, potentially through an n-of-1 approach. This clinical trial was registered as ISRCTN61079365 (https://www.isrctn.com/).
High concentration of topical amitriptyline for treating chemotherapy-induced neuropathies.; PURPOSE: Chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy (CIPN) is a devastating pain condition of cancer therapy that may force chemotherapy dose reduction or discontinuation. Since treatment options for CIPN are quite limited, we investigated the effect of 10% amitriptyline cream on neuropathic pain., PATIENTS AND METHODS: This pilot study enrolled patients with hematological or solid tumors presenting hands and feet CIPN (for less than 1 month without previous treatment for CIPN [Group 1]; for more than 1 month with previous treatment [Group 2]). Patients applied 10% amitriptyline cream twice a day. Pain intensity was evaluated at 1, 2, and 4 weeks then monthly up to 1 year. The primary endpoint was change from baseline to 4-week treatment in median pain score assessed by visual analogue scale (VAS)., RESULTS: Overall, 44 patients were enrolled. Median (range) age was 67 (46-80) years, 34% were female. The majority (88.6%) had hematological malignancies, and the most commonly used chemotherapeutic agents were bortezomib and oxaliplatin. The median (range) VAS pain score decreased from 7 (4-9) at baseline to 2 (0-4) after 4-week topical treatment. No difference was seen between Group 1 and Group 2. Reduced initial chemotherapy doses in 11 patients as well as chemotherapy discontinued in 5 patients at baseline were resumed after treatment with 10% amitriptyline cream., CONCLUSION: Considering the limited efficacy of conventional systemic treatments in CIPN and their safety profile, 10% topical amitriptyline appears to be a good candidate for first-line CIPN therapy, allowing continuation of chemotherapy at effective doses. The results are worth to be confirmed in a placebo-controlled clinical trial.
Obesity and mental health improvement following nutritional education focusing on gut microbiota composition in Japanese women: a randomised controlled trial.; PURPOSE: Gut microbiota composition was supposedly related to obesity and psychological factors. We examined the effects of a nutritional education intervention focusing on gut microbiota composition on obesity and psychological factors among obese women., METHODS: Forty-four obese Japanese women aged 40 or older were randomly assigned to either an intervention group (n = 22) or control group (n = 22). The intervention consisted of a 20-min dietary lecture and a 10-min counselling session by registered dieticians, every 2 weeks for eight consecutive weeks. Body weight, height, waist circumference, food frequency, and gut microbiota composition were measured, and self-rated health and psychological factors were scored before and after the intervention., RESULTS: All participants completed the 8 week program. After the intervention, dietary fibre intake (p < 0.01), frequency of vegetable consumption (p = 0.020), and frequency of milk and milk product consumption (p < 0.01) increased significantly in the intervention group compared with the control group. Body weight and body mass index (BMI; p < 0.001), waist circumference (p < 0.01), and the depression scale score (p < 0.01) decreased significantly, while significant improvements were found in self-rated health (p = 0.045) and microbiome diversity (p < 0.01)., CONCLUSION: Nutritional education focusing on gut microbiota composition may improve obesity and psychological factors in obese women.
A whey/guar "preload" improves postprandial glycaemia and glycated haemoglobin levels in type 2 diabetes: A 12-week, single-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.; AIMS: To evaluate the effects of 12 weeks of treatment with a whey/guar preload on gastric emptying, postprandial glycaemia and glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) levels in people with type 2 diabetes (T2DM)., MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 79 people with T2DM, managed on diet or metformin (HbA1c 49 +/- 0.7 mmol/mol [6.6 +/- 0.1%]), were randomized, in single-blind fashion, to receive 150 mL flavoured preloads, containing either 17 g whey protein plus 5 g guar (n = 37) or flavoured placebo (n = 42), 15 minutes before two meals, each day for 12 weeks. Blood glucose and gastric emptying (breath test) were measured before and after a mashed potato meal at baseline (without preload), and after the preload at the beginning (week 1) and end (week 12) of treatment. HbA1c levels, energy intake, weight and body composition were also evaluated., RESULTS: Gastric emptying was slower (P < 0.01) and postprandial blood glucose levels lower (P < 0.05) with the whey/guar preload compared to placebo preload, and the magnitude of reduction in glycaemia was related to the rate of gastric emptying at both week 1 (r = -0.54, P < 0.001) and week 12 (r = -0.54, P < 0.0001). At the end of treatment, there was a 1 mmol/mol [0.1%] reduction in HbA1c in the whey/guar group compared to the placebo group (49 +/- 1.0 mmol/mol [6.6 +/- 0.05%] vs. 50 +/- 0.8 mmol/mol [6.7 +/- 0.05%]; P < 0.05). There were no differences in energy intake, body weight, or lean or fat mass between the groups., CONCLUSIONS: In patients with well-controlled T2DM, 12 weeks' treatment with a low-dose whey/guar preload, taken twice daily before meals, had sustained effects of slowing gastric emptying and reducing postprandial blood glucose, which were associated with a modest reduction in HbA1c, without causing weight gain. Copyright © 2018 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Comparison of the Effect of Three Different Fortification Methods on Growth of Very Low Birth Weight Infants.; BACKGROUND: This study aimed to compare the effects of adjustable fortification (AF), targeted fortification (TF), and standard fortification (SF) methods on the early growth of very low birth weight infants., MATERIALS AND METHODS: Sixty infants <32 weeks of gestational age and weighing <1,500 g were selected. These infants were exclusively fed with breast milk and were randomized into three fortification groups: SF, AF, and TF. SF consists of adding a fixed amount of fortifier to maternal milk. Blood urea nitrogen levels are used to adjust fortifier in AF. In TF, breast milk is analyzed and fortified accordingly based on the macronutrient content to achieve the targeted intake., RESULTS: A total of 76 preterm infants were eligible for the study. Sixty infants were randomized into three groups. At the end of the fourth week of fortification period, median daily weight gain of the infants was similar in the AF [23.5 g/(kg.d)] and TF groups [25.5 g/(kg.d)], and significantly higher in both groups than in SF group [12 g/(kg.d)] (AF versus SF group, p < 0.001 and TF versus SF group, p < 0.001). Weight, head circumference, and length were compared across the three groups regarding percentile. Significant improvement in the percentile groups of weight and head circumference was observed in the AF and TF groups. In the SF group, a significant decline in the percentile groups of weight, head circumference, and length was detected. Daily protein and energy intakes in AF and TF groups were significantly higher than those in SF group (SF versus AF, p < 0.001 and SF versus TF, p < 0.001)., CONCLUSIONS: Fortifying breast milk with AF and TF methods was found to improve body weight, length, and head circumference percentiles of preterm infants, whereas SF method was found unsatisfactory. To provide optimum growth for preterm babies, breast milk that has been fortified by using AF and TF strategies should be recommended in neonatal intensive care units.
Time to Full Enteral Feeding for Very Low-Birth-Weight Infants Varies Markedly Among Hospitals Worldwide But May Not Be Associated With Incidence of Necrotizing Enterocolitis: The NEOMUNE-NeoNutriNet Cohort Study.; BACKGROUND: Transition to enteral feeding is difficult for very low-birth-weight (VLBW; <=1500 g) infants, and optimal nutrition is important for clinical outcomes., METHOD: Data on feeding practices and short-term clinical outcomes (growth, necrotizing enterocolitis [NEC], mortality) in VLBW infants were collected from 13 neonatal intensive care units (NICUs) in 5 continents (n = 2947). Specifically, 5 NICUs in Guangdong province in China (GD), mainly using formula feeding and slow feeding advancement (n = 1366), were compared with the remaining NICUs (non-GD, n = 1581, Oceania, Europe, United States, Taiwan, Africa) using mainly human milk with faster advancement rates., RESULTS: Across NICUs, large differences were observed for time to reach full enteral feeding (TFF; 8-33 days), weight gain (5.0-14.6 g/kg/day), z-scores (-0.54 to -1.64), incidence of NEC (1%-13%), and mortality (1%-18%). Adjusted for gestational age, GD units had longer TFF (26 vs 11 days), lower weight gain (8.7 vs 10.9 g/kg/day), and more days on antibiotics (17 vs 11 days; all P < .001) than non-GD units, but NEC incidence and mortality were similar., CONCLUSION: Feeding practices for VLBW infants vary markedly around the world. Use of formula and long TFF in South China was associated with more use of antibiotics and slower weight gain, but apparently not with more NEC or higher mortality. Both infant- and hospital-related factors influence feeding practices for preterm infants. Multicenter, randomized controlled trials are required to identify the optimal feeding strategy during the first weeks of life. Copyright © 2018 American Society for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition.
Systemic and skin-targeting beneficial effects of lycopene-enriched ice cream: A pilot study.; The health-promoting dietary antioxidant lycopene has limited natural bioavailability, but lycopene-rich functional foods can improve its bioavailability. We assessed a new lycopene-enriched ice cream for systemic antioxidant effects and influence on morphological characteristics of facial skin surface in healthy volunteers. In a randomized crossover study, we used 4-wk dietary interventions with either control or lycopene-enriched ice cream. Samples of serum and residual skin surface components (RSSC) from facial skin were taken before interventions, at 2 wk, and at intervention end. Lycopene concentration, conventional blood biochemistry, and oxidative stress biomarkers comprising inflammatory oxidative damage and low-density lipoprotein peroxidase proteins were assessed in the serum. Lycopene-associated immunofluorescence, lipid droplet size, corneocyte desquamation, and microbial presence were measured in the RSSC. The results show that lycopene concentrations in the serum and skin steadily increased during lycopene-enriched ice cream consumption. Whereas we found no intervention-dependent changes in conventional biochemical parameters, both inflammatory oxidative damage and low-density lipoprotein peroxidase protein values significantly decreased by the end of intervention with lycopene-enriched ice cream, but remained unchanged during control ice cream consumption. Control ice cream significantly increased corneocyte desquamation and bacterial presence in the RSSC. These adverse effects, which could potentially predispose consumers to acne development, were absent when volunteers consumed lycopene-enriched ice cream. We concluded that lycopene-enriched ice cream is a new functional food with clear antioxidant properties. In addition, enrichment with lycopene may alleviate proinflammatory action of ice cream at the level of facial skin, thus decreasing diet-associated acne development risk in young consumers. Copyright © 2019 American Dairy Science Association. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Probiotic Yogurt for the Prevention of Antibiotic-associated Diarrhea in Adults: A Randomized Double-blind Placebo-controlled Trial.; GOAL: To evaluate the effect of yogurt supplemented with probiotic bacteria on the prevention of antibiotic-associated diarrhea (AAD) in hospitalized patients., BACKGROUND: Diarrhea following antibiotic administration is a frequent clinical problem. The usefulness of probiotics for the prevention of AAD in the hospitalized adult population remains unclear., STUDY: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial was conducted in hospitalized patients who started antibiotic treatment. Patients were randomized (2:2:1) to receive a daily amount of 200 mL of placebo-yogurt (Streptococcus thermophilus and Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus), 200 mL of probiotic yogurt (previous plus Lactobacillus acidophilus La-5, Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis Bb-12 and Lactobacillus casei subsp. casei Lc-01 or no yogurt (unblinded control) within 48 hours of beginning the antibiotic therapy and up to 5 days after stopping the antibiotic. Patients were followed up with for 1 month to determine occurrence of diarrhea., RESULTS: We included 314 patients, mean age 76 years. The rate of diarrhea was 23.0% in the probiotic group versus 17.6% in the placebo group, absolute risk reduction -5.35% (95% confidence interval, -15.4% to 4.7%; P=0.30). Rate of diarrhea was similar in the unblinded external control and in the blinded study groups combined (20.9% vs. 20.2% respectively; P=0.91). There was no difference in the duration of diarrhea, maximum number of bowel movements or prolonged admission because of diarrhea among the groups. All-cause mortality did not differ between groups., CONCLUSIONS: The combined probiotic strains LA-5, BB-12, and LC-01 do not have an effect in the prevention of AAD in hospitalized patients.
Dairy milk proteins attenuate hyperglycemia-induced impairments in vascular endothelial function in adults with prediabetes by limiting increases in glycemia and oxidative stress that reduce nitric oxide bioavailability.; Postprandial hyperglycemia (PPH) transiently impairs vascular endothelial function (VEF) in an oxidative stress-dependent manner by decreasing nitric oxide (NO*) bioavailability. Dairy milk and its proteins attenuate PPH, but whether this improves VEF is unknown. We hypothesized that dairy milk, mediated by its whey and/or casein proteins, improves VEF by attenuating PPH-induced oxidative stress that otherwise decreases NO* bioavailability. A randomized, cross-over trial was conducted in adults with prediabetes (n=23) who ingested glucose (75 g, GLU) alone or with 473 mL of non-fat dairy milk (MILK) or isonitrogenous (16.5 g) amounts of whey (WHEY) or casein (CASEIN) in 473 mL of water. Prior to and at 30 min intervals for 180 min postprandially, we assessed brachial artery flow-mediated dilation (FMD) and measured biomarkers of glycemic control, oxidative stress, and NO* homeostasis. FMDAUC decreased to the greatest extent during GLU, which was similarly improved in dairy trials. Compared with GLU, AUCs for glucose, malondialdehyde, F2-isoprostanes, methylglyoxal, and endothelin-1 were similarly lower in dairy trials. Plasma arginine and NO* metabolites were greater but methylated arginine metabolites were lower in dairy trials compared with GLU. Postprandial insulin, lipids, and tetrahydrobiopterin redox status did not differ among trials. Thus, dairy milk, mediated by its whey and casein proteins, attenuates PPH-mediated impairments in VEF by limiting oxidative stress. This improves NO* bioavailability to the vascular endothelium by increasing arginine availability and limiting competitive inhibition on NO* biosynthesis by asymmetric dimethylarginine. These findings support observational studies that dairy milk lowers cardiovascular disease risk. Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The Effects of Soy Milk Enriched with Lactobacillus casei and Omega-3 on the Tibia and L5 Vertebra in Diabetic Rats: a Stereological Study.; Bone fragility, despite relatively high BMD values, is an important complication related to insulin resistance and oxidative stress in diabetes mellitus type 1. The present study aimed to compare the effects of soy milk (SM), soy milk containing Lactobacillus casei (PSM), and soy milk enriched with Lactobacillus casei and omega-3 (OPSM) on the stereology of the tibia and vertebra, and antioxidant activity in type 1 diabetic rats. Sixty-five male Sprague Dawley rats were randomly assigned into 5 groups of 13 animals each. Diabetes was induced by a single injection of STZ (60 mg/kg); two control groups (non-diabetic: CN and diabetic: CD) were selected and then fed with 1 mL of distilled water. Three treatment groups were fed 1 ml of SM, PSM, and OPSM via intragastric gavage for 60 days. Treatment with SM, PSM, and OPSM significantly decreased (P < 0.05) the number of the osteoclasts in both tibia and L5 vertebra, and plasma alkaline phosphatase level. Also, the osteoblast number, calcium level, catalase activity, and total antioxidant capacity were increased in the SM, PSM, and OPSM groups compared to the STZ group. OPSM had the greatest effects on the stereological and biochemical parameters compared to the SM and PSM groups. Soy milk combination with Lactobacillus casei and omega-3 can ameliorate the stereological changes in the tibia and vertebra. In addition, this combination increased the antioxidant activity and improved the redox homeostasis in diabetic rats. These results suggest the potential role of soy milk containing Lactobacillus casei enriched with omega-3 in preventing and delaying osteoporosis in diabetic patients.
Dairy milk, regardless of fat content, protects against postprandial hyperglycemia-mediated impairments in vascular endothelial function in adults with prediabetes by limiting oxidative stress responses that reduce nitric oxide bioavailability.; Postprandial hyperglycemia (PPH) transiently impairs vascular endothelial function (VEF) in an oxidative-stress-dependent manner by decreasing nitric oxide (NO*) bioavailability. Dairy milk, regardless of fat content, attenuates PPH, but whether this improves VEF by limiting oxidative stress responses that otherwise decrease NO* bioavailability is not known. We hypothesized that nonfat and full-fat dairy milk would similarly improve VEF by attenuating PPH-induced oxidative stress that otherwise decreases NO* biosynthesis and bioavailability. A randomized, crossover trial was conducted in adults with prediabetes (n=22) who ingested glucose (75 g) dissolved in 473 ml of water (GLU), or glucose with an equal volume of nonfat dairy milk (NFM) or full-fat dairy milk (FFM). Prior to and at 30-min intervals for 180 min postprandially, we assessed brachial artery flow-mediated dilation (FMD) and measured circulating biomarkers of glycemic control, oxidative stress and NO* homeostasis. AUC0-180 min for FMD and NO* metabolites was lowest in GLU but relatively greater in NFM and FFM. Compared with GLU, AUCs for glucose, malondialdehyde, F2-isoprostanes and endothelin-1 were similarly lower in dairy trials. Milk-mediated vasoprotection was accompanied by greater levels of plasma arginine and lower levels of asymmetric dimethylarginine and symmetric dimethylarginine. Postprandial insulin, lipids and tetrahydrobiopterin redox status did not differ among trials. Thus, dairy milk, regardless of its fat content, attenuates PPH-mediated impairments in VEF by limiting oxidative stress. This improves NO* bioavailability to the vascular endothelium by increasing arginine availability and limiting competitive inhibition on NO* biosynthesis by asymmetric dimethylarginine. Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A Novel Donkey Milk-derived Human Milk Fortifier in Feeding Preterm Infants: A Randomized Controlled Trial.; OBJECTIVES: The purpose of the present randomized controlled clinical trial was to compare the use of donkey milk-derived fortifier (DF) with commercial bovine milk-derived fortifier (BF) in very preterm or very-low-birth-weight newborns, in terms of feeding tolerance., METHODS: This trial included 156 newborns born at <32 weeks of gestational age and/or with a birth weight <=1500 g. Newborns were randomized 1:1 to receive enteral feeding with either a BF-arm, or a new, DF-arm for 21 days. The fortification protocol was the same for both study arms, and the 2 diets were designed to be isoproteic and isocaloric. Feeding tolerance was assessed by a standardized protocol., RESULTS: The risk of feeding intolerance tended to be lower in DF-arm than in BF-arm, with a relative risk reduction of 0.63 (95% confidence interval: -0.29, +0.90). The mean number of episodes per newborn of feeding intolerance and feeding interruptions (any duration) were consistently lower in the DF-arm than in the BF-arm. Episodes of bilious gastric residuals and vomiting were significantly lower in the DF-arm. Time needed to reach full enteral feeding (150 mL . kg . day) and daily weight increase between the first day of exclusive enteral feeding (ie, without administering intravenous fluids) and discharge were similar in the BF- and DF-arms., CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that DF improve feeding tolerance when compared with standard bovine-derived fortifiers, with a similar auxological outcome.
Single bout of low-intensity exercise produces modestly favorable changes in glycemic and lipidemic profiles after ingestion of non-isoglucidic breakfasts.; OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to investigate the acute effects of low-intensity exercise on the postprandial hormonal and metabolic milieu induced by breakfast consumption., METHODS: Exercise began 100 min after the initiation of breakfast consumption and consisted of cycling at 40% of maximum oxygen uptake for 20 min. Three different breakfasts were used to elicit the postprandial state: B1=skimmed milk (125 mL) and 30g corn flakes; B2=skimmed milk (220 mL), 200 g apple, 30 g cocoa cream-filled sponge cake; B3=skimmed milk (125 mL), 50 g bread, 150 g apple, and 15 g hazelnut and cocoa spread. Nineteen young healthy participants (8 M/11 F; body mass index 22.7 +/- 0.5 kg/m2; age 31 +/- 0.7 y) consumed the three breakfasts, as well as an oral glucose load (50-g oral glucose tolerance test), under either resting or exercise conditions, in a randomized-crossover fashion. Blood glucose, insulinemia, ghrelinemia, lipidemia, and satiety were measured throughout the studies. To evaluate the metabolic effects of exercise, the changes that glucose, insulin, ghrelin, free fatty acid exhibited in the interval 90 to 120 min were analyzed with a two-way repeated measures analysis of variance (factor 1: type of oral test; factor 2: resting/exercise condition)., RESULTS: No interaction between the two factors was found for any of the examined variables. Light exercise produced a modest, significant decrease in blood glucose levels (P=0.004) and a modest, significant increase in free fatty acid levels (P=0.002) with respect to the resting condition., CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that short, mild exercise has beneficial effects on postprandial metabolism and this may have direct bearing on the issue of counteracting the epidemic rising of sedentary lifestyle of the general population. Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Efficacy and tolerability of a cocktail of bacteriophages to treat burn wounds infected by Pseudomonas aeruginosa (PhagoBurn): a randomised, controlled, double-blind phase 1/2 trial.; BACKGROUND: Wound infections are the main cause of sepsis in patients with burns and increase burn-related morbidity and mortality. Bacteriophages, natural bacterial viruses, are being considered as an alternative therapy to treat infections caused by multidrug-resistant bacteria. We aimed to compare the efficacy and tolerability of a cocktail of lytic anti-Pseudomonas aeruginosa bacteriophages with standard of care for patients with burns., METHODS: In this randomised phase 1/2 trial, patients with a confirmed burn wound infection were recruited from nine burn centres in hospitals in France and Belgium. Patients were eligible if they were aged 18 years or older and had a burn wound clinically infected with P aeruginosa. Eligible participants were randomly assigned (1:1) by use of an interactive web response system to a cocktail of 12 natural lytic anti-P aeruginosa bacteriophages (PP1131; 1 x 106 plaque-forming units [PFU] per mL) or standard of care (1% sulfadiazine silver emulsion cream), both given as a daily topical treatment for 7 days, with 14 days of follow-up. Masking of treatment from clinicians was not possible because of the appearance of the two treatments (standard of care a thick cream, PP1131 a clear liquid applied via a dressing), but assignments were masked from microbiologists who analysed the samples and patients (treatment applied while patients were under general anaesthetic). The primary endpoint was median time to sustained reduction in bacterial burden by at least two quadrants via a four-quadrant method, assessed by use of daily swabs in all participants with a microbiologically documented infection at day 0 who were given at least one sulfadiazine silver or phage dressing (modified intention-to-treat population). Safety was assessed in all participants who received at least one dressing according to protocol. Ancillary studies were done in the per-protocol population (all PP1131 participants who completed 7 days of treatment) to assess the reasons for success or failure of phage therapy. This trial is registered with the European Clinical Trials database, number 2014-000714-65, and ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT02116010, and is now closed., FINDINGS: Between July 22, 2015, and Jan 2, 2017, across two recruitment periods spanning 13 months, 27 patients were recruited and randomly assigned to receive phage therapy (n=13) or standard of care (n=14). One patient in the standard of care group was not exposed to treatment, giving a safety population of 26 patients (PP1131 n=13, standard of care n=13), and one patient in the PP1131 group did not have an infection at day 0, giving an efficacy population of 25 patients (PP1131 n=12, standard of care n=13). The trial was stopped on Jan 2, 2017, because of the insufficient efficacy of PP1131. The primary endpoint was reached in a median of 144 h (95% CI 48-not reached) in the PP1131 group versus a median of 47 h (23-122) in the standard of care group (hazard ratio 0.29, 95% CI 0.10-0.79; p=0.018). In the PP1131 group, six (50%) of 12 analysable participants had a maximal bacterial burden versus two (15%) of 13 in the standard of care group. PP1131 titre decreased after manufacturing and participants were given a lower concentration of phages than expected (1 x 102 PFU/mL per daily dose). In the PP1131 group, three (23%) of 13 analysable participants had adverse events versus seven (54%) of 13 in the standard of care group. One participant in each group died after follow-up and the deaths were determined to not be related to treatment. The ancillary study showed that the bacteria isolated from patients with failed PP1131 treatment were resistant to low phage doses., INTERPRETATION: At very low concentrations, PP1131 decreased bacterial burden in burn wounds at a slower pace than standard of care. Further studies using increased phage concentrations and phagograms in a larger sample of participants are warranted., FUNDING: European Commission: Framework Programme 7. Copyright © 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effects of protein quantity and type on diet induced thermogenesis in overweight adults: A randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Protein content of a meal is hypothesized to drive DIT dose-dependently. However, no single meal study exists comparing two different doses of protein on DIT. In addition, the source of protein, particularly whey protein, was shown to have a higher DIT than casein and soy in the acute setting, however the mechanism behind this difference is not yet clear. The aim of the present work is therefore to evaluate the efficacy of two different doses and types of protein (whey protein and casein) on DIT in overweight adults., METHODS: Randomized, double blind crossover including seventeen overweight men and women assigned to four isocaloric study treatments where protein and carbohydrate were exchanged: control, 30 g of whey protein microgels (WPM30), 50 g WPM (WPM50) or 50 g micellar casein (MC50). Energy expenditure was measured by indirect calorimetry. Blood, breath and urine samples were collected in order to measure substrate oxidation, amino acid profile, glucose and insulin, protein turnover and other metabolic parameters., RESULTS: DIT was 6.7 +/- 3.7%, 13.0 +/- 5.0%, 18.0 +/- 5.0% and 16.0 +/- 5.0% for control, WPM30, WPM50 and MC50, respectively. There was a significant difference between WPM50 and WPM30 (p < 0.005) and a trend was observed between WPM50 and MC50 (p = 0.06). WPM50 resulted in the highest total, essential, and branched-chain plasma amino acid concentrations when compared with the other study treatments (p < 0.005) and a higher insulin concentration than MC50 (p < 0.005). Protein oxidation was higher for WPM50 than MC50. Protein turnover was significantly correlated with DIT through total leucine oxidation (r = 0.52, p = 0.005)., CONCLUSIONS: Our findings show that DIT does increase at a dose beyond 30 g of WPM and that the type of dairy protein may have an effect on DIT with WPM tending towards a higher DIT than casein. Although further research is required to understand the mechanism behind the effect of different protein sources on thermogenesis, we suggest that amongst the components of protein turnover, protein oxidation may be an important driver of thermogenesis at doses higher than 30 g. These results have concrete implications when choosing a dose of protein to optimize its thermogenic effect., CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRY NUMBER: NCT02303080 www.clinicaltrials.gov. Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Impact of colonic fermentation on sterols after the intake of a plant sterol-enriched beverage: A randomized, double-blind crossover trial.; BACKGROUND: Cholesterol microbial transformation has been widely studied using in vitro fermentation assays, but less information is available on the biotransformation of plant sterols (PS). The excretion percentage of animal sterols (AS) (67-73%) is considerably greater than that of PS (27-33%) in feces from healthy humans following a Western diet. However, a lower content of AS in feces from subjects following a vegetarian, vegan or low-fat animal diet has been seen when compared to omnivorous subjects. Although only one human study has reported fecal sterol excretion after the consumption of PS-enriched food (8.6 g PS/day), it was found that the target group showed an increase in the excretion of cholesterol and a 57% decrease in its metabolites compared to the control group., OBJECTIVE: Evaluation of the impact of a PS-enriched milk based fruit beverage intake on fecal sterol excretion and the microbial conversion of sterols in postmenopausal women with mild hypercholesterolemia., METHODS: Forty postmenopausal women participated in a randomized, double-blind, crossover study with two beverages, with a PS-enriched (2 g PS/day) or without. The women were divided in two groups: 20 women consumed the PS-enriched beverage and the other 20 women consumed a placebo (without PS) beverage for 6 weeks. After a four-week washout period, the type of beverage was exchanged and consumed for another 6 weeks. Feces were collected at the start (0 and 10 weeks) and end of each intervention period (6 and 16 weeks), and fecal sterols were determined by capillary gas chromatography with mass spectrometry., RESULTS: The intake of the PS-enriched beverage modified the fecal sterol excretion profile. A significant increase mainly in PS and their metabolites versus the placebo intervention period was observed. Although the same effect was not observed in the case of AS, a tendency towards increased cholesterol and decreased coprostanol (the main metabolite of cholesterol) was recorded after PS-enriched beverage intake versus placebo. Furthermore, the PS-enriched beverage also modified the microbial conversion of sterols. In this context, an important decrease in the conversion percentage of cholesterol in 16 women (between 11% and 50%) and of sitosterol in 24 women (between 15% and 61%) was observed., CONCLUSIONS: The results obtained suggest that the microbiota could preferably use PS as a substrate, when present in a greater proportion compared with cholesterol. Besides, a lower sitosterol and cholesterol conversion trend would mean that intake of the PS-enriched beverage could modulate the metabolic activity of the gut microbiota. Therefore, further studies on the impact of PS-enriched foods upon gut microbiota modulation are needed. Clinical Trial Registry Number: NCT02065024 listed on the NIH website: ClinicalTrials.gov. Clinical Trial Registry Name: Food Matrix and Genetic Variability as Determinants of Bioavailability and Biological Effects of Beta-cryptoxanthin and Phytosterols (foodmagenpol). The full trial protocol is available upon request to the corresponding author. Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Effects of Probiotic Yogurt on Serum Omentin-1, Adropin, and Nesfatin-1 Concentrations in Overweight and Obese Participants Under Low-Calorie Diet.; Data on the effects of probiotics on adipokines such as omentin-1, nesfatin-1, and adropin are limited. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of probiotic yogurt along with a low-calorie diet (LCD) on serum omentin-1, adropin, and nesfatin-1 concentrations in obese and overweight individuals. Sixty obese or overweight individuals aged 20-50 years old were involved in this randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial. Participants were randomly allocated into two groups to consume either probiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5, Bifidobacterium BB12, and Lactobacillus casei DN001 (108 CFU/g each) (n = 30) or regular yogurt (n = 30) along with a LCD in both groups for 8 weeks. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after the 8-week intervention to determine related variables. A significant decrease in body fat percentage was observed in the probiotic group compared with the regular group after 8 weeks (- 1.51 +/- 069 vs - 0.88 +/- 0.68%, P = 0.002). After the 8-week intervention, a significant difference in serum adropin concentration (6.04 +/- 24.46 vs - 8.16 +/- 24.66 pg/ml, P = 0.03 and serum omentin-1 concentration (0.09 +/- 1.51 vs - 1.5 +/- 1.8 ng/ml, P = 0.003) was observed between two groups. We did not observe any significant changes in nesfatin-1 and other anthropometric measures. Overall, probiotic yogurt for 8 weeks among overweight or obese individuals along with LCD had beneficial effects on body fat percentage, serum omentin-1, and adropin concentration, but it did not have any effect on nesfatin-1 level.
Local interventions for actinic keratosis in organ transplant recipients: a systematic review.; BACKGROUND: Actinic keratosis (AK) in organ transplant recipients (OTRs) has a high risk of progressing to invasive squamous cell carcinoma of the skin. Thus, early and consequent treatment of AKs is warranted in OTRs., OBJECTIVES: To summarize the current evidence for nonsystemic treatments of AKs in OTRs., METHODS: We performed a systematic literature search in MEDLINE, Embase and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) and hand-searched pertinent trial registers up to 22 August 2018. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating nonsystemic interventions for AKs in OTRs were included. The risk of bias was estimated using the Cochrane Risk of Bias Tool., RESULTS: Of 663 records initially identified, eight RCTs with 242 OTRs were included in a qualitative synthesis. Most studies evaluated methyl aminolaevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL-PDT), followed by ablative fractional laser (AFXL) and diclofenac sodium 3% in hyaluronic acid, imiquimod 5% cream and 5-fluorouracil 5% cream (5-FU). MAL-PDT showed the highest rates of participant complete clearance (40-76.4%), followed by imiquimod (27.5-62.1%), diclofenac (41%) and 5-FU (11%). Similar results were observed for lesion-specific clearance rates. Treatment with AFXL alone revealed low lesion clearance (5-31%). Local skin reactions were most intense in participants treated with a combination of AFXL and daylight MAL-PDT. There were no therapy-related transplant rejections or worsening of graft function in any trial. The overall risk of bias was high., CONCLUSIONS: Limited evidence is available for the treatment of AKs in OTRs. MAL-PDT is currently the best-studied intervention. Lesion-specific regimens may not be sufficient to achieve disease control. Field-directed regimens are preferable in this high-risk population. Copyright © 2018 British Association of Dermatologists.
Higher vegetable protein consumption, assessed by an isoenergetic macronutrient exchange model, is associated with a lower presence of overweight and obesity in the web-based Food4me European study.; The objective was to evaluate differences in macronutrient intake and to investigate the possible association between consumption of vegetable protein and the risk of overweight/obesity, within the Food4Me randomised, online intervention. Differences in macronutrient consumption among the participating countries grouped by EU Regions (Western Europe, British Isles, Eastern Europe and Southern Europe) were assessed. Relation of protein intake, within isoenergetic exchange patterns, from vegetable or animal sources with risk of overweight/obesity was assessed through the multivariate nutrient density model and a multivariate-adjusted logistic regression. A total of 2413 subjects who completed the Food4Me screening were included, with self-reported data on age, weight, height, physical activity and dietary intake. As success rates on reducing overweight/obesity are very low, form a public health perspective, the elaboration of policies for increasing intakes of vegetable protein and reducing animal protein and sugars, may be a method of combating overweight/obesity at a population level.
Effect of Soy Milk on Metabolic Status of Patients with Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A Randomized Clinical Trial.; OBJECTIVE: Studies in experimental models of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) have reported positive effects of soy components in improving metabolic parameters. Whether such effects could be achieved through consumption of whole soy foods in patients with NAFLD is still unclear. Therefore, this trial was conducted to assess the effects of soy milk on metabolic parameters of patients with NAFLD., METHODS: This parallel randomized clinical trial was conducted on 70 patients with NAFLD. Patients in the soy milk group consumed 240 ml of soy milk daily as a part of low-calorie diet (i.e., 500-deficit calorie diet) for 8 weeks. Patients in the control group just followed the low-calorie diet. Grade of fatty liver, liver enzymes, lipid profile, serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), and anthropometric indices were measured at baseline and the end of the trial., RESULTS: At the end of the trial, the soy milk group had significantly higher reduction in serum alanine aminotransferase (ALT) (-12.06 +/- 17.61 IU/L in the soy milk group versus -5 +/- 8.58 IU/L in the control group, p = 0.04) and hs-CRP (-1.32 +/- 1.60 mg/L in the soy milk group versus -0.36 +/- 1.54 mg/L in the control group, p = 0.01) compared to the control group. However, changes in fatty liver grade and other liver enzymes, including aspartate aminotransferase, alkaline phosphatase, and gamma-glutamyl transferase, as well as lipid profile and anthropometric indices were not significantly different between the treatment groups., CONCLUSION: Consumption of soy milk in the context of a restricted-calorie diet for 8 weeks had favorable effects on serum ALT and hs-CRP in patients with NAFLD.
A randomized, intraindividual, non-inferiority, Phase III study comparing daylight photodynamic therapy with BF-200 ALA gel and MAL cream for the treatment of actinic keratosis.; BACKGROUND: The most effective treatment modality for actinic keratosis (AK) is photodynamic therapy (PDT). Major obstacles of PDT are the need of a special illumination device and pain accompanying the illumination. These issues may be overcome by replacing an artificial high-power light source with natural daylight for more extended illumination at lower light doses., OBJECTIVE: To determine whether BF-200 ALA (a nanoemulsion gel containing 7.8% 5-aminolaevulinic acid) is non-inferior to MAL (a cream containing 16% methyl-aminolaevulinate) in the treatment of mild-to-moderate AK with daylight PDT (dPDT). Non-inferiority of the primary efficacy variable (total lesion clearance rate per patient's side 12 weeks after PDT) is established if the mean response for BF-200 ALA is no worse than for MAL, within a statistical margin of DELTA = -12.5%., METHODS: The study was performed as an intraindividual comparison with 52 patients in seven centres in Germany and Spain. Each patient received one dPDT. Results include clinical endpoints as well as 1-year follow-up results., RESULTS: Twelve weeks after a single dPDT, 79.8% of the AK lesions treated with BF-200 ALA gel and 76.5% of the lesions treated with MAL cream were completely cleared. The median of differences was 0.0 with a one-sided 97.5% CI of 0.0, establishing non-inferiority (P < 0.0001). Results for secondary efficacy parameters were in line with the primary outcome. Recurrence rates 1 year after the treatment were 19.9% for lesions treated with BF-200 ALA and 31.6% for lesions treated with MAL. Adverse reactions including pain were mostly mild and transient and identical to those previously described for dPDT., CONCLUSION: Daylight PDT of AK with BF-200 ALA is well-tolerated and non-inferior to MAL/dPDT. The study demonstrates a trend towards higher efficacies after 3 months and significantly lower recurrence rates after 1 year follow-up. Copyright © 2018 The Authors. Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Impact of breast milk intake on body composition at term in very preterm babies: secondary analysis of the Nutritional Evaluation and Optimisation in Neonates randomised controlled trial.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the impact of breast milk (BM) intake on body composition at term in very preterm infants., DESIGN: Preplanned secondary analysis of the Nutritional Evaluation and Optimisation in Neonates Study, a 2-by-2 factorial randomised controlled trial of preterm parenteral nutrition (PN)., SETTING: Four National Health Service hospitals in London and South-East England., PATIENTS: Infants born at <31 weeks of gestation; infants with life-threatening congenital abnormalities and those unable to receive trial PN within 24 hours of birth were ineligible. 133 infants survived and underwent whole-body MRI at term (37-44 weeks postmenstrual age)., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Non-adipose tissue mass (non-ATM), ATM and ATM as a percentage of body weight (% ATM) at term., RESULTS: Compared with the exclusively BM group (proportion of BM=100% milk, n=56), predominantly formula-fed infants (BM <=50%, n=38) weighed 283.6 g (95% CI 121.6 to 445.6) more, had 257.4 g (139.1-375.7) more non-ATM and a greater positive weight Z-score change between birth and term. There were no significant differences in weight, non-ATM and weight Z-score change between the exclusively and predominantly BM (BM 51%-99%, n=39) groups. Compared with the exclusively BM group no significant differences were observed in ATM and %ATM in the predominantly BM and predominantly formula-fed groups., CONCLUSIONS: The slower weight gain of preterm infants fed BM appears to be due to a deficit in non-ATM and may reflect lower protein intake. Whether this pattern persists into childhood, is altered by BM fortification or later diet, or relates to functional outcomes, are important research questions., CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ISRCTN29665319, post results. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2019. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.
Association of dairy intake with weight change in adolescents undergoing obesity treatment.; BACKGROUND: The role of dairy products in obesity treatment for adolescents is unclear. The study purpose was to assess the association between dairy intake and changes in BMI z-score (zBMI) during adolescent obesity treatment., METHODS: Observational study nested within a randomized control trial. Linear mixed-effects regression models were adjusted for important non-lifestyle factors then further adjusted for dietary and physical activity variables. In total, 91 adolescents were studied., RESULTS: Each serving of total dairy (beta = -0.0054, P < 0.01), unflavored milk (beta = -0.012, P < 0.01), reduced fat (beta = -0.0078, P < 0.05), and low fat/fat-free products (beta = -0.0149, P < 0.01) was associated with a decrease in zBMI over 12 months. These associations were no longer significant after adjustment for other dietary and physical activity factors. Sugar-sweetened beverage intake was inversely associated with intake of total dairy (beta = -0.186, P = 0.001), unflavored milk (beta = -0.115, P = 0.003) and low fat/fat-free dairy (beta = -0.125, P = 0.001)., CONCLUSIONS: Intakes of total dairy, unflavored milk, reduced fat dairy and low fat/fat-free dairy products are associated with improved obesity treatment outcomes among adolescents. This could be due to co-occurring healthy lifestyle behaviors or to replacement of other food and beverages associated with obesity, such as sugar-sweetened beverages, by dairy products. Copyright © The Author(s) 2018. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of Faculty of Public Health. All rights reserved. For permissions, please e-mail: journals.permissions@oup.com.
A pre-meal of whey proteins induces differential effects on glucose and lipid metabolism in subjects with the metabolic syndrome: a randomised cross-over trial.; PURPOSE: Postprandial lipaemia (PPL), an independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease, is affected by composition and timing of meals. We evaluated if whey proteins (WP) consumed as a pre-meal before a fat-rich meal reduce postprandial triglyceride (TG) and apolipoprotein B-48 (ApoB-48) responses in subjects with the metabolic syndrome (MeS)., METHODS: An acute, randomised, cross-over trial was conducted. 20 subjects with MeS consumed a pre-meal of 0, 10 or 20 g WP 15 min prior to a fat-rich meal. The responses of TG and ApoB-48 were assessed. We also analysed postprandial responses of free fatty acids (FFA), glucose, insulin, glucagon, glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1), glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide (GIP) and paracetamol (reflecting gastric emptying rates)., RESULTS: WP pre-meal did not alter the TG or ApoB-48 responses. In contrast, the insulin response was more pronounced after a pre-meal of 20 g WP than with 10 g WP (P = 0.0005) and placebo (P < 0.0001). Likewise, the postprandial glucagon response was greater with a pre-meal of 20 g WP than with 10 g WP (P < 0.0001) and 0 g WP (P < 0.0001). A pre-meal with 20 g of WP generated lower glucose (P = 0.0148) and S-paracetamol responses (P = 0.0003) and a higher GLP-1 response (P = 0.0086) than placebo. However, the pre-meal did not influence responses of GIP, FFA or appetite assessed by a Visual Analog Scale., CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of a WP pre-meal prior to a fat-rich meal did not affect TG and chylomicron responses. In contrast, the WP pre-meal stimulates insulin and glucagon secretion and reduces blood glucose as expected, and delays gastric emptying. Consequently, our study points to a differential impact of a WP pre-meal on lipid and glucose metabolism to a fat-rich meal in subjects with MeS.
Does fortification of pasteurized donor human milk increase the incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis among preterm neonates? A randomized controlled trial.; Objective: To compare the effect of fortified pasteurized donor human milk (PDHM) versus unfortified PDHM on the incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) and immediate outcome among preterm neonates. Methods: This randomized controlled trial (RCT) conducted in a tertiary care teaching hospital, south India included 80 healthy preterm neonates randomized to two groups (Group A and B). Neonates in Group A and B were fed with fortified PDHM and unfortified PDHM, respectively. Neonates in both groups were managed uniformly as per standard NICU protocol. The primary outcome was the incidence of NEC and the secondary outcomes included severity of NEC, incidence of sepsis, mortality, duration of hospital stay, number of days to reach full enteral feeds and weight gain. Neonates were followed up for 28 days or discharge whichever was earlier. Results: The baseline maternal and neonatal characteristics in both groups were comparable. There was no increase in incidence of NEC in fortified PDHM group compared to unfortified PDHM group (2.5 versus 7.5%, p = .31). Severity of NEC, incidence of sepsis, mortality, duration of hospital stay, number of days to reach full enteral feeds and weight gain were also similar in both groups. Conclusions: Standard fortification of PDHM does not increase the incidence of NEC among preterm neonates.
Geographic and socioeconomic diversity of food and nutrient intakes: a comparison of four European countries.; PURPOSE: Public health policies and actions increasingly acknowledge the climate burden of food consumption. The aim of this study is to describe dietary intakes across four European countries, as baseline for further research towards healthier and environmentally-friendlier diets for Europe., METHODS: Individual-level dietary intake data in adults were obtained from nationally-representative surveys from Denmark and France using a 7-day diet record, Italy using a 3-day diet record, and Czech Republic using two replicates of a 24-h recall. Energy-standardised food and nutrient intakes were calculated for each subject from the mean of two randomly selected days., RESULTS: There was clear geographical variability, with a between-country range for mean fruit intake from 118 to 199 g/day, for vegetables from 95 to 239 g/day, for fish from 12 to 45 g/day, for dairy from 129 to 302 g/day, for sweet beverages from 48 to 224 ml/day, and for alcohol from 8 to 15 g/day, with higher intakes in Italy for fruit, vegetables and fish, and in Denmark for dairy, sweet beverages and alcohol. In all countries, intakes were low for legumes (< 20 g/day), and nuts and seeds (< 5 g/day), but high for red and processed meat (> 80 g/day). Within countries, food intakes also varied by socio-economic factors such as age, gender, and educational level, but less pronounced by anthropometric factors such as overweight status. For nutrients, intakes were low for dietary fibre (15.8-19.4 g/day) and vitamin D (2.4-3.0 microg/day) in all countries, for potassium (2288-2938 mg/day) and magnesium (268-285 mg/day) except in Denmark, for vitamin E in Denmark (6.7 mg/day), and for folate in Czech Republic (212 microg/day)., CONCLUSIONS: There is considerable variation in food and nutrient intakes across Europe, not only between, but also within countries. Individual-level dietary data provide insight into the heterogeneity of dietary habits beyond per capita food supply data, and this is crucial to balancing healthy and environmentally-friendly diets for European citizens.
An Open-label Randomized Controlled Trial to Compare Weight Gain of Very Low Birth Weight Babies with or without Addition of Coconut Oil to Breast Milk.; Background: Nutritional guidelines involving the feeding of very low birth weight babies (VLBW) recommend addition of Human Milk Fortifiers to breast milk. Owing to financial constraints, it is a practice in low- and middle-income countries (LMIC) to add coconut oil to aid better weight gain. There are inadequate data on improvement of growth parameters with oral coconut oil supplementation of breast milk., Methods: In this randomized controlled trial, we measured growth parameters and body composition of 60 babies who received either breast milk with coconut oil or breast milk alone. Randomization was stratified according to intrauterine growth appropriate for gestational age (n = 30) and small for gestational age (n = 30)., Results: There was no difference in weight gain between the two groups. The weight gain velocity was 15 +/- 3.6 and 14.4 +/- 3.4 g/kg/day (p value = 0.49) in the breast milk alone and in the breast milk with coconut oil group, respectively. There was no difference in increase in head circumference and length. Triceps skinfold thickness (n = 56) was similar in both groups, but subscapular skinfold thickness was significantly more in the coconut oil group. Total body fat percentage did not differ between the groups (25.2 +/- 4.3 vs. 25.5 +/- 4.3%, p = 0.79)., Conclusion: Oral supplementation of coconut oil along with breast milk did not increase growth parameters or result in change in body composition in very low birth weight (VLBW) babies.
Effects of ewe's milk yogurt (whole and semi-skimmed) and cow's milk yogurt on inflammation markers and gut microbiota of subjects with borderline-high plasma cholesterol levels: a crossover study.; PURPOSE: Ewe's milk yogurt is richer in proteins, minerals and short- and medium-chain fatty acids compared to cow's milk yogurt. We aimed to evaluate the effects of cow's milk yogurt (CW, 3.0% fat), semi-skimmed (ES, 2.8% fat) and whole ewe's milk yogurts (EW, 5.8% fat) on inflammatory markers and gut microbiota in subjects with borderline-high plasma cholesterol., METHODOLOGY: 30 adults (16 women) were randomized into a crossover study to consume 250 g/yogurt/day during three 5-week periods (4-week washouts). Plasma insulin, leptin, adhesion molecules, cytokines and gut microbiota composition (qPCR) were analysed. Rates of change were used to assess treatment effects both in the whole group and in subgroups of subjects with different cholesterol/HDL-c ratio (Cho-I group A: the top 6 women and 4 men values; Cho-I group B: remaining subjects)., RESULTS: The yogurts showed no different effects on the inflammatory biomarkers or the microbiota of the whole group. However, ICAM-1 and P-selectin rates of change were lower after EW compared to CW and ES, respectively, in subjects of the Cho-I group A (P = 0.047 and P = 0.020). Women of this group showed lower MCP-1 rates of change after EW compared to ES and CW (P = 0.028, both). Blautia coccoides-Eubacterium rectale decreased in women of the Cho-I group A during EW vs. ES (P = 0.028)., CONCLUSION: Ewe's yogurt effects on inflammatory markers and microbiota were not different from those after cow's yogurt, but the attenuation of some inflammatory biomarkers with ewe's whole-milk yogurt in subjects with the highest TC/HDL-c deserves further study.
Effects of a casein hydrolysate versus intact casein on gastric emptying and amino acid responses.; PURPOSE: Milk proteins and/or their hydrolysates have been reported to have beneficial effects for improving postprandial glycaemia. Gastric emptying is a major determinant of postprandial glycaemia, yet limited studies have examined the effects of intact milk proteins compared to hydrolysates on gastric emptying. We investigated gastric emptying of a casein hydrolysate compared to intact casein., METHODS: Nine overweight and obese adults (mean +/- SD age: 59.5 +/- 6.5 years and BMI 28.4 +/- 2.6 kg/m2) were studied in a randomised crossover design. Gastric emptying was assessed by paracetamol absorption test, with HPLC-MS being used for determining paracetamol and its primary metabolites in plasma. Glucose, insulin and amino acid responses were also assessed., RESULTS: Linear mixed model analysis showed no effect of treatment [F(1, 55) = 2.1, P = 0.16] or treatment x time interactions [F(6, 54) = 1.5, P = 0.21] for paracetamol concentrations. In addition, there were no significant differences between the intact casein and hydrolysate for any of the gastric emptying outcome measures (Cmax, AUC0-30min, AUC0-60min; AUC0-240min). However, insulin was increased in the early postprandial period (iAUC0-15min, iAUC0-30min;P < 0.05) and there was a treatment effect for glucose [F(1, 53) = 5.3, P = 0.03] following the casein hydrolysate compared to intact casein. No significant differences in amino acids were found between the two conditions., CONCLUSIONS: Gastric emptying of a casein hydrolysate compared to intact casein does not differ. Mechanisms other than gastric emptying, for example the presence of a bioactive peptide sequence, may contribute to the glycaemic management effects of certain milk protein hydrolysates and warrant further investigation.
Probiotic Soy Milk Consumption and Renal Function Among Type 2 Diabetic Patients with Nephropathy: a Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial.; Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is one the most important complications of diabetes leading to end-stage renal disease. Dietary approaches have been considered to control of the kidney function deterioration among these patients. The aim of the present study was to determine the effects of fortified soy milk with Lactobacillus plantarum A7 on renal function biomarkers in type 2 DN patients. Forty-eight DN subjects were attended to this parallel randomized trial study. Participants were randomly assigned to consume a diet containing 200 mL/day probiotic soy milk in intervention group or soy milk in the control condition for 8 weeks. An inflammatory adipokine-Progranulin (PGRN), a cytokine receptor-soluble tumor necrosis factor receptor 1 (sTNFR1), and serum levels of Neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL) and cystatin C (Cys-C) as the new renal function biomarkers were measured after 8 weeks of intervention according to the standard protocol. Our analysis showed that consumption of probiotic soy milk resulted in a significant reduction in the Cys-C and PGRN levels compared with the soy milk (P = 0.01) in the final adjusted model. In addition, after adjustment for age, weight, and energy intake, a marginally significant in the NGAL level was seen between two groups (P = 0.05). However, there was no significant differences on the sTNFR1concenteration between two groups (P = 0.06). Overall, intake of probiotic soy milk may have a beneficial effect on the renal function in patients with DN.
Impact of the community healthcare plan and the free maternity services programme on maternal and child healthcare utilisation in rural Kenya: a dairy farmer population-based study.; BACKGROUND: Access to and utilisation of quality maternal and child healthcare services is generally recognized as the best way to reduce maternal and child mortality., OBJECTIVES: We evaluated whether the introduction of a voluntary family health insurance programme, combined with quality improvement of healthcare facilities [The Community Health Plan (TCHP)], and the introduction of free access to delivery services in all public facilities [Free Maternity Services programme (FMS)] increased antenatal care utilisation and use of facility deliveries among pregnant women in rural Kenya., METHODS: TCHP was introduced in 2011, whilst the FMS programme was launched in 2013. To measure the impact of TCHP, percentage points (PP) changes in antenatal care utilisation and facility deliveries from the pre-TCHP to the post-TCHP period between the TCHP programme area and a control area were compared in multivariable difference-in-differences analysis. To measure the impact of the FMS programme, PP changes in antenatal care utilisation and facility deliveries from the pre-FMS to the post-FMS period in the pooled TCHP programme and control areas was assessed in multivariable logistic regression analysis. Data was collected through household surveys in 2011 and 2104. Households (n=549) were randomly selected from the member lists of 2 dairy companies, and all full-term pregnancies in the 3.5 years preceding the baseline and follow-up survey among women aged 15-49 at the time of pregnancy were eligible for this study (n=295)., RESULTS: Because only 4.1% of eligible women were insured through TCHP during pregnancy, any increase in utilisation attributable to the TCHP programme could only have come about as a result of the quality improvements in TCHP facilities. Antenatal care utilisation significantly increased after TCHP was introduced (14.4 PP; 95% CI: 4.5-24.3; P=0.004), whereas no effect was observed of the programme on facility deliveries (8.8 PP; 95% CI: -14.1 to +31.7; P=0.450). Facility deliveries significantly increased after the introduction of the FMS programme (27.9 PP; 95% CI: 11.8-44.1; P=0.001), but antenatal care utilisation did not change significantly (4.0 PP; 95% CI: -0.6 to +8.5; P=0.088)., CONCLUSION: Access to the FMS programme increased facility deliveries substantially and may contribute to improved maternal and new-born health and survival if the quality of delivery services is sustained or further improved. Despite low up-take, TCHP had a positive effect on antenatal care utilisation among uninsured women by improving the quality of existing healthcare facilities. An alignment of the two programmes could potentially lead to optimal results., FUNDING: The study was funded by the Health Insurance Fund (http://www.hifund.org/), through a grant from the Dutch Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Copyright © 2019 Brals et al.
The effects of enteral artificial amniotic fluid-containing erythropoietin on short term outcomes of preterm infants.; Hosseini M, Azampour H, Raeisi S, Behtari M, Valizadeh H, Saboohi R. The effects of enteral artificial amniotic fluid-containing erythropoietin on short term outcomes of preterm infants. Turk J Pediatr 2019; 61: 392-398. Necrotizing Enterocolitis (NEC) is a common devastating gastrointestinal disease, which usually develops in premature infants. Erythropoietin (EPO) as a hematopoietic hormone produced by the kidney can also be naturally found in amniotic fluid and breast milk. There is some evidence that supports the contribution of EPO in the prevention of inflammation and intestinal tissue repair. This study was aimed to determine if oral administration of artificial amniotic fluid with or without EPO would protect preterm infants against NEC and improve the certain neonatal outcomes. In this study, 150 preterm infants with gestational age 28 weeks or less and birth weight 1250 grams or less were enrolled. The infants were divided randomly into 3 groups: 1) Control group (n=50) with routine feeding protocol without any administration; 2) Amniotic fluid group (n=50) with 5mL/kg synthetic amniotic fluid; 3) EPO group (n=50) with RhuEPO dissolved in the synthetic amniotic fluid. The administrations of the study solution were started 3 days after the birth and were continued for 3 weeks (21 days). The infants in the study groups were followed up until discharge and the frequency of NEC, mortality, and other complications of the disease among the groups were compared. The mortality rate in preterm infants of the amniotic fluid and EPO groups were significantly lower than in the control group (p=0.027). We couldn`t find any significant differences in the frequency of NEC and other complications among the three study groups. The administration of synthetic amniotic fluid (with or without EPO) in preterm infants may decrease the mortality rate. Use of EPO in synthetic amniotic fluid did not affect the frequency of NEC.
The Combination of Whey Protein and Dietary Fiber Does Not Alter Low-Grade Inflammation or Adipose Tissue Gene Expression in Adults with Abdominal Obesity.; BACKGROUND: Abdominal obesity is characterized by low-grade inflammation and plays a central role in the development of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Dietary factors can influence low-grade inflammation and affect adipose tissue function., AIM: To investigate the separate and combined effects of whey protein and cereal fiber on inflammatory markers and adipose tissue gene expression in abdominal obesity., METHODS: We performed a 12-week, double-blind, randomized controlled dietary intervention in 65 adults with abdominal obesity. The participants were randomized to 4 groups using a 2 x 2 factorial design; they received either 60 g/day of whey protein or maltodextrin in combination with high-fiber wheat bran products (30 g fiber/day) or low-fiber refined wheat products (10 g fiber/day). Plasma concentrations of tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), interleukin 1 receptor antagonist (IL-1Ra), and adiponectin were measured before and after intervention. Changes in gene expression related to inflammation, insulin signaling, and lipid metabolism were measured in abdominal subcutaneous adipose tissue., RESULTS: After intervention, TNF-alpha was reduced for both high-fiber groups compared with baseline, but did not significantly differ from the low-fiber groups. There were no differences in fasting or postprandial inflammatory markers between the groups. The relative gene expression of ribosomal protein S6 kinase B1 (S6K1) was increased after whey protein compared with maltodextrin consumption., CONCLUSION: Intake of whey protein in combination with high cereal fiber content did not differentially affect low-grade inflammation or adipose tissue gene expression compared with maltodextrin and low fiber content in individuals with abdominal obesity.
Longitudinal association of changes in diet with changes in body weight and waist circumference in subjects at high cardiovascular risk: the PREDIMED trial.; BACKGROUND: Consumption of certain foods is associated with long-term weight gains and abdominal fat accumulation in healthy, middle-aged and young, non-obese participants. Whether the same foods might be associated with changes in adiposity in elderly population at high cardiovascular risk is less known., OBJECTIVE: Using yearly repeated measurements of both food habits and adiposity parameters, we aimed to investigate how changes in the consumption of specific foods were associated with concurrent changes in weight or waist circumference (WC) in the PREDIMED trial., DESIGN: We followed-up 7009 participants aged 55-70 years at high cardiovascular risk for a median time of 4.8 years. A validated 137-item semi-quantitative Food Frequency Questionnaire was used for dietary assessment with yearly repeated measurements. We longitudinally assessed associations between yearly changes in food consumption (serving/d) and concurrent changes in weight (kg) or WC (cm)., RESULTS: Yearly increments in weight were observed with increased consumption (kg per each additional increase in 1 serving/d) for refined grains (0.32 kg/serving/d), red meat (0.24), potatoes (0.23), alcoholic beverages (0.18), processed meat (0.15), white bread (0.07) and sweets (0.04); whereas inverse associations were detected for increased consumption of low-fat yogurt (- 0.18), and low-fat milk (- 0.06). Annual WC gain (cm per each additional increase in 1 serving/d) occurred with increased consumption of snacks, fast-foods and pre-prepared dishes (0.28), processed meat (0.18), alcoholic beverages (0.13), and sweets (0.08); whereas increased consumption of vegetables (- 0.23), and nuts (- 0.17), were associated with reductions in WC., CONCLUSIONS: In this assessment conducted in high-risk subjects using yearly repeated measurements of food habits and adiposity, some ultra-processed foods, refined carbohydrates (including white bread), potatoes, red meats and alcohol were associated with higher weight and WC gain, whereas increases in consumption of low-fat dairy products and plant foods were associated with less gain in weight and WC., TRIAL REGISTRATION: This study was registered at controlled-trials.com with International Standard Randomized Controlled Trial Number (ISRCTN): 35739639. Registration date: 5 October 2005.
Is Donated Breast Milk Better Than Formula for Feeding Very Low Birth Weight Infants? A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; BACKGROUND: The role of donated breast milk and formula feeding in very low birth weight infants (VLBWIs) remains unclear., OBJECTIVE: The objective for this study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of breast milk and formula for feeding VLBWIs., METHODS: A comprehensive search of PubMed databases was conducted on November 30, 2018, to identify related randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Pooled odds ratio (OR) and mean differences (MD) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) were calculated using either a fixed or random-effects model., RESULTS: Seven RCTs with a total of 876 infants were included. The formula showed more advantages in increasing infant weight (MD = -6.58, 95% CI: -11.19 to -1.98) and length (MD = -0.30, 95% CI: -0.41 to -0.20) than donated breast milk, but formula could also significantly increase the risks of necrotizing enterocolitis (OR = 0.33, 95% CI: 0.18 to 0.59) and length of hospital stay (MD = -3.78, 95% CI: -6.84 to -0.72) when compared with donated breast milk. No significant differences on the head circumference gain (MD = -0.16, 95% CI: -0.33 to 0.01), sepsis (OR = 1.21, 95% CI: 0.84 to 1.75), retinopathy of prematurity (OR = 1.22, 95% CI: 0.73 to 2.05) and mortality (OR = 0.84, 95% CI: 0.47 to 1.52) were found., LINKING EVIDENCE TO ACTION: The donated breast milk shows more advantages in reducing the incidence of NEC and length of hospital stay, but also more disadvantages in increasing the weight and length of VLBWIs and ELBWIs when compared with preterm formula feeding. Currently, there is no solid evidence demonstrating a significant advantage of donated breast milk over formula in the feeding of VLBWIs. Larger-scale RCTs with rigorous designs are needed to elucidate the feeding plans of VLBWIs. Copyright © 2019 The Authors. Worldviews on Evidence-based Nursing published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc. on behalf of Sigma Theta Tau International.
Local dermal application of a compound lidocaine cream in pain management of cancer wounds.; The aim of this study was to explore the analgesic effect of local application of compound lidocaine/prilocaine cream on cancer wounds during wound care in order to reduce the amount of morphine intake or completely replace the systemic morphine administration and optimize the protocol for cancer wound pain management. All patients were enrolled with a visual analog scale (VAS) pain score >=4. Before wound care, 60 patients were randomly divided into 2 groups of 30 each: morphine group (10 mg tablet); topical 5% compound lidocaine cream group (0.2 g/cm2). VAS scores, heart rate, and Kolcaba comfort level were recorded for the two groups 10 min before and 10, 15, 20, and 25 min after wound care and data were analyzed statistically. The means for the pain score and heart rate of the topical lidocaine/prilocaine cream group were lower than those of the morphine group (P<0.01) and the Kolcaba comfort level was higher (P<0.01). Local dermal application of the compound lidocaine cream can be used as an alternative to the systemic morphine administration in cancer wound care for its safety and effectiveness. In addition, it can improve the patients' comfort and quality of life.
Human milk-derived fortifier versus bovine milk-derived fortifier for prevention of mortality and morbidity in preterm neonates.; BACKGROUND: Preterm infants who are fed breast milk in comparison to infant formula have decreased morbidity such as necrotizing enterocolitis. Multi-nutrient fortifiers used to increase the nutritional content of the breast milk are commonly derived from bovine milk. Human milk-derived multi-nutrient fortifier is now available, but it is not clear if it improves outcomes in preterm infants fed with breast milk., OBJECTIVES: To determine whether the fortification of breast milk feeds with human milk-derived fortifier in preterm infants reduces mortality, morbidity, and promotes growth and development compared to bovine milk-derived fortifier., SEARCH METHODS: We searched the following databases for relevant trials in September 2018. Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (the Cochrane Library, Issue 9), electronic journal reference databases including MEDLINE (1980 to 20 September 2018), PREMEDLINE, Embase (1974 to 20 September 2018), CINAHL (1982 to 20 September 2018), biological abstracts in the database BIOSIS and conference abstracts from 'Proceedings First' (from 1992 to 2011). We also included the following clinical trials registries for ongoing or recently completed trials: ClinicalTrials.gov (ClinicalTrials.gov), the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (WHO ICTRP; www.whoint/ictrp/search/en/) and the ISRCTN Registry (www.isrctn.com/), and abstracts of conferences: proceedings of Pediatric Academic Societies (American Pediatric Society, Society for Pediatric Research and European Society for Paediatric Research) from 1990 in the 'Pediatric Research' journal and 'Abstracts online' (2000 to 2017)., SELECTION CRITERIA: We included randomized and quasi-randomized controlled trials that compared preterm infants fed breast milk fortified with human milk-derived fortifier versus those fed with breast milk fortified with bovine milk-derived fortifier., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: The data were collected using the standard methods of Cochrane Neonatal. Two authors evaluated trial quality of the studies and extracted data. We reported dichotomous data using risk ratios (RRs), risk differences (RDs), number needed to treat (NNT) where applicable, and continuous data using mean differences (MDs). We assessed the quality of evidence using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) approach., MAIN RESULTS: One randomized trial with 127 infants met the eligibility criteria and had low risk of bias. Human milk-based fortifier did not decrease the risk of necrotizing enterocolitis in exclusively breast milk-fed preterm infants (RR 0.95, 95% CI 0.2 to 4.54; 1 study, 125 infants, low certainty of evidence). Human milk-derived fortifiers did not improve growth, decrease feeding intolerance, late-onset sepsis, or death., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: There is insufficient evidence evaluating human milk-derived fortifier with bovine milk-derived fortifier in exclusively breast milk-fed preterm infants. Low-certainty evidence from one study suggests that in exclusively breast milk-fed preterm infants human milk-derived fortifiers in comparison with bovine milk-derived fortifier may not change the risk of necrotizing enterocolitis, mortality, feeding intolerance, infection, or improve growth. Well-designed randomized controlled trials are needed to evaluate short-term and long-term outcomes. Copyright © 2019 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Sugar labeling: How numerical information of sugar content influences healthiness and tastiness expectations.; Overconsumption of highly sugary foods contributes to increases in obesity and diabetes in our population, and initiatives are issued worldwide to reduce sugar content in food products. However, it is unclear how the presentation of reduced sugar content on food packages affects taste expectations of consumers. Based on the learned knowledge about negative health effects of sugar and the common belief that unhealthy food tastes better than healthy food, consumers might conclude that lower sugar levels are associated with higher healthiness and lower tastiness. Addressing this concern, we examined how quantitative information about sugar content without any verbal description influences consumers' health and taste expectations of dairy desserts. We asked participants to indicate the expected healthiness and tastiness of randomly sampled dairy desserts, while varying systematically the quantitative sugar information provided in a label presented with the desserts (numerical sugar level in grams per 100 grams of product: low vs. original vs. high). We assumed that quantitative sugar content is not equally associated with healthiness and tastiness of products and that numerical information about sugar content informs health more than taste expectations. Therefore, we predicted that consumers expect higher healthiness, but not to the same degree lower tastiness for products with reduced sugar contented compared to products with higher sugar content. The results of the present study are in line with this hypothesis. We found that consumers expected desserts with less sugar to be healthier than desserts with higher levels of sugar. The experimentally varied sugar levels did not affect the tastiness expectations. Notably, consumers did not follow the unhealthy = tasty intuition and did not devaluate the tastiness of desserts because of heightened healthiness expectations. Our findings suggest that sole numerical information about sugar content-an important nutritional value-is more diagnostic in the construction of healthiness rather than tastiness expectations of food products.
Daily consumption of fruit-flavored yoghurt enriched with vitamins B contributes to lower energy intake and body weight reduction, in type 2 diabetic patients: a randomized clinical trial.; Yoghurt naturally contains vitamins of B-complex which play a central role in energy metabolism. This study investigates the effects of consumption of yoghurt enriched with vitamins B, in comparison with conventional yoghurt, on body weight management and glycemic control of patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM). Thirty-three overweight/obese patients (BMI 27-36 kg m-2) were randomized into two groups receiving two servings of non-fat yoghurt per day, either strawberry-flavored enriched with vitamins B1, B5 and B6 (VY) or conventional (CY) for 12 weeks. At the beginning and the end of the dietary intervention, anthropometric characteristics, biochemical parameters, glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c), interleukin-6 (IL-6) and interleukin-1b (IL-1b), vitamins B and homocysteine concentrations were determined. Dietary assessments were also performed. At the end of the intervention, body weight and BMI were reduced in the VY group (86.5 +/- 3.1 vs. 87.7 +/- 3.0 kg, and 29.2 +/- 1.0 vs. 29.6 +/- 0.9 kg m-2, respectively, P < 0.05) and dietary intake was lower compared to the CY group (7277.6 +/- 332.6 vs. 9918.2 +/- 612.1 kJ day-1, P < 0.05). HbA1c was marginally reduced in the VY group (6.2 +/- 0.2 vs. 6.4 +/- 0.3%, P = 0.08), concentrations of B1, B2 and B6 were increased (63.8 +/- 5.6 vs. 52.8 +/- 1.7 mug L-1, P = 0.09, 9.2 +/- 1.5 vs. 6.9 +/- 1.4 mug L-1, P < 0.05 and 23.0 +/- 2.8 vs. 14.9 +/- 1.2 mug L-1, P < 0.05, respectively) and a trend towards reduced homocysteine concentrations was observed (16.9 +/- 1.7 vs. 18.3 +/- 2.0 mumol L-1, P = 0.06). IL-6 was decreased in both groups but significantly in the CY group (1.33 +/- 0.13 vs. 1.67 +/- 0.63 pg mL-1, P < 0.05). Daily consumption of fruit-flavored yoghurt enriched with vitamins B facilitates body weight management and improves vitamins B status and homocysteine levels in overweight/obese T2DM patients.
Whey protein isolate supplementation improves body composition, muscle strength, and treatment tolerance in malnourished advanced cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy.; In recent years, whey proteins (WP) have attracted increasing attention in health and disease for their bioactive functions. The aim of this study was to evaluate the benefit of WP isolate (WPI) supplementation in addition to nutritional counseling in malnourished advanced cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy (CT). In a single-center, randomized, pragmatic, and parallel-group controlled trial (ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT02065726), 166 malnourished advanced cancer patients with mixed tumor entities candidate to or undergoing CT were randomly assigned to receive nutritional counseling with (N = 82) or without (N = 84) WPI supplementation (20 g/d) for 3 months. The primary endpoint was the change in phase angle (PhA). Secondary endpoints included changes in standardized PhA (SPA), fat-free mass index (FFMI), body weight, muscle strength, and CT toxicity (CTCAE 4.0 events). In patients with the primary endpoint assessed (modified intention-to-treat population), counseling plus WPI (N = 66) resulted in improved PhA compared to nutritional counseling alone (N = 69): mean difference, 0.48degree (95% CI, 0.05 to 0.90) (P = .027). WPI supplementation also resulted in improved SPA (P = .021), FFMI (P = .041), body weight (P = .023), muscle strength (P < .001), and in a reduced risk of CT toxicity (risk difference, -9.8% [95% CI, -16.9 to -2.6]; P = .009), particularly of severe (grade >= 3) events (risk difference, -30.4% [95% CI, -44.4 to -16.5]; P = .001). In malnourished advanced cancer patients undergoing CT, receiving nutritional counseling, a 3-month supplementation with WPI resulted in improved body composition, muscle strength, body weight, and reduced CT toxicity. Further trials, aimed at verifying the efficacy of this nutritional intervention on mid- and long-term primary clinical endpoints in newly diagnosed specific cancer types, are warranted. Copyright © 2019 The Authors. Cancer Medicine published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Fibroblast growth factor-21 (FGF21) administration to early-lactating dairy cows. II. Pharmacokinetics, whole-animal performance, and lipid metabolism.; Dairy cows cope with severe energy insufficiency in early lactation by engaging in intense and sustained mobilization of fatty acids from adipose tissue. An unwanted side effect of this adaptation is excessive lipid accumulation in the liver, which in turn impairs hepatic functions. Mice experiencing increased hepatic fatty acid flux are protected from this condition through coordinated actions of the newly described hormone fibroblast growth factor-21 (FGF21) on liver and adipose tissue. The possibility of an analogous role for FGF21 in dairy cows is suggested by its rapid increase in plasma levels around parturition followed by chronically elevated levels in the first few weeks of lactation. To test this hypothesis, dairy cows were randomly assigned on d 12.6 +/- 2.2 (+/- standard error) of lactation to receive either an excipient (control; n = 6) or recombinant human FGF21 (n = 7), first as an FGF21 bolus of 3 mg/kg of body weight (BW) followed 2 d later by a constant i.v. infusion of FGF21 at a rate of 6.3 mg/kg of metabolic BW for 9 consecutive days. After bolus administration, human FGF21 circulated with a half-life of 194 min, and its constant infusion increased total plasma concentration 117-fold over levels in excipient-infused cows. The FGF21 treatment had no effect on voluntary feed intake, milk yield, milk energy output, or net energy balance measured over the 9-d infusion or on final BW. Plasma fatty acids circulated at lower concentrations in the FGF21 group than in the control group for the 8-h period following bolus administration, but this reduction was not significant during the period of constant i.v. infusion. Treatment with FGF21 caused a 50% reduction in triglyceride content in liver biopsies taken at the end of the constant i.v. infusion without altering the mRNA abundance of key genes involved in the transport, acyl coenzyme A activation, or oxidation of fatty acids. In contrast, FGF21 treatment ablated the recovery of plasma insulin-like growth factor-1 seen in control cows during the 9-d i.v. infusion period despite a tendency for higher plasma growth hormone. This effect was associated with increased hepatic mRNA abundance of the intracellular inhibitor of growth hormone receptor trafficking, LEPROT. Overall, these data confirm the ability of FGF21 to reduce lipid accumulation in bovine liver and suggest the possibility that FGF21 does so by attenuating the hepatic influx of adipose tissue-derived fatty acids. Copyright © 2019 American Dairy Science Association. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Fibroblast growth factor-21 (FGF21) administration to early-lactating dairy cows. I. Effects on signaling and indices of insulin action.; Modern dairy cows rely on hormonally driven mechanisms to coordinate the metabolic adaptations needed to meet the energy and nutrient deficits of early lactation. In the case of glucose, dairy cows cope with its scarcity during early lactation via reduced plasma concentrations of insulin and the insulin sensitizing hormone adiponectin and increased insulin resistance. Reduced insulin action promotes diversion of available glucose to the mammary gland but increases susceptibility to diseases if excessive. In earlier work, we reported that the insulin sensitizing hormone fibroblast growth factor-21 (FGF21) is increased in periparturient dairy cows and identified liver and adipose tissue as possible targets. These observations raised the possibility that FGF21 acts directly on these tissues to limit the insulin resistance of early lactation. To test this hypothesis, dairy cows were randomly assigned on d 12.6 +/- 2.2 (+/- standard error) of lactation to receive either excipient (n = 6) or recombinant human FGF21 (n = 7), first as an FGF21 bolus of 3 mg/kg of body weight, followed 2 d later by a constant i.v. infusion of FGF21 at the rate of 6.3 mg/kg of metabolic body weight for 9 consecutive days. Biopsies of liver and adipose tissue were collected during the bolus phase of the experiment and used to analyze FGF21 signaling by Western blotting and expression of its receptor components by quantitative PCR. Bolus FGF21 administration caused a 4-fold increase in p44/42 MAPK (ERK1/2) activation in adipose tissue but had no effect on AKT and signal transducer and activator of transcription-3 (STAT3) signaling. The liver expressed negligible levels of the preferred FGF21 receptor FGFR1c and failed to mount any FGF21 signaling response. The FGF21 administered as a bolus had no effect on plasma glucose or insulin and did not stimulate an acute release of adiponectin from adipose tissue. Similarly, FGF21 infusion had no effect on plasma levels of glucose or insulin measured over the 9-d infusion or on glucose disposal during an i.v. glucose tolerance test performed on d 8 of infusion. Finally, the chronic FGF21 infusion had no effect on indices of adiponectin production, including plasma adiponectin and adipose tissue mRNA abundance of adiponectin and the endoplasmic reticulum chaperones ERO1A and DSBA-L involved in the assembly of adiponectin into multimeric complexes. These data show that human FGF21 does not act as an insulin sensitizer during the energy and glucose deficit of early lactation but do not rule out such a role in other physiological states. Copyright © 2019 American Dairy Science Association. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The WHEAT pilot trial-WithHolding Enteral feeds Around packed red cell Transfusion to prevent necrotising enterocolitis in preterm neonates: a multicentre, electronic patient record (EPR), randomised controlled point-of-care pilot trial.; INTRODUCTION: Necrotising enterocolitis (NEC) is a potentially devastating neonatal disease. A temporal association between red cell transfusion and NEC is well described. Observational data suggest that withholding enteral feeds around red cell transfusions may reduce the risk of NEC but this has not been tested in randomised trials; current UK practice varies. Prevention of NEC is a research priority but no appropriately powered trials have addressed this question. The use of a simplified opt-out consent model and embedding trial processes within existing electronic patient record (EPR) systems provide opportunities to increase trial efficiency and recruitment., METHODS AND ANALYSIS: We will undertake a randomised, controlled, multicentre, unblinded, pilot trial comparing two care pathways: continuing milk feeds (before, during and after red cell transfusions) and withholding milk feeds (for 4 hours before, during and for 4 hours after red cell transfusions), with infants randomly assigned with equal probability. We will use opt-out consent. A nested qualitative study will explore parent and health professional views. Infants will be eligible if born at <30+0 gestational weeks+days. Primary feasibility outcomes will be rate of recruitment, opt-out, retention, compliance, data completeness and data accuracy; clinical outcomes will include mortality and NEC. The trial will recruit in two neonatal networks in England for 9 months. Data collection will continue until all infants have reached 40+0 corrected gestational weeks or neonatal discharge. Participant identification and recruitment, randomisation and all trial data collection will be embedded within existing neonatal EPR systems (BadgerNet and BadgerEPR); outcome data will be extracted from routinely recorded data held in the National Neonatal Research Database., ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: This study holds Research Ethics Committee approval to use an opt-out approach to consent. Results will inform future EPR-embedded and data-enabled trials and will be disseminated through conferences, publications and parent-centred information., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ISRCTN registry ISRCTN62501859; Pre-results. Copyright © Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2019. Re-use permitted under CC BY. Published by BMJ.
The Effects of Dairy Intake on Insulin Resistance: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Clinical Trials.; The incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) has increased in the US over the last several years. The consumption of low-fat dairy foods has been linked with decreasing the risk of DM but studies have yet to show a clear correlation. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials (RCTs) evaluating the effects of dairy intake on homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), waist circumference, and body weight. In MEDLINE and Embase, we identified and reviewed 49 relevant RCTs: 30 had appropriate data format for inclusion in the meta-analysis. Using the Review Manager 5 software, we calculated the pooled standardized mean differences comparing dairy dietary interventions to control for our outcomes of interest. For HOMA-IR (794 individuals), we found a mean difference of -1.21 (95% CI -1.74 to -0.67; p-value < 0.00001; I2 = 92%). For waist circumference (1348 individuals), the mean difference was -1.09 cm (95% CI 1.68 to -0.58; p-value < 0.00001; I2 = 94%). For body weight (2362 individuals), the dairy intake intervention group weighed 0.42 kg less than control (p-value < 0.00001; I2 = 92%). Our findings suggest that dairy intake, especially low-fat dairy products, has a beneficial effect on HOMA-IR, waist circumference, and body weight. This could impact dietary recommendations to reduce DM risk.
The association of human milk oligosaccharides with glucose metabolism in overweight and obese pregnant women.; BACKGROUND: Human milk oligosaccharides (HMOs) were recently found in serum of normal-weight pregnant women, with concentrations increasing from early to mid- and late pregnancy. Whether HMOs have effects on maternal metabolism is unknown., OBJECTIVES: We aimed to study the presence and changes in HMOs throughout pregnancy and assess associations with maternal glucose metabolism throughout pregnancy., METHODS: The study was a prospective longitudinal cohort study including 87 overweight or obese women. Blood samples were taken at 15, 24, and 32 wk of pregnancy. In serum, 4 HMOs [2'-fucosyllactose (2'FL), lactodifucotetraose (LDFT), 3'-sialyllactose (3'SL), and 3'-sialyllactosamine (3'SLN)] were measured. In linear regression models, the associations between HMOs and (changes in) maternal metabolic parameters were assessed., RESULTS: All 4 HMOs showed a significant increase from 15 to 32 weeks of gestation. 3'SL and 3'SLN, but not 2'FL or LDFT, at 15 wk were positively associated with (changes in) fasting glucose at 24 and 32 wk. LDFT was positively associated with (changes in) insulin and HOMA-index at 24 but not 32 wk. A model to predict the development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) that included fasting glucose, prepregnancy BMI, gestational weight gain, age, parity, smoking, and history of macrosomia resulted in an area under the curve (AUC) of 0.81 (95% CI: 0.70, 0.92). Adding 3'SL to this model increased the AUC to 0.91 (95% CI: 0.84, 0.97)., CONCLUSIONS: The sialylated HMOs 3'SL and 3'SLN were associated with fasting glucose; LDFT was associated with fasting insulin and HOMA-index. Furthermore, 3'SL was more predictive of future GDM diagnoses than was fasting glucose in early pregnancy. Causal relations are unclear and need further investigation. Copyright © American Society for Nutrition 2019.
Whey Protein Combined with Low Dietary Fiber Improves Lipid Profile in Subjects with Abdominal Obesity: A Randomized, Controlled Trial.; Abdominal obesity is associated with elevated postprandial triglycerides (TG), an independent risk factor for cardiovascular diseases. Previous studies show that whey protein (WP) and dietary fiber may separately reduce postprandial TG. However, few studies have investigated the long-term effects of WP and dietary fiber on postprandial TG. We aimed to investigate the separate and combined long-term effects of WP and dietary fiber from wheat bran on postprandial TG and markers of lipid metabolism in subjects with abdominal obesity. We conducted a 12-week, double-blind, randomized, controlled, parallel intervention study. In a 2 x 2 factorial design, 73 adults were randomized to receive 60 g/day of either WP hydrolysate or maltodextrin (MD) combined with high-fiber wheat bran products (HiFi; 30 g dietary fiber/day) or low-fiber refined wheat products (LoFi; 10 g dietary fiber/day). A high-fat meal test was conducted before and after the intervention. Sixty-five subjects were included in the final analyses. There were no differences between intervention groups in postprandial TG assessed as incremental area under the curve (iAUC). WP-LoFi had reduced postprandial TG assessed as total area under the curve (tAUC) and reduced fasting TG compared with all other groups, and reduced fasting apolipoprotein B-48 compared with MD-LoFi. There were no changes in lipoprotein lipase activity. Total cholesterol and apolipoprotein B-100 were reduced after WP intake compared with MD. Total cholesterol was increased after HiFi intake compared with LoFi. In conclusion, intake of WP in combination with low-fiber cereal products for 12 weeks had beneficial effects on postprandial TG tAUC and fasting TG, but not on postprandial TG iAUC in subjects with abdominal obesity. Combining WP with high-fiber wheat bran products did not improve lipid profile.
Effects of Regular Kefir Consumption on Gut Microbiota in Patients with Metabolic Syndrome: A Parallel-Group, Randomized, Controlled Study.; Several health-promoting effects of kefir have been suggested, however, there is limited evidence for its potential effect on gut microbiota in metabolic syndrome This study aimed to investigate the effects of regular kefir consumption on gut microbiota composition, and their relation with the components of metabolic syndrome. In a parallel-group, randomized, controlled clinical trial setting, patients with metabolic syndrome were randomized to receive 180 mL/day kefir (n = 12) or unfermented milk (n = 10) for 12 weeks. Anthropometrical measurements, blood samples, blood pressure measurements, and fecal samples were taken at the beginning and end of the study. Fasting insulin, HOMA-IR, TNF-alpha, IFN-gamma, and systolic and diastolic blood pressure showed a significant decrease by the intervention of kefir (p <= 0.05, for each). However, no significant difference was obtained between the kefir and unfermented milk groups (p > 0.05 for each). Gut microbiota analysis showed that regular kefir consumption resulted in a significant increase only in the relative abundance of Actinobacteria (p = 0.023). No significant change in the relative abundance of Bacteroidetes, Proteobacteria or Verrucomicrobia by kefir consumption was obtained. Furthermore, the changes in the relative abundance of sub-phylum bacterial populations did not differ significantly between the groups (p > 0.05, for each). Kefir supplementation had favorable effects on some of the metabolic syndrome parameters, however, further investigation is needed to understand its effect on gut microbiota composition.
Whey Protein Supplementation Compared to Collagen Increases Blood Nesfatin Concentrations and Decreases Android Fat in Overweight Women: A Randomized Double-Blind Study.; Protein supplements are usually used to control body weight, however, the impact of protein quality on body fat attenuation is unknown. We investigated the effects of isocaloric isoproteic supplementation of either whey protein (WG) or hydrolysed collagen supplementation (CG) on dietary intake, adiposity and biochemical markers in overweight women., METHODS: In this randomized double-blind study, 37 women, [mean +/- SE, age 40.6 +/- 1.7 year; BMI (kg/m2) 30.9 +/- 0.6], consumed sachets containing 40 g/day of concentrated whey protein (25 g total protein, 2.4 leucine, 1.0 valine, 1.5 isoleucine, n = 17) or 38 g/day of hydrolysed collagen (26 g total protein, 1.02 leucine, 0.91 valine, 0.53 isoleucine, n = 20) in the afternoon snack. The compliance was set at >70% of the total theoretical doses. The dietary intake was evaluated by a 6-day food record questionnaire. At the beginning and after eight weeks of follow-up, body composition was evaluated by using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry and lipid profile, insulin resistance, C-reactive protein, adiponectin, leptin and nesfastin plasma concentrations were analyzed., RESULTS: Supplements were isocaloric and isoproteic. There were no differences in caloric intake (p = 0.103), protein (p = 0.085), carbohydrate (p = 0.797) and lipids (p = 0.109) intakes. The branched chain amino acids (BCAA) (GC: 1.8 +/- 0.1 g vs. WG: 5.5 +/- 0.3 g, p < 0.001) and leucine intake (CG: 0.1 +/- 0.1 g vs. WG: 2.6 +/- 0.1 g, p < 0.001) were higher in WG compared to CG. BMI increased in the CG (0.2 +/- 1.1 kg/m2, p = 0.044) but did not change in WG. WG decreased the android fat (-0.1 +/- 0.3 kg, p = 0.031) and increased nesfatin concentrations (4.9 +/- 3.2 ng/mL, p = 0.014) compared to CG., CONCLUSIONS: Whey protein supplementation in overweight women increased nesfatin concentrations and could promote increase of resting metabolic rate as part of body composition improvement programs compared to collagen supplementation for 8 weeks. Additionally, our findings suggest that collagen may not be an effective supplement for overweight women who are attempting to alter body composition.
Comparative Meta-Analysis of the Effect of Concentrated, Hydrolyzed, and Isolated Whey Protein Supplementation on Body Composition of Physical Activity Practitioners.; Whey protein (WP) is a dairy food supplement and, due to its effects on fat-free mass (FFM) gain and fat mass (FM) loss, it has been widely consumed by resistance training practitioners. This review analyzed the impact of WP supplementation in its concentrated (WPC), hydrolyzed (WPH) and isolated (WPI) forms, comparing it exclusively to isocaloric placebos. Random effect meta-analyses were performed from the final and initial body composition values of 246 healthy athletes undergoing 64.5 +/- 15.3 days of training in eight randomized clinical trials (RCT) collected systematically from five scientific databases. The weighted mean difference (WMD) was statistically significant for FM loss (WMD = -0.96, 95% CI = -1.37, -0.55, p < 0.001) and, in the analysis of subgroups, this effect was maintained for the WPC (WMD = -0.63, 95% CI = -1.19, -0.06, p = 0.030), with protein content between 51% and 80% (WMD = -1.53; 95% CI = -2.13, -0.93, p < 0.001), and only for regular physical activity practitioners (WMD = -0.95; 95% CI = -1.70, -0.19, p = 0.014). There was no significant effect on FFM in any of the scenarios investigated (p > 0.05). Due to several and important limitations, more detailed analyses are required regarding FFM gain.
Optimized protein intakes in term infants support physiological growth and promote long-term health.; Breastfeeding is associated with a reduced later obesity risk, relative to feeding convention infant formula. Breastfeeding induces less weight gain during the first two years of life, which predicts less obesity up to adulthood. We tested the hypothesis that a high infant protein supply promotes weight gain and obesity risk, mediated by increased plasma amino acids and growth factors, insulin and insulin like growth factor 1 (IGF-1). A large multi-centre double blind trial randomized formula-fed infants to conventional bottle milk with a high protein content, or an intervention formula with a reduced protein content more similar to levels provided with human milk. Protein-reduced formula normalized weight, body mass index and body fatness up to 6 years, relative to a breastfed reference group, and reduced the adjusted odds for obesity 2.6-fold. Available data indicate potential underlying mechanisms. We conclude that infant feeding has very marked long-term programming effects on later BMI, obesity and adiposity, with major public health implications. Breastfeeding lowers the risk for later obesity and adiposity. This provides additional motivation for proactively and enthusiastically promoting, protecting and supporting breastfeeding. A high milk protein intake in infancy increases the long-term risk for obesity and adiposity. Infants not or not fully breastfed should receive infant formula delivering protein in amounts more similar to human milk contents, with high protein quality. Other sources of very high infant protein intakes, particular drinking unmodified cows' milk, should be avoided in infancy. Copyright © 2019. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Associations between major dietary patterns and biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction in two urban midsized cities in Argentina.; OBJECTIVE: We examined whether dietary patterns (DPS) are associated with endothelial dysfunction (ED) markers in an Argentinian population., RESEARCH METHODS & PROCEDURES: The sample in this cross-sectional study was derived from 1,983 subjects from two mid-sized cities in Argentina who were involved in the CESCAS I Study. To define DP, a food-frequency questionnaire was applied. In a subsample randomly selected from the primary cohort, serum concentrations of C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (sVCAM-1), soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1), and soluble E selectin (sSELE) were determined. Correlations and multiple linear regression models were used to assess the relation between each quartile of DP adherence score and ED markers (Q1 lowest adherence; Q4 highest adherence)., RESULTS: Three DPs were identified: Traditional (TDP), Prudent (PDP), and Convenience and processed (CDP). TDP was characterized by higher intake of refined grains, red meat, whole fat dairy products, vegetable oils, and "mate", a traditional South American infused drink; PDP was characterized by higher intake of vegetables, fruit, low-fat dairy products, whole grains, and legumes; and CDP consisted mainly of processed meat, snacks, pizza, and "empanadas", a stuffed bread served baked or fried. Lower scores (Q2, Q3) in TDP were inversely associated with concentrations of sSELE (P < 0.0001 and P < 0.05, respectively). In PDP, higher scores were inversely associated with hs-CRP, whereas lower scores showed a positive relation with sSELE (P < 0.05). Contrariwise, higher scores in CDP were directly associated with sSELE concentrations (P < 0.05)., CONCLUSION: Adherence for each DP identified is differentially related to ED markers in the studied population. Copyright © 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Dairy intake and type 2 diabetes risk factors: A narrative review.; AIM: The interest regarding the potential role of dairy products in the prevention of type 2 diabetes (T2D) has emerged. Although results remain mixed, numerous cohort studies have shown that increased dairy consumption is inversely associated with T2D risk. This narrative review evaluates the recent evidence of dairy products intake on T2D risk factors for the prevention of T2D., MATERIAL AND METHOD: The review is framed within the systematic review and meta-analyses of cohort studies and the individual randomized controlled trials evidence. We searched for existing meta-analyses of cohort studies that addressed the association of dairy intake with incidence of T2D in adults using the MEDLINE (via PubMed) database. For the interventional studies, the literature searched was conducted using MEDLINE (via PubMed) with the following Medical Subjects Heading (MeSH) terms i.e. dairy OR milk OR cheese OR yogurt AND glucose OR diabetes OR insulin resistance OR insulin sensitivity OR pre-diabetes., RESULTS: Most of the meta-analyses and systematic reviews of the cohort studies point to a reduced risk of T2D with dairy intake of 3 servings per day. This effect was mainly attributed to low-fat dairy, particularly yogurt and cheese. However, there is no evidence in cohort studies that high-fat dairy intake poses any harm., CONCLUSION: Dairy products, when incorporated into a healthy diet, likely do not have detrimental effects on glucose-related outcomes. The potential impact of dairy consumption on glucose tolerance tests, insulin levels, insulin sensitivity measures, and plasma glucose levels warrant future investigation. Copyright © 2019. Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Prebiotics for the prevention of hyperbilirubinaemia in neonates.; BACKGROUND: Hyperbilirubinaemia occurs in approximately two-thirds of all newborns during the first days of life and is frequently treated with phototherapy. Although generally seen as safe, there is rising concern regarding phototherapy and its potentially damaging effects on DNA and increased side effects particularly for preterm infants. Other methods, such as enteral feeding supplementation with prebiotics, may have an effective use in the management of hyperbilirubinaemia in neonates., OBJECTIVES: To determine whether administration of prebiotics reduces the incidence of hyperbilirubinaemia among term and preterm infants compared with enteral supplementation of milk with distilled water/placebo or no supplementation., SEARCH METHODS: We used the standard search strategy of Cochrane Neonatal to search the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2018, Issue 5), MEDLINE via PubMed (1966 to 14 June 2018), Embase (1980 to 14 June 2018), and CINAHL (1982 to 14 June 2018). We also searched clinical trials databases, conference proceedings, and the reference lists of retrieved articles for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi-randomised trials., SELECTION CRITERIA: We considered all RCTs that studied neonates comparing enteral feeding supplementation with prebiotics versus distilled water/placebo or no supplementation., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Two reviewers screened papers and extracted data from selected papers. We used a fixed-effect method in combining the effects of studies that were sufficiently similar. We then used the GRADE approach to assess the quality of the evidence., MAIN RESULTS: Three small studies evaluating 154 infants were included in this review. One study reported a significant reduction in the risk of hyperbilirubinaemia and rate of treatment with phototherapy associated with enteral supplementation with prebiotics (risk ratio (RR) 0.75, 95% confidence interval (95% CI) 0.58 to 0.97; one study, 50 infants; low-quality evidence). Meta-analyses of two studies showed no significant difference in maximum plasma unconjugated bilirubin levels in infants with prebiotic supplementation (mean difference (MD) 0.14 mg/dL, 95% CI -0.91 to 1.20, I2 = 81%, P = 0.79; two studies, 78 infants; low-quality evidence). There was no evidence of a significant difference in duration of phototherapy between the prebiotic and control groups, which was only reported by one study (MD 0.10 days, 95% CI -2.00 to 2.20; one study, 50 infants; low-quality evidence). The meta-analyses of two studies demonstrated a significant reduction in the length of hospital stay (MD -10.57 days, 95% CI -17.81 to -3.33; 2 studies, 78 infants; I2 = 0%, P = 0.004; low-quality evidence). Meta-analysis of the three studies showed a significant increase in stool frequency in the prebiotic groups (MD 1.18, 95% CI 0.90 to 1.46, I2 = 90%; 3 studies, 154 infants; high-quality evidence). No significant difference in mortality during hospital stay after enteral supplementation with prebiotics was reported (typical RR 0.94, 95% CI 0.14 to 6.19; I2 = 6%, P = 0.95; 2 studies; 78 infants; low-quality evidence). There were no reports of the need for exchange transfusion and incidence of acute bilirubin encephalopathy, chronic bilirubin encephalopathy, and major neurodevelopmental disability in the included studies. None of the included studies reported any side effects., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: Current studies are unable to provide reliable evidence about the effectiveness of prebiotics on hyperbilirubinaemia. Additional large, well-designed RCTs should be undertaken in neonates that compare effects of enteral supplementation with prebiotics on neonatal hyperbilirubinaemia with supplementation of milk with any other placebo (particularly distilled water) or no supplementation.
Is vitamin D-fortified yogurt a value-added strategy for improving human health? A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.; Yogurt is a good source of probiotics, calcium, and proteins, but its content of vitamin D is low. Therefore, yogurt could be a good choice for vitamin D fortification to improve the positive health outcomes associated with its consumption. The primary aim of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to investigate the effect of vitamin D-fortified yogurt compared with plain yogurt on levels of serum 25-hydroxy vitamin D (25OHD). The secondary aim was to evaluate the effect of fortified yogurt on parathyroid hormone, anthropometric parameters, blood pressure, glucose metabolism, and lipid profile. We searched PubMed, Scopus, and Google Scholar for eligible studies; that is, randomized controlled trials (RCT) that compared vitamin D-fortified yogurt with control treatment without any additional supplement. Random-effects models were used to estimate pooled effect sizes and 95% confidence intervals. Findings from 9 RCT (n = 665 participants) that lasted from 8 to 16 wk are summarized in this review. The meta-analyzed mean differences for random effects showed that vitamin D-fortified yogurt (from 400 to 2,000 IU) increased serum 25OHD by 31.00 nmol/L. In addition, vitamin D-fortified yogurt decreased parathyroid hormone by 15.47 ng/L, body weight by 0.92 kg, waist circumference by 2.01 cm, HOMA-IR by 2.18 mass units, fasting serum glucose by 22.54 mg/dL, total cholesterol by 13.38 mg/dL, and triglycerides by 30.12 mg/dL compared with the controlled treatments. No publication bias was identified. Considerable between-study heterogeneity was observed for most outcomes. Vitamin D-fortified yogurt may be beneficial in improving serum 25OHD, lipid profile, glucose metabolism, and anthropometric parameters and decreasing parathyroid hormone level in pregnant women and adult and elderly subjects with or without diabetes, prediabetes, or metabolic syndrome. Copyright © 2019 American Dairy Science Association. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A Dietary Intervention of Bioactive Enriched Foods Aimed at Adults at Risk of Metabolic Syndrome: Protocol and Results from PATHWAY-27 Pilot Study.; Around a quarter of the global adult population have metabolic syndrome (MetS) and therefore increased risk of cardiovascular mortality and diabetes. Docosahexaenoic acid, oat beta-glucan and grape anthocyanins have been shown to be effective in reducing MetS risk factors when administered as isolated compounds, but their effect when administered as bioactive-enriched foods has not been evaluated., OBJECTIVE: The overall aim of the PATHWAY-27 project was to evaluate the effectiveness of bioactive-enriched food consumption on improving risk factors of MetS. A pilot study was conducted to assess which of five bioactive combinations provided within three different food matrices (bakery, dairy or egg) were the most effective in adult volunteers. The trial also evaluated the feasibility of production, consumer acceptability and gastrointestinal tolerance of the bioactive-enriched food., METHOD: The study included three monocentric, parallel-arm, double-blind, randomised, dietary intervention trials without a placebo. Each recruiting centre tested the five bioactive combinations within a single food matrix., RESULTS: The study was completed by 167 participants (74 male, 93 female). The results indicated that specific bioactive/matrix combinations have effects on serum triglyceride or HDL-cholesterol level without adverse effects., CONCLUSION: The study evidenced that bioactive-enriched food offers a promising food-based strategy for MetS prevention, and highlighted the importance of conducting pilot studies.
The effects of a lipid-based nutrient supplement and antiretroviral therapy in a randomized controlled trial on iron, copper, and zinc in milk from HIV-infected Malawian mothers and associations with maternal and infant biomarkers.; We evaluated effects of antiretroviral (ARV) therapy and lipid-based nutrient supplements (LNSs) on iron, copper, and zinc in milk of exclusively breastfeeding HIV-infected Malawian mothers and their correlations with maternal and infant biomarkers. Human milk and blood at 2, 6, and 24 weeks post-partum and blood during pregnancy (<=30 weeks gestation) were collected from 535 mothers/infant-pairs in the Breastfeeding, Antiretrovirals, and Nutrition study. The participants received ARV, LNS, ARV and LNS, or no intervention from 0 to 28 weeks post-partum. ARVs negatively affected copper and zinc milk concentrations, but only at 2 weeks, whereas LNS had no effect. Among all treatment groups, approximately 80-90% of copper and zinc and <50% of iron concentrations met the current adequate intake for infants at 2 weeks and only 1-19% at 24 weeks. Pregnancy haemoglobin was negatively correlated with milk iron at 2 and 6 weeks (r = -.18, p < .02 for both). The associations of the milk minerals with each other were the strongest correlations observed (r = .11-.47, p < .05 for all); none were found with infant biomarkers. At 2 weeks, moderately anaemic women produced milk higher in iron when ferritin was higher or TfR lower. At 6 weeks, higher maternal alpha-1-acid glycoprotein and C-reactive protein were associated with higher milk minerals in mildly anaemic women. Infant TfR was lower when milk mineral concentrations were higher at 6 weeks and when mothers were moderately anaemic during pregnancy. ARV affects copper and zinc milk concentrations in early lactation, and maternal haemoglobin during pregnancy and lactation could influence the association between milk minerals and maternal and infant iron status and biomarkers of inflammation. Copyright © 2017 The Authors. Maternal and Child Nutrition Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Type of infant formula increases early weight gain and impacts energy balance: a randomized controlled trial.; Background: Millions of infants are fed breast milk substitutes, and the type of infant formula can impact weight gain patterns., Objective: We conducted a randomized controlled trial to determine the direct impact of 2 types of infant formula (cow milk formula, CMF; extensively protein hydrolyzed formula, EHF) on growth and energy balance., Design: A racially diverse group of formula-fed infants (n = 113) were randomly assigned to either CMF or EHF from the age of 0.75 to 12.5 mo. At each monthly visit, anthropometric measures were obtained to determine growth z scores and weight gain velocity, and to categorize early weight gain patterns as rapid or nonrapid. Also, diet records were collected to determine energy from formula and other sources. Comprehensive assessments of energy balance (intake, expenditure, loss) were made at 0.75, 3.5, and 12.5 mo., Results: Beginning 3 wk after randomization, CMF infants had significantly higher weight, but not length, z scores than did EHF infants, and this persisted after solid foods complemented the formula diet. On average, weight gain velocity from 0.75 to 4.5 mo was within the range of typically growing infants for both groups, yet velocity was 3.9 g/d greater for CMF infants (P = 0.002), who were more likely to be classified as an early rapid weight gainer, than EHF infants (46% compared with 18%; P = 0.007). Early differences in energy intake and fecal loss, yielding greater energy available for deposition among CMF infants, contributed to the differential weight gain patterns. There were no significant differences between the formula treatment groups in total energy expenditure or sleeping energy expenditure., Conclusions: Among healthy infants, the type of formula impacted on early rapid weight gain patterns owing to energy intake and loss mechanisms. Research is needed to identify the macronutrients and other compositional constituents in EHF and breast milk that promote satiation and healthy weight gain during sensitive periods of development. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as: NCT01700205.
Randomised trial of coconut oil, olive oil or butter on blood lipids and other cardiovascular risk factors in healthy men and women.; INTRODUCTION: High dietary saturated fat intake is associated with higher blood concentrations of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), an established risk factor for coronary heart disease. However, there is increasing interest in whether various dietary oils or fats with different fatty acid profiles such as extra virgin coconut oil may have different metabolic effects but trials have reported inconsistent results. We aimed to compare changes in blood lipid profile, weight, fat distribution and metabolic markers after four weeks consumption of 50 g daily of one of three different dietary fats, extra virgin coconut oil, butter or extra virgin olive oil, in healthy men and women in the general population., DESIGN: Randomised clinical trial conducted over June and July 2017., SETTING: General community in Cambridgeshire, UK., PARTICIPANTS: Volunteer adults were recruited by the British Broadcasting Corporation through their websites. Eligibility criteria were men and women aged 50-75 years, with no known history of cancer, cardiovascular disease or diabetes, not on lipid lowering medication, no contraindications to a high-fat diet and willingness to be randomised to consume one of the three dietary fats for 4 weeks. Of 160 individuals initially expressing an interest and assessed for eligibility, 96 were randomised to one of three interventions; 2 individuals subsequently withdrew and 94 men and women attended a baseline assessment. Their mean age was 60 years, 67% were women and 98% were European Caucasian. Of these, 91 men and women attended a follow-up assessment 4 weeks later., INTERVENTION: Participants were randomised to extra virgin coconut oil, extra virgin olive oil or unsalted butter and asked to consume 50 g daily of one of these fats for 4 weeks, which they could incorporate into their usual diet or consume as a supplement., MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The primary outcome was change in serum LDL-C; secondary outcomes were change in total and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (TC and HDL-C), TC/HDL-C ratio and non-HDL-C; change in weight, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, per cent body fat, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, fasting plasma glucose and C reactive protein., RESULTS: LDL-C concentrations were significantly increased on butter compared with coconut oil (+0.42, 95% CI 0.19 to 0.65 mmol/L, P<0.0001) and with olive oil (+0.38, 95% CI 0.16 to 0.60 mmol/L, P<0.0001), with no differences in change of LDL-C in coconut oil compared with olive oil (-0.04, 95% CI -0.27 to 0.19 mmol/L, P=0.74). Coconut oil significantly increased HDL-C compared with butter (+0.18, 95% CI 0.06 to 0.30 mmol/L) or olive oil (+0.16, 95% CI 0.03 to 0.28 mmol/L). Butter significantly increased TC/HDL-C ratio and non-HDL-C compared with coconut oil but coconut oil did not significantly differ from olive oil for TC/HDL-C and non-HDL-C. There were no significant differences in changes in weight, BMI, central adiposity, fasting blood glucose, systolic or diastolic blood pressure among any of the three intervention groups., CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Two different dietary fats (butter and coconut oil) which are predominantly saturated fats, appear to have different effects on blood lipids compared with olive oil, a predominantly monounsaturated fat with coconut oil more comparable to olive oil with respect to LDL-C. The effects of different dietary fats on lipid profiles, metabolic markers and health outcomes may vary not just according to the general classification of their main component fatty acids as saturated or unsaturated but possibly according to different profiles in individual fatty acids, processing methods as well as the foods in which they are consumed or dietary patterns. These findings do not alter current dietary recommendations to reduce saturated fat intake in general but highlight the need for further elucidation of the more nuanced relationships between different dietary fats and health., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT03105947; Results. Copyright © Article author(s) (or their employer(s) unless otherwise stated in the text of the article) 2018. All rights reserved. No commercial use is permitted unless otherwise expressly granted.
Nutritional adequacy of a novel human milk fortifier from donkey milk in feeding preterm infants: study protocol of a randomized controlled clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: Fortification of human milk is a standard practice for feeding very low birth weight infants. However, preterm infants often still experience suboptimal growth and feeding intolerance. New fortification strategies and different commercially available fortifiers have been developed. Commercially available fortifiers are constituted by a blend of ingredients from different sources, including plant oils and bovine milk proteins, thus presenting remarkable differences in the quality of macronutrients with respect to human milk. Based on the consideration that donkey milk has been suggested as a valid alternative for children allergic to cow's milk proteins, due to its biochemical similarity to human milk, we hypothesized that donkey milk could be a suitable ingredient for developing an innovative human milk fortifier. The aim of the study is to evaluate feeding tolerance, growth and clinical short and long-term outcomes in a population of preterm infants fed with a novel multi-component fortifier and a protein concentrate derived from donkey milk, in comparison to an analogous population fed with traditional fortifier and protein supplement containing bovine milk proteins., METHODS: The study has been designed as a randomized, controlled, single-blind clinical trial. Infants born <1500 g and <32 weeks of gestational age were randomized to receive for 21 days either a combination of control bovine milk-based multicomponent fortifier and protein supplement, or a combination of a novel multicomponent fortifier and protein supplement derived from donkey milk. The fortification protocol followed is the same for the two groups, and the two diets were designed to be isoproteic and isocaloric. Weight, length and head circumference are measured; feeding tolerance is assessed by a standardized protocol. The occurrence of sepsis, necrotizing enterocolitis and adverse effects are monitored., DISCUSSION: This is the first clinical study investigating the use of a human milk fortifier derived from donkey milk for the nutrition of preterm infants. If donkey milk derived products will be shown to improve the feeding tolerance or either of the clinical, metabolic, neurological or auxological outcomes of preterm infants, it would be an absolute innovation in the field of feeding practices for preterm infants., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ISRCTN - ISRCTN70022881 .
Determining the mechanisms of dietary turnip rapeseed oil on cholesterol metabolism in men with metabolic syndrome.; We have earlier reported the reduction of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and oxidized LDL caused by short-term modification of diet with cold-pressed turnip rapeseed oil (CPTRO) instead of butter. The aim of this supplementary study was to determine whether the beneficial effects resulted from altered cholesterol metabolism during the intervention.Thirty-seven men with metabolic syndrome (MetS) completed an open, randomized and balanced crossover study. Subjects' usual diet was supplemented with either 37.5 g of butter or 35 mL of CPTRO for 6-8 weeks. Otherwise normal dietary habits and physical activity were maintained without major variations. Serum non-cholesterol sterols were assayed with gas-liquid chromatography and used as surrogate markers of whole-body cholesterol synthesis and absorption efficiency. Serum proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) concentration was analyzed with Quantikine ELISA Immunoassay. Serum cholesterol synthesis markers and serum cholestanol (absorption marker), all as ratios to cholesterol, did not differ between the periods. Serum campesterol and sitosterol ratios to cholesterol were significantly increased after the administration of CPTRO resulting from the increased intake of 217 mg/day of plant sterols in CPTRO. Serum PCSK9 concentration did not differ between CPTRO and butter periods. The reduction in serum cholesterol by 7.2% after consumption of rapeseed oil could not be explained by changes in cholesterol absorption, synthesis or PCSK9 metabolism in MetS.ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01119690. Copyright © American Federation for Medical Research (unless otherwise stated in the text of the article) 2018. All rights reserved. No commercial use is permitted unless otherwise expressly granted.
Effect of a Whey Protein Supplement on Preservation of Fat Free Mass in Overweight and Obese Individuals on an Energy Restricted Very Low Caloric Diet.; The obesity epidemic has caused a widespread interest in strategies to achieve a healthy "high quality" weight loss, where excess fat is lost, while fat free mass (FFM) is preserved. In this study, we aimed to examine the effect of whey protein supplementation given before night sleep on FFM preservation during a 4-week (wk) period on a very low caloric diet (VLCD). Twenty-nine obese subjects (body mass index (BMI) > 28 kg/m2) completed a 4-week intervention including a VLCD and a walking program (30 min walking x 5 times per week). Subjects were randomly assigned to either control (CON, n = 15) or a whey protein supplement (PRO, 0.4 g protein/kg/day, n = 14), ingested before bedtime. Body composition (dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, DXA), blood analysis and physical test were performed pre and post intervention. We measured nitrogen excretion in three 24 h urine collections (Day 0, 7 and 28) to assess nitrogen balance. Changes in nitrogen balance (NB) after 7 and 28 days was different between treatment groups (interaction p < 0.05). PRO was in NB after 7 days and in positive NB at day 28. In contrast, CON was in negative NB at day 7, but in NB at day 28. Nevertheless, no significant group differences were observed in the change in pre- and post-FFM measurements (-2.5 kg, [95% CI: 1.9; 3.1], p = 0.65). In conclusion, ingestion of a whey protein supplement before bedtime during a 4-week period on a VLCD improved nitrogen balance, but did not lead to any significant improvement in the quality of the weight loss in regard to observed changes in body composition and health parameters compared with controls.
Effectiveness of a Locally Produced, Fish-Based Food Product on Weight Gain among Cambodian Children in the Treatment of Acute Malnutrition: A Randomized Controlled Trial.; Cambodia continues to have a high prevalence of acute malnutrition. Low acceptability has been found for standard ready-to-use-therapeutic-food (RUTF) products. Therefore, NumTrey, a locally-produced fish-based RUTF, was developed. The objective was to evaluate the effectiveness of NumTrey compared to an imported milk-based RUTF for weight gain among children aged 6-59 months in the home-treatment for acute malnutrition. Effectiveness was tested in a single-blinded randomized controlled trial with weight gain as the primary outcome. Anthropometry was assessed at baseline and bi-weekly follow-ups until endline at Week 8. In total, 121 patients were randomized into BP-100TM (n = 61) or NumTrey (n = 60). There was no statistical difference in mean weight gain between the groups (1.06 g/kg/day; 95% CI (0.72, 1.41) and 1.08 g/kg/day; 95% CI (0.75, 1.41) for BP-100 TM and NumTrey, respectively). In addition, no statistically significant differences in secondary outcomes were found. Although the ability to draw conclusions was limited by lower weight gain than the desired 4 g/kg/day in both groups, no superiority was found for eitherRUTF. A locally produced RUTF is highly relevant to improve nutrition interventions in Cambodia. A locally produced fish-based RUTF is a relevant alternative to imported milk-based RUTF for the treatment of SAM in Cambodia.
Effect of a Home-Based Lifestyle Intervention on Breastfeeding Initiation Among Socioeconomically Disadvantaged African American Women with Overweight or Obesity.; BACKGROUND: Socioeconomically disadvantaged (SED) African American women with overweight or obesity are less likely to breastfeed., OBJECTIVE: To test whether a home-based lifestyle intervention impacts breastfeeding initiation rates in SED African American women with overweight or obesity., STUDY DESIGN: This was a secondary analysis of a randomized controlled trial from October 2012 to March 2016 at a university-based hospital within the LIFE-Moms consortium. SED African American women with overweight or obesity and singleton gestations were randomized by 16 weeks to Parents as Teachers (PAT)-a home-based parenting support and child development educational intervention-or PAT+, PAT with additional content on breastfeeding. Participants completed a breastfeeding survey. Outcomes included breastfeeding initiation and reasons for not initiating or not continuing breastfeeding., RESULTS: One hundred eighteen women were included: 59 in PAT+; 59 in PAT. Breastfeeding initiation rates were similar in each group (78.00% in PAT+; 74.58% in PAT). On a one to four scale, with four denoting "very important," women in PAT+ and PAT were equally likely to rate their beliefs that formula was better than breast milk or breastfeeding would be too inconvenient as the most important reasons to not initiate breastfeeding. On the same scale, women similarly rated their difficulty latching or concern for low milk supply as the most important reasons for breastfeeding cessation., CONCLUSION: SED African American women with overweight or obesity who received a home-based educational intervention had higher breastfeeding rates than is reported nationally for black women (59%). However, the intervention with more breastfeeding content did not further increase breastfeeding rates or impact reasons for breastfeeding cessation., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov : NCT01768793.
The DIAMOND trial - DIfferent Approaches to MOderate & late preterm Nutrition: Determinants of feed tolerance, body composition and development: protocol of a randomised trial.; BACKGROUND: Babies born at moderate-late preterm gestations account for > 80% of all preterm births. Although survival is excellent, these babies are at increased risk of adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes. They also are at increased risk of adverse long-term health outcomes, such as cardiovascular disease, obesity and diabetes. There is little evidence guiding optimal nutritional practices in these babies; practice, therefore, varies widely. This factorial design clinical trial will address the role of parenteral nutrition, milk supplementation and exposure of the preterm infant to taste and smell with each feed on time to tolerance of full feeds, adiposity, and neurodevelopment at 2 years., METHODS/DESIGN: The DIAMOND trial is a multi-centre, factorial, randomised, controlled clinical trial. A total of 528 babies born between 32+ 0 and 35+ 6 weeks' gestation receiving intravenous fluids and whose mothers intend to breastfeed will be randomised to one of eight treatment conditions that include a combination of each of the three interventions: (i) intravenous amino acid solution vs. intravenous dextrose solution until full milk feeds established; (ii) milk supplement vs. exclusive breastmilk, and (iii) taste/smell given or not given before gastric tube feeds. Babies will be excluded if a particular mode of nutrition is clinically indicated or there is a congenital abnormality. Primary study outcome: For parenteral nutrition and milk supplement interventions, body composition at 4 months' corrected age. For taste/smell intervention, time to full enteral feeds defined as 150 ml.kg- 1.day- 1 or exclusive breastfeeding., SECONDARY OUTCOMES: Days to full sucking feeds; days in hospital; body composition at discharge; growth to 2 years' corrected age; development at 2 years' corrected age; breastfeeding rates., DISCUSSION: This trial will provide the first direct evidence to inform feeding practices in moderate- to late-preterm infants that will optimise their growth, metabolic and developmental outcomes., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry - ACTRN12616001199404 . This trial is endorsed by the IMPACT clinical trials network ( https://impact.psanz.com.au ).
Relationship of the Adherence to a Mediterranean Diet and Its Main Components with CRP Levels in the Spanish Population.; Background: Adherence to a Mediterranean diet seems to be inversely associated with C-reactive protein (CRP) concentration. A 14-point Mediterranean Diet Adherence Screener (MEDAS) has been developed to assess dietary compliance. Objective: The aim of this study was to assess whether each of the MEDAS questions as well as their final score were associated with the levels of CRP in general Spanish population., METHODS: Cross-sectional analysis of 1411 subjects (mean age 61 years, 43.0% males) randomly selected from the general population. CRP levels were determined by a commercial ELISA kit. Adherence to the Mediterranean diet was measured by the 14-point MEDAS. Results: There was an inverse correlation between adherence to the Mediterranean diet and the CRP concentration, even after adjusting by age, gender, hypertension, metabolic syndrome, body mass index, statin treatment and hypertension treatment (p = 0.041). Subjects who consume >=2 servings of vegetables per day (p = 0.003), >=3 pieces of fruit per day (p = 0.003), >=1 serving of butter, margarine, or cream per day (p = 0.041) or >=3 servings of fish/seafood per week (p = 0.058) had significantly lower levels of CRP. Conclusions: Adherence to a Mediterranean-type diet measured by a simple questionnaire is associated with lower CRP concentration. However, this association seems to be particularly related to a higher consumption of vegetables, fruits, dairy products, and fish.
INTAKE OF SUGAR-SWEETENED BEVERAGES, MILK AND ITS ASSOCIATION WITH BODY MASS INDEX IN ADOLESCENCE: A SYSTEMATIC REVIEW.; OBJECTIVE: To systematize literature references addressing the association of sugar-sweetened beverage (SSB) and milk intake with body mass index (BMI) in adolescents., DATA SOURCE: A search was carried out in PubMed (US National Library of Medicine National Institutes of Health) and BVS (Virtual Library in Health). The descriptors used were: adolescents, young adult, beverages, drinking, obesity, overweight, BMI, and nutritional status. The following filters were applied: age ranging from 10 to 19 years, studies published in Portuguese or English language between 2011-2015., DATA SYNTHESIS: Thirty studies were selected (22 cross-sectional studies, 4 cohort studies, 1 randomized clinical trial, 1 case-control study, and 1 quasi-experimental study). There was association between the intake of these beverages and increase in BMI in 55% of all 20 studies that dealt with sugary drinks. When it came to soft drinks, 100% of studies reported association with increase in BMI. As to milk intake, only one article showed association with increased BMI. Three articles reported milk as a protection factor against increase in BMI; three studies found no association between this intake and BMI. Nineteen studies had representative samples and 20 surveys reported random samples. Among papers using questionnaires, 84% had been validated., CONCLUSIONS: There is no consensus in the literature about the association between SSB or milk intake and BMI in adolescents.
Fermented Food and Non-Communicable Chronic Diseases: A Review.; Fermented foods represent a significant fraction of human diets. Although their impact on health is positively perceived, an objective evaluation is still missing. We have, therefore, reviewed meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials (RCT) investigating the relationship between fermented foods and non-transmissible chronic diseases. Overall, after summarizing 25 prospective studies on dairy products, the association of fermented dairy with cancer was found to be neutral, whereas it was weakly beneficial, though inconsistent, for specific aspects of cardio-metabolic health, in particular stroke and cheese intake. The strongest evidence for a beneficial effect was for yoghurt on risk factors of type 2 diabetes. Although mechanisms explaining this association have not been validated, an increased bioavailability of insulinotropic amino acids and peptides as well as the bacterial biosynthesis of vitamins, in particular vitamin K2, might contribute to this beneficial effect. However, the heterogeneity in the design of the studies and the investigated foods impedes a definitive assessment of these associations. The literature on fermented plants is characterized by a wealth of in vitro data, whose positive results are not corroborated in humans due to the absence of RCTs. Finally, none of the RCTs were specifically designed to address the impact of food fermentation on health. This question should be addressed in future human studies.
Delayed Lactogenesis II and potential utility of antenatal milk expression in women developing late-onset preeclampsia: a case series.; BACKGROUND: Preeclampsia is a multi-system, hypertensive disorder of pregnancy that increases a woman's risk of later-life cardiovascular disease. Breastfeeding may counteract the negative cardiovascular sequela associated with preeclampsia; however, women who develop preeclampsia may be at-risk for suboptimal breastfeeding rates. In this case series, we present three cases of late-onset preeclampsia and one case of severe gestational hypertension that illustrate a potential association between hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and suboptimal breastfeeding outcomes, including delayed onset of lactogenesis II and in-hospital formula supplementation., CASE PRESENTATION: All cases were drawn from an ongoing pilot randomized controlled trial investigating the impact of antenatal milk expression versus an education control on breastfeeding outcomes. All study participants were healthy nulliparous women recruited at 34-366/7 gestational weeks from a hospital-based midwife practice. The variability in clinical presentation among the four cases suggests that any effect of hypertensive disorders on breastfeeding outcomes is likely multifactorial in nature, and may include both primary (e.g., preeclampsia disease course itself) and secondary (e.g., magnesium sulfate therapy, delayed at-breast feeding due to maternal-infant separation) etiologies. We further describe the use of antenatal milk expression (AME), or milk expression and storage beginning around 37 weeks of gestation, as a potential intervention to mitigate suboptimal breastfeeding outcomes in women at risk for preeclampsia and other hypertensive disorders of pregnancy., CONCLUSIONS: Additional research is needed to address incidence, etiology, and interventions, including AME, for breastfeeding issues among a larger sample of women who develop hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
Randomised controlled trial of a theory-based behavioural intervention to reduce formula milk intake.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the efficacy of a theory-based behavioural intervention to prevent rapid weight gain in formula milk-fed infants., DESIGN: In this single (assessor) blind, randomised controlled trial, 669 healthy full-term infants receiving formula milk within 14 weeks of birth were individually randomised to intervention (n=340) or attention-matched control (n=329) groups. The intervention aimed to reduce formula milk intakes, and promote responsive feeding and growth monitoring to prevent rapid weight gain (>=+0.67 SD scores (SDS)). It was delivered to mothers by trained facilitators up to infant age 6 months through three face-to-face contacts, two telephone contacts and written materials., RESULTS: Retention was 93% (622) at 6 months, 88% (586) at 12 months and 94% attended >=4/5 sessions. The intervention strengthened maternal attitudes to following infant feeding recommendations, reduced reported milk intakes at ages 3 (-14%; intervention vs control infants), 4 (-12%), 5 (-9%) and 6 (-7%) months, slowed initial infant weight gain from baseline to 6 months (mean change 0.32 vs 0.42 SDS, baseline-adjusted difference (intervention vs control) -0.08 (95% CI -0.17 to -0.004) SDS), but had no effect on the primary outcome of weight gain to 12 months (baseline-adjusted difference -0.04 (-0.17, 0.10) SDS). By 12 months, 40.3% of infants in the intervention group and 45.9% in the control group showed rapid weight gain (OR 0.84, 95% CI 0.59 to 1.17)., CONCLUSIONS: Despite reducing milk intakes and initial weight gain, the intervention did not alter the high prevalence of rapid weight gain to age 12 months suggesting the need for sustained intervention., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ISRCTN20814693. Copyright © Article author(s) (or their employer(s) unless otherwise stated in the text of the article) 2018. All rights reserved. No commercial use is permitted unless otherwise expressly granted.
Replacement of glycaemic carbohydrates by inulin-type fructans from chicory (oligofructose, inulin) reduces the postprandial blood glucose and insulin response to foods: report of two double-blind, randomized, controlled trials.; PURPOSE: Inulin-type fructans are recognized as prebiotic dietary fibres and classified as non-digestible carbohydrates that do not contribute to glycaemia. The aim of the present studies was to investigate the glycaemic response (GR) and insulinaemic response (IR) to foods in which sucrose was partially replaced by inulin or oligofructose from chicory., METHODS: In a double-blind, randomized, controlled cross-over design, 40-42 healthy adults consumed a yogurt drink containing oligofructose or fruit jelly containing inulin and the respective full-sugar variants. Capillary blood glucose and insulin were measured in fasted participants and at 15, 30, 45, 60, 90, and 120 min after starting to drink/eat. For each test food, the incremental area under the curve (iAUC) for glucose and insulin was calculated and the GR and IR determined., RESULTS: Consumption of a yogurt drink with oligofructose which was 20% reduced in sugars significantly lowered the glycaemic response compared to the full-sugar reference (iAUC120min 31.9 and 37.3 mmol/L/min, respectively; p < 0.05). A fruit jelly made with inulin and containing 30% less sugars than the full-sugar variant likewise resulted in a significantly reduced blood glucose response (iAUC120min 53.7 and 63.7 mmol/L/min, respectively; p < 0.05). In both studies, the postprandial insulin response was lowered in parallel (p < 0.05). The reduction of postprandial glycaemia was positively correlated to the proportion of sugars replaced by inulin-type fructans (p < 0.001)., CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, the studies confirmed that substitution of glycaemic sugars by inulin or oligofructose from chicory may be an effective strategy to reduce the postprandial blood glucose response to foods.
Enteral lactoferrin to prevent infection for very preterm infants: the ELFIN RCT.; BACKGROUND: Infections acquired in hospital are an important cause of morbidity and mortality in very preterm infants. Several small trials have suggested that supplementing the enteral diet of very preterm infants with lactoferrin, an antimicrobial protein processed from cow's milk, prevents infections and associated complications., OBJECTIVE: To determine whether or not enteral supplementation with bovine lactoferrin (The Tatua Cooperative Dairy Company Ltd, Morrinsville, New Zealand) reduces the risk of late-onset infection (acquired > 72 hours after birth) and other morbidity and mortality in very preterm infants., DESIGN: Randomised, placebo-controlled, parallel-group trial. Randomisation was via a web-based portal and used an algorithm that minimised for recruitment site, weeks of gestation, sex and single versus multiple births., SETTING: UK neonatal units between May 2014 and September 2017., PARTICIPANTS: Infants born at < 32 weeks' gestation and aged < 72 hours at trial enrolment., INTERVENTIONS: Eligible infants were allocated individually (1 : 1 ratio) to receive enteral bovine lactoferrin (150 mg/kg/day; maximum 300 mg/day) or sucrose (British Sugar, Peterborough, UK) placebo (same dose) once daily from trial entry until a postmenstrual age of 34 weeks. Parents, caregivers and outcome assessors were unaware of group assignment., OUTCOMES: Primary outcome - microbiologically confirmed or clinically suspected late-onset infection. Secondary outcomes - microbiologically confirmed infection; all-cause mortality; severe necrotising enterocolitis (NEC); retinopathy of prematurity (ROP); bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD); a composite of infection, NEC, ROP, BPD and mortality; days of receipt of antimicrobials until 34 weeks' postmenstrual age; length of stay in hospital; and length of stay in intensive care, high-dependency and special-care settings., RESULTS: Of 2203 enrolled infants, primary outcome data were available for 2182 infants (99%). In the intervention group, 316 out of 1093 (28.9%) infants acquired a late-onset infection versus 334 out of 1089 (30.7%) infants in the control group [adjusted risk ratio (RR) 0.95, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.86 to 1.04]. There were no significant differences in any secondary outcomes: microbiologically confirmed infection (RR 1.05, 99% CI 0.87 to 1.26), mortality (RR 1.05, 99% CI 0.66 to 1.68), NEC (RR 1.13, 99% CI 0.68 to 1.89), ROP (RR 0.89, 99% CI 0.62 to 1.28), BPD (RR 1.01, 99% CI 0.90 to 1.13), or a composite of infection, NEC, ROP, BPD and mortality (RR 1.01, 99% CI 0.94 to 1.08). There were no differences in the number of days of receipt of antimicrobials, length of stay in hospital, or length of stay in intensive care, high-dependency or special-care settings. There were 16 reports of serious adverse events for infants in the lactoferrin group and 10 for infants in the sucrose group., CONCLUSIONS: Enteral supplementation with bovine lactoferrin does not reduce the incidence of infection, mortality or other morbidity in very preterm infants., FUTURE WORK: Increase the precision of the estimates of effect on rarer secondary outcomes by combining the data in a meta-analysis with data from other trials. A mechanistic study is being conducted in a subgroup of trial participants to explore whether or not lactoferrin supplementation affects the intestinal microbiome and metabolite profile of very preterm infants., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN88261002., FUNDING: This project was funded by the National Institute for Health Research (NIHR) Health Technology Assessment programme and will be published in full in Health Technology Assessment; Vol. 22, No. 74. See the NIHR Journals Library website for further project information. This trial was also sponsored by the University of Oxford, Oxford, UK. The funder provided advice and support and monitored study progress but did not have a role in study design or data collection, analysis and interpretation.
Structured diet and exercise guidance in pregnancy to improve health in women and their offspring: study protocol for the Be Healthy in Pregnancy (BHIP) randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Evidence from epidemiological and animal studies support the concept of programming fetal, neonatal, and adult health in response to in utero exposures such as maternal obesity and lifestyle variables. Excess gestational weight gain (GWG), maternal physical activity, and sub-optimal and excess nutrition during pregnancy may program the offspring's risk of obesity. Maternal intake of dairy foods rich in high-quality proteins, calcium, and vitamin D may influence later bone health status. Current clinical practice guidelines for managing GWG are not founded on randomized trials and lack specific "active intervention ingredients." The Be Healthy in Pregnancy (BHIP) study is a randomized controlled trial (RCT) designed to test the effectiveness of a novel structured and monitored Nutrition + Exercise intervention in pregnant women of all pre-pregnancy weight categories (except extreme obesity), delivered through prenatal care in community settings (rather than in hospital settings), on the likelihood of women achieving recommended GWG and a benefit to bone status of offspring and mother at birth and six months postpartum., METHODS: The BHIP study is a two-site RCT that will recruit up to 242 participants aged > 18 years at 12-17 weeks of gestation. After baseline measures, participants are randomized to either a structured and monitored Nutrition + Exercise (intervention) or usual care (control) program for the duration of their pregnancy. The primary outcome of the study is the percent of women who achieve GWG within the Institute of Medicine (IOM) guidelines. The secondary outcomes include: (1) maternal bone status via blood bone biomarkers during pregnancy; (2) infant bone status in cord blood; (3) mother and infant bone status measured by dual-energy absorptiometry scanning (DXA scan) at six months postpartum; (4) other measures including maternal blood pressure, blood glucose and lipid profiles, % body fat, and postpartum weight retention; and (5) infant weight z-scores and fat mass at six months of age., DISCUSSION: If effective, this RCT will generate high-quality evidence to refine the nutrition guidelines during pregnancy to improve the likelihood of women achieving recommended GWG. It will also demonstrate the importance of early nutrition on bone health in the offspring., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT01689961 Registered on 21 September 2012.
Effect of Topical Anesthetic Cream on Pain During Periareolar Injection of Technetium Tc99m Sulfur Colloid for Sentinel Lymph Node Biopsy in Breast Cancer: A Randomized Control Trial.; BACKGROUND: Injection of Tc99m to localize nodes for sentinel lymph node biopsy is reported by patients as very painful. The purpose of this study was to determine if anesthetic cream reduces pain associated with periareolar injection of Tc99m and to help elucidate conflicting literature regarding the efficacy of anesthetic cream for this procedure., METHODS: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled methodology was used for adult females with breast cancer undergoing periareolar injection of Tc99m for sentinel lymph node biopsy. Pain levels were compared using anesthetic cream (2.5% lidocaine/2.5% prilocaine) vs. placebo. Patient exclusion criteria included use of opioids or adjuvant pain medication or injecting Tc99m the day before surgery. The Numerical Rating Scale was used to assess pain levels immediately after the injections., RESULTS: Comparing 23 experimental and 26 control patients, there was no significant difference between the experimental (median = 4) and the control group (median = 5) on level of pain experienced U= 0.492, P > .05., CONCLUSIONS: The experimental group had a slightly lower median pain score; however, there was no statistically significant difference between those who used the cream compared with those who used a placebo, supporting the conclusion that anesthetic cream does not reduce pain during Tc99m injections. This study adds to the current literature to provide a stronger position that there is no benefit to using anesthetic cream for this procedure. Copyright © 2018 Canadian Association of Medical Radiation Technologists. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Randomized, double blind placebo-controlled pilot study of the antihypertensive effects of Grana Padano D.O.P. cheese consumption in mild - moderate hypertensive subjects.; OBJECTIVE: Grana Padano, an Italian protected designation of origin (PDO) semi-fat cheese, undergoes a long ripening period during which the proteolysis carried out by natural starter lactic acid bacteria releases peptides having sustained angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE)-inhibitory activity. The length (generally 3-8 amino acid residues) and the sequence of these peptides are responsible for their ability to elicit ACE-inhibitory activity. The aim of this study has been the evaluation of the effect of a daily dietary supplement consisting in a small amount (30 g/day) of Grana Padano cheese, in terms of the lowering of the blood pressure (BP) of mild-moderate hypertensive subjects., PATIENTS AND METHODS: Thirty mild-moderate hypertensive patients, with BP values not on target (> 140 and/or > 90 mmHg) after at least 3 months of stable treatment were considered in this randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled cross-over study. All patients randomly received a dietary integration (30 g/day) of Grana Padano cheese or a placebo (made from flavored grated bread mixed with fats and salts in concentrations equal to those of the cheese). BP was evaluated at baseline and at the end of the active and placebo treatments (2 months each) by: - Office BP (OBP); - Automated Office BP (AOBP) using the BpTRU R, an automated oscillometric device that provides the average of multiple (n=6) blood pressure measurements; - Ambulatory Blood Pressure (ABP) 24 hour monitoring., RESULTS: Dietary integration with Grana Padano cheese resulted in a significant decrease in Office, Automated Office and Ambulatory BP. The mean decrease (vs. placebo) for 24-hour ABP was -3.5 mmHg for systolic and -2.4 mmHg for diastolic BP (p = 0.0063 and p = 0.0065, respectively)., CONCLUSIONS: Daily dietary integration with 30 g of Grana Padano DOP cheese effectively reduces BP and may help mild-to-moderate hypertensive patients to reach a target BP.
Animal and management factors associated with weight gain in dairy calves and heifers on smallholder dairy farms in Kenya.; Calf growth is an important determinant of dairy herd productivity, particularly in countries where the dairy industry is expanding, such as Kenya. Our objective was to determine factors associated with weight gain in randomly selected dairy calves and heifers in smallholder dairy farms (SDF) in Kenya. A cross-sectional study on a census of 321 calves and heifers (dairy calves and heifers up to 36 months of age), sampled from 200 randomly selected SDF in Naari, Kenya, formed the study population. Youngstock management was recorded using a questionnaire. Biodata were obtained through subsequent physical examination and heart girth measurement. Descriptive statistical analyses were conducted, and mixed model regression was used for identification of factors associated (p < 0.05) with the natural log transformation of estimated average daily weight gain (ADG). Median and mean ADG of the youngstock were 360 and 443 (s.d. = 375) g day-1, respectively. In the final model, ADG was highest in pre-weaned calves and declined with age. Supplementing with quality hay during the dry season at least weekly was associated with increased ADG. There was an interaction between breed and historical disease on ADG such that disease was associated with decreased ADG in Bos taurus breeds, while ADG in Bos indicus breeds was not affected by disease. There was a significant interaction between education levels of the husband and wife caretakers; when the man's education was low (having less than or equal to primary school), ADG was highest when the woman had not completed primary school, but was lower when the woman had completed primary, secondary or tertiary education, possibly because such women worked off-farm more often. General growth performance of animals on these farms was lower than benchmarked standards recommended for optimum dairy production but within previously reported ranges for the East African region. Supplementation of diets (with hay and/or concentrates) is recommended for optimum growth in calves and heifers, especially in the dry season. If nutritional management of Bos taurus youngstock is not improved, crosses of Bos indicus could be better suited for the current nutritional management systems in SDF in Meru having calf disease problems. Interventions to support educating women (the primary caretakers of the cattle) and men in the community on calf management should be initiated, preferably with shared on-farm responsibilities. Training in better management, even for learned farmers, would be critical to better calf growth. Copyright © 2018 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effect of adding milk to black tea on vascular function in healthy men and women: a randomised controlled crossover trial.; BACKGROUND: Tea consumption may improve endothelial function and blood pressure via increased bioavailability and bioactivity of nitric oxide. However, questions remain as to the impact of the common practice of adding milk., OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of regular consumption of black tea, with and without milk, on vascular function and blood pressure in healthy volunteers., DESIGN: A randomised, controlled, crossover study was performed in 17 healthy volunteers; 7 men and 10 women, mean age 22.4 +/- 3.0 years. Participants received each of the following treatments in random order for 4 weeks, with no washout period in between, (i) hot water, (ii) black tea and (iii) black tea with milk. Vascular function was assessed using flow-mediated dilatation (FMD) of the brachial artery at the end of each treatment period. In addition, participants monitored their home blood pressure for the last 7 days of each treatment period. A blood and urine sample was also collected at the end of each treatment period., RESULTS: Black tea increased FMD compared to the hot water control group (1.00 +/- 0.18%, P < 0.0001). Black tea with milk decreased FMD compared to both the hot water control (-0.64 +/- 0.19%, P = 0.001) and black tea (-1.64 +/- 0.19%, P < 0.0001). Compared with hot water, black tea did not alter blood pressure, while black tea with milk increased systolic (1.1 +/- 0.5 mmHg, P = 0.03) and diastolic blood pressure (2.0 +/- 0.5 mmHg, P < 0.0001). Black tea (-1.8 +/- 0.5 bpm, P < 0.001) and black tea with milk (-1.8 +/- 0.6 bpm, P < 0.001) lowered heart rate compared to hot water. No significant difference for plasma nitrate or nitrite was observed between treatment groups., CONCLUSIONS: The addition of milk to black tea alters the acute/short-term impact of regular tea consumption on vascular function and blood pressure in young healthy men and women. The exact mechanism for this affect remains unknown and longer-term trials to establish this effect in a range of populations are warranted.
A Mediterranean diet supplemented with dairy foods improves markers of cardiovascular risk: results from the MedDairy randomized controlled trial.; Background: The Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) offers benefits to cardiovascular health but may not meet Western recommendations for calcium and dairy intake, which could impede long-term adoption., Objective: The current study aimed to determine the effect of a MedDiet supplemented with dairy foods on cardiovascular risk factors., Design: A randomized, controlled, crossover design compared a MedDiet with 3-4 daily servings of dairy (MedDairy) and a low-fat (LF) control diet. Forty-one participants aged >=45 y and at risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) were randomly allocated to their first intervention, either the MedDairy or LF diet. Participants followed each intervention for 8 wk, and an 8-wk washout period separated interventions. The primary outcome was home-measured systolic blood pressure (SBP) assessed in the morning, afternoon, and evening. Secondary outcomes included clinic-measured blood pressure (morning), body composition, blood lipids, C-reactive protein (CRP), plasma glucose, serum insulin, and the Framingham Risk Score., Results: Compared with the LF intervention, the MedDairy intervention resulted in a significantly lower morning SBP (mean difference: -1.6 mm Hg; 95% CI: -2.8, -0.4 mm Hg; P = 0.01), lower morning diastolic blood pressure (mean difference: -1.0; 95% CI: -1.7, -0.2 mm Hg; P = 0.01) and clinic SBP (mean difference: -3.5 mm Hg; 95% CI: -6.4, -0.7 mm Hg; P = 0.02), significantly higher HDL cholesterol (mean difference: 0.04 mmol/L; 95% CI: 0.01, 0.06 mmol/L; P < 0.01), lower triglycerides (mean difference: = -0.05 mmol/L; 95% CI: -0.08, -0.01 mmol/L; P < 0.01), and lower ratio of total to HDL cholesterol (mean difference: -0.4; 95% CI: -0.6, -0.2; P < 0.001). No effects were observed for other outcome measures., Conclusions: Following a MedDiet with additional dairy foods led to significant changes in markers of cardiovascular risk over 8 wk. The MedDiet supplemented with dairy may be appropriate for an improvement in cardiovascular risk factors in a population at risk of CVD. This trial was registered at anzctr.org.au as ACTRN12616000309482.
Milk Powder Co-Supplemented with Inulin and Resistant Dextrin Improves Glycemic Control and Insulin Resistance in Elderly Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A 12-Week Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial.; SCOPE: The objective of the present study is to evaluate the effects of milk powder co-supplemented with inulin and resistant dextrin (MPCIR) on elderly patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM)., METHODS AND RESULTS: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial is carried out among elderly T2DM patients. The subjects recruited from the community are randomly assigned to either the MPCIR group or placebo group for 12 weeks intervention. Each group receives 45 g milk powder with or without inulin and resistant dextrin. Anthropometric and metabolic variables are measured. For the MPCIR group, systolic blood pressure (BP) and diastolic BP are reduced significantly by 5.45 and 4.56 mm Hg (p < 0.001, vs placebo group), respectively. Compared with the placebo group, the fasting and 2-h postprandial plasma glucose levels, glycosylated serum protein, and insulin resistance index of the MPCIR group are significantly decreased by 0.96 mmol L-1 , 1.47 mmol L-1 , 16.33 mumol L-1 , and 0.65 respectively (p < 0.001). The MPCIR group shows an increase by 7.09 muIU mL-1 and 20.43 in 2-h postprandial insulin (p = 0.016) and beta-cell function index (p < 0.001), respectively., CONCLUSION: MPCIR supplementation helps to improve glycemic control, insulin resistance, and blood pressure. Copyright © 2018 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim.
Altered Dairy Protein Intake Does Not Alter Circulatory Branched Chain Amino Acids in Healthy Adults: A Randomized Controlled Trial.; Dairy, as a major component of a high protein diet, is a critical dietary source of branched chain amino acids (BCAA), which are biomarkers of health and diseases. While BCAA are known to be key stimulators of protein synthesis, elevated circulatory BCAA is an independent risk factor for type 2 diabetes mellitus. This study examined the impact of altered dairy intake on plasma BCAA and their potential relationship to insulin sensitivity. Healthy adults (n = 102) were randomized to receive dietary advice to reduce, maintain, or increase habitual dairy intake for 1 month. Food intake was recorded with food frequency questionnaires. Self-reported protein intake from dairy was reported to be reduced (-14.6 +/- 3.0 g/day), maintained (-4.0 +/- 2.0 g/day) or increased (+13.8 +/- 4.1 g/day) according to group allocation. No significant alterations in circulating free amino acids (AA), including BCAA, were measured. Insulin sensitivity, as assessed by homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), was also unaltered. A significant change in dairy protein intake showed no significant effect on fasting circulatory BCAA and insulin sensitivity in healthy populations.
The Role of Vitamin D in Fertility and during Pregnancy and Lactation: A Review of Clinical Data.; Vitamin D deficiency is common and there exists a huge gap between recommended dietary vitamin D intakes and the poor vitamin D supply in the general population. While vitamin D is important for musculoskeletal health, there are accumulating data suggesting that vitamin D may also be important for fertility, pregnancy outcomes and lactation. Significant changes in vitamin D metabolism during pregnancy such as increased production of the "active vitamin D hormone" calcitriol support the important role of vitamin D in this setting. Observational studies show that vitamin D deficiency is a risk marker for reduced fertility and various adverse pregnancy outcomes and is associated with a low vitamin D content of breast milk. Meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) document that physiological vitamin D supplementation during pregnancy is safe and improves vitamin D and calcium status, thereby protecting skeletal health. Although certain RCTs and/or meta-analyses reported some other beneficial effects, it is still not clear whether vitamin D supplementation improves fertility or decreases the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes such as low birth weight, pre-eclampsia and neonatal mortality, or reduces wheeze/asthma in the infants. Nevertheless, vitamin D supplementation in pregnant women is frequently required to achieve a sufficient vitamin D status as recommended by nutritional vitamin D guidelines. In this review, we provide an overview of systematic reviews, meta-analyses and large trials reporting clinical data on the role of vitamin D for fertility, pregnancy and lactation.
Investigation of dose-dependent effects of fat on blood glucose, serum insulin, and appetite sensation.; Humans have a high preference for fat, and its excessive intake leads to obesity. This study aimed to investigate the effects of dose-dependent fat intake on biological responses and postprandial appetite sensation in healthy adult subjects. Age and body mass index were 29 +/- 1 years and 21.1 +/- 0.4 kg/m2, respectively. We conducted a randomized, crossover trial and measured laboratory data and appetite sensation via the visual analog scale. Each participant was provided with four different test meals. They consisted of common, basic foods and contained 75 g liquid glucose and 4 slices of crackers to which 0 g butter (control), 10 g butter (B10), 20 g butter (B20), and 40 g butter (B40) were added, respectively. The results indicated that single ingestion of butter did not influence laboratory values of glucose, insulin, glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP), total bile acids, or high-sensitivity CRP (hs-CRP). Regarding postprandial appetite sensation, appetite ratings for fullness were the highest after the B40 meal (p < 0.05);however, satisfaction ratings were not significantly different after the ingestion of this meal. Ratings were significantly different after the B20 meal. In conclusion, healthy adult subjects experienced fullness and satisfaction after ingesting 20-40 g of butter. J. Med. Invest. 65:203-207, August, 2018.
Intravaginal Testosterone Improves Sexual Satisfaction and Vaginal Symptoms Associated With Aromatase Inhibitors.; Context: Intravaginal testosterone (IVT) is a potential treatment of vulvovaginal atrophy (VVA) associated with aromatase inhibitor (AI) use., Objective: To investigate the effects of IVT on sexual satisfaction, vaginal symptoms, and urinary incontinence (UI) associated with AI use., Design: Double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial., Setting: Academic clinical research center., Participants: Postmenopausal women taking an AI with VVA symptoms., Intervention: IVT cream (300 mug per dose) or identical placebo, self-administered daily for 2 weeks and then thrice weekly for 24 weeks., Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary outcome was the change in the sexual satisfaction score on the Female Sexual Function Index (FSFI). Secondary outcomes included vaginal symptoms and responses to the Profile of Female Sexual Function, the Female Sexual Distress Scale-Revised (FSDS-R), and the Questionnaire for UI Diagnosis. Serum sex steroids were measured., Results: A total of 44 women were randomly assigned and 37 provided evaluable data, (mean age 56.4 years, SD 8.8 years). At 26 weeks, the mean between-group difference in the baseline-adjusted change in FSFI satisfaction scores was significantly greater for the IVT group than the placebo group (mean difference 0.73 units; 95% CI, 0.02 to 1.43; P = 0.043). IVT cream resulted in significant improvements, compared with placebo, in FSDS-R scores (P = 0.02), sexual concerns (P < 0.001), sexual responsiveness (P < 0.001), vaginal dryness (P = 0.009), and dyspareunia (P = 0.014). Serum sex steroid levels did not change. Few women had UI symptoms, with no treatment effect., Conclusion: IVT significantly improved sexual satisfaction and reduced dyspareunia in postmenopausal women on AI therapy. The low reporting of UI among women on AI therapy merits further investigation.
Dietary Intervention to Increase Fruit and Vegetable Consumption in Breastfeeding Women: A Pilot Randomized Trial Measuring Inflammatory Markers in Breast Milk.; BACKGROUND: Diets rich in fruits and vegetables (F/V) can reduce the inflammatory profile of circulating cytokines and potentially decrease the risk of breast cancer. However, the extent to which a diet rich in F/V alters cytokine levels in breast tissue remains largely unknown. Breast milk provides a means of assessing concentrations of secreted cytokines in the breast microenvironment and is a potential tool for studying the effects of diet on inflammation in breast tissue and breast cancer risk., OBJECTIVE: The aim of this pilot randomized trial was to test the feasibility of increasing F/V intake in breastfeeding women and of measuring changes in markers of inflammation in breast milk., DESIGN AND INTERVENTION: Participants randomized to the intervention (n=5) were provided weekly boxes of F/V, along with dietary counseling, to increase consumption of F/V to 8 to 10 daily servings for 12 consecutive weeks. Controls (n=5) were directed to the US Department of Agriculture's "ChooseMyPlate" diet for pregnancy and breastfeeding., PARTICIPANTS/SETTING: Ten breastfeeding women consuming fewer than five servings of F/V per day, as estimated by the National Institutes of Health "All-Day" Fruit and Vegetable Screener (F/V Screener), were recruited through flyers and a lactation consultant between February and May 2016 in the Western Massachusetts area., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Baseline demographic and F/V intake data were collected during enrollment. At week 1 and week 13 (final) home visits, participants provided milk samples and anthropometric measurements were recorded. Participants completed F/V screeners at baseline and at study end. Adiponectin, leptin, C-reactive protein, and 11 additional cytokines were measured in breast milk collected at weeks 1 and 13., STATISTICAL ANALYSES: F/V consumption at baseline and after the final visit, and between controls and intervention groups, was compared with dependent and independent t tests, respectively. Differences between cytokine levels at weeks 1 and 13 were assessed with a mixed-effects repeated-measures model., RESULTS: All women in the intervention increased F/V intake and were consuming more servings than controls by week 13; daily serving of F/V at baseline and final visit: controls=1.6 and 2.0, diet=2.6 and 9.9. Most cytokines were detected in the majority of milk samples: 12 were detected in 90% to 100% of samples, one was detected in 75% of samples, and one was detected in 7.5% of samples; coefficients of variation were below 14% for 11 of the cytokines., CONCLUSIONS: These preliminary findings indicate that it is feasible to significantly increase F/V intake in breastfeeding women and provide support for conducting a larger diet intervention study in breastfeeding women, in which longer-term benefits of the intervention are assessed. Copyright © 2018 Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A positive impact on the serum lipid profile and cytokines after the consumption of a plant sterol-enriched beverage with a milk fat globule membrane: a clinical study.; The hypocholesterolemic effect and the modification of serum biomarkers of a dietary plant sterol (PS) intake, cholesterol precursors and cytokines after the consumption of milk-based fruit beverages with a milk fat globule membrane were evaluated by a randomized, double-blind, crossover, multiple dose bioavailability study. Postmenopausal women (n = 38) consumed daily 250 mL of a beverage with or without 2 g of PS added during 6 weeks in each of the study periods. With the intake of the PS-added beverage, significant decreases (mg dL-1) in serum total cholesterol (pre-treatment: 220.0 +/- 27.8 vs. post-treatment: 212.9 +/- 25.8; p < 0.05) and LDL-cholesterol (129.4 +/- 28.5 vs. 121.7 +/- 24.4; p < 0.05) were detected. The cholesterol precursor lathosterol (11.2%), markers of the dietary PS intake (campesterol 43.1% and beta-sitosterol 32.5%), and anti-inflammatory IL-10 cytokine (22.5%) increased significantly, with a concomitant significant reduction in pro-inflammatory IL-1beta (6.7%). No variations in HDL-cholesterol, other sterols (desmosterol and stigmasterol) or cytokines (IL-6, IL-8, IL-12p70 and TNF-alpha) were detected. These results indicated that this kind of PS-enriched milk-based fruit beverage is suitable during the period of clinical intervention, and its consumption may be an adequate way to improve PS functionality since a significant reduction in cholesterol levels has been observed. Therefore, the intake of this beverage could contribute to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease also obtaining a beneficial effect on the serum inflammatory status in postmenopausal women.
Effect of Whey Protein Supplementation on Physical Performance and Body Composition in Army Initial Entry Training Soldiers.; We investigated the effects of whey protein (WP) supplementation on body composition and physical performance in soldiers participating in Army Initial Entry Training (IET). Sixty-nine, male United States Army soldiers volunteered for supplementation with either twice daily whey protein (WP, 77 g/day protein, ~580 kcal/day; n = 34, age = 19 +/- 1 year, height = 173 +/- 6 cm, weight = 73.4 +/- 12.7 kg) or energy-matched carbohydrate (CHO) drinks (CHO, 127 g/day carbohydrate, ~580 kcal/day; n = 35, age = 19 +/- 1 year, height = 173 +/- 5 cm, weight = 72.3 +/- 10.9 kg) for eight weeks during IET. Physical performance was evaluated using the Army Physical Fitness Test during weeks two and eight. Body composition was assessed using 7-site skinfold assessment during weeks one and nine. Post-testing push-up performance averaged 7 repetitions higher in the WP compared to the CHO group (F = 10.1, p < 0.001) when controlling for baseline. There was a significant decrease in fat mass at post-training (F = 4.63, p = 0.04), but no significant change in run performance (F = 3.50, p = 0.065) or fat-free mass (F = 0.70, p = 0.41). Effect sizes for fat-free mass gains were large for both the WP (Cohen's d = 0.44) and CHO (Cohen's d = 0.42) groups. WP had a large effect on fat mass (FM) loss (Cohen's d = -0.67), while CHO had a medium effect (Cohen's d = -0.40). Twice daily supplementation with WP improved push-up performance and potentiated reductions in fat mass during IET training in comparison to CHO supplementation.
Improved Outcomes in Preterm Infants Fed a Nonacidified Liquid Human Milk Fortifier: A Prospective Randomized Clinical Trial.; OBJECTIVE: To compare growth, feeding tolerance, and clinical and biochemical evaluations in human milk-fed preterm infants randomized to receive either an acidified or a nonacidified liquid human milk fortifier., STUDY DESIGN: This prospective, controlled, parallel, multicenter growth and tolerance study included 164 preterm infants (<=32 weeks of gestation, birth weight 700-1500 g) who were randomized to acidified or nonacidified liquid human milk fortifier from study day 1, the first day of fortification, through study day 29 or until hospital discharge., RESULTS: There was no difference in the primary outcome of weight gain from study days 1 to 29 (acidified liquid human milk fortifier, 16.4 +/- 0.4 g/kg/day; nonacidified liquid human milk fortifier, 16.9 +/- 0.4 g/kg/day). However, in both the intention-to-treat and the protocol evaluable analyses, infants fed nonacidified liquid human milk fortifier had significantly greater weight gain from study days 1 to 15 (17.9 g/kg/day vs 15.2 g/kg/day; P = .001). Infants fed with acidified liquid human milk fortifier received more protein (4.26 vs g/kg/day 4.11 g/kg/day, P = .0099) yet had lower blood urea nitrogen values (P = .010). The group fed acidified liquid human milk fortifier had more vomiting (10.3% vs 2.4%; P = .018), gastric residuals (12.8% vs 3.7%; P = .022), and metabolic acidosis (27% vs 5%; P < .001) in the intention-to-treat analysis and more abdominal distension (14.0% vs 1.7%; P = .015) in the protocol evaluable analysis., CONCLUSIONS: Infants fed an acidified liquid human milk fortifier had higher rates of metabolic acidosis and poor feeding tolerance compared with infants fed a nonacidified liquid human milk fortifier. Initial weight gain was poorer with the acidified liquid human milk fortifier., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT02307760. Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Short communication: Daily intake of 125 g of cheese for 2 weeks did not alter amount or distribution of serum lipids or desaturase indexes in healthy adults in an exploratory pilot study.; Regular cheese contains saturated fat, consumption of which may negatively influence the amount of serum lipids. The American Dietary Guidelines (https://health.gov/dietaryguidelines/2015/guidelines/) recommend consumption of low-fat food. However, we observed a negative association between cheese intake and serum triglycerides and a positive association with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Cheese intake was also inversely related to metabolic syndrome and blunted the harmful association of intake of soft drinks with serum lipids. Cheese contains calcium and factors that may inhibit desaturases, thereby partly explaining why cheese might not have negative effects on serum lipids. Thus, opposing forces seem to govern the cheese effect but will any of these prevail? In an exploratory pilot study, 17 healthy subjects participated in a 4-wk crossover trial without washout. During the first 2 wk, 9 subjects were randomly assigned to add 125 g/d of regular cheese to their habitual diet. After 2 wk, cheese intake was discontinued and the subjects were instructed to return to their habitual diet. The other 8 subjects followed their habitual diet during the first 2 wk, and then added 125 g/d of cheese for the next 2 wk. Mean values (mmol/L) before and after 2 wk on habitual (cheese) diet were as follows: serum triglycerides: 0.91 (0.89) and 0.95 (0.91); total cholesterol: 5.25 (5.16) and 5.08 (5.24); low-density lipoprotein cholesterol: 3.18 (3.17) and 3.09 (3.22); and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol: 1.71 (1.64) and 1.61 (1.66). The fatty acid pattern in total serum lipids and desaturase indexes did not change significantly in response to high cheese intake. Thus, an appreciable increase in daily cheese intake for 2 wk may not alter concentrations of serum lipids, estimates of desaturases, or the distribution of serum fatty acids. Copyright © 2018 American Dairy Science Association. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of milk protein intake and casein-to-whey ratio in breakfast meals on postprandial glucose, satiety ratings, and subsequent meal intake.; Whey and casein proteins differentially affect postprandial blood glucose and satiety mechanisms, with relevance for type 2 diabetes and obesity. Therefore, the purpose of this work was to investigate the effect of the casein-to-whey protein ratio and total protein concentration of milks consumed with cereal on postprandial blood glucose, appetite ratings, and subsequent food intake in a randomized, controlled, double-blinded study with healthy young adults (n = 32, 23.4 +/- 3.1 yr, body mass index = 22.2 +/- 2.5 kg/m2). Fasted participants consumed milk (250 mL) with either 80:20 or 40:60 (modified) casein-to-whey protein ratios at commercially normal (3.1%, wt) or high protein (9.3%, wt) concentration, or control (water with whey permeate), each along with 2 servings of oat-based breakfast cereal. Blood glucose concentrations were determined from finger prick blood samples and appetite was assessed using visual analog scales. Participants consumed a measured ad libitum pizza lunch at 120 min and blood glucose determination and appetite assessment continued following the lunch meal (140-200 min) to observe the second meal effect. Pre-lunch (0-120 min) incremental area under the curve (iAUC) and mean change from baseline blood glucose were reduced with consumption of all milk treatments relative to control. However, we found no differences between all treatments on pre-lunch appetite change from baseline and total area under the curve (tAUC) or lunch meal food intake. In terms of protein concentration results, high protein (9.3%, wt) treatments contrasted to normal protein (3.1%, wt) treatments lowered blood glucose change from baseline and iAUC, and post-lunch appetite change from baseline and tAUC. Protein ratio showed a modest effect in that modified (40:60) protein ratio lowered pre-lunch blood glucose change from baseline but not iAUC, and normal (80:20) protein ratio lowered pre-lunch appetite change from baseline but not tAUC. Therefore, high-carbohydrate breakfast meals with increased protein concentration (9.3%, wt) could be a dietary strategy for the attenuation of blood glucose and improved satiety ratings after the second meal. Copyright © 2018 American Dairy Science Association. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Tolerance of preterm formula versus pasteurized donor human milk in very preterm infants: a randomized non-inferiority trial.; BACKGROUND: Human milk (HM) is the best feeding for premature infants. When own mother's milk (OMM) is insufficient or unavailable, pasteurized donor human milk (PDHM) and preterm formula (PF) are the alternative nutritional sources, but the benefits of donor milk over formula are not defined. This study aimed to assess whether, in the absence of OMM, the PF could guarantee a feeding tolerance not inferior to that seen with the use of PDHM during the first two weeks of life of very preterm infants., METHODS: Infants with gestational age (GA) of <=32 weeks who started enteral feeding within the first 7 days of life were randomized to receive PDHM or PF as a supplement to the OMM insufficient or unavailable. The primary outcome was the day of life when full enteral feeding (FEF) of 150 mL/Kg/d was achieved., RESULTS: Seventy infants were randomized, 35 in the PF group (GA 30.2 +/- 1.7 weeks; BW 1342 +/- 275 g), 35 in the PDHM group (GA 30 +/- 1.9 weeks; BW 1365 +/- 332 g). The time to achieve FEF was the same for infants fed with PF and for infants fed with PDHM (12.3 +/- 7.0 days vs 12.8 +/- 6.5)., CONCLUSIONS: This trial shows that PF could be a valid alternative for the early feeding of very preterm infants when OMM is insufficient or unavailable., TRIAL REGISTRATION: UMIN000013922 . Date of formal registration: December 31, 2014.
Dairy matrix effects: response to consumption of dairy fat differs when eaten within the cheese matrix-a randomized controlled trial.; Background: Dairy fat consumed as cheese has different effects on blood lipids than that consumed as butter. It is unknown whether the effect is specific to fat interaction with other cheese nutrients (calcium, casein proteins), or to the cheese matrix itself., Objective: We aimed to test the effect of 6 wk daily consumption of ~40 g dairy fat, eaten within macronutrient-matched food matrices, on markers of metabolic health, in overweight adults aged >=50 y., Design: The study was a 6-wk randomized parallel intervention; 164 volunteers (75 men) received ~40 g of dairy fat/d, in 1 of 4 treatments: (A) 120 g full-fat Irish cheddar cheese (FFCC) (n = 46); (B) 120 g reduced-fat Irish cheddar cheese + butter (21 g) (RFC + B) (n = 45); (C) butter (49 g), calcium caseinate powder (30 g), and Ca supplement (CaCO3) (500 mg) (BCC) (n = 42); or (D) 120 g FFCC, for 6 wk (as per A) (n = 31). Group D first completed a 6-wk "run-in" period, where they excluded all dietary cheese before commencing the intervention., Results: There was no difference in anthropometry, fasting glucose, or insulin between the groups at pre- or postintervention. However, a stepwise-matrix effect was observed between the groups for total cholesterol (TC) (P = 0.033) and LDL cholesterol (P = 0.026), with significantly lower postintervention TC (mean +/- SD) (5.23 +/- 0.88 mmol/L) and LDL cholesterol (2.97 +/- 0.67 mmol/L) when all of the fat was contained within the cheese matrix (Group A), compared with Group C when it was not (TC: 5.57 +/- 0.86 mmol/L; LDL cholesterol: 3.43 +/- 0.78 mmol/L)., Conclusion: Dairy fat, eaten in the form of cheese, appears to differently affect blood lipids compared with the same constituents eaten in different matrices, with significantly lower total cholesterol observed when all nutrients are consumed within a cheese matrix This trial was registered at ISRCTN as ISRCTN86731958.
Results of a randomized controlled trial evaluating the effect of increasing package size on usage volume of peanut butter in older adults.; BACKGROUND: Portion and package sizes of foods generally influence energy intake in children and adults. However, little is known about this effect in older adults. This study aimed to determine the effect of increasing package size on usage volume of peanut butter in older adults. Furthermore, it is investigated whether older women and men, different age groups (<65, 65-80, and 80+), and non-overweight (BMI<25), overweight (BMI>=25) and obese (BMI>30) older adults had different responses to variation in package size., METHODS: A randomized controlled trial among 205 older adults was conducted wherein participants were randomized to either the small (350g) (n=103) or the large (1000g) (n=102) package size condition. Linear regression analyses were used to determine the association between package size condition and usage volume of peanut butter on a slice of bread. Interactions of sex, age groups and BMI categories with package size were tested to investigate differences in responses to variation in package size., RESULTS: Older adults spread on average 12.4g (SD=4.3) of peanut butter on a slice of bread when exposed to a small jar of peanut butter and 12.6g (SD=4.4) when exposed to a large jar of peanut butter (B=0.15; 95%CI=-1.04 to 1.35). Interactions between sex, age groups or BMI categories with package size condition were not statistically significant., CONCLUSIONS: Increased package size has no effect on usage volume of peanut butter among older adults. Older women and men, different age groups within older adults, and normal-weight, overweight and obese older adults do not respond differently to variation in package size of spreads. Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Whey protein supplementation for the preservation of mass and muscular strength of patients with heart failure: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Heart failure (HF) is an important public health problem, considered a new epidemic with high morbidity and mortality. The progression of HF often determines weight reduction, muscle mass loss, and reduced physical ability. Whey protein supplementation may increase the effects of exercise on strength and muscle mass, in addition to promoting improved endothelial function, body composition and quality of life. However, studies are needed to evaluate its benefits in patients with HF., METHODS/DESIGN: This is a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial in which patients with HF will be randomly allocated to two groups to receive supplementation with whey protein or placebo, associated with supervised exercise, for 12 weeks. The frequency of exercise will be three times a week. The study variables will be evaluated at baseline and 12 weeks. The main outcome will be maintenance of muscle mass and strength. Microvascular reactivity, quality of life, and inflammatory parameters will be evaluated as secondary outcomes., DISCUSSION: HF is associated with severe loss of muscle mass and strength, directly contributing to exercise intolerance and inability to maintain daily life activities, becoming a strong predictor of reduced quality of life and mortality. The results of this study will add to the evidence base for providing new dietary recommendations., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, ID: NCT03142399 . Registered on 29 May 2016. Effect of Whey Protein' Supplementation and Exercise in Patients with Heart Failure (PROT-HF).
[Correlation of dietary quality and blood glucose and lipid of the elderly in the community in Beijing from 2013 to 2015].; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the diet quality of the Chinese elderly using adjusted Chinese Diet Balance Index( DBI-07) and to explore the association between dietary patterns and blood glucose and lipid with the aiming to provide scientific basis and theoretical support for nutrition education intervention., METHODS: A total of 1158 participants aged 50-90 involved in this cross-sectional study. The subjects were randomly recruited from Nanyuan Community and Wulituo Community by posting small advertisements in 2013-2015. Questionnaires were used to collect the information of demographic characters. Food intake information was collected by food frequency questionnaire( FFQ) method, and the dietary quality was evaluated by DBI-07 scoring and evaluating system. Peripheral vein blood samples were collected for the measurement of general biochemical parameters., RESULTS: The overall dietary pattern of the aging adults was imbalance. The major problem of the elderly was insufficient intakes in vegetables, fruits, milk, soybean and animal derived food. There was significant difference in blood glucose and high density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels between the subjects with different dietary patterns( P < 0. 05)., CONCLUSION: Imbalanced dietary pattern was detected of the elderly in Beijing. Balanced dietary pattern which is rich in vegetables & fruits, milk, soybean and moderate animal derived foods should be recommended to the elderly.
Soy protein supplementation is not androgenic or estrogenic in college-aged men when combined with resistance exercise training.; It is currently unclear as to whether sex hormones are significantly affected by soy or whey protein consumption. Additionally, estrogenic signaling may be potentiated via soy protein supplementation due to the presence of phytoestrogenic isoflavones. Limited also evidence suggests that whey protein supplementation may increase androgenic signaling. Therefore, the purpose of this study was to examine the effects of soy protein concentrate (SPC), whey protein concentrate (WPC), or placebo (PLA) supplementation on serum sex hormones, androgen signaling markers in muscle tissue, and estrogen signaling markers in subcutaneous (SQ) adipose tissue of previously untrained, college-aged men (n = 47, 20 +/- 1 yrs) that resistance trained for 12 weeks. Fasting serum total testosterone increased pre- to post-training, but more so in subjects consuming WPC (p < 0.05), whereas serum 17beta-estradiol remained unaltered. SQ estrogen receptor alpha (ERalpha) protein expression and hormone-sensitive lipase mRNA increased with training regardless of supplementation. Muscle androgen receptor (AR) mRNA increased while ornithine decarboxylase mRNA (a gene target indicative of androgen signaling) decreased with training regardless of supplementation (p < 0.05). No significant interactions of supplement and time were observed for adipose tissue ERalpha/beta protein levels, muscle tissue AR protein levels, or mRNAs in either tissue indicative of altered estrogenic or androgenic activity. Interestingly, WPC had the largest effect on increasing type II muscle fiber cross sectional area values (Cohen's d = 1.30), whereas SPC had the largest effect on increasing this metric in type I fibers (Cohen's d = 0.84). These data suggest that, while isoflavones were detected in SPC, chronic WPC or SPC supplementation did not appreciably affect biomarkers related to muscle androgenic signaling or SQ estrogenic signaling. The noted fiber type-specific responses to WPC and SPC supplementation warrant future research.
"Benifuuki" Extract Reduces Serum Levels of Lectin-Like Oxidized Low-Density Lipoprotein Receptor-1 Ligands Containing Apolipoprotein B: A Double-Blind Placebo-Controlled Randomized Trial.; (1) Background: Arteriosclerosis is associated with high levels of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol. O-methylated catechins in "Benifuuki" green tea are expected to reduce cholesterol levels, although there is limited research regarding this topic; (2) Methods: This trial evaluated 159 healthy volunteers who were randomized to receive ice cream containing a high-dose of "Benifuuki" extract including 676 mg of catechins (group H), a low-dose of "Benifuuki" extract including 322 mg of catechins (group L), or no "Benifuuki" extract (group C). Each group consumed ice cream (with or without extract) daily for 12 weeks, and their lipid-related parameters were compared; (3) Results: A significant reduction in the level of lectin-like oxidized LDL receptor-1 ligand containing ApoB (LAB) was detected in group H, compared to groups L and C. No significant differences between the three groups were detected in their levels of total cholesterol, triglycerides, and LDL cholesterol; (4) Conclusions: "Benifuuki" extract containing O-methylated catechins may help prevent arteriosclerosis.
Oral Administration of Probiotic Lactobacillus Casei Shirota Decreases Pneumonia and Increases Pulmonary Functions after Single Rib Fracture: A Randomized Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial.; Considerate proportion of elderly patients with a rib fracture is susceptible to pulmonary complications, especially pneumonia. We aimed to assess the effect of oral administration of the probiotic Lactobacillus casei Shirota (LcS) on pneumonia and pulmonary functions among elderly patients with single rib fracture. The current study including 204 eligible elderly patients with a single rib fracture was conducted. Patients were randomly assigned to receive oral administration of skimmed milk containing either a commercial probiotic LcS or placebo daily for 1 mo after the fracture, followed by pneumonia assessments, pulmonary function testing including forced expiratory volume (FEV), negative inspiratory pressure (NIP), and forced vital capacity (FVC), as well as evaluation of potential adverse effects including myocardial infarction, acute kidney injury, nonunion of fractured bone, or stroke. After 1 mo consumption, patients in the LcS group exhibited decreased pneumonia and increased recovery of pulmonary functions, in terms of FEV, FVC, and NIP, compared to the placebo group. No difference was observed in incidence of adverse events between the 2 groups. In patients with a single rib fracture, oral administration of the probiotic LcS was associated with a lower incidence of pneumonia and increased pulmonary functions without causing severe adverse effects., PRACTICAL APPLICATION: To conclude, after 1-mo LcS consumption, in patients with a single rib fracture, oral administration of the probiotic LcS was associated with a lower incidence of pneumonia and increased pulmonary functions without causing severe adverse effects. Copyright © 2018 Institute of Food Technologists R.
Effect of gender on the acute effects of whey protein ingestion on energy intake, appetite, gastric emptying and gut hormone responses in healthy young adults.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Protein supplements, usually drinks rich in whey protein, are used widely for weight loss purposes in overweight adults. Information comparing the effects of whey protein on appetite and energy intake in men and women is limited. The objective was to compare the acute effects of whey-protein intake on energy intake, appetite, gastric emptying and gut hormones in healthy young men and women., SUBJECTS/METHODS: Gastric emptying (3D-ultrasonography), blood glucose and plasma insulin, glucagon, ghrelin, cholecystokinin (CCK), gastric inhibitory polypeptide (GIP) and glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) concentrations (0-180 min), appetite (visual analogue scales), and ad libitum energy intake from a buffet meal (180-210 min) were determined after ingestion of 30 g (120 kcal) or 70 g (280 kcal) whey protein, or a flavoured-water control drink (~2 kcal) in 8 healthy young men (25 +/- 2 y, 72 +/- 3 kg, 23 +/- 1 kg/m2) and 8 women (23 +/- 1 y, 64 +/- 2 kg, 24 +/- 0.4 kg/m2)., RESULTS: There was a protein-load effect on gastric emptying, blood glucose, plasma insulin, glucagon, ghrelin, CCK, GIP and GLP-1 concentrations, and perceptions of hunger, desire to eat and prospective food consumption (P < 0.05). Ad libitum energy intake (average decrease of 206 +/- 39 kcal (15 +/- 2%) for men and of 46 +/- 54 kcal (0 +/- 26%) for women for the mean of the intakes after the 30 and 70 g whey-protein loads) and hunger were suppressed more by whey-protein ingestion in men than women (P = 0.046). There was no difference in suppression of energy intake between the 30 and 70 g protein loads (P = 0.75, interaction effect P = 0.19). Consequently, total energy intake (protein drink plus buffet meal) increased more compared to control in women than men (P = 0.010). The drinks emptied more slowly, and plasma glucagon, CCK and GLP-1 increased less after the protein drinks, in women than men (P < 0.05)., CONCLUSION: The acute effects of whey protein ingestion on appetite, energy intake, gastric emptying and gut hormone responses are influenced by gender in healthy young adults.
Lower Protein Intake Supports Normal Growth of Full-Term Infants Fed Formula: A Randomized Controlled Trial.; Infant formulas have been conventionally prepared with an excess of total protein in order to provide sufficient amounts of essential amino acids to the rapidly growing infant. However, this practice leads to higher than necessary protein intake during early infant development, inducing accelerated growth patterns correlated with the development of chronic diseases later in life. This study was aimed at assessing the safety of an infant formula enriched with bovine alpha-lactalbumin containing a total protein concentration very close to that of human milk, and determining its efficacy in the support of healthy infant growth from the first month to the fourth month of age. Healthy full-term infants <=40 days of age were randomized in this controlled single blind trial to one of the following infant formulas: IF 1 (containing 1.0 g protein/dL; n = 30), IF 2 (containing 1.3 g protein/dL; n = 24), and IF 3 (containing 1.5 g protein/dL; n = 42). A control group consisting of exclusively breastfed infants (HM; n = 212) was included in the study. Anthropometric measurements and Z-scores were evaluated at baseline, at 1 month of age, and at 4 months of age. Weight gain (g/day) was similar in the IF 1 and the HM groups (p = 0.644), and it was significantly greater in the IF 2 and IF 3 groups than in the HM group. Growth patterns in both breastfed or IF-fed infants were in accordance with the World Health Organization (WHO) growth standards. At four months of age, the mean weight-for-age Z-score (WAZ) adjusted for initial value in the IF 1 group was similar to that of the HM group and significantly lower than that of the IF 2 and IF 3 groups (p = 0.031 and p = 0.014 for IF 2 and IF 3, respectively). Length-for-age (LAZ) adjusted for initial value was similar among all groups at four months of age. From 1 to 4 months of life, IF 1 containing 1.0 g protein/dL promotes growth and weight gain similar to those observed in exclusively breastfed infants. As this is a first approach to studying an IF containing total protein in a level below that recommended by international committees on nutrition, further investigations are needed to support these findings evaluating infant's metabolic profile and growth in the long term.
Duration of exclusive breastfeeding may be related to eating behaviour and dietary intake in obesity prone normal weight young children.; Infants who are breastfed are introduced to a variety of flavours from the maternal milk, and thus the transition from maternal milk to complementary foods may be easier for these children. The aim of this study was to investigate if duration of exclusive breastfeeding was associated with pickiness or dietary intake of vegetables, fruit, starchy foods or sugar sweetened beverages among obesity prone normal weight children aged 2-6 years. This cohort study was based on data from the Healthy Start primary intervention study, the Danish Medical Birth registry and the Danish Health Visitor's Child Health Database. Infant feeding was registered by health nurses while home-visiting the mother and child up to four times within the first year. Information on eating behaviour and diet intake at age 2-6 years was obtained by parents. Crude and adjusted logistic and general linear regression models were used to investigate associations. A total of 236 children had complete information on all variables. Data showed lower odds of picky eating behaviour when exclusively breastfed until age 4-5 months compared to exclusively breastfed for 0-1 months (OR = 0.35, 95CI = 0.16;0.76, p = 0.008). In the crude analysis only, exclusively breastfed until age 6-10 months was associated with a higher daily intake of vegetables (p = 0.04). This study suggests that exclusive breastfeeding duration seems to influence pickiness and may contribute to facilitate the consumption of more vegetables in later childhood in obesity prone normal weight children.
Enhancement of Photodynamic Therapy for Bowen's Disease Using Plum-Blossom Needling to Augment Drug Delivery.; BACKGROUND: Bowen's disease (BD) is treated effectively with 5-aminolevulinic acid (ALA)-photodynamic therapy (ALA-PDT). Plum-blossom needling (PBN) may enhance topical drug delivery., OBJECTIVE: To compare the effects of and adverse reactions to PBN and ALA-PDT of BD with those associated with ALA-PDT alone., MATERIALS AND METHODS: Forty-three lesions from 24 patients were randomly assigned to 2 groups. The PBN-ALA-PDT group underwent vertical skin tapping with PBN before applying 10% ALA cream and narrow-band light-emitting diode irradiation (lambda = 633 +/- 10 nm; 100-200 J/cm). The ALA-PDT group received ALA cream and irradiation only., RESULTS: At 6 weeks, the PBN-ALA-PDT and ALA-PDT groups achieved complete response (CR) rates of 77.78% (14/18 lesions) and 40% (7/20 lesions), respectively, (p < .05), and 2/18 and 10/20 lesions, respectively, achieved CRs after further treatment; 2.9 +/- 0.8 sessions and 3.4 +/- 0.7 sessions, respectively, were required for the lesions to achieve CRs. The PBN-ALA-PDT group required fewer treatment sessions and had higher protoporphyrin IX fluorescence levels (p < .05)., CONCLUSION: Plum-blossom needling may improve the efficacy of ALA-PDT by enhancing ALA delivery for BD treatment.
Comparative Metabolomics Elucidates Postprandial Metabolic Modifications in Plasma of Obese Individuals with Metabolic Syndrome.; Although higher intakes of dairy milk are associated with a lower risk of metabolic syndrome (MetS), the underlying protective mechanism remains unclear. This study investigated the dynamic metabolic profile shift following the ingestion of low-fat milk or an isocaloric volume of rice milk in obese individuals with metabolic syndrome (MetS). In a randomized, double-blind, crossover study, postprandial plasma samples ( n = 266) were collected from 19 MetS participants. Plasma samples were analyzed by a targeted metabolomics platform which specifically detects 117 metabolites from 25 metabolic pathways. The comprehensive time-course metabolic profiling in MetS participants indicated that the postprandial metabolic profiles distinguish low-fat milk and rice milk consumption in a time-dependent manner. Metabolic biomarkers, such as orotate, leucine/isoleucine and adenine, showed significantly different trends in the two test beverages. Bayesian statistics identified 12 metabolites associated with clinical characteristics of postprandial vascular endothelial function, such as flow-mediated dilation (FMD), postprandial plasma markers of oxidative stress and NO status. Furthermore, metabolic pathway analysis based on these metabolite data indicated the potential utility of metabolomics to provide mechanistic insights of dietary interventions to regulate postprandial metabolic excursions.
The combination of single nucleotide polymorphisms rs6720173 (ABCG5), rs3808607 (CYP7A1), and rs760241 (DHCR7) is associated with differing serum cholesterol responses to dairy consumption.; Existing evidence on the influence of genetic architecture on serum cholesterol responsiveness to dietary interventions focuses on individual single nucleotide polymorphisms and single nutrients. We associated the combination of ABCG5 rs6720173-C, CYP7A1 rs3808607-TT, and DHCR7 rs760241-GG genotypes with lower low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations relative to the combination of rs6720173-GG, rs3808607-G, and rs760241-A genotypes (-0.37 +/- 0.12 (n = 9) vs. +0.38 +/- 0.14 mmol/L (n = 7), p = 0.0016) following a blended dairy (3 servings/day for 4 weeks) intervention.
[Changes in body composition of primary school students from Tianyang County, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region after two years' nutrition intervention].; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effects of two years'nutrition intervention with eggs and milk on the body composition of rural primary school students in Tianyang County, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region., METHODS: Four intervention schools and four control schools were selected randomly from Tianyang County of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region. Both intervention schools and control schools were similar in socialeconomic level, teaching standards, and school size. A total of 672 students(380students in the intervention group and 292 students in the control group)were recruited from the 2nd to the 4th Grade in primary school. Students in the intervention group were provided 200 g school milk and 50 g halogen eggs per school day. For students in the control group, no intervention was provided. Their height and weight were collected, and body composition was measured by bioelectrical impedance method at baseline, after oneyear and two-year intervention. The mixed linear model of repeated measurements was adopted for the comparison of each index. According to their weights by gender and age at baseline, students were divided into low weight group, medium weight group, and high weight group. Changes in body composition of students in each weight groups after two years'intervention were analyzed., RESULTS: The increase of lean body mass of the male students in the intervention group was 0. 5 kg higher compared to those in the control group after one-year intervention(t=3. 66, P<0. 001). However, the difference was not significant between two groups after two years of intervention. In terms of body fat, the intervention group gained 0. 2 kg more body fat after one year(t=2. 12, P=0. 034)and0. 5 kg more after two years(t=3. 23, P=0. 001)compared to the control group. Differences in body fat or lean body weight in boys between intervention and control group were still present after controlling age, height and weight. At the same time, those effects on lean body mass were only found among boys with low and medium baseline weight level, and the effects on body fat were found among boys with high weight level. No effects were found in girls neither after one year or two years of intervention., CONCLUSION: Two-year supplementation with eggs and milk had promoted lean body weight increase and body fat increase of poor rural primary school male students in Guangxi. However, no significant effects were found in female students.
TOPical Imiquimod treatment of residual or recurrent cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (TOPIC-2 trial): a study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Cervical dysplasia (cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN)) is caused by Human Papillomavirus (HPV) and is most common in women of reproductive age. Current treatment of moderate to severe CIN is surgical. This procedure has potential complications, such as haemorrhage, infection and preterm birth in subsequent pregnancies. Moreover, 15% of women treated for high grade CIN develop residual/recurrent CIN or cervical cancer after surgical excision. Finally, 75-100% of patients with a residual and recurrent CIN 2-3 lesion are still HPV positive. They could possibly benefit from an alternative medical treatment, which aims to eliminate HPV. The primary study objective is to evaluate the effectivity of imiquimod 5% cream compared to treatment with Large Loop Excision of the Transformation Zone (LLETZ) for recurrent/residual CIN., METHODS/DESIGN: This study is a multicentre, non-inferiority randomized single blinded study. The study population consists of female patients with histological proven residual/recurrent CIN after previous surgical treatment. Four hundred thirty-three patients will be included in the Netherlands. The first 35 patients will be included in a pilot study to prove non-futility. Included patients will be randomized to receive either 5% imiquimod cream or LLETZ treatment. Imiquimod will be inserted three times a week intravaginally for a period of 16 weeks using a vaginal applicator. Ten weeks after the end of imiquimod treatment a biopsy will be taken for treatment response. In case of progressive or stable disease a LLETZ will be performed. At 12 and 24 months after the start of treatment cytology will be taken for follow up. The LLETZ group will be treated according to the current guidelines. Throughout the study, HPV typing and quality of life will be tested., DISCUSSION: Repeated LLETZ in women with residual/recurrent CIN lesions has complications. We would like to possibly offer alternative treatment in a selected group to avoid these risks. Moreover, we monitor treatment efficacy, side effects and long-term recurrence rates., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Medical Ethical Committee approval number: NL 53792.078.15. Affiliation: Erasmus Medical Center. Registration number ClinicalTrials.gov : NCT02669459 , date of registration: 27th January 2016.
Randomized, Prospective, Open-label Phase III Trial Comparing Mebo Ointment With Biafine Cream for the Management of Acute Dermatitis During Radiotherapy for Breast Cancer.; PURPOSE: Acute radiation dermatitis is a common side-effect of radiotherapy in breast cancer and has a profound impact on patients' quality of life, due to pain and discomfort. The aim of this study is to compare the effect of beta-sitosterol (Mebo) ointment to trolamine (Biafine) cream for the prevention and treatment of radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients receiving adjuvant radiation therapy., MATERIALS AND METHODS: This is a prospective open-label randomized phase III study developed to assess the efficacy of 2 topical agents used for management of acute radiation dermatitis. Female breast cancer patients who needed a course of radiation therapy in our institution were enrolled and randomized into 2 groups 1 with Mebo ointment and 1 with Biafine cream. Both medications were applied twice per day during the whole period of treatment and skin reactions and related symptoms were assessed weekly during the entire course. Grading of skin reactions was done according to the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group grading system., RESULTS: Between September 2015 and May 2017, a total of 161 patients were recruited for this trial. Mean age was similar for both groups (50.19+/-12.57 vs. 51.73+/-11.23, respectively, P=0.41). All other patients and treatment characteristics were similar in both groups, except for the use of boost (82.7% in the Biafine group vs. 36.7% in Mebo group, P=0.012). Analysis was done for reactions recorded before the beginning of the boost and for the entire course including the boost. Using univariate and multivariate analysis, there was no significant difference in grades 2 and 3 dermatitis between the 2 groups. However, the incidence of severe pruritus and severe local skin pain were both significantly reduced in the Mebo group (14.1% in Biafine vs. 2.9% in Mebo, P=0.016 for pruritus and 11.5% vs. 1.4%, respectively, P=0.02 for severe pain)., CONCLUSIONS: This study showed no difference between Mebo and Biafine in the incidence and severity of breast skin dermatitis during radiation therapy. However, the use of Mebo ointment was associated with decreased severe pruritus and pain which could positively affect patient comfort and quality of life.
Dietary Protein Intake, Breast Feeding and Growth in Human Milk Fed Preterm Infants.; Protein intakes of preterm infants are frequently below recommendations, but few studies report accurate intakes due to the difficulty of analysing human milk clinically. This observational analysis from a randomised trial of infants born.
Nutrient enrichment of human milk with human and bovine milk-based fortifiers for infants born weighing <1250 g: a randomized clinical trial.; Background: Human milk-based fortifiers (HMBFs) are being adopted in neonatal care to enrich the nutrients in human milk for very low birth weight (VLBW) infants despite being costly and there being limited efficacy data. No randomized clinical trial has evaluated the use of HMBF compared with bovine milk-based fortifiers (BMBFs) in the absence of formula feeding., Objective: To determine if HMBF compared with BMBF for routine nutrient enrichment of human milk improves feeding tolerance, reduces morbidity, reduces fecal calprotectin (a measure of gut inflammation), and supports the growth of infants <1250 g., Design: In this blinded randomized clinical trial, infants born weighing <1250 g were recruited from neonatal units in Ontario, Canada between August 2014 and November 2015. The infants were fed mother's milk and donor milk as required. Fortification commenced at 100 mL/kg per day of HMBF (0.81 kcal/mL) or BMBF (0.72 kcal/mL) and advanced at 140 mL/kg per day to 0.88 and 0.78 kcal/mL, respectively. The primary outcome was percentage of infants with a feeding interruption for >=12 h or a >50% reduction in feeding volume. Secondary outcomes included a dichotomous mortality and morbidity index (i.e., affirmative for any one of death, late-onset sepsis, necrotizing enterocolitis, chronic lung disease, or severe retinopathy of prematurity), fecal calprotectin, and growth., Results: Of 232 eligible infants, 127 (54.7%) were randomized (n = 64 HMBF, n = 63 BMBF). Mean +/- SD birth weight and gestational age of infants were 888 +/- 201 g and 27.7 +/- 2.5 wk, respectively. No statistically significant differences were identified in feeding interruptions [17/64 HMBF, 20/61 BMBF; unadjusted risk difference: -6.2% (95% CI: -22.2%, 9.8%)]. There was no statistically significant difference in the mortality and morbidity index (48.4% HMBF, 49.2% BMBF, adjusted P = 0.76), changes in fecal calprotectin, or growth z scores., Conclusions: Among infants born weighing <1250 g and exclusively fed human milk, the use of HMBF did not improve feeding tolerance or reduce mortality and morbidity compared with BMBF. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02137473.
Effectiveness and safety of 0.5% colchicine cream vs. photodynamic therapy with methyl aminolaevulinate in the treatment of actinic keratosis and skin field cancerization of the forearms: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Skin field cancerization (SFC) is a process that occurs in areas of the skin that have undergone genomic alterations induced by ultraviolet radiation. Actinic keratosis (AK) is a sign of its activity., OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the effectiveness and safety of 0.5% colchicine (COL) cream vs. methyl aminolaevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL-PDT) in the treatment of AK and SFC., METHODS: We conducted a randomized, open, intrasubject controlled trial. A total of 36 participants with 3-10 AKs on each forearm were treated with either COL cream (twice daily for 10 days) or a single session of MAL-PDT and were reassessed after 60 days. The clinical evaluation was performed using AK count, forearm photoageing scale (PAS) and AK degree (AKD). Patients underwent central forearm biopsies and histopathological evaluation by keratinocyte intraepithelial neoplasia (KIN) assessment, epithelial atrophy and immunohistochemistry (p53/Ki67)., RESULTS: Overall, 50% of patients were male. The mean age was 70.9 years (SD 8.6) and phototypes I and II were predominant (89%). Total clearance was observed in six (17%) forearms treated with COL and seven (19%) forearms treated with MAL-PDT (P = 0.76); partial clearance was observed in 44% of forearms in the COL group and 67% of forearms in the MAL-PDT group (P = 0.07). In both COL and MAL-PDT groups, reductions in PAS (-6% vs. -6%) and AKD (-45% vs. -40%) were observed. KIN normalized in 28% of patients treated with MAL-PDT and 20% of those treated with COL. Epithelial atrophy reduced after treatment (P < 0.01). Expression levels of Ki67 and p53 were also assessed. Mild or moderate adverse effects were similar for both groups., CONCLUSIONS: COL 0.5% cream and MAL-PDT are safe and effective for treating SFC. Copyright © 2018 British Association of Dermatologists.
A bedtime milk snack does not impact RMR, substrate utilisation and appetite the following morning in mildly overweight males.; Nighttime eating is often associated with a negative impact on weight management and cardiometabolic health. However, data from recent acute metabolic studies have implicated a benefit of ingesting a bedtime snack for weight management. The present study compared the impact of ingesting a milk snack containing either 10 (BS10) or 30 g (BS30) protein with a non-energetic placebo (BS0) 30 min before bedtime on next morning metabolism, appetite and energy intake in mildly overweight males (age: 24.3 (sem 0.8) years; BMI: 27.4 (sem 1.1) kg/m2). Next morning measurements of RMR, appetite and energy intake were measured using indirect calorimetry, visual analogue scales and an ad libitum breakfast, respectively. Bedtime milk ingestion did not alter next morning RMR (BS0: 7822 (sem 276) kJ/d, BS10: 7482 (sem 262) kJ/d, BS30: 7851 (sem 261) kJ/d, P=0.19) or substrate utilisation as measured by RER (P=0.64). Bedtime milk ingestion reduced hunger (P=0.01) and increased fullness (P=0.04) during the evening immediately after snack ingestion, but elicited no effect the next morning. Next morning breakfast (BS0: 2187 (sem 365) kJ, BS10: 2070 (sem 336) kJ, BS30: 2582 (sem 384) kJ, P=0.21) and 24 h post-trial (P=0.95) energy intake was similar between conditions. To conclude, in mildly overweight adults, compared with a non-energetic placebo, a bedtime milk snack containing 10 or 30 g of protein does not confer changes in next morning whole-body metabolism and appetite that may favour weight management.
Design and rationale of the INSYTE study: A randomised, placebo controlled study to test the efficacy of a synbiotic on liver fat, disease biomarkers and intestinal microbiota in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.; BACKGROUND: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) represents a spectrum of fat-related conditions ranging from simple fatty liver, to non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), fibrosis and cirrhosis. There is growing evidence that NAFLD is a multisystem disease, affecting several extra-hepatic organs and regulatory pathways. Furthermore, since the gut and liver are linked anatomically via the portal vein, disturbances of the gut microbiota (dysbiosis) can affect the liver., OBJECTIVES: In patients with NAFLD, we are testing the effects of a synbiotic which is the combination of a prebiotic (fructooligosaccharides; 4g/day) and a probiotic (Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis BB-12 at a minimum of 10 billion CFU/day) on a) liver fat percentage, b) NAFLD fibrosis algorithm scores, c) gut microbiota composition. Additionally, there will be several hypothesis-generating secondary outcomes to understand the metaorganismal pathways that influence the development and progression of NAFLD, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular risk., DESIGN: In a randomised double-blind placebo-controlled trial, 104 participants were randomised to 10-14months intervention with either synbiotic (n=55) or placebo (n=49). Recruitment was completed in April 2017 and the last study visit will be completed by April 2018., METHODS: Change in gut microbiota composition will be assessed using 16S ribosomal RNA gene sequencing. Change in mean liver fat percentage will be quantified by magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS). In addition, change in liver fat severity will be measured using two NAFLD fibrosis algorithm scores. The INSYTE study was approved by the local ethics committee (REC: 12/SC/0614) and is registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01680640. Crown Copyright © 2018. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Premeal Low-Fat Yogurt Consumption Reduces Postprandial Inflammation and Markers of Endotoxin Exposure in Healthy Premenopausal Women in a Randomized Controlled Trial.; Background: Metabolic endotoxemia is associated with obesity and contributes to postprandial inflammation., Objective: We aimed to determine if low-fat yogurt consumption prevents postprandial inflammation and dysmetabolism in healthy women by inhibiting biomarkers of metabolic endotoxemia., Methods: Premenopausal women defined as obese and nonobese [body mass index (BMI, in kg/m2) 30-40 and 18.5-27, respectively, n = 120] were randomly assigned to consume 339 g of low-fat yogurt (YN, yogurt nonobese; YO, yogurt obese) or 324 g of soy pudding (CN, control nonobese; CO, control obese) for 9 wk (n = 30/group). The intervention foods each supplied 330 kcal with 3 g fat, 66 g carbohydrate, and 4-6 g protein. At weeks 0 and 9, participants ingested 226 g of yogurt or 216 g of soy pudding before a meal providing 56-60 g fat, 82 g carbohydrate, and 28-30 g protein. Plasma soluble CD14 (sCD14), lipopolysaccharide-binding protein (LBP), LPS activity, interleukin-6 (IL-6), glucose, triglyceride, and insulin were measured hourly for 4 h to assess differences in postprandial responses between groups by 2-factor ANOVA., Results: Premeal yogurt consumption prevented the postprandial decrease in sCD14 net incremental area under the curve (net iAUC) by 72% in obese individuals at week 0 (P = 0.0323). YN and YO had >=40% lower net iAUC of LBP-to-sCD14 ratio and plasma IL-6 concentration than CN and CO, respectively (P < 0.05). CO had postprandial hyperglycemia which was not evident in YO; in contrast YN had 57% less postprandial hypoglycemia than did CN (P-interaction = 0.0013). After 9 wk of yogurt consumption, DELTAAUC of LBP-to-sCD14 ratios of YO and YN were less than half of those of the control groups (P = 0.0093)., Conclusion: Yogurt consumption improved postprandial metabolism and biomarkers of metabolic endotoxemia in healthy premenopausal women. Premeal yogurt consumption is a feasible strategy to inhibit postprandial dysmetabolism and thus may reduce cardiometabolic risk. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01686204.
Effect of protein intake beyond habitual intakes following resistance training on cardiometabolic risk disease parameters in pre-conditioned older women.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to analyze the effects of higher protein (HP) intake associated with resistance training (RT) on parameters of cardiometabolic risk disease (CMR)., METHODS: A randomized, double-blind and placebo-controlled design was conducted. Thirty-two pre-conditioned older women were randomized in two groups to receive 35g of protein (high protein group - HP) or 35g of placebo (low protein group - LP) after training sessions. The RT program was carried out over 12weeks, 3days per week and 3 sets of 8-12 repetitions. Body composition (whole-body dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry), blood samples, anthropometric measurements and dietary intake were performed at pre- and post-intervention., RESULTS: There was a significant group-by-time interaction (P<0.05) for lean soft tissue (LST), total cholesterol/high density lipoprotein ratio (TC/HDL) and volume of load (VL), in which HP group presented greater improvements when compared to LP group (LST: +3.8% vs +2.0%; TC/HDL: -11.8% vs -2.9%; VL: 45.4% vs 35.4%). A time effect was found for HDL, LDL, Triglycerides (TGC), total cholesterol (TC), low density lipoprotein/HDL ratio (LDL/HDL) and C-reactive protein (CRP) (HDL: +6.7% vs +6.3%; LDL: -6.8% vs +0.9%; TGC: -2.0% vs -1.2%; TC: -2.8% vs +0.5%; LDL/HDL: -11.5 vs -6.9%; CRP: -8.6% vs -11.5%) in which both groups improved their scores without statistical differences between them. No effect was found for waist circumference., CONCLUSION: Increased dietary protein intake, achieved by whey protein supplementation, when associated with RT promotes greater gains on LST and VL, and a reduction on TC/HDL ratio in pre-conditioned older women. Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of Whey Protein Supplementation Pre- or Post-Resistance Training on Muscle Mass, Muscular Strength, and Functional Capacity in Pre-Conditioned Older Women: A Randomized Clinical Trial.; Aging is associated with sarcopenia and dynapenia, with both processes contributing to functional dependence and mortality in older adults. Resistance training (RT) and increased protein intake are strategies that may contribute to health improvements in older adults. Therefore, the aim was to investigate the effects of whey protein (WP) supplementation consumed either immediately pre- or post-RT on skeletal muscle mass (SMM), muscular strength, and functional capacity in pre-conditioned older women. Seventy older women participated in this investigation and were randomly assigned to one of three groups: whey protein pre-RT and placebo post-RT (WP-PLA, n = 24), placebo pre-RT and whey protein post-RT (PLA-WP, n = 23), and placebo pre- and post-RT (PLA-PLA, n = 23). Each group ingested 35 g of WP or PLA. The RT program was carried out over 12 weeks (three times per week; 3  8-12 repetition maximum). Body composition, muscular strength, functional capacity, and dietary intake were assessed pre- and post-intervention. Two-way analysis of covariance (ANCOVA) for repeated measures, with baseline scores as covariates were used for data analysis. A time vs. group interaction (p < 0.05) was observed with WP-PLA and PLA-WP presenting greater increases compared with PLA-PLA for SMM (WP-PLA = 3.4%; PLA-WP = 4.2%; PLA-PLA = 2.0%), strength (WP-PLA = 8.1%; PLA-WP = 8.3%; PLA-PLA = 7.0%), and the 10-m walk test (WP-PLA = -10.8%; PLA-WP = -11.8%; PLA-PLA = -4.3%). Whey protein supplementation was effective in promoting increases in SMM, muscular strength, and functional capacity in pre-conditioned older women, regardless of supplementation timing. This trial was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT03247192.
Effect of increased enteral protein intake on plasma and urinary urea concentrations in preterm infants born at < 32 weeks gestation and < 1500 g birth weight enrolled in a randomized controlled trial - a secondary analysis.; BACKGROUND: Feeding breast milk is associated with reduced morbidity and mortality, as well as improved neurodevelopmental outcome but does not meet the high nutritional requirements of preterm infants. Both plasma and urinary urea concentrations represent amino acid oxidation and low concentrations may indicate insufficient protein supply. This study assesses the effect of different levels of enteral protein on plasma and urinary urea concentrations and determines if the urinary urea-creatinine ratio provides reliable information about the protein status of preterm infants., METHODS: Sixty preterm infants (birthweight < 1500 g; gestational age < 32 weeks) were enrolled in a randomized controlled trial and assigned to either a lower-protein group (median protein intake 3.7 g/kg/d) or a higher-protein group (median protein intake 4,3 g/kg/d). Half the patients in the higher-protein group received standardized supplementation with a supplement adding 1.8 g protein/100 ml milk, the other half received individual supplementation depending on the respective mother's milk macronutrient content. Plasma urea concentration was determined in two scheduled blood samples (BS1; BS2); urinary urea and creatinine concentrations in weekly spot urine samples., RESULTS: The higher-protein group showed higher plasma urea concentrations in both BS1 and BS2 and a higher urinary urea-creatinine-ratio in week 3 and 5-7 compared to the lower-protein group. In addition, a highly positive correlation between plasma urea concentrations and the urinary urea-creatinine-ratio (p < 0.0001) and between actual protein intake and plasma urea concentrations and the urinary urea-creatinine-ratio (both p < 0.0001) was shown., CONCLUSIONS: The urinary urea-creatinine-ratio, just like plasma urea concentrations, may help to estimate actual protein supply, absorption and oxidation in preterm infants and, additionally, can be determined non-invasively. Further investigations are needed to determine reliable cut-off values of urinary urea concentrations to ensure appropriate protein intake., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinicaltrials.gov; NCT01773902 registered 15 January 2013, retrospectively registered.
Estimation and Prediction of Avoidable Health Care Costs of Cardiovascular Diseases and Type 2 Diabetes Through Adequate Dairy Food Consumption: A Systematic Review and Micro Simulation Modeling Study.; BACKGROUND: Recent evidence from prospective cohort studies show a relationship between consumption of dairy foods and cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). This association highlights the importance of dairy foods consumption in prevention of these diseases and also reduction of associated healthcare costs. The aim of this study was to estimate avoidable healthcare costs of CVD and T2D through adequate dairy foods consumption in Iran., METHODS: This was a multistage modelling study. We conducted a systematic literature review in PubMed and EMBASE to identify any association between incidence of CVD and T2DM and dairy foods intake, and also associated relative risks. We obtained age- and sex-specific dairy foods consumption level and healthcare expenditures from national surveys and studies. Patient level simulation Markov models were constructed to predict the disease incidence, patient population size and associated healthcare costs for current and optimal dairy foods consumption at different time horizons (1, 5, 10 and 20 years). All parameters including costs and transition probabilities were defined as statistical distributions in the models, and all analyses were conducted by accounting for first and second order uncertainty., RESULTS: The systematic review results indicated that dairy foods consumption was inversely associated with incidence of T2DM, coronary heart disease (CHD) and stroke. We estimated that the introduction of a diet containing 3 servings of dairy foods per day may produce a $0.43 saving in annual per capita healthcare costs in Iran in the first year due to saving in cost of CVD and T2DM treatment. The estimated savings in per capita healthcare costs were $8.42, $39.97 and $190.25 in 5, 10 and 20-years' time, respectively. Corresponding total aggregated avoidable costs for the entire Iranian population within the study time horizons were $33.83, $661.31, $3,138.21 and $14,934.63 million, respectively., CONCLUSION: Our analysis demonstrated that increasing dairy foods consumption to recommended levels would be associated with reductions in healthcare costs. Further randomized trial studies are required to investigate the effect of dairy foods intake on cost of CVD and T2DM in the population. Copyright © 2018 The Author(s). This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.
[The Effect of Pain Relieving Intervention During Infiltration among Gamma Knife Surgery Patients for Stereotactic Frame Fixation].; PURPOSE: This study aimed to compare the effects of three interventions on pain, blood pressure, and pulse rate during infiltration anesthesia in patients about to undergo gamma knife surgeries., METHODS: The three interventions employed in a university-affiliated Hospital in J City, South Korea were as follows: EMLA cream plus Vapocoolant spray (Vapocoolant, n=30), EMLA cream plus 10.0% Lidocaine spray (Lidocaine, n=30), and EMLA cream only (EMLA, n=30). The equivalent control-group pre test - post test study design was used. Pain was assessed subjectively using the numeric rating scale (NRS) and objectively using a Galvanic Skin Response (GSR) tester. NRS scores were assessed after infiltration anesthesia and the GSR was assessed during infiltration anesthesia. Blood pressure and pulse rate were assessed twice: before and after infiltration anesthesia. Data were collected between August 3, 2016 and March 24, 2017., RESULTS: NRS scores after infiltration anesthesia and the GSR during infiltration anesthesia were significantly lower in the Vapocoolant group than in the Lidocaine and EMLA groups (F=13.56, p<.001 and F=14.43, p<.001, respectively). The increase in systolic blood pressure (F=4.77, p=.011) and in pulse rates (F=4.78, p=.011) before and after infiltration anesthesia were significantly smaller in the Vapocoolant group than in the Lidocaine and EMLA groups; however, no significant differences were observed in diastolic blood pressures (F=1.51, p=.227)., CONCLUSION: EMLA cream plus Vapocoolant spray was the most effective intervention to relieve pain and to lower increase in systolic blood pressure and pulse rate caused by infiltration anesthesia for stereotactic frame fixation. Thus, application of Vapocoolant spray in addition to EMLA cream is highly recommended as a nursing intervention for patients undergoing gamma knife surgeries. Copyright © 2018 Korean Society of Nursing Science.
A Randomized Trial of Mometasone Furoate 0.1% to Reduce High-Grade Acute Radiation Dermatitis in Breast Cancer Patients Receiving Postmastectomy Radiation.; PURPOSE: A 2-arm, double-blinded randomized trial was conducted to evaluate the efficacy of 0.1% mometasone furoate (MF) versus Eucerin Original (E) cream in preventing the development of moderate to severe acute radiation dermatitis (ARD) in breast cancer patients receiving postmastectomy radiation (PMRT)., METHODS: Breast cancer patients undergoing chest wall with or without nodal radiation therapy (RT) (50 Gy) were eligible. Randomization (1:1) was to MF or E, applied twice daily from day 1 of PMRT to 14 days after PMRT. Patients were stratified by RT technique, body mass index, and reconstruction status. Daily bolus of 3 to 10 mm was applied in all patients. The primary endpoint was the development of provider-assessed grade >=2 (Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events version 4.03) ARD with moist desquamation or any grade >=3 dermatitis. Secondary endpoints were time to occurrence of maximum-grade dermatitis and patient-reported skin symptoms using a skin-related quality of life questionnaire, Skindex-16. Assessments were performed at baseline, weekly during PMRT, and 2 weeks after PMRT., RESULTS: 124 patients were enrolled between May 2013 and February 2016. Of those, 35% had pathologic stage III disease, 6% had cT4d disease, and 68% underwent reconstruction. Sixty percent received 3-dimensional conformal RT with photons only to the chest wall, 18% received electrons and photons, and 23% received inverse-planned intensity modulated RT. Groups were well balanced for age, skin type, and stage. The rate of moist desquamation was 54.8% in the entire cohort, with a significantly reduced incidence in the MF arm than in the E arm (43.8% vs 66.7%; P = .012). The MF arm had a lower incidence of maximum skin toxicities (P = .036) and longer time to development of grade 3 dermatitis (46 days vs 35.5 days, respectively; P <= .001). There was no difference in patient-reported skin outcomes between arms., CONCLUSIONS: Breast cancer patients receiving MF during PMRT experienced significantly reduced rates of moist desquamation in comparison with a control cream. Copyright Published by Elsevier Inc.
The effect of daily fortified yogurt consumption on weight loss in adults with metabolic syndrome: A 10-week randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Obesity is a complex and multifaceted condition. Thus, functional foods need investigation as novel adjunct treatments for obesity. The objective was to determine the effects of daily consumption of a fortified yogurt (FY) on weight loss in overweight and obese patients with metabolic syndrome on a caloric-restricted diet., METHODS AND RESULTS: This was a randomized, double-blind, 10-week study. Participants were randomly allocated to two groups receiving either two servings (2 x 250 g)/day of FY with whey protein, calcium, vitamin D, prebiotic fibre and probiotic cultures (n = 44) or a low-fat plain yogurt (PY) (n = 43). All participants were put on a calorie-restricted diet throughout the 10-week study. Body composition and biochemical indices were assessed before and after the intervention. Body mass decreased by 4.3 +/- 1.9 kg and 5.1 +/- 3.0 kg in the PY and FY groups, respectively, following the 10-week intervention. Compared to PY, consumption of FY resulted in a significant reduction in body fat mass (FM) (p = 0.023), body fat percentage (p = 0.028), waist circumference (p = 0.002), homoeostasis model of assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (p = 0.025), triglyceride concentration (p = 0.003), and a significant increase in total 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) concentration (p < 0.001), high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) (p = 0.009) and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) (0.022). Participants consuming the FY lost less fat-free mass (FFM) compared to the PY group (DELTA = -0.9 +/- 3.5 kg vs. DELTA = -2.0 +/- 2.7 kg; p = 0.025)., CONCLUSIONS: Consuming FY for 10-weeks improved body composition and metabolic parameters, while on a caloric-restricted diet. Further research is needed to elucidate whether FY can be used as a preventative strategy for metabolic syndrome in obese persons., TRIAL REGISTRATION: www.irct.ir (IRCT2017050633836N1). Copyright © 2018. Published by Elsevier B.V.
A meat- or dairy-based complementary diet leads to distinct growth patterns in formula-fed infants: a randomized controlled trial.; Background: Protein intake from cow milk-based infant formula has been associated with rapid weight gain and increased adiposity, but the effect of protein from complementary foods has not been prospectively evaluated, and the effect of protein from sources other than formula during complementary feeding is not clear., Objective: The aim of this study was to directly compare the effect of protein from 2 common complementary food sources, meat and dairy, on infant growth and weight trajectory., Design: Healthy term, formula-fed infants were recruited from the metro Denver area, matched by sex and race/ethnicity and randomly assigned to a meat or a dairy complementary food group from 5 to 12 mo of age. Total protein intake during this 7-mo intervention was ~3 g  kg-1  d-1 for both groups. Intakes of infant formula, cereal, fruit, and vegetables were ad libitum. Caregivers also completed 3-d diet records at 5, 10, and 12 mo of age. Anthropometric measures were obtained during monthly home visits, and blood samples were collected at 5 and 12 mo of age., Results: Sixty-four infants completed the intervention (meat: n = 32; dairy: n = 32). The average total protein intake (mean +/- SD) increased from 2.01 +/- 0.06 g  kg-1  d-1 at 5 mo to 3.35 +/-0.12 g  kg-1  d-1 at 12 mo and did not differ between groups. Over time, weight and weight-for-age z score increased by 0.48 +/- 0.07. However, there was a significant group-by-time interaction for both length-for-age z score (LAZ) and weight-for-length z score (WLZ). Post hoc analysis showed that LAZ increased in the meat group (+0.33 +/- 0.09; P = 0.001 over time) and decreased in the dairy group (-0.30 +/- 0.10; P = 0.0002 over time); WLZ significantly increased in the dairy group (0.76 +/- 0.21; P = 0.000002 over time) compared with the meat group (0.30 +/- 0.17; P = 0.55 over time). Insulin-like growth factor I and insulin-like growth factor-binding protein 3 both increased over time without group differences., Conclusions: Protein source may have an important role in regulating growth. In these formula-fed older infants, meat- and dairy-based complementary foods led to distinct growth patterns, especially for length. This trial was registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02142647.
Early nutrition and signs of metabolic syndrome at 6 y of age in children born very preterm.; Background: In term-born infants, the risk of developing metabolic syndrome (MetS) has been shown to be associated with formula feeding and early rapid growth. Breastfeeding, however, seems to be associated with a lower risk of MetS among term-born infants., Objective: The possible association between type of early nutrition, early growth, and possible influence on different metabolic outcomes at 6 y of age was investigated in very-preterm-born children., Design: This study is a 6-y follow-up of 281 very-preterm-born infants with a gestational age of <=32 wk. Infants breastfed at discharge from the hospital were randomly assigned to receive unfortified or fortified mother's milk, whereas those who were not breastfed received a preterm formula. The intervention lasted until 4 mo of corrected age. At 6 y of age, height, weight, and body mass index were measured and a dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry scan and blood sampling were performed., Results: In total, 239 children participated in the follow-up. No differences were found between the 2 breastfed groups. Formula-fed children were more often predisposed to obesity and from families with a lower social status than were children who were breastfed only. Early rapid growth (crossing of weight percentiles with >1 SD in either direction) was seen in 53% of the children from 34 wk of postmenstrual age and until 2 mo of corrected age and was significantly correlated with several metabolic outcomes at 6 y of age., Conclusions: Children fed a preterm formula postdischarge more often showed early rapid growth than did breastfed children, and early rapid growth was correlated with early signs of MetS at 6 y of age. However, all of the values were within normal ranges. This trial was registered at as NCT02078687.
A self-controlled study of intralesional injection of diprospan combined with topical timolol cream for treatment of thick superficial infantile hemangiomas.; Topical application of timolol cream is effective and convenient for treating superficial infantile hemangiomas. Intralesional injection of corticosteroids, such as diprospan, is useful for the treatment of superficia infantile hemangiomas without systemic side effects. We conducted a self-controlled study to investigate whether a combination of intralesional injection of diprospan with topical timolol 0.5% cream would be more efficient than timolol cream alone in thick superficial infantile hemangiomas. Thirty-eight patients with 39 thick superficial infantile hemangiomas were recruited. Each lesion was randomly divided into two equal parts: one part was treated with topical timolol 0.5% cream (timolol cream group), while the other part was treated with injection of diprospan combined with topical timolol 0.5% cream (combined treatment group). Infants were followed every 4 weeks to determine whether injections should be continued, and timolol cream was applied four times daily for 5 months. During 5 months of treatment, three specialist physicians were invited to evaluate the therapeutic effects. The combined treatment group showed better lesion involution than did the timolol cream group regarding lesion thickness and color of lesions. The combination of intralesional injection of diprospan with topical timolol 0.5% cream is a suitable and safe strategy for thick superficial infantile hemangiomas. Copyright © 2018 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Tretinoin (0.05% cream vs. 5% peel) for photoaging and field cancerization of the forearms: randomized, evaluator-blinded, clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: Topical tretinoin cream is the gold standard treatment for skin ageing, particularly photoaging. The purpose of tretinoin peel was to obtain similar results, but in a shorter time, however, there have been few controlled trials on its effectiveness., OBJECTIVE: To compare efficacy and safety of tretinoin 0.05% cream and 5% as a peeling agent on photoaging and field cancerization of the forearms., METHODS: Clinical trial with therapeutic intervention, prospective, randomized (computer-generated randomization list), parallel, comparative (intrasubject) and evaluator-blinded (except for histology and immunohistochemistry), including 24 women (48 forearms) aged over 60 years who have not undergone hormone replacement and categorized as Fitzpatrick skin phototype II or III. The forearms of the participants were randomized for treatment with 0.05% tretinoin cream three nights a week, or 5% tretinoin peel every 2 weeks. The opinion of the participant, severity of photoaging, corneometry, profilometry, high-frequency ultrasound, histology (haematoxylin-eosin and Verhoeff stainings) and immunohistochemistry (p53, bcl-2, Ki67 and collagen I) were assessed., RESULTS: One participant dropped out. The mean photoaging score reduced 20% and the mean actinic keratosis (AK) count reduced 60% with no difference between treatments. Three efficacy parameters showed opposite effects between the tretinoin treatments (P < 0.05%): (i) thickness of the corneal layer decreased with 0.05% tretinoin and increased by 5%; (ii) dermis echogenicity increased by 0.05% and decreased by 5% and (iii) Ki67 expression increased by 0.05% and decreased by 5%. There was good tolerability for both regimens., CONCLUSION: Tretinoin as a cream 0.05% or peeling (5%) is safe and effective for the treatment of moderate photoaging and forearm field cancerization. The cream was superior in improving ultrasonographic parameters of ageing. Peeling was shown a superior performance in the stabilization of field cancerization. Copyright © 2018 European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Lactotripeptide ingestion increases cerebral blood flow velocity in middle-aged and older adults.; The age-related decrease in cerebral blood flow velocity increases the risk of cerebrovascular disease. Milk protein-derived bioactive peptides, e.g., lactotripeptide (LTP), have been shown to inhibit angiotensin converting enzyme activities and increase vasodilator production. We hypothesized that LTP ingestion increases cerebral blood flow velocity in middle-aged and older adults. In a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind design, 15 healthy middle-aged and older adults were assigned to either a LTP group or a placebo group. The subjects ingested LTP or placebo orally for 8weeks. Before and after intervention, middle cerebral blood flow velocity was measured using transcranial Doppler ultrasonography. The baseline middle cerebral blood flow velocity and most other key dependent variables did not differ between the groups. LTP ingestion significantly increased middle cerebral blood flow velocity, but there was no such improvement in the placebo groups. We concluded that 8weeks of LTP ingestion increased middle cerebral blood flow velocity in middle-aged and older adults. Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The effect of casein, hydrolyzed casein, and whey proteins on urinary and postprandial plasma metabolites in overweight and moderately obese human subjects.; BACKGROUND: Casein and whey proteins differ in amino acid composition and absorption rate; however, the absorption rate of casein can be increased to mimic that of whey proteins by exogenous hydrolysis. In view of these compositional differences, we studied the metabolic responses to intake of casein, hydrolyzed casein, and whey proteins in overweight and moderately obese men and women by investigating select urinary and blood plasma metabolites., RESULTS: A total of 21 urinary and 23 plasma metabolites were identified by nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy. The postprandial plasma metabolites revealed a significant diet-time interaction for isoleucine (P = 0.001) and tyrosine (P = 0.001). The level of isoleucine and tyrosine peaked 90 min postprandially with a 1.4-fold difference following intake of whey proteins compared with either casein or hydrolyzed casein. A 1.2-fold higher urinary level of lactate was observed after intake of whey proteins compared with intake of intact casein (P < 0.01)., CONCLUSION: The plasma metabolites revealed different amino acid profiles reflecting the amino acid composition of casein and whey proteins. Furthermore, the results support that casein hydrolysates neither affect the postprandial amino acid absorption rate nor the amino acid level compared with that of intact casein. The urinary lactate increases following whey protein intake might indicate a higher metabolism of glucogenic amino acids. © 2018 Society of Chemical Industry. Copyright © 2018 Society of Chemical Industry.
Anti-obesity properties of the strain Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis CECT 8145 in Zucker fatty rats.; We evaluated the effect of oral administration of Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis CECT 8145 strain in Zucker fatty rats. The Zucker fatty rats were randomly divided into two groups (n=10 each) and administered either B. animalis subsp. lactis CECT 8145 (1010 cfu/day) suspended in skim milk, or skim milk alone (control group). Each treatment was administered in drinking bottles from week 5 until week 17 of age. A lean Zucker rat group (standard group) was included to provide normal values for the Zucker strain. This group was administered skim milk in the drinking bottle for the same experimental period as Zucker fatty rats. Body weight gain was greater in the fatty control group than in the fatty rats treated daily with B. animalis subsp. lactis CECT 8145. Furthermore, dry and liquid food intake significantly decreased in the treated Zucker fatty group and these rats also showed decreased plasma ghrelin levels as compared with the Zucker fatty control group. B. animalis subsp. lactis CECT 8145 intake also decreased plasma tumour necrosis factor-alpha (a proinflammatory cytokine) and plasma malondialdehyde (a biomarker of oxidative stress). Moreover, the ratio plasma total cholesterol/plasma cholesterol transported by high-density lipoproteins, considered as an index for cardiovascular disease, also significantly decreased in the Zucker fatty rats treated with B. animalis subsp. lactis CECT 8145. By contrast, this bacterial strain significantly increased plasma adiponectin (an insulin-sensitising adipokine), but did not produce significant effects on triglyceride levels or glucose metabolism biomarkers. Although further research is required to confirm B. animalis subsp. lactis CECT 8145 is an efficient anti-obesity treatment in humans, the results obtained in this study are promising and point to the health and anti-obesity properties of this bacterial strain.
Effect of whey protein supplementation on body composition changes in women: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; Context: A preponderance of evidence supports the beneficial effects of whey protein (WP) supplementation on body composition in men; however, there is currently insufficient evidence to make an equivalent claim in women., Objective: This systematic review and meta-analysis assessed the effects of WP supplementation with or without energy restriction (ER) and resistance training (RT) on changes in body mass, lean mass, and fat mass in women., Data Sources: Pubmed, Scopus, Cochrane, and CINAHL were searched using the keywords "whey protein," "body composition," and "lean mass.", Data Extraction: Two researchers independently screened 1845 abstracts and extracted 276 articles. Thirteen randomized controlled trials with 28 groups met the inclusion criteria., Results: Globally, WP supplementation increased lean mass (WMD, 0.37 kg; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.06 to 0.67) while not influencing changes in fat mass (-0.20 kg; 95%CI, -0.67 to 0.27) relative to non-WP control. The beneficial effect of WP on lean mass was lost when only studies with RT were included in the analysis (n = 7 comparisons; 0.23 kg; 95%CI, -0.17 to 0.63). The beneficial effect of WP on lean mass was more robust when only studies with an ER component were included (n = 6 comparisons; 0.90 kg; 95%CI, 0.31 to 1.49). There was no effect of WP on lean mass in studies without ER (n = 9 comparisons; 0.22 kg; 95%CI, -0.12 to 0.57)., Conclusion: Whey protein supplementation improves body composition by modestly increasing lean mass without influencing changes in fat mass. Body composition improvements from WP are more robust when combined with ER .
Effects of Daily Intake of Calcium and Vitamin D-Enriched Milk in Healthy Postmenopausal Women: A Randomized, Controlled, Double-Blind Nutritional Study.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the effect of the daily intake of calcium and vitamin D-enriched milk (with or without fructooligosaccharides [FOS]) on vitamin D, bone metabolism, and cardiovascular risk factors., MATERIALS AND METHODS: Two-year randomized controlled study, including 500 healthy postmenopausal women, assigned to 500 mL/day of skimmed milk to one of three groups: Low-dose (L): (120 mg/100 mL calcium, vitamin D3 30 UI/100 mL), group A: calcium and vitamin D (180 mg/100 mL and 120 UI/100 mL), and group B: calcium and vitamin D (180 mg/100 mL and 120 UI/100 mL) and FOS (5 g/L). We evaluated serum 25(OH)D, bone mineral density (BMD) by Dual Energy X-ray Absorptiometry, and biochemical data of glucose and lipid metabolism., RESULTS: After 24 months, vitamin D concentrations did not change in the control group, but increased in group A and group B, p < 0.001. We observed an increase in femoral neck BMD and an improvement in fasting plasma glucose, HbA1c, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and apolipoprotein B 100., CONCLUSIONS: Daily intake of milk enriched with calcium and vitamin D in postmenopausal healthy women induces a significant improvement in vitamin D status, a significant increase in BMD at femoral neck, and also favorable effects on glucose and lipid profile.
Effects of Combined Whole-Body Electromyostimulation and Protein Supplementation on Local and Overall Muscle/Fat Distribution in Older Men with Sarcopenic Obesity: The Randomized Controlled Franconia Sarcopenic Obesity (FranSO) Study.; The primary aim of the project was to determine the combined effect of whole-body electromyostimulation (WB-EMS) and protein supplements on local and overall muscle/fat distribution in older man with sarcopenic obesity (SO). Community-dwelling (cdw) men >= 70 years with SO were randomly allocated to a WB-EMS and protein supplementation (n = 33) or a non-intervention control group (CG: n = 34). WB-EMS was conducted 1.5 sessions of 20 min/week for 16 weeks. Whey protein supplementation aimed to ensure a daily intake of 1.8 g/kg body mass. The primary study endpoint was muscle/fat distribution of the total intra-fascial volume of the mid-thigh as determined by MRI. The core secondary endpoint was appendicular muscle mass (ASMM) and trunk fat; subordinate secondary endpoint was lower-leg performance. Thigh lean muscle volume increased significantly in the WB-EMS&P (p < 0.001) and increased slightly in the CG (p = 0.435). In parallel, fat volume increased significantly in the CG (p < 0.001) and was maintained in the WB-EMS&P group (p = 0.728). Group differences for both parameters were significant (p = 0.033 and p = 0.002). ASMM and trunk fat also differed significantly (p < 0.001) between WB-EMS and CG, with significant positive changes in the WB-EMS&P (p < 0.001) and no relevant changes in the CG (p >= 0.458). Finally, changes of gait velocity, leg-extensor strength, and advanced lower extremity function of the WB-EMS&P group differed significantly from the CG (p <= 0.002). WB-EMS combined with whey protein supplements favorably affects local and overall muscle/fat distribution and lower limb functioning in cdw men 70+ with SO. Thus, this time-saving, joint-friendly, and highly customizable approach may be an option for people either unable or unmotivated to conduct intense (resistance) exercise protocols.Trial registration number NCT02857660 on http://www.clinicaltrials.gov .
Saturated Fats from Butter but Not from Cheese Increase HDL-Mediated Cholesterol Efflux Capacity from J774 Macrophages in Men and Women with Abdominal Obesity.; Background: Recent evidence suggests that the association between dietary saturated fatty acids (SFAs) and coronary artery disease risk varies according to food sources. How SFAs from butter and cheese influence HDL-mediated cholesterol efflux capacity (CEC), a key process in reverse cholesterol transport, is currently unknown., Objective: In a predefined secondary analysis of a previously published trial, we have examined how diets rich in SFAs from either cheese or butter influence HDL-mediated CEC, compared with diets rich in either monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) or polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs)., Methods: In a randomized crossover controlled consumption trial, 46 men and women with abdominal obesity consumed 5 isocaloric diets, each for 4 wk. Two diets were rich in SFAs either from cheese (CHEESE) or butter (BUTTER) [12.4-12.6% of energy (%E) as SFAs, 32%E as fat, 52%E as carbohydrates]. In 2 other diets, SFAs (5.8%E) were replaced with either MUFAs from refined olive oil (MUFA) or PUFAs from corn oil (PUFA). Finally, a lower fat and carbohydrate diet was used as a control (5.8%E as SFAs, 25.0%E as fat, 59%E as carbohydrates; CHO). Post-diet HDL-mediated CEC was determined ex vivo using radiolabelled J774 macrophages incubated with apolipoprotein B-depleted serum from the participants., Results: Mean (+/-SD) age was 41.4 +/- 14.2 y, and waist circumference was 107.6 +/- 11.5 cm in men and 94.3 +/- 12.4 cm in women. BUTTER and MUFA increased HDL-mediated CEC compared with CHEESE (+4.3%, P = 0.026 and +4.7%, P = 0.031, respectively). Exploring the significant diet x sex interaction (P = 0.044) revealed that the increase in HDL-mediated CEC after BUTTER compared with CHEESE was significant among men (+6.0%, P = 0.047) but not women (+2.9%, P = 0.19), whereas the increase after MUFA compared with CHEESE was significant among women (+9.1%, P = 0.008) but not men (-0.6%, P = 0.99)., Conclusion: These results provide evidence of a food matrix effect modulating the impact of dairy SFAs on HDL-mediated CEC with potential sex-related differences that deserve further investigation. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02106208.
A small dose of whey protein co-ingested with mixed-macronutrient breakfast and lunch meals improves postprandial glycemia and suppresses appetite in men with type 2 diabetes: a randomized controlled trial.; Background: Large doses of whey protein consumed as a preload before single high-glycemic load meals has been shown to improve postprandial glycemia in type 2 diabetes. It is unclear if this effect remains with smaller doses of whey co-ingested at consecutive mixed-macronutrient meals. Moreover, whether hydrolyzed whey offers further benefit under these conditions is unclear., Objective: The aim of this study was to investigate postprandial glycemic and appetite responses after small doses of intact and hydrolyzed whey protein co-ingested with mixed-nutrient breakfast and lunch meals in men with type 2 diabetes., Design: In a randomized, single-blind crossover design, 11 men with type 2 diabetes [mean +/- SD age: 54.9 +/- 2.3 y; glycated hemoglobin: 6.8% +/- 0.3% (51.3 +/- 3.4 mmol/mol)] attended the laboratory on 3 mornings and consumed 1) intact whey protein (15 g), 2) hydrolyzed whey protein (15 g), or 3) placebo (control) immediately before mixed-macronutrient breakfast and lunch meals, separated by 3 h. Blood samples were collected periodically and were processed for insulin, intact glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1), gastric inhibitory polypeptide (GIP), leptin, peptide tyrosine tyrosine (PYY3-36), and amino acid concentrations. Interstitial glucose was measured during and for 24 h after each trial. Subjective appetite was assessed with the use of visual analog scales., Results: Total postprandial glycemia area under the curve was reduced by 13% +/- 3% after breakfast following the intact whey protein when compared with control (P < 0.05). Hydrolyzed whey attenuated early glucose after breakfast when compared with control (P < 0.05). Glycemia was improved postlunch after the intact whey protein only when compared with control (P < 0.05). Greater satiety was observed after the intact whey protein only after both meals when compared with control (P < 0.05). Insulin concentrations increased after both the intact and hydrolyzed whey protein, showing strong positive correlations with increases in valine and isoleucine (P < 0.05). Incretin and appetite regulatory hormone responses were similar across trials (P > 0.05)., Conclusions: The consumption of a small 15-g dose of intact whey protein immediately before consecutive mixed-macronutrient meals improves postprandial glycemia, stimulates insulin release, and increases satiety in men with type 2 diabetes. This trial was registered at www.clinicialtrials.gov as NCT02903199.
Evaluation of EMLA cream for relieving pain during needle insertion on totally implantable venous access device.; PURPOSE:: Needle insertion is a routine procedure performed on cancer patients with totally implantable venous access device. Although this procedure is painful for most of the patients, it is regularly performed without topical application of local anesthetics. In our study, we assess the degree of pain associated with different duration times of EMLA cream., METHODS:: A total of 361 cancer patients with totally implantable venous access devices were randomly divided into three groups: group 1-placebo, group 2-30 min after application of EMLA, and group 3-60 min after application of EMLA. In this double-blinded prospective study, the efficacy of EMLA cream was compared with a placebo cream by comparing the degree of pain experienced by the patient who was evaluated during and after needle insertion on a numeric rating scale., RESULTS:: The mean +/- standard deviation of pain experienced by the patients was significantly (p < 0.05) lower in group C (0.69 +/- 0.98) than groups B (1.11 +/- 1.14) and A (1.91 +/- 1.40). No significant (p > 0.05) difference was found in mean scores from inexperienced and experienced procedures of needle insertions among three groups. Comparing male patients, the female patients in group 1 and group 2 had lower numeric rating scale (1.59 +/- 0.94, 1.39 +/- 1.35; p < 0.01)., CONCLUSION:: The present results review that the application of EMLA cream for 30 min is suitable, acceptable, and convenient in cancer patients with totally implantable venous access device undergoing needle insertion.
Randomized clinical trial testing the efficacy and safety of 0.5% colchicine cream versus photodynamic therapy with methyl aminolevulinate in the treatment of skin field cancerization: study protocol.; BACKGROUND: The primary clinical manifestation of skin field cancerization is the presence of actinic keratoses (AKs). Current treatments for AKs related to skin field cancerization include photodynamic therapy (PDT) and colchicine. The objective of this study is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of 0.5% colchicine cream versus PDT with methyl aminolevulinate (MAL-PDT) in the treatment of skin field cancerization., METHODS: In a randomized controlled and open clinical trial with a blind histopathological and immunohistochemical analysis, 36 patients with up to 10 AKs on their forearms will be included from the outpatient clinic. The forearms will be randomized into two groups, clinically evaluated and biopsied for histopathology and immunohistochemistry (p53 and Ki67). One forearm will be treated with 0.5% colchicine cream for 10 days, and the other forearm will receive one session of MAL-PDT; the forearms will subsequently be reassessed clinically and histologically after 60 days (T60) of treatment. The primary endpoint will be the point of complete clearance of AKs in T60. The sample size will enable a detection in the reduction of over 10% in AK counts between the groups with power of 0.9 and an alpha of 0.05, accounting for an estimated dropout rate of 10%, resulting in 36 patients (72 forearms). All participants included in the randomized study will be part of the analysis, and the final outcomes of any dropouts will be the value of their last visit (LOCF). The statistical analysis will be performed using SPSS 22.0, and a p value < 5% will be considered to be significant., DISCUSSION: It is expected that colchicine will be superior to MAL-PDT in reducing AKs and in the skin field cancerization, and there will be good tolerability in both groups. Colchicine intervention is novel in that it provides a new alternative to MAL-PDT. Moreover, this drug is inexpensive that may be a potential treatment of skin field cancerization that can be prescribed in public health systems with good results., TRIAL REGISTRATION: The trial is registered in Brazilian Registry for Clinical Trials (Registration number: RBR-8y3sj9 , date assigned May 4, 2016, retrospectively registered).
The effects of prebiotic supplementation on weight gain, diarrhoea, constipation, fever and respiratory tract infections in the first year of life.; AIM: This study was conducted to evaluate the effect of prebiotics on some common clinical ailments in healthy term infants., METHODS: Sixty healthy-term, breastfed (BF) infants were included. Along with these infants, 120 healthy-term formula-fed infants were randomly assigned to either the prebiotic formula (PF, n = 60) or regular formula (RF, n = 60) groups. Ready-to-use prebiotic-supplemented formula containing galacto-oligosaccharides and polydextrose (ratio 1:1) was used., RESULTS: At 2 months of age, PF infants demonstrated significantly higher weight gain than BF and RF. At 6 months of age, bodyweight was significantly higher in the RF group compared to BF and PF groups (P < 0.05). Similar results were seen at 8, 10 and 12 months of age. At 10 months of age, the duration of diarrhoea was significantly shorter in PF-fed compared to the RF (P = 0.03) group. A significant difference was found between PF and RF (P < 0.0001) and BF and RF groups (P = 0.002) for diarrhoea duration. Means of constipation episodes per year were 0.03 +/- 0.18, 0.433 +/- 0.77 and 0.1 +/- 0.30 for the BF, RF and PF groups, respectively, with significant difference found between BF and RF (P = 0.006) and PF and RF (P = 0.02). The means of episodes of respiratory tract infections per year for BF, RF and PF groups were 1 +/- 0.69, 1.6 +/- 0.88 and 1 +/- 0.58, respectively (P = 0.01)., CONCLUSION: Prebiotic-supplemented and regular formula were similar to breast milk regarding prophylactic effects for diarrhoea, constipation and respiratory tract infections in the first year of life. Prebiotic-supplemented formula may be an appropriate substitution for breast milk when breast milk in unavailable. Copyright © 2018 Paediatrics and Child Health Division (The Royal Australasian College of Physicians).
Whey protein lowers systolic blood pressure and Ca-caseinate reduces serum TAG after a high-fat meal in mildly hypertensive adults.; Epidemiological studies show an inverse association between dairy consumption and blood pressure (BP) but there are few data on the postprandial effects of milk proteins. This study examined their effects, compared to maltodextrin, on postprandial BP and other CVD risk markers in volunteers with mild and pre-hypertension over an 8 h period. In this double-blinded, randomised, cross-over, controlled study 27 adults ingested a high-fat, isoenergetic breakfast and lunch with 28 g whey protein, 28 g Ca-caseinate or 27 g maltodextrin. Whey protein reduced systolic BP compared with Ca-caseinate (-15.2 +/- 13.6 mmHg) and maltodextrin (-23.4 +/- 10.5 mmHg) up to 5 h post-ingestion. There was an improvement in arterial stiffness after whey protein compared with maltodextrin (incremental Area Under the Curve- iAUC0-8h: +14.4 +/- 6.2%). Despite similar glucose levels after both whey protein and Ca-caseinate, whey protein induced a higher insulin response than Ca-caseinate (iAUC0-8h: +219.5 +/- 54.6 pmol/L). Ca-caseinate induced less suppression of non-esterified fatty acids than whey protein (iAUC0-5h: -58.9 +/- 135.5 mumol/L) and maltodextrin (iAUC0-5h: -106.9 +/- 89.4 mumol/L) and induced a smaller postprandial triacylglycerol response than whey protein (iAUC0-8h: -1.68 +/- 0.6 mmol/L). Milk proteins co-ingestion with high-fat meals may have the potential to maintain or improve CVD risk factors.
Whey Protein Supplementation Improves Nutritional Status, Glutathione Levels, and Immune Function in Cancer Patients: A Randomized, Double-Blind Controlled Trial.; Clinical side effects from medical therapy play an important role in causing malnutrition among cancer patients. Whey protein isolates (WPIs) have the potential to improve the nutritional status of cancer patients. The present study determined the effects of whey protein supplementation on nutritional status, glutathione (GSH) levels, immunity, and inflammatory markers in cancer patients in Thailand. A total of 42 cancer patients (41-63 years old) who received intravenous chemotherapy were randomized in a double-blind controlled trial at the National Cancer Institute in Thailand. Patients received 40 g of WPI plus zinc and selenium (intervention group, n = 23) or a maltodextrin oral snack (control group, n = 19) every day during the daytime for 12 weeks. Nutritional status, GSH levels, immunity, and inflammatory markers were assessed at baseline, 6, and 12 weeks. Whey protein supplementation significantly increased albumin (2.9%) and immunoglobulin G (4.8%) levels compared to the control group at week 12. Controls showed a significantly lower percent change in GSH levels (6.0%), whereas there was a significant time-dependent increase in the intervention group (11.7%). Whey protein supplementation improved nutrition status scores in the intervention group compared to the control. These data indicate that whey protein supplementation can increase GSH levels and improve nutritional status and immunity in cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy. These results will facilitate implementation of malnutrition risk prevention strategies and improve protein status, including immune function, during chemotherapy.
Effects of supplemented isoenergetic diets varying in cereal fiber and protein content on the bile acid metabolic signature and relation to insulin resistance.; Bile acids (BA) are potent metabolic regulators influenced by diet. We studied effects of isoenergetic increases in the dietary protein and cereal-fiber contents on circulating BA and insulin resistance (IR) in overweight and obese adults. Randomized controlled nutritional intervention (18 weeks) in 72 non-diabetic participants (overweight/obese: 29/43) with at least one further metabolic risk factor. Participants were group-matched and allocated to four isoenergetic supplemented diets: control; high cereal fiber (HCF); high-protein (HP); or moderately increased cereal fiber and protein (MIX). Whole-body IR and insulin-mediated suppression of hepatic endogenous glucose production were measured using euglycaemic-hyperinsulinemic clamps with [6-62H2] glucose infusion. Circulating BA, metabolic biomarkers, and IR were measured at 0, 6, and 18 weeks. Under isoenergetic conditions, HP-intake worsened IR in obese participants after 6 weeks (M-value: 3.77 +/- 0.58 vs. 3.07 +/- 0.44 mg/kg/min, p = 0.038), with partial improvement back to baseline levels after 18 weeks (3.25 +/- 0.45 mg/kg/min, p = 0.089). No deleterious effects of HP-intake on IR were observed in overweight participants. HCF-diet improved IR in overweight participants after 6 weeks (M-value 4.25 +/- 0.35 vs. 4.81 +/- 0.31 mg/kg/min, p = 0.016), but did not influence IR in obese participants. Control and MIX diets did not influence IR. HP-induced, but not HCF-induced changes in IR strongly correlated with changes of BA profiles. MIX-diet significantly increased most BA at 18 weeks in obese, but not in overweight participants. BA remained unchanged in controls. Pooled BA concentrations correlated with fasting fibroblast growth factor-19 (FGF-19) plasma levels (r = 0.37; p = 0.003). Higher milk protein intake was the only significant dietary predictor for raised total and primary BA in regression analyses (total BA, p = 0.017; primary BA, p = 0.011). Combined increased intake of dietary protein and cereal fibers markedly increased serum BA concentrations in obese, but not in overweight participants. Possible mechanisms explaining this effect may include compensatory increases of the BA pool in the insulin resistant, obese state; or defective BA transport.
Impact of topical fluorouracil cream on costs of treating keratinocyte carcinoma (nonmelanoma skin cancer) and actinic keratosis.; BACKGROUND: It is unknown whether treatment costs for keratinocyte carcinoma (KC) and actinic keratosis (AK) can be lowered by spending more on chemoprevention., OBJECTIVE: To examine the impact of 1-course treatment with topical fluorouracil (5-FU) on the face and ears on KC and AK treatment costs over 3 years., METHODS: The Veterans Affairs Keratinocyte Carcinoma Chemoprevention trial compared the efficacy of topical 5-FU 5% with that of vehicle control cream for reducing KC risk. Trial data and administrative data on costs and utilization were analyzed to measure postrandomization encounters and treatment costs for KC and AK care. Adjusted models were used to test for statistically significant differences between treatment arms for number of treatment encounters and costs., RESULTS: One year after randomization, the control arm had a higher mean number of treatment encounters for squamous cell carcinoma (0.04) than the intervention arm (0.01) (P < .01). At 1 year, the intervention arm had lower treatment and dermatologic costs: $2106 (standard deviation, $2079) compared with $2444 (standard deviation, $2716) for the control patients (P = .02). After 3 years, the intervention arm incurred a cost of $771 less per patient., LIMITATIONS: Care not provided or paid for by the Department of Veterans Affairs was not included. Results may not be generalizable to other payers., CONCLUSION: We found significant cost savings for patients treated with 5-FU. Copyright Published by Elsevier Inc.
The association of flavored milk consumption with milk and energy intake, and obesity: A systematic review.; Taxes on sugary drinks are being implemented to prevent chronic diseases. Sugar-sweetened milk has been exempt from such policies because of its nutritional value. This systematic review sought to examine whether flavored milk consumption was associated with milk and energy intake, and obesity among children. A search of PubMed, EMBASE, Cochrane, CINAHL, Web of Science, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials and the grey literature was conducted for peer-reviewed publications published before June 6, 2016 that met the following criteria: 1) English-language publications 2) studies of children ages 1 to 18years, 3) controlled experimental, cohort, case-control, systematic reviews, or meta-analysis studies 4) dependent variable: flavored milk consumption 5) independent variable: weight, weight gain, weight change, body mass index, metabolic syndrome, waist circumference, cholesterol, triglycerides, blood pressure, serum glucose, calories, sugar, or milk consumed. Of 3978 studies identified, 13 met inclusion criteria. Ten studies were experimental and three were longitudinal cohort studies. Eleven studies found that flavored milk increased overall milk intake, five of seven studies that examined energy intake showed that flavored milk increased energy intake, and one of three studies that assessed obesity outcomes demonstrated an increase in weight gain with flavored milk consumption. Only one study was a randomized controlled trial, most studies had high bias, and over half were industry-funded or did not disclose funding. Although flavoring milk may increase milk intake, added sugars may promote increased energy intake. More data regarding flavored milk's impact on health is needed to inform its role in sugary drink policies. Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of increased calcium consumption from fat-free milk in an energy-restricted diet on the metabolic syndrome and cardiometabolic outcomes in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomised cross-over clinical trial.; We investigated the effects of high-Ca fat-free milk phase (MD) (prescription of approximately 1500 mg of Ca/d) v. low-Ca phase (CD) (prescription of approximately 800 mg of Ca/d) in an energy-restricted diet on the metabolic syndrome (MetS) and cardiometabolic measures in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and low habitual Ca consumption (<600 mg/d). In this randomised cross-over design, fourteen adults with T2DM (49.5 (sd 8.6) years, BMI 29.4 (sd 4.5) kg/m2) consumed either MD or CD for 12 weeks, with a washout of 18 weeks between phases. A breakfast shake containing 700 mg (MD) or 6.4 mg (CD) of Ca was consumed in the laboratory. In addition, energy-restricted diets were prescribed (800 mg of dietary Ca/d). Waist circumference (WC), fasting glucose, fasting TAG, systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP), fasting total cholesterol, fasting LDL-cholesterol, fasting HDL-cholesterol, HDL:LDL ratio, HDL:TAG ratio and lipid accumulation product (LAP) index were assessed at baseline and after each phase. Ca consumption during the study was equivalent to 1200 mg/d during MD and 525 mg/d during CD. There was a greater reduction in WC, SBP, DBP and LAP index after MD compared with CD. HDL:LDL ratio increased and total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, SBP, DBP and LAP index decreased only in MD. The consumption of approximately 1200 mg of Ca/d (700 mg from fat-free milk+500mg from other dietary sources) associated with an energy-restricted diet decreased some of the MetS components and cardiometabolic measures in adults with T2DM.
A randomized, multinational, noninferiority, phase III trial to evaluate the safety and efficacy of BF-200 aminolaevulinic acid gel vs. methyl aminolaevulinate cream in the treatment of nonaggressive basal cell carcinoma with photodynamic therapy.; BACKGROUND: Basal cell carcinoma (BCC) represents the most common nonmelanoma skin cancer worldwide, affecting mainly adult, fair-skinned individuals. The World Health Organization distinguishes aggressive and nonaggressive forms, of which prototypical variants of the latter are primary nodular and superficial BCC., OBJECTIVES: To demonstrate noninferiority of BF-200 ALA (a nanoemulsion gel containing 5-aminolaevulinic acid) compared with MAL (a cream containing methyl aminolaevulinate) in the treatment of nonaggressive BCC with photodynamic therapy (PDT). Noninferiority of the primary efficacy variable (overall patient complete response 12 weeks after last PDT) would be declared if the mean response for BF-200 ALA was no worse than that for MAL, within a statistical margin of DELTA = -15%., METHODS: The study was a randomized, phase III trial performed in Germany and the U.K. with ongoing 5-year follow-up. Of 281 randomized patients, 138 were treated with BF-200 ALA and 143 with MAL. Patients received two PDT sessions 1 week apart. Remaining lesions 12 weeks after the second PDT were retreated. Illumination was performed with a red light source (635 nm, 37 J cm-2 ). The results shown include clinical end points and patients' reassessment 12 months after the last PDT. The study was registered with EudraCT (number 2013-003241-42)., RESULTS: Of the BF-200 ALA-treated patients, 93.4% were complete responders compared with 91.8% in the MAL group. The difference of means was 1.6, with a one-sided 97.5% confidence interval of -6.5, establishing noninferiority (P < 0.0001). The results for secondary efficacy parameters were in line with the primary outcome. Recurrence rates 12 months after the last treatment were <= 10%., CONCLUSIONS: Treatment of nonaggressive BCC with BF-200 ALA-PDT is highly effective and well tolerated with proven noninferiority to MAL-PDT. It demonstrates low recurrence rates after 1 year of follow-up. Copyright © 2018 The Authors. British Journal of Dermatology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of British Association of Dermatologists.
Randomized double-blind controlled clinical trial of the blood pressure-lowering effect of fermented milk with Lactococcus lactis: A pilot study.; The blood pressure-lowering effect of fermented milk with Lactococcus lactis NRRL B-50571 was evaluated in a double-blind randomized controlled clinical trial with prehypertensive subjects. Participants were randomized into 2 groups (n = 18 each group): one group treated with fermented milk with Lactococcus lactis NRRL B-50571 and a control group treated with artificially acidified milk. Results revealed that during daily consumption of fermented milk for 5 wk, systolic [(116.55 +/- 12.26 mmHg vs. 124.77 +/- 11.04 mmHg) and diastolic blood pressure (80.7 +/- 9 vs. 84.5 +/- 8.5 mmHg)] from the fermented milk group was lower than the control group. Additionally, triglyceride, total cholesterol, and low-density lipoprotein in blood serum were lower in the fermented milk group than in the control group. Results demonstrated that daily consumption of fermented milk with Lactococcus lactis (NRRL B-50571) had a blood pressure-lowering effect on prehypertensive subjects. Regular consumption of this product may be used as a potential functional food. Copyright © 2018 American Dairy Science Association. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of a galactagogue herbal tea on breast milk production and prolactin secretion by mothers of preterm babies.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Poor breast milk production is the most frequent cause of breastfeeding failure in preterm babies. The aim of our study is to evaluate the effect of herbal tea mixture containing stinging nettle (Natal, Hipp) on breast milk production and serum prolactin levels of mothers, and weight gain of preterm babies., MATERIALS AND METHODS: We enrolled mothers and their babies who were less than 37 gestational week and less than 2000 g, fed with orogastric tube without any contraindication of enteral feeding in neonatal intensive care unit between November 2010 and June 2011. The mothers of treatment group (n = 32) were consuming commercially available herbal mixture tea for 1 week. The mothers control group (n = 21) received only the same advice on supportive measures as group I. Mothers in the placebo group (n = 32) were given fruit tea for 1 week. The daily breast milk production of mothers and weight gain of preterm babies were recorded. Also, serum prolactin levels of the mothers were measured., RESULTS: Increase of the milk production from the first to the seventh day was more prominent in mothers using herbal tea mixture. Increased rate in the amount of milk was 80% in the treatment, 34.3% in the placebo and 30% in the control group (P = 0.000). There was no statistically significant difference in weight gain of babies between the two groups, due to formula feeding in case of insufficient breast milk. Serum prolactin levels of the mothers at the beginning and on the seventh day showed no significant difference., CONCLUSIONS: In mothers with premature babies and who are treated in neonatal intensive care unit, consumption of galactogogue herbal tea will increase lactation and prevent lack of human milk without any adverse effect.
Changes in eating behavior and plasma leptin in children with obesity participating in a family-centered lifestyle intervention.; The goal of childhood obesity lifestyle interventions are to positively change body composition, however it is unknown if interventions also modulate factors that are related to energy intake. This study aimed to examine changes in eating behaviors and plasma leptin concentrations in overweight and obese children participating in a 1-year family-centered lifestyle intervention. Interventions were based on Canadian diet and physical activity (PA) guidelines. Children were randomized to 1 of 3 groups: Control (Ctrl; no intervention), Standard treatment (StnTx: 2 servings milk and alternatives/day (d), 3x/wk weight-bearing PA), or Modified treatment (ModTx: 4 servings milk and alternatives/day; daily weight-bearing PA). Study visits occurred every 3-months for 1-y; interventions were held once a month for 6-months with one follow-up visit at 8-months. Ctrl received counselling after 1-y. Caregivers completed the Children's Eating Behavior Questionnaire (CEBQ) and reported on diet and activity. Plasma leptin were measured from morning fasted blood samples. Seventy-eight children (mean age 7.8+/-0.8y; mean BMI 24.4+/-3.3kg/m2) participated; 94% completed the study. Compared to baseline, at 6-months StnTx reduced Emotional Overeating and Desire to Drink scores (p<0.05) while Food Responsiveness scores were reduced in both StnTx and ModTx (p<0.05). At 1-year, scores for Desire to Drink in StnTx remained reduced compared to baseline (p<0.05). Plasma leptin concentrations were significantly lower in ModTx at 6-months compared to baseline (p<0.05). This study resulted in intervention groups favorably changing eating behaviors, supporting the use family-centered lifestyle interventions using Canadian diet and PA recommendations for children with obesity. Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The effects of added whey protein to a pre-operative carbohydrate drink on glucose and insulin response.; BACKGROUND: Pre-operative complex carbohydrate (CHO) drinks are recommended to attenuate post-operative insulin resistance. However, many institutions use simple CHO drinks, which while convenient, may have less metabolic effects. Whey protein may enhance insulin release when added to complex CHO. The aim of this study was to compare the insulin response to simple CHO vs. simple CHO supplemented with whey protein., METHODS: Twelve healthy volunteers participated in this double-blinded, within subject, cross-over design study investigating insulin response to simple CHO drink vs. simple CHO + whey (CHO + W) drink. The primary outcome was the accumulated insulin response during 180 min after ingestion of the drinks (Area under the curve, AUC). Secondary outcomes included plasma glucose and ghrelin levels, and gastric emptying rate estimated by acetaminophen absorption technique. Data presented as mean (SD)., RESULTS: There was no differences in accumulated insulin response after the CHO or CHO + W drinks [AUC: 15 (8) vs. 20 (14) nmol/l, P = 0.27]. Insulin and glucose levels peaked between 30 and 60 min and reached 215 (95) pmol/l and 7 (1) mmol/l after the CHO drink and to 264 (232) pmol/l and 6.5 (1) mmol/l after the CHO + W drink. There were no differences in glucose or ghrelin levels or gastric emptying with the addition of whey., CONCLUSION: The addition of whey protein to a simple CHO drink did not change the insulin response in healthy individuals. The peak insulin responses to simple CHO with or without whey protein were lower than that previously reported with complex CHO drinks. The impact of simple carbohydrate drinks with lower insulin response on peri-operative insulin sensitivity requires further study. Copyright © 2018 The Acta Anaesthesiologica Scandinavica Foundation. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Pre-Meal Effect of Whey Proteins on Metabolic Parameters in Subjects with and without Type 2 Diabetes: A Randomized, Crossover Trial.; Diabetic dyslipidemia with elevated postprandial triglyceride (TG) responses is characteristic in type 2 diabetes (T2D). Diet and meal timing can modify postprandial lipemia (PPL). The impact of a pre-meal of whey proteins (WP) on lipid metabolism is unidentified. We determined whether a WP pre-meal prior to a fat-rich meal influences TG and apolipoprotein B-48 (ApoB-48) responses differentially in patients with and without T2D. Two matched groups of 12 subjects with and without T2D accomplished an acute, randomized, cross-over trial. A pre-meal of WP (20 g) or water (control) was consumed 15 min before a fat-rich meal (supplemented with 20 g WP in case of water pre-meal). Postprandial responses were examined during a 360-min period. A WP pre-meal significantly increased postprandial concentrations of insulin (P < 0.0001), glucagon (P < 0.0001) and glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide (GIP) (P < 0.0001) in subjects with and without T2D. We detected no effects of the WP pre-meal on TG, ApoB-48, or non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) responses to the fat-rich meal in either group. Paracetamol absorption i.e. gastric emptying was delayed by the WP pre-meal (P = 0.039). In conclusion, the WP pre-meal induced similar hormone and lipid responses in subjects with and without T2D. Thus, the WP pre-meal enhanced insulin, glucagon and GIP responses but did not influence lipid or glucose responses. In addition, we demonstrated that a WP pre-meal reduced gastric emptying in both groups.
EVITA-a double-blind, vehicle-controlled, randomized phase II trial of vitamin K1 cream as prophylaxis for cetuximab-induced skin toxicity.; Background: Acne-like skin rash is a frequently occurring adverse event associated with drugs against the epidermal growth factor receptor. This randomized vehicle-controlled study investigated the addition of vitamin K1 cream to doxycycline in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer treated with cetuximab., Patients and methods: Patients receiving first-line cetuximab + FOLFIRI were randomly assigned to prophylactic treatment with doxycylin and vitamin K1 cream or doxycycline and the vehicle. The primary end point of the study was the incidence of grade >= 2 skin rash (NCI CTCAE version 4.02) during 8 weeks of skin treatment. Secondary end points comprised skin rash according to a more thorough tripartite skin toxicity score (WoMo), quality of life, efficacy, and compliance. The study had 80% power to show a 20% reduction of the incidence of grade >= 2 skin rash., Results: A total of 126 patients were analyzed. The incidence of skin rash grade >= 2 was comparable between the arms. Likewise, no difference was seen in the WoMo score with respect to the percentage of skin affected. However, starting in week 5 and increasing over time patients treated with vitamin K1 cream had less severe rash and fewer fissures. Quality of life as well as efficacy and compliance with study medication and anticancer treatment was comparable in both arms., Conclusion: The primary end point of decreasing grade >= 2 skin rash was not met. However, using vitamin K1 cream as part of prophylactic treatment decreased the severity of acne-like skin rash according to WoMo, an alternative and more thorough skin toxicity scoring tool.
Vitamin D3-fortified milk did not affect glycemic control, lipid profile, and anthropometric measures in patients with type 2 diabetes, a triple-blind randomized clinical trial.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The effect of vitamin D on glycemic status of diabetes patients is controversial. The objective was to assess the effect of vitamin D3-fortified milk on cardiometabolic markers of patients with type 2 diabetes., SUBJECTS/METHODS: In this randomized triple-blind, placebo-controlled trial, 102 patients (34 males and 68 females) aged 31-74 years with type 2 diabetes were randomized to receive either 250 ml unfortified or 250 ml 1000 IU vitamin D3-fortified milk daily for 9 weeks. Anthropometric characteristics, blood pressure, and serum levels of glucose, insulin, and lipids were determined at baseline and after 9 weeks., RESULTS: Serum 25-hydroxy vitamin D concentrations improved in the fortified milk group compared to the control group (+14 +/- 20 vs. +4 +/- 17 ng/ml; P = 0.001). Both groups showed significant increases in serum calcium (P < 0.01) and decreases in total cholesterol, waist and hip circumference, and systolic and diastolic blood pressure (P < 0.001). Also, there was a significant reduction in body mass index of fortified milk group (P < 0.001). None of these changes were statistically significant between the two groups. Glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) significantly decreased in both groups with a more remarkable reduction in the plain milk consumers, making a significant between-group difference (7.5% compared to 3.1%; P = 0.01)., CONCLUSIONS: Overall, daily consumption of one cup of milk containing 1000 IU vitamin D3 for 9 weeks substantially improved vitamin D deficiency in patients with type 2 diabetes but it did not affect cardiometabolic parameters over that of plain milk.
Chemoprevention of Basal and Squamous Cell Carcinoma With a Single Course of Fluorouracil, 5%, Cream: A Randomized Clinical Trial.; Importance: Keratinocyte carcinoma (ie, cutaneous basal and squamous cell carcinoma) is the most common cancer in the United States., Objective: To determine whether topical fluorouracil could prevent surgically treated keratinocyte carcinoma., Design, Setting, and Participants: The Veterans Affairs Keratinocyte Carcinoma Chemoprevention Trial was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of topical fluorouracil for chemoprevention of keratinocyte carcinoma. Participants were recruited from May 2009 to September 2011 from 12 Veterans Affairs medical centers and followed until June 30, 2013. Participants were veterans (n = 932) with a history of at least 2 keratinocyte carcinomas in the past 5 years; almost all were white males and the median age was 70 years., Interventions: Application of fluorouracil, 5%, (n = 468) or vehicle control cream (n = 464) to the face and ears twice daily for 2 to 4 weeks upon randomization., Main Outcomes and Measures: Surgically treated keratinocyte, basal cell, and squamous cell carcinoma risk on the face and ears in the first year after enrollment; and time to first surgically treated keratinocyte, basal cell, and squamous cell carcinoma. The a priori hypothesis was that fluorouracil would be effective in preventing these cancers., Results: Of 932 participants (916 men [98%]; 926 white [99%]; median age, 70 years), 299 developed a basal cell carcinoma end point (95 in year 1) and 108 developed a squamous cell carcinoma end point (25 in year 1) over 4 years (median follow-up, 2.8 years). Over the entire study, there was no difference between treatment groups in time to first keratinocyte, basal cell, or squamous cell carcinoma. During the first year, however, 5 participants (1%) in the fluorouracil group developed a squamous cell carcinoma vs 20 (4%) in the control group, a 75% (95% CI, 35%-91%) risk reduction (P = .002). The 11% reduction in basal cell carcinoma risk during year 1 (45 [10%] in the fluorouracil group vs 50 [11%] in the control group) was not statistically significant (95% CI, 39% reduction to 31% increase), nor was there a significant effect on keratinocyte carcinoma risk. However, a reduction in keratinocyte carcinomas treated with Mohs surgery was observed., Conclusions and Relevance: A conventional course of fluorouracil to the face and ears substantially reduces surgery for squamous cell carcinoma for 1 year without significantly affecting the corresponding risk for basal cell carcinoma., Trial Registration: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00847912.
Nil Whey Protein Effect on Glycemic Control after Intense Mixed-Mode Training in Type 2 Diabetes.; Although intense endurance and resistance exercise training and whey protein supplementation have both been shown to independently improve glycemic control, no known studies have examined the effect of high-intensity mixed-mode interval training (MMIT) and whey supplementation in adults with Type 2 diabetes (T2D)., PURPOSE: This study aimed to determine if peritraining whey protein supplementation combined with MMIT can improve glycemic control., METHODS: In a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial, 24 men (55.7 +/- 5.6 yr) with T2D performed MMIT with whey (20 g) or placebo control for 10 wk. Glycemic control was assessed via glucose disposal rate during a euglycemic insulin clamp, fasting blood glucose concentration, and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance. Changes in peak oxygen consumption, 1-repetition maximum strength, vastus lateralis muscle, and subcutaneous adipose thicknesses, and waist circumference were also assessed., RESULTS: Ten weeks of MMIT substantially improved glucose disposal rate by 27.5% (90% confidence interval, 1.2%-60.7%) and 24.8% (-5.4% to 64.8%) in the whey and control groups, respectively. There were likely and possible reductions in fasting blood glucose by -17.4% (-30.6% to -1.6%) and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance by -14.1% (-25.3% to 1.08%) in the whey group; however, whey effects were not clearly beneficial to glycemic outcomes relative to the control. MMIT also clearly substantially improved 1-repetition maximum by 20.6% (16.3%-24.9%) and 22.7% (18.4%-27.2%), peak oxygen consumption by 22.6% (12.0%-26.2%) and 18.5% (10.5%-27.4%), and vastus lateralis muscle thickness by 18.9% (12.0%-26.2%) and 18.6% (10.5%-27.4%) and possibly reduced waist circumference by -2.1% (-3.1% to -1.0%) and -1.9% (-3.7% to -0.1%) in the control and whey groups, respectively, but the whey-control outcome was trivial or unclear., CONCLUSIONS: A clinically meaningful enhancement in glycemic control after 10 wk of MMIT was not clearly advanced with peritraining whey protein supplementation in middle-age men with T2D.
Effect of high milk and sugar-sweetened and non-caloric soft drink intake on insulin sensitivity after 6 months in overweight and obese adults: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Milk contributes with saturated fat, but randomized controlled trials (RCT) on the effects of dairy on the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) where dairy is given as whole foods are scarce. The objective of our study was to investigate the long-term effects of semi-skimmed milk on insulin sensitivity and further to compare milk with sugar-sweetened soft drinks (SSSD)., SUBJECTS/METHODS: A secondary analysis of a 6-month RCT with 60 overweight and obese subjects randomly assigned to 1 L/d of either milk (1.5 g fat/100 mL), SSSD, non-calorie soft drink (NCSD), or water was conducted. Insulin sensitivity was evaluated by oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and plasma free fatty acids. Second, fasting blood lipids, blood pressure, and concentration of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 were assessed., RESULTS: There were no differences between milk, SSSD, NCSD, and water on insulin sensitivity assessed by OGTT (Matsuda Index, fasting, and area under the curve glucose, insulin and homeostasis model assessment values). SSSD increased total cholesterol compared to NCSD (P = 0.007), and triacylglycerol compared to NCSD and water (P = 0.045 and 0.045, respectively). None of the other parameters differed significantly between the groups., CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, there were no differences in effect between intake of milk, SSSD, NCSD, and water (1 L/d) for 6-month on risk markers of T2D in overweight and obese adults. As a secondary analysis, these results need confirmation in future studies.
Effect of whole milk compared with skimmed milk on fasting blood lipids in healthy adults: a 3-week randomized crossover study.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Dietary guidelines have for decades recommended choosing low-fat dairy products due to the high content of saturated fat in dairy known to increase blood concentration of LDL cholesterol. However, meta-analyses including observational studies show no association between overall dairy intake and risk of cardiovascular disease and even point to an inverse association with type 2 diabetes. The objective was to compare the effects of whole milk (3.5% fat) with skimmed milk (0.1% fat) on fasting serum blood lipids, insulin, and plasma glucose in healthy subjects., SUBJECT/METHODS: A randomized, controlled 2 x 3-week crossover dietary intervention in 18 healthy adults randomly assigned to a sequence of treatments consisting of 0.5 L/d of whole milk and skimmed milk as part of their habitual diet. A total of 17 subjects completed the intervention., RESULTS: Whole milk increased HDL cholesterol concentrations significantly compared to skimmed milk (P < 0.05). There were no significant differences between whole milk and skimmed milk in effects on total and LDL cholesterol, triacylglycerol, insulin, and glucose concentrations., CONCLUSIONS: Intake of 0.5 L/d of whole milk did not adversely affect fasting blood lipids, glucose, or insulin compared to skimmed milk. Moreover, intake of whole milk increased HDL cholesterol concentration compared to skimmed milk. These findings suggest that if the higher energy content is taken into account, whole milk might be considered a part of a healthy diet among the normocholesterolemic population.
A two-center, assessor-blinded, prospective trial evaluating the efficacy of a novel hypertonic draining cream for cellulite reduction: A Clinical and instrumental (Antera 3D CS) assessment.; INTRODUCTION: Gynoid lipodystrophy, also known as cellulite, is a very common skin alteration representing mainly a cosmetic problem rather than a real disease. An effective treatment of cellulite has not been well established. The initial phase of cellulite is characterized by subdermal tissue edema with interstitial fluids retention. A new hypertonic topical product with draining action (HTC) containing NaCl 13%, escine, caffeine, and beta-sitosterol has been recently developed. A 28-day double-blind placebo-controlled study has shown that this cream is able to reduce thigh circumference and the thickness of adipose tissue. No data so far are available regarding an objective evaluation of skin appearance for a longer application period., STUDY AIM: To evaluate the clinical efficacy of 2-month HCT treatment with clinical and instrumental assessments., SUBJECTS AND METHODS: In a prospective, 2-center, assessor-blinded trial 20 women (mean age 34 years) with cellulite of Grade I-III in severity were enrolled after their informed consent. HTC was applied once daily for 60 days. Primary outcomes of the trial were the evolution of thigh circumference measurements (assessed at baseline, after 1 and 2 months) and the computer-analysis of skin profilometry (ie, skin volumes) of a prespecified target area evaluated by means of Antera 3D CS digitalized images (assessed at baseline and at the end of the trial). Secondary outcome was the orange peel severity score (from 0 to 5) before and after pitch test., RESULTS: All subjects concluded the study period. Thigh circumference was reduced by -0.88 (right)/-1.2 cm (left) and by -1.8(right)/-2.1 (left) cm, after 30 and 60 days of treatment, respectively (P = .001, Wilcoxon test vs baseline). Antera 3D profilometry of the target zone showed a significant reduction in skin depression expressed in mm3 of -56% (from 59.7 to 26.73 mm3 ) after HTC application. Orange peel (no pitch test) mean (SD) score was 2.3 (1) at baseline, 2.0 (1) and 1.8 (0.8) after 1 and 2 months (P = .0031), respectively. After-pitch orange peel score was significantly reduced after treatment (from 3.3 to 2.2)., CONCLUSION: Once daily application of HTC for 2 months has confirmed its efficacy in the improvement of objective and subjective assessments of cellulite parameters.(Trial Number registration: ISRCTN15111614). Copyright © 2017 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Cardiovascular benefits of combined interval training and post-exercise nutrition in type 2 diabetes.; AIM: The purpose of this study was to examine whether the combination of high-intensity interval training (HIIT) and post-exercise protein supplementation would improve cardiovascular outcomes in individuals with T2D., METHODS: In a double-blind controlled trial, fifty-three adults with T2D (free of CVD and not on exogenous insulin) were randomized to 12weeks of cardio and resistance-based HIIT (4-10x1min at 90% maximal heart rate) with post-exercise milk, milk-protein, or placebo supplementation, thrice weekly. Before and after, carotid and femoral artery intima media thickness (IMT) and femoral flow profiles were assessed using high-resolution ultrasound. Central and peripheral arterial stiffness were assessed by pulse wave velocity (PWV), and resting and maximal heart rate rates were measured., RESULTS: After 12weeks of HIIT femoral IMT (Pre: 0.84+/-0.21mm vs. Post: 0.81+/-0.16mm, p=0.03), carotid-femoral PWV (Pre: 10.1+/-3.2m/s vs. Post: 8.6+/-1.8m/s, p<0.01) and resting heart rate (Pre: 70.4+/-10.8bpm vs. Post: 67.8+/-8.6 bpm, p=0.01) were all significantly lower. There were no differences between nutrition groups (all significant main effects of time) for all outcomes., CONCLUSION: HIIT reduces femoral IMT, arterial stiffness and resting heart rate in individuals with T2D. The addition of post-exercise milk or protein to HIIT did not have additive effects for improving cardiovascular outcomes in the present study. Taken together, HIIT alone may be an effective means to reduce the burden of cardiovascular complications in T2D. Copyright © 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The effect of hair removal after surgery for sacrococcygeal pilonidal sinus disease: a systematic review of the literature.; BACKGROUND: It has been suggested that removal of body hair in the sacrococcygeal area prevents recurrence after surgery for sacrococcygeal pilonidal sinus disease (SPSD). The aim of this study was to review the literature regarding the effect of hair depilation on the recurrence rate in patients surgically treated for SPSD., METHODS: A systematic search was performed in PubMed, EMBASE, and The Cochrane Library by using synonyms for SPSD. Title, abstract, and full text were screened by two independent reviewers. Data were systematically collected from all included studies by using a standardized data extraction form., RESULTS: The search and selection yielded 14 studies, involving 963 patients. The study design of the included studies was: retrospective cohort (n = 7), prospective cohort (n = 3), randomized controlled trial (n = 2), and case-control (n = 2). The mean length of follow-up was 37.0 (standard error of the mean: 35.0) months. The recurrence rate was 9.3% (34 out of 366 patients) in patients who had laser hair removal, 23.4% (36 out of 154 patients) in those who had razor shaving/cream depilation, and 19.7% (85 out of 431 patients) in those who had no hair removal after surgery for SPSD., CONCLUSIONS: This systematic review showed a lower recurrence rate after laser hair removal compared to no hair removal and razor/cream depilation. Due to the small sample size and limited methodological quality of the included studies, a high-quality randomized controlled trial is required.
Prospective comparison among three intrarectal anesthetic treatments combined with periprostatic nerve block during transrectal ultrasonography-guided prostate biopsy.; BACKGROUND: Recent trends in prostate biopsy analgesia suggest a combination anesthetic to provide better pain relief than periprostatic nerve block (PPNB) alone. This study aimed to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of three intrarectal local anesthesia (IRLA) combined with PPNB in patients undergoing transrectal ultrasonography (TRUS)-guided prostate biopsy., METHODS: In this prospective, randomized study, 120 prostate biopsy patients were equally divided into four IRLA groups: group 1 (placebo) received simple lubrication; group 2 received 2% lidocaine gel; group 3 received 100 mg indomethacin suppository and group 4 received 5% prilocaine/lidocaine (EMLA) cream. PPNB with 2% lidocaine was applied in all groups. A ten-point visual analog scale evaluated both pain associated with the probe insertion and pain associated with prostate sampling. Adverse effects or complications due to anesthesia during and after the procedure were documented., RESULTS: Compared with group 1, groups 3 and 4 had significantly lower pain scores at both probe insertion and prostate sampling while group 2 showed no significant differences at both pain scores. Moreover, group 4 showed significantly lower pain scores at probe insertion compared to group 3, while no significant difference was observed at prostate sampling. Mild complications were observed in all groups with no significant difference in the incidence of complications between groups., CONCLUSION: Intrarectal application of EMLA cream is a more efficient pain reduction than either 2% lidocaine gel or 100 mg indomethacin suppository when applied combined with PPNB. This combination represents an effective option of pain relief for patients undergoing TRUS-guided prostate biopsy.
Predictors of death in infants with probable serious bacterial infection.; BackgroundBacterial infections account for a significant proportion of neonatal and infant mortality globally. We aimed to identify predictors of death in infants with probable serious bacterial infection (PSBI) defined as signs/symptoms of possible serious bacterial infection along with baseline C-reactive protein (CRP) >=12 mg/l. Methods We did a secondary analysis using the data collected from 700 infants with PSBI who participated in a randomized controlled trial in India in which zinc or placebo was given in addition to the standard antibiotics. Logistic regression was used to estimate the associations between relevant variables and death within 21 days. Results Those infants who were fed cow's milk or formula before the illness episode had 3.7-fold (95% confidence interval (CI) 1.5-9.3) and 5.3-fold (95% CI 2.0-13.6) higher odds of death, respectively. Lethargy (odds ratio (OR) 2.4, 95% CI 1.1-5.4) and CRP (OR 1.9, 95% CI 1.1-3.3) were also independent predictors of death. In the model including only clinical features, female gender (OR 2.25, 95% CI 1.0-5.0), abdominal distention (3.7, 95% CI 1.1-12.3), and bulging fontanelle (5.8, 95% CI 1.1-30.5) were also independent predictors for death. Conclusion Formula or cow milk feeding prior to the illness, lethargy at the time of presentation, and high serum CRP levels predicted death in infants with PSBI.
A multi-ingredient nutritional supplement enhances exercise training-related reductions in markers of systemic inflammation in healthy older men.; We evaluated whether twice-daily consumption of a multi-ingredient nutritional supplement (SUPP) would reduce systemic inflammatory markers following 6 weeks of supplementation alone (phase 1), and the subsequent addition of 12 weeks of exercise training (phase 2) in healthy older men, in comparison with a carbohydrate-based control (CON). Tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) and interleukin-6 (IL-6) concentrations were progressively reduced (P-time < 0.05) in the SUPP group. No change in TNF-alpha or IL-6 concentrations was observed in the CON group.
Effects of meal palatability on postprandial sensations.; BACKGROUND: Food palatability has been shown to influence satiation and meal consumption; our aim was to determine its effects on postprandial satisfaction, ie digestive well-being (primary outcome), and homeostatic sensations (satiety, fullness)., METHODS: Randomized, cross-over trial comparing the postprandial responses to conventional (potato-cheese cream followed by vanilla cream) vs unconventional test meals (mixture of both creams) with identical composition and physical characteristics (color, texture, consistency, temperature) but distinctively different palatability. In 22 non-obese healthy men sensations were measured on 10 cm scales before and during the 60-min postprandial period (-5 to +5 score scales for palatability, satiety, well-being, and mood, and 0-10 score scales for fullness and discomfort). Comparisons between meals were performed with a 2-way repeated measures ANCOVA with premeal data as co-variate., KEY RESULTS: As compared to the palatable conventional meal, the unconventional meal was rated unpalatable (-1.8 +/- 0.4 score vs 2.8 +/- 0.1 score potato cream and 2.9 +/- 0.2 vanilla cream; P < .001 for both), induced significantly more fullness sensation [meal effect F (1, 19) = 7.389; P = .014] but had less effect on digestive well-being [meal effect F (1, 19) = 47.016; P < .001] and mood [meal-effect F (1, 19) = 6.609; P = .019]. The difference in satiety was not significantly different., CONCLUSION & INFERENCES: Meal palatability influences the postprandial experience: it bears a direct relation to the hedonic response (well-being/mood) but an inverse relation to homeostatic sensations (fullness). These relations could be applicable to influence eating behavior, because at equal conditions, more palatable meals induce less fullness but more satisfaction, and vice-versa. Copyright © 2017 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Whey Protein Supplementation Improves Body Composition and Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Overweight and Obese Patients: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; BACKGROUND: Previous literature shows possible benefits of whey protein supplementation in promoting weight loss. However, most studies do not have enough power to show beneficial effects on body composition and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors. This meta-analysis evaluated effects of whey protein in individuals who are overweight and obese., METHODS: We comprehensively searched the databases of MEDLINE, Embase, and Cochrane databases. The inclusion criteria were published randomized control trials (RCTs) comparing whey protein supplementation to placebo or controls in individuals who are overweight or obese. The primary outcome was the differences in the change in body composition (body weight, waist circumference, total fat mass, body lean mass). We also examined the changes in CVD risk factors as secondary outcomes. We calculated pooled mean difference (MD) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) using a random effects model., RESULTS: Nine RCTs were included in the meta-analysis. There was a significant reduction of body weight (MD = 0.56, 95% CI: 0.30-0.81), lean mass (MD = 0.77, 95% CI: 0.59-0.96), and fat mass (MD = 1.12, 95% CI: 0.77-1.47) favoring the whey protein group. There were improvements in multiple CVD risk factors including levels of systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, glucose, high-density lipoprotein, and total cholesterol (all p values <0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: Whey protein supplementation seems to improve body weight, total fat mass, and some CVD risk factors in overweight and obese patients. Further studies regarding optimal dosage and duration of whey protein supplementation would be helpful to assess potential favorable effects in individuals who are overweight or obese.
The effect of Mepitel Film on acute radiation-induced skin reactions in head and neck cancer patients: a feasibility study.; OBJECTIVE: Mepitel Film significantly decreases acute radiation-induced skin reactions in breast cancer patients. Here we investigated the feasibility of using Mepitel Film in head and neck cancer patients (ACTRN12614000932662)., METHODS: Out of a total of 36 head and neck cancer patients from New Zealand (NZ) (n = 24) and China (n = 12) recruited between June 2015 and December 2016, 33 patients complied with protocol. Of these, 11 NZ patients followed a management protocol; 11 NZ patients and 11 Chinese patients followed a prophylactic protocol. An area of the neck receiving a homogenous radiation dose of > 35 Gy was divided into two equal halves; one half was randomized to Film and the other to either Sorbolene cream (NZ) or Biafine cream (China). Skin reaction severity was measured by Radiation Induced Skin Reaction Assessment Scale and expanded Radiation Therapy Oncology Group toxicity criteria. Skin dose was measured by thermoluminescent dosimeters or gafchromic film., RESULTS: Film decreased overall skin reaction severity (combined Radiation Induced Skin Reaction Assessment Scale score) by 29% and moist desquamation rates by 37% in the Chinese cohort and by 27 and 28%, respectively in the NZ cohort. Mepitel Film did not affect head movements but did not adhere well to the skin, particularly in males with heavy beard stubble, and caused itchiness, particularly in Chinese patients., CONCLUSION: Mepitel Film reduced acute radiation-induced skin reactions in our head and neck cancer patients, particularly in patients without heavy stubble. Advances in knowledge: This is the first study to confirm the feasibility of using Mepitel Film in head and neck cancer patients.
Five-Year Results of a Randomized Controlled Trial Comparing Effectiveness of Photodynamic Therapy, Topical Imiquimod, and Topical 5-Fluorouracil in Patients with Superficial Basal Cell Carcinoma.; For the treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma, a prospective, noninferiority, randomized controlled multicenter trial with 601 patients showed that 5% imiquimod cream was superior and 5-fluorouracil cream not inferior to methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL-PDT) at 1 and 3 years after treatment. No definite conclusion could be drawn regarding the superiority of imiquimod over 5-fluorouracil. We now present the 5-year follow-up results according to the intention-to-treat analysis. Five years after treatment, the probability of tumor-free survival was 62.7% for methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy (95% confidence interval [CI] = 55.3-69.2), 80.5% for imiquimod (95% CI = 74.0-85.6), and 70.0% for 5-fluorouracil (95% CI = 62.9-76.0). The hazard ratio for treatment failure of imiquimod and 5-fluorouracil were 0.48 (95% CI = 0.32-0.71, P < 0.001) and 0.74 (95% CI = 0.53-1.05, P = 0.09), respectively, when compared with methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy. Compared with 5-fluorouracil, imiquimod showed a hazard ratio of 0.65 (95% CI 0.43-0.98, P = 0.04). In conclusion, 5 years after treatment, the results of this trial show that 5% imiquimod cream is superior to both methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy and 5-fluorouracil cream in terms of efficacy for superficial basal cell carcinoma. We therefore consider 5% imiquimod cream as the first choice for noninvasive treatment in most primary superficial basal cell carcinomas. Copyright © 2017 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Yogurt consumption during pregnancy and preterm delivery in Mexican women: A prospective analysis of interaction with maternal overweight status.; Preterm delivery is an important cause of perinatal morbidity and mortality, often precipitated by maternal infection or inflammation. Probiotic-containing foods, such as yogurt, may reduce systemic inflammatory responses. We sought to evaluate whether yogurt consumption during pregnancy is associated with decreased preterm delivery. We studied 965 women enrolled at midpregnancy into a clinical trial of prenatal docosahexaenoic acid supplementation in Mexico. Yogurt consumption during the previous 3 months was categorized as >=5, 2-4, or <2 cups per week. Preterm delivery was defined as delivery of a live infant before 37 weeks gestation. We used logistic regression to evaluate the association between prenatal yogurt consumption and preterm delivery and examined interaction with maternal overweight status. In this population, 25.4%, 34.2%, and 40.4% of women reported consuming >=5, 2-4, and <2 cups of yogurt per week, respectively. The prevalence of preterm delivery was 8.9%. Differences in preterm delivery were non-significant across maternal yogurt consumption groups; compared with women reporting <2 cups of yogurt per week, those reporting 2-4 cups of yogurt per week had adjusted odds ratio (aOR) for preterm delivery of 0.81 (95% confidence interval, CI [.46, 1.41]), and those reporting >=5 cups of yogurt per week had aOR of 0.94 (95% CI [.51, 1.72]). The association between maternal yogurt consumption and preterm delivery differed significantly for nonoverweight women compared with overweight women (p for interaction = .01). Compared with nonoverweight women who consumed <2 cups of yogurt per week, nonoverweight women who consumed >=5 cups of yogurt per week had aOR for preterm delivery of 0.24 (95% CI [.07, .89]). Among overweight women, there was no significant association. In this population, there was no overall association between prenatal yogurt consumption and preterm delivery. However, there was significant interaction with maternal overweight status; among nonoverweight women, higher prenatal yogurt consumption was associated with reduced preterm delivery. Copyright © 2017 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
A Paleolithic-type diet results in iodine deficiency: a 2-year randomized trial in postmenopausal obese women.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Different diets are used for weight loss. A Paleolithic-type diet (PD) has beneficial metabolic effects, but two of the largest iodine sources, table salt and dairy products, are excluded. The objectives of this study were to compare 24-h urinary iodine concentration (24-UIC) in subjects on PD with 24-UIC in subjects on a diet according to the Nordic Nutrition Recommendations (NNR) and to study if PD results in a higher risk of developing iodine deficiency (ID), than NNR diet., SUBJECTS/METHODS: A 2-year prospective randomized trial in a tertiary referral center where healthy postmenopausal overweight or obese women were randomized to either PD (n=35) or NNR diet (n=35). Dietary iodine intake, 24-UIC, 24-h urinary iodine excretion (24-UIE), free thyroxin (FT4), free triiodothyronine (FT3) and thyrotropin (TSH) were measured at baseline, 6 and 24 months. Completeness of urine sampling was monitored by para-aminobenzoic acid and salt intake by urinary sodium., RESULTS: At baseline, median 24-UIC (71.0 mug/l) and 24-UIE (134.0 mug/d) were similar in the PD and NNR groups. After 6 months, 24-UIC had decreased to 36.0 mug/l (P=0.001) and 24-UIE to 77.0 mug/d (P=0.001) in the PD group; in the NNR group, levels were unaltered. FT4, TSH and FT3 were similar in both groups, except for FT3 at 6 months being lower in PD than in NNR group., CONCLUSIONS: A PD results in a higher risk of developing ID, than a diet according to the NNR. Therefore, we suggest iodine supplementation should be considered when on a PD.
Association of obesity and diabetes with thyroid nodules.; AIM: There are conflicting data concerning the possibility that obesity and diabetes raise the risk of thyroid nodules. The incidence of thyroid nodules is increasing, as is that of obesity and diabetes; therefore, understanding whether these metabolic and nutritional disorders influence nodular thyroid disease is important for organizing prevention strategies. This study investigated the association between thyroid nodules, obesity, diabetes, and dietary habits., MATERIALS AND METHODS: A cohort of randomly selected adults (455 males, 746 females; age: 18-90 years) living in Palermo (Italy), a mild iodine deficiency area, was cross-sectionally investigated. Participants underwent high-resolution ultrasonographic evaluation of the thyroid, and answered a food frequency questionnaire. Laboratory blood measurements were obtained in 587 participants., RESULTS AND DISCUSSION: Thyroid nodules were detected in 475 (39.5%) participants. The number of thyroid nodules was correlated with age (r = 0.19; P < 0.001), gender (r = 0.08; P = 0.005), and body mass index (r = 0.07; P = 0.02). No significant correlation was observed between the number of nodules and glycated hemoglobin, serum insulin concentrations, and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance. Age-adjusted and gender-adjusted prevalence of both overweight/obesity and type 2 diabetes of each group of participants divided according to the number of nodules significantly increased with the number of nodules (P < 0.05 in both cases). The group of participants with nodules exhibited a significantly lower age-adjusted and gender-adjusted habitual intake of milk (P = 0.02). Multivariate regression analysis showed that age, gender, body mass index, diabetes, and habitual consumption of milk were independently correlated with presence of thyroid nodules., CONCLUSION: This study seems to indicate that an association exists between obesity, diabetes, and thyroid nodules.
High intake of dairy during energy restriction does not affect energy balance or the intestinal microflora compared with low dairy intake in overweight individuals in a randomized controlled trial.; During weight loss, dairy calcium is proposed to accelerate weight and fat-mass loss through increased fecal fat excretion. The primary objective was to investigate if a high-dairy energy-restricted diet is superior to low dairy in terms of changes in body weight, body composition, and fecal fat excretion over 24 weeks. Secondary objectives included fecal energy and calcium excretion, resting energy expenditure, blood pressure, lipid metabolism, and gut microbiota. In a randomized, parallel-arm intervention study, 11 men and 69 women (body mass index, 30.6 +/- 0.3 kg/m2; age, 44 +/- 1 years) were allocated to a 500-kcal (2100 kJ) -deficit diet that was either high (HD: 1500 mg calcium/day) or low (LD: 600 mg calcium/day) in dairy products for 24 weeks. Habitual calcium intake was ~1000 mg/day. Body weight loss (HD: -6.6 +/- 1.3 kg, LD: -7.9 +/- 1.5 kg, P = 0.73), fat-mass loss (HD: -7.8% +/- 1.3%, LD: -8.5% +/- 1.1%, P = 0.76), changes in fecal fat excretion (HD: -0.57 +/- 0.76 g, LD: 0.46 +/- 0.70 g, P = 0.12), and microbiota composition were similar for the groups over 24 weeks. However, total fat-mass loss was positively associated with relative abundance of Papillibacter (P = 0.017) independent of diet group. Consumption of a high-dairy diet did not increase fecal fat or accelerate weight and fat-mass loss beyond energy restriction over 24 weeks in overweight and obese adults with a habitual calcium intake of ~1000 mg/day. However, this study indicates that Papillibacter is involved in body compositional changes.
Effects of taurine on markers of muscle damage, inflammatory response and physical performance in triathletes.; BACKGROUND: The practice of prolonged exercise with high intensity, as seen in triathlon training, can cause physiological imbalances that might result in muscle fatigue, muscle damage and changes in systemic inflammatory response, thus reduce the athletes' physical performance, therefore, both adequate total caloric and macronutrient intake also the use of a specific ergogenic aid, as taurine supplementation would be an alternative to prevent inflammation and muscle damage. In order to verify the effects of 8 weeks of taurine and chocolate milk supplementation, markers of muscle damage, inflammation, and aerobic capacity were quantified in triathletes., METHODS: A double-blind, crossover, randomized study was conducted with 9 male long-distance triathletes, aged 25-35 years. Supplementation of 3 g of taurine (TAU) or placebo (PLA) associated with 400 mL low fat chocolate milk was performed during an 8-week period. In order to verify the effects of the supplementation protocol markers of muscle damage as lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and creatine kinase (CK), and inflammatory markers tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) and interleukin-6 (IL-6) were quantified, also triathletes' performance was evaluated by exhaust test on a treadmill., RESULTS: It was observed a significant increase in taurine and CK plasma levels after TAU supplementation (P=0.02 and P=0.01, respectively). However, LDH concentrations did not differ significantly after the supplementations performed, and there were no changes in physical performance parameters; anaerobic threshold, perceived exertion, heart rate, and the concentrations of IL-6 and TNF-alpha., CONCLUSIONS: Taurine supplementation did not provide benefits on performance and muscle damage in triathletes.
A Randomized Controlled Pilot Trial of Interventions to Improve Functional Recovery After Hospitalization in Older Adults: Feasibility and Adherence.; Background: Hospitalization is a major risk factor for functional decline, disability, loss of independence, and mortality in older adults. Evidence-based interventions to improve functional recovery from hospitalization are difficult to evaluate and implement in geriatric patients. The goal of this pilot study was to test the feasibility of recruiting geriatric inpatients and implementing pragmatic interventions to improve physical function following hospitalization., Methods: Enrolled subjects were randomized to one of five 30-day posthospitalization interventions: isocaloric placebo (P), whey protein supplement (W), in-home rehabilitation+placebo (R+P), rehabilitation+whey protein (R+W), or testosterone (T). Data were collected from a single-site university hospital to determine: (i) institution-based feasibility (nonmodifiable factors including number of patients screened, eligible, contacted) and (ii) patient-based feasibility (modifiable factors including number of patients refusing, enrolled, randomized, intervention adherence, and withdrawal)., Results: From January 2014 to July 2016, 4,533 patients were chart screened; 594 (13.1%) were eligible to participate; 384 eligible subjects were contacted; 113 were enrolled; and 100 were randomized. Supplement adherence was 75% and was not different by age, education, level of independence, depression, supplement type, or dual intervention, but was significantly higher in subjects who completed the intervention (p < .01). Rehabilitation session adherence was 77% and did not vary significantly by age, education, level of independence, depression, or supplement type, but was significantly higher for sessions directly supervised (p < .01). Adherence was 100% in the testosterone arm with 94.7% of injections given within 24 hours of discharge., Conclusions: Findings from this clinical trial indicate that posthospitalization interventions in geriatric patients are feasible at both the institution and patient level. Copyright © The Author 2017. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of The Gerontological Society of America. All rights reserved. For permissions, please e-mail: journals.permissions@oup.com.
An evening milk drink can affect word recall in Indonesian children with decreased sleep efficiency: A randomized controlled trial.; STUDY OBJECTIVES: Sleep is important for memory consolidation in children. This study intended to find out whether an evening milk-based drink could influence sleep efficiency and memory recall in a group of Indonesian children (5-6 years old) with sleep deprivation., METHODS: Children were randomly allocated to one of three interventions: Reference product, satiety-stimulating product, and a relaxing product. The intervention lasted for 6 weeks and children consumed two servings per day of each 200 ml, the serving in the morning being the same for all children. All measurements took place at baseline and at the end of the intervention. Sleep parameters were studied using actigraphy and a sleep diary during three consecutive days. Memory consolidation was tested using a 20 word-pair list, which was memorized the evening before being recalled the next morning at home-base. Anthropometry was measured using standard equipment., RESULTS: The Satiety group showed a significant decrease in word recall, and a significant increase in nocturnal awakenings that was inversely associated with sleep efficiency at the end of the intervention. Sleep efficiency did not differ between the three groups being 75.5 +/- 8.6% and 75.7 +/- 6.3% at baseline and end of the intervention, respectively. Despite the lower energy intake in the Standard (reference) group, this condition showed the highest increase in weight., DISCUSSION: Evening growing-up milks can affect memory recall, sleep characteristics, and growth. However, to correct sleep efficiency and sleep duration, improvement of parental behavior may be the most important factor with nutrition providing a supplementary effect.
The Effects of Beef, Chicken, or Whey Protein After Workout on Body Composition and Muscle Performance.; Sharp, MH, Lowery, RP, Shields, KA, Lane, JR, Gray, JL, Partl, JM, Hayes, DW, Wilson, GJ, Hollmer, CA, Minivich, JR, and Wilson, JM. The effects of beef, chicken, or whey protein after workout on body composition and muscle performance. J Strength Cond Res 32(8): 2233-2242, 2018-The purpose of this study was to determine the effects of postworkout consumption of beef protein isolate (Beef), hydrolyzed chicken protein (Chx), or whey protein concentrate (WPC), compared with a control on body composition and muscle performance during 8 weeks of resistance training. Forty-one men and women were randomized into 4 groups: WPC (m = 5, f = 5; age [years] = 19 +/- 2, height [cm] = 171 +/- 10, mass [kg] = 74.60 +/- 14.19), Beef (m = 5, f = 5; age [years] = 22 +/- 4, height [cm] = 170 +/- 7, mass [kg] = 70.13 +/- 8.16), Chx (m = 5, f = 6; Age [years] = 21 +/- 2, height [cm] = 169 +/- 9, mass [kg] = 74.52 +/- 13.83), and Maltodextrin (control) (m = 4, f = 6; age [years] = 21 +/- 2, height [cm] = 170 +/- 9, mass [kg] = 73.18 +/- 10.96). Subjects partook in an 8-week periodized resistance training program. Forty-six grams of protein or a control were consumed immediately after training or at similar times on off-days. Dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry was used to determine changes in body composition. Maximum strength was assessed by 1 repetition maximum for bench press (upper body) and deadlift (lower body). Power output was measured using cycle ergometer. Whey protein concentrate (52.48 +/- 11.15 to 54.96 +/- 11.85 kg), Beef (51.68 +/- 7.61 to 54.65 +/- 8.67 kg), and Chx (52.97 +/- 12.12 to 54.89 +/- 13.43 kg) each led to a significant increase in lean body mass compared with baseline (p < 0.0001), whereas the control condition did not (53.14 +/- 11.35 to 54.19 +/- 10.74 kg). Fat loss was also significantly decreased at 8 weeks compared to baseline for all protein sources (p < 0.0001; WPC: 18.70 +/- 7.38 to 17.16 +/- 7.18 kg; Beef: 16.43 +/- 5.71 to 14.65 +/- 5.41 kg; Chx: 17.58 +/- 5.57 to 15.87 +/- 6.07 kg), but not the control condition (16.29 +/- 7.14 to 14.95 +/- 7.72 kg). One repetition maximum for both deadlift and bench press was significantly increased for all treatment groups when compared with baseline. No differences in strength were noted between conditions. Overall, the results of this study demonstrate that consuming quality sources of protein from meat or WPC lead to significant benefits in body composition compared with control.
Dietary fat and carbohydrate quality have independent effects on postprandial glucose and lipid responses.; PURPOSE: The magnitude of postprandial lipemia is influenced not only by the amount but also the type of fat and carbohydrate consumed. The aim of this study was to evaluate differences in postprandial glucose and lipid responses after a mixed meal containing low- or high-glycemic-index (GI) carbohydrate and three different types of fat varying in the degree of saturation in healthy subjects., METHODS: A randomized, controlled, single-blinded crossover study was conducted in 20 healthy Chinese men. Subjects consumed in random order six experimental isocaloric meals that differed in carbohydrate and fat quality, and contained 40 g of either saturated fat (SFA, butter), monounsaturated fat (MUFA, olive oil) or polyunsaturated fat (PUFA, grapeseed oil), and 50 g of either low-GI (basmati rice) or high-GI (jasmine rice) carbohydrate. Glucose, insulin, c-peptide, triglycerides (TG) and non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) were measured over 4 h., RESULTS: For all substrates evaluated, there were no significant interactions between fat and carbohydrate. The incremental area under the curve (iAUC) for TG was significantly lower after the SFA and PUFA meals compared with the MUFA meal, irrespective of GI. No significant difference was found for NEFA iAUC in all treatments. Glucose, insulin and c-peptide iAUCs were significantly lower after ingestion of low-GI than high-GI meals, independent of the type of fat., CONCLUSIONS: A carbohydrate-rich meal (of either low or high GI) that contains butter or grapeseed oil results in lower postprandial TG concentrations relative to olive oil in healthy Chinese males. Glucose, insulin and c-peptide responses, however, are directly dependent on the GI of the meal and not on the degree of saturation of dietary fat. The trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02585427.
Yogurt and Cardiometabolic Diseases: A Critical Review of Potential Mechanisms.; Associations between yogurt intake and risk of diet-related cardiometabolic diseases (CMDs) have been the subject of recent research in epidemiologic nutrition. A healthy dietary pattern has been identified as a pillar for the prevention of weight gain and CMDs. Epidemiologic studies suggest that yogurt consumption is linked to healthy dietary patterns, lifestyles, and reduced risk of CMDs, particularly type 2 diabetes. However, to our knowledge, few to no randomized controlled trials have investigated yogurt intake in relation to cardiometabolic clinical outcomes. Furthermore, there has been little attempt to clarify the mechanisms that underlie the potential beneficial effects of yogurt consumption on CMDs. Yogurt is a nutrient-dense dairy food and has been suggested to reduce weight gain and prevent CMDs by contributing to intakes of protein, calcium, bioactive lipids, and several other micronutrients. In addition, fermentation with bacterial strains generates bioactive peptides, resulting in a potentially greater beneficial effect of yogurt on metabolic health than nonfermented dairy products such as milk. To date, there is little concrete evidence that the mechanisms proposed in observational studies to explain positive results of yogurt on CMDs or parameters are valid. Many proposed mechanisms are based on assumptions that commercial yogurts contain strain-specific probiotics, that viable yogurt cultures are present in adequate quantities, and that yogurt provides a minimum threshold dose of nutrients or bioactive components capable of exerting a physiologic effect. Therefore, the primary objective of this review is to investigate the plausibility of potential mechanisms commonly cited in the literature in order to shed light on the inverse associations reported between yogurt intake and various cardiometabolic health parameters that are related to its nutrient profile, bacterial constituents, and food matrix. This article reviews current gaps and challenges in identifying such mechanisms and provides a perspective on the research agenda to validate the proposed role of yogurt in protecting against CMDs. Copyright © 2017 American Society for Nutrition.
Safety and tolerability of Bifidobacterium longum subspecies infantis EVC001 supplementation in healthy term breastfed infants: a phase I clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: Historically, bifidobacteria were the dominant intestinal bacteria in breastfed infants. Still abundant in infants in developing nations, levels of intestinal bifidobacteria are low among infants in developed nations. Recent studies have described an intimate relationship between human milk and a specific subspecies of Bifidobacterium, B. longum subsp. infantis (B. infantis), yet supplementation of breastfed, healthy, term infants with this organism, has not been reported. The IMPRINT Study, a Phase I clinical trial, was initiated to determine the safety and tolerability of supplementing breastfed infants with B. infantis (EVC001)., METHODS: Eighty mother-infant dyads were enrolled in either lactation support plus B. infantis supplementation (BiLS) or lactation support alone (LS). Starting with Day 7 postnatal, BiLS infants were fed 1.8-2.8 x 1010 CFU B. infantis EVC001 daily in breast milk for 21 days. Mothers collected fecal samples, filled out health questionnaires, and kept daily logs about their infants' feeding and gastrointestinal symptoms from birth until Day 61 postnatal. Safety and tolerability were determined from maternal reports., RESULTS: There were no differences in the mean gestational age at birth, weight 1 and 2 months postnatal, and breast milk intake between groups. The mean Log10 change in fecal Bifidobacterium from Day 6 to Day 28 was higher (p = 0.0002) for BiLS (6.6 +/- 2.8 SD) than for LS infants (3.5 +/- 3.5 SD). Daily stool number was higher (p < 0.005) for LS and lower (p < 0.05) for BiLS infants during supplementation than at Baseline. During supplementation, watery stools decreased and soft stools increased by 36% over baseline in BiLS infants (p < 0.05) with no significant changes in stool consistency for the LS infants. None of the safety and tolerability endpoints, including flatulence, bloody stool, body temperature, ratings of gastrointestinal symptoms, use of antibiotics or gas-relieving medications, infant colic, jaundice, number of illnesses, sick doctor visits, or diagnoses of eczema were different for the groups at any point., CONCLUSIONS: The B. infantis EVC001 supplement was safely consumed and well-tolerated. Stools were fewer and better formed in infants in the BiLS group compared with LS group. Adverse events were those expected in healthy infants and not different between groups., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02457338 . Registered May 27, 2015.
Consumption of Yogurt and the Incident Risk of Cardiovascular Disease: A Meta-Analysis of Nine Cohort Studies.; Previous systematic reviews and meta-analyses have evaluated the association of dairy consumption and the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, the findings were inconsistent. No quantitative analysis has specifically assessed the effect of yogurt intake on the incident risk of CVD. We searched the PubMed and the Embase databases from inception to 10 January 2017. A generic inverse-variance method was used to pool the fully-adjusted relative risks (RRs) and the corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CIs) with a random-effects model. A generalized least squares trend estimation model was used to calculate the specific slopes in the dose-response analysis. The present systematic review and meta-analysis identified nine prospective cohort articles involving a total of 291,236 participants. Compared with the lowest category, highest category of yogurt consumption was not significantly related with the incident risk of CVD, and the RR (95% CI) was 1.01 (0.95, 1.08) with an evidence of significant heterogeneity (I2 = 52%). However, intake of >=200 g/day yogurt was significantly associated with a lower risk of CVD in the subgroup analysis. There was a trend that a higher level of yogurt consumption was associated with a lower incident risk of CVD in the dose-response analysis. A daily dose of >=200 g yogurt intake might be associated with a lower incident risk of CVD. Further cohort studies and randomized controlled trials are still demanded to establish and confirm the observed association in populations with different characteristics.
Associations between Yogurt Consumption and Weight Gain and Risk of Obesity and Metabolic Syndrome: A Systematic Review.; The role of yogurt consumption in the risk of developing overweight, obesity, or metabolic syndrome has been the subject of epidemiologic studies over the last 10 y. A comprehensive literature search on MEDLINE and ISI Web of Knowledge from 1966 through June 2016 was conducted to examine the relation between yogurt consumption and weight gain, as well as the risk of overweight, obesity, or metabolic syndrome, in prospective cohort studies. Ten articles met all the inclusion criteria and were included in our systematic review. Of the 10 cohort studies, 3 analyzed the relation between yogurt consumption and the risk of overweight or obesity, 8 analyzed changes in waist circumference or weight changes, 3 studied the association with the risk of developing metabolic syndrome, and 1 studied the probability of abdominal obesity reversion. Although an inverse association between yogurt consumption and the risk of developing overweight or obesity was not fully consistent or always statistically significant, all studies but one showed in their point estimates inverse associations between yogurt consumption and changes in waist circumference, changes in weight, risk of overweight or obesity, and risk of metabolic syndrome during follow-up, although not all estimates were statistically significant (2 studies). Prospective cohort studies consistently suggested that yogurt consumption may contribute to a reduction in adiposity indexes and the risk of metabolic syndrome. Therefore, there is a need for more prospective studies and high-quality randomized clinical trials to confirm this apparent inverse association. Copyright © 2017 American Society for Nutrition.
Plasma phospholipid fatty acid profile confirms compliance to a novel saturated fat-reduced, monounsaturated fat-enriched dairy product intervention in adults at moderate cardiovascular risk: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Dairy products are a major contributor to dietary SFA. Partial replacement of milk SFA with unsaturated fatty acids (FAs) is possible through oleic-acid rich supplementation of the dairy cow diet. To assess adherence to the intervention of SFA-reduced, MUFA-enriched dairy product consumption in the RESET (REplacement of SaturatEd fat in dairy on Total cholesterol) study using 4-d weighed dietary records, in addition to plasma phospholipid FA (PL-FA) status., METHODS: In a randomised, controlled, crossover design, free-living UK participants identified as moderate risk for CVD (n = 54) were required to replace habitually consumed dairy foods (milk, cheese and butter), with study products with a FA profile typical of retail products (control) or SFA-reduced, MUFA-enriched profile (modified), for two 12-week periods, separated by an 8-week washout period. A flexible food-exchange model was used to implement each isoenergetic high-fat, high-dairy diet (38% of total energy intake (%TE) total fat): control (dietary target: 19%TE SFA; 11%TE MUFA) and modified (16%TE SFA; 14%TE MUFA)., RESULTS: Following the modified diet, there was a smaller increase in SFA (17.2%TE vs. 19.1%TE; p < 0.001) and greater increase in MUFA intake (15.4%TE vs. 11.8%TE; p < 0.0001) when compared with the control. PL-FA analysis revealed lower total SFAs (p = 0.006), higher total cis-MUFAs and trans-MUFAs (both p < 0.0001) following the modified diet., CONCLUSION: The food-exchange model was successfully used to achieve RESET dietary targets by partial replacement of SFAs with MUFAs in dairy products, a finding reflected in the PL-FA profile and indicative of objective dietary compliance., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02089035 , date 05-01-2014.
Educational nutrition messaging at breakfast reduces snack intake and influences snack preferences in adult men and women.; Breakfast skipping is associated with increased risk of weight gain and obesity in young adults, possibly due to increased snacking later in the day. Recent research suggests that providing and animal versus a plant source of protein at breakfast can reduce snack intake later in the day. In addition, providing nutrition information via a nutrition label, front-of-pack information, or via text messaging has been shown to help individuals make healthier food choices. The objective of this study was to determine if educational nutrition messaging and protein source influenced snack intake 2 h following the breakfast meal. Participants (n = 33) were randomly assigned to one of two groups: educational nutrition messaging (EM; n = 16) or no messaging (NM; n = 17) group. The study was conducted using a randomized, cross-over design in which each participant received each of two breakfast beverages, whey protein- (WP) and pea protein (PP)- based. Appetite was assessed at 0, 15, 30, 60, 90, and 120 min after each test breakfast using visual analog scales. Participants were then provided with a selection of healthy and unhealthy snacks for 60 min. There was no effect of protein source on appetite or snack intake. However, participants presented with EM had reduced snack intake over the snacking period compared to NM (P = 0.058) and, of the snacks consumed, the EM group consumed a higher percentage of healthy versus unhealthy snacks compared to NM (P < 0.0001), resulting in lower calorie intake. Taken together these data suggest that protein source, as part of a higher protein breakfast, does not affect appetite response or snack intake, but EM may help play a role in reducing snack intake between meals. Copyright © 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effectiveness of food supplements in increasing fat-free tissue accretion in children with moderate acute malnutrition: A randomised 2 x 2 x 3 factorial trial in Burkina Faso.; BACKGROUND: Children with moderate acute malnutrition (MAM) are treated with lipid-based nutrient supplement (LNS) or corn-soy blend (CSB). We assessed the effectiveness of (a) matrix, i.e., LNS or CSB, (b) soy quality, i.e., soy isolate (SI) or dehulled soy (DS), and (c) percentage of total protein from dry skimmed milk, i.e., 0%, 20%, or 50%, in increasing fat-free tissue accretion., METHODS AND FINDINGS: Between September 9, 2013, and August 29, 2014, a randomised 2 x 2 x 3 factorial trial recruited 6- to 23-month-old children with MAM in Burkina Faso. The intervention comprised 12 weeks of food supplementation providing 500 kcal/day as LNS or CSB, each containing SI or DS, and 0%, 20%, or 50% of protein from milk. Fat-free mass (FFM) was assessed by deuterium dilution technique. By dividing FFM by length squared, the primary outcome was expressed independent of length as FFM index (FFMI) accretion over 12 weeks. Other outcomes comprised recovery rate and additional anthropometric measures. Of 1,609 children, 4 died, 61 were lost to follow-up, and 119 were transferred out due to supplementation being switched to non-experimental products. No children developed allergic reaction. At inclusion, 95% were breastfed, mean (SD) weight was 6.91 kg (0.93), with 83.5% (5.5) FFM. In the whole cohort, weight increased 0.90 kg (95% CI 0.88, 0.93; p < 0.01) comprising 93.5% (95% CI 89.5, 97.3) FFM. As compared to children who received CSB, FFMI accretion was increased by 0.083 kg/m2 (95% CI 0.003, 0.163; p = 0.042) in those who received LNS. In contrast, SI did not increase FFMI compared to DS (mean difference 0.038 kg/m2; 95% CI -0.041, 0.118; p = 0.35), irrespective of matrix. Having 20% milk protein was associated with 0.097 kg/m2 (95% CI -0.002, 0.196) greater FFMI accretion than having 0% milk protein, although this difference was not significant (p = 0.055), and there was no effect of 50% milk protein (0.049 kg/m2; 95% CI -0.047, 0.146; p = 0.32). There was no effect modification by season, admission criteria, or baseline FFMI, stunting, inflammation, or breastfeeding (p > 0.05). LNS compared to CSB resulted in 128 g (95% CI 67, 190; p < 0.01) greater weight gain if both contained SI, but there was no difference between LNS and CSB if both contained DS (mean difference 22 g; 95% CI -40, 84; p = 0.49) (interaction p = 0.017). Accordingly, SI compared to DS increased weight by 89 g (95% CI 27, 150; p = 0.005) when combined with LNS, but not when combined with CSB. A limitation of this and other food supplementation trials is that it is not possible to collect reliable data on individual adherence., CONCLUSIONS: Based on this study, children with MAM mainly gain fat-free tissue when rehabilitated. Nevertheless, LNS yields more fat-free tissue and higher recovery rates than CSB. Moreover, current LNSs with DS may be improved by shifting to SI. The role of milk relative to soy merits further research., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ISRCTN registry ISRCTN42569496.
Clinical and nutritional outcomes of two liquid human milk fortifiers for premature infants.; BACKGROUND: In preterm infants fortification of human milk with human milk fortifiers (HMF) to optimize nutrition and growth is standard practice. We compared clinical, nutrition and growth outcomes in infants receiving two types of liquid HMF (LHMF)., METHODS: Clinical, nutrition and growth outcomes were compared between infants admitted to a level IV NICU, and born with birth weight less than or equal to 1800 grams, between 10/1/2014-12/31/2014 and received human milk with acidified LHMF (ALHMF) and between 1/1/2015-4/31/2015 and received human milk with heat treated LHMF (HTLHMF)., RESULTS: Of the 85 qualifying infants, 67 received human milk and LHMF. ALHMF group had significantly higher incidence of metabolic acidosis and lower bicarbonate and base excess levels relative to infants receiving HTLHMF (P < 0.001). There were no significant differences by LHMF status in other clinical outcomes and nutrition and growth outcomes. In multivariate analyses, ALHMF use was associated with metabolic acidosis, and lower base excess and bicarbonate levels., CONCLUSION: In our study, the clinical, nutrition and growth outcomes between the two LHMF groups were similar. However, use of ALHMF in preterm infants was associated with increased incidence of metabolic acidosis in our cohort. Further randomized control trials are warranted to evaluate these findings.
Whey protein supplementation 2 hours after a lower protein breakfast restores plasma essential amino acid availability comparable to a higher protein breakfast in overweight adults.; Amino acids from meals peak in the plasma at ~180 minutes postprandial. Conversely, amino acids from rapidly digestible whey protein appear in the plasma within 15 minutes and peak at 60 minutes postprandial. Therefore, we hypothesized that consuming a 20-g whey protein snack 2 hours after a standard mixed-macronutrient, lower protein breakfast (10 g) would result in peak and composite postprandial plasma essential amino acid (EAA) responses that were not different from consuming a 30-g protein breakfast alone. Using a randomized, crossover design, 12 subjects (6 men, 6 women; age: 29 +/- 1 y; BMI: 26.0 +/- 1.0 kg/m2; mean +/- SE) completed three 330-minute trials in which they consumed breakfasts containing (i) 10 g of protein (10-PRO, control), (ii) 30 g of protein (30-PRO), and (iii) 10 g of protein followed by 20 g of whey protein isolate 120 minutes later (10/20-PRO). For both 30-PRO and 10/20-PRO, EAA peaked 180 minutes after breakfast, with greater peak concentrations for 10/20-PRO than 30-PRO (Tukey adjusted, P < .0001). Essential amino acid positive incremental areas under the curve (iAUCpos) over 300 minutes were not different between 30-PRO and 10/20-PRO. Consuming a rapidly digested whey protein snack 2 hours after a slowly digested, lower protein breakfast resulted in a greater peak plasma EAA concentration but comparable plasma EAA availability than consuming a single higher protein breakfast. Copyright © 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Different protein and derivatives supplementation strategies combined with resistance training in pre-frail and frail elderly: Rationale and protocol for the "Pro-Elderly" Study.; BACKGROUND: Frailty is a multifactorial geriatric syndrome characterized by progressive decline in health and associated with decreased muscle mass, strength, and functional capacity. Resistance training (RT) combined with protein or amino acids supplementation has been shown to be promising for mitigating age-related impairments., AIM: To investigate the chronic effects of different strategies of protein and derivatives supplementation in association with RT on selected health-related parameters in pre-frail and frail elderly., METHODS: This is a series of double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, parallel-group clinical trials. Volunteers will be divided into nine groups, comprising four different sub-studies evaluating the effects of: isolated leucine supplementation (study 1); protein source (whey vs. soy - study 2); combination of whey protein and creatine (study 3); and sexual dimorphism on the response to protein intake and RT (males vs. females - study 4). Muscle cross-sectional area, fiber cross-sectional area, body composition, lower-limb maximal dynamic and isometric strength, functionality, lipid profile, biochemical parameters, renal function, quality of life, and nutritional status will be assessed before and after a 16-week intervention period. Data will be tested for normality and a mixed-model for repeated measures will be conducted to assess within- and between-group effects of the intervention on the dependent variables. Confidence intervals (95%), effect sizes, and relative changes will also be determined, with significance set at p < 0.05.
Using Ice Cream for Diagnosis of Diabetes Mellitus and Impaired Glucose Tolerance: An Alternative to the Oral Glucose Tolerance Test.; BACKGROUND: Oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) is a sensitive and reliable test for diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). However, poor patient tolerance of glucose solutions is common. We aim to compare the diagnostic value of an ice cream test with a standard OGTT., MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 104 healthy adults were randomly assigned to either 75-g OGTT or ice cream, followed by a crossover to the other test., RESULTS: Most patients were females (71%). Mean age was 37 +/- 12 years, and body mass index was 24.2 +/- 3.9kg/m2. Diabetes mellitus and IGT, as diagnosed by 75-g OGTT, were 4.8% and 6.7%, respectively. The 2-hour plasma glucose levels were 110 +/- 55.5mg/dL with 75-g glucose and 97.52 +/- 40.7mg/dL with ice cream. The correlation coefficient of 2-hour plasma glucose for the 2 tests was 0.82 (95% CI: 0.75-0.87; P < 0.001). Discordant diagnostic results, based on 2-hour plasma glucose levels, were 9.61%. By using a combination of fasting plasma glucose and 2-hour plasma glucose values, the ice cream test would have missed 5.76% of those at high risk for diabetes mellitus (impaired fasting glucose and IGT) or diabetes., CONCLUSIONS: An ice cream test may serve as an alternative to a 75-g OGTT. Before applying this test in clinical practice, it needs to be validated in a larger population. Copyright © 2017 Southern Society for Clinical Investigation. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Low-fat yogurt consumption reduces biomarkers of chronic inflammation and inhibits markers of endotoxin exposure in healthy premenopausal women: a randomised controlled trial.; The anti-inflammatory mechanisms of low-fat dairy product consumption are largely unknown. The objective of this study was to determine whether low-fat yogurt reduces biomarkers of chronic inflammation and endotoxin exposure in women. Premenopausal women (BMI 18.5-27 and 30-40 kg/m2) were randomised to consume 339 g of low-fat yogurt (yogurt non-obese (YN); yogurt obese (YO)) or 324 g of soya pudding (control non-obese; control obese (CO)) daily for 9 weeks (n 30/group). Fasting blood samples were analysed for IL-6, TNF-alpha/soluble TNF II (sTNF-RII), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, 2-arachidonoyl glycerol, anandamide, monocyte gene expression, soluble CD14 (sCD14), lipopolysaccharide (LPS), LPS binding protein (LBP), IgM endotoxin-core antibody (IgM EndoCAb), and zonulin. BMI, waist circumference and blood pressure were also determined. After 9-week yogurt consumption, YO and YN had decreased TNF-alpha/sTNFR-RII. Yogurt consumption increased plasma IgM EndoCAb regardless of obesity status. sCD14 was not affected by diet, but LBP/sCD14 was lowered by yogurt consumption in both YN and YO. Yogurt intervention increased plasma 2-arachidonoylglycerol in YO but not YN. YO peripheral blood mononuclear cells expression of NF-kappaB inhibitor alpha and transforming growth factor beta1 increased relative to CO at 9 weeks. Other biomarkers were unchanged by diet. CO and YO gained approximately 0.9 kg in body weight. YO had 3.6 % lower diastolic blood pressure at week 3. Low-fat yogurt for 9 weeks reduced biomarkers of chronic inflammation and endotoxin exposure in premenopausal women compared with a non-dairy control food. This trial was registered as NCT01686204.
Highly Concentrated Preterm Formula as an Alternative to Powdered Human Milk Fortifier: A Randomized Controlled Trial.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study was to assess clinical feasibility and tolerance of concentrated preterm formula at 30 kcal/oz (CPF30) to fortify human milk to a caloric density of 24 kcal/oz, compared to conventional powdered human milk fortifier (PHMF)., STUDY DESIGN: Very low birth weight neonates were stratified by birth weight and randomized to receive human milk fortification using CPF30 or PHMF. Infants were monitored from first introduction of human milk fortification, until fortified feeds were well tolerated. Primary outcome was weight gain; secondary outcomes included other measures of feeding intolerance (residual gastric aspirates, feeds held, prokinetic therapy), sepsis, and death. The clinical and study personnel were blinded to the intervention., RESULTS: No significant differences in weight gain or other measures of feeding tolerance were demonstrated between CPF30 and PHMF. Macronutrient intake was similar between both groups. Infants with a birth weight of >= 1000 g who received CPF30, experienced fewer days NPO (nil per os; nothing per mouth) and a trend toward lower incidence of NEC, compared with those who received PHMF.. The amount of human milk consumed was significantly lower in the CPF30 group., CONCLUSIONS: Both fortifiers were similarly well tolerated. Fortification of human milk with CPF30 is a safe and feasible alternative to conventional PHMF.
Effect of whey protein supplementation on levels of endocannabinoids and some of metabolic risk factors in obese women on a weight-loss diet: a study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Besides the effects of dietary long chain PUFA on circulating endocannabinoids concentrations, the impact of other nutrients on these system is not known and, whether changes in plasma endocannabinoids levels correlated with changes in body composition and biochemical metabolic risk factors in obese individuals, however, still remains to be characterized., METHODS: We will conduct a 2 months' open label, parallel-group, randomized controlled trial to determine the effect of whey protein supplementation on levels of endocannabinoids, glycemic and lipid profile, inflammatory factors, adipocytokines and body composition in 60 premenopausal obese women on a weight-loss diet., CONCLUSION: Due to strong relationship between endocannabinoids level and insulin resistance and obesity, in this trial, we will illustrate the other benefits of weight loss diet on health and metabolic risk factors. Also for the first, the effects of simultaneous weight loss diet and whey protein supplementation on these variables will be determined., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials IRCT2017021410181N8 .
The impact of an innovative web-based school nutrition intervention to increase fruits and vegetables and milk and alternatives in adolescents: a clustered randomized trial.; BACKGROUND: The increase in overweight and obesity in adolescents and its health-related consequences highlight the need to develop strategies, which could help them adopt healthy eating habits. The objective of this study was to evaluate the impact of an innovative web-based school nutrition intervention (Team Nutriathlon) aimed at promoting the consumption of vegetables and fruit (V/F) and milk and alternatives (M/A) in high school students and to identify facilitators and/or barriers influencing its success., METHODS: Ten classes of first and second year secondary students (grades 7 and 8) from the Quebec City region were randomized into two groups (control n = 89 and intervention n = 193). Participants in the intervention (Team Nutriathlon) were to increase their consumption of V/F and M/A using an innovative web-based platform, developed for this study, over 6 weeks. The control group followed the regular school curriculum. The number of servings of V/F and M/A consumed by students per day was compared between the two groups before, during, immediately after and 10 weeks after the intervention using a web-based platform. Main outcome measures included V/F and M/A servings and facilitators and/or barriers of program success. Repeated measures linear fixed effects models were used to assess the impact of Team Nutriathlon on V/F and M/A consumption. A P-value of <0.05 was considered significant., RESULTS: Students in the intervention reported a significant increase of 3 servings and 1.8 servings per day of V/F and M/A, respectively, compared to the control group (P < 0.05); however, this was only observed in the short-term. Some factors contributing to the success of Team Nutriathlon included the team aspect of the program, use of the technology and recording results outside of classroom hours., CONCLUSION: Team Nutriathlon represents an innovative web-based nutrition program which positively impacts V/F and M/A consumption among high school students. Using web-based or technological platforms may help youth adopt healthy eating habits that will have implications later in adulthood; however, further studies are needed to determine their long-term effects., TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT03117374 (retrospectively registered).
Differential impact of the cheese matrix on the postprandial lipid response: a randomized, crossover, controlled trial.; Background: In a simulated gastrointestinal environment, the cheese matrix modulates dairy fat digestion. However, to our knowledge, the impact of the cheese matrix on postprandial lipemia in humans has not yet been evaluated. Objective: In healthy subjects, we compared the impact of dairy fat provided from firm cheese, soft cream cheese, and butter on the postprandial response at 4 h and on the incremental area under the curve (iAUC) of plasma triglycerides. Design: Forty-three healthy subjects were recruited to this randomized, crossover, controlled trial. In random order at intervals of 14 d and after a 12-h fast, subjects ingested 33 g fat from a firm cheese (young cheddar), a soft cream cheese (cream cheese), or butter (control) incorporated into standardized meals that were matched for macronutrient content. Plasma concentrations of triglycerides were measured immediately before the meal and 2, 4, 6, and 8 h after the meal. Results: Cheddar cheese, cream cheese, and butter induced similar increases in triglyceride concentrations at 4 h (change from baseline: +59%, +59%, and +62%, respectively; P = 0.9). No difference in the triglyceride iAUC0-8 h (P-meal = 0.9) was observed between the 3 meals. However, at 2 h, the triglyceride response caused by the cream cheese (change from baseline: +44%) was significantly greater than that induced by butter (change from baseline: +24%; P = 0.002) and cheddar cheese (change from baseline: +16%; P = 0.0004). At 6 h, the triglyceride response induced by cream cheese was significantly attenuated compared with that induced by cheddar cheese (change from baseline: +14% compared with +42%; P = 0.0004). Conclusion:  This study demonstrates that the cheese matrix modulates the impact of dairy fat on postprandial lipemia in healthy subjects. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02623790. Copyright © 2017 American Society for Nutrition.
Efficacy of a multi-component exercise programme and nutritional supplementation on musculoskeletal health in men treated with androgen deprivation therapy for prostate cancer (IMPACT): study protocol of a randomised controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Prostate cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer in men in developed countries. Androgen deprivation therapy (ADT) is a systemic treatment shown to increase survival in selected patients with prostate cancer. The use of ADT continues to increase for all stages and grades of prostate cancer despite known treatment-induced adverse effects. The primary aim of this study is to examine the efficacy of a targeted, multi-component resistance and impact-loading exercise programme together with a daily protein-, calcium- and vitamin D-enriched supplement on bone health in men treated with ADT for prostate cancer. Secondary aims are to determine the effects of this intervention on measures of total body and regional body composition, cardiometabolic risk, inflammatory markers, health-related quality of life and cognitive function., METHODS: This study is a two-arm randomised controlled trial. Men currently treated with ADT for prostate cancer will be randomised to either a 52-week, community-based, exercise training and nutritional supplementation intervention (n = 51) or usual care control (n = 51). Participants will be assessed at baseline, 26 weeks and 52 weeks for all measures. The primary outcome measures are proximal femur and lumbar spine areal bone mineral density (BMD). Secondary outcomes comprise: changes in tibial and radial bone structure and strength, total body and regional body composition, muscle strength and function, as well as cardiometabolic health, catabolic/inflammatory and anabolic/anti-inflammatory cytokines, health-related quality of life and cognitive function., DISCUSSION: This study investigates whether a multi-component intervention incorporating a targeted bone and muscle-loading programme in combination with a protein-, calcium- and vitamin D-enriched supplement can ameliorate multiple adverse effects of ADT when compared to usual care. The results will contribute to the development of exercise training and nutrition guidelines for optimising overall health in men treated with ADT for prostate cancer., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Australia New Zealand Clinical Trial Registry (ANZCTR), ID: ACTRN12614000317695 . Registered on 25 march 2014.
Protein blend ingestion before allogeneic stem cell transplantation improves protein-energy malnutrition in patients with leukemia.; Severe protein-energy malnutrition (PEM) and skeletal muscle wasting are commonly observed in patients with acute leukemia. Recently, the ingestion of a soy-whey protein blend has been shown to promote muscle protein synthesis (MPS). Thus, we tested the hypothesis that the ingestion of a soy-whey blended protein (BP) may improve the PEM status and muscle mass in acute leukemia patients. In total, 24 patients from the same treatment group were randomly assigned to the natural diet plus soy-whey blended protein (BP) group and the natural diet only (ND) group. Our data showed that protein and energy intake decreased significantly (P < .05) after transplantation in both groups. In the absence of the BP intervention, dramatic decreases in muscle-related indicators (i.e., anthropometric variables, muscle strength and serum protein) were observed in the majority (>50%) of the patients. However, 66% of the patients who ingested the BP before transplantation showed obvious increases in arm muscle area. The gripping power value (post-pre or post-baseline) was significantly higher in the BP group than in the ND group (P < .05). The ingestion of the BP also increased the levels of serum albumin, globulin and serum total protein to different extents. Notably, the average time to stem cell engraftment was significantly shorter for patients in the BP group (12.2 +/- 2.0 days) than for patients in the ND group (15.1 +/- 2.9 days). Collectively, our data supported that soy-whey protein can improve PEM status and muscle mass in leukemia patients. Copyright © 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Consumption of Whey in Combination with Dairy Medium-Chain Fatty Acids (MCFAs) may Reduce Lipid Storage due to Urinary Loss of Tricarboxylic Acid Cycle Intermediates and Increased Rates of MCFAs Oxidation.; SCOPE: The aim of the paper is to investigate whether changes in the metabolome could explain observed changes in body composition in overweight adults after consumption of butter with high level of medium-chain fatty acids (MCFAs) in combination with casein or whey., METHODS AND RESULTS: With GC-TOF and LC-Q/MS, metabolites in plasma and urine from a 12-week randomized double-blinded human intervention including 52-abdominally overweight adults were analyzed. The participants consumed 63 g per day of milk fat (high or low in MCFAs) and 60 g per day of protein (whey or casein). Urinary loss of the tricarboxylic acid cycle metabolites and a concomitantly increase of glycerol in blood were observed in the whey + high-MCFAs group, indicating potential lower anabolic processes, such as lipogenesis, by draining substrates. High intake of MCFAs resulted in elevated level of urinary adipic (independently of protein type) and plasma sebacic acid (with whey), indicating a potential increase in oxidation of MCFAs, which might lead to energy loss., CONCLUSION: The type of protein showed highest effect on the overall metabolic profiles, but omega-oxidation of MCFAs in the liver seemed to be the main reason for the observed reduction in body fat mass after consumption of high MCFAs, independent of type of protein. Copyright © 2017 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim.
The assessment of the serum C-peptide and plasma glucose levels by orally administered whey proteins in type 2 diabetes mellitus.; A personalized antidiabetic therapy is not yet part of the official guidelines of professional societies for clinical practice. The aim of this study was to evaluate the serum C-peptide and plasma glucose levels in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) after oral administration of whey proteins. Sixteen overweight T2DM Caucasians with good glycemic control and with preserved fasting serum C-peptide levels (>200 nmol/l) were enrolled in this study. Two oral stimulation tests - one with 75 g of glucose (OGTT) and the other with 75 g of whey proteins (OWIST) - were administered for assessing serum C-peptide and plasma glucose levels in each participant. Both oral tests induced similar pattern of C-peptide secretion, with a peak at 90 min. The serum C-peptide peak concentration was 2.91+/-0.27 nmol/l in OWIST, which was 22 % lower than in OGTT. Similarly, the C-peptide iAUC(0-180) were 32 % lower in the OWIST than in the OGTT (p<0.01). Contrary to OGTT the OWIST did not cause a significant increase of glycemia (p<0.01). Our study showed that the OWIST represents a useful tool in estimation of stimulated serum C-peptide levels in patients with T2DM.
Probiotic reduces bacterial translocation in type 2 diabetes mellitus: A randomised controlled study.; Gut bacterial translocation to the blood may play an important role in the development of insulin resistance in type 2 diabetes. Here, we performed an interventional randomised control study to investigate whether probiotics could reduce bacterial translocation and cause changes in the gut microbiota. Seventy Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes were randomised to two groups: the probiotic group drank Lactobacillus casei strain Shirota-fermented milk, while the control group ingested no probiotics. The trial was conducted for 16 weeks. At baseline, 8 and 16 weeks, the gut microbiota composition in feces and blood, fecal organic acids, and other biochemical parameters were measured. At the end of the study, the fecal counts of the Clostridium coccoides group and Clostridium leptum subgroup in the probiotic group were significantly higher than in the control group. As expected, the fecal counts of total Lactobacillus were significantly higher in the probiotic group. Intriguingly, the total count of blood bacteria was significantly lower in the probiotic group. However, fecal organic acids were comparable between the two groups. Our results showed that probiotic administration reduced bacterial translocation and altered the gut microbiota in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
A 25-Hydroxycholecalciferol-Fortified Dairy Drink Is More Effective at Raising a Marker of Postprandial Vitamin D Status than Cholecalciferol in Men with Suboptimal Vitamin D Status.; Background: One strategy for improving population vitamin D status is consumption of fortified foods. However, the effects of dairy products fortified with different vitamin D isoforms on postprandial vitamin D status and metabolic outcomes have not been addressed. Objective: We investigated whether consumption of dairy drinks fortified with either 25-hydroxycholecalciferol [25(OH)D3] or cholecalciferol (vitamin D3) had differential effects on 24-h circulating plasma 25(OH)D3 concentration (a marker of vitamin D status) and cardiometabolic risk markers. Methods: A randomized, controlled, 3-way crossover, double-blind, postprandial study was conducted in 17 men with suboptimal vitamin D status [mean +/- SEM age: 49 +/- 3 y; body mass index (in kg/m2): 26.4 +/- 0.6; and plasma 25(OH)D3 concentration: 31.7 +/- 3.4 nmol/L]. They were randomly assigned to consume 3 different test meals (4.54 MJ, 51 g fat, 125 g carbohydrate, and 23 g protein), which contained either a nonfortified dairy drink (control), 20 mug 25(OH)D3-fortified (+HyD3) dairy drink, or 20 mug vitamin D3-fortified (+D3) dairy drink with toasted bread and jam on different occasions, separated by a 2-wk washout. Plasma 25(OH)D3 concentrations and cardiometabolic risk markers, including vascular stiffness, serum lipids, and inflammatory markers, were measured frequently within 8 h postprandially and 24 h after the dairy drink was consumed. Results: Plasma 25(OH)D3 concentrations (the primary outcome) were significantly higher after the +HyD3 dairy drink was consumed compared with +D3 and control (P = 0.019), which was reflected in the 1.5-fold and 1.8-fold greater incremental area under the curve for the 0-8 h response, respectively. The change in plasma 25(OH)D3 concentrations from baseline to 24 h for the +HyD3 dairy drink was also 0.9-fold higher than the +D3 dairy drink and 4.4-fold higher than the control (P < 0.0001), which were not significantly different from each other. Conclusion:  The dairy drink fortified with 25(OH)D3 was more effective at raising plasma 25(OH)D3 concentrations postprandially than was the dairy drink fortified with vitamin D3 in men with suboptimal vitamin D status. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02535910. Copyright © 2017 American Society for Nutrition.
Effect of Topical Fluorouracil Cream on Photodamage: Secondary Analysis of a Randomized Clinical Trial.; Importance: Photoaging, which is premature skin aging caused by long-term UV exposure, is of aesthetic concern to many patients., Objective: To investigate the effect of topical fluorouracil, 5%, cream on photoaging using validated photonumeric scales., Design, Setting, and Participants: The Veterans Affairs Keratinocyte Carcinoma Chemoprevention Trial was a randomized clinical trial of 932 US veterans with a recent history of 2 or more keratinocyte carcinomas performed from September 30, 2011, through June 30, 2014, to assess the chemopreventive effects of a standard course of topical fluorouracil. Photographs were taken at baseline and at numerous time points for up to 4 years. In our secondary analysis, 2 independent dermatologists graded these photographs using 4 validated photonumeric scales. A total of 3042 photographs from 281 participants randomized to apply topical fluorouracil or placebo were evaluated at baseline, 6 months, 12 months, and 18 months using 4 photonumeric scales (Griffiths scale, Allergan forehead lines scale, melomental folds scale, and crow's feet scale). Data analysis was performed from November 1, 2016, to January 1, 2017., Interventions: Participants were randomized to apply topical fluorouracil, 5%, cream or a vehicle control cream to the face and ears twice daily for 2 to 4 weeks for a total of 28 to 56 doses., Main Outcomes and Measures: Effect of a standard course of fluorouracil on the extent of photodamage as measured using 4 photonumeric scales., Results: The study population was predominantly male (274 [97.5%]) and white (281 [100%]), with a mean (SD) age of 71.5 (0.57) years. No statistically significant changes were found in photodamage between baseline and 6 months (Griffiths scale: chi2 = 0.01, P = .93; Allergan forehead lines scale: chi2 = 0.18, P = .67; melomental fold scale: chi2 = 0.03, P = .87; crow's feet scale: chi2 = 2.41, P = .12), 12 months (Griffiths scale: chi2 = 1.39, P = .24; Allergan forehead lines scale: chi2 = 0.64, P = .43; melomental fold scale: chi2 = 0.12, P = .73; crow's feet scale: chi2 = 1.07, P = .30), and 18 months (Griffiths scale: chi2 = 3.11, P = .08; Allergan forehead lines scale: chi2 = 0.89, P = .34; melomental fold scale: chi2 = 1.64, P = .20; crow's feet scale: chi2 = 0.46, P = .50)., Conclusions and Relevance: This study did not demonstrate improvement in photoaging with a standard course of topical fluorouracil, 5%, cream, a finding that may be attributable to a true lack of effect in photodamage or limitations of the photonumeric scales in capturing the effect. The development of photonumeric scales that include manifestations of photoaging other than rhytids, such as lentigines, hyperpigmentation, and telangiectasias, should be considered., Trial Registration: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00847912.
Yacon syrup: Food applications and impact on satiety in healthy volunteers.; Syrup obtained from yacon roots could be well positioned as a nutritional product due to its high fructooligosaccharides (FOS) content. Considering this, we examined the potential food applications of yacon syrup, using the focal group methodology, and its sensorial acceptability when incorporated in yogurt. The beneficial effects of the consumption of yacon syrup were studied over a 2-week period in a double-blind placebo-controlled experiment (namely Test A) and other consistent of only one day of yacon syrup consumption (namely Test B) were also evaluated. The doses of yacon syrup for both experiments were 8.74g of FOS/day. Energy intake, hunger, satiety, fullness and prospective food consumption were assessed with analogue scales at the end of each test. The results indicate that the yogurt was the food most suggested by the focus group, and the average of the scores given to the attributes when the yacon syrup was incorporated into a yogurt were: 7.78 for appearance; 7.72 for aroma; 7.02 for flavor and 6.96 for overall acceptability, corresponding to "like very much" and "like moderately". Furthermore, the results indicate that yacon syrup has a positive effect on appetite and its effect was dependent on gender and period of intervention, being statistically significant (P<0.05) in women, after 2-week period. These findings suggested that increasing FOS intake could help to increase satiety, and consequently, be helpful in the management of type 2-diabetes or control of the current high prevalence of overweight or obesity. Copyright © 2017. Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Effects of Whey, Soy or Leucine Supplementation with 12 Weeks of Resistance Training on Strength, Body Composition, and Skeletal Muscle and Adipose Tissue Histological Attributes in College-Aged Males.; We sought to determine the effects of L-leucine (LEU) or different protein supplements standardized to LEU (~3.0 g/serving) on changes in body composition, strength, and histological attributes in skeletal muscle and adipose tissue. Seventy-five untrained, college-aged males (mean +/- standard error of the mean (SE); age = 21 +/- 1 years, body mass = 79.2 +/- 0.3 kg) were randomly assigned to an isocaloric, lipid-, and organoleptically-matched maltodextrin placebo (PLA, n = 15), LEU (n = 14), whey protein concentrate (WPC, n = 17), whey protein hydrolysate (WPH, n = 14), or soy protein concentrate (SPC, n = 15) group. Participants performed whole-body resistance training three days per week for 12 weeks while consuming supplements twice daily. Skeletal muscle and subcutaneous (SQ) fat biopsies were obtained at baseline (T1) and ~72 h following the last day of training (T39). Tissue samples were analyzed for changes in type I and II fiber cross sectional area (CSA), non-fiber specific satellite cell count, and SQ adipocyte CSA. On average, all supplement groups including PLA exhibited similar training volumes and experienced statistically similar increases in total body skeletal muscle mass determined by dual X-ray absorptiometry (+2.2 kg; time p = 0.024) and type I and II fiber CSA increases (+394 mum2 and +927 mum2; time p < 0.001 and 0.024, respectively). Notably, all groups reported increasing Calorie intakes ~600-800 kcal/day from T1 to T39 (time p < 0.001), and all groups consumed at least 1.1 g/kg/day of protein at T1 and 1.3 g/kg/day at T39. There was a training, but no supplementation, effect regarding the reduction in SQ adipocyte CSA (-210 mum2; time p = 0.001). Interestingly, satellite cell counts within the WPC (p < 0.05) and WPH (p < 0.05) groups were greater at T39 relative to T1. In summary, LEU or protein supplementation (standardized to LEU content) does not provide added benefit in increasing whole-body skeletal muscle mass or strength above PLA following 3 months of training in previously untrained college-aged males that increase Calorie intakes with resistance training and consume above the recommended daily intake of protein throughout training. However, whey protein supplementation increases skeletal muscle satellite cell number in this population, and this phenomena may promote more favorable training adaptations over more prolonged periods.
Bone Health is Maintained, While Fat Mass is Reduced in Pre-pubertal Children with Obesity Participating in a 1-Year Family-Centered Lifestyle Intervention.; Diet and physical activity (PA) influence bone health in children. This study tested whether increasing milk and milk products and weight-bearing types of PA favorably changed bone outcomes assessed by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) and bone biomarkers in children with obesity participating in a 1-year family-centered lifestyle intervention. Children were randomized to one of three groups: Control (Ctrl; no intervention), Standard treatment (StnTx: two servings milk and milk products/day; meet PA guidelines plus weight-bearing PA three times/week), or Modified treatment (ModTx: four servings milk and milk products/day; meet PA guidelines plus daily weight-bearing PA). Baseline and 12-month measurements included DXA scans for whole body (WB), lumbar spine (LS), lumbar lateral spine (LLS), and ultra-distal (UD) ulna + radius for bone mineral content (BMC), areal bone mineral density (aBMD) and BMD z-scores. Fat mass index (FMI), fat-free mass index (FFMI), and biomarkers of bone metabolism were assessed. Seventy-eight children 6-8 years old were recruited (mean body mass index for-age z-score: 3.3 +/- 1.2). Compared to baseline, all groups increased BMC of WB, LS, and LLS (p < 0.001), whereas only StnTx increased UD ulna + radius BMC at 12 months (p < 0.05). At 12 months, WB-BMD z-scores were significantly lower in Ctrl (p < 0.05), whereas WB and LLS aBMD increased in StnTx and ModTx (p < 0.001) but not in Ctrl. All groups increased FFMI (p < 0.001), while only Ctrl increased FMI (p < 0.001). Bone biomarkers did not change over time. Participating in a family-centered lifestyle intervention based on Canadian diet and PA guidelines maintained bone health in obese children.
High-energy breakfast based on whey protein reduces body weight, postprandial glycemia and HbA1C in Type 2 diabetes.; Acute studies show that addition of whey protein at breakfast has a glucose-lowering effect through increased incretin and insulin secretion. However, whether this is a long-term effect in Type 2 diabetes is unknown. Fifty-six Type 2 diabetes participants aged 58.9+/-4.5 years, BMI 32.1+/-0.9 kg/m2 and HbA1C 7.8+/-0.1% (61.6+/-0.79 mmol/mol) were randomized to one of 3 isocaloric diets with similar lunch and dinner, but different breakfast: 1) 42 g total protein, 28 g whey (WBdiet, n=19); 2) 42 g various protein sources (PBdiet, n=19); or 3) high-carbohydrate breakfast, 17 g protein from various sources (CBdiet, n=18). Body weight and HbA1C were examined after 12 weeks. All participants underwent three all-day meal challenges for postprandial glycemia, insulin, C-peptide, intact glucagon-like peptide 1 (iGLP-1), ghrelin and hunger and satiety scores. Overall postprandial AUCglucose was reduced by 12% in PBdiet and by 19% in WBdiet, compared with CBdiet (P<.0001). Compared with PBdiet and CBdiet, WBdiet led to a greater postprandial overall AUC for insulin, C-peptide, iGLP-1 and satiety scores, while postprandial overall AUC for ghrelin and hunger scores were reduced (P<.0001). After 12 weeks, HbA1C was reduced after WBdiet by 0.89+/-0.05% (11.5+/-0.6 mmol/mol), after PBdiet by 0.6+/-0.04% (7.1+/-0.31 mmol/mol) and after CBdiet by 0.36+/-0.04% (2.9+/-0.31 mmol/mol) (P<.0001). Furthermore, the participants on WBdiet lost 7.6+/-0.3 kg, PBdiet 6.1+/-0.3 kg and CBdiet 3.5+/-0.3 kg (P<.0001). Whey protein-based breakfast is an important adjuvant in the management of Type 2 diabetes. Copyright © 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Changes in Lipids and Inflammatory Markers after Consuming Diets High in Red Meat or Dairy for Four Weeks.; There is a body of evidence linking inflammation, altered lipid metabolism, and insulin resistance. Our previous research found that insulin sensitivity decreased after a four-week diet high in dairy compared to a control diet and to one high in red meat. Our aim was to determine whether a relationship exists between changes in insulin sensitivity and inflammatory biomarkers, or with lipid species. Fasting Tumor Necrosis Factor alpha (TNF-alpha), Tumor Necrosis Factor Receptor II (sTNF-RII), C-reactive protein (CRP), and lipids were measured at the end of each diet. TNF-alpha and the ratio TNF-alpha/sTNF-RII were not different between diets and TNF-alpha, sTNF-RII, or the ratio TNF-alpha/sTNF-RII showed no association with homeostasis model assessment-estimated insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). A number of phosphatidylethanolamine (PE) and phosphatidylinositol (PI) species differed between dairy and red meat and dairy and control diets, as did many phosphatidylcholine (PC) species and cholesteryl ester (CE) 14:0, CE15:0, lysophosphatidylcholine (LPC) 14:0, and LPC15:0. None had a significant relationship (p = 0.001 or better) with log homeostasis model assessment-estimated insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), although LPC14:0 had the strongest relationship (p = 0.004) and may be the main mediator of the effect of dairy on insulin sensitivity. LPC14:0 and the whole LPC class were correlated with CRP. The correlations between dietary change and the minor plasma phospholipids PI32:1 and PE32:1 are novel and may reflect significant changes in membrane composition. Inflammatory markers were not altered by changes in protein source while the correlation of LPC with CRP confirms a relationship between changes in lipid profile and inflammation.
Inulin-type fructans and whey protein both modulate appetite but only fructans alter gut microbiota in adults with overweight/obesity: A randomized controlled trial.; SCOPE: Independently, prebiotics and dietary protein have been shown to improve weight loss and/or alter appetite. Our objective was to determine the effect of combined prebiotic and whey protein on appetite, body composition and gut microbiota in adults with overweight/obesity., METHODS AND RESULTS: In a 12 week, placebo-controlled, double-blind study, 125 adults with overweight/obesity were randomly assigned to receive isocaloric snack bars of: (1) Control; (2) Inulin-type fructans (ITF); (3) Whey protein; (4) ITF + Whey protein. Appetite, body composition and gut microbiota composition/genetic potential were assessed. Compared to Control, body fat was significantly reduced in the Whey protein group at 12 wks. Hunger, desire to eat and prospective food consumption were all lower with ITF, Whey protein and ITF + Whey protein compared to Control at 12 wks. Microbial community structure differed from 0 to 12 wks in the ITF and ITF +Whey Protein groups (i.e. increased Bifidobacterium) but not Whey Protein or Control. Changes in microbial genetic potential were seen between Control and ITF-containing treatments., CONCLUSION: Adding ITF, whey protein or both to snack bars improved several aspects of appetite control. Changes in gut microbiota may explain in part the effects of ITF but likely not whey protein. Copyright © 2017 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim.
Growth and Nutritional Biomarkers of Preterm Infants Fed a New Powdered Human Milk Fortifier: A Randomized Trial.; OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to assess growth and nutritional biomarkers of preterm infants fed human milk (HM) supplemented with a new powdered HM fortifier (nHMF) or a control HM fortifier (cHMF). The nHMF provides similar energy content, 16% more protein (partially hydrolyzed whey), and higher micronutrient levels than the cHMF, along with medium-chain triglycerides and docosahexaenoic acid., METHODS: In this controlled, multicenter, double-blind study, a sample of preterm infants <=32 weeks or <=1500 g were randomized to receive nHMF (n = 77) or cHMF (n = 76) for a minimum of 21 days. Weight gain was evaluated for noninferiority (margin = -1 g/day) and superiority (margin = 0 g/day). Nutritional status and gut inflammation were assessed by blood, urine, and fecal biochemistries. Adverse events were monitored., RESULTS: Adjusted mean weight gain (analysis of covariance) was 2.3 g/day greater in nHMF versus cHMF; the lower limit of the 95% CI (0.4 g/day) exceeded both noninferiority (P < 0.001) and superiority margins (P = 0.01). Weight gain rate (unadjusted) was 18.3 (nHMF) and 16.8 g . kg . day (cHMF) between study days 1 and 21 (D1-D21). Length and head circumference (HC) gains between D1 and D21 were not different. Adjusted weight-for-age z score at D21 and HC-for-age z score at week 40 corrected age were greater in nHMF versus cHMF (P = 0.013, P = 0.003 respectively). nHMF had higher serum blood urea nitrogen, pre-albumin, alkaline phosphatase, and calcium (all within normal ranges; all P <= 0.019) at D21 versus cHMF. Both HMFs were well tolerated with similar incidence of gastrointestinal adverse events., CONCLUSIONS: nHMF providing more protein and fat compared to a control fortifier is safe, well-tolerated, and improves the weight gain of preterm infants.
Outcome Of 0.2% Glyceryltrinitrate Cream Versus 2% Diltiazem Cream In The Treatment Of Chronic Anal Fissure.; BACKGROUND: Anal fissure is a linear tear in the distal anal canal resulting from persistent hypertonia and spasm of the internal sphincter which results in mucosal ischemia. We have conducted a study in order to compare the outcome of 0.2% glyceryl trinitrate cream versus 2% diltiazem cream in the treatment of chronic anal fissure., METHODS: This randomized controlled trial (RCT) was carried out in the Department of Surgical "B" unit, at Ayub Teaching Hospital, Abbottabad, Pakistan from 15th June 2012 to 15th May 2015. One hundred and eighty-four patients who visited the outpatient department for the treatment of chronic anal fissure were included in the study. They were divided into two groups with 92 patients in each group. Patients in group "A" included those patients receiving topical glyceryl trinitrate and group "B" patients were those receiving topical diltiazem cream., RESULTS: Out of 184 patients 66.3% were males, 33.7% were females. Mean age of the patients was 43.84+/-7.976 and mean duration of symptoms was 10.55+/-2.524. Overall outcome in terms of healing was 71.2%, among which 80.4% were from diltiazem group while 62% in glyceryl trinitrate group. Complete relief of pain was observed in 67.9%, 26.1% complained of mild pain and 5.4% complained of moderate pain. Only one patient in glyceryl trinitrate group complained with severe pain with no healing after one month of follow up. No statistical association was found between healing outcome and gender as well as age of the patients (p>0.05) although an association was found between healing outcome and duration of symptoms (p<0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: This study shows that diltiazem has better outcome in terms of healing of chronic anal fissure and reductions in symptoms, i.e., pain compared with glyceryl trinitrate.
Ezetimibe and simvastatin combination inhibits and reverses the pro-inflammatory and pro-atherogenic effects of cream in obese patients.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Inflammation and postprandial lipemia are associated with increased cardiovascular disease. We investigated whether ezetimibe and simvastatin combination, a lipid lowering combination of simvastatin and ezetimibe, exerts an anti-inflammatory effect in the fasting state and after dairy cream intake., METHODS: Twenty obese patients were randomized to either ezetimibe and simvastatin combination or placebo treatment for 6 weeks. All patients were asked to ingest 33 ml of dairy cream (300 Calories) at the beginning and at the end of intervention. Fasting and post-cream blood samples were obtained., RESULTS: At 0 week, ingestion of cream induced significant increases in MNC expression of IL-1beta (105 +/- 18%), TNFalpha (97 +/- 12%), CD68 (48 +/- 8%), CD16 (141 +/- 39%), MMP-9 (122 +/- 31%), PECAM (66 +/- 10%), TLR-4 (84 +/- 11%) and TLR-2 (67 +/- 9%) and in endotoxin (LPS) concentrations (49 +/- 7%) (p < 0.05). Ezetimibe and simvastatin combination treatment lowered fasting total cholesterol, LDLc and Lp(a) concentrations and Apo B/A1 ratio and suppressed the MNC expression of IL-1beta and CD68 (by 21 +/- 7 and 24 +/- 10, p < 0.05) and the concentrations of LPS, CRP, FFA and IL-18 by 24 +/- 7%, 32 +/- 11%, 19 +/- 8% 15 +/- 4%, respectively, (p < 0.05). Cream-induced increases in the expression of IL-1beta, CD68, CD16, MMP-9, TNFalpha and PECAM were reduced in the ezetimibe and simvastatin combination group by 74 +/- 15%, 68 +/- 13%, 57 +/- 13%, 64 +/- 16%, 67 +/- 14% and 45 +/- 9%, respectively, while those of LPS and MMP-9 concentrations were reduced by 53 +/- 9% and 38 +/- 8%, respectively, compared to the increases at week 0 (p < 0.05). There was a suppression of TLR-2 and TLR-4 expression by 21 +/- 8% and 18 +/- 7%, respectively, compared to 0-h baseline, after cream intake following ezetimibe and simvastatin combination treatment., CONCLUSIONS: Ezetimibe and simvastatin combination exerts a profound anti-inflammatory effect both in the fasting state and acutely after the ingestion of saturated fat. Copyright © 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Comparison of the finger-feeding versus cup feeding methods in the transition from gastric to oral feeding in preterm infants.; OBJECTIVES: To assess the finger-feeding technique when compared with the cup feeding method during the early stage of preterm infant feeding transition regarding milk loss, milk ingestion period, and complications., METHODS: Experimental, randomized, prospective study including 53 preterm infants with gestation age<37 weeks, clinically stable, and with a score of >28 points in the Oral Feeding Readiness Assessment Scale. The preterm babies were randomized to be included in the control group, which underwent the feeding transition using a cup or in the experimental group, which used the finger-feeding technique. The analysis of data was performed using Student's t-test to evaluate differences between mean values of the appointed variables, and Fischer's test for categorical variables; the asymmetric variables were assessed by the Kruskal-Wallis ANOVA test., RESULTS: When compared with the control group, the experimental group showed lower milk loss, longer milk ingestion time, and a lower frequency of complications during feeding. The significance level was set at 5%, with a confidence interval of 90%., CONCLUSION: The finger-feeding technique was shown to be a better feeding transition method regarding efficacy when compared with cup feeding method, due to lower milk loss and fewer complication episodes. Copyright © 2017 Sociedade Brasileira de Pediatria. Published by Elsevier Editora Ltda. All rights reserved.
Protein supplements after weight loss do not improve weight maintenance compared with recommended dietary protein intake despite beneficial effects on appetite sensation and energy expenditure: a randomized, controlled, double-blinded trial.; Background: High-protein diets increase weight loss (WL) during energy restriction; therefore, it has been suggested that additional protein intake may improve weight maintenance (WM) after WL. Objective: We investigated the effect of protein supplements from either whey with or without calcium or soy on WM success after WL compared with that of a control. Design: In a randomized, controlled, double-blinded trial, 220 participants aged 18-60 y with body mass index (in kg/m2) from 27.6 to 40.4 were included. The study was initiated with an 8-wk WL period followed by a 24-wk WM period. During WM, participants consumed the following isocaloric supplements (45-48 g/d): whey and calcium (whey+), whey, soy, or maltodextrin (control). Data were collected at baseline, before WM, and after WM (weeks 0, 8, and 32, respectively) and included body composition, blood biochemistry, and blood pressure. Meal tests were performed to investigate diet-induced-thermogenesis (DIT) and appetite sensation. Compliance was tested by 24-h urinary nitrogen excretion. Results: A total of 151 participants completed the WM period. The control and 3 protein supplements did not result in different mean +/- SD weight regains (whey+: 2.19 +/- 4.6 kg; whey: 2.01 +/- 4.6 kg; soy: 1.76 +/- 4.7 kg; and control: 2.23 +/- 3.8 kg; P = 0.96), fat mass regains (whey+: 0.46 +/- 4.5 kg; whey: 0.11 +/- 4.1 kg; soy: 0.15 +/- 4.1 kg; and control: 0.54 +/- 3.3 kg; P = 0.96), or improvements in lean body mass (whey+: 1.87 +/- 1.7 kg; whey: 1.94 +/- 1.3 kg; soy: 1.58 +/- 1.4 kg; and control: 1.74 +/- 1.4 kg; P = 0.50) during WM. Changes in blood pressure and blood biochemistry were not different between groups. Compared with the control, protein supplementation resulted in higher DIT (~30 kJ/2.5 h) and resting energy expenditure (243 kJ/d) and an anorexigenic appetite-sensation profile. Conclusion:  Protein supplementation does not result in improved WM success, or blood biochemistry after WL compared with the effects of normal dietary protein intake (0.8-1.0 g . kg-1 . d-1). This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01561131. Copyright © 2017 American Society for Nutrition.
Enteral lactoferrin supplementation for prevention of sepsis and necrotizing enterocolitis in preterm infants.; BACKGROUND: Lactoferrin, a normal component of human colostrum and milk, can enhance host defenses and may be effective for prevention of sepsis and necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) in preterm neonates., OBJECTIVES: Primary objective 1. To assess the safety and effectiveness of lactoferrin supplementation to enteral feeds for prevention of sepsis and NEC in preterm neonates Secondary objectives 1. To determine the effects of lactoferrin supplementation to enteral feeds to prevent neonatal sepsis and/or NEC on duration of positive-pressure ventilation, development of chronic lung disease (CLD) or periventricular leukomalacia (PVL), length of hospital stay to discharge among survivors, and adverse neurological outcomes at two years of age or later2. To determine the adverse effects of lactoferrin supplementation for prophylaxis of neonatal sepsis and/or NECWhen data were available, we analyzed the following subgroups.1. Gestational age < 32 weeks and 32 to 36 weeks2. Birth weight < 1000 g (extremely low birth weight (ELBW) infants) and birth weight < 1500 g (very low birth weight (VLBW) infants)3. Type of feeding: breast milk versus formula milk SEARCH METHODS: We used the search strategy of the Cochrane Neonatal Review Group (CNRG) to update our search in December 2016. We searched the databases Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, PREMEDLINE, Embase, and the Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL), as well as trial registries and conference proceedings., SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating oral lactoferrin at any dose or duration to prevent sepsis or NEC in preterm neonates., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Review authors used standard methods of the CNRG., MAIN RESULTS: This review includes six RCTs. Trial results show that lactoferrin supplementation to enteral feeds decreased late-onset sepsis (typical risk ratio (RR) 0.59, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.40 to 0.87; typical risk difference (RD) -0.06, 95% CI -0.10 to -0.02; number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) 17, 95% CI 10 to 50; six trials, 886 participants; low-quality evidence) and NEC stage II or III (typical RR 0.40, 95% CI 0.18 to 0.86; typical RD -0.04, 95% CI -0.06 to -0.01; NNTB 25, 95% CI 17 to 100; four studies, 750 participants; low-quality evidence). Lactoferrin supplementation did not have an effect on "all-cause mortality" (typical RR 0.65, 95% CI 0.37 to 1.11; typical RD -0.02, 95% CI -0.05 to 0; six studies, 1041 participants; low-quality evidence). Lactoferrin supplementation to enteral feeds with probiotics decreased late-onset sepsis (RR 0.27, 95% CI 0.12 to 0.60; RD -0.13, 95% CI -0.19 to -0.06; NNTB 8, 95% CI 5 to 17; one study, 321 participants; low-quality evidence) and NEC stage II or III (RR 0.04, 95% CI 0.00 to 0.62; RD -0.05, 95% CI -0.08 to -0.03; NNTB 20, 95% CI 12.5 to 33.3; one study, 496 participants; low-quality evidence), but not "all-cause mortality" (low-quality evidence). Lactoferrin supplementation to enteral feeds with or without probiotics decreased bacterial and fungal sepsis but not CLD or length of hospital stay (low-quality evidence). Investigators reported no adverse effects and did not evaluate long-term neurological outcomes and PVL., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: Evidence of low quality suggests that lactoferrin supplementation to enteral feeds with or without probiotics decreases late-onset sepsis and NEC stage II or III in preterm infants without adverse effects. Completed ongoing trials will provide data from more than 6000 preterm neonates, which may enhance the quality of the evidence. Clarification regarding optimal dosing regimens, types of lactoferrin (human or bovine), and long-term outcomes is needed.
Yogurt and Diabetes: Overview of Recent Observational Studies.; The effects of dairy consumption on the prevention of type 2 diabetes remain controversial and depend on the dairy subtype. Yogurt intake has received special attention because its association with health benefits is more consistent than that of other types of dairy products. In the present article, we review those observational studies that evaluated the association between yogurt consumption and type 2 diabetes. We also discuss the possible mechanisms involved in these associations. We found that 13 prospective studies evaluated the association between yogurt intake and type 2 diabetes, most of which showed an inverse association between the frequency of yogurt consumption and the risk of diabetes. In addition to the scientific evidence accumulated from individual prospective studies, several meta-analyses have shown that yogurt consumption has a potential role in diabetes prevention. The most recent analysis shows a 14% lower risk of type 2 diabetes when yogurt consumption was 80-125 g/d compared with no yogurt consumption. The intake of fermented dairy products, especially yogurt, has been inversely associated with variables of glucose metabolism. Yogurt may have probiotic effects that could modulate glucose metabolism. We conclude that yogurt consumption, in the context of a healthy dietary pattern, may reduce the risk of type 2 diabetes in healthy and older adults at high cardiovascular risk. Large-scale intervention studies and randomized clinical trials are warranted to determine if yogurt consumption has beneficial effects on insulin sensitivity and reduces the risk of type 2 diabetes. Copyright © 2017 American Society for Nutrition.
Phytosterols and Omega 3 Supplementation Exert Novel Regulatory Effects on Metabolic and Inflammatory Pathways: A Proteomic Study.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains one of the major causes of death and disability worldwide. In addition to drug treatment, nutritional interventions or supplementations are becoming a health strategy for CVD prevention. Phytosterols (PhyS) are natural components that have been shown to reduce cholesterol levels; while poly-unsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), mainly omega-3 (omega3) fatty acids, have shown to reduce triglyceride levels. Here we aimed to investigate whether the proteins in the main lipoproteins (low density lipoproteins (LDL) and high density lipoproteins (HDL)) as well as proteins in the lipid free plasma fraction (LPDP) were regulated by the intake of PhyS-milk or omega3-milk, in overweight healthy volunteers by a proteomic based systems biology approach. The study was a longitudinal crossover trial, including thirty-two healthy volunteers with body mass index (BMI) 25-35 kg/m2 (Clinical Trial: ISRCTN78753338). Basal samples before any intervention and after 4 weeks of intake of PhyS or omega3-milk were analyzed. Proteomic profiling by two dimensional electrophoresis (2-DE) followed by mass spectrometry-(MALDI/TOF), ELISA, Western blot, conventional biochemical analysis, and in-silico bioinformatics were performed. The intake of PhyS-milk did not induce changes in the lipid associated plasma protein fraction, whereas omega3-milk significantly increased apolipoprotein (Apo)- E LDL content (p = 0.043) and induced a coordinated increase in several HDL-associated proteins, Apo A-I, lecitin cholesterol acyltransferase (LCAT), paraoxonase-1 (PON-1), Apo D, and Apo L1 (p < 0.05 for all). Interestingly, PhyS-milk intake induced a reduction in inflammatory molecules not seen after omega3-milk intake. Serum amyloid P component (SAP) was reduced in the LPDP protein fraction (p = 0.001) of subjects taking PhyS-milk and C-C motif chemokine 2 (CCL2)expression detected by reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) analysis in white blood cells was significantly reduced (p = 0.013). No changes were observed in the lipid-free plasma proteome with omega3-milk. Our study provides novel results and highlights that the PhyS-milk induces attenuation of the pro-inflammatory pathways, whereas omega3-milk induces improvement in lipid metabolic pathways.
Lactobacillus intake for 60 days favors antioxidant status of human breast milk: an RCT.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to evaluate the effects of lactobacillus supplementation on trends of breast milk antioxidant parameters., METHODS AND STUDY DESIGN: In an interventional study, 50 lactating women were randomly allocated to receive a daily supplement of lactobacillus (n=25) or a placebo (n=25) for 60 days. Daily dietary intake, anthropometric measures and breast milk antioxidant parameters were determined at the onset, and days 30 and 60 of the study. Repeated-measures ANOVA were performed to assess the change over time in the anthropometric and biochemical parameters between the two groups. The main effect of treatment was compared by using Bonferroni's procedure for CI adjustment. The significance level was set at p<0.05., RESULTS: There was a significant increase in breast milk total antioxidant capacity (TAC) between onset of study and day 30 (p=0.01) and day 60 (p=0.001) after lactobacillus supplementation; however, breast milk TAC level did not change significantly between days 30 and 60 (p=0.7). In the placebo group, breast milk TAC levels decreased significantly after 60 days (p=0.001). Breast milk malondialdehyde (MDA) levels decreased progressively during the study in the lactobacillus group (p=0.001); however, there was a significant increase in MDA with time in breast milk samples in the placebo group (p=0.015)., CONCLUSIONS: Based on the findings, lactobacillus supplementation for 60 days could significantly increase breast milk TAC and decrease breast milk MDA levels, compared with baseline; however, further studies are needed to confirm these results.
The Impact of Probiotic Soy Milk Consumption on Oxidative Stress Among Type 2 Diabetic Kidney Disease Patients: A Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial.; OBJECTIVE: Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) is one the most important complications of diabetes leading to end-stage renal disease. This study aimed to determine the effects of probiotic soy milk consumption on oxidative stress biomarkers in type 2 DKD patients., METHODS: Forty-eight patients were randomly assigned to consume a diet containing 200 mL/day probiotic soy milk in the intervention group or soy milk in the control condition. As determinants of oxidative stress, malondialdehyde, 8-iso-prostaglandin F2alpha, oxidized glutathione, total antioxidant capacity, reduced glutathione (GSH), glutathione peroxidase, and glutathione reductase were measured after 8 weeks of intervention according to the standard protocol., RESULTS: Between groups analysis showed that DKD patients in the probiotic soy milk group had a higher mean value of GSH compared with those in the soy milk group. In the final adjusted model, this difference remained significant. Consistently, oxidized glutathione concentration was significantly reduced among patients in the probiotic soy milk group. Also, for activity levels of antioxidant enzymes including glutathione peroxidase and glutathione reductase, significant increased levels were observed between 2 intervention groups in the final adjusted model. However, no significant reduction of the serum 8-iso-prostaglandin F2alpha or malondialdehyde and no induction of TAC concentrations within and between the 2 groups in the crude and adjusted models were detected., CONCLUSION: Overall, the results demonstrate that probiotic soy milk consumption could improve some oxidative stress factors among DKD patients. Further longitudinal studies with consideration of individual variation should be conducted. Copyright © 2017 National Kidney Foundation, Inc. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Probiotic yogurt and acidified milk similarly reduce postprandial inflammation and both alter the gut microbiota of healthy, young men.; Probiotic yogurt and milk supplemented with probiotics have been investigated for their role in 'low-grade' inflammation but evidence for their efficacy is inconclusive. This study explores the impact of probiotic yogurt on metabolic and inflammatory biomarkers, with a parallel study of gut microbiota dynamics. The randomised cross-over study was conducted in fourteen healthy, young men to test probiotic yogurt compared with milk acidified with 2 % d-(+)-glucono-delta-lactone during a 2-week intervention (400 g/d). Fasting assessments, a high-fat meal test (HFM) and microbiota analyses were used to assess the intervention effects. Baseline assessments for the HFM were carried out after a run-in during which normal milk was provided. No significant differences in the inflammatory response to the HFM were observed after probiotic yogurt compared with acidified milk intake; however, both products were associated with significant reductions in the inflammatory response to the HFM compared with the baseline tests (assessed by IL6, TNFalpha and chemokine ligand 5) (P<0.001). These observations were accompanied by significant changes in microbiota taxa, including decreased abundance of Bilophila wadsworthia after acidified milk (log 2-fold-change (FC)=-1.5, P adj=0.05) and probiotic yogurt intake (FC=-1.3, P adj=0.03), increased abundance of Bifidobacterium species after acidified milk intake (FC=1.4, P adj=0.04) and detection of Lactobacillus delbrueckii spp. bulgaricus (FC=7.0, P adj<0.01) and Streptococcus salivarius spp. thermophilus (FC=6.0, P adj<0.01) after probiotic yogurt intake. Probiotic yogurt and acidified milk similarly reduce postprandial inflammation that is associated with a HFM while inducing distinct changes in the gut microbiota of healthy men. These observations could be relevant for dietary treatments that target 'low-grade' inflammation.
Post-resistance exercise ingestion of milk protein attenuates plasma TNFalpha and TNFr1 expression on monocyte subpopulations.; Attenuating TNFalpha/TNFr1 signaling in monocytes has been proposed as a means of mitigating inflammation. The purpose of this study was to examine the effects of a milk protein supplement on TNFalpha and monocyte TNFr1 expression. Ten resistance-trained men (24.7 +/- 3.4 years; 90.1 +/- 11.3 kg; 176.0 +/- 4.9 cm) ingested supplement (SUPP) or placebo (PL) immediately post-exercise in a randomized, cross-over design. Blood samples were obtained at baseline (BL), immediately (IP), 30-min (30P), 1-h (1H), 2-h (2H), and 5-h (5H) post-exercise to assess plasma concentrations of myoglobin; tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNFalpha); and expression of tumor necrosis factor receptor 1 (TNFr1) on classical, intermediate, and non-classical monocytes. Magnitude-based inferences were used to provide inferences on the true effects of SUPP compared to PL. Plasma TNFalpha concentrations were "likely attenuated" (91.6% likelihood effect) from BL to 30P in the SUPP group compared with PL (d = 0.87; mean effect: 2.3 +/- 2.4 pg mL-1). TNFr1 expressions on classical (75.9% likelihood effect) and intermediate (93.0% likelihood effect) monocytes were "likely attenuated" from BL to 2H in the SUPP group compared with PL (d = 0.67; mean effect: 510 +/- 670 RFU, and d = 1.05; mean effect: 2500 +/- 2300 RFU, respectively). TNFr1 expression on non-classical monocytes was "likely attenuated" (77.6% likelihood effect) from BL to 1H in the SUPP group compared with PL (d = 0.69; mean effect: 330 +/- 430 RFU). Ingestion of a milk protein supplement immediately post-exercise appears to attenuate both plasma TNFalpha concentrations and TNFr1 expression on monocyte subpopulations in resistance-trained men.
Dietary medium-chain saturated fatty acids induce gene expression of energy metabolism-related pathways in adipose tissue of abdominally obese subjects.; BACKGROUND: Dietary medium-chain saturated fatty acids (MC-SFAs) have been shown to reduce total body fat. Previously, we showed that MC-SFAs prevent body fat accumulation, despite weight gain. Here, we aim to explore potential molecular mechanisms underlying the protective effect of MC-SFAs on body fat gain., METHODS: The DairyHealth study examined the long-term effects of milk protein and milk fat with a low or high content of MC-SFA. In this 12 week, randomized, double-blind, diet intervention study, participants consumed 60 g milk protein (whey or casein) and 63 g milk fat (high MC-SFA or low MC-SFA) daily in a two by two factorial design. We used microarrays to measure whole genome gene expression changes in subcutaneous adipose tissue in a subpopulation of 12 participants, 6 in the low MC-SFA+casein group and 6 in the high MC-SFA+casein group. Gene expression of several genes that were found to be changed by MC-SFAs was confirmed in the full study population using qPCR., RESULTS: High MC-SFA resulted in an upregulation of gene expression related to citric acid cycle and oxidative phosphorylation, and a downregulation of gene expression related to complement system and inflammation., CONCLUSIONS: We hypothesize that the beneficial effects of MC-SFAs on prevention of fat accumulation are mediated via increased gene expression related to energy metabolism in the adipose tissue. Decreases in inflammation-related gene expression may have beneficial effects in relation to cardiometabolic diseases.
The Effect of Dietary Glycemic Properties on Markers of Inflammation, Insulin Resistance, and Body Composition in Postmenopausal American Women: An Ancillary Study from a Multicenter Protein Supplementation Trial.; Controversy exists as to whether high glycemic index/glycemic load (GI/GL) diets increase the risk of chronic inflammation, which has been postulated as a pathogenic intermediary between such diets and age-related alterations in body composition and insulin resistance. We conducted an ancillary study to a randomized, double-blind trial comparing the effects of a whey protein supplement (PRO, n = 38) and a maltodextrin supplement (CHO, n = 46) on bone density to evaluate the impact of a calibrated increase in GI/GL on inflammation, insulin resistance, and body composition in a healthy aging population. Markers of inflammation, HOMA, body composition, and GI/GL (estimated from 3-day food records) were assessed at baseline and 18 months. By 18 months, the GL in the CHO group increased by 34%, 88.4 +/- 5.2 -> 118.5 +/- 4.9 and did not change in the PRO group, 86.5 +/- 4.1 -> 82.0 +/- 3.6 (p < 0.0001). Despite this change there were no differences in serum CRP, IL-6, or HOMA at 18 months between the two groups, nor were there significant associations between GL and inflammatory markers. However, trunk lean mass (p = 0.0375) and total lean mass (p = 0.038) were higher in the PRO group compared to the CHO group at 18 months There were also significant associations for GL and change in total fat mass (r = 0.3, p = 0.01), change in BMI (r = 0.3, p = 0.005), and change in the lean-to-fat mass ratio (r = -0.3, p = 0.002). Our data suggest that as dietary GL increases within the moderate range, there is no detectable change in markers of inflammation or insulin resistance, despite which there is a negative effect on body composition.
Vitamin D supplementation and growth in urban Mongol school children: Results from two randomized clinical trials.; BACKGROUND: Symptomatic vitamin D deficiency is associated with slowed growth in children. It is unknown whether vitamin D repletion in children with asymptomatic serum vitamin D deficiency can restore normal growth., OBJECTIVE: We tested the impact of vitamin D-supplementation on serum concentrations of 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] and short-term growth in Mongol children, with very low serum vitamin D levels in winter., DESIGN: We conducted two randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials in urban school age children without clinical signs of rickets. The Supplementation Study was a 6-month intervention with an 800 IU vitamin D3 supplement daily, compared with placebo, in 113 children aged 12-15 years. A second study, the Fortification Study, was a 7-week intervention with 710 ml of whole milk fortified with 300 IU vitamin D3 daily, compared with unfortified milk, in 235 children aged 9-11 years., RESULTS: At winter baseline, children had low vitamin D levels, with a mean (+/-SD) serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] concentration of 7.3 (+/-3.9) ng/ml in the Supplementation Study and 7.5 (+/-3.8) ng/ml in the Fortification Study. The serum levels increased in both vitamin D groups-by 19.8 (+/-5.1) ng/ml in the Supplementation Study, and 19.7 (+/-6.1) ng/ml in the Fortification Study. Multivariable analysis showed a 0.9 (+/-0.3 SE) cm greater increase in height in the vitamin-D treated children, compared to placebo treated children, in the 6-month Supplementation Study (p = 0.003). Although the children in the 7-week Fortification Study intervention arm grew 0.2 (+/-0.1) cm more, on average, than placebo children this difference was not statistically significant (p = 0.2). There were no significant effects of vitamin D supplements on differences in changes in weight or body mass index in either trial. For the Fortification Study, girls gained more weight than boys while taking vitamin D 3 (p-value for interaction = 0.03), but sex was not an effect modifier of the relationship between vitamin D3 and change in either height or BMI in either trial., CONCLUSIONS: Correcting vitamin D deficiency in children with very low serum vitamin D levels using 800 IU of vitamin D3 daily for six months increased growth, at least in the short-term, whereas, in a shorter trial of 300 IU of D fortified milk daily for 7 weeks did not.
Increased cytokine production by monocytes from human subjects who consumed grape powder was not mediated by differences in dietary intake patterns.; Recently, in a randomized, double-blind crossover study, we reported that consumption of grape powder by obese human subjects increased the production of the proinflammatory cytokines interleukin (IL)-1beta and IL-6 by peripheral blood monocytes after ex vivo stimulation with bacterial lipopolysaccharide compared with the placebo treatment. We hypothesized that dietary grape powder increased the production of these cytokines by stimulated monocytes. To test this hypothesis, we used 24-hour dietary recall data to determine if differences in dietary patterns played a role in increased cytokine production. No differences in total energy, protein, carbohydrates, or fat intake in the diets were observed between the grape powder and placebo intervention periods. There were no differences observed in consumption of meats and poultry, eggs, fish, vegetables, grains, total dairy, or nuts and seeds by the participants between the 2 intervention periods. When participants received the grape powder, the recall data showed decreased intakes of butyric and capric acids (P<.05), and a possible trend toward decreased intake of cheese and total fruit (P<.1). Positive associations between the intakes of margaric acid, butter, total dairy, or whole grain and IL-6 production were observed (P<.05). However, path analysis showed that total energy, protein, carbohydrates, and fats, and individual fatty acids did not influence the production of cytokines by monocytes. The path analysis indicated that the increased cytokine production by lipopolysaccharide-stimulated monocytes from obese human subjects was caused by the grape powder and not mediated by differences in dietary intake. Copyright Published by Elsevier Inc.
Circulating insulin-like growth factor-related biomarkers: Correlates and responses to calcium supplementation in colorectal adenoma patients.; Circulating insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) may be directly associated with colorectal cancer risk, and IGF binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3) is one of the most abundantly expressed binding proteins in various cancers. Calcium intakes, primarily from food, have been directly associated with circulating IGF-1, but whether supplemental calcium affects IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 is unknown. We tested the effects of 1.0 and 2.0 g of supplemental elemental calcium daily on circulating IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 concentrations in colorectal adenoma patients in a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled clinical trial (n = 193). IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 were quantified using enzyme-linked immunoassay and quantitative Western ligand blot, respectively. We also assessed cross-sectional associations of these biomarkers with participants' baseline characteristics. We found no appreciable effect of calcium relative to placebo on circulating IGF-1, IGFBP-3, or the IGF-1:IGFBP-3 molar ratio. Mean IGF-1 concentrations were 11.1% higher in those with greater milk intakes (P = 0.05). Mean IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 concentrations were, respectively, 18.0% (P = 0.003) and 16.5% (P = 0.01) higher in men and were monotonically lower with increasing age (both P = 0.01). IGFBP-3 was 17.7% higher among those with higher relative to no alcohol consumption (P = 0.04). While these results support previous findings that IGF-1 concentrations are higher with greater milk intakes, and IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 concentrations differ according to sex and age, they provide no evidence to suggest that supplemental calcium appreciably affects circulating IGF-1, IGFBP-3, or the IGF-1:IGFBP-3 molar ratio in sporadic colorectal adenoma patients. Copyright © 2017 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
An easy to produce and economical three-dimensional brain phantom for stereotactic computed tomographic-guided brain biopsy training in the dog.; OBJECTIVE: To develop and validate a three-dimensional (3D) brain phantom that can be incorporated into existing stereotactic headframes to simulate stereotactic brain biopsy (SBB) and train veterinary surgeons., STUDY DESIGN: Experimental study., SAMPLE POPULATION: Canine brain phantoms were fabricated from osteological skull specimens, agarose brain parenchyma, and cheddar and mozzarella cheese molds (simulating meningiomas and gliomas)., METHODS: The neuroradiologic and viscoelastic properties of phantoms were quantified with computed tomography (CT) and oscillatory compression tests, respectively. Phantoms were validated by experienced and novice operators performing SBB on phantoms containing randomly placed, focal targets. Target yield and needle placement error (NPE) were compared between operators., RESULTS: Phantoms were produced in <4 hours, at an average cost of $92. The CT appearances of the phantom skull, agarose, and cheese components approximated the in vivo features of skull, brain parenchyma, and contrast-enhancing tumors of meningeal and glial origin, respectively. The complex moduli of the agarose and cheeses were comparable to the viscoelastic properties of in vivo brain tissues and brain tumors. The overall diagnostic yield of SBB was 88%. Although NPE did not differ between novice (median 3.68 mm; range, 1.46-14.54 mm) and experienced surgeons (median 1.17 mm, range, 0.78-1.58 mm), our results support the relevance of the learning curve associated with the SBB procedure., CONCLUSION: This 3D phantom replicates anatomical, CT, and tactile features of brain tissues and tumors and can be used to develop the technical skills required to perform SBB. Copyright © 2017 The American College of Veterinary Surgeons.
Effectiveness of three commonly used transition phase diets in the inpatient management of children with severe acute malnutrition: a pilot randomized controlled trial in Malawi.; BACKGROUND: The case fatality rate of severely malnourished children during inpatient treatment is high and mortality is often associated with diarrhea. As intestinal carbohydrate absorption is impaired in severe acute malnutrition (SAM), differences in dietary formulations during nutritional rehabilitation could lead to the development of osmotic diarrhea and subsequently hypovolemia and death. We compared three dietary strategies commonly used during the transition of severely malnourished children to higher caloric feeds, i.e., F100 milk (F100), Ready-to-Use Therapeutic Food (RUTF) and RUTF supplemented with F75 milk (RUTF + F75)., METHODS: In this open-label pilot randomized controlled trial, 74 Malawian children with SAM aged 6-60 months, were assigned to either F100, RUTF or RUTF + F75. Our primary endpoint was the presence of low fecal pH (pH <= 5.5) measured in stool collected 3 days after the transition phase diets were introduced. Secondary outcomes were duration of hospital stay, diarrhea and other clinical outcomes. Chi-square test, two-way analysis of variance and logistic regression were conducted and, when appropriate, age, sex and initial weight for height Z-scores were included as covariates., RESULTS: The proportion of children with acidic stool (pH <=5.5) did not significantly differ between groups before discharge with 30, 33 and 23% for F100, RUTF and RUTF + F75, respectively. Mean duration of stay after transitioning was 7.0 days (SD 3.4) with no differences between the three feeding strategies. Diarrhea was present upon admission in 33% of patients and was significantly higher (48%) during the transition phase (p < 0.05). There was no significant difference in mortality (n = 6) between diets during the transition phase nor were there any differences in other secondary outcomes., CONCLUSIONS: This pilot trial does not demonstrate that a particular transition phase diet is significantly better or worse since biochemical and clinical outcomes in children with SAM did not differ. However, larger and more tightly controlled efficacy studies are needed to confirm these findings., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ISRCTN13916953 Registered: 14 January 2013.
Odd-chain fatty acids as a biomarker for dietary fiber intake: a novel pathway for endogenous production from propionate.; Background: The risk of type 2 diabetes is inversely correlated with plasma concentrations of odd-chain fatty acids [OCFAs; pentadecanoic acid (15:0) and heptadecanoic acid (17:0)], which are considered as biomarkers for dairy fat intake in humans. However, rodent studies suggest that OCFAs are synthesized endogenously from gut-derived propionate. Propionate increases with dietary fiber consumption and has been shown to improve insulin sensitivity. Objective: We hypothesized that OCFAs are produced in humans from dietary fibers by a novel endogenous pathway. Design: In a randomized, double-blind crossover study, 16 healthy individuals were supplemented with cellulose (30 g/d), inulin (30 g/d), or propionate (6 g/d) for 7 d. In addition, human hepatoma cells were incubated with different propionate concentrations. OCFAs were determined in plasma phospholipids and hepatoma cells by gas chromatography. Results: Cellulose did not affect plasma OCFA levels, whereas inulin and propionate increased pentadecanoic acid by ~17% (P < 0.05) and 13% (P = 0.05), respectively. The effect on heptadecanoic acid was even more pronounced, because it was elevated in almost all participants by inulin (11%; P < 0.01) and propionate (13%; P < 0.001). Furthermore, cell culture experiments showed a positive association between propionate and OCFA levels (R2 = 0.99, P < 0.0001), whereas palmitate (16:0) was negatively correlated (R2 = 0.83, P = 0.004). Conclusions: Our data show that gut-derived propionate is used for the hepatic synthesis of OCFAs in humans. The association of OCFAs with a decreased risk of type 2 diabetes may therefore also relate to dietary fiber intake and not only dairy fat. This trial was registered at www.germanctr.de as DRKS00010121. Copyright © 2017 American Society for Nutrition.
The effect of dietary protein source on serum lipids: Secondary data analysis from a randomized clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: Plant-based diets can lower serum lipids. Whether soy foods offer additional benefits remains controversial., OBJECTIVE: To determine the effect of different protein sources on serum lipids and glucose metabolism, emphasizing comparisons between soy and nonsoy plant-based diets., METHODS: Secondary data analysis. A total of 173 postmenopausal women were randomized to 1 of 4 weighed metabolic diets for 6 weeks. Diets were equivalent in energy, protein, and fat with at least 80% of protein from either nondairy animal, dairy, nonsoy plant, or soy foods. At baseline and week 6, total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), high-density lipoprotein (HDL), triglycerides, glucose, and insulin were measured. Changes in variables during the diet period were compared within and among groups using t tests and analysis of variance., RESULTS: TC decreased 38.8 mg/dL in soy group (P < .001 vs dairy and animal) and 30.5 mg/dL in nonsoy plant group (P = .003 vs dairy, .03 vs animal). LDL decreased 28.3 mg/dL in soy group (P < .001 vs dairy and animal) and 20.6 mg/dL in nonsoy plant group (P = .005 vs dairy, .06 vs animal). HDL decreased 12 mg/dL in soy group (P = .003 vs dairy, .0008 vs animal) and 10 mg/dL in nonsoy plant group (P = .05 vs dairy, .04 vs animal). There were no significant differences in lipid changes between soy and nonsoy plant-based diets. No differences among groups in changes in triglycerides, glucose, or insulin were seen., CONCLUSIONS: Soy and nonsoy plant-based diets reduced TC and LDL with no significant difference between them. Further studies are needed to determine the specific lipid-lowering components of both soy and nonsoy plant foods. Copyright © 2016 National Lipid Association. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Kefir drink causes a significant yet similar improvement in serum lipid profile, compared with low-fat milk, in a dairy-rich diet in overweight or obese premenopausal women: A randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Controversy exists as to whether the lipid-lowering properties of kefir drink (a fermented probiotic dairy product) in animal models could be replicated in humans., OBJECTIVE: To assess and compare the potential lipid-lowering effects of kefir drink with low-fat milk in a dairy-rich diet in overweight or obese premenopausal women., METHODS: In this 8-week, single-center, multiarm, parallel-group, outpatient, randomized controlled trial, 75 eligible Iranian women aged 25 to 45 years were randomly allocated to kefir, milk, or control groups. Women in the control group received a weight-maintenance diet containing 2 servings/d of low-fat dairy products, whereas subjects in the milk and kefir groups received a similar diet containing 2 additional servings/d (a total of 4 servings/d) of dairy products from low-fat milk or kefir drink, respectively. At baseline and study end point, serum levels/ratios of total cholesterol (TC), low- and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDLC and HDLC), triglyceride, Non-HDLC, TC/HDLC, LDLC/HDLC, and triglyceride/LDLC were measured as outcome measures., RESULTS: After 8 weeks, subjects in the kefir group had significantly lower serum levels/ratios of lipoproteins than those in the control group (mean between-group differences were -10.4 mg/dL, -9.7 mg/dL, -11.5 mg/dL, -0.4, and -0.3 for TC, LDLC, non-HDLC, TC/HDLC, and LDLC/HDLC, respectively; all P < .05). Similar results were observed in the milk group. However, no such significant differences were found between the kefir and milk groups., CONCLUSION: Kefir drink causes a significant yet similar improvement in serum lipid profile, compared with low-fat milk, in a dairy-rich diet in overweight or obese premenopausal women. Copyright © 2016 National Lipid Association. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of Baseline Nutritional Status on Long-term Multivitamin Use and Cardiovascular Disease Risk: A Secondary Analysis of the Physicians' Health Study II Randomized Clinical Trial.; Importance: Long-term multivitamin use had no effect on risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in the Physicians' Health Study II. Baseline nutritional status may have modified the lack of effect., Objective: To investigate effect modification by various baseline dietary factors on CVD risk in the Physicians' Health Study II., Design, Setting, and Participants: The Physicians' Health Study II was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial testing multivitamin use (multivitamin [Centrum Silver] or placebo daily) among US male physicians. The Physicians' Health Study II included 14641 male physicians 50 years or older, 13316 of whom (91.0%) completed a baseline 116-item semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire and were included in the analyses. This study examined effect modification by baseline intake of key foods, individual nutrients, dietary patterns (Alternate Healthy Eating Index and Alternate Mediterranean Diet Score), and dietary supplement use. The study began in 1997, with continued treatment and follow-up through June 1, 2011., Interventions: Multivitamin or placebo daily., Main Outcomes and Measures: Major cardiovascular events, including nonfatal myocardial infarction, nonfatal stroke, and CVD mortality. Secondary outcomes included myocardial infarction, total stroke, CVD mortality, and total mortality individually., Results: In total, 13316 male physicians (mean [SD] age at randomization, 64.0 [9.0] years in those receiving the active multivitamin and 64.0 [9.1] years in those receiving the placebo) were observed for a mean (SD) follow-up of 11.4 (2.3) years. There was no consistent evidence of effect modification by various foods, nutrients, dietary patterns, or baseline supplement use on the effect of multivitamin use on CVD end points. Statistically significant interaction effects were observed between multivitamin use and vitamin B6 intake on myocardial infarction, between multivitamin use and vitamin D intake on CVD mortality, and between multivitamin use and vitamin B12 intake on CVD mortality and total mortality. However, there were inconsistent patterns in hazard ratios across tertiles of each dietary factor that are likely explained by multiple testing., Conclusions and Relevance: The results suggest that baseline nutritional status does not influence the effect of randomized long-term multivitamin use on major CVD events. Future studies are needed to investigate the role of baseline nutritional biomarkers on the effect of multivitamin use on CVD and other outcomes., Trial Registration: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00270647.
Supplementation of fermented Maillard-reactive whey protein enhances immunity by increasing NK cell activity.; OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to investigate the impact of supplementation with fermented Maillard-reactive whey protein (F-MRP) on natural killer (NK) cell activity, circulating cytokines, and serum protein levels., METHODS: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study was conducted on a sample of 80 participants without diabetes or obesity. Over an 8-week study period, the F-MRP group consumed 6 g of powder containing 4.2 g of F-MRP each day, whereas the placebo group consumed the same amount of maltodextrin. For each participant, NK cell activity was evaluated based on the ratio of effector cells (E; peripheral blood mononuclear cells, PBMCs) to target cells (T; K562 cells) at E : T ratios of 10 : 1, 5 : 1, 2.5 : 1, and 1.25 : 1., RESULTS: Body mass index (BMI) and NK cell activity under all assay conditions were significantly increased in the F-MRP group at the 8-week follow-up visit compared with the values at the baseline, whereas the placebo group showed significant reductions in NK cell activity (at an E : T ratio of 5 : 1), serum albumin, and pre-albumin at the 8-week follow-up visit compared with the values at the baseline. When comparing the changes between the placebo and F-MRP groups, the increases in NK cell activity under all assay conditions and serum interleukin (IL)-12 in the F-MRP group were greater than those in the placebo group after adjusting for baseline values. There were also significant differences in pre-albumin and insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-1 between the two groups; the change in (DELTA) IL-12 was positively correlated with both DELTApre-albumin (r = 0.435, P = 0.006) and DELTANK cell activity at an E : T ratio of 10 : 1 (r = 0.571, P < 0.001) in the F-MRP group., CONCLUSION: Daily consumption of F-MRP enhanced NK cell function, which was positively associated with DELTAIL-12. Moreover, DELTAIL-12 was positively correlated with DELTApre-albumin.
An empirically derived dietary pattern associated with breast cancer risk is validated in a nested case-control cohort from a randomized primary prevention trial.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: We reported an association between cytologic atypia, a reversible biomarker of breast cancer risk, and lower omega-3/omega-6 fatty acid ratio in blood and breast tissue. Our goal was to develop and validate a dietary pattern index in this high-risk sample of U.S. women, and test its capacity to predict incidence in a nested case-control cohort of Canadian women from a randomized trial of a low-fat dietary intervention for primary prevention of breast cancer., METHODS: Food intake was measured by food frequency questionnaire in the U.S. sample (n = 65) and multiple dietary recalls in the Canadian sample (n = 220 cases; 440 controls). Principal component analysis identified a dietary pattern associated with atypia. We measured differences among dietary pattern tertiles in (a) fatty acid composition in blood lipids and breast tissue in the U.S. sample, and (b) risk of breast cancer subtypes in the Canadian cohort. Registered under ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT00148057., RESULTS: A Modern diet was characterized as consuming more grains, dairy, and sugar and less vegetables, fish and poultry; these women had lower tissue omega-3 fatty acids and higher omega-6 and trans fatty acids. The low-fat intervention increased the likelihood of a Modern diet after randomization. A Modern diet at baseline and post-randomization was associated with estrogen-receptor negative (ER-) breast cancer risk among those at least 160 cm tall. A Traditional diet (the reciprocal of Modern) at baseline was associated with lower ER-positive (ER+) risk in the comparison group, but not the low-fat intervention group., CONCLUSIONS: A Modern diet (high in grains, dairy, and sugar and low in vegetables, fish, and poultry) is associated with ER- breast cancer risk among taller women. Recommending dietary fat reduction may have untoward effects on breast cancer risk. Copyright © 2016 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Efficacy of a film-forming medical device containing sunscreen (50+) and piroxicam 0.8% in actinic keratosis and field cancerization: a multicenter, assessor-blinded, 3 month trial.; INTRODUCTION: Sunscreen protection in subjects with actinic keratosis (AK) is highly recommended to prevent clinical evolution of this in situ skin cancer condition. Use of topical anti-cyclooxygenase drugs such as diclofenac and piroxicam reduces the number of lesions and improves the cancerization field. A film-forming medical device in a cream formulation containing organic and inorganic sun-filters (50+ SPF) and piroxicam 0.8% (ACTX) has shown in a pilot, single-center, open trial to reduce AK lesions improving the cancerization field., AIM: We evaluated in a multicenter, assessor-blinded, 3 month trial the efficacy of ACTX in AK., METHODS: A total of 70 subjects with at least three AK lesions on the scalp or face were enrolled after written informed consent. Primary outcomes of the study were the clinical evolution of number of AK lesions on a target zone area and the evolution of dermoscopy features of the target lesion, assessing erythema, scaling, pigmentation, and follicular plug, using a 5 point score (from 0 to 4; maximum score: 16). Lesion count and dermoscopy score were evaluated in a blind fashion assessing digital color high definition coded images. A secondary outcome was the Investigator Global Score (IGS) of clinical evolution of the target area using a 7 point scale from -2 (significantly worse) to +4 (completely cured). IGS was evaluated in an open fashion. Subjects were instructed to apply the cream twice daily on the target area, using one finger-tip unit for the treatment of a 35 cm2 area., RESULTS: All but one subject (40 men and 30 women, mean age 73 years) concluded the study period. At baseline the mean (+/-SD) number of AK lesions in the target area were 7.0 (5.9) with a median value of 5 and the dermoscopy score of the target lesion was 7.0 (2.3) with a median value of 7.0. ACTX treatment reduced AK lesions to 3.2 (2.9), (p = .0001; Wilcoxon Test), representing a 55% relative reduction. Dermoscopy score was reduced to 3.3 (2.6) (p = .0001) (a reduction of 53%). The IGS after ACTX treatment was +1.9 (1.1), with a median of 2.0. A total of 86% of subjects showed a clinical improvement of IGS (>=1) with a very significant/complete clearance (score +3 or +4) in 42% subjects. No change or a worsening of AK lesions was observed in 14% of the subjects. The product was well tolerated. No serious adverse events were reported during the duration of the trial., CONCLUSION: In this multicenter, assessor-blinded trial, the use of a film-forming medical device with sun protection and anti-inflammatory actions was effective in reducing AK lesions and improving the dermoscopy aspect of the target lesion in 86% of treated subjects. A head-to-head trial evaluating the efficacy of this medical device in comparison with diclofenac is warranted to establish whether this therapeutic approach could offer additional advantages in term of AK lesion reduction compared to an established topical treatment. (Trial ID: ISRCTN72020277).
The effect of dairy intake on bone mass and body composition in early pubertal girls and boys: a randomized controlled trial.; Background: Calcium retention increases with increasing body mass index (BMI) on recommended calcium intakes. Dairy foods are an excellent source of essential nutrients that are needed to increase bone mineral content (BMC) and potentially decrease fracture. Objective: We compared children who were overweight with children who were healthy weight for the accrual of bone mass in response to an extra 3 servings dairy/d compared with usual intake. Design: Participants were 240 healthy boys and girls (64%), aged 8-15.9 y (mean +/- SD age: 11.8 +/- 1.5 y), who consumed low amounts of dairy (<800 mg Ca/d). A total of 181 subjects completed the trial-61% were black, 35% were white, and 4% were other; 50% of subjects were healthy weight [5th through 70th BMI percentiles for age (percentile)], and 50% of subjects were overweight (>=85th percentile). Participants were randomly assigned within BMI categories to receive an 18-mo dairy intervention (3 servings/d equivalent to ~900 mg Ca/d) or control. Main outcome measures assessed every 6 mo included the total-body bone mineral content and density, cortical and trabecular bone mineral density (BMD), BMC, and bone area at the 4% tibia and anthropometric measures. Results: No significant differences in the change of BMD, BMC, or bone area for the total-body radius, lumbar spine, and total hip were observed between subjects who received the dairy intervention (achieved consumption of 1500 mg Ca/d) and subjects who did not (achieved 1000 mg Ca/d, which represented ~2 cups milk or other dairy as part of the diet) with the exception of a tibial BMC gain, which was greater in the group who were given dairy (P = 0.02). Body fat was not influenced by the diet assignment. Conclusions: Dairy food interventions generally had no effect on bone mineral acquisition or body composition either within or between weight groups. This study suggests that 2 cups milk or the dairy equivalent is adequate for normal bone gain between ages 8 and 16 y. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00635583. Copyright © 2017 American Society for Nutrition.
Dairy consumption, systolic blood pressure, and risk of hypertension: Mendelian randomization study.; Objective To examine whether previous observed inverse associations of dairy intake with systolic blood pressure and risk of hypertension were causal. Design Mendelian randomization study using the single nucleotide polymorphism rs4988235 related to lactase persistence as an instrumental variable. Setting CHARGE (Cohorts for Heart and Aging Research in Genomic Epidemiology) Consortium. Participants Data from 22 studies with 171 213 participants, and an additional 10 published prospective studies with 26 119 participants included in the observational analysis. Main outcome measures The instrumental variable estimation was conducted using the ratio of coefficients approach. Using meta-analysis, an additional eight published randomized clinical trials on the association of dairy consumption with systolic blood pressure were summarized. Results Compared with the CC genotype (CC is associated with complete lactase deficiency), the CT/TT genotype (TT is associated with lactose persistence, and CT is associated with certain lactase deficiency) of LCT-13910 (lactase persistence gene) rs4988235 was associated with higher dairy consumption (0.23 (about 55 g/day), 95% confidence interval 0.17 to 0.29) serving/day; P<0.001) and was not associated with systolic blood pressure (0.31, 95% confidence interval -0.05 to 0.68 mm Hg; P=0.09) or risk of hypertension (odds ratio 1.01, 95% confidence interval 0.97 to 1.05; P=0.27). Using LCT-13910 rs4988235 as the instrumental variable, genetically determined dairy consumption was not associated with systolic blood pressure (beta=1.35, 95% confidence interval -0.28 to 2.97 mm Hg for each serving/day) or risk of hypertension (odds ratio 1.04, 0.88 to 1.24). Moreover, meta-analysis of the published clinical trials showed that higher dairy intake has no significant effect on change in systolic blood pressure for interventions over one month to 12 months (intervention compared with control groups: beta=-0.21, 95% confidence interval -0.98 to 0.57 mm Hg). In observational analysis, each serving/day increase in dairy consumption was associated with -0.11 (95% confidence interval -0.20 to -0.02 mm Hg; P=0.02) lower systolic blood pressure but not risk of hypertension (odds ratio 0.98, 0.97 to 1.00; P=0.11). Conclusion The weak inverse association between dairy intake and systolic blood pressure in observational studies was not supported by a comprehensive instrumental variable analysis and systematic review of existing clinical trials. Copyright Published by the BMJ Publishing Group Limited. For permission to use (where not already granted under a licence) please go to http://group.bmj.com/group/rights-licensing/permissions.
Streptococcus thermophilus fermented milk reduces serum MDA-LDL and blood pressure in healthy and mildly hypercholesterolaemic adults.; Low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol, malondialdehyde-modified low-density lipoprotein (MDA-LDL), MDA-LDL/LDL-cholesterol in serum, and blood pressure are considered useful risk markers of cardiovascular diseases. This study aimed to examine whether a fermented milk containing Streptococcus thermophilus YIT 2001 (ST), which has high anti-oxidative activity, would benefit healthy and mildly hyper-LDL-cholesterolaemic adults via a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. ST-fermented milk or non-fermented placebo milk (PC) was consumed once a day for 12 weeks by 29 and 30 subjects, respectively, with average serum LDL-cholesterol levels of about 140 mg/dl. Serum levels of LDL-cholesterol and MDA-LDL and blood pressure were analysed before (baseline) and after consumption. Comparisons of the responses between both groups were assessed using analysis of covariance (ANCOVA, with the baseline value as the covariate). ANCOVA demonstrated that the ST group had significant reductions in MDA-LDL, MDA-LDL/LDL-cholesterol, systolic blood pressure (SBP), and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) compared with the PC group during the consumption period (P<0.05). Moreover, stratified analysis revealed that there were significant reductions in MDA-LDL, MDA-LDL/LDL-cholesterol, SBP, and DBP in the ST group compared with the PC group during the consumption period in subjects who had above median (65 U/l) levels of oxidative stress marker MDA-LDL at baseline (P<0.05), but not in subjects with levels below the median. These findings suggest that daily consumption of ST-fermented milk may be beneficial in healthy or mildly hyper-LDL cholesterolaemic subjects through reductions in risk marker values of oxidative stress and/or cardiovascular diseases. The benefits were particularly remarkable in subjects who had higher levels of MDA-LDL.
The effect of increasing dairy calcium intake of adolescent girls on changes in body fat and weight.; Background: Overweight is epidemic in adolescents and is a major concern because it tracks into adulthood. Evidence supports the efficacy of high-calcium, high-dairy diets in achieving healthy weight in adults. However, no randomized controlled trials of the effect of dairy food on weight and body fat in adolescents have been reported to our knowledge. Objective: The aim was to determine whether increasing calcium intake to recommended amounts with dairy foods in adolescent girls with habitually low calcium intakes would decrease body fat gain compared with girls who continued their low calcium intake. Participants had above-the-median body mass index (BMI; in kg/m2). Design: We enrolled 274 healthy postmenarcheal 13- to 14-y-old overweight girls who had calcium intakes of <=600 mg/d in a 12-mo randomized controlled trial. Girls were randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to 1 of 2 groups within each of 3 BMI percentiles: 50th to <70th, 70th to <85th, and 85th to <98th. The assignments were 1) dairy, which included low-fat milk or yogurt servings providing >=1200 mg Ca/d or 2) control, which included the usual diet of <=600 mg Ca/d. Results: We failed to detect a statistically significant difference between groups in percentage of body fat gain over 12 mo (mean +/- SEM: dairy 0.40% +/- 0.53% > control; P < 0.45). The effect of the intervention did not differ by BMI percentile stratum. There was no difference in weight change between the 2 groups. Conclusion:  Our findings that the dairy group gained body fat similar to the control group provide no support for dairy food as a stratagem to decrease body fat or weight gain in overweight adolescent girls. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01066806. Copyright © 2017 American Society for Nutrition.
Supplementation of Infant Formula with Bovine Milk Fat Globule Membranes.; Studies have shown that supplementation of infant formula with bovine milk fat globule membranes (MFGMs) may substantially narrow the gap in health outcomes between formula-fed and breastfed infants. In one study, consumption of a formula supplemented with a lipid-rich MFGM concentrate between 2 and 6 mo of age improved cognitive performance at 24 wk of age. In another study, a formula supplemented with a protein-rich MFGM concentrate given between 2 and 6 mo of age improved cognitive performance at 12 mo of age, decreased infectious morbidity until 6 mo of age, and yielded serum cholesterol concentrations closer to those of breastfed infants. A third study that assessed the safety of supplementing infant formula with a lipid-rich or a protein-rich MFGM concentrate found a noninferior weight gain for both groups compared with a nonsupplemented formula. In this study, there was an increased risk of eczema in the protein-rich group, but no serious adverse events. Infant formulas with supplemental MFGMs have been launched on the market in several countries. However, the evidence base must still be considered quite limited. Based on 3 randomized controlled trials that are not comparable, the intervention seems safe, but there is not enough evidence for a general recommendation on which MFGM fraction to use and at what concentration as formula supplement for a given outcome. Copyright © 2017 American Society for Nutrition.
The effect of UHT-processed dairy milk on cardio-metabolic risk factors.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains a major cause of death worldwide. Whereas dairy generally is associated with a neutral or a beneficial CVD effect, the consumption of ultra-high temperature (UHT)-treated milk has been reported to increase levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) in an uncontrolled study. Our aim was to examine whether semi-skimmed UHT dairy milk increases the risk of CVD development compared with pasteurized (PAST) dairy milk in overweight healthy adults., SUBJECTS/METHODS: Nineteen healthy men and women participated in a randomized, controlled, crossover study. The effect of intake of 1.5 l of UHT dairy milk or PAST milk, similar in nutritional content, was examined as a supplement to the participant's habitual diet for 21 days in each intervention period. Intake of other dairy products was not allowed during the intervention period. Clinical evaluation and blood samples took place preintervention and postintervention., RESULTS: There was no significant effect by type of milk on LDL-C (P=0.29). No effects of type of milk were observed in other blood lipid levels, such as total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol or triglycerides. No effects of type of milk were found for blood pressure, insulin, glucose concentration and insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance) or body weight., CONCLUSIONS: This study does not support the hypothesis that UHT processing of milk increases the risk of CVD.
Comparison of the impact of SFAs from cheese and butter on cardiometabolic risk factors: a randomized controlled trial.; Background: Controversies persist concerning the association between intake of dietary saturated fatty acids (SFAs) and cardiovascular disease risk. Objective: We compared the impact of consuming equal amounts of SFAs from cheese and butter on cardiometabolic risk factors. Design: In a multicenter, crossover, randomized controlled trial, 92 men and women with abdominal obesity and relatively low HDL-cholesterol concentrations were assigned to sequences of 5 predetermined isoenergetic diets of 4 wk each separated by 4-wk washouts: 2 diets rich in SFAs (12.4-12.6% of calories) from either cheese or butter; a monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA)-rich diet (SFAs: 5.8%, MUFAs: 19.6%); a polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA)-rich diet (SFAs: 5.8%, PUFAs: 11.5%); and a low-fat, high-carbohydrate diet (fat: 25%, SFAs: 5.8%). Results: Serum HDL-cholesterol concentrations were similar after the cheese and butter diets but were significantly higher than after the carbohydrate diet (+3.8% and +4.7%, respectively; P < 0.05 for both). LDL-cholesterol concentrations after the cheese diet were lower than after the butter diet (-3.3%, P < 0.05) but were higher than after the carbohydrate (+2.6%), MUFA (+5.3%), and PUFA (+12.3%) diets (P < 0.05 for all). LDL-cholesterol concentrations after the butter diet also increased significantly (from +6.1% to +16.2%, P < 0.05) compared with the carbohydrate, MUFA, and PUFA diets. The LDL-cholesterol response to treatment was significantly modified by baseline values (P-interaction = 0.02), with the increase in LDL cholesterol being significantly greater with butter than with cheese only among individuals with high baseline LDL-cholesterol concentrations. There was no significant difference between all diets on inflammation markers, blood pressure, and insulin-glucose homeostasis. Conclusions: The results of our study suggest that the consumption of SFAs from cheese and butter has similar effects on HDL cholesterol but differentially modifies LDL-cholesterol concentrations compared with the effects of carbohydrates, MUFAs, and PUFAs, particularly in individuals with high LDL cholesterol. In contrast, SFAs from either cheese or butter have no significant effects on several other nonlipid cardiometabolic risk factors. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02106208. Copyright © 2017 American Society for Nutrition.
Nutrition and physical activity transitions in the Ecuadorian Andes: Differences among urban and rural-dwelling women.; OBJECTIVES: The nutrition and physical activity transitions, characterized by increased consumption of high energy density foods and more sedentary lifestyles, are associated with increased obesity and hypertension in Ecuador. These transitions have been characterized primarily in urban areas, which may neglect variation in specific rural areas of Ecuador. Therefore we examined the extent of the differences in dietary and activity patterns, obesity prevalence, and blood pressure (BP) in urban and rural-dwelling women in the Ecuadorian central highlands., METHODS: Urban-dwelling women (UW, n = 198, mean age = 44 years) from three areas of a city of 250,000 residents and rural women (RW; n = 202, mean age = 47 years) from three remote communities in the same province (Chimborazo) were randomly selected and surveyed for dietary and activity practices, BP, and anthropometrics., RESULTS: Ninety percent of UW reported obtaining their food primarily from markets while 65% of RW women obtained their food primarily from their own cultivation. Cookies, cakes, candies, ice cream, and French fries were consumed more frequently by UW. RW reported lower consumption of beef, poultry, and chicken, as well as fruits, milk, and white rice. UW compared to RW women spent less time walking and in strenuous work activities. Obesity (BMI > 30 kg/m2 ) (UW = 18.7% vs RW = 9.2%) and hypertension (UW = 15.7%, RW= 3.0%) were more common in UW. Average systolic and diastolic BP was significantly higher in UW., CONCLUSIONS: The nutrition and physical activity transitions appear more evident in urban- compared to rural-dwelling women, and are associated with more obesity and higher BP. Copyright © 2017 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Consumption of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink increased leptin and ghrelin levels but reduced leptin to ghrelin ratio in type 2 diabetes patients: a single blind randomized controlled trial.; PURPOSE: This study aimed to evaluate the effect of daily consumption of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink (doogh) in comparison with plain doogh on appetite-regulating hormones including leptin and ghrelin in type 2 diabetes (T2D) patients., METHODS: In a single blind randomized clinical trial, subjects with T2D were randomly allocated to one of the two groups and received either vitamin D3-fortified doogh (FD; containing 170 mg calcium and 500 IU/250 mL, n 2 = 50) or plain doogh (PD; containing 170 mg calcium and no vitamin D/250 mL, n 1 = 50) twice a day for 12 weeks. Leptin and ghrelin were evaluated at the beginning and after 12 weeks of intervention., RESULTS: The intervention resulted in a significant improvement of circulating 25(OH)D, fasting glucose, Quantitative Insulin Check Index (QUICKI), hs-CRP, in FD compared with PD group. A significant rise in both serum leptin (+1.3 +/- 7.2 mg/L; p = 0.013) and ghrelin (10.1 +/- 26.1 ng/L; p = 0.012) was observed in FD group. A between-group difference for ghrelin changes (p = 0.029) remained significant after adjusting for changes QUICKI (p = 0.039), body mass index (p = 0.034) and hs-CRP (p = 0.022). Despite an increase in both leptin and ghrelin, leptin to ghrelin (L/G) ratio actually decreased in FD. Changes of L/G ratio showed a significant between-group difference (p = 0.036), which remained significant even after adjusting for changes of hs-CRP (p = 0.028) and fat mass (p = 0.047) but disappeared after adjusting for changes of QUICKI (p = 0.42)., CONCLUSIONS: Daily intake of vitamin D-fortified doogh may increase circulating leptin and ghrelin but L/G ratio may actually decrease. Our results suggest that improving vitamin D may result in an improvement in insulin sensitivity which may finally regulate beneficially appetite hormones. Further studies with adequate power are needed to confirm the results.
Genetically predicted milk consumption and bone health, ischemic heart disease and type 2 diabetes: a Mendelian randomization study.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Milk provides protein and micronutrients, and is recommended by some dietary guidelines, particularly for bone health. Meta-analysis of small randomized controlled trials suggests that milk may increase bone mineral density, but they are very heterogeneous. No randomized controlled trial has assessed the effects of milk on major chronic diseases. Previous Mendelian randomization studies of milk did not consider bone health, found no effects on ischemic heart disease (IHD) or type 2 diabetes (T2D) but higher body mass index. Using larger genetic studies, we estimated the effects of milk on osteoporosis, IHD, T2D, adiposity, lipids and glycemic traits., SUBJECTS/METHODS: Instrumental variable analysis based on a genetic variant endowing lactase persistence (rs4988235 (MCM6)) was used to obtain estimates for osteoporosis (GEFOS), IHD (CARDIoGRAMplusC4D), T2D (DIAGRAM), adiposity (GIANT), lipids (GLGC) and glycaemic traits (MAGIC). Eye color was a negative control for IHD, as it mirrors the distribution of lactase persistence and IHD in Western Europe., RESULTS: Genetically predicted adult milk consumption was not clearly associated with bone mineral density, IHD (odds ratio (OR): 1.03 per s.d., 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.95-1.12) and or T2D (OR: 0.92, 95% CI: 0.83-1.02) but was associated with higher log-transformed fasting insulin (0.05, 95% CI: 0.02-0.07) and body mass index (0.06, 95% CI: 0.03-0.09). Genetically predicted eye color was not associated with IHD., CONCLUSIONS: The lack of association of genetically predicted milk consumption with bone health, IHD or T2D suggests few beneficial effects but is more consistent with milk promoting adiposity.
Placebo-controlled phase II study of vitamin K3 cream for the treatment of cetuximab-induced rash.; PURPOSE: Cetuximab inhibits the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), and papulopustular eruptions is a frequent side effect. Vitamin K3 (menadione) has preclinically shown to be a potential activator of the EGFR by phosphorylating the receptor (pEGFR). The present randomised study investigated the effect of a vitamin K3 cream on cetuximab-induced rash., MATERIALS AND METHODS: Thirty patients were included in this double-blinded placebo-controlled trial. Patients receiving cetuximab 500 mg/m2 every second week plus chemotherapy for metastatic cancer were included. In each patient, vitamin K3 cream and placebo were applied twice daily on two separate areas of the skin of minimum 10 x 10 cm for up to 2 months. Papulopustular eruptions were evaluated clinically and monitored by clinical photos. Skin biopsies, from ten patients taken before and after 1 month of treatment from each treatment area, were stained for EGFR and pEGFR., RESULTS: Application of vitamin K3 cream twice daily during treatment with cetuximab did not reduce the number of papulopustular eruptions, and this was independent of the use of systemic tetracycline. No significant changes in the staining of EGFR or pEGFR were observed in the skin of the vitamin K3-treated area compared to the placebo area., CONCLUSION: The present data do not support any clinical or immunohistochemical benefit of using vitamin K3 cream for cetuximab-induced rash.
Consumption of red and processed meat and refined grains for 4weeks decreases insulin sensitivity in insulin-resistant adults: A randomized crossover study.; BACKGROUND: Red and processed meat and refined grains are associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes. Interventions are limited. We hypothesized that a diet high in red and processed meat and refined grains (HMD) would decrease insulin sensitivity compared to a diet high in whole grains, nuts, dairy and legumes with no red meat (HWD)., METHODS: Forty-nine subjects without diabetes [15 men and 34 women, age, 35.6+/-15.7 years, body mass index (BMI), 27+/-5.9kg/m2] underwent two 4-week weight-stable dietary interventions in a randomized crossover design. The insulin sensitivity index (ISI) was calculated from the last 30min of a continuous low-dose insulin (25mU/kg.h) and glucose (4mg/kg.min) infusion test (LDIGIT 120-150min) at the end of each diet., RESULTS: The population fell into two very discrete groups: those with a very low insulin response in the LDIGIT 120-150min on HMD (Group 1<56pmol/L, n=24), and those with relatively normal insulin responses (Group 2>56pmol/L, n=25). Group 2 had significantly higher insulin concentrations [(median and interquartile range) 153, 180 for HMD vs. 123, 149pmol/L for HWD; P=0.019] and glucose concentrations [(mean+/-standard deviation) 7.4+/-1.3 for HMD vs.6.7+/-1.2mmol/L for HWD; P=0.05], resulting in a significantly decreased ISI [(median and interquartile range) 21.1, 34.2 for HMD vs. 31.6, 39.4 for HWD; P=0.014] compared to HWD. Log ISI after HMD was significantly correlated with BMI (r=-0.5; P=0.009), fat mass (r=-0.55; P=0.004) and self-reported activity levels (r=-0.45; P=0.024)., CONCLUSIONS: A dietary pattern high in red and processed meat and refined grains decreased insulin sensitivity compared to a dietary pattern high in whole grains, nuts, dairy products and legumes only in relatively insulin-resistant adults. Copyright © 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Comparison of the effects of diets high in animal or plant protein on metabolic and cardiovascular markers in type 2 diabetes: A randomized clinical trial.; AIM: To compare high animal protein (AP) with high plant protein (PP) diets, differing in amino acid composition, in people with type 2 diabetes (T2DM)., MATERIALS AND METHODS: We compared isocaloric diets containing 30% of energy either as AP or PP, using newly developed PP-enriched foods, both combined with 30% energy as fat and 40% as carbohydrates in 44 patients with T2DM over 6 weeks in a randomized parallel-group study. Insulin sensitivity was assessed by hyperinsulinaemic-euglycaemic clamps and cardiovascular variables were measured., RESULTS: Uric acid decreased in both groups, but significantly more in the AP than the PP group. There were no significant differences in other variables, although glycated haemoglobin levels, diastolic blood pressure and fasting non-esterified fatty acid levels improved significantly in the PP but not in the AP group. Insulin sensitivity (M-value), C-reactive protein and fasting glucose improved significantly in the AP but not in the PP group. Total and LDL cholesterol levels and systolic blood pressure decreased significantly in both groups, and the urinary albumin excretion rate decreased from baseline in participants with microalbuminuria., CONCLUSIONS: Isocaloric diets high in AP or PP allow similar improvements in metabolism and cardiovascular risk factors in people with T2DM, indicating that the differences in amino acid composition do not affect the metabolic responses to the interventions. Copyright © 2017 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Pre- and within-meal effects of fluid dairy products on appetite, food intake, glycemia, and regulatory hormones in children.; The effect of beverages commonly consumed by children in-between or with meals on short-term food intake (FI) and glycemic control has received little attention. Therefore, 2 experiments were conducted in 9- to 14-year-old children following a randomized repeated-measures design. Experiment 1 (n = 32) compared the effects of water (control) and isocaloric (130 kcal) amounts of 2% milk, chocolate milk, yogurt drink, and fruit punch on subjective appetite and FI. Experiment 2 (n = 20) compared the effects of isocaloric (130 kcal) amounts of 2% milk and fruit punch on subjective appetite, FI, and glycemic and appetite hormone responses. One serving of the beverages was given as a pre-meal drink at baseline (0 min) and a second serving 60 min later with an ad libitum pizza meal. Meal FI in experiment 1 was lower by 14% and 10%, respectively, after chocolate milk and yogurt drink (p < 0.001), but not milk, compared with water. Cumulative energy intake (beverages plus meal) was higher after caloric beverages than water. In experiment 2, no differences occurred in pre-meal but post-meal glucose was 83% higher in overweight/obese than normal-weight children (p = 0.02). Milk led to higher pre-meal glucagon-like peptide-1 and post-meal peptide tyrosine tyrosine (PYY) than fruit punch (p < 0.01) but insulin did not differ between treatments. In conclusion, dairy products consumed before and with a meal have more favourable effects on FI, appetite, and satiety hormones than a sugar-sweetened beverage, but all caloric beverages result in more cumulative calories than if water is the beverage.
Kidney Function Improvement by Soy Milk Containing Lactobacillus plantarum A7 in Type 2 Diabetic Patients With Nephropathy: a Double-Blinded Randomized Controlled Trial.; INTRODUCTION: Even with the ultimate medical management, more than one-third of diabetic patients develop diabetic nephropathy. To our knowledge, there is no study that has examined the effect of probiotic soy milk on kidney function in type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy. This clinical trial aimed to assess the effects of consumption of probiotic soy milk, compared with conventional soy milk, on kidney-related indexes in patients with diabetic nephropathy., MATERIALS AND METHODS: In a randomized double-blinded placebo-controlled trial, 44 patients were randomly assigned to receive 200 mL/d of either soy milk containing Lactobacillus plantarum A7 or conventional soy milk for 8 weeks. Primary endpoints included urinary albumin excretion, estimated glomerular filtration rate, interlukin-18, serum sialic acid, and serum creatinine. Fasting blood samples and morning fasting spot urine samples were collected at the beginning and after 8 weeks for evaluation of biochemical parameters., RESULTS: Forty patients completed the study. Administration of probiotic soymilk resulted in a significant reduction in albuminuria (P = .03), serum creatinine (P < .001), serum interleukin-18 (P = .002), and serum sialic acid (P = .001) compared with conventional soy milk. Probiotic soymilk supplementation also led to a significant improvement in estimated glomerular filtration rate (15.9 +/- 10.8 mL/min versus 3.2 +/- 8.4 mL/min, P < .001) compared with the control group., CONCLUSIONS: Probiotic soy milk was safe and well-tolerated by patients with diabetic nephropathy for 8 weeks. Probiotic soy milk also improved indexes of kidney function in type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy.
Randomized Controlled Trial on Effect of Intermittent Early Versus Late Kangaroo Mother Care on Human Milk Feeding in Low-Birth-Weight Neonates.; BACKGROUND: Breastfeeding at discharge among sick low-birth-weight (LBW) infants is low despite counseling and intervention like kangaroo mother care (KMC). Research aim: The aim was to study the effects of early initiation of KMC on exclusive human milk feeding, growth, mortality, and morbidities in LBW neonates compared with late initiation of KMC during the hospital stay and postdischarge., METHODS: A randomized controlled trial was conducted in level 2 and 3 areas of a tertiary care neonatal unit over 15 months. Inborn neonates weighing 1 to 1.8 kg and hemodynamically stable were randomized to receive either early KMC, initiated within the first 4 days of life, or late KMC (off respiratory support and intravenous fluids). Follow-up was until 1 month postdischarge. Outcomes were proportion of infants achieving exclusive human milk feeding and direct breastfeeding, growth, mortality and morbidities during hospital stay, and postdischarge feeding and KMC practices until 1 month., RESULTS: The early KMC group ( n = 80) achieved significantly higher exclusive human milk feeding (86% vs. 45%, p < .001) and direct breastfeeding (49% vs. 30%, p = .021) in hospital and almost exclusive human milk feeding (73% vs. 36%, p < .001) until 1 month postdischarge than the late KMC group ( n = 80). The incidence of apnea (11.9% vs. 20%, p = .027) and recurrent apnea requiring ventilation (8.8% vs. 15%, p = .02) were significantly reduced in the early KMC group. There was no significant difference in mortality, morbidities, and growth during the hospital stay and postdischarge., CONCLUSION: Early KMC significantly increased exclusive human milk feeding and direct breastfeeding in LBW infants.
Randomized controlled trial of the effect of phytosterols-enriched low-fat milk on lipid profile in Chinese.; Phytosterols found naturally in plants are known to reduce cholesterol absorption in the gut. The traditional southern Chinese diet typically contains many vegetables and not much meat, and there is high prevalence of lactose intolerance in Chinese; we therefore aimed to test if phytosterols-enriched milk is effective in lowering serum LDL-cholesterol in Chinese. Two hundred and twenty-one participants (41 men and 180 women; age 24-79) without cholesterol-lowering drugs or diabetes mellitus were randomized to daily intake of phytosterols-enriched low-fat milk which contained 1.5 g phytosterols per day (N = 110) or a conventional low-fat milk (N = 111) for three weeks. Fasting bloods were taken before and at the end of the study for the measurement of lipid and glucose profile. Physical examination was also performed. Comparing treatment with control, treatment group had significant decrease in serum LDL-cholesterol level (9.5 +/- 2.0%; p < 0.0001). Phytosterols intake also decreased total cholesterol (P < 0.0001) and diastolic blood pressure (P = 0.01). Consumption of a phytosterols-enriched low-fat milk led to a significant fall in LDL-cholesterol, total cholesterol, and diastolic blood pressure in Chinese. This can be recommended as part of a healthy diet for people. (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT02541201; Date of registration: 26 Aug 2015).
Effects of Infant Formula With Human Milk Oligosaccharides on Growth and Morbidity: A Randomized Multicenter Trial.; OBJECTIVES: The aim of the study was to evaluate the effects of infant formula supplemented with 2 human milk oligosaccharides (HMOs) on infant growth, tolerance, and morbidity., METHODS: Healthy infants, 0 to 14 days old, were randomized to an intact-protein, cow's milk-based infant formula (control, n = 87) or the same formula with 1.0 g/L 2'fucosyllactose (2'FL) and 0.5 g/L lacto-N-neotetraose (LNnT) (test, n = 88) from enrollment to 6 months; all infants received standard follow-up formula without HMOs from 6 to 12 months. Primary endpoint was weight gain through 4 months. Secondary endpoints included additional anthropometric measures, gastrointestinal tolerance, behavioral patterns, and morbidity through age 12 months., RESULTS: Weight gain was similar in both groups (mean difference [95% confidence interval] test vs control: -0.30 [-1.94, 1.34] g/day; lower bound of 95% confidence interval was above noninferiority margin [-3 g/day]). Digestive symptoms and behavioral patterns were similar between groups; exceptions included softer stool (P = 0.021) and fewer nighttime wake-ups (P = 0.036) in the test group at 2 months. Infants receiving test (vs control) had significantly fewer parental reports (P = 0.004-0.047) of bronchitis through 4 (2.3% vs 12.6%), 6 (6.8% vs 21.8%), and 12 months (10.2% vs 27.6%); lower respiratory tract infection (adverse event cluster) through 12 months (19.3% vs 34.5%); antipyretics use through 4 months (15.9% vs 29.9%); and antibiotics use through 6 (34.1% vs 49.4%) and 12 months (42.0% vs 60.9%)., CONCLUSIONS: Infant formula with 2'FL and LNnT is safe, well-tolerated, and supports age-appropriate growth. Secondary outcome findings showing associations between consuming HMO-supplemented formula and lower parent-reported morbidity (particularly bronchitis) and medication use (antipyretics and antibiotics) warrant confirmation in future studies.
Postprandial Glycemic and Insulinemic Responses to Common Breakfast Beverages Consumed with a Standard Meal in Adults Who Are Overweight and Obese.; Breakfast beverages with different nutrient compositions may affect postprandial glycemic control differently. We assessed the effects of consuming (1) common breakfast beverages (water, sugar-sweetened coffee, reduced-energy orange juice (OJ), and low-fat milk (LFM)); and (2) fat-free, low-fat, and whole milk with breakfast on postprandial plasma glucose and insulin responses in adults who were overweight/obese. Forty-six subjects (33F/13M, body mass index: 32.5 +/- 0.7 kg/m2, age: 50 +/- 1 years, mean +/- SEMs) consumed a standard sandwich with one of the six beverages on separate mornings in randomized order. The test beverages (except water) each contained 12 g digestible carbohydrate. Plasma glucose and insulin concentrations were measured from blood obtained pre- and post-meal at 30-min intervals for 4 h and incremental areas under the curve (AUC) were computed. We found (1) among different beverage types, glucose AUC was higher for coffee versus water, OJ, and LFM. Insulin AUC was higher for coffee and LFM versus OJ and water; (2) Glucose AUCs were not different among water and milks while insulin AUC was higher for milks versus water. In conclusion, consumption of water, reduced-energy OJ, or milk (irrespective of fat content) with a meal may be preferable to consuming sugar-sweetened coffee for glucose control in middle-aged adults who are overweight and obese.
Whey Protein Supplementation and Higher Total Protein Intake Do Not Influence Bone Quantity in Overweight and Obese Adults Following a 36-Week Exercise and Diet Intervention.; BACKGROUND: Controversy exists concerning the effects of higher total protein intake (TPro) on bone health, which may be associated with reduced bone mineral density (BMD). However, whey protein (WP) may induce bone formation because of its basic component, milk basic protein., OBJECTIVE: This study assessed the effects of WP supplementation, TPro, and change in TPro (postsupplementation - presupplementation) on BMD and bone mineral content (BMC; total body, lumbar spine, total femur, and femoral neck) in overweight and class I obese middle-aged adults following an exercise intervention., METHODS: This analysis used data from a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled 36-wk WP supplementation trial, wherein participants consumed a 1.7-MJ (400-kcal) supplement (0, 20, 40, or 60 g WP/d) along with their otherwise unrestricted diet while participating in a resistance and aerobic exercise intervention (3 d/wk). TPro was the summation of WP and habitual dietary intakes (4-d food record). Statistical analyses for WP were based on group and bone data [n = 186, 108 women; mean +/- SD age: 49 +/- 8 y; body mass index (BMI; in kg/m2): 30.1 +/- 2.8], whereas TPro was based on dietary and bone data (n = 113, 70 women; age 50 +/- 8 y; BMI 30.1 +/- 2.9)., RESULTS: WP supplementation, regardless of dose, did not influence BMD or BMC following the intervention. By using a multiple linear regression model, TPro (expressed as g/d or g . kg-1 . d-1) and change in TPro (expressed as g/d) were not associated with responses over time in total or regional BMD or BMC. By using a cluster analysis approach [<1.0 (n = 41), 1.0-1.2 (n = 28), and >=1.2 g . kg-1 . d-1 (n = 44)], TPro was also not associated with responses in total or regional BMD or BMC over time., CONCLUSION: WP supplementation and total dietary protein intake did not negatively or beneficially influence bone quantity in overweight and obese adults during a 9-mo exercise intervention. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00812409. Copyright © 2017 American Society for Nutrition.
Starter formula enriched in prebiotics and probiotics ensures normal growth of infants and promotes gut health: a randomized clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: Prebiotics and probiotics exert beneficial effects by modulating gut microbiota and immune system. This study evaluates efficacy and safety of an infant formula containing bovine milk-derived oligosaccharides and Bifidobacterium animalis ssp lactis (B. lactis) (CNCM I-3446) on incidence of diarrhea and febrile infections during the first year of life (primary outcome)., METHODS: Full-term infants receiving Test or Control (without bovine milk-derived oligosaccharide and B. lactis) formulae were enrolled in a multicenter, randomized, controlled, and double-blind trial with a reference breastfeeding group. ., RESULTS: 413 infants were assigned between Test (n = 206) and Control (n = 207) formula. There was no significant difference for diarrhea and febrile infections incidence between groups at 6 (odds ratio (95% confidence interval) = 0.56 (0.26-1.15), P = 0.096) and 12 mo (odds ratio = 0.66 (0.38-1.14), P = 0.119). Test formula was well tolerated, anthropometrics parameters were not significantly different between groups and aligned with WHO growth standards up to 12 mo. Data from test group showed that gut microbiota pattern, fecal IgA and stool pH were brought to be closer to those of breastfed infants., CONCLUSION: An infant formula enriched with bovine milk-derived oligosaccharide and B. lactis supports normal infant growth, is well tolerated and improves intestinal health markers. No differences in diarrhea and febrile infection incidence were found in the population studied.
Prophylactic treatment with a potent corticosteroid cream ameliorates radiodermatitis, independent of radiation schedule: A randomized double blinded study.; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: The study will test the hypothesis that preventive topical steroid treatment instituted from start of radiotherapy can ameliorate acute radiation dermatitis. Subgroups of increased risk of dermatitis are included., MATERIAL AND METHODS: A double blinded randomized trial in patients with breast cancer receiving adjuvant radiotherapy (RT) after surgery. In total, 202 patients were randomized to betamethasone-17-valerate cream or Essex R cream, a moisturizer. Treatment was assessed by RTOG clinical scoring. Patients' symptoms were recorded. The analyses were stratified for RT schedules as well as for anatomical sites, skin type, breast size and BMI. Patients treated the irradiated area during the radiation period and two weeks following cessation of radiation., RESULTS: Patients receiving hypofraction RT developed less skin reactions than those treated with conventional RT. Treatment with a potent steroid resulted in clinically and statistically significantly less skin reactions (p<0.001) regardless of RT schedule. The effect of the steroid was prominent in all subgroups., CONCLUSION: Prophylactic treatment with a strong local steroid is efficient for the prevention and control of acute radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients treated with adjuvant RT, independent of RT schedule. Preventive application of a potent corticosteroid cream should be used in the routine and instituted at the start of RT. Copyright © 2016 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Short-term effects of trans fatty acids from ruminant and industrial sources on surrogate markers of cardiovascular risk in healthy men and women: A randomized, controlled, double-blind trial.; Objective The aim of this study was to determine short-term effects of trans fatty acid (TFA) intake from ruminant and industrial sources on surrogate markers of cardiovascular risk in the context of a balanced diet with 30-36% of daily energy from fat. Design Prospective, randomized, double-blind, parallel-design study. Methods In this study, 142 healthy volunteers aged 45 to 69 years were randomly allocated to three different diets: either a diet enriched with 2% of daily energy intake from ruminant TFA (rTFA) or with industrial TFA (iTFA), or a diet without TFA (wTFA), for a duration of four weeks. The primary outcome parameter was endothelial function measured by brachial artery flow mediated dilation (FMD). Secondary outcome parameters included biomarkers for inflammation, coagulation and endothelial function and lipid profiles. One hundred and twenty-nine participants completed the study. Results Neither alpine butter with TFA from ruminant source nor margarine with industrially produced TFA showed significant effects on brachial artery FMD (FMD% differences: rTFA vs. iTFA 0.04 (95% confidence interval 0.91 to 0.98), rTFA vs. wTFA -0.98 (-2.00 to 0.04) and iTFA vs. wTFA -1.04 (-2.38 to 0.30). With rTFA, there was a small but significant increase of total cholesterol: rTFA over wTFA 1.04 (1.00 to 1.07 mmol/l) and LDL-cholesterol: rTFA over wTFA 1.08 (1.03 to 1.14 mmol/l) without concomitant increase of biomarkers for inflammation or coagulation. Conclusions Short-term intake of TFA at 2% of total daily energy intake from neither ruminant nor industrially produced sources does not have any negative impact on brachial artery FMD, inflammation and coagulation markers in healthy subjects.
Effect of Increased Enteral Protein Intake on Growth in Human Milk-Fed Preterm Infants: A Randomized Clinical Trial.; Importance: Protein, supplied in currently available commercial fortifiers, may be inadequate to meet the requirements of very preterm infants; in addition, intraindividual and interindividual variability of human milk protein and energy content potentially contribute to unsatisfactory early postnatal growth., Objective: To determine effects on growth of different levels of enteral protein supplementation in predominantly human milk-fed preterm infants., Design, Setting, and Participants: This randomized clinical and partially blinded single-center trial was conducted in a neonatal tertiary referral center in Germany. Sixty preterm infants (gestation <32 weeks and weight <1500 g at birth) were recruited from October 2012 to October 2014 and included 35% of 173 eligible infants. Median (interquartile range [IQR]) gestational age at birth was 29.9 (28.7-31.2) weeks. All analyses were conducted in an intention-to-treat population., Interventions: Infants were randomly assigned to either a lower-protein (adding 1 g of bovine protein/100 mL of breast milk through a commercial human milk fortifier; n = 30) or a higher-protein group at a median (IQR) postnatal age of 7 (6-8) days. The higher-protein group (n = 30) received either standardized higher-protein supplementation (study fortifier adding 1.8 g of bovine protein/100 mL of breast milk [n = 15]) or individualized high-protein supplementation based on protein and fat content of administered breast milk (n = 15). Study interventions were continued for a median (IQR) of 41 (30-57) days and until definite discharge planning., Main Outcomes and Measures: Primary outcome was weight gain (g/kg/d) from birth to the end of intervention., Results: Sixty preterm infants (gestation <32 weeks and weight <1500 g at birth), 33 girls, were recruited from October 2012 to October 2014 and included 35% of 173 eligible infants. Median (IQR) gestational age at birth was 29.9 (28.7-31.2) weeks. Demographic characteristics and hospital courses were similar in both groups, and birth weights ranged from 580 to 1495 g in the lower-protein group and 490 to 1470 g in the higher-protein group. Weight gain was similar in the lower- and higher-protein groups: mean (95% CI), 16.3 g/kg/d (15.4-17.1 g/kg/d) in the lower-protein group vs 16.0 g/kg/d (15.1-16.9 g/kg/d) in the higher-protein group) (P = .70), despite an increase in actual protein intake by 0.6 g/kg/d (0.4-0.7 g/kg/d) (P < .001). Head circumference and lower leg longitudinal growth were also similar, as was the proportion of cumulative total enteral feeding volume provided as breast milk: median (IQR) proportion of breast milk, 92% (79%-98%) in the lower-protein group vs 94% (62%-99%) in the higher-protein group (P = .89)., Conclusions and Relevance: An increase in protein intake by 0.6 g/kg/d to a mean intake of 4.3 g/kg/d did not further enhance growth of very preterm infants with a median birth weight of 1200 g, who achieved near-fetal growth rates. This might point to a ceiling effect for enteral protein intake with respect to its influence on growth., Trial Registration: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT01773902.
Whey Protein Supplementation Enhances Body Fat and Weight Loss in Women Long After Bariatric Surgery: a Randomized Controlled Trial.; BACKGROUND: The ideal nutritional approach for weight regain after bariatric surgery remains unclear., OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study is to assess the effect of whey protein supplementation on weight loss and body composition of women who regained weight 24 or more months after bariatric surgery., METHODS: This is a 16-week open-label, parallel-group, randomized controlled trial of women who regained at least 5 % of their lowest postoperative weight after a Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB). A total of 34 participants were treated with hypocaloric diet and randomized (1:1) to receive or not supplementation with whey protein, 0.5 g/kg of the ideal body weight. The primary outcomes were changes in body weight, fat free mass (FFM), and fat mass (FM), evaluated by tetrapolar bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA). Secondary outcomes included resting energy expenditure, blood glucose, lipids, adiponectin, interleukin 6 (IL-6), and cholecystokinin levels. Statistical analyses included generalized estimating equations adjusted for age and physical activity., RESULTS: Fifteen patients in each group were evaluated: mean age was 45 +/- 11 years, body mass index (BMI) was 35.7 +/- 5.2 kg/m2, and time since surgery was 69 +/- 23 months. Protein intake during follow-up increased by approximately 75 % in the intervention group (p = 0.01). The intervention group presented more body weight loss (1.86 kg, p = 0.017), accounted for FM loss (2.78, p = 0.021) and no change in FFM, as compared to controls (gain of 0.42 kg of body weight and 0.6 kg of FM). No differences in secondary outcomes were observed between groups., CONCLUSIONS: Whey protein supplementation promoted body weight and FM loss in women with long-term weight regain following RYGB.
Low dairy calcium intake is associated with overweight and elevated blood pressure in Polish adults, notably in premenopausal women.; OBJECTIVE: Dietary Ca is now being recognized to play an important role not only in skeletal integrity, but also in the regulation of energy and metabolism. The aim of the present study was to estimate the relationship of dairy Ca intake with BMI and blood pressure (BP) in a sample derived from the Polish population., DESIGN: Ca intake was calculated from an interviewer-administered semi-quantitative FFQ. BMI was calculated from measured weight and height, and BP was measured by a physician., SETTING: Cross-sectional epidemiological study on osteoporosis risk factors in Poland., SUBJECTS: Randomly selected healthy adult persons (n 1259; 750 women and 509 men)., RESULTS: Dairy Ca intake was significantly lower in individuals with overweight/obesity (BMI>=25.00 kg/m2) and/or with elevated BP (systolic/diastolic >=140/>=90 mmHg) than in those with normal body mass and BP, respectively. Ca intake was negatively correlated with BMI (r=-0.12, P<0.001), systolic BP (r=-0.11, P<0.001) and diastolic BP (r=-0.08, P<0.01). Daily dairy Ca intake below 1000 mg was a predictor for BMI>=25.0 kg/m2 (OR=1.44, P<0.005). This relationship was stronger in women, particularly premenopausal women., CONCLUSIONS: The obtained results indicate the role of low dairy Ca intake in the development of obesity and hypertension, notably in premenopausal women.
Vaginal Testosterone Cream vs Estradiol Vaginal Ring for Vaginal Dryness or Decreased Libido in Women Receiving Aromatase Inhibitors for Early-Stage Breast Cancer: A Randomized Clinical Trial.; IMPORTANCE: Aromatase inhibitors (AI) are associated with significant urogenital atrophy, affecting quality of life and drug compliance., OBJECTIVE: To evaluate safety of intravaginal testosterone cream (IVT) or an estradiol-releasing vaginal ring (7.5 mug/d) in patients with early-stage breast cancer (BC) receiving an AI. Intervention was considered unsafe if more than 25% of patients had persistent elevation in estradiol (E2), defined as E2 greater than 10 pg/mL (to convert to pmol/L, multiply by 3.671) and at least 10 pg/mL above baseline after treatment initiation on 2 consecutive tests at least 2 weeks apart., DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Postmenopausal (PM) women with hormone receptor (HR)-positive stage I to III BC taking AIs with self-reported vaginal dryness, dyspareunia, or decreased libido were randomized to 12 weeks of IVT or an estradiol vaginal ring. Estradiol was measured at baseline and weeks 4 and 12 using a commercially available liquid chromatography and tandem mass spectrometry assay; follicle-stimulating hormone levels were measured at baseline and week 4. Gynecologic examinations and sexual quality-of-life questionnaires were completed at baseline and week 12. This randomized noncomparative design allowed safety evaluation of 2 interventions concurrently in the same population of patients, reducing the possibility of E2 assay variability over time and between the 2 interventions., MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The primary objective of this trial was to evaluate safety of IVT or an estradiol vaginal ring in patients with early-stage BC receiving an AI; secondary objectives included evaluation of adverse events, changes in sexual quality of life using the Cancer Rehabilitation Evaluation System sexuality subscales, changes in vaginal atrophy using a validated 4-point scale, and comparison of E2 levels., RESULTS: Overall, 76 women signed consent (mean [range] age, 56 [37-78] years), 75 started treatment, and 69 completed 12 weeks of treatment. Mean (range) baseline E2 was 20 (<2 to 127) pg/mL. At baseline, E2 was above the postmenopausal range (>10 pg/mL) in 28 of 76 women (37%). Persistent E2 elevation was observed in none with a vaginal ring and in 4 of 34 women (12%) with IVT. Transient E2 elevation was seen in 4 of 35 (11%) with a vaginal ring and in 4 of 34 (12%) with IVT. Vaginal atrophy and sexual interest and dysfunction improved for all patients., CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In PM women with early-stage BC receiving AIs, treatment with a vaginal ring or IVT over 12 weeks met the primary safety end point. Baseline elevation in E2 was common and complicates this assessment. Vaginal atrophy, sexual interest, and sexual dysfunction were improved. Further study is required to understand E2 variability in this setting., TRIAL REGISTRATION: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00698035.
The effects of proteins and medium-chain fatty acids from milk on body composition, insulin sensitivity and blood pressure in abdominally obese adults.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: To investigate whether intake of whey protein and butter naturally enriched in medium-chain fatty acids (MC-SFAs) (C6-C12) affected body composition, insulin sensitivity, blood pressure (BP) and plasma cholesterol concentrations., SUBJECTS/METHODS: A 12-week randomised, double-blinded, intervention study was completed in 52 abdominally obese adults. Subjects were assigned to one of four dietary supplementations: 63 g per day of milk fat with either high- (8.5 g per day) or low-MC-SFA (6.9 g per day) content combined with 60 g per day of whey or casein. We examined changes in the body composition by dual-energy X-ray absorption scan, insulin sensitivity using homoeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and Matsuda index, and diurnal BP and plasma cholesterol concentrations. Two-factor analysis of variance was used to examine the impact of MC-SFA content and protein type., RESULTS: We observed that lean body mass increased by 981 g (95% confidence interval (CI): 248-1713; P=0.010) after high-MC-SFA compared with low-MC-SFA supplementation. Concomitantly, total body-fat percentage increased by 0.70 percentage points (95% CI: 0.10-1.31; P=0.024) after intake of low-MC-SFA butter compared with intake of high-MC-SFA butter. Both changes were independent of protein type (P=0.96 and P=0.99, respectively). We found no difference in HOMA-IR, Matsuda index, diurnal BP or plasma cholesterol concentrations related to MC-SFA content or protein type., CONCLUSIONS: Enhanced intake of MC-SFA increased the lean body mass and caused a significantly lower total body-fat percentage compared with lower intake of MC-SFA. Consequently, the composition of dairy fat should be considered when evaluating the impact of dairy products on body composition.
Effect of Differential Enteral Protein on Growth and Neurodevelopment in Infants <1500 g: A Randomized Controlled Trial.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study was to determine whether higher enteral protein intake leads to improved head growth at 40 weeks postmenstrual age (PMA) in preterm infants <32 weeks or 1500 g., METHODS: Randomized controlled trial in which 120 infants were assigned to either group A with higher enteral protein intake achieved by fortification with higher protein containing fortifier (1 g/100 mL expressed breast milk) or to group B with lower enteral protein intake where fortification was done with standard available protein fortifier (0.4 g /100 mL expressed breast milk)., RESULTS: The mean (standard deviation) protein intake was higher in group A as compared to group B; 4.2 (0.47) compared with 3.6 (0.37) g . kg . day, P < 0.001. At 40 weeks PMA, the mean (standard deviation) weekly occipitofrontal circumference gain was significantly higher in group A as compared to group B; 0.66 (0.16) compared with 0.60 (0.15) cm/week (mean difference 0.064, 95% confidence interval [0.004-0.123], [P = 0.04]). Weight growth velocity in group A was 11.95 (2.2) g . kg . day as compared to 10.78 (2.6) g . kg . day in group B (mean difference 1.10, 95% confidence interval [0.25-2.07], [P = 0.01]). No difference was observed in the length between the 2 groups. There was no difference in growth indices and neurodevelopmental outcomes at 12 to 18 months corrected age in the 2 groups., CONCLUSIONS: Fortification of expressed human milk with fortifier containing higher protein results in better head growth and weight gain at 40 weeks PMA in preterm infants <32 weeks or 1500 g without any benefits on long-term growth and neurodevelopment at 12 to 18 months corrected age (CTRI/2014/06/004661).
Isocaloric Diets High in Animal or Plant Protein Reduce Liver Fat and Inflammation in Individuals With Type 2 Diabetes.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with increased risk of hepatic, cardiovascular, and metabolic diseases. High-protein diets, rich in methionine and branched chain amino acids (BCAAs), apparently reduce liver fat, but can induce insulin resistance. We investigated the effects of diets high in animal protein (AP) vs plant protein (PP), which differ in levels of methionine and BCAAs, in patients with type 2 diabetes and NAFLD. We examined levels of liver fat, lipogenic indices, markers of inflammation, serum levels of fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21), and activation of signaling pathways in adipose tissue., METHODS: We performed a prospective study of individuals with type 2 diabetes and NAFLD at a tertiary medical center in Germany from June 2013 through March 2015. We analyzed data from 37 subjects placed on a diet high in AP (rich in meat and dairy foods; n = 18) or PP (mainly legume protein; n = 19) without calorie restriction for 6 weeks. The diets were isocaloric with the same macronutrient composition (30% protein, 40% carbohydrates, and 30% fat). Participants were examined at the start of the study and after the 6-week diet period for body mass index, body composition, hip circumference, resting energy expenditure, and respiratory quotient. Body fat and intrahepatic fat were detected by magnetic resonance imaging and spectroscopy, respectively. Levels of glucose, insulin, liver enzymes, and inflammation markers, as well as individual free fatty acids and free amino acids, were measured in collected blood samples. Hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamps were performed to determine whole-body insulin sensitivity. Subcutaneous adipose tissue samples were collected and analyzed for gene expression patterns and phosphorylation of signaling proteins., RESULTS: Postprandial levels of BCAAs and methionine were significantly higher in subjects on the AP vs the PP diet. The AP and PP diets each reduced liver fat by 36%-48% within 6 weeks (for AP diet P = .0002; for PP diet P = .001). These reductions were unrelated to change in body weight, but correlated with down-regulation of lipolysis and lipogenic indices. Serum level of FGF21 decreased by 50% in each group (for AP diet P < .0002; for PP diet P < .0002); decrease in FGF21 correlated with loss of hepatic fat. In gene expression analyses of adipose tissue, expression of the FGF21 receptor cofactor beta-klotho was associated with reduced expression of genes encoding lipolytic and lipogenic proteins. In patients on each diet, levels of hepatic enzymes and markers of inflammation decreased, insulin sensitivity increased, and serum level of keratin 18 decreased., CONCLUSIONS: In a prospective study of patients with type 2 diabetes, we found diets high in protein (either animal or plant) significantly reduced liver fat independently of body weight, and reduced markers of insulin resistance and hepatic necroinflammation. The diets appear to mediate these changes via lipolytic and lipogenic pathways in adipose tissue. Negative effects of BCAA or methionine were not detectable. FGF21 level appears to be a marker of metabolic improvement. ClinicalTrials.gov ID NCT02402985. Copyright © 2017 AGA Institute. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Influence of short-term inertial training on swimming performance in young swimmers.; The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of dry-land inertial training (IT) on muscle force, muscle power, and swimming performance. Fourteen young, national-level, competitive swimmers were randomly divided into IT and control (C) groups. The experiment lasted four weeks, during which time both groups underwent their regular swimming training. In addition, the IT group underwent IT using the Inertial Training Measurement System (ITMS) three times per week. The muscle groups involved during the upsweep phase of the arm stroke in front crawl and butterfly stroke were trained. Before and after training, muscle force and power were measured under IT conditions. Simultaneously with the biomechanical measurements on the ITMS, the electrical activity of the triceps brachii was registered. After four weeks of training, a 12.8% increase in the muscle force and 14.2% increase in the muscle power (p < .05) were noted in the IT group. Moreover, electromyography amplitude of triceps brachii recorded during strength measurements increased by 22.7% in the IT group. Moreover, swimming velocity in the 100 m butterfly and 50 m freestyle improved significantly following the four weeks of dry-land IT (-1.86% and -0.76%, respectively). Changes in the C group were trivial. Moreover, values of force and power registered during the ITMS test correlated negatively with the 100 m butterfly and 50 m freestyle swimming times (r value ranged from -.80 to -.91). These results suggest that IT can be useful in swimming practice.
Effect of Probiotic Soy Milk on Serum Levels of Adiponectin, Inflammatory Mediators, Lipid Profile, and Fasting Blood Glucose Among Patients with Type II Diabetes Mellitus.; Probiotic therapies are going to be an effective alternative therapeutic strategy in the treatment and management of diabetes. The mechanism behind the essential effects of probiotic therapies in diabetic patients was not fully understood. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of probiotic soy milk containing Lactobacillus planetarum A7 on inflammation, lipid profile, fasting blood glucose, and serum adiponectin among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Forty patients with type 2 diabetes, at the age of 35-68 years old, were assigned to two groups in this randomized, double-blind, controlled clinical trial. The patients in the intervention group consumed 200 ml/day of probiotic soy milk containing L. planetarum A7 and those in control group consumed 200 ml/day of pure soy milk for 8 weeks. Serum TNF-alpha, C reactive protein, adiponectin, lipid profile, and fasting blood glucose were determined before and after intervention. In intervention group, serum adiponectin in pre- and post-treatment did not show any significant changes (2.52 +/- 0.74 vs 2.84 +/- 0.61, P = 0.658), as well as changes in serum TNF-alpha and C reactive protein (172.44 +/- 5.7 vs 172.83 +/- 7.6, P = 0.278, 4.2 +/- 1.4 vs 4.5 +/- 1.9, P = 0.765, respectively). Low-density cholesterol and high-density cholesterol changed significantly (P = 0.023, P = 0.017, respectively), but fasting blood glucose did not show any significant changes. The results of this study showed that consumption of probiotic soy milk and soy milk has no effect on serum adiponectin and inflammation, but it can change lipid profile among type 2 diabetic patients.
Effects of Hydrolyzed Whey versus Other Whey Protein Supplements on the Physiological Response to 8 Weeks of Resistance Exercise in College-Aged Males.; OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to compare the chronic effects of different whey protein forms on body composition and performance when supplemented with resistance training., METHODS: Resistance-trained men (N = 56, 21.4 +/- 0.4 years, 79.5 +/- 1.0 kg) participated in an 8-week resistance training regimen (2 upper-body sessions and 2 lower-body sessions per week) and received one of 4 double-blinded treatments: 30 g/serving carbohydrate placebo (PLA) or 30 g/serving protein from either (a) 80% whey protein concentrate (WPC), (b) high-lactoferrin-containing WPC (WPC-L), or (c) extensively hydrolyzed WPC (WPH). All subjects consumed 2 servings of treatment per day; specifically, once immediately before and after training and between meals on nontraining days. Blood collection, one repetition maximum (1RM) testing for bench press and hack squat, and body composition assessment using dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry (DXA) occurred prior to training and 48 hours following the last training session., RESULTS: Total body skeletal muscle mass increased in all groups (p < 0.0125). There were similar between-group increases in upper-body (4%-7%, analysis of covariance [ANCOVA] interaction p = 0.73) and lower-body (24%-35%, ANCOVA interaction p = 0.85) 1RM strength following the intervention. Remarkably, WPH reduced fat mass (-6%), which was significantly different from PLA (+4.4%, p < 0.0125). No time or between-group differences were present for serum markers of health, metabolism, or muscle damage, with the exception of blood urea nitrogen being significantly lower for WPH than WPC (p < 0.05) following the intervention., CONCLUSIONS: WPH may augment fat loss but did not provide any other advantages when used in combination with resistance training. More mechanistic research is needed to examine how WPH affects adipose tissue physiology.
Associations between Dietary Patterns and Blood Pressure in a Clinical Sample of Overweight Adults.; BACKGROUND: Dietary pattern analysis provides important evidence revealing diet-disease relationships. It may be especially useful in areas less well researched, such as diet and hypertension in clinical populations., OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to identify the association between dietary patterns and blood pressure (BP) in a sample of overweight adults volunteering for a clinical trial for weight loss., DESIGN: This cross-sectional analysis used baseline data from the HealthTrack study, a 12-month randomized controlled trial. Dietary intake was evaluated with 4-day food records., PARTICIPANTS/SETTING: Participants were 328 adults recruited from the Illawarra region of New South Wales, Australia, between May 2014 and April 2015., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Resting BP and 24-hour urine sodium and potassium were measured., STATISTICAL ANALYSIS: Dietary patterns were derived by principal component analysis from 21 food groups. Multiple regression analysis was performed to assess the association between the extracted dietary patterns and BP., RESULTS: The participants' mean age was 43.6+/-8.0 years, mean body mass index was 32.4+/-4.2, and mean systolic BP/diastolic BP was 124.9+/-14.5/73.3+/-9.9 mm Hg. Six major dietary patterns were identified: "nuts, seeds, fruit, and fish," "milk and meat," "breads, cereals, and snacks," "cereal-based products, fats, and oils," "alcohol, eggs, and legumes," and "savoury sauces, condiments, and meat." The "nuts, seeds, fruit, and fish" dietary pattern was significantly and inversely associated with systolic BP (F [7,320]=15.248; P<0.0005; adjusted R2=0.234 and diastolic BP (F [7,320]=17.351; P<0.0005; adjusted R2=0.259) and sodium-to-potassium ratio (F [7,320]=6.210; P<0.0005; adjusted R2=0.100)., CONCLUSIONS: A dietary pattern rich in nuts, seeds, fruit, and fish was inversely associated with blood pressure in this clinical sample. The findings suggest that current dietary guidelines are relevant to an overweight clinical population and support the value of dietary pattern analysis when exploring the diet-disease relationship. Copyright © 2017 Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Natural antioxidant ice cream acutely reduces oxidative stress and improves vascular function and physical performance in healthy individuals.; OBJECTIVE: The formation of reactive oxygen species (ROS) contributes to the pathogenesis and progression of several diseases. Polyphenols have been shown to be beneficial against ROS. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of a natural antioxidant ice cream on oxidative stress, vascular function, and physical performance., METHODS: In this controlled, single-blind, crossover study, 14 healthy individuals were randomized to consume 100 g of either antioxidant ice cream containing dark cocoa powder and hazelnut and green tea extracts or milk chocolate ice cream (control ice cream). Participants were studied at baseline and 2 h after ingesting ice cream. Serum polyphenols, antioxidant status (ferric-reducing ability of plasma [FRAP]), nitric oxide (NOx) bioavailability, markers of oxidative stress (determination of reactive oxygen metabolites [d-ROMs] and hydrogen peroxide [H2O2]), endothelium function (flow-mediated dilation [FMD] and reactive hyperemia index [RHI]), and exercise tolerance (stress test) were assessed, and the double product was measured., RESULTS: Serum polyphenols (P < 0.001), NOx (P < 0.001), FRAP (P < 0.005), FMD (P < 0.001), and RHI (P < 0.05) increased significantly, oxidative stress decreased (d-Roms, P < 0.001; H2O2, P < 0.001), and the double product (P < 0.001) was improved only after antioxidant ice cream ingestion. No changes were found after control ice cream ingestion., CONCLUSIONS: To our knowledge, this is the first study to demonstrate that a natural ice cream rich in polyphenols acutely improved vascular function and physical performance in healthy individuals through a reduction in oxidative stress. Copyright A© 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The impact of the speed of food intake on gastroesophageal reflux events in obese female patients.; Obesity increases the risk of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD). The majority of the reflux attacks occur postprandially. The influence of the speed of food intake on gastroesophageal reflux events is unclear in obese patients. To determine the influence of the speed of food intake on intraesophageal reflux events in obese patients with and without GERD. A total of 26 obese female patients were recruited. The patients underwent esophageal manometry to evaluate the upper limit of the lower esophageal sphincter and subsequently placement of a Multichannel intraluminal impedance-pH (MII-pH) catheter. All patients were asked to eat the same standard meal (double cheeseburger, 1 banana, 100 g yogurt and 200 mL water; total energy value, 744 kcal; 37.6% carbohydrates, 21.2% proteins and 41.2% lipids) within 5 or 30 minutes under observation in a random order on two consecutive days. All reflux episodes over a 3-hour postprandial period were manually analyzed and compared. The mean age was 46 +/- 12 (18-66) years. The mean body mass index (BMI) was 39.9 +/- 8.4 kg/m2. There was no difference between the fast- and slow-eating group in the number of refluxes within the 3-postprandial hours. The patients were divided into 2 groups according to the 24-hour MII-pH monitoring results, that is, 16 subjects with normal MII-pH monitoring and 10 patients with pathologic MII-pH monitoring. There was no effect of the speed of food intake in either the patients with or without GERD. In contrast to the general belief, this study suggested that the speed of food intake does not influence the number of refluxes in obese female patients with or without GERD. Copyright © 2016 International Society for Diseases of the Esophagus.
Plant sterol ester diet supplementation increases serum plant sterols and markers of cholesterol synthesis, but has no effect on total cholesterol levels.; This double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, cross-over intervention-study was conducted in healthy volunteers to evaluate the effects of plant sterol ester supplemented margarine on cholesterol, non-cholesterol sterols and oxidative stress in serum and monocytes. Sixteen volunteers, average age 34 years, with no or mild hypercholesterolemia were subjected to a 4 week period of daily intake of 3g plant sterols per day supplied via a supplemented margarine on top of regular eating habits. After a wash-out period of one week, volunteers switched groups. Compared to placebo, a diet supplementation with plant sterols increased serum levels of plant sterols such as campesterol (+0.16+/-0.19mg/dL, p=0.005) and sitosterol (+0.27+/-0.18mg/dL, p<0.001) and increased markers of cholesterol synthesis such as desmosterol (+0.05+/-0.07mg/dL, p=0.006) as well as lathosterol (+0.11+/-0.16mg/dL, p=0.012). Cholesterol serum levels, however, were not changed significantly (+18.68+/-32.6mg/dL, p=0.052). These findings could not be verified in isolated circulating monocytes. Moreover, there was no effect on monocyte activation and no differences with regard to redox state after plant sterol supplemented diet. Therefore, in a population of healthy volunteers with no or mild hypercholesterolemia, consumption of plant sterol ester supplemented margarine results in increased concentrations of plant sterols and cholesterol synthesis markers without affecting total cholesterol in the serum, activation of circulating monocytes or redox state. Copyright © 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Amino Acid-based Formula in Cow's Milk Allergy: Long-term Effects on Body Growth and Protein Metabolism.; OBJECTIVES: The long-term effects of amino acid-based formula (AAF) in the treatment of cow's milk allergy (CMA) are largely unexplored. The present study comparatively evaluates body growth and protein metabolism in CMA children treated with AAF or with extensively hydrolyzed whey formula (eHWF), and healthy controls., METHODS: A 12-month multicenter randomized control trial was conducted in outpatients with CMA (age 5-12 m) randomized in 2 groups, treated with AAF (group 1) and eHWF (group 2), and compared with healthy controls (group 3) fed with follow-on (if age <12 months) or growing-up formula (if age >12 months). At enrolment (T0), after 3 (T3), 6 (T6), and 12 months (T12) a clinical evaluation was performed. At T0 and T3, in subjects with CMA serum levels of albumin, urea, total protein, retinol-binding protein, and insulin-like growth factor 1 were measured., RESULTS: Twenty-one subjects in group 1 (61.9% boys, age 6.5 +/- 1.5 months), 19 in group 2 (57.9% boys, age 7 +/- 1.7 months) and 25 subjects in group 3 (48% boys, age 5.5 +/- 0.5 months) completed the study. At T0, the weight z score was similar in group 1 (-0.74) and 2 (-0.76), with differences compared to group 3 (-0.17, P < 0.05). At T12, the weight z score value was similar between the 3 groups without significant differences. There were no significant changes in protein metabolism in children in groups 1 and 2., CONCLUSION: Long-term treatment with AAF is safe and allows adequate body growth in children with CMA.
The Application of a Moldable Skin Barrier in the Self-Care of Elderly Ostomy Patients.; The quality of ostomy directly affects the stoma patient's quality of life. This study investigated the application of a moldable skin barrier in the self-care of elderly stoma patients after colostomy for colorectal cancer. A total of 104 elderly stoma patients (65-79 years) who underwent colostomy because of colorectal cancer were randomly divided into an experimental group (56 cases) receiving a moldable skin barrier and a control group (48 cases) receiving a conventional skin barrier. The information on peristomal irritant dermatitis occurrence, the satisfaction of self-care, and related care costs were collected 1 month after patients were discharged from the hospital. The overall incidence of irritant dermatitis was significantly lower (p = .01), the self-care satisfaction score was significantly higher (p = .02), and the cost for leakage-proof cream (p < .001) was significantly lower in the experimental group than in the control group. In contrast, no significant differences in the cost of ostomy equipment and the barrier replacement interval were observed. In conclusion, a moldable skin barrier can reduce the incidence of irritant dermatitis in elderly stoma patients, improve their self-care satisfaction, and reduce the cost of leakage-proof cream use compared with the conventional stoma skin barrier.
Clinical application of probiotics in type 2 diabetes mellitus: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Type 2 diabetes has been associated with dysbiosis and one of the possible routes to restore a healthy gut microbiota is by the regular ingestion of probiotics. We aimed to investigate the effects of probiotics on glycemic control, lipid profile, inflammation, oxidative stress and short chain fatty acids in T2D., METHODS: In a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial, 50 volunteers consumed daily 120 g/d of fermented milk for 6 wk. Participants were assigned into two groups: probiotic group, consuming fermented milk containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La-5 and Bifidobacterium animalis subsp lactis BB-12 (109 colony-forming units/d, each) and control group, consuming conventional fermented milk. Anthropometric measurements, body composition, fasting blood and faecal samples were taken at baseline and after 6 wk., RESULTS: 45 subjects out of 50 (90%) completed follow-up. After 6 wk, there was a significant decrease in fructosamine levels (-9.91 mmol/L; p = 0.04) and hemoglobin A1c tended to be lower (-0.67%; p=0.06) in probiotic group. TNF-alpha and resistin were significantly reduced in probiotic and control groups (-1.5 and -1.3 pg/mL, -.1 and -2.8 ng/mL, respectively), while IL-10 was significantly reduced (- 0.65 pg/mL; p <0.001) only in the control group. Fecal acetic acid was increased in both groups (0.58 and 0.59% in probiotic and control groups, respectively; p <0.01). There was a significant difference between groups concerning mean changes of HbA1c (+0.31 for control group vs -0.65 for probiotic group; p=0.02), total cholesterol (+0.55 for control group vs -0.15 for probiotic group; p=0.04) and LDL-cholesterol (+0.36 for control group vs -0.20 for probiotic group p=0.03)., CONCLUSIONS: Probiotic consumption improved the glycemic control in T2D subjects, however, the intake of fermented milk seems to be involved with others metabolic changes, such as decrease in inflammatory cytokines (TNF-alpha and resistin) and increase in the acetic acid. Copyright © 2015 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Role of selected amino acids on plasma IGF-I concentration in infants.; PURPOSE: Insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) is related to growth and its secretion is modified by protein intake in early infancy. We examined the relationship of dietary protein and circulating amino acids on plasma IGF-I levels and early growth., METHODS: Healthy formula-fed infants (n = 213) were randomly assigned to receive either a protein-reduced infant formula with alpha-lactalbumin-enriched whey and free tryptophan and phenylalanine (IF) or an isocaloric standard formula without free amino acids (CF) for the first 120 days of life. A group of breastfed (BF) infants was studied as a non-randomized reference cohort. Biochemical variables were measured shortly after birth (subpopulation) and at an age of 120 days. A path analysis was used to explore the relationship between IGF-I, insulin and amino acids. Results are derived from secondary analyses of a randomized controlled trial., RESULTS: Plasma concentrations of IGF-I at 120 days were significantly higher in IF than in CF infants [58.5 (15.0) vs. 53.7 (9.95) ng/mL; p = 0.020]. BF infants showed lower IGF-I concentrations of 41.6 (10.7) ng/mL. All amino acids but Thr and Cit had a more marked effect on insulin than on IGF-I level. Considering weight, sex and feeding group, Trp explained an equal percentage of variance of IGF-I and insulin (total R 2 12.5 % of IGF-I and 12.3 % of insulin), while branched-chain AA explained an up to twofold higher variance of insulin than IGF-I. Compared to CF, IF explained 18.9 % of the IGF-I level (p = 0.03), while for insulin no direct effect was detectable., CONCLUSION: Higher IGF-I concentrations and growth velocities in infants receiving protein-reduced IF indicate that the protein concentration of an infant formula alone does not control IGF-I levels and growth. Other components (e.g., selected amino acids) of infant formulae might control directly or indirectly via insulin influence IGF-I.
Consumption of Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis BB-12 in yogurt reduced expression of TLR-2 on peripheral blood-derived monocytes and pro-inflammatory cytokine secretion in young adults.; PURPOSE: Probiotic bacteria modulate immune parameters and inflammatory outcomes. Emerging evidence demonstrates that the matrix used to deliver probiotics may influence the efficacy of probiotic interventions in vivo. The aims of the current study were to evaluate (1) the effect of one species, Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis BB-12 at a dose of log10 +/- 0.5 CFUs/day on immune responses in a randomized, partially blinded, 4-period crossover, free-living study, and (2) whether the immune response to BB-12 differed depending on the delivery matrix., METHODS: Healthy adults (n = 30) aged 18-40 years were recruited and received four treatments in a random order: (A) yogurt smoothie alone; smoothie with BB-12 added (B) before or (C) after yogurt fermentation, or (D) BB-12 given in capsule form. At baseline and after each 4-week treatment, peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) were isolated, and functional and phenotypic marker expression was assessed., RESULTS: BB-12 interacted with peripheral myeloid cells via Toll-like receptor 2 (TLR-2). The percentage of CD14+HLA-DR+ cells in peripheral blood was increased in male participants by all yogurt-containing treatments compared to baseline (p = 0.0356). Participants who consumed yogurt smoothie with BB-12 added post-fermentation had significantly lower expression of TLR-2 on CD14+HLA-DR+ cells (p = 0.0186) and reduction in TNF-alpha secretion from BB-12- (p = 0.0490) or LPS-stimulated (p = 0.0387) PBMCs compared to baseline., CONCLUSIONS: These findings not only demonstrate a potential anti-inflammatory effect of BB-12 in healthy adults, but also indicate that the delivery matrix influences the immunomodulatory properties of BB-12.
Impact of preloading either dairy or soy milk on postprandial glycemia, insulinemia and gastric emptying in healthy adults.; PURPOSE: Milk protein ingestion reduces post-meal glycemia when consumed either before or together with carbohydrate foods. The aim of this study was to compare the effects of dairy and soy milk consumed either before (preload) or together with (co-ingestion) a carbohydrate (bread), on postprandial blood glucose, insulin and gastric emptying in healthy participants., METHODS: Twelve healthy Chinese male participants were studied on five separate occasions using a randomized crossover design. White wheat bread consumed with water was used as a reference meal. Capillary and venous bloods were sampled pretest and 3.5 h post-test meal for glucose and insulin measurement. Gastric emptying was measured using real-time ultrasonography., RESULTS: Co-ingestion of dairy milk or soy milk with bread lowered postprandial blood glucose response and glycemic index. Co-ingesting soy milk with bread increased insulin response and insulinemic index significantly compared to co-ingestion of dairy milk and preload treatments. Preloads (30 min prior to bread) significantly lowered postprandial glycemia and insulinemia compared to co-ingestion. Gastric emptying was slower after co-ingesting dairy milk with bread than after reference meal., CONCLUSIONS: Preloading either soy milk or dairy milk results in greater reduction in glycemic response compared to co-ingestion alone. This dietary practice may have therapeutic advantage in communities consuming high GI diets. Optimal glucose control may have the potential for increasing the time of transition from prediabetes to type 2 diabetes in Asian communities., CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT 02151188.
Evidence for the effects of yogurt on gut health and obesity.; Obesity is associated with increased risk for chronic diseases, and affects both developed and developing nations. Yogurt is a nutrient-dense food that may benefit individuals with lactose intolerance, constipation and diarrheal diseases, hypertension, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, and certain types of cancer. Emerging evidence suggests that yogurt consumption might also improve the health of obese individuals. Obesity is often accompanied by chronic, low-grade inflammation perpetuated by adipose tissue and the gut. In the gut, obesity-associated dysregulation of microbiota and impaired gut barrier function may increase endotoxin exposure. Intestinal barrier function can be compromised by pathogens, inflammatory cytokines, endocannabinoids, diet, exercise, and gastrointestinal peptides. Yogurt consumption may improve gut health and reduce chronic inflammation by enhancing innate and adaptive immune responses, intestinal barrier function, lipid profiles, and by regulating appetite. While this evidence suggests that yogurt consumption is beneficial for obese individuals, randomized-controlled trials are needed to further support this hypothesis.
Effect of flaxseed oil supplementation on anthropometric and metabolic indices in patients with coronary artery disease: A double-blinded randomized controlled trial.; Introduction:  It has been established that omega 3 fatty acids have cardio-protective effects through modulation of cardiometabolic risk factors via multiple mechanisms. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of flaxseed oil on anthropometric indices and lipid profile in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD). Methods:  A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was performed in 44 patients with CAD. The subjects were randomly assigned to receive either 200 ml of 1.5% fat milk supplemented by 5 g of flaxseed oil (containing 2.5 g alpha-Linolenic acid) as intervention or 200 ml of 1.5% fat milk as placebo group for 10 consecutive weeks. Anthropometric indices and lipid profile were assessed at baseline and post-intervention. Results:  The results indicated that supplementation with flaxseed oil had no impact on anthropometric indices. Weight, body mass index, waist circumference and hip circumference decreased statistically significant within groups, but not between groups. At the end of the intervention, diastolic blood pressure (DBP) decreased significantly (P = 0.022) in the intervention group. Moreover, the triglyceride (TG) level decreased significantly in the intervention group from 173.45 (49.09) to 139.33 (34.26) (P < 0.001). Other lipid profile indices including total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein and high density lipoprotein did not differ significantly within and between groups. Conclusion:   We observed that supplementation of flaxseed oil improved TG and DBP but had no effect on other lipid profiles and anthropometric indices in patients with CAD.
Long-Term Exposure and Safety of a Novel Topical Rapamycin Cream for the Treatment of Facial Angiofibromas in Tuberous Sclerosis Complex: Results From a Single-Center, Open-Label Trial.; Facial angiofibromas, composed of fibrous tissue and blood vessels appearing on the face, are closely associated with tuberous sclerosis complex. Historically, oral rapamycin, a mammalian target of the rapamycin inhibitor of cell proliferation, has been used to treat visceral tuberous sclerosis-related tumors; however, the side effect profile of this medicine generally precludes its use in patients lacking significant internal involvement. The authors developed a novel topical formulation of rapamycin cream to treat the facial angiofibroma without exposing patients to possible systemic side effects. We followed 11 patients in a long-term, open-label, prospective study to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of rapamycin cream when used chronically. All of the patients showed an improvement in the appearance of their facial angiofibroma which was maintained in long-term follow-up without safety concerns or systemic absorption. The novel rapamycin cream was tolerated well by all patients and represents a way to address the cutaneous manifestation of tuberous sclerosis complex.
Greek Yogurt and 12 Weeks of Exercise Training on Strength, Muscle Thickness and Body Composition in Lean, Untrained, University-Aged Males.; Milk and/or whey protein plus resistance exercise (RT) increase strength and muscle size, and optimize body composition in adult males and females. Greek yogurt (GY) contains similar muscle-supporting nutrients as milk yet it is different in several ways including being a semi-solid food, containing bacterial cultures and having a higher protein content (mostly casein) per serving. GY has yet to be investigated in the context of a RT program. The purpose of this study was to assess the effects of GY consumption plus RT on strength, muscle thickness and body composition in lean, untrained, university-aged males. Thirty untrained, university-aged (20.6 +/- 2.2 years) males were randomized to 2 groups (n = 15/group): fat-free, plain GY or a Placebo Pudding (PP; isoenergetic carbohydrate-based pudding) and underwent a combined RT/plyometric training program 3 days/week for 12 weeks. They consumed either GY (20 g protein/dose) or PP (0 g protein/dose) daily, 3 times on training days and 2 times on non-training days. After 12 weeks, both groups significantly increased strength, muscle thickness and fat-free mass (FFM) (p < 0.05). The GY group gained more total strength (GY; 98 +/- 37 kg, PP; 57 +/- 15 kg), more biceps brachii muscular thickness (GY; 0.46 +/- 0.3 cm, PP; 0.12 +/- 0.2 cm), more FFM (GY; 2.4 +/- 1.5 kg, PP; 1.3 +/- 1.3 kg), and reduced % body fat (GY; -1.1 +/- 2.2%, PP; 0.1 +/- 2.6%) than PP group (p < 0.05 expressed as absolute change). Thus, consumption of GY during a training program resulted in improved strength, muscle thickness and body composition over a carbohydrate-based placebo. Given the results of our study, the general benefits of consuming GY and its distinctiveness from milk, GY can be a plausible, post-exercise, nutrient-rich alternative for positive strength, muscle, and body composition adaptations.
Seroprevalence of hemorrhagic septicemia in dairy cows in Assam, India.; Hemorrhagic septicemia (HS) is a highly fatal disease caused by Pasteurella multocida that often cause outbreaks in buffalo and cattle in India, and thus is a major cause of production losses. It is one of the livestock diseases with the highest mortality, and despite available vaccines, outbreaks still occur. To assess the seroprevalence in the state of Assam, Northeast India, 346 serum samples from cows from 224 randomly selected households, from both urban and rural areas of three districts, were tested with a commercial ELISA. In total 88 cows were seropositive (25.4%), and indigenous cattle were significantly more seropositive (33.5%) compared to the crossbred cattle (18.5%) (p = 0.002). Herd prevalence was 35.7%, and more rural farms (47.4%) were positive compared to the urban farms (23.6%) (p < 0.001). No other risk factors were identified in this study. Only one farm had vaccinated against HS, but there were no seropositive animals detected in that herd. This study shows that HS is highly prevalent in Assam. Considering the importance of dairy production in India, and the dependence of the rural Assam population on farming and livestock keeping, more extensive vaccination campaigns would be important.
A series of in vitro and human studies of a novel lip cream formulation for protecting against environmental triggers of recurrent herpes labialis.; PURPOSE: These studies describe the testing of a novel, daily-use lip cream designed for individuals with lips prone to recurrent herpes labialis (RHL) that protects against environmental triggers., SUBJECTS AND METHODS: In vitro occlusive and in vitro and in vivo photoprotection analyses, a characterization of normal vs dry lips, and a randomized, evaluator-blinded, clinical trial that assessed the lip cream in healthy subjects with dry lips were conducted. In the clinical trial, subjects applied the lip cream or were untreated and evaluated using transepidermal water loss (TEWL), corneometry, visual assessments of lip dryness, expert photographic evaluations, and subject-rated outcomes., RESULTS: The lip cream's in vitro water vapor transmission rate (84.1 g/(m2 h)) indicated moderate occlusivity. The lip cream, but not placebo or control (water), reduced ultraviolet A (UVA)- and UVB-induced DNA damage, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (EpiDermFT) and pros-taglandin E2 release (EpiDermFT and EpiGingival TM). The lip cream's in vivo sun protection factor (SPF) was 12.2 (lower confidence limit, 11.3) and SPF/UVA protection factor ratio was 0.9. The characterization of dry vs normal lips identified differences in moisturization. In the clinical trial, the lip cream significantly decreased TEWL (difference: -7.19 [95% CI: -11.41, -2.98]; P<0.01), increased corneometry (difference: 4.62 [95% CI: 1.05, 8.19]; P<0.05), and reduced visual dryness (difference: -1.48 [95% CI: 2.24, -0.71]; P<0.001) compared to untreated subjects. Significant benefits were also observed on expert photographic assessments of scaling (difference: -0.89 [95% CI: -1.75, -0.03]; P< 0.05), cupping (difference: -1.50 [95% CI: -2.30, -0.70]; P<0.001), and healthy appearance (difference: -1.44 [95% CI: -2.29, -0.58]; P<0.01); differences in overall healthy appearance were not significant (P=0.51). Subject-rated assessments indicated improvements in cracking, dryness, and flaking in the lip cream group but worsening in untreated subjects., CONCLUSION: These studies indicate that this novel, daily-use lip cream protects against UV radiation, drying, and chapping, which are established environmental RHL triggers.
Calcium and vitamin D supplementation and/or periodontal therapy in the treatment of periodontitis among Brazilian pregnant women: protocol of a feasibility randomised controlled trial (the IMPROVE trial).; BACKGROUND: Periodontitis is a common oral inflammation, which is a risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcomes. Intakes of vitamin D and calcium are inversely associated with occurrence and progression of periodontitis. This study aims to assess the feasibility of a multi-component intervention, including provision of milk powder supplemented with calcium and vitamin D and periodontal therapy (PT), for improving maternal periodontal health and metabolic and inflammatory profiles of low-income Brazilian pregnant women with periodontitis., METHODS: The IMPROVE trial is a feasibility randomised controlled trial (RCT) with a 2 x 2 factorial design with a parallel process evaluation. Pregnant women with periodontitis, aged 18-40 years and with < 20 gestational weeks (n = 120) were recruited and randomly allocated into four groups: (1) fortified sachet (vitamin D and calcium) and powdered milk plus PT during pregnancy, (2) placebo sachet and powdered milk plus PT during pregnancy, (3) fortified sachet (vitamin D and calcium) and powdered milk plus PT after delivery and (4) placebo sachet and powdered milk plus PT after delivery. Dentists and participants are blinded to fortification. Acceptability of study design, recruitment strategy, random allocation, data collection procedures, recruitment rate, adherence and attrition rate will be evaluated. Data on serum levels of vitamin D, calcium and inflammatory biomarkers; clinical periodontal measurements; anthropometric measurements; and socio-demographic questionnaires are collected at baseline, third trimester and 6-8 weeks postpartum. Qualitative data are collected using focus group, for analysis of favourable factors and barriers related to study adherence., DISCUSSION: Oral health and mineral/vitamin supplementation are much overlooked in the public prenatal assistance in Brazil and of scarcity of clinical trials addressing these issues in low and middle-income countries,. To fill this gap the present study was designed to assess the feasibility of a RCT on acceptability of a multi-component intervention combining conventional periodontal treatment and consumption of milk fortified with calcium-vitamin D for improving periodontal conditions and maternal metabolic and inflammation status, among Brazilian low-income pregnant women with periodontitis. Thus, we hope that this relatively low-cost and safe multicomponent intervention can help reduce inflammation, improve maternal periodontal health and metabolic profile and consequently prevent negative gestational outcomes., TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT, NCT03148483. Registered on May 11, 2017.
Sterol-standardized phytopharmaceutical from ground cherry: Corticoid-like properties on human keratinocytes and fibroblasts and its effects in a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: Topical corticosteroids have been the most commonly prescribed drugs to treat skin inflammation, but their uses can lead to several adverse effects. Nowadays, new pharmacological strategies have been evaluated to improve dermatologic efficacy and reduce adverse effects, including natural products., OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to evaluate and compare the effects of a plant sterol standardized supercritical CO2 phytopharmaceutical of Physalis angulata L. with hydrocortisone on the immune and inflammatory mediators, and skin repair components production. Moreover, we studied effects of both products on the skin microcirculation and temperature in a double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial., METHODS: Both products were evaluated on the immune (IL-6, IL-10, INF-gamma, TNF-alpha, and IL-1alpha), inflammatory (COX-2, LOX, PLA2 , PGE2 , LTB4 , histamine, and NF-kappaB), and repair components (TGF-beta, GM-CSF, collagen, and GAG) production on human keratinocytes and fibroblast in non-stimulated and LPS-stimulated conditions. Indeed, in a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial, we evaluated the effects of the both creams on the skin microcirculation and temperature using laser Doppler and infrared thermometer, respectively., RESULTS: Physalis angulata acted on the skin, modulating immune status and inflammatory response producing corticoid-like effects, but different of hydrocortisone, increased skin repair factors. The effects of phytopharmaceutical cream in the clinical trial promoted a better reduction in skin microcirculation and temperature than hydrocortisone., CONCLUSIONS: Taken together, the results indicate that sterol standardized CO2 supercritical preparation of P angulata is a new and innovative phytopharmaceutical with multiple pharmacological effects potentially useful as human skin protective product, particularly against cutaneous inflammatory disorders. Copyright © 2018 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
The effects of fermented milk products (kefir and yogurt) and probiotic on performance, carcass characteristics, blood parameters, and gut microbial population in broiler chickens.; This study was conducted to determine the effects of fermented milk products and probiotic on performance, carcass characteristics, blood parameters, and gut microbial population in broiler chickens. A total of 480 one-day-old Ross 308 broilers were allocated to 30 floor pens in a completely randomized design with six treatments, five replicates, and 16 chicks (eight males and eight females) in each replicate. On the first day, the male and female chicks were weighed and divided by the feather sexing method so that the average body weight of chicks was approximately equal in each pen. Treatments consisted of six groups (including control): group 1 had a basal diet and normal drinking water, group 2 had a basal diet and probiotics (PrimaLac R) in drinking water as recommended by the manufacturer, group 3 had a basal diet and 2% yogurt in drinking water, group 4 had a basal diet and 4% yogurt in drinking water, group 5 had a basal diet and 2% kefir in drinking water, and group 6 had a basal diet and 4% kefir in drinking water. Chemical and microbiological characteristics of kefir and yogurt were measured after each production. The results showed that 4% kefir, yogurt, and probiotic at the recommend level in water improved body weight gain, feed intake, and feed conversion ratio compared with other groups ( P < 0.05 ). The results indicated that treatment had a significant effect on the carcass yield, intestinal length, thigh yield, and abdominal fat in male and female chickens ( P < 0.05 ). There were no effects on total bacteria population but the lactobacilli and coliform bacteria populations showed increasing and decreasing trends, respectively, with 4% kefir, yogurt, and probiotic supplementation at 28 and 42d ( P < 0.05 ). In addition, blood glucose and total protein increased when using a high levels of kefir, yogurt, and probiotic in water, while cholesterol and LDL (low-density lipoprotein) concentrations were lower in 4% kefir, yogurt, and probiotic at the recommended level. Consequently, the results of this study showed that the use of 4% kefir, yogurt, and probiotic at recommended level in water had beneficial effects on the growth performance, intestinal bacteria population, and blood biochemical parameters in male and female broiler chickens. Copyright: © 2019 Mohammad Ghasemi-Sadabadi et al.
Associations of dairy and fiber intake with circulating odd-chain fatty acids in post-myocardial infarction patients.; BACKGROUND: Circulating odd-chain fatty acids pentadecanoic (15:0) and heptadecanoic acid (17:0) are considered to reflect dairy intake. In cohort studies, higher circulating 15:0 and 17:0 were associated with lower type 2 diabetes risk. A recent randomized controlled trial in humans suggested that fiber intake also increased circulating 15:0 and 17:0, potentially resulting from fermentation by gut microbes. We examined the associations of dairy and fiber intake with circulating 15:0 and 17:0 in patients with a history of myocardial infarction (MI)., METHODS: We performed cross-sectional analyses in a subsample of 869 Dutch post-MI patients of the Alpha Omega Cohort who had data on dietary intake and circulating fatty acids. Dietary intakes (g/d) were assessed using a 203-item food frequency questionnaire. Circulating 15:0 and 17:0 (as % of total fatty acids) were measured in plasma phospholipids (PL) and cholesteryl esters (CE). Spearman correlations (r s ) were computed between intakes of total dairy, dairy fat, fiber, and circulating 15:0 and 17:0., RESULTS: Patients were on average 69 years old, 78% was male and 21% had diabetes. Total dairy intake comprised predominantly milk and yogurt (69%). Dairy fat was mainly derived from cheese (47%) and milk (15%), and fiber was mainly from grains (43%). Circulating 15:0 in PL was significantly correlated with total dairy and dairy fat intake (both r s = 0.19, p < 0.001), but not with dietary fiber intake (r s = 0.05, p = 0.11). Circulating 17:0 in PL was correlated both with dairy intake (r s = 0.14 for total dairy and 0.11 for dairy fat, p < 0.001), and fiber intake (r s = 0.19, p < 0.001). Results in CE were roughly similar, except for a weaker correlation of CE 17:0 with fiber (r s = 0.11, p = 0.001). Circulating 15:0 was highest in those with high dairy intake irrespective of fiber intake, while circulating 17:0 was highest in those with high dairy and fiber intake., CONCLUSIONS: In our cohort of post-MI patients, circulating 15:0 was associated with dairy intake but not fiber intake, whereas circulating 17:0 was associated with both dairy and fiber intake. These data suggest that cardiometabolic health benefits previously attributed to 17:0 as a biomarker of dairy intake may partly be explained by fiber intake. Copyright © The Author(s). 2019.
Camel milk for reduction of diabetes risk: Are we heading toward the right direction?.; Diabetes is emerging as an important public health problem in India imparting huge burden on healthcare economics. Recently a milk packaging company has introduced camel milk product with its potential use in reducing risk of diabetes. In this study, we had evaluated the available evidences and found that though camel milk may have some benefits for the patients with type 1 diabetes, its efficacy for improving glycemic profile of type 2 diabetes is highly controversial and further evidences in the form of randomized controlled trials are needed to substantiate the effect. Copyright: © 2019 Journal of Family Medicine and Primary Care.
The Effect of Flaxseed Enriched Yogurt on the Glycemic Status and Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Randomized, Open-labeled, Controlled Study.; Flaxseed is one of the rich sources of alpha-linolenic acid and lignan. Flaxseed and its components have antioxidant, hypolipidemic and hypoglycemic effects. The study aimed to investigate the effect of flaxseed enriched yogurt on glycemic control, lipid profiles and blood pressure in patients with type 2 diabetes. A randomized, open-labeled, controlled clinical trial was conducted on 57 patients with type 2 diabetes. Participants were assigned to receive 200 g 2.5% fat yogurt containing 30-g flaxseed or plain yogurt daily for 8 weeks. Anthropometrics and biochemical parameters were evaluated at the beginning and end of the study. After 8 weeks of supplementation, Hemoglobin A1c was significantly decreased in the intervention group compared to control (p = 0.007). Also, at the end of the study, significant differences were seen between the flaxseed enriched yogurt and control groups in triglycerides and total cholesterol concentrations (p = 0.04 and p = 0.01), systolic blood pressure and diastolic blood pressure (p = 0.02 and p = 0.002, respectively). However, we did not find any difference between 2 groups in low-density lipoprotein, high-density lipoprotein, body weight and waist circumference (p > 0.05). Our results showed that the addition of flaxseed to yogurt can be effective in the management of type 2 diabetes., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02436369. Copyright © 2019. The Korean Society of Clinical Nutrition.
The association of food quality score and cardiovascular diseases risk factors among women: A cross-sectional study.; Introduction:  Limited studies are available regarding the relationship between Food Quality Score (FQS) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors. Thus, this study was aimed to investigate the association of FQS with CVD risk factors in women. Methods:  This cross-sectional study was carried out among 368 women aged 20-50 years who randomly selected from health centers across Tehran, Iran. Dietary intake was collected using a reliable and validated food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). The FQS includes vegetables, fruits, whole grains, yogurt, nuts and legumes, coffee, refined grains, desserts and ice cream, sugar-sweetened beverages, red meats, fried food consumed outside the home, processed meats, potato and potato chips. Standard methods were used to assess blood pressure, biochemical and anthropometric measures. Multivariate logistic regression was used to examine the association between FQS and CVD risk factors. Results:  Participant mean age and body mass index (BMI) were 30.7 +/- 6.9 years and 24.3 +/- 4.0 kg/m2, respectively. After taking potential confounders into account, FQS had no significant association with risk of overweight and obesity [Odds ratio (OR): 1.1, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.68, 1.8; P = 0.683], diabetes (OR: 0.62, 95% CI: 0.22, 1.74; P = 0.374), metabolic syndrome (OR: 0.36, 95% CI: 0.10, 1.32; P = 0.127), hypercholesterolemia (OR: 0.54, 95% CI: 0.29, 1.01; P= 0.051), or hypertriglyceridemia (OR: 1.63, 95% CI: 0.71, 3.70; P = 0.244). Conclusion:   The results showed that FQS was not significantly associated with CVD risk factors among women. Prospective cohort studies are warranted to confirm our findings. Copyright © 2019 The Author(s).
Effect of L. acidophilus and B. lactis on blood glucose in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a randomized placebo-controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a complication of pregnancy that can be associated with neonatal complications and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Recently, probiotic use has been proposed for better control of glucose in GDM patients. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of probiotic yoghurt compare with ordinary yoghurt on GDM women., METHODS: In this double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial, 84 pregnant women with GDM were randomly assigned into two groups of 42 recipients who underwent 300 g/day of probiotic yoghurt or placebo for 8 weeks. Blood glucose, HbA1c, and the outcome of pregnancy were compared between the two groups after the intervention., RESULTS: According to the findings of present trial no significant differences were observed in general characteristics between the two groups (p > 0.05). Both fasting and post prandial blood glucose as well as the level of HbA1c were decreased significantly in probiotic group (p < 0.05), although these changes are not statistically significant in the placebo group. The between group differences was significant after the 2 month intervention (p < 0.05). Neonates born of probiotic group mothers, have significantly lower weight and fewer macrosome neonates were born in this group compared with control group (p < 0.05). However, no difference was observed in other values of outcome., CONCLUSIONS: Our study revealed that better control of blood glucose can be achieved by consumption of probiotic yoghurt in patients whose pregnancy is complicated by GDM, compared with placebo. Also incidence of macrosomia may be decreased by this regimen.
Safety and Efficacy of Bis-Glyceryl Ascorbate (Amitose DGA) to Prevent Hand-Foot Skin Reaction in Patients With Renal Cell Carcinoma Receiving Sunitinib Therapy: Protocol for a Phase I/II, Uncontrolled, Single-Arm, Open-Label Trial.; BACKGROUND: Hand-foot skin reaction (HFSR) is a serious side effect induced by multiple-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs). HFSR can cause treatment interruption or decreased dosing. HFSR also markedly decreases quality of life and is associated with the therapeutic efficacy of multiple-TKIs. Therefore, the management and prevention of HFSR is an important issue; however, an effective method for its prevention has not been established. Specific ascorbic acid derivatives can reverse multiple-TKI-induced keratinocyte growth and pathological changes in vitro., OBJECTIVE: This study was designed to evaluate the safety of bis-glyceryl ascorbate (Amitose DGA), a novel, hydrosoluble, and moisturizing ascorbic acid derivative, in patients with renal cell carcinoma (RCC) receiving sunitinib therapy. This study was also designed to evaluate Amitose DGA's preventive efficacy for sunitinib-induced HFSR., METHODS: This is a Phase I/II, single-center, uncontrolled, single-arm, open-label trial. We will recruit a total of 30 patients with RCC receiving sunitinib therapy, with a 2-week-on and 1-week-off schedule. The participants will apply Amitose DGA-containing cream over both palmar and plantar surfaces within two treatment cycles (ie, 6 weeks) of sunitinib in combination with a general moisturizing agent, in addition to standard-of-care processes. Safety assessments will include dermatological abnormalities, clinical laboratory tests, and incidence of adverse events. Efficacy assessments will include development of HFSR and therapeutic outcomes associated with sunitinib., RESULTS: Recruitment to the study began in August 2017 and is ongoing in Japan. To date, 21 subjects have been recruited. Study completion is expected in 2021., CONCLUSIONS: This is the first clinical study of Amitose DGA-containing cream in patients with RCC who are receiving sunitinib therapy. The single-center, single-arm, open-label design was selected to maximize subject exposure and increase the likelihood of achieving our study endpoints. The results will provide valuable and preliminary evidence of the effects of Amitose DGA-containing cream on HFSR., TRIAL REGISTRATION: UMIN Clinical Trials Registry UMIN000027209; https://upload.umin.ac.jp/cgi-open-bin/ctr /ctr_view.cgi?recptno=R000031174., INTERNATIONAL REGISTERED REPORT IDENTIFIER (IRRID): DERR1-10.2196/14636. Copyright ©Kazuhiro Yamamoto, Takeshi Ioroi, Kenichi Harada, Satoshi Nishiyama, Chikako Nishigori, Ikuko Yano. Originally published in JMIR Research Protocols (http://www.researchprotocols.org), 12.08.2019.
Pretreatment with Lactobacillus reuteri F-9-35 attenuates ethanol-induced gastric injury in rats.; BACKGROUND: Previous studies suggested that probiotics intervention may be one of the methods for preventing and/or treating gastric ulcer., OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study was to compare the preventive effects of a spaceflight mutant Lactobacillus reuteri F-9-35 and its wild type on ethanol-induced gastric injury in rats., DESIGN: Forty rats were randomly allocated into five groups: a normal group (NOR), ethanol group (EtOH), skim milk group (MILK), L. reuteri F-9-35 group (F935) and wild-type group (WT). The NOR and EtOH groups received 1 ml of distilled water by daily gavage for 14 days. The MILK group received 1 ml of skim milk alone, while the F935 and WT groups were administered 1 ml of skim milk containing the mutant and wild type (1 x 1010 colony-forming unit/ml) by daily gavage for 14 days, respectively. Acute gastric injury was induced by absolute alcohol 1 h after the final administration of different treatments, except for the NOR group., RESULTS: Pretreatment with L. reuteri F-9-35, but not milk alone or milk with the L. reuteri wild type, showed significant reduction of ethanol-induced gastric injury, as evidenced by lowering of ulcer index, ulcer area (%), and histological lesion. F-9-35 decreased the levels of lipid peroxidation and myeloperoxidase and increased mucus, glutathione, and nitric oxide levels in gastric tissue. Moreover, F-9-35 inhibited the expression of proinflammatory genes including gastric tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin-1beta, and cyclooxygenase-2 and decreased the activity of nuclear factor kappa B (NF-kappaB)., CONCLUSION: These findings indicated that L. reuteri F-9-35 pretreatment can attenuate ethanol-induced gastric injury in rats by inhibiting oxidative stress and inflammatory response. Together, L. reuteri F-9-35 has potential preventive efficacy on gastric ulcer.
Nonfat milk attenuates acute hyperglycemia in individuals with android obesity: A randomized control trial.; BACKGROUND: Elevated android body fat increases the risk of developing cardiometabolic diseases. Postprandial hyperglycemia contributes to the proatherogenic metabolic state evident in android adiposity. Due to the insulinotropic effect of milk-derived proteins, postprandial hyperglycemia has been shown to be reduced with the addition of dairy products. The purpose of this study was to determine whether one serving of nonfat milk added to an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) could attenuate postprandial hyperglycemia in individuals with elevated android adiposity and whether these improvements would be associated with metabolic and/or peripheral hemodynamic effects., METHODS: In this placebo-controlled, randomized, crossover experimental study, 29 overweight/obese adults (26 +/- 1 year) consumed an OGTT beverage (75 g glucose) combined with either nonfat milk (227 g) or a placebo control (12 g lactose + 8 g protein + 207 g water) that was matched for both carbohydrate and protein quantities., RESULTS: In the whole sample, blood glucose and insulin concentrations increased over time in both trials with no significant differences between trials. Relative increases in peak blood glucose response were significantly related to android body fat (p < 0.05). The subjects in the highest tertiles of android body fat displayed attenuated hyperglycemic responses as well as improvements in flow-mediated dilation (FMD) after milk intake., CONCLUSIONS: A single serving of nonfat milk may attenuate acute hyperglycemia in individuals with elevated android body fat offering a simple and convenient option for managing elevations in blood glucose.
The combined effects of yogurt and exercise in healthy adults: Implications for biomarkers of depression and cardiovascular diseases.; Several studies have reported individual benefits of yogurt and exercise on health; however, their combined effects remain unclear. Twenty-four healthy individuals participated in the study and were randomly assigned to the following four groups: control, yogurt, exercise, and combination. The participants consumed yogurt and exercised for 2 weeks, and we examined the combined effects of yogurt and exercise on physiological biomarkers. Individually, yogurt and exercise did not exert a significant effect on biomarkers of depression or cardiovascular disease, although vitamin D levels increased in the exercise group. However, in the combination group, serotonin levels increased, while levels of triglycerides and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, which are biomarkers for cardiovascular diseases, decreased. In conclusion, the results of the study showed that, in healthy individuals, a combination of yogurt and exercise led to greater increases in serotonin levels and reductions in triglyceride and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein levels, relative to those observed for yogurt or exercise alone; therefore, this combination could have implications for the prevention of depression and cardiovascular disease.
Metagenome sequencing to analyze the impacts of thiamine supplementation on ruminal fungi in dairy cows fed high-concentrate diets.; Ruminal thiamine deficiencies occur when dairy cows are overfed with high-concentrate diet, and thiamine supplementation has been proved to attenuate high-concentrate diet induced SARA. However, there is limited knowledge of the relationship between thiamine supplementation in high-concentrate diets and ruminal fungi. In order to investigate the impacts of thiamine supplementation on ruminal fungi, twelve Chinese Holstein dairy cows were randomly assigned into three treatments: control diet (CON; 20% starch, dry matter basis), high-concentrate diet (HC; 33.2% starch, dry matter basis) and high-concentrate diet supplemented with 180 mg thiamine/kg dry matter intake. Dry matter intake and milk production were recorded during the experimental periods. On day 21, rumen fluid samples were collected at 3 h postfeeding and ruminal pH, thiamine concentration and volatile fatty acids were measured. Metagenome sequencing method was conducted to detect ruminal fungi composition. Feeding HC significantly decreased dry matter intake, milk production, ruminal pH, ruminal acetate and thiamine concentration, however, significantly increased propionate and isovalerate (P < 0.05). These changes were inversed by thiamine supplementation (P < 0.05). Totally, seven phyla and almost 1050 species of rumen fungi were identified across all samples in which especially, 3 genera and 10 species of strictly anaerobic fungi phylum Neocallimastigomycota was found. Principal coordinate analysis indicated that feeding HC and thiamine supplementation caused a significant inverse in ruminal fungi composition. Feeding HC significantly decreased the abundance of fungi compared with CON (P < 0.05) while thiamine supplementation significantly increased the abundance of ruminal fungi (P < 0.05). These results indicated that thiamine supplementation may effectively attenuate rumen metabolic disorder caused by HC diet through buffering the ruminal pH, shifting the rumen fermentation pattern and increasing the abundance of ruminal fungi. The findings in this study could therefore contribute to the further understanding of the mechanism of thiamine's function in dairy cows.
Consumption of regular-fat vs reduced-fat cheese reveals gender-specific changes in LDL particle size - a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Regular-fat cheese does not seem to increase low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) concentrations compared to reduced-fat cheese. However, plasma LDL-C concentrations do not reflect levels and size of LDL particles, which might be a better predictor of cardiovascular risk., METHODS: The aim was to compare the effects of regular-fat cheese vs reduced-fat cheese and carbohydrate-rich foods on LDL particle size distribution in adults with >= 2 metabolic syndrome (MetS) risk factors. The study was part of a 12 weeks' randomized controlled trial in which subjects had been randomly allocated to 1 of 3 intervention groups; regular-fat cheese (REG), reduced-fat cheese (RED) or a no-cheese/carbohydrate (CHO) group. Subjects in the REG and RED groups consumed 80 g cheese/d per 10 MJ, whereas subjects in the CHO consumed bread and jam corresponding to 90 g/d and 25 g/d per 10 MJ, respectively. Fasting blood samples at wk. 0 (baseline) and wk. 12 were analyzed for LDL particle size distribution and cholesterol content using nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy., RESULTS: A total of 85 subjects [mean +/- SD age: 54.0 +/- 12.8 y; BMI: 28.7 +/- 3.6 kg/m2] completed the study. Overall, regular-fat cheese did not impact lipoprotein particle number and size differently than reduced-fat cheese. In men (n = 23), the REG diet decreased total LDL particle number (LDL-P, - 223.2 +/- 91.1 nmol/l, P = 0.01) compared with the RED diet. The reduction was primarily in the medium-sized LDL fraction (- 128.5 +/- 51.8 nmol/l, P = 0.01). In women (n = 62), the REG diet increased the concentration of cholesterol in the small high density lipoprotein (HDL) particles compared with the CHO diet (2.9 +/- 1.0 mg/dl, P = 0.006)., CONCLUSION: Overall, regular-fat cheese did not alter LDL particle size distribution compared to reduced-fat cheese after a 12 wk. intervention in subjects with >=2 MetS risk factors. However, our results suggest that lipoprotein response to cheese intake is gender-specific. This warrants further investigation., TRIAL REGISTRATION: This trial was registered at Clinicaltrials.gov as NCT0261471. Registered 30 November 2015 - Retrospectively registered.
A Randomized, Active Comparator-controlled Clinical Trial of a Topical Botanical Cream for Skin Hydration, Elasticity, Firmness, and Cellulite.; Background: The skin is where initial visual signs of aging manifest, including increased skin dryness and decreased firmness and elasticity. Cellulite, a skin condition characterized by changes in the skin morphology due to excessive lipid deposition in subcutaneous adipose tissue, is another characteristic of skin aging. Objective: We sought to assess the effectiveness of a topical botanical cream on cellulite, skin hydration, firmness, and elasticity after two, four, and eight weeks of use compared to an active comparator. Design: The study was a single-blind, randomized, controlled study conducted on subjects with mild-to-severe cellulite on the thighs. Subjects were treated with a topical botanical cream (UP1307) and an active comparator for eight weeks. A total of 44 women 18 to 59 years of age were enrolled. Test products were gently applied in a circular motion to the area identified by subjects as the target cellulite area twice per day. Measurements: Measurements using Corneometer R (for skin hydration) and Cutometer R (for skin elasticity and firmness) were carried out at each visit in addition to expert clinical grader evaluations for cutaneous changes and cellulite. Outcomes were also assessed by patients using subject questionnaires. Results: Patients reported significant improvement in skin hydration, firmness, and elasticity over time. Findings were corroborated with objective instrumental measurements. At Week 8, 44.4- and 42.7-percent improvement in appearance of cellulite was also observed for the UP1307 cream and the active comparator group, respectively. Conclusion:  Use of UP1307 cream produced significant improvements in skin hydration, firmness, and elasticity, with associated improvement in cellulite appearance. There was overall superiority of UP1307 between groups. Progressive subject perceptions of product effects are reported.
Effect of fermented camel milk on glucose metabolism, insulin resistance, and inflammatory biomarkers of adolescents with metabolic syndrome: A double-blind, randomized, crossover trial.; BACKGROUND: This study, for the first time, aimed to assess the effects of fermented camel milk (FCM) on glycemic and inflammatory parameters related to metabolic syndrome (MetS), an aggregation of cardiometabolic risk factors, in adolescents., MATERIALS AND METHODS: In a double-blind, randomized crossover trial, overweight/obese adolescents (fulfilling MetS criteria, aged 11-18 years) were randomly assigned to receive FCM 250 cc per day for an 8-week period, a 4-week washout, and then diluted cow's yogurt (DCY) 250 cc/day for another 8-week period, or the reverse sequence. Fasting blood sugar (FBS), fasting insulin, insulin resistance by three equations, incretin hormone glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide (GIP), and glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP1) as well as inflammatory markers such as interleukin 6 (IL6) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) were measured before and after each of the four periods. A 3-day food record and physical activity questionnaire were completed before each period. Statistical analyses were done using Minitab and SPSS software considering the significance level of 0.05., RESULTS: Twenty-four participants with a mean (standard deviation) age of 13.77 (1.87) years (range: 10.45-16.25 years) (58% girls) completed the study. It resulted in nonsignificant mean reduction in IL6 (-18.28 pg/mL [95% confidence interval [CI]: -47.48; 10.90]; P = 0.20) and nonsignificant increase in glucose metabolizing hormones such as GIP (683.10 pg/mL [95% CI: -457.84; 1824.0]; P = 0.22) and GLP1 (6.98 pg/mL [95% CI: -66.61; 80.57]; P = 0.84) by FCM consumption in comparison to DCY. Nonsignificant decrease was observed in TNF-alpha in the first periods of the study. The changes of FBS, fasting insulin, and insulin resistance indices were not statistically significant as well., CONCLUSION: According to preliminary positive influences of FCM on inflammatory markers, and findings related to glucose metabolism, we suggest conducting further studies on its clinical impacts.
Treatment of Grade II and III Actinic Keratosis Lesions with a Film-Forming Medical Device Containing Sunscreen/Piroxicam 0.8% and a Retinoic Acid/Glycolic Gel: A Pilot Trial.; INTRODUCTION: Lesion and field-targeted treatments of actinic keratosis (AK) are commonly indicated for grade I and II type lesions. Grade III lesions are in general more difficult to treat. A film-forming medical device containing piroxicam 0.8% and sunscreen (SPF 50+) (PS) has been shown to be effective in the treatment of grade I and II AK lesions. Topical and oral retinoids have been utilized in AK and non-melanoma skin cancers. Topical glycolic acid promotes keratolysis and stimulates collagen synthesis for repair and skin rejuvenation and could be useful in AK treatment strategies. A gel containing retinoid acid (0.02%) and glycolic acid (4%) (RC) is commercially available. The objective of the study was to evaluate the efficacy and local tolerability of a combined treatment approach with PS and RC in subjects with multiple grade II and III AK lesions., METHODS: Twenty-two subjects (16 males and 6 females; mean age 68 years) with more than five AK lesions were enrolled after obtaining their informed consent in a 3-month trial. PS cream was applied twice daily every day and RC gel was applied twice daily for 2 consecutive days every week. The primary endpoint was the evolution of the AK mean number from baseline to the end of the trial. Secondary endpoints were the thickness of the target lesion (expressed in mm3) and the erythema score (hemoglobin content), evaluated using a standardized computer-based image acquisition analysis system (Anthera 3D)., RESULTS: At baseline, the mean (SD) lesion number was 7.7 (3) for grade II and 1.4 (1) for grade III AK. At the end of the study, a significant (P = 0.001) reduction was observed for both grade II (- 81%; from 7.7 to 1.5) and grade III (- 22%) lesions. Six grade III lesions out of 31 (20%), presented at baseline, completely disappeared at month 3. For grade III lesions, a significant mean thickness reduction of 51% was observed at month 3. The erythema score (all lesions) was reduced by 70%. Four patients out of 22 (18%) were completely free of AK lesions at month 3. No severe side effects were reported., CONCLUSION: In this exploratory trial, a combined treatment with a cream containing piroxicam and sunscreen and a retinoic/glycolic gel was associated with a substantial reduction of both grade II and III AK lesions with good local tolerability., FUNDING: Cantabria Labs Difa Cooper.
Investigation of the Protective Effect of Kefir against Isoproterenol Induced Myocardial Infarction in Rats.; This study aims to investigate the protective effects of kefir against myocardial infarction induced by isoproterenol (ISO). The rats were randomly divided into 4 groups, each group consisting of 8 rats. The control group, the kefir group (5 mL/kg/d kefir administered to rats as intra-gastric gavage for 60 d), the ISO group (100 mg/kg ISO was administered to rats, s.c. on 61. and 62. d), and kefir+ISO group (5 mL/kg/d kefir was administered to rats intra gastric gavage for 60 days prior to ISO, 100 mg/kg in two doses on day 61 and 62). 12 h after the last ISO dose, all rats were decapitated and their blood samples were collected. Cardiac tissue was reserved for histopathological examination. creatine kinase (CK), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), triglycerides, total cholesterol,very low density lipoprotein (VLDL), low density lipoprotein (LDL), high density lipoprotein (HDL) and glucose were measured by autoanalyzer, whole blood malondialdehyde (MDA), glutathione (GSH) and plasma advanced oxidation protein products (AOPP) levels were measured spectrophotometrically. It was determined that in the group of kefir+ISO, the levels of AST (p<0.001), CK (p<0.001), LDH (p<0.001), MDA (p<0.001) and AOPP (p<0.001) were decreased, while the GSH (p<0.05) increased, compared to ISO group. There were no significant changes in lipid profile and glucose levels between these two groups. In conclusion, by examining cardiac enzymes and histopathological changes in cardiac tissue, it can be concluded that the administration of kefir in myocardial infarction induced by ISO can protect the heart with its antioxidant characteristic and minimize the toxic damage created by ISO.
Antagonistic effect of isolated probiotic bacteria from natural sources against intestinal Escherichia coli pathotypes.; BACKGROUND: Probiotics are live microorganisms which are beneficial bacteria that are normal flora of the digestive system which, in determined amounts, show beneficial effects on host health, and can balance gastrointestinal microflora. Digestive tract diseases such as diarrhea are one of the major causes of child mortality in developing countries. Different pathotypes of Escherichia coli cause diarrhea that affects children, therefore reduction of these colonization strains in humans or animals can decline gastrointestinal disorders such as diarrhea., OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to determine the antimicrobial effect of probiotic bacterial strains isolated from different natural sources against 4 pathotypes of pathogenic E. coli using disk and well diffusion methods., METHODS: This cross-sectional study was conducted from December 2013 to July 2014 on Martyr Chamran University in Ahwaz city. A total of 13 probiotic colonies isolated from 20 samples of traditional dairy products including yogurt, cheese and milk, and 20 samples of vegetables including carrots and cabbages (red and white), of which 5 isolates were selected to determine the antimicrobial effect against 4 Escherichia coli pathotypes, randomly. The antimicrobial effect was evaluated using two methods: disk diffusion and well diffusion tests and measuring growth inhibition zones of probiotics against 4 pathotypes of pathogenic E. coli., RESULTS: Obtained results showed growth inhibition effects of all 5 probiotic strains against Escherichia coli pathotypes in both used methods. But in comparison Lactobacillus plantarum had higher growth inhibitory effects in both methods., CONCLUSION: results of this study demonstrated high antimicrobial effect of probiotic bacteria against pathogenic Escherichia coli strains. It indicated a positive and beneficial role of probiotics in human health and prevention of illness.
Intake of fruit, vegetables and milk products and correlates among school boys in Saudi Arabia.; BACKGROUND: Healthy dietary behaviors have a significant impact on children's health and development. Diets high in fruit and vegetables demonstrate a strong and consistent pattern for decreasing the risk of and providing benefits against cardiovascular disease, diabetes, obesity and many cancers. Yet, little is known about the pattern of fruit, vegetables and dairy products consumption among children in Saudi Arabia., OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to investigate the consumption of fruit, vegetables and milk products and their dietary correlates among school boys in Saudi Arabia., MATERIALS AND METHODS: A multistage stratified cluster cross-sectional survey, using a pre-tested questionnaire was conducted among school-children. The study sample comprised of 725 school students from ten randomly selected schools in Saudi Arabia., RESULTS: All surveyed schools (100%) neither provide nor sell fruit, fresh juices or vegetables on their premises. During regular weekdays, the majority of the children did not consume fruit (69%) and vegetables (71.4%) on daily basis. More than one third (32.4%) of the children did not consume dairy products daily. The daily consumption of fruit and dairy products were associated with young age [odds ratio (OR) = 1.5, confidence interval (CI): 1.1-2.2, p = 0.040] and (OR = 2.4, CI: 1.6-3.7, p = 0.001), respectively. Daily consumption of fruit was positively associated with daily consumption of vegetables (OR = 6.6, CI: 4.5-9.5, p = 0.001). Also, daily consumption of vegetables was positively associated with daily consumption of dairy products (OR = 1.5, CI: 1.1-2.2, p = 0.040) and inversely correlated with daily consumption of sweets (OR = 0.6, C.I: 0.4-0.9, p = 0.012). Moreover, the daily consumption of dairy products was associated with consuming high fat food daily (OR = 1.7, CI: 1.2-2.4, p = 0.002)., CONCLUSION: The findings indicated that a high percentage of children in Saudi Arabia had an unhealthy low consumption of fruit, vegetables and milk products. Thus, an intervention program to promote healthy dietary patterns is highly recommended. Improving school environments and establishing school-based nutrition programs are extremely needed to promote healthy dietary behaviors among this age group. Copyright ©2018 Walter de Gruyter GmbH, Berlin/Boston.
Positive Effect of Fermented Camel Milk on Liver Enzymes of Adolescents with Metabolic Syndrome: a Double Blind, Randomized, Cross-over Trial.; BACKGROUND: Metabolic syndrome (MetS) has several health consequences. Liver enzymes elevation is among them., AIM: This study aimed to assess the effects of fermented Camel milk (FCM), as a functional food and dairy, on some features of MetS in adolescents including liver enzymes status, serum lipids and anthropometric measures., METHODS: Overweight/obese adolescents with MetS were randomly assigned to FCM 250 cc per day for 8 weeks, a 4-week washout, and then to diluted Cow's yogurt (DCY) 250 cc per day for 8 weeks, or the reverse sequence. Anthropometric measures, liver enzymes and serum lipids were measured just before and after each one of the four periods. A three-day food record and physical activity questionnaire were completed before each period. Statistical analyses were done using Minitab and SPSS soft-wares considering the significance level of 0.05., RESULTS: Twenty-four participants with a mean age (SD) of 13.77 (1.87) years (range: 10.45-16.25) (58% girls) completed the study. It resulted significant mean reduction of aspartate aminotransferase (AST) (-3.75 U/L [95% CI: -7.06; -0.43]; p=0.042) and alanine aminotransferase (ALT) (-2.54 U/L [95% CI: -3.33; -2.24], and p=0.006) and AST/ALT ratio (-0.16 U/L [95% CI: -0.28; -0.05]; p= 0.029) by FCM consumption in comparison to DCY. Non-significant favorable effects on anthropometric measures and serum lipids were seen as well., CONCLUSION: According to the observed favorable effects of fermented camel milk on liver enzymes, its consumption may be considered as a functional food supplement in related circumstances.
The Wound Healing Effects of Herbal Cream Containing Oliveria Decumbens and Pelargonium Graveolens Essential Oils in Diabetic Foot Ulcer Model.; BACKGROUND: The number of diabetic patients in adult population is increasing. All this population are at risk of developing diabetic foot ulcers (DFUs) that are associated with unwanted ailments and high mortality. In spite of current therapies for DFUs, further therapies are needed to help the patients., METHODS: The efficacy of herbal cream containing Pelargonium graveolens and Oliveria decombens essential oils was evaluated topically for treatment of DFUs in rat animal model in comparison with two other herbal formulas containing each essential oil alone, placebo (the basic formula without active ingredients) and normal saline as control groups. After anesthesia of diabetic rats (n=75) induced by streptozotocin (STZ), diabetic wounds were visible on the hind dorsal surface of the foot. The treatments were initiated on Day 1 and repeated 3 times a day for thirteen consecutive days. On day 1, 3, 5, 8 and 13, the wound sizes were determined and assessed histologically., RESULTS: Three herbal formulations reduced the size of wounds in rats with DFUs, while the cream containing combined herbals of O. decumbens and P. graveolens essential oils had the highest tissue repair in DFU rat models., CONCLUSION: Due to better wound healing effects of combined herbal cream containing O. decumbens and P. graveolens essential oils, it can be recommended in treatment of DFUs.
Genomic Influence in the Prevention of Cardiovascular Diseases with a Sterol-Based Treatment.; Raised serum cholesterol concentration is a well-established risk factor in cardiovascular disease. In addition, genetic load may have an indirect influence on cardiovascular risk. Plant-based sterol-supplemented foods are recommended to help reduce the serum low-density lipoprotein cholesterol level. The objective was to analyse the influence of different polymorphisms in hypercholesterolemia patients following a dietary treatment with plant sterols. A randomised double-blind cross-over controlled clinical trial was carried out in 45 people (25 women). Commercial milk, containing 2.24 g of sterols, was ingested daily during a 3-week period, and then the same amount of skim milk, without sterols, was consumed daily during the 3-week placebo phase. Both phases were separated by a washout period of 2 weeks. At the beginning and end of each phase, blood draws were performed. Genes LIPC C-514T and APOA5 C56G are Ser19Trp carriers and greatly benefit from sterol intake in the diet. LIPC C-514T TT homozygous carriers had lower low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c) levels than CC homozygote and CT heterozygote carriers after the ingestion of plant sterols (p = 0.001). These two genes also showed statistically significant changes in total cholesterol levels (p = 0.025; p = 0.005), and no significant changes in high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol levels (p = 0.032; p = 0.003), respectively. No statistically significant differences were observed for other genes. Further studies are needed to establish which genotype combinations would be the most protective against hypercholesterolemia.
A double blind, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trial that breast milk derived-Lactobacillus gasseri BNR17 mitigated diarrhea-dominant irritable bowel syndrome.; The exact pathogenesis of diarrhea-dominant irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) is not known, but the abnormal microbiota of the gastrointestinal tract is considered to be one of the important contributing factors as in other gastrointestinal diseases such as inflammatory bowel disease, antibiotic-associated diarrhea, and colorectal cancer as well as systemic diseases. Though diverse trials of probiotics had been continued in the treatment of diarrhea-IBS, only a few proved by randomized clinical trial. To prove the efficacy of Lactobacillus gasseri BNR17 isolated from breast milk in patients with diarrhea-IBS, prospective, randomized, placebo controlled clinical trial was done including health related-quality of life analysis, colon transit time, and the changes of fecal microbiota. BNR17 significantly improved the symptoms of diarrhea compared to control group. Health related-QOL analysis showed significant improvement of abdominal pain, distension, disturbed daily life, and mean defecation frequency with BNR17. On comparative CTT before and after BNR17, 6 out of 24 subjects showed significant correction of rapid colon transit pattern, while only 2 out of 24 in placebo (p<0.01). Upon fecal microbiota analysis, BNR17 significantly increased B. fecalis, E. rectale, C. aerofaciens, F. prausnitzil and B. steroris. Conclusively, Lactobacillus gasseri BNR17 can be a potential probiotics to ameliorate diarrhea-IBS.
Ameliorative Effect of Camel's Milk and Nigella Sativa Oil against Thioacetamide-induced Hepatorenal Damage in Rats.; BACKGROUND: Camel milk (CM) and Nigella sativa (NS) have been traditionally claimed to cure wide range of diseases and used as medicine in different part of world, particularly in Saudi Arabia. Several research studies have been published that proved beneficial effects of CM and NS., OBJECTIVE: This study was undertaken to investigate the antihepatotxic potential of CM and NS oil (NSO) against thioacetamide (TAA)-induced hepato and nephrotoxicity in rats., MATERIALS AND METHODS: Thirty female Albino Wistar rats were randomly divided in to six groups having five rats in each group. A single subcutaneous injection of TAA (100 mg/kg b. w.) was administered to all the rats in Group-II to VI on 1st day to induce hepatorenal damage. Group I served as a normal control while Group II served as toxic control for comparison purpose. Experimental animals in Group III, IV, and V were supplemented with fresh CM, (250 mL/24 h/cage), NSO (2 mL/kg/day p. o.), and NSO + fresh CM, respectively. Group VI was treated with a polyherbal hepatoprotective Unani medicine Jigreen (2 mL/kg/day p. o.) for 21 days. TAA-induced hepatorenal damage and protective effects of CM and NSO were assessed by analyzing liver and kidney function tests in the serum. Histopathology of liver and kidney tissues was also carried out to corroborate the findings of biochemical investigation., RESULTS: The results indicated that the TAA intoxicated rats showed significant increase in the alanine transaminase, aspartate transaminase, gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase, alkaline phosphatase, lipid profile, urea, creatinine, uric acid, sodium, and potassium levels in serum. Treatment of rats with CM, NSO, and CM plus NSO combination and Jigreen significantly reversed the damage and brought down the serum biochemical parameters and lipid profile toward the normal levels. The histopathological studies also support the hepato and nephroprotective effects of CM and NSO., CONCLUSION: This study demonstrated the ameliorative effects of CM, NSO, and CM plus NSO combination against TAA-induced hepatorenal toxicity in rats., SUMMARY: The antihepatotxic potential of Camel's Milk (CM) and Nigella sativa oil (NSO) against thioacetamide (TAA) induced hepatorenal toxicity was evaluated in ratsThe oral administration of fresh CM (250 mL/24h/cage), NSO (2 mL/kg/day) and NSO+fresh CM and Jigreen (2 mL/kg/day) for 21 days significantly decreased the hepatorenal toxicity as evidenced from analyzed biochemical parameters in serum and histopathological studies of liver and kidney tissuesThis study demonstrated the ameliorative effects of CM and NSO against TAA induced hepatorenal toxicity. Abbreviations used: CM: Camel milk; NS: Nigella sativa; NSO: Nigella sativa Oil; TAA: Thioacetamide; S.C.: Subcutaneous; Jig: Jigreen; b.w.: Body Weight; mL: Milli liter; mg: Milli gram; g: Gram; Kg: Kilo gram; ALT: Alanine transaminase; AST: Aspartate transaminase; GGT: Gamma-Glutamyl Transpeptidase; ALP: Alkaline Phosphatase; TC: Total Cholesterol; HDL-C: High Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol; LDL-C: Low Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol; TG: Triglyceride; TB: Total bilirubin; K+: Potassium; Na+: Sodium; CCl4: Carbon Tetrachloride; degreeC: Degree Celsius; p.o.: Per Oral; RPM: Revolutions per minute; H&E: Hematoxylin and Eosin; SEM: Standard Error of Mean; ANOVA: The one-way analysis of variance.
Effect of Lactobacillus casei strain Shirota-fermented milk on metabolic abnormalities in obese prediabetic Japanese men: a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.; An obesity-related prediabetic state is characterised by metabolic abnormalities such as post-glucose load hyperglycaemia and dyslipidaemia and consequently increases the risk for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. This study aimed to investigate the effects of Lactobacillus casei strain Shirota (LcS) on metabolic abnormalities in obese prediabetic subjects in a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Herein, 100 obese subjects (body mass index >=25), who had moderate post-load hyperglycaemia (1-hr post-load plasma glucose (PG) levels >=180 mg/dl during the oral glucose tolerance test), consumed LcS-fermented milk or placebo milk daily for 8 weeks. The post-load PG and fasting blood markers were evaluated. Although post-load PG levels were not significantly different between the groups, 1-hr post-load PG, glycoalbumin, and HbA1c levels decreased at 8 weeks compared with the baseline levels only in the LcS group (p=0.036, p=0.002, and p=0.006, respectively). The reduction in glycoalbumin levels was statistically significantly greater in the LcS group than in the placebo group (p=0.030). Stratified analyses revealed significantly improved 1-hr post-load PG and glycoalbumin levels in the LcS group compared with the placebo group among subjects with severe glucose intolerance (2-hr post-load PG levels higher than the median at baseline; p=0.036 and p=0.034, respectively). In terms of lipidic outcomes, total, low-density lipoprotein, and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels were significantly lower in the LcS group than in the placebo group (p=0.023, p=0.022, and p=0.008, respectively). These findings suggest that LcS may favourably affect metabolic abnormalities in obese prediabetic subjects, though the effects on glycaemic control may be limited.
Effects of different dietary ratio of metabolizable glucose and metabolizable protein on growth performance, rumen fermentation, blood biochemical indices and ruminal microbiota of 8 to 10-month-old dairy heifers.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this experiment was to evaluate the effects of different dietary ratio of metabolizable glucose (MG) to metabolizable protein (MP) on growth performance, blood metabolites, rumen fermentation parameters and the ruminal microbial community of 8 to 10-month-old heifers., METHODS: A total of 24 Holstein heifers weighing an average of 282.90 kg (8 month of age) were randomly assigned to four groups of six. The heifers were fed one of four diets of different dietary MG/MP (0.97, 1.07, 1.13, and 1.26)., RESULTS: The results showed that the ratio of MG/MP affected the growth performance, blood metabolites, rumen fermentation parameters and the ruminal microbial community of heifers. The average daily gain of heifers was enhanced by increasing the ratio of MG/MP (p<0.05). The concentration of blood urea nitrogen, cholesterol, and low density lipoprotein cholesterol as well as the concentration of total volatile fatty acid in the rumen fluid of heifers decreased with the improvement in the ratio of dietary MG/MP (p<0.05). However, the relative amount of Ruminococcus albus and Butyrivibrio fibrisolvens in the rumen of heifers was increased significantly (p<0.05) when the dietary MG/MP increased. At the same time, with the improvement in dietary MG/MP, the amount of Fibrobacter succinogenes increased (p = 0.08)., CONCLUSION: A diet with an optimal ratio (1.13) of MG/MP was beneficial for the improvement of growth, rumen fermentation, dietary protein and energy utilization of 8 to 10-month-old dairy heifers in this experiment.
Effects of TNF receptor blockade on in vitro cell survival and response to negative energy balance in dairy cattle.; BACKGROUND: Associative data and some controlled studies suggest that the inflammatory cytokine tumor necrosis factor (TNF) alpha can induce fatty liver in dairy cattle. However, research demonstrating that TNFalpha is a necessary component in the etiology of bovine fatty liver is lacking. The aim of this work was to evaluate whether blocking TNFalpha signaling with a synthetic cyclic peptide (TNF receptor loop peptide; TRLP) would improve liver metabolic function and reduce triglyceride accumulation during feed restriction., RESULTS: Capability of TRLP to inhibit TNFalpha signaling was confirmed on primary bovine hepatocytes treated with recombinant bovine TNFalpha and 4 doses of TRLP (0, 1, 10, 50 mumol/L) over 24 h. Next, 4 lactating Holstein cows (parity 1.4 +/- 0.5, 433 +/- 131 d in milk) in an incomplete Latin rectangle design (3 x 2) were subcutaneously administered with different TRLP doses (0, 1.5, 3.0 mg/kg BW) every 4 h for 24 h, followed by an intravenous injection of TNFalpha (5 mug/kg BW). Before and for 2 h after TNFalpha injection, TRLP decreased plasma non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA) concentration (P <= 0.05), suggesting an altered metabolic response to inflammation. Finally, 10 non-pregnant, non-lactating Holstein cows (3.9 +/- 1.1 yr of age) were randomly assigned to treatments: control (carrier: 57% DMSO in PBS) or TRLP (1.75 mg TRLP /kg BW per day). Treatments were administrated every 4 h for 7 d by subcutaneous injection to feed-restricted cows fed 30% of maintenance energy requirements. Daily blood samples were analyzed for glucose, insulin, beta-hydroxybutyrate, NEFA, and haptoglobin concentrations, with no treatment effects detected. On d 7, cows completed a glucose tolerance test (GTT) by i.v. administration of a dextrose bolus (300 mg glucose/kg BW). Glucose, insulin, and NEFA responses failed to demonstrate any significant effect of treatment during the GTT. However, plasma and liver analyses were not indicative of dramatic lipolysis or hepatic lipidosis, suggesting that the feed restriction protocol failed to induce the metabolic state of interest. Injection site inflammation, assessed by a scorer blinded to treatment, was enhanced by TRLP compared to control., CONCLUSIONS: Although the TRLP inhibited bovine TNFalpha signaling and altered responses to i.v. administration of TNFalpha, repeated use over 7 d caused apparent local allergic responses and it failed to alter metabolism during a feed restriction-induced negative energy balance. Although responses to feed restriction seemed atypical in this study, side effects of TRLP argue against its future use as a tool for investigating the role of inflammation in metabolic impacts of negative energy balance.
Effect of rapeseed meal supplementation to gestation diet on reproductive performance, blood profiles and milk composition of sows.; OBJECTIVE: This experiment evaluated the effect of dietary supplementation levels of rapeseed meal (RSM) in gestation diets on reproductive performance, blood profiles, milk composition of sows, and growth of their progeny., METHODS: A total of 55 mixed-parity sows (YorkshirexLandrace; average parity = 3.82) with an initial body weight (BW) of 193.0 kg were used in this experiment. Sows were allotted to one of 5 treatments at breeding based on BW and backfat thickness in a completely randomized design. Treatments consisted of dietary RSM supplementation levels (0%, 3%, 6%, 9%, and 12%) in gestation diets. During lactation all sows were fed a common lactation diet with no RSM supplementation., RESULTS: Body weight, backfat thickness, litter size, lactation feed intake, and milk composition of sows, and growth of their progeny were not different among dietary treatments. In blood profiles, a quadratic increase (Quadratic, p<0.05) in serum triiodothyronine (T3) concentration and a linear increase (Linear, p<0.01) in serum thyroxine (T4) concentration were observed at d 110 of gestation as dietary RSM supplementation levels increased. However, serum T3 and T4 concentrations in lactating sows and their piglets were not affected by RSM supplementation of gestation diets. Concentrations of serum total cholesterol and low density lipoprotein cholesterol in sows were not influenced by dietary treatments, whereas serum glucose level in sows decreased linearly at d 110 of gestation (Linear, p<0.05) by increasing dietary RSM supplementation in gestation diets., CONCLUSION: The RSM could be supplemented to gestation diets up to 12% with no detrimental effects on reproductive performance and growth of their progeny. However, increasing supplementation levels of RSM in gestation diets may increase serum T3 and T4 concentrations and decrease serum glucose concentration of sows in late gestation.
The effects of whole milk compared to skim milk and apple juice consumption in breakfast on appetite and energy intake in obese children: a three-way randomized crossover clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: A limited number of studies have examined the effect of dairy on satiety and short-term energy intake among children; furthermore we are not aware of any study comparing high and low-fat dairy products regarding their effect on appetite and short-term energy intake. Our objective was to assess the effect skim milk (SM) compared to whole milk (WM) and apple juice (AJ) on satiety and energy intake at lunch among 10-12 y children with obesity., METHODS: Fifty children with obesity who aged 10-12 y were randomized to consume a fixed content breakfast with 240 ml of SM, AJ, or WM for two consecutive days. The study was a three-way randomized crossover study; therefore each participant served as his/her own control. The total appetite, hunger, fullness, desire to eat and prospective consumption were measured using a visual analogue scale (VAS) before breakfast and every one hour after breakfast until a freely consumed lunch. VAS scores and energy intakes were compared using repeated measures procedure., RESULTS: Forty-eight participants (24 girls and 24 boys) completed the study. The energy intake was not different between SM, AJ and WM periods (adjusted mean +/- standard error (SE) of energy intake: SM = 831.27 +/- 30.64 Kcal, AJ = 794.92 +/- 28.72 Kcal, WM = 798.87 +/- 24.09 Kcal; P = 0.56). The effect was the same for either gender. Children reported higher satiety score 4 h after drinking WM with breakfast compared with SM (P < 0.05). The same association was found only in girls. Furthermore, SM significantly reduced appetite compared to AJ, 2 h after preloads in girls (P < 0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: Full-fat milk may have favorable effects on satiety but not energy intake in subsequent meal compared to skim milk among the children with obesity. Future studies with longer follow-up periods are needed to confirm these results., TRIAL REGISTRATION: The study protocol was registered with the Iranian registry of clinical trials on 9th October 2016 (registration ID: IRCT2016072012571N5). Copyright © The Author(s). 2018.
Hepatoprotective Effect of Camel Milk on Poloxamer 407 Induced Hyperlipidaemic Wistar Rats.; AIM: To investigate the effect of oral administration of camel milk on liver enzymes, total proteins and histology of poloxamer 407 induced hyperlipidaemic wistar rats., MATERIAL AND METHODS: Thirty male wistar rats weighing between 150-200 g were randomly assigned into six groups of five each; group I: administered distilled water, group II: induced with P407, group III: induced with P407 and treated with atorvastatin (20 mg/kg) and groups IV, V and VI: induced with P407 and treated with camel milk 250 mg/kg, 500 mg/kg and 1000 mg/kg respectively. After three weeks, blood samples and liver tissues were collected for the determination of alkaline phospatase (ALP), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), total protein, albumin, globulin, albumin/globulin ratio and histological studies respectively., RESULTS: All camel milk treated groups showed significant (p < 0.05) decrease in ALT and AST. Camel milk treated groups; 250 mg/kg and 1000mg/kg showed significant (p < 0.05) decrease in total protein, globulin with all camel milk treated groups having significant (p < 0.05) increase in A/G ratio. Histological examination of liver tissues showed that camel milk at a dose of 250 mg/kg had slight adipocytes infiltration., CONCLUSION: The results of our findings highlight the hepatoprotective effect of camel milk in poloxamer 407 induced hyperlipidaemic wistar rats.
Chia seed (Salvia Hispanica L.) added yogurt reduces short-term food intake and increases satiety: randomised controlled trial.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Several studies have reported that consumption of Salvia Hispanica L.,commonly known as chia seed, may exert beneficial effects on health outcomes. The main purpose of this study was to examine the influence of chia seed consumption as a mid-morning snack on short-term satiety., SUBJECTS/METHODS: Subjects (n = 24) were tested using a randomized, cross-over design consisting of three mid-morning snacks. Yogurt with no chia seed, yogurt with 7 g chia seed, and yogurt with 14 g chia seed were given to subjects on different test days. After subjects were asked to report visual analog scale (VAS) scores on sensory outcomes, ad libitum lunch was served, and energy intake of individuals was measured., RESULTS: VAS scores indicated that participants reported significantly lower scores for hunger (P = 0.033), prospective food consumption (P = 0.031), amounts of food that could be consumed (P = 0.017), desire for sugary foods (P = 0.015), and higher scores for satiety (P = 0.031) on the test days with 7 g and 14 g chia seed. Energy intake of individuals during ad libitum lunch was significantly lower when they consumed yogurt with 7 g or 14 g chia seed (P = 0.037)., CONCLUSIONS: The study demonstrated that chia seed consumption as a mid-morning snack may induce short-term satiety in healthy individuals.
Sandalwood Oil and Turmeric-Based Cream Prevents Ionizing Radiation-Induced Dermatitis in Breast Cancer Patients: Clinical Study.; Background: The primary objective of this study was to ascertain the benefit of Vicco turmeric Ayurvedic cream (VTC; Vicco Laboratories, Mumbai, India) sandalwood oil and turmeric-based cream in preventing radiodermatitis in women undergoing curative radiotherapy for their breast cancer. Methods and Materials: The study was an investigator-blinded randomized study with Johnsons Baby Oil (JBO; Johnson & Johnson Ltd., Baddi, India) as a comparator, administered daily from the start of radiation therapy for 5 weeks in women receiving breast radiation therapy, 50 Gy in 2 Gy fractions daily for 5 weeks. The endpoints were to ascertain the delay in the appearance and the degree of severity of dermatitis throughout the study period in accordance to the Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) score. Results: The results indicated that the topical application of VTC delayed and mitigated the radiodermatitis. When compared to the Johnson's Baby Oil, a significant decrease (p = 0.025) in the incidence of grade 1 was seen at week two, and also in grade 2 and 3 at week 3 (p = 0.003) and week 4 (p = 0.02), respectively, in the VTC cohort. A concomitant decrease in the average severity was also observed at week 2 (p = 0.02), week 3 (p = 0.05) and week 4 (p = 0.03)., CONCLUSIONS: The results indicate that VTC cream significantly reduces radiation dermatitis when applied to the breast during and after radiation therapy. The result of this study indicates the beneficial effects. Double blind randomized control studies are required to further confirm the beneficial effects of VTC in mitigating radiodermatitis is people undergoing radiation treatment for their cancer.
The Paget Trial: A Multicenter, Observational Cohort Intervention Study for the Clinical Efficacy, Safety, and Immunological Response of Topical 5% Imiquimod Cream for Vulvar Paget Disease.; BACKGROUND: Vulvar Paget disease is a rare skin disorder, which is most common in postmenopausal Caucasian women. They usually present with an erythematous plaque that may show fine or typical "cake icing" scaling or ulceration that may cause itching, pain, irritation, or a burning sensation. Although most cases are noninvasive, vulvar Paget disease may be invasive or associated with an underlying vulvar or distant adenocarcinoma. The histological evidence of so-called "Paget cells" with abundant pale cytoplasm in the epithelium confirms the diagnosis. The origin of these Paget cells is still unclear. Treatment of choice is wide local excision with negative margins. Obtaining clear surgical margins is challenging and may lead to extensive and mutilating surgery. Even then, recurrence rates are high, ranging from 15% to 70%, which emphasizes the need for new treatment options. A number of case reports, retrospective case series, and one observational study have shown promising results using the topical immune response modifier imiquimod., OBJECTIVE: This study aims to investigate the efficacy, safety, and immunological response in patients with noninvasive vulvar Paget disease using a standardized treatment schedule with 5% imiquimod cream., METHODS: Topical 5% imiquimod cream might be an effective and safe treatment alternative for vulvar Paget disease. The Paget Trial is a multicenter observational cohort study including eight tertiary referral hospitals in the Netherlands. It is ethically approved by the Medical-Ethical Committee of Arnhem-Nijmegen and registered in the Central Committee on Research Involving Human Subjects (CCMO) Register by as NL51648.091.14. Twenty patients with (recurrent) noninvasive vulvar Paget disease will be treated with topical 5% imiquimod cream three times a week for 16 weeks. The primary efficacy outcome is the reduction in lesion size at 12 weeks after end of treatment. Secondary outcomes are safety, immunological response, and quality of life. Safety will be assessed by evaluation of adverse events and tolerability of treatment. To evaluate the immunological response, various immunological markers will be tested on biopsy specimens taken before, during, and after treatment. Quality of life will be assessed with three questionnaires taken before, during, and after treatment., RESULTS: First results are expected in the summer of 2018., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02385188; https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02385188 (Archived by WebCite at http://www.webcitation.org/6sXygHuhP). Copyright ©Michelle van der Linden, Kim Meeuwis, Colette van Hees, Eleonora van Dorst, Johan Bulten, Tjalling Bosse, Joanna IntHout, Dorry Boll, Brigitte Slangen, Manon van Seters, Marc van Beurden, Mariette van Poelgeest, Joanne de Hullu. Originally published in JMIR Research Protocols (http://www.researchprotocols.org), 06.09.2017.
Pharmacodynamics and Medicinal Chemistry of an External Chinese Herbal Formula for Mammary Precancerous Lesions.; Ruyan Neixiao Cream (RYNXC) is a traditional Chinese herbal formula for treating mammary precancerous disease. This study was carried out to investigate in vivo anticancer effect of RYNXC and multiple constituents. 32 virginal Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly divided into blank control group (BC), mammary precancer models group (MODEL), tamoxifen group (TAM), and Ruyan Neixiao Cream group (RYNXC). TAM was intervened by tamoxifen; RYNXC was intervened by Ruyan Neixiao Cream. The chromatographic separation was performed by high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) coupled with mass spectrometry (MS). RYNXC showed significant improvement in erythrocyte aggregation index (EAI), hematocrit (HCT), fibrinogen (FIB), spleen coefficient, and uterus coefficient compared with MODEL. In RYNXC and TAM groups, atypical hyperplasia was observed in pathological mammary tissues; meanwhile in MODEL group, ductal carcinoma was observed in situ. Moreover, fifteen compounds were characterized according to HPLC-MS data, including organic acids, tannin, alkaloid, volatile oil, anthraquinones, and flavonoids. The study suggests that RYNXC was an effective Chinese herbal formula for mammary precancerous lesions and provides a scientific basis for the quality standard and the pharmacology of RYNXC. It will be beneficial to the future clinical application of RYNXC.
Combined Interval Training and Post-exercise Nutrition in Type 2 Diabetes: A Randomized Control Trial.; Background: High-intensity interval training (HIIT) can improve several aspects of cardiometabolic health. Previous studies have suggested that adaptations to exercise training can be augmented with post-exercise milk or protein consumption, but whether this nutritional strategy can impact the cardiometabolic adaptations to HIIT in type 2 diabetes is unknown. Objective: To determine if the addition of a post-exercise milk or protein beverage to a high-intensity interval training (HIIT) intervention improves cardiometabolic health in individuals with type 2 diabetes. Design: In a proof-of-concept, double-blind clinical trial 53 adults with uncomplicated type 2 diabetes were randomized to one of three nutritional beverages (500 mL skim-milk, macronutrient control, or flavored water placebo) consumed after exercise (3 days/week) during a 12 week low-volume HIIT intervention. HIIT involved 10 X 1-min high-intensity intervals separated by 1-min low-intensity recovery periods. Two sessions per week were cardio-based (at ~90% of heart rate max) and one session involved resistance-based exercises (at RPE of 5-6; CR-10 scale) in the same interval pattern. Continuous glucose monitoring (CGM), glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), body composition (dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry), cardiorespiratory fitness ([Formula: see text]), blood pressure, and endothelial function (%FMD) were measured before and after the intervention. Results: There were significant main effects of time (all p < 0.05) but no difference between groups (Interaction: all p > 0.71) for CGM 24-h mean glucose (-0.5 +/- 1.1 mmol/L), HbA1c (-0.2 +/- 0.4%), percent body fat (-0.8 +/- 1.6%), and lean mass (+1.1 +/- 2.8 kg). Similarly, [Formula: see text] (+2.5 +/- 1.6 mL/kg/min) and %FMD (+1.4 +/- 1.9%) were increased, and mean arterial blood pressure reduced (-6 +/- 7 mmHg), after 12 weeks of HIIT (all p < 0.01) with no difference between beverage groups (Interaction: all p > 0.11). Conclusion:  High-intensity interval training is a potent stimulus for improving several important metabolic and cardiovascular risk factors in type 2 diabetes. The benefits of HIIT are not augmented by the addition of post-exercise protein.
Vitamin D ointment for prevention of radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients.; Radiation dermatitis occurs frequently during adjuvant radiation therapy for breast cancer. Prevention of radiation dermatitis by applying various creams and ointments has a limited success, and Aqua cream which has urea as one of its active ingredients is used in many institutions as a preventive treatment. The primary goal of this study is to assess the effect of vitamin D (calcipotriol) ointment in prevention of radiodermatitis in breast cancer patients compared to Aqua cream. Twenty-three women with localized breast cancer who underwent breast-conserving surgery and opted to receive adjuvant radiotherapy to breast only were enrolled in this study. A cream containing an active vitamin D analog, calcipotriol (Daivonex), was randomly applied either to the medial or to the lateral half of the irradiated breast, while Aqua cream was applied to the complimentary half of the same breast along the whole treatment days, each day, after the delivery of radiation. Skin reaction was recorded and compared between the two halves of the breast. Vitamin D was well tolerated by patients with no local or systemic allergic reactions. Radiation dermatitis was not significantly different between both treatment arms. Topical vitamin D ointment is not superior to Aqua cream for prevention of radiation-induced dermatitis in women treated with adjuvant radiation for breast cancer.
Development of an Evidence-Informed Blog to Promote Healthy Eating Among Mothers: Use of the Intervention Mapping Protocol.; BACKGROUND: Low adherence to dietary guidelines and a concurrent rise of obesity-related chronic diseases emphasize the need for effective interventions to promote healthy eating. There is growing recognition that behavior change interventions should draw on theories of behavior change. Online interventions grounded in theory lead to increased effectiveness for health behavior change; however, few theory-driven social media-based health promotion interventions have been described in the literature., OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to describe the application of the Intervention Mapping (IM) protocol to develop an evidence-informed blog to promote healthy eating among French-Canadian mothers of preschool and school-aged children., METHODS: The following six steps of the IM protocol were performed. In Step 1, a preliminary needs assessment included a literature search on theoretical domains predicting Vegetables and Fruits intakes and Milk and Alternatives intakes in adults (ie, knowledge, beliefs about capabilities, beliefs about consequences, intention/goals) and a qualitative study including focus groups to identify female Internet users' perceptions of their use of healthy eating blogs. In Step 2, two behavioral outcomes were selected (ie, increase daily intakes of Vegetables and Fruits and Milk and Alternatives of mothers to reach Canadian dietary recommendations) and subsequently divided into six performance objectives inspired by national and international dietary recommendations such as planning for healthy meals. A matrix of change objectives was then created by crossing performance objectives with theoretical domains predicting Vegetables and Fruits intakes and Milk and Alternatives intakes in adults. Step 3 consisted of selecting theory-based intervention methods (eg, modeling and goal setting) and translating them into practical applications for the context of a dietary intervention delivered through a blog. A 6-month intervention was developed in Step 4 in which we aimed to address one performance objective per month in weekly blog publications written by a registered dietitian. For Step 5, we sought to include engagement-promoting methods (eg, peer and counselor support) to promote mothers' use of the blog and adherence to the intervention. Finally in Step 6, a randomized controlled trial has been launched to evaluate the effects of the blog on dietary behaviors of French-Canadian mothers., RESULTS: The intervention study is expected to be completed in March 2018., CONCLUSIONS: An intervention mapping protocol allowed for effective decision making in the development of a novel knowledge translation tool to increase adherence to dietary recommendations among mothers of preschool and school-aged children. Copyright ©Audree-Anne Dumas, Simone Lemieux, Annie Lapointe, Veronique Provencher, Julie Robitaille, Sophie Desroches. Originally published in JMIR Research Protocols (http://www.researchprotocols.org), 19.05.2017.
Supplementation with dairy calcium and/or flaxseed fibers in conjunction with orlistat augments fecal fat excretion without altering ratings of gastrointestinal comfort.; BACKGROUND: Orlistat is a lipase inhibitor which reduced absorption of dietary fat by ~30% thereby inducing a weight loss; however, side effects occur as a consequence of increased colonic fat content. To test the hypothesis that most gastrointestinal side events induced by treatment with orlistat could be prevented/ameliorated by concomitant use of natural dietary components, flaxseed fiber (FF) and/or dairy calcium (Ca), binding liquid fats to more solid complexes., METHODS: A randomized controlled dietary intervention study. Thirty-eight obese adults completed a 1-week run-in period, where all participants were treated with orlistat (60 mg t.i.d) and were hereafter randomized to 12 weeks dietary supplementation with/without 5 g FF (FF+/FF-) and/or 1200 mg dairy calcium (Ca+/Ca-) in conjunction with orlistat. All feces were collected for 3 days, and diet was recorded for 5 days, during run-in and week 4. The primary end-point, gastrointestinal symptoms, was assessed biweekly. At baseline and after 12 weeks, cardiometabolic risk markers and anthropometrics were evaluated as secondary end-points., RESULTS: Both FF and Ca increased fecal fat excretion (P = 0.02 and P = 0.04, respectively). Although fecal fat excretion increased by ~100% in the FF+/Ca + group, and only by ~12% in the FF-/Ca + group, no interaction between FF and Ca was present, suggesting an additive effect. The fecal fat excretion was ~10 g/d higher with FF and Ca (~25 g/d) compared to fecal fat excretion with orlistat alone (~15 g/d). Mean ratings of severity of diarrhea tended to increase with Ca (P = 0.03) but not with FF. No other gastrointestinal symptoms, or a composite score of symptoms, were affected by the dietary supplements. Body weight was reduced in all groups but did not differ between groups, whereas waist circumference was most reduced in the FF+/Ca + group. No effects of dietary supplements on cardiometabolic risk factors were observed, except a slight increase in diastolic blood pressure (P = 0.03) with FF, but not Ca., CONCLUSIONS: Our results do not support an improvement in orlistat-induced gastrointestinal side effects by concomitant use of FF and Ca. However, fecal fat excretion was increased with both FF and Ca in the absence of a worsening of symptoms, warranting further studies powered to detect potential additive weight loss effects., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Ethical Committee of the Capital Region of Denmark reg. no. H-1-2010-110, 02-11-2010 database no. NCT01320228, 21-03-2011.
Supplementing a yeast probiotic to pre-weaning Holstein calves: Feed intake, growth and fecal biomarkers of gut health.; Diarrhea, resulting from gastrointestinal infection by pathogens, is a common cause of the high mortality and morbidity of neonatal calves. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of supplementing a yeast product in milk replacer (MR) on growth and health of calves, and on fecal populations of some targeted microorganisms related to calf health and growth (i.e., total bacteria, Escherichia coli, Clostridium cluster XIVa, Faecalibacterium prausnitzii and Bifidobacterium spp.). We hypothesized that feeding a Saccharomyces cerevisiae var boulardii (SCB) product would improve gastrointestinal health and growth performance of calves. Forty-two Holstein bull calves (42.6 +/- 0.77 kg at birth) were randomly assigned on day 2 of age to either a control or SCB treatment. The SCB was supplemented in MR and fed at 5 g/d per head to supply 10 billion colony-forming units per day. All calves received high quality colostrum (>50 mg/mL of immunoglobulin G) during the first 24 h of life, and were fed with 8 L MR (150 g/L mixed with 40 degreeC water) daily from day 2-35, and 4 L daily from day 35-42. Calves were also fed calf starter ad libitum from day 7-56. Daily MR and starter offered and refused, daily fecal scores, nasal scores, ear scores, and weekly body weight of calves were recorded. Fecal samples were collected on day 7, 35 and 56 after the first feeding of that day for microbial targets analysis. Overall, there is no serious disease challenge for all the calves during the entire experimental period. No differences were observed in MR intake, starter intake, metabolizable energy (ME) intake, average daily gain, ME intake to gain ratio, fecal score, nasal score, eye score or any targeted microorganisms between treatments throughout the experiment. These results suggest that supplementing SCB in MR has no additive effects on animal growth or fecal biomarkers of gut health when calves do not show deteriorated health status. Copyright © 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Associations of the MCM6-rs3754686 proxy for milk intake in Mediterranean and American populations with cardiovascular biomarkers, disease and mortality: Mendelian randomization.; Controversy persists on the association between dairy products, especially milk, and cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Genetic proxies may improve dairy intake estimations, and clarify diet-disease relationships through Mendelian randomization. We meta-analytically (n <= 20,089) evaluated associations between a lactase persistence (LP) SNP, the minichromosome maintenance complex component 6 (MCM6)-rs3754686C>T (nonpersistence>persistence), dairy intake, and CVD biomarkers in American (Hispanics, African-American and Whites) and Mediterranean populations. Moreover, we analyzed longitudinal associations with milk, CVD and mortality in PREDIMED), a randomized Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) intervention trial (n = 7185). The MCM6-rs3754686/MCM6-rs309180 (as proxy), LP-allele (T) was strongly associated with higher milk intake, but inconsistently associated with glucose and lipids, and not associated with CVD or total mortality in the whole population. Heterogeneity analyses suggested some sex-specific associations. The T-allele was associated with higher CVD and mortality risk in women but not in men (P-sex interaction:0.005 and 0.032, respectively), mainly in the MedDiet group. However, milk intake was not associated with CVD biomarkers, CVD or mortality either generally or in sub-groups. Although MCM6-rs3754686 is a good milk intake proxy in these populations, attributing its associations with CVD and mortality in Mediterranean women to milk is unwarranted, as other factors limiting the assumption of causality in Mendelian randomization may exist.
Pain relief for women with cervical intraepithelial neoplasia undergoing colposcopy treatment.; BACKGROUND: Pre-cancerous lesions of cervix (cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN)) are usually treated with excisional or ablative procedures. In the UK, the National Health Service (NHS) cervical screening guidelines suggest that over 80% of treatments should be performed in an outpatient setting (colposcopy clinics). Furthermore, these guidelines suggest that analgesia should always be given prior to laser or excisional treatments. Currently various pain relief strategies are employed that may reduce pain during these procedures., OBJECTIVES: To assess whether the administration of pain relief (analgesia) reduces pain during colposcopy treatment and in the postoperative period., SEARCH METHODS: We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2016, Issue 2), MEDLINE (1950 to March week 3, 2016) and Embase (1980 to week 12, 2016) for studies of any design relating to analgesia for colposcopic management. We also searched registers of clinical trials, abstracts of scientific meetings, reference lists of included studies and contacted experts in the field., SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared all types of pain relief before, during or after outpatient treatment to the cervix, in women with CIN undergoing loop excision, laser ablation, laser excision or cryosurgery in an outpatient colposcopy clinic setting., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: We independently assessed study eligibility, extracted data and assessed risk of bias. We entered data into Review Manager 5 and double checked it for accuracy. Where possible, we expressed results as mean pain score and standard error of the mean with 95% confidence intervals (CI) and synthesised data in a meta-analysis., MAIN RESULTS: We included 19 RCTs (1720 women) of varying methodological quality in the review. These trials compared a variety of interventions aimed at reducing pain in women who underwent treatment for CIN, including cervical injection with lignocaine alone, lignocaine with adrenaline, buffered lignocaine with adrenaline, prilocaine with felypressin, oral analgesics (non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs)), inhalation analgesia (gas mixture of isoflurane and desflurane), lignocaine spray, cocaine spray, local application of benzocaine gel, lignocaine-prilocaine cream (EMLA cream) and transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (TENS). Most comparisons were restricted to single trial analyses and were under-powered to detect differences in pain scores between treatments that may or may not have been present. There was no difference in pain relief between women who received local anaesthetic infiltration (lignocaine 2%; administered as a paracervical or direct cervical injection) and a saline placebo (mean difference (MD) -13.74; 95% CI -34.32 to 6.83; 2 trials; 130 women; low quality evidence). However, when local anaesthetic was combined with a vasoconstrictor agent (one trial used lignocaine plus adrenaline while the second trial used prilocaine plus felypressin), there was less pain (on visual analogue scale (VAS)) compared with no treatment (MD -23.73; 95% CI -37.53 to -9.93; 2 trials; 95 women; low quality evidence). Comparing two preparations of local anaesthetic combined with vasoconstrictor, prilocaine plus felypressin did not differ from lignocaine plus adrenaline for its effect on pain control (MD -0.05; 95% CI -0.26 to 0.16; 1 trial; 200 women). Although the mean (+/- standard deviation (SD)) observed blood loss score was less with lignocaine plus adrenaline (1.33 +/- 1.05) compared with prilocaine plus felypressin (1.74 +/- 0.98), the difference was not clinically as the overall scores in both groups were low (MD 0.41; 95% CI 0.13 to 0.69; 1 trial; 200 women). Inhalation of gas mixture (isoflurane and desflurane) in addition to standard cervical injection with prilocaine plus felypressin resulted in less pain during the LLETZ (loop excision of the transformation zone) procedure (MD -7.20; 95% CI -12.45 to -1.95; 1 trial; 389 women). Lignocaine plus ornipressin resulted in less measured blood loss (MD -8.75 ml; 95% CI -10.43 to -7.07; 1 trial; 100 women) and a shorter duration of treatment (MD -7.72 minutes; 95% CI -8.49 to -6.95; 1 trial; 100 women) than cervical infiltration with lignocaine alone. Buffered solution (sodium bicarbonate buffer mixed with lignocaine plus adrenaline) was not superior to non-buffered solution of lignocaine plus adrenaline in relieving pain during the procedure (MD -8.00; 95% CI -17.57 to 1.57; 1 trial; 52 women). One meta-analysis found no difference in pain using VAS between women who received oral analgesic and women who received placebo (MD -3.51; 95% CI -10.03 to 3.01; 2 trials; 129 women; low quality evidence). Cocaine spray was associated with less pain (MD -28.00; 95% CI -37.86 to -18.14; 1 trial; 50 women) and blood loss (MD 0.04; 95% CI 0 to 0.70; 1 trial; 50 women) than placebo.None of the trials reported serious adverse events and majority of trials were at moderate or high risk of bias (13 trials)., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: Based on two small trials, there was no difference in pain relief in women receiving oral analgesics compared with placebo or no treatment (MD -3.51; 95% CI -10.03 to 3.01; 129 women). We consider this evidence to be of a low to moderate quality. In routine clinical practice, intracervical injection of local anaesthetic with a vasoconstrictor (lignocaine plus adrenaline or prilocaine plus felypressin) appears to be the optimum analgesia for treatment. However, further high quality, adequately powered trials should be undertaken in order to provide the data necessary to estimate the efficacy of oral analgesics, the optimal route of administration and dose of local anaesthetics.
Relationship of newborn weight loss to milk supply concern and anxiety: the impact on breastfeeding duration.; Milk supply concern is the most common reason for breastfeeding discontinuation and maternal anxiety is also associated with reduced breastfeeding duration. Newborn excess weight loss (EWL) could trigger milk supply concern and anxiety and might be amenable to modification. Our objective was to determine the relationship between EWL and the development of milk supply concern and anxiety and the effect of such development on breastfeeding duration. We conducted a cohort analysis using data previously obtained from a randomised controlled trial comparing two post-hospital discharge follow-up strategies. For 1107 well, singleton infants born at >=34 weeks, we extracted data on all inpatient infant weights. EWL was defined as the loss of >=10% of birthweight. We surveyed mothers to obtain data on state anxiety and milk supply concern at birth and at 2 weeks. Our final outcome was breastfeeding at 6 months. Seventy (6.3%) infants developed EWL during the birth hospitalisation. At 2 weeks, milk supply concern and positive anxiety screen were more common (42% and 18%, respectively) among mothers whose infants had had EWL than among mothers whose infants had not had EWL (20% and 6%, respectively) (P < 0.001 for each comparison). Mothers with milk supply concern at 2 weeks were much less likely to be breastfeeding at 6 months, with odds ratio of 0.47 (0.30, 0.74) in multivariate analysis. EWL may increase milk supply concern and anxiety and these may reduce breastfeeding duration. Ameliorating EWL might alleviate milk supply concern and anxiety and improve breastfeeding duration. Copyright © 2015 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Recombinant Bile Salt-Stimulated Lipase in Preterm Infant Feeding: A Randomized Phase 3 Study.; INTRODUCTION: Feeding strategies are critical for healthy growth in preterm infants. Bile salt-stimulated lipase (BSSL), present in human milk, is important for fat digestion and absorption but is inactivated during pasteurization and absent in formula. This study evaluated if recombinant human BSSL (rhBSSL) improves growth in preterm infants when added to formula or pasteurized breast milk., PATIENTS AND METHODS: LAIF (Lipase Added to Infant Feeding) was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase 3 study in infants born before 32 weeks of gestation. The primary efficacy variable was growth velocity (g/kg/day) during 4 weeks intervention. Follow-up visits were at 3 and 12 months. The study was performed at 54 centers in 10 European countries., RESULTS: In total 415 patients were randomized (rhBSSL n = 207, placebo n = 208), 410 patients were analyzed (rhBSSL n = 206, placebo n = 204) and 365 patients were followed until 12 months. Overall, there was no significantly improved growth velocity during rhBSSL treatment compared to placebo (16.77 vs. 16.56 g/kg/day, estimated difference 0.21 g/kg/day, 95% CI [-0.40; 0.83]), nor were secondary endpoints met. However, in a predefined subgroup, small for gestational age infants, there was a significant effect on growth in favor of rhBSSL during treatment. The incidence of adverse events was higher in the rhBSSL group during treatment., CONCLUSIONS: Although this study did not meet its primary endpoint, except in a subgroup of infants small for gestational age, and there was an imbalance in short-term safety, these data provide insights in nutrition, growth and development in preterm infants., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01413581.
Vitamin A supplementation for postpartum women.; BACKGROUND: In areas where vitamin A deficiency (VAD) is a public health concern, the maternal dietary intake of vitamin A may be not sufficient to meet either the maternal nutritional requirements, or those of the breastfed infant, due the low retinol concentrations in breast milk., OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the effects of vitamin A supplementation for postpartum women on maternal and infant health., SEARCH METHODS: We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (8 February 2016), LILACS (1982 to December 2015), Web of Science (1945 to December 2015), and the reference lists of retrieved studies., SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) or cluster-randomised trials that assessed the effects of vitamin A supplementation for postpartum women on maternal and infant health (morbidity, mortality and vitamin A nutritional status)., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Two review authors independently assessed trials for inclusion, conducted data extraction, assessed risk of bias and checked for accuracy. We assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach., MAIN RESULTS: Fourteen trials of mainly low or unclear risk of bias, enrolling 25,758 women and infant pairs were included. The supplementation schemes included high, single or double doses of vitamin A (200,000 to 400,000 internation units (IU)), or 7.8 mg daily beta-carotene compared with placebo, no treatment, other (iron); or higher (400,000 IU) versus lower dose (200,000 IU). In all trials, a considerable proportion of infants were at least partially breastfed until six months. Supplement (vitamin A as retinyl, water-miscible or beta-carotene) 200,000 to 400,000 IU versus control (placebo or no treatment) Maternal: We did not find evidence that vitamin A supplementation reduced maternal mortality at 12 months (hazard ratio (HR) 1.01, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.44 to 2.21; 8577 participants; 1 RCT, moderate-quality evidence). Effects were less certain at six months (risk ratio (RR) 0.50, 95% CI 0.09 to 2.71; 564 participants; 1 RCT; low-quality evidence). The effect on maternal morbidity (diarrhoea, respiratory infections, fever) was uncertain because the quality of evidence was very low (50 participants, 1 RCT). We found insufficient evidence that vitamin A increases abdominal pain (RR 1.28, 95% CI 0.95 to 1.73; 786 participants; 1 RCT; low-quality evidence). We found low-quality evidence that vitamin A supplementation increased breast milk retinol concentrations by 0.20 micromol/L at three to three and a half months (mean difference (MD) 0.20 micromol/L, 95% CI 0.08 to 0.31; 837 participants; 6 RCTs). Infant: We did not find evidence that vitamin A supplementation reduced infant mortality at two to 12 months (RR 1.08, 95% CI 0.77 to 1.52; 6090 participants; 5 RCTs; low-quality evidence). Effects on morbidity (gastroenteritis at three months) was uncertain (RR 6.03, 95% CI 0.30 to 121.82; 84 participants; 1 RCT; very low-quality evidence). There was low-quality evidence for the effect on infant adverse outcomes (bulging fontanelle at 24 to 48 hours) (RR 2.00, 95% CI 0.61 to 6.55; 444 participants; 1 RCT). Supplement (vitamin A as retinyl) 400,000 IU versus 200,000 IUThree studies (1312 participants) were included in this comparison. None of the studies assessed maternal mortality, maternal morbidity or infant mortality. Findings from one study showed that there may be little or no difference in infant morbidity between the doses (diarrhoea, respiratory illnesses, and febrile illnesses) (312 participants, data not pooled). No firm conclusion could be drawn on the impact on maternal and infant adverse outcomes (limited data available). The effect on breast milk retinol was also uncertain due to the small amount of information available., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: There was no evidence of benefit from different doses of vitamin A supplementation for postpartum women on maternal and infant mortality and morbidity, compared with other doses or placebo. Although maternal breast milk retinol concentrations improved with supplementation, this did not translate to health benefits for either women or infants. Few studies reported on maternal and infant mortality and morbidity. Future studies should include these important outcomes.
Cereals and pulse-based ready-to-use therapeutic food as an alternative to the standard milk- and peanut paste-based formulation for treating severe acute malnutrition: a noninferiority, individually randomized controlled efficacy clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: The cost of current standard ready-to-use therapeutic food (RUTF) is among the major obstacles to scaling up community-based management of acute malnutrition (CMAM), an important child survival strategy. Identifying a cheaper alternative is a global public health priority., OBJECTIVE: We sought to compare the efficacy of soya-maize-sorghum RUTF (SMS-RUTF) with that of standard peanut paste-based RUTF (P-RUTF)., DESIGN: We used a nonblinded, parallel-group, simple randomized controlled trial along with a day care approach that enrolled 2 groups of children aged 6-23 and 24-59 mo, respectively, with severe acute malnutrition (SAM)., RESULTS: Intention-to-treat (ITT) and per-protocol (PP) analyses showed noninferiority of SMS-RUTF compared with P-RUTF for the recovery rate [ITT: DELTA = -2.0% (95% CI: -7.6%, 3.6%); PP: -1.9% (95% CI: -5.3%, 1.4%)], weight gain [DELTA = -0.7 g . kg(-1). d(-1)(95% CI: -1.3, 0.0 g . kg(-1). d(-1))], and length of stay [DELTA = 2.0 d (95% CI: -1.7, 5.8 d)] in children >=24 mo of age. In children <=23 mo of age, the recovery rate of SMS-RUTF was inferior to that of P-RUTF [ITT: DELTA = -20.8% (95% CI: -29.9%, -11.7%); PP: -17.2% (95% CI: -25.6%, -8.7%)]. Treatment with SMS-RUTF resulted in a greater increase in hemoglobin [0.670 g/dL (95% CI: 0.420, 0.921 g/dL);P< 0.001]. Treatment with both RUTFs resulted in the replenishment of all of the amino acids tested except for methionine. There were no differences at discharge between RUTF groups in fat mass [DELTA = 0.3 kg (95% CI: -0.6, 1.6 kg);P= 0.341] or fat mass index [DELTA = 0.4 kg/m(2)(95% CI: -0.3, 1.1 kg/m(2));P= 0.262]. By contrast, comparisons of fat-free mass indicated lower concentrations than the community controls after treatment with either of the 2 RUTFs [DELTA = -1.3 kg (95% CI: -2.4, -0.1 kg) andP= 0.034 for comparison between community controls and the SMS-RUTF group; DELTA = -1.8 kg (95% CI: -2.9, -0.6 kg) andP= 0.003 for comparison between community controls and the P-RUTF group]., CONCLUSION: SMS-RUTF can be used to treat SAM in children aged >=24 mo to reduce the costs of CMAM programs. More research is required to optimize SMS-RUTF for younger children. This trial was registered in the Pan African Clinical Trial Registry as PACTR201303000475166. Copyright © 2016 American Society for Nutrition.
[Effect of milk enriched with phytosterol ester on blood cholesterol of patients with hypercholesterolemia: a randomized controlled trial].; OBJECTIVE: To study the effect of milk enriched with phytosterol ester on blood cholesterol., METHODS: Participants with hypercholesterolemia were recruited from community health center and randomly assigned to 3 groups: milk enriched with phytosterol ester group( PS group, n = 59), normal milk group( n = 58) and non-dairy group( n = 62). The intervention lasted for 2 months. At baseline, all subjects in the 3groups received health education on prevention and control of hypercholesterolemia. For PS and normal milk groups, subjects consumed 500 g milk per day, the intake ofphytosterol in PS group was 1. 58 g / d. For non-dairy group, subjects did not consume any dairy products during the trial. Subjects were assessed on their physical activity level and blood cholesterols were measured during monthly follow-up., RESULTS: Finally 157 subjects completed the trial. By the end of the first month, the TC and LDL-C levels of PS group were significantly lower than that of normal milk group. After adjustment, there was no significant difference between baseline and 1-month TC levels in PS group. The levels of TG and HDL-C in PS group were significantly increased while the LDL-C level was significantly decreased after 1-month intervention. Compared with normal milk and nondairy groups, no differences were observed for these four indicators. After 2-month intervention, the TC and LDL-C levels of PS group were significantly lower than that of normal milk and non-dairy groups. The levels of TC and LDL-C in PS group were significantly reduced compared to baseline levels after adjustment. TG level was increased while HDL-C level was unchanged. Compared with normal milk and non-dairy groups, the levels of TC and LDL-C in PS group were significantly declined while no significant difference was observed for TG and HDL-C levels., CONCLUSION: s Milk enriched with phytosterol ester has a notable effect on lowering TC and LDL-C levels in subjects with hypercholesterolemia.
Comparative Study between Talcum and Zinc Oxide Cream for the Prevention of Irritant Contact Diaper Dermatitis in Infants.; Background: Baby powder which consists of talcum powder (magnesium silicate) as an active ingredient has been popularly used for prevention of irritant contact diaper dermatitis for a long time because it has water absorbent and friction-decreased properties. There are some case reports of its side effects of pulmonary complication from massive inhalation and the risk of ovarian tumors in adult. However the clinical research on the effectiveness of talcum powder for the prevention of diaper dermatitis has not been investigated., Objective: To compare the effectiveness between talcum powder with topical zinc oxide cream for the prevention of irritant diaper dermatitis., Materials and Method: Fifty Thai infants at the age of 6-12 months old were randomized. Either topical talcum powder or zinc oxide cream was topically applied to their skin before changing new diapers. The follow-up were conducted at week 0, 2 and 8 to evaluate an occurrence of diaper dermatitis and to collect the median time-to-event data (the duration of disease occurrence). The clinical severity was assessed by using diaper dermatitis severity scoring scale and the side effects were recorded., Results: The average age of the infants was 8.8 months old. The incidence of irritant contact diaper dermatitis from the talcum group was 4 per 1,000 persons-day (95% confidence interval, 95% CI: 2-7) while the incidence of diaper dermatitis from the zinc oxide group was 2 per 1,000 persons-day (95% CI: 1-5). The median time-to-event outcome of diaper dermatitis for the talcum group was 19 days (interquartile range, IQR: 7-29) which was earlier than that of zinc oxide group, which was 39 days (IQR: 30-59). This showed statistically significant difference (p = 0.03, Log rank test). The average of disease duration of the talcum group (mean + SD) was 2.7+0.5 days whereas that of the zinc oxide group was 3.7+3.3 days. There is no significant difference between the two groups (p = 0.34). Most of the severity of the disease found in both groups is mild. The risk evaluation of diaper dermatitis at week 8, determined by using Cox proportional hazard analysis showed that the talcum group had 5.3 times greater risk than the zinc oxide group (hazard ratio, HR; 5.3, 95% confidence interval, CI: 1.4-20.0), with significant group difference (p = 0.01). There was no adverse effect detected on both groups., Conclusion: Topical zinc oxide cream was better than talcum powder for the prevention of irritant contact diaper dermatitis.
Gut microbiota mediated benefits of barley kernel products on metabolism, gut hormones, and inflammatory markers as affected by co-ingestion of commercially available probiotics: a randomized controlled study in healthy subjects.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Barley kernel based products have been shown to induce benefits on blood glucose regulation, cardio-metabolic risk markers and appetite regulating hormones in a time perspective of 11-16 h after intake. The mechanisms have been assigned to gut fermentation of indigestible carbohydrates. The purpose of the present study was to evaluate if the modulatory effects of barley on markers of metabolic- and appetite regulation are affected by a dietary background including a mixture of commercially available probiotics., METHODS: Barley kernel bread was included in the normal diet of 21 healthy subjects in two 4-day intervention periods; with (BB-pro) or without (BB) dietary supplement with a combination of probiotics (Bifidobacterium animalis DN-173 010, Lactobacillus reuteri DSM 17938, and Lactobacillus plantarum 299v). A white wheat flour based bread was included as a reference product (WWB-ref) in a separate 4-day bread intervention period. A cross-over design was applied concerning BB- and WWB-ref; the BB-pro intervention was last in the test sequence. The BB-pro intervention was preceded by 10 days priming with probiotics. The 4 day BB- and WWB-ref intervention periods included dietary supplementation with placebo, and the interventions were preceded with 10 days priming with the placebo. The day after each intervention period, blood samples were collected at fasting and postprandially after a standardized breakfast (0-210 min) for determination of markers of glucose metabolism (blood glucose, serum (s-) insulin), inflammation (s-IL-6, s-IL-18, s-CRP, PAI-1), and concentrations of gut derived hormones involved in satiety and glucose homeostasis (plasma (p-) PYY, p-GLP-1) and intestinal barrier integrity (p-GLP-2). Breath hydrogen was determined as a marker of colonic fermentation., RESULTS: Four days intervention with BB, in comparison to WWB-ref, lowered blood glucose response after a subsequent standardized breakfast (0-210 min, P < 0.05). BB and BB-pro interventions increased p-GLP-1 (0-120 min, P < 0.05) and breath H2 (0-210 min, P < 0.05). BB-pro intervention, in comparison to BB and WWB-ref, increased levels of s-PAI-1 (P < 0.05), and p-GLP-2 (0-210 min, P < 0.05) after the standardized breakfast., CONCLUSIONS: With the exception of increased p-GLP-2 and an unexpected increase in s-PAI-1 concentrations, co-ingestion of a mixture of probiotics did not affect the metabolic outcome of BB; neither positively nor importantly negatively. The study was registered at: ClinicalTrials.gov, register number NCT01718418 (www.clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT01718418). Copyright © 2016 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Comprehensive Review of the Impact of Dairy Foods and Dairy Fat on Cardiometabolic Risk.; Because regular-fat dairy products are a major source of cholesterol-raising saturated fatty acids (SFAs), current US and Canadian dietary guidelines for cardiovascular health recommend the consumption of low-fat dairy products. Yet, numerous randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have reported rather mixed effects of reduced- and regular-fat dairy consumption on blood lipid concentrations and on many other cardiometabolic disease risk factors, such as blood pressure and inflammation markers. Thus, the focus on low-fat dairy in current dietary guidelines is being challenged, creating confusion within health professional circles and the public. This narrative review provides perspective on the research pertaining to the impact of dairy consumption and dairy fat on traditional and emerging cardiometabolic disease risk factors. This comprehensive assessment of evidence from RCTs suggests that there is no apparent risk of potential harmful effects of dairy consumption, irrespective of the content of dairy fat, on a large array of cardiometabolic variables, including lipid-related risk factors, blood pressure, inflammation, insulin resistance, and vascular function. This suggests that the purported detrimental effects of SFAs on cardiometabolic health may in fact be nullified when they are consumed as part of complex food matrices such as those in cheese and other dairy foods. Thus, the focus on low-fat dairy products in current guidelines apparently is not entirely supported by the existing literature and may need to be revisited on the basis of this evidence. Future studies addressing key research gaps in this area will be extremely informative to better appreciate the impact of dairy food matrices, as well as dairy fat specifically, on cardiometabolic health. Copyright © 2016 American Society for Nutrition.
Effects of Bifidobacterium animalis lactis HN019 (DR10TM), inulin, and micronutrient fortified milk on faecal DR10TM, immune markers, and maternal micronutrients among Indonesian pregnant women.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Maternal nutrition affects fetal growth and development. This study evaluates the effects of milk powder fortified with micronutrients, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), a prebiotic, and probiotic Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis HN019 DR10TM on the micronutrient status, as well as the presence of faecal probiotic and immune markers in pregnant women., METHODS AND STUDY DESIGN: This randomised, double- blind, placebo-controlled trial was conducted at Budi Kemuliaan and Cipto Mangunkusumo Hospital in Jakarta from 2013 to 2014. A total of 104 participants were randomly allocated to receive either completely enriched milk powder (intervention group) or iron- and vitamin folic-acid-enriched milk powder (control group). Data were collected using standardised measures and were statistically analysed using the independent t or Mann-Whitney test., RESULTS: At the baseline, the micronutrient status of the participants was acceptable, except for 25-OH-vitamin D, in both the intervention and control groups. Vitamin B-1, zinc, total free fatty acid, linoleic acid, arachidonic acid, and DHA were significantly higher in the intervention group in the second trimester (p=0.014, 0.028, 0.023, 0.014, 0.001, and 0.032, respectively). Interleukin-6 and tumor necrosis factor-alpha levels did not significantly vary during pregnancy. B. animalis subsp. lactis DR10TM was present in the faeces of the intervention group but not the control group (61.1% vs 0%)., CONCLUSION: Milk fortified with a prebiotic, probiotic, DHA and micronutrients increases the faecal concentration of the organism used for fortification in Indonesian pregnant women. This may represent an improvement in intra-partum maternal gut health.
A family-centered lifestyle intervention for obese six- to eight-year-old children: Results from a one-year randomized controlled trial conducted in Montreal, Canada.; OBJECTIVES: Childhood obesity interventions should be family-centered and focused on lifestyle behaviours that achieve sustainable reductions in adiposity. The primary objective of this randomized controlled trial was to test a family-centered lifestyle intervention using Canada's Food and Physical Activity (PA) Guidelines to reduce body mass index-for-age z-scores (BAZ) in overweight and obese (OW/OB) children., METHODS: Children (n = 78; ages 6-8.5 years) were randomized to standard (StnTx) or modified (ModTx) interventions or control (Ctrl). Measurements at baseline and every three months for one year included: anthropometry, BAZ, waist circumference (WC), and dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry scans for percent body fat (%BF), fat mass (FM) and trunk fat mass. Fatty acids measured by gas chromatography were used to assess compliance to the milk and alternatives interventions during the first six months. Six intervention sessions were based on Canada's Food and PA Guidelines and individualized to meet the needs of the family. ModTx were advised to consume four milk and alternatives/day versus the recommended two (StnTx) and to preferentially engage in daily weight-bearing PA. Ctrl were provided the guidelines., RESULTS: Baseline anthropometry did not differ among groups. At 12 months (n = 73), all groups increased height (p < 0.001) and lean mass (p < 0.001). ModTx decreased BAZ (p < 0.001); %BF decreased in ModTx (p = 0.018), but not in StnTx (p = 0.997) or Ctrl (p = 0.998). FM, WC and trunk fat mass all significantly increased in Ctrl (p < 0.001). At baseline and three months, fatty acids did not differ among groups, however they did decrease in ModTx at six months [C14:0 (-0.07%, p = 0.053), C15:0 (-0.04%, p = 0.049), C17:0 (-0.09%, p = 0.036)]., CONCLUSION: Participating in a family centered-lifestyle intervention that focused on Canadian dietary and PA Guidelines and emphasized increasing milk and alternatives and weight-bearing PA had positive effects on reducing adiposity in OW/OB children. Guidelines are appropriate for the obese pediatric population but need to be individualized to meet the needs of the family. Additional studies are warranted to test the use of biochemical indices to assess compliance to milk and alternative intakes in OW/OB children participating in lifestyle interventions.
Whey and Casein Proteins and Medium-Chain Saturated Fatty Acids from Milk Do Not Increase Low-Grade Inflammation in Abdominally Obese Adults.; BACKGROUND: Low-grade inflammation is involved in the development of diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Inflammation can be modulated by dietary factors. Dairy products are rich in saturated fatty acids (SFA), which are known to possess pro-inflammatory properties. However, different fatty acid compositions may exert different effects. Other components such as milk proteins may exert anti-inflammatory properties which may compensate for the potential negative effects of SFAs. Generally, the available data suggest a neutral role of dairy product consumption on inflammation., AIM: To investigate the effects of, and potential interaction between, a dietary supplementation with whey protein and milk fat, naturally enriched in medium-chain SFA (MC-SFA), on inflammatory markers in abdominal obese adults., METHODS: The study was a 12-week, randomized, double-blinded, intervention study. Sixty-three adults were equally allocated to one of four groups which received a supplement of either 60 g/day whey or 60 g/day casein plus 63 g/day milk fat either high or low in MC-SFA content. Fifty-two subjects completed the study. Before and after the intervention, changes in plasma interleukin-6 (IL-6), interleukin-1 receptor antagonist (IL-1RA), high-sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP), adiponectin, and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) were measured. Changes in inflammatory genes in the subcutaneous adipose tissue were also documented., RESULTS: There were no differences in circulating inflammatory markers between protein types or fatty acid compositions in abdominally obese subjects, with the exception of an increase in adiponectin in response to high compared to low MC-SFA consumption in women. We found that combined dairy proteins and MC-SFAs influenced inflammatory gene expression in adipose tissue, while no effect was detected by dairy proteins or MC-SFA per se., CONCLUSION: Whey protein compared with casein and MC-SFA-enriched milk fat did not alter circulating markers of low-grade inflammation in abdominally obese subjects, except for an increase in circulating adiponectin in response to high MC-SFA in abdominally obese women.
Fortified Snack Reduced Anemia in Rural School-Aged Children of Haiti: A Cluster-Randomized, Controlled Trial.; BACKGROUND: Nutrition in the school-aged child matters for brain development and public policy investments globally. Our group previously conducted a trial in urban schools of Haiti to examine the effects of a fortified peanut butter snack, Vita Mamba, with limited findings for anemia., OBJECTIVE: We aimed to test the hypothesis that Vita Mamba, with systematic deworming in both study arms, would significantly reduce anemia among rural, school-aged children., METHODS: A cluster, randomized longitudinal study was conducted in two rural communities of the North-East Department of Haiti, 2014-2015. Healthy children ages 3-16 years were enrolled (n = 321) and assigned by school to intervention (Vita Mamba and deworming) and control (deworming). Vita Mamba contains 260 kcal and meets >75% of the Recommended Dietary Allowance for critical micronutrients. Multivariate regression analyses including propensity score matching techniques to correct for potential group imbalance (Kernel-based Matching and Propensity Score Weighting) were applied to examine difference-in-difference intervention effects., RESULTS: At baseline, 51% of the children were anemic with no significant differences between study groups. Vita Mamba supplementation showed a consistent, positive effect across regression models on increasing Hb concentration and reducing the odds of anemia compared to the control group after adjusting for child age, vitamin A supplementation, milk consumption, and height-for-age z score. The average treatment effect for the treated in the Propensity Score Weighting models was 0.62+/-0.27 grams per 100 milliliters (g/dL) for Hb concentration (F = 4.64, P = 0.001), and the odds of anemia were reduced by 88% (Wald chi2 = 9.77, P = 0.02). No differences in change in anthropometric markers were evident., CONCLUSIONS: School feeding programs that integrate fortified foods with deworming could reduce anemia burden with important implications for learning, health, and well-being. The rural-urban differences in anemia require further study.
Effect of a polyherbal formulation cream on diabetic neuropathic pain among patients with type 2 diabetes - A pilot study.; BACKGROUND & OBJECTIVES: Painful diabetic neuropathy is a common complication of diabetes and can severely limit patients' daily functions. The aim of this pilot study was to evaluate the safety and effect of using a polyherbal formulation in reducing the symptoms of diabetic neuropathic pain in comparison with placebo among patients with type 2 diabetes., METHODS: A total of 50 (M:F = 33:17) consecutive type 2 diabetes patients with painful diabetic neuropathy were enrolled in this study. All these patients had either two or more symptoms of diabetic neuropathy such as pain, burning and pricking sensations and numbness in their feet. They were randomly assigned to two groups: group 1 (n = 26) patients were treated with polyherbal formulation cream and group 2 (n = 24) patients were administered placebo. The patients were followed up for six months. Changes in the symptoms of painful diabetic neuropathy of each patient were recorded at baseline, third and sixth month using the Diabetic Neuropathic Score., RESULTS: The mean age of the patients, duration of diabetes and glycated haemoglobin (HbA 1c ) were similar in both groups at baseline. During follow up visits, there was a decrease in the HbA 1c levels in the study and control groups. The symptoms of painful diabetic neuropathy were also similar in both groups at baseline. A significant decrease in symptoms of neuropathic pain was observed among the group of patients treated with polyherbal formulation cream (76.9 per cent) compared to the placebo-treated group (12.5 per cent) (P<0.001), at the end of the final follow up., INTERPRETATION & CONCLUSIONS: In this pilot study polyherbal formulation cream was found to be effective as well as safe to treat painful diabetic neuropathy. However, its long term use needs to be evaluated for any further effectiveness and side effects.
Effect of Anakinra on Recurrent Pericarditis Among Patients With Colchicine Resistance and Corticosteroid Dependence: The AIRTRIP Randomized Clinical Trial.; Importance: Anakinra, an interleukin 1beta recombinant receptor antagonist, may have potential to treat colchicine-resistant and corticosteroid-dependent recurrent pericarditis., Objective: To determine the efficacy of anakinra for colchicine-resistant and corticosteroid-dependent recurrent pericarditis., Design, Setting, and Participants: The Anakinra-Treatment of Recurrent Idiopathic Pericarditis (AIRTRIP) double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized withdrawal trial (open label with anakinra followed by a double-blind withdrawal step with anakinra or placebo until recurrent pericarditis occurred) conducted among 21 consecutive patients enrolled at 3 Italian referral centers between June and November 2014 (end of follow-up, October 2015). Included patients had recurrent pericarditis (with >=3 previous recurrences), elevation of C-reactive protein, colchicine resistance, and corticosteroid dependence., Interventions: Anakinra was administered at 2 mg/kg per day, up to 100 mg, for 2 months, then patients who responded with resolution of pericarditis were randomized to continue anakinra (n = 11) or switch to placebo (n = 10) for 6 months or until a pericarditis recurrence., Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary outcomes were recurrent pericarditis and time to recurrence after randomization., Results: Eleven patients (7 female) randomized to anakinra had a mean age of 46.5 (SD, 16.3) years; 10 patients (7 female) randomized to placebo had a mean age of 44 (SD, 12.5) years. All patients were followed up for 12 months. Median follow-up was 14 (range, 12-17) months. Recurrent pericarditis occurred in 9 of 10 patients (90%; incidence rate, 2.06% of patients per year) assigned to placebo and 2 of 11 patients (18.2%; incidence rate, 0.11% of patients per year) assigned to anakinra, for an incidence rate difference of -1.95% (95% CI, -3.3% to -0.6%). Median flare-free survival (time to flare) was 72 (interquartile range, 64-150) days after randomization in the placebo group and was not reached in the anakinra group (P <.001). During anakinra treatment, 20 of 21 patients (95.2%) experienced transient local skin reactions: 1 (4.8%) herpes zoster, 3 (14.3%) transaminase elevation, and 1 (4.8%) ischemic optic neuropathy. No patient permanently discontinued the active drug. No adverse events occurred during placebo treatment., Conclusion and Relevance: In this preliminary study of patients with recurrent pericarditis with colchicine resistance and corticosteroid dependence, the use of anakinra compared with placebo reduced the risk of recurrence over a median of 14 months. Larger studies are needed to replicate these findings as well as to assess safety and longer-term efficacy., Trial Registration: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT02219828.
Effect of Supplemental Donor Human Milk Compared With Preterm Formula on Neurodevelopment of Very Low-Birth-Weight Infants at 18 Months: A Randomized Clinical Trial.; Importance: For many very low-birth-weight (VLBW) infants, there is insufficient mother's milk, and a supplement of pasteurized donor human milk or preterm formula is required. Awareness of the benefits of mother's milk has led to an increase in use of donor milk, despite limited data evaluating its efficacy., Objective: To determine if nutrient-enriched donor milk compared with formula, as a supplement to mother's milk, reduces neonatal morbidity, supports growth, and improves neurodevelopment in VLBW infants., Design, Setting, and Participants: In this pragmatic, double-blind, randomized trial, VLBW infants were recruited from 4 neonatal units in Ontario, Canada, within 96 hours of birth between October 2010 and December 2012. Follow-up was completed in July 2015., Interventions: Infants were fed either donor milk or formula for 90 days or to discharge when mother's milk was unavailable., Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary outcome was the cognitive composite score on the Bayley Scales of Infant and Toddler Development, Third Edition (Bayley-III) at 18 months' corrected age (standardized mean, 100 [SD, 15]; minimal clinically important difference, 5 points). Secondary outcomes included Bayley-III language and motor composite scores, growth, and a dichotomous mortality and morbidity index., Results: Of 840 eligible infants, 363 (43.2%) were randomized (181 to donor milk and 182 to preterm formula); of survivors, 299 (92%) had neurodevelopment assessed. Mean birth weight and gestational age of infants was 996 (SD, 272) g and 27.7 (2.6) weeks, respectively, and 195 (53.7%) were male. No statistically significant differences in mean Bayley-III cognitive composite score (adjusted scores, 92.9 in donor milk group vs 94.5 in formula group; fully adjusted mean difference, -2.0 [95% CI, -5.8 to 1.8]), language composite score (adjusted scores, 87.3 in donor milk group vs 90.3 in formula group; fully adjusted mean difference, -3.1 [95% CI, -7.5 to 1.3]), or motor composite score (adjusted scores, 91.8 in donor milk group vs 94.0 in formula group; fully adjusted mean difference, -3.7 [95% CI, -7.4 to 0.09]) were observed between groups. There was no statistically significant difference in infants positive for the mortality and morbidity index (43% in donor milk group, 40% in formula group) or changes in growth z scores., Conclusions and Relevance: Among VLBW infants, use of supplemental donor milk compared with formula did not improve neurodevelopment at 18 months' corrected age. If donor milk is used in settings with high provision of mother's milk, this outcome should not be considered a treatment goal., Trial Registration: isrctn.org Identifier: ISRCTN35317141.
Differential Effects of Red Meat/Refined Grain Diet and Dairy/Chicken/Nuts/Whole Grain Diet on Glucose, Insulin and Triglyceride in a Randomized Crossover Study.; Epidemiological studies suggest that a diet high in processed meat, with a high glycemic index is associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes. It is not clear if this is due to altered insulin sensitivity or an enhanced postprandial glucose. We aimed to compare the acute metabolic response of two different types of meals after ingestion of the matching diet for four weeks. The study was a randomized, crossover acute meal study. Volunteers consumed either a red meat/refined grain meal or a dairy/chicken/nuts/wholegrain meal after four weeks of the matching diet. After a three-week washout period and four weeks of the alternate diet, they consumed the matching meal. The diets differed with respect to both protein and carbohydrate sources. Blood samples were taken for 180 min for the measurement of glucose, insulin, C-peptide and triglyceride. Fifty-one participants (age: 35.1 +/- 15.6 years; body mass index: 27.7 +/- 6.9 kg/m2, 17 with normal and 34 with impaired glucose tolerance) completed two meal tests. The area under the curve (p < 0.001) and incremental area under the curve (p = 0.001) for insulin was significantly higher after the red meat/refined grain diet than after the dairy/chicken/nuts/whole grain diet. There was an interaction between meal and glucose tolerance group (p < 0.05) in the area under the curve (AUC) and the incremental area under the curve (iAUC) of glucose; the red meat/refined grain diet increased glucose relative to the dairy/chicken/nuts/whole grain diet only in the normal group (+2.5 mmol/L/3 h). The red meat/refined grain diet increased glucose and insulin responses compared with the dairy/chicken/nuts/whole grain diet. This meal pattern would increase pancreatic stress long term and may account for the increased risk of type 2 diabetes with this diet.
Similar to Those Who Are Breastfed, Infants Fed a Formula Containing 2'-Fucosyllactose Have Lower Inflammatory Cytokines in a Randomized Controlled Trial.; BACKGROUND: Evidence suggests that human milk oligosaccharides (HMOs) provide multiple benefits to infants, including prebiotic effects, gut maturation, antimicrobial activities, and immune modulation. Clinical intervention studies with HMOs are required to confirm these benefits in infants., OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to investigate the effects of feeding formulas supplemented with the HMO 2'-fucosyllactose (2'-FL) on biomarkers of immune function in healthy term infants., METHODS: We performed a substudy nested within a randomized, double-blind, controlled growth and tolerance study in healthy singleton infants (birth weight >=2490 g) who were enrolled by 5 d of life and exclusively formula-fed (n = 317) or breastfed (n = 107) from enrollment to 4 mo of age. Formula-fed infants were randomly assigned to receive 1 of 3 formulas, all containing 2.4 g total oligosaccharides/L [control: galacto-oligosaccharides (GOS) only; experimental formulas: GOS + 0.2 or 1.0 g 2'-FL/L], and compared with a breastfed reference group. For this substudy, blood samples were drawn from infants at 6 wk of age (n = 31-42/group). Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) were isolated for cellular phenotyping and stimulated ex vivo with phytohemagglutinin for proliferation and cell cycle progression or respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). Cytokine concentrations were measured in plasma and in ex vivo-stimulated culture supernatants., RESULTS: Breastfed infants and infants fed either of the experimental formulas with 2'-FL were not different but had 29-83% lower concentrations of plasma inflammatory cytokines than did infants fed the control formula [interleukin (IL) receptor antagonist (IL-1ra), IL-1alpha, IL-1beta, IL-6, and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha)] (P <= 0.05). In ex vivo RSV-stimulated PBMC cultures, breastfed infants were not different than either of the groups fed formula with 2'-FL, but they had lower concentrations of TNF-alpha (31%) and interferon gamma (IFN-gamma 54%) (P <= 0.05) and tended to have lower IL-1ra (25%) and IL-6 (38%) (unadjusted P <= 0.05) and IL-1beta (30%) (unadjusted P = 0.06) than did infants fed the control formula., CONCLUSIONS: Our data indicate that infants fed formula supplemented with 2'-FL exhibit lower plasma and ex vivo inflammatory cytokine profiles, similar to those of a breastfed reference group. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01808105. Copyright © 2016 American Society for Nutrition.
Whey protein lowers blood pressure and improves endothelial function and lipid biomarkers in adults with prehypertension and mild hypertension: results from the chronic Whey2Go randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are the greatest cause of death globally, and their reduction is a key public-health target. High blood pressure (BP) affects 1 in 3 people in the United Kingdom, and previous studies have shown that milk consumption is associated with lower BP., OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether intact milk proteins lower 24-h ambulatory blood pressure (AMBP) and other risk markers of CVD., DESIGN: The trial was a double-blinded, randomized, 3-way-crossover, controlled intervention study. Forty-two participants were randomly assigned to consume 2 x 28 g whey protein/d, 2 x 28 g Ca caseinate/d, or 2 x 27 g maltodextrin (control)/d for 8 wk separated by a 4-wk washout. The effects of these interventions were examined with the use of a linear mixed-model ANOVA., RESULTS: Thirty-eight participants completed the study. Significant reductions in 24-h BP [for systolic blood pressure (SBP): -3.9 mm Hg; for diastolic blood pressure (DBP): -2.5 mm Hg; P = 0.050 for both)] were observed after whey-protein consumption compared with control intake. After whey-protein supplementation compared with control intake, peripheral and central systolic pressures [-5.7 mm Hg (P = 0.007) and -5.4 mm Hg (P = 0.012), respectively] and mean pressures [-3.7 mm Hg (P = 0.025) and -4.0 mm Hg (P = 0.019), respectively] were also lowered. Flow-mediated dilation (FMD) increased significantly after both whey-protein and calcium-caseinate intakes compared with control intake [1.31% (P < 0.001) and 0.83% (P = 0.003), respectively]. Although both whey protein and calcium caseinate significantly lowered total cholesterol [-0.26 mmol/L (P = 0.013) and -0.20 mmol/L (P = 0.042), respectively], only whey protein decreased triacylglycerol (-0.23 mmol/L; P = 0.025) compared with the effect of the control. Soluble intercellular adhesion molecule 1 and soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 were reduced after whey protein consumption (P = 0.011) and after calcium-caseinate consumption (P = 0.039), respectively, compared with after control intake., CONCLUSIONS: The consumption of unhydrolyzed milk proteins (56 g/d) for 8 wk improved vascular reactivity, biomarkers of endothelial function, and lipid risk factors. Whey-protein supplementation also lowered 24-h ambulatory SBP and DBP. These results may have important implications for public health. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02090842.
Plant sterol-enriched soy milk consumption modulates 5-lipoxygenase, 12-lipoxygenase, and myeloperoxidase activities in healthy adults - a randomized-controlled trial.; A randomized, double blind, placebo-controlled and crossover study was conducted to simultaneously measure the effects, after 3-h and 4-week daily exposure to plant sterols-enriched food product, on inflammation, oxidative status, 5-lipoxygenase, 12-lipoxygenase, and myeloperoxidase activities in healthy adults. Eighteen healthy participants (67% female, 35.3 (mean) +/- 9.5 (SD) years, mean body mass index 22.8 kg m-2) received two soy milk (20g) treatments daily: placebo and one containing 2.0 g free plant sterols equivalent of their palmitates (beta-sitosterol, 55%; campesterol, 29%; stigmasterol, 23%). F2-isoprostanes, leukotriene B4, sitosterol, campesterol, and stigmasterol concentrations were measured in the blood plasma and urine, using stable isotope-labeled gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. High-sensitivity c-reactive protein, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and lipoxin A4 concentrations in blood serum were measured using commercially available enzyme immunoassays. Myeloperoxidase activity, serum lipid hydroperoxides, plasma and urinary F2-isoprostanes, plasma and urinary leukotriene B4, and plasma high-sensitivity c-reactive protein concentrations were significantly reduced, while circulating lipoxin A4 concentrations were significantly elevated after 4-week plant sterols treatment. Plant sterols treatment decreased plasma leukotriene B4 and increased plasma lipoxin A4 concentrations acutely. Total plant sterols, beta-sitosterol, campesterol, and stigmasterol concentrations were significantly elevated after 4-week treatments compared with the pre-treatment concentrations. Our results suggest that dietary plant sterols, in the combination used, can alleviate lipid peroxidation and inflammatory events in vivo. These effects are possibly exerted via the modulation of myeloperoxidase, 5-lipoxygenase, and 12-lipoxygenase activities.
No difference in acute effects of supplemental v. dietary calcium on blood pressure and microvascular function in obese women challenged with a high-fat meal: a cross-over randomised study.; Recent studies suggest that supplemental Ca (SC) increases the risk of cardiovascular events, whereas dietary Ca (DC) decreases the risk of cardiovascular events. Although frequently consumed with meals, it remains unclear whether Ca can mitigate or aggravate the deleterious effects of a high-fat meal on cardiovascular risk factors. This study aimed to evaluate the effects of SC or DC on blood pressure (BP) and microvascular function (MVF) in the postprandial period in obese women challenged with a high-fat meal. In this cross-over controlled trial, sixteen obese women aged 20-50 years were randomly assigned to receive three test meals (2908 kJ (695 kcal); 48 % fat): high DC (HDCM; 547 mg DC), high SC (HSCM; 500 mg SC-calcium carbonate) and low Ca (LCM; 42 mg DC). BP was continuously evaluated from 15 min before to 120 min after meals by digital photoplethysmography. Before and 120 min after meals, participants underwent evaluation of serum Ca and microvascular flow after postocclusive reactive hyperaemia (PORH) by laser speckle contrast imaging. Ionised serum Ca rose significantly only after HSCM. Systolic BP increased after the three meals, whereas diastolic BP increased after LCM and HDCM. Hyperaemia peak, hyperaemia amplitude and AUC evaluated after PORH decreased with LCM. After HDCM, there was a reduction in hyperaemia peak and hyperaemia amplitude, whereas HSCM decreased only hyperaemia peak. However, comparative analyses of the effects of three test meals on serum Ca, BP and MVF revealed no significant mealxtime interaction. This study suggests that in obese women SC and DC do not interfere with the effects of a high-fat meal on BP and MVF.
Efficacy, Safety, and Tolerability of 4% 5-Fluorouracil Cream in a Novel Patented Aqueous Cream Containing Peanut Oil Once Daily Compared With 5% 5-Fluorouracil Cream Twice Daily: Meeting the Challenge in the Treatment of Actinic Keratosis.; BACKGROUND: Actinic keratosis (AK) is a neoplastic keratosis and a precursor of squamous cell carcinoma (SCC)., OBJECTIVE: We are presenting data on a novel formulation of 4% 5-Fluorouracil (5-FU) in an aqueous vehicle cream containing peanut oil (Tolak) with once daily application versus treatment with 5% 5-FU twice daily for 4 weeks., METHODS: 1) A dose ranging study of 4% 5-FU cream once or twice daily for 2 or 4 weeks and its vehicle, compared to 5% 5-FU cream twice daily for 4 weeks in 121 subjects. 2) A double-blinded multicenter study involving 841 subjects for non-inferiority and safety of 4% 5-FU cream once daily vs 5% 5-FU cream twice daily over 4 weeks with 100% and 75% clinical clearance of AK's., RESULTS: 4% 5-FU qd q4wks achieved 100% clearance in 80% and 75% clearance in 100% of subjects vs 75% and 95% respectively with 5% 5-FU bid q4wks. 4% 5-FU qd2wks achieved 100% clearance in 60% and 75% clearance in 85% of subjects. 4% 5-FU qd q4wks recorded 65 adverse events and 30% application site skin irritation versus 71 events and 60% with 5% 5-FU bid q4wks. 4% 5-FU exceeded non-inferiority by 1.32% with sub-analysis for higher percentage of severely affected patients. 4% 5-FU showed 75% clearance of AK's in 80.5% vs 80.2% for 5% 5-FU with superior tolerability., CONCLUSIONS: 4% 5-FU cream is a novel, efficacious, superior tolerated once daily topical treatment for better compliance and treatment outcome. The peanut oil component is safe even in peanut-allergic patients.  J Drugs Dermatol. 2016;15(10):1218-1224.
Early enteral nutrition therapy in congenital cardiac repair postoperatively: A randomized, controlled pilot study.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Adequate nutritional supplementation in infants with cardiac malformations after surgical repair is a challenge. Critically ill infants in the early postoperative period are in a catabolic stress. The mismatch between estimated energy requirement (EER) and the intake in the postoperative period is multifactorial, predisposing them to complications such as immune deficiency, more infection, and growth failure. This study aimed to assess the feasibility and efficacy of enriched breast milk feed on postoperative recovery and growth of infants after open heart surgery., METHODOLOGY: Fifty infants <6 months of age were prospectively randomized in the trial for enteral nutrition (EN) postoperatively from day 1 to 10, after obtaining the Institute Ethics Committee's approval. They were equally divided into two groups on the basis of the feed they received: Control group was fed with expressed breast milk (EBM; 0.65 kcal/ml) and intervention group was fed with EBM + energy supplementation/fortification with human milk fortifier (7.5 kcal/2 g)/Simyl medium-chain triglyceride oil (7.8 kcal/ml). Energy need for each infant was calculated as per EER at 90 kcal/kg/day, as the target requirement. The intra- and post-operative variables such as cardiopulmonary bypass and aortic cross-clamp times, ventilation duration, Intensive Care Unit (ICU), and hospital length of stay and mortality were recorded. Anthropometric and hematological parameters and infection control data were recorded in a predesigned pro forma. Data were analyzed using Stata 14.1 software., RESULTS: The duration of mechanical ventilation, length of ICU stay (LOIS), length of hospital stay (LOHS), infection rate, and mortality rate were lower in the intervention group compared to the control group although none of the differences were statistically significant. Infants in control group needed mechanical ventilation for about a day more (i.e., 153.6 +/- 149.0 h vs. 123.2 +/- 107.0 h; P = 0.20) than those in the intervention group. Similarly, infants in control group stayed for longer duration in the ICU (13.2 +/- 8.9 days) and hospital (16.5 +/- 9.8 days) as compared to the intervention group (11.0 +/- 6.1 days; 14.1 +/- 7.0 days) (P = 0.14 and 0.17, respectively). The LOIS and LOHS were decreased by 2.2 and 2.4 days, respectively, in the intervention group compared to control group. The infection rate (3/25; 5/25) and mortality rate (1/25; 2/25) were lower in the intervention group than those in the control group. The energy intake in the intervention group was 40 kcal more (i.e., 127.2 +/- 56.1 kcal vs. 87.1 +/- 38.3 kcal) than the control group on the 10th postoperative day., CONCLUSIONS: Early enteral/oral feeding after cardiac surgery is feasible and recommended. In addition, enriching the EBM is helpful in achieving the maximum possible calorie intake in the postoperative period. EN therapy might help in providing adequate nutrition, and it decreases ventilation duration, infection rate, LOIS, LOHS, and mortality.
Dynamics of cytokine mRNA expression and fecal biomarkers in school-children undergoing a double-blind placebo-controlled food challenge series.; BACKGROUND: There is need for prognostic markers for symptomatic food allergy since current diagnostic methods are insufficient and/or time and labor consuming., OBJECTIVE: To estimate the cytokine mRNA profiles in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) before and after a double-blind placebo-controlled food challenge series in schoolchildren with suspected allergy to milk, egg or cod and in healthy controls. Analyses of fecal inflammatory biomarkers before and after the challenge were included., METHODS: Twelve-year-old children from a population-based cohort reporting complete avoidance of milk, egg, cod or wheat due to perceived hypersensitivity were clinically examined and those with suspected food allergy were evaluated with a 3-session double-blind placebo-controlled food challenge (n=18). Seven healthy controls participated in a double-blind challenge with egg. Before and after the challenge series, the cytokine mRNA expression was quantified for 13 cytokines discriminating between humoral Th2-, cytotoxic Th1-, regulatory Th3/Tr1- and inflammatory responses. Fecal calprotectin and eosinophil-derived neurotoxin (EDN) were also analyzed in children with suspected food allergy before and after the challenge series., RESULTS: Pre challenge, children with suspected food allergy had higher IL-13andTNF-alpha expression and lower IFN-gamma and IL-15 expression compared to healthy controls (all p<0.05). Children with challenge-proven food allergy had increased IL13andIL-10 expression compared to the levels seen in negative challenges (p<0.05). Post challenge, IL-1beta and IL-6 mRNA levels were elevated in the food allergic children compared to controls (p<0.05). Fecal calprotectin and EDN levels were higher in challenge-proven food allergy compared to a negative challenge although not statistically significantly., CONCLUSION & CLINICAL RELEVANCE: Increased baseline mRNA levels of the Th2-related cytokine IL-13 and the regulatory cytokine IL-10 predicted a positive food challenge outcome. These cytokines in combination with fecal calprotectin and EDN might serve as future prognostic markers for symptomatic, IgE-mediated food allergy but need further validation in a larger patient cohort. Copyright © 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Dietary linseed oil with or without malate increases conjugated linoleic acid and oleic acid in milk fat and and gene expression in mammary gland and milk somatic cells of lactating goats.; Supplementary dietary plant oils have the potential to alter milk fatty acid composition in ruminants as a result of changes in the amount and kind of fatty acid precursors. We hypothesized that linseed oil in combination with malate (a key propionate precursor in the rumen) would increase 9 unsaturated fatty acids and specific gene expression in somatic cells and mammary glands of lactating goats. Twelve lactating goats were used in a 3 x 3 Latin square design. Treatments included the basal diet (CON), the CON plus 4% linseed oil (LO), and the CON plus 4% linseed oil and 2% -malate (LOM). Relative to CON, the LO and LOM supplements increased the daily intake of palmitic (16:0), stearic (18:0), oleic (18:1-9), linoleic (18:2-6), alpha-linolenic (18:3-3), and gamma-linolenic acids (18:2-6); alpha-linolenic acid intake was increased over 9-fold, from 6.77 to over 51 g/d ( < 0.02). The LO and LOM supplements increased daily milk yield, milk fat yield, and milk fat percentage ( < 0.05). The LOM supplement also increased milk lactose percentage and daily yield ( = 0.03). Both the LO and LOM supplements increased plasma glucose and total cholesterol and decreased plasma beta-hydroxbutyrate concentrations ( = 0.03). The LO and LOM supplements increased concentrations of stearic acid; -vaccenic acid (TVA; 18:1-11); -9, -11 CLA; -10 -12 CLA; and alpha-linolenic acid in rumen fluid and increased the concentrations of oleic acid; TVA; -9, -11 CLA; -10, -12 CLA; and alpha-linolenic acid in plasma lipids and milk fat ( < 0.05). Conversely, the LO and LOM supplements decreased short- and medium-chain SFA, including lauric (12:0), myristic (14:0), and palmitic acids, in plasma and milk fat ( < 0.05). Relative mRNA levels for and () gene expression were increased in somatic cells and mammary gland tissue by LO and LOM ( < 0.05). We conclude that the higher intake and ruminal production of stearic acid promoted SCD gene expression in somatic cells and mammary tissue. Furthermore, milk somatic cells are a suitable substitute for documenting treatment effects of dietary oils on gene expression in goat mammary tissue.
Probiotics, Prebiotics, and Synbiotics for the Prevention of Necrotizing Enterocolitis.; Necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) is a devastating intestinal disease in preterm infants characterized by barrier disruption, intestinal microbial dysbiosis, and persistent inflammation of the colon, which results in high mortality rates. Current strategies used to manage this disease are not sufficient, although the use of human breast milk reduces the risk of NEC. Mother's milk is regarded as a fundamental nutritional source for neonates, but pasteurization of donor breast milk affects the composition of bioactive compounds. Current research is evaluating the benefits and potential pitfalls of adding probiotics and prebiotics to pasteurized milk so as to improve the functionality of the milk and thereby reduce the burden of illness caused by NEC. Probiotics (live micro-organisms that confer health to the host) and prebiotics (nondigestible oligosaccharides that stimulate the growth of healthy bacteria) are functional foods known to mediate immune responses and modulate microbial populations in the gut. Clinical research shows strain- and compound-specific responses when probiotics or prebiotics are administered in conjunction with donor breast milk for the prevention of NEC. Despite ongoing controversy surrounding optimal treatment strategies, randomized controlled studies are now investigating the use of synbiotics to reduce the incidence and severity of NEC. Synbiotics, a combination of probiotics and prebiotics, have been proposed to enhance beneficial health effects in the intestinal tract more than either agent administered alone. This review considers the implications of using probiotic-, prebiotic-, and synbiotic-supplemented breast milk as a strategy to prevent NEC and issues that could be encountered with the preparations. Copyright © 2016 American Society for Nutrition.
Soya milk exerts different effects on plasma amino acid responses and incretin hormone secretion compared with cows' milk in healthy, young men.; Apart from the well-known action of insulin, the mechanism by which soya and cows' milk improve postprandial glycaemia control was examined. In total, twelve healthy, young, Chinese men were studied on three separate occasions, in random order with isovolumetric (322 ml) control water, soya milk and cows' milk. Plasma total amino acid concentrations increased 30 min after test meals consumption and were higher after soya milk (230 %) and cow milk (240 %) consumption compared with water. Cows' milk ingestion induced higher branched-chain amino acids (BCAA) (40 %) than soya milk. Postprandial incretin concentrations increased after meal consumption. Cows' milk meal was accompanied by higher incremental AUC (iAUC) (170 %) for glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) compared with soya milk and control (P=0.06). However, glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP) concentrations increased to significantly greater levels after soya milk consumption (iAUC 60 % higher) compared with cows' milk and control. Consumption of both soya and cows' milk with carbohydrates induced a similar reduction in glycaemic response through a different mechanism, beyond insulin action. Plasma amino acids (alanine and arginine), and incretins in particular (GIP was stimulated), may be involved in the hyperinsulinaemia after soya milk meals. However, BCAA and GLP-1 release may be responsible for the reduced glycaemia after cows' milk consumption by delaying gastric emptying. This could be the result of different milk protein/amino acid composition, but also differences in milk carbohydrate composition (i.e. lactose v. sucrose). It can be concluded that soya milk is a good alternative to cows' milk with regard to glycaemic regulation, with different mechanisms involved.
Tannins from Potentilla officinalis display antiinflammatory effects in the UV erythema test and on atopic skin.; BACKGROUND: Rich in tannins, the rhizome of Potentilla officinalis (PO) has traditionally been used in the topical treatment of inflammatory disorders of the skin and mucous membranes. The objective of the present study was to examine the antiinflammatory effects of PO in the UV erythema test as well as in patients with atopic skin., PATIENTS AND METHODS: Using the UV erythema test, the antiinflammatory effects of a PO extract (2 %) - compared to 1 % hydrocortisone acetate - were assessed in a randomized, prospective, placebo-controlled double-blind study of 40 healthy volunteers. In the context of a prospective non-controlled trial, the efficacy and tolerability of 2 % PO cream (applied to defined test areas twice daily for two weeks) was evaluated in twelve adults and twelve children with atopic skin using a partial SCORAD. In addition, the effects on the degree of erythema in the test areas was measured photometrically., RESULTS: In the UV erythema test, PO cream significantly reduced the erythema index compared to the vehicle. The antiinflammatory effects of PO cream were comparable to those of 1 % hydrocortisone acetate cream. The clinical study with atopic patients revealed a significant reduction in the partial SCORAD as well as erythema in the test areas. No adverse events were recorded., CONCLUSIONS: PO cream displays antiinflammatory effects in vivo. It is effective in and well tolerated by patients with atopic skin. Copyright © 2016 Deutsche Dermatologische Gesellschaft (DDG). Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Growth of infants consuming whey-predominant term infant formulas with a protein content of 1.8 g/100 kcal: a multicenter pooled analysis of individual participant data.; BACKGROUND: High protein intake during infancy may contribute to obesity later in life in infants who are not exclusively breastfed. Lowering the protein content of infant formula so it is closer to that of mature breast milk may reduce long-term risk of overweight or obesity in formula-fed infants., OBJECTIVE: We assessed the effects of whey-predominant formulas with a protein content of 1.8 g/100 kcal (lower than that in most current formulas and closer to breast milk) on infant growth by comparing against WHO growth standards and breastfed infants., DESIGN: A multicenter pooled analysis was conducted with the use of individual participant data (n = 1882) from 11 randomized controlled trials of healthy term infants. Mixed-effects models that used ANCOVA were generated to estimate weight-for-age z score (WAZ), as well as length-for-age, BMI-for-age, and head circumference-for-age z scores at age 4 mo in infants fed a lower-protein infant formula (LPF) or a lower-protein infant formula with additional active ingredients (probiotics, prebiotics, or both) (LPFA) and breastfed infants. Estimates, including 95% CIs, were compared with a +/-0.5 SD of WHO growth standards, a benchmark for clinically significant differences., RESULTS: The 95% CIs for pooled estimates of WAZ were within +/-0.5 SD of WHO growth standards for the LPF [0.07 (-0.16, 0.29)] and LPFA [0.22 (0.01, 0.43)] groups. WAZ was higher in the LPF (P < 0.001) and LPFA (P = 0.003) groups than in the breastfed infants, likely because breastfed infants had a relatively low WAZ [-0.23 (-0.51, 0.05)] compared with WHO growth standards. The 95% CIs for all other z scores in the LPF and LPFA groups were within +/-0.5 SD of WHO growth standards, except for head circumference, for which the upper limit of the 95% CI slightly exceeded 0.5 SD. No difference was observed in any z scores between the LPF and LPFA groups., CONCLUSION: Whey-predominant infant formula with a lower protein content that more closely resembles that of breast milk supports healthy growth comparable to the WHO growth standards and close to breastfed infants. Copyright © 2016 American Society for Nutrition.
High intake of regular-fat cheese compared with reduced-fat cheese does not affect LDL cholesterol or risk markers of the metabolic syndrome: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Regular-fat cheese contains a high amount of saturated fat. Therefore, dietary guidelines in many countries recommend the consumption of reduced-fat cheese as opposed to regular-fat cheese. However, the negative effect of regular-fat cheese is still under debate., OBJECTIVES: The aim was to compare the effects of regular-fat cheese with an equal amount of reduced-fat cheese and an isocaloric amount of carbohydrate-rich foods on LDL cholesterol and risk factors for the metabolic syndrome (MetS)., DESIGN: The study was a 12-wk randomized parallel intervention preceded by a 2-wk run-in period. A total of 164 subjects with >=2 MetS risk factors were randomly allocated to 1 of 3 intervention groups: regular-fat cheese (REG), reduced-fat cheese (RED), or a no-cheese, carbohydrate control (CHO) group. Subjects in the REG and RED groups replaced part of their daily habitual diet with 80 g cheese/10 MJ, whereas subjects in the CHO group did the same with bread and jam corresponding to 90 g and 25 g/10 MJ, respectively., RESULTS: A total of 139 subjects completed the intervention. The primary outcome, LDL cholesterol, was not significantly different between the REG and RED diets or between the REG and CHO diets. There was no significant difference in HDL cholesterol between the REG and RED diets, but HDL cholesterol tended to be higher with the REG diet than with the CHO diet (0.06 +/- 0.03 mmol/L; P = 0.07). Insulin, glucose, and triacylglycerol concentrations as well as blood pressure and waist circumference did not differ significantly between the 3 diets., CONCLUSION: A high daily intake of regular-fat cheese for 12 wk did not alter LDL cholesterol or MetS risk factors differently than an equal intake of reduced-fat cheese or an isocaloric amount of carbohydrate-rich foods. This trial was registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02616471. Copyright © 2016 American Society for Nutrition.
Brief neonatal nutritional supplementation has sex-specific effects on glucose tolerance and insulin regulating genes in juvenile lambs.; BACKGROUND: The nutritional plane and composition during fetal life can impact upon growth and epigenetic regulation of genes affecting pancreatic beta-cell development and function. However, it is not clear whether beta-cell development can be altered by nutritional factors or growth rate after birth. We therefore investigated the effect of neonatal nutritional supplements on growth, glucose tolerance, and pancreatic development in lambs., METHODS: Newborn lambs were randomized to daily nutritional supplements, calculated to increase macronutrient intake to a similar degree as human breast milk fortifier, or an equivalent volume of water, for 2 wk while continuing to suckle ewe milk. Intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT) was performed at 4 mo of age, and pancreata collected for molecular analysis., RESULTS: Supplemented lambs had slower weight gain than controls. In supplemented lambs, insulin response to IVGTT was increased in males but decreased in females, compared to same sex controls, and was unrelated to growth rate. mRNA expression of key genes in beta-cell development showed sexually dimorphic effects. Epigenetic change occurred in the promotor region of PDX1 gene with decreased suppression and increased activation marks in supplemented lambs of both sexes., CONCLUSION: Nutritional interventions in early life have long-term, sex-specific effects on pancreatic function.
Clustering of adherence to personalised dietary recommendations and changes in healthy eating index within the Food4Me study.; OBJECTIVE: To characterise clusters of individuals based on adherence to dietary recommendations and to determine whether changes in Healthy Eating Index (HEI) scores in response to a personalised nutrition (PN) intervention varied between clusters., DESIGN: Food4Me study participants were clustered according to whether their baseline dietary intakes met European dietary recommendations. Changes in HEI scores between baseline and month 6 were compared between clusters and stratified by whether individuals received generalised or PN advice., SETTING: Pan-European, Internet-based, 6-month randomised controlled trial., SUBJECTS: Adults aged 18-79 years (n 1480)., RESULTS: Individuals in cluster 1 (C1) met all recommended intakes except for red meat, those in cluster 2 (C2) met two recommendations, and those in cluster 3 (C3) and cluster 4 (C4) met one recommendation each. C1 had higher intakes of white fish, beans and lentils and low-fat dairy products and lower percentage energy intake from SFA (P<0.05). C2 consumed less chips and pizza and fried foods than C3 and C4 (P<0.05). C1 were lighter, had lower BMI and waist circumference than C3 and were more physically active than C4 (P<0.05). More individuals in C4 were smokers and wanted to lose weight than in C1 (P<0.05). Individuals who received PN advice in C4 reported greater improvements in HEI compared with C3 and C1 (P<0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: The cluster where the fewest recommendations were met (C4) reported greater improvements in HEI following a 6-month trial of PN whereas there was no difference between clusters for those randomised to the Control, non-personalised dietary intervention.
Partly Fermented Infant Formulae With Specific Oligosaccharides Support Adequate Infant Growth and Are Well-Tolerated.; OBJECTIVE: Fermented formulae (FERM) and a specific mixture of 90% short-chain galacto-oligosaccharides and 10% long-chain fructo-oligosaccharides (scGOS/lcFOS; 9:1) have a potential beneficial effect on gastrointestinal function and microbiota development in infants. The present study assessed the safety and tolerance of the combination of partly fermented infant milk formulae and scGOS/lcFOS compared with either 1 feature, in healthy term infants., METHODS: Four hundred thirty-two infants were enrolled before 28 days of age and followed up to 17 weeks of age and assigned to 1 of the 4 groups: (i) formula with scGOS/lcFOS, (ii) scGOS/lcFOS + 15% FERM, (iii) scGOS/lcFOS + 50% FERM, or (iv) 50% fermented formula (50% FERM). Primary outcome was daily weight gain during intervention (equivalence criterion: difference in daily weight gain <=3 g/day). Infants' anthropometrics, formula intake, number, and type of (serious) AEs were monitored monthly. Stool samples were collected at baseline and after 17 weeks for analysis of physiological and microbiological parameters., RESULTS: Equivalence of weight gain per day was demonstrated in both the intention-to-treat and per-protocol population, with a mean weight gain (SD) of 29.7 (6.1), 28.2 (4.8), 28.5 (5.0), and 28.7 (5.9) g/day for the groups i to iv respectively. No differences were observed in other growth parameters, formula intake, and the number or severity of AEs. In all scGOS/lcFOS-containing formulae, a beneficial effect of scGOS/lcFOS was observed, indicated by the lower pH, lower Clostridium difficile levels, and higher secretory immunoglobulin A levels., CONCLUSIONS: The partly fermented infant milk formulae containing the specific mixture scGOS/lcFOS were well-tolerated and resulted in normal growth in healthy infants.
Soy milk powder supplemented with phytosterol esters reduced serum cholesterol level in hypercholesterolemia independently of lipoprotein E genotype: a random clinical placebo-controlled trial.; Phytosterols (PSs) are reported to lower the serum total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations enriched in some fatty foods, such as margarine. However, these high-fat foods are not very suitable for older people. Soy milk is the favorite food for elderly people in China; therefore, we hypothesized that the consumption of soy milk powder supplemented with PSs would decrease the serum cholesterol levels in older Chinese people independent of the genotypes of apolipoprotein E (ApoE). Mild to moderate hyperlipidemic patients (n = 170) were recruited from different communities and treated with placebo soy milk powder or 3.4 g PS esters-enriched soy milk powder (2.0 g/d free PS in 30 g soy milk powder). The fasting serum lipid profiles at the baseline and after 3 and 6 months of intervention were measured. The ApoE genotype was also determined. After 3 months of PS intervention, the serum lipid profile was not changed significantly in either group. The serum total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and non- high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels decreased by 9.3%, 11.4%, and 12.6%, respectively, in the PS group at the end of the intervention (6 months) compared with the control group, whereas the serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglyceride levels were not affected significantly. In the PS group, both the ApoE3 and ApoE4 carriers had a similar response to PS consumption. These findings suggested that PS-fortified soy milk powder was effective in lowering the serum cholesterol levels in older Chinese volunteers with mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia in both the ApoE3 and ApoE4 carriers. Copyright © 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Tolerance and growth in children with cow's milk allergy fed a thickened extensively hydrolyzed casein-based formula.; BACKGROUND: In case of cow's milk allergy (CMA), pediatric guidelines recommend for children the use of extensively hydrolyzed formulas (eHFs) as elimination diet. According to the American Academy of Pediatrics, the hypoallergenicity of each specific eHF should be tested in subjects with CMA., METHODS: A prospective, multicenter trial was performed to assess the tolerance/hypoallergenicity of a thickened casein-based eHF (eHCF, Allernova AR R, United Pharmaceuticals, France) in infants aged <12 months with CMA proven by a double-blind placebo-controlled food challenge. Its efficacy, measured through allergy symptoms monitoring and Cow's Milk-related Symptom Score (CoMiSS) calculation, and safety were evaluated during a 4-month feeding period. Growth z-scores were computed based on WHO anthropometric data., RESULTS: Thirty infants (mean age: 4.8 +/- 3.0 months) with CMA proven by a DBPCFC tolerated the eHCF during the 4-month study. The CoMiSS, crying and regurgitation scores significantly decreased by 4.2 +/- 4.0, 0.9 +/-1.2 and 0.7 +/- 1.1 respectively, after 14 days of feeding (p < 0.001). The Scoring Atopic Dermatitis index, of 33.2 +/- 14.8 at inclusion in 9 patients, significantly decreased by 15.5 +/- 6.7 and 21.1 +/- 11.2, after 14 and 45 days of feeding, respectively (p < 0.001). The percentage of infants having normal stool consistency (soft or formed stools) significantly improved from 66.7 % (20/30) at inclusion to 90.0 % (27/30) after 14 days of feeding (p = 0.020). The growth z-scores, negative at study inclusion, significantly improved over the 4-month study. No adverse event was related to the eHCF., CONCLUSION: The thickened eHCF was tolerated by more than 90 % of included allergic infants with 95 % confidence interval and can therefore be considered as hypoallergenic in accordance with current guidelines. The improvement of growth indices and absence of related adverse events confirmed its safety. Results of this trial back the use of the tested thickened eHCF as an efficient and safe alternative in children with CMA., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT02351531 , registered on 27 January 2015.
Changes in liking for sweet and fatty foods following weight loss in women are related to prop phenotype but not to diet.; OBJECTIVE: Changes in perceived intensity and liking of tasted foods have not been studied during weight loss from dieting. These outcomes were examined during a 6-month lifestyle intervention in women who had been classified by sensitivity to the bitter taste marker, 6-n-propylthiouracil (PROP), and then randomized to a low-fat or low-carbohydrate diet., METHODS: Sixty-nine women (BMI = 34.4 kg/m(2) ; age = 44.2 years) followed the low-fat diet (n = 31) or low-carbohydrate diet (n = 38). At baseline and at 3, and 6 months, they rated overall liking and intensity of attributes in strawberry milk and salad dressing varying in sucrose (0%, 15%, and 30% wt/vol) or fat (10%, 30%, 50% wt/vol) content, respectively., RESULTS: Perceived intensity of the attributes did not change. For all participants, the 15% and 30% sucrose milk samples were equally liked at baseline and 3 months, but by 6 months, the 15% sucrose sample was highest liked (P < 0.007). Also, the 50% fat sample was most liked at baseline and least liked by 6 months (P = 0.04), and this effect was most pronounced in the nontasters (P < 0.02). There were no effects of diet prescription on liking., CONCLUSIONS: Weight loss from dieting resulted in a hedonic shift for foods with lower sucrose and fat content. Copyright © 2016 The Obesity Society.
GUT MICROBIOTA, PREBIOTICS, PROBIOTICS, AND SYNBIOTICS IN MANAGEMENT OF OBESITY AND PREDIABETES: REVIEW OF RANDOMIZED CONTROLLED TRIALS.; OBJECTIVE: To review the data from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) for the roles of microbiota, pre-, pro- and synbiotics in metabolic conditions (obesity, prediabetes, and diabetes mellitus type 2 [DM2])., METHODS: Primary literature was reviewed on the topics including RCTs of pre-, pro- and synbiotics use for metabolic disease., RESULTS: Gut bacteria (microbiota) benefit digestion and have multiple other functions. Microbiota could increase harvesting of energy from the food and cause subclinical inflammation seen in metabolic disorders. Diet-related interventions including prebiotics, probiotics, and synbiotics (combining pre-and probiotics) may benefit metabolic conditions. Prebiotics are complex carbohydrates (i.e., dietary fiber). Results of RCTs of prebiotics suggested a neutral effect on body weight, decreased fasting and postprandial glucose, and improved insulin sensitivity and lipid profile. Some inflammation markers were reduced, sometimes substantially (20-30%). RCTs for probiotics demonstrated significant but small effects on body weight (<3%) and metabolic parameters. The effect was seen mostly with fermented milk or yogurt compared to capsule form, consumption for at least 8 weeks, and use of multiple rather than a single bacterial strain. Changes in microbiota were seen at times with both pre- and probiotics. Pickled and fermented foods, particularly vegetables and beans, could serve as a dietary source of pre-, pro-, and synbiotics. These foods showed possible benefits for morbidity and mortality in prospective cohort studies., CONCLUSION: Pre-, pro-, and synbiotics could prove useful, but further research is needed to clarify their clinical relevance for the prevention and management of metabolic disease., ABBREVIATIONS: A1c = glycohemoglobin A1c CI = confidence interval CVD = cardiovascular disease GMB = gut (large bowel) microbiota DM2 = diabetes mellitus type 2 HOMA-IR = homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance LDL = low-density lipoprotein LPS = lipopolysaccharide NAFLD = nonalcoholic fatty liver disease RCT = randomized controlled trial SMD = standardized mean difference TG = triglycerides.
The Efficacy of Gynura pseudochina DC. var. hispida Thv. Ointment in Treating Chronic Plaque Psoriasis: A Randomized Controlled Trial.; BACKGROUND: A recent study showed that Gynura pseudochina DC. var. hispida Thv. leaf extract (GP) can reduce the activation of the nuclear factor kappaB (NF-kappaB) pathway and suppress the release of interleukin (IL)-1beta, IL-6, and tumor necrosis factor -alpha, which play an important role in the pathogenesis of psoriasis., METHODS: Twenty-five patients with mild to moderate plaque psoriasis completed a 4-week trial. Twice daily, they applied the GP ointment on psoriatic lesions on one side of the body, and they applied 0.1% triamcinolone (TA) cream on the other side. The Targeted Area Score (TAS), Psoriasis Severity Index (PSI) scores, and Physician's Global Assessment (PGA) scores were assessed at baseline and at weeks 1, 2, 3, and 4. Pre- and post-treatment skin samples were taken. Phosphorylation of NF-kappaB p65, Ki-67, and epidermal thickness were analyzed through immunohistochemistry., RESULTS: The TAS for erythema, scaling, and induration and PSI scores decreased on both treated sides. A statistically significant difference was observed beginning at the first week of treatment. The GP ointment significantly decreased scaling scores. However, no significant differences were observed between the TAS for erythema and induration or the PSI and PGA scores. Immunohistochemical staining revealed diminution of phosphorylated NF-kappaB p65, Ki-67, and epidermal thickness in the lesions treated with the GP ointment. The ointment was well tolerated, with minimal side effects. No laboratory abnormalities were detected., CONCLUSIONS: The GP ointment demonstrated efficacy similar to that of 0.1% TA cream for mild to moderate chronic plaque psoriasis. In addition, its short-term side effects were minimal.
Dairy Intake Enhances Body Weight and Composition Changes during Energy Restriction in 18-50-Year-Old Adults-A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) was performed to investigate the effects of dairy food or supplements during energy restriction on body weight and composition in 18-50-year-old., METHODS: RCTs >= 4 weeks comparing the effect of dairy consumption (whole food or supplements) with control diets lower in dairy during energy restriction on body weight, fat and lean mass were identified by searching MEDLINE, EMBASE, Pubmed, Cochrane Central and World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (WHO ICTRP) until March 2016. Reports were identified and critically appraised in duplicate. Data were pooled using random-effects meta-analysis. Chi2- and I2-statistics indicated heterogeneity. Dose effect was assessed using meta-regression analysis. GRADE guidelines were used to rate the quality (QR) of the evidence considering risk of bias, inconsistency, indirectness, imprecision, publication bias and effect estimates., RESULTS: 27 RCTs were reviewed. Participants consumed between 2 and 4 standard servings/day of dairy food or 20-84 g/day of whey protein compared to low dairy control diets, over a median of 16 weeks. A greater reduction in body weight (-1.16 kg [-1.66, -0.66 kg], p < 0.001, I2 = 11%, QR = high, n = 644) and body fat mass (-1.49 kg [-2.06, -0.92 kg], p < 0.001, I2 = 21%, n = 521, QR = high) were found in studies largely including women (90% women). These effects were absent in studies that imposed resistance training (QR = low-moderate). Dairy intake resulted in smaller loss of lean mass (all trials pooled: 0.36 kg [0.01, 0.71 kg], p = 0.04, I2 = 64%, n = 651, QR = moderate). No between study dose-response effects were seen., CONCLUSIONS: Increased dairy intake as part of energy restricted diets resulted in greater loss in bodyweight and fat mass while attenuating lean mass loss in 18-50-year-old adults. Further research in males is needed to investigate sex effects.
Plum-blossom needling promoted PpIX fluorescence intensity from 5-aminolevulinic acid in porcine skin model and patients with actnic keratosis.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Plum-blossom needling might enhance transdermal penetration of topically applied drugs by creating vertical channels. The purpose of this study was to evaluate drug delivery assisted by plum-blossom needling comparing with CO2 laser ablative fractional resurfacing (AFR) using 5-aminolevulinic acid (5-ALA), a porphyrin precursor, as a test drug., MATERIALS AND METHODS: Ex vivo porcine skin was treated with plum-blossom needle(HWATO, Suzhou medical supplies factory Co., Ltd. China) or CO2 laser AFR before topical application of 20% 5-ALA(Sigma-Aldrich, Co., USA)cream, placebo cream and no cream. ALA-induced porphyrin fluorescence was measured by fluorescence microscopy at skin depths down to 1800mum. Needling was done by tapping the skin vertically from 5cm high above quickly. AFR was performed with a 10.6mum wavelength prototype CO2 laser, using stacked single pulses of 3 millisecond and 91.6mJ per pulse. Plum-blossom needling after ALA application was also done. Fluorescence intensity on lesion surface was examined by curalux spectrum analyzer (Laser Institute of Munich University, Germany) and VAS pain score was recorded in a randomized split-lesion clinical trial including 6 patients, 8 actinic keratosis lesions., RESULTS: AFR created regular cone-shaped channels surrounded by a 70mum thin layer of thermally coagulated dermis, respectively. The cone is approximately 200mum in diameter at the opening and 1850mum in depth. Plum-blossom needle created irregular cone-shaped channels of approximately 180mum in diameter at the opening and it always drags a tail-which was shaped from the closed deeper channels. There was no porphyrin fluorescence in placebo cream or untreated skin sites. Plum-blossom needling followed by ALA application enhanced drug delivery with significantly higher porphyrin fluorescence at the edge of hole (P<0.005) and 100mum far from the hole (P=0.000) versus AFR followed by ALA application at skin depths of 120 and 500mum. Needling after ALA application presented higher porphyrin fluorescence at the edge of hole at skin depths of 120mum (P<0.005) and lower porphyrin fluorescence at 1000mum deep hole edge, and 100mum far from the hole at 120mum, 500mum and 1000mum depths versus AFR followed by ALA application (P<0.005). Skin massage after ALA application did not affect ALA-induced porphyrin fluorescence after pretreatment of plum-blossom needling or AFR. ALA application after plum-blossom needling was better than before plum-blossom needling. The clinical trial showed that the surface fluorescence intensity was stronger in needle-pretreated-lesion than in laser-pretreated-lesion. While the VAS pain score between needle treatment and laser treatment was almost the same., CONCLUSIONS: Plum-blossom needling facilitates delivery of topical ALA into the dermis. It may help ALA to diffuse a little more broadly than AFR does in superficial dermis and obtain similar clinical effect with a much lower cost. Plum-blossom needling treatment appears to be a clinically practical and economical means for enhancing transdermal delivery of ALA, a photodynamic therapy drug, and presumably many other topical skin medications. Copyright © 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Dietary supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids and oleate enhances exercise training effects in patients with metabolic syndrome.; OBJECTIVE: We studied the effects of exercise training alone or combined with dietary supplementation of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (OMEGA-3PUFA) and oleate on metabolic syndrome (MSyn) components and other markers of cardiometabolic health., METHODS: Thirty-six patients with MSyn underwent 24 weeks of high-intensity interval training. In a double-blind randomized design, half of the group ingested 500 mL/day of semi-skim milk (8 g of fat; placebo milk) whereas the other half ingested 500 mL/day of skim milk enriched with 275 mg of OMEGA-3PUFA and 7.5 g of oleate (OMEGA-3 + OLE)., RESULTS: OMEGA-3 + OLE treatment elevated 30% plasma OMEGA-3PUFA but not significantly (P = 0.286). Improvements in VO2peak (12.8%), mean blood pressure (-7.1%), waist circumference (-1.8%), body fat mass (-2.9%), and trunk fat mass (-3.3%) were similar between groups. However, insulin sensitivity (measured by intravenous glucose tolerance test), serum concentration of C-reactive protein, and high-density lipoprotein improved only in the OMEGA-3 + OLE group by 31.5%, 32.1%, and 10.3%, respectively (all P < 0.05). Fasting serum triacylglycerol, glucose, and plasma fibrinogen concentrations did not improve in either group after 24 weeks of intervention., CONCLUSIONS: Diet supplementation with OMEGA-3PUFA and oleate enhanced cardiometabolic benefits of intense aerobic exercise training in patients with MSyn. Copyright © 2016 The Obesity Society.
Is Butter Back? A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Butter Consumption and Risk of Cardiovascular Disease, Diabetes, and Total Mortality.; BACKGROUND: Dietary guidelines recommend avoiding foods high in saturated fat. Yet, emerging evidence suggests cardiometabolic benefits of dairy products and dairy fat. Evidence on the role of butter, with high saturated dairy fat content, for total mortality, cardiovascular disease, and type 2 diabetes remains unclear. We aimed to systematically review and meta-analyze the association of butter consumption with all-cause mortality, cardiovascular disease, and diabetes in general populations., METHODS AND FINDINGS: We searched 9 databases from inception to May 2015 without restriction on setting, or language, using keywords related to butter consumption and cardiometabolic outcomes. Prospective cohorts or randomized clinical trials providing estimates of effects of butter intake on mortality, cardiovascular disease including coronary heart disease and stroke, or diabetes in adult populations were included. One investigator screened titles and abstracts; and two reviewed full-text articles independently in duplicate, and extracted study and participant characteristics, exposure and outcome definitions and assessment methods, analysis methods, and adjusted effects and associated uncertainty, all independently in duplicate. Study quality was evaluated by a modified Newcastle-Ottawa score. Random and fixed effects meta-analysis pooled findings, with heterogeneity assessed using the I2 statistic and publication bias by Egger's test and visual inspection of funnel plots. We identified 9 publications including 15 country-specific cohorts, together reporting on 636,151 unique participants with 6.5 million person-years of follow-up and including 28,271 total deaths, 9,783 cases of incident cardiovascular disease, and 23,954 cases of incident diabetes. No RCTs were identified. Butter consumption was weakly associated with all-cause mortality (N = 9 country-specific cohorts; per 14g(1 tablespoon)/day: RR = 1.01, 95%CI = 1.00, 1.03, P = 0.045); was not significantly associated with any cardiovascular disease (N = 4; RR = 1.00, 95%CI = 0.98, 1.02; P = 0.704), coronary heart disease (N = 3; RR = 0.99, 95%CI = 0.96, 1.03; P = 0.537), or stroke (N = 3; RR = 1.01, 95%CI = 0.98, 1.03; P = 0.737), and was inversely associated with incidence of diabetes (N = 11; RR = 0.96, 95%CI = 0.93, 0.99; P = 0.021). We did not identify evidence for heterogeneity nor publication bias., CONCLUSIONS: This systematic review and meta-analysis suggests relatively small or neutral overall associations of butter with mortality, CVD, and diabetes. These findings do not support a need for major emphasis in dietary guidelines on either increasing or decreasing butter consumption, in comparison to other better established dietary priorities; while also highlighting the need for additional investigation of health and metabolic effects of butter and dairy fat.
Effect of Improving Dietary Quality on Arterial Stiffness in Subjects with Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes: A 12 Months Randomised Controlled Trial.; People with diabetes have accelerated arterial stiffening. The aim of this study was to determine the effect of increasing fruit, vegetable and dairy intake for 12 months on carotid femoral pulse wave velocity (cfPWV), augmentation index (AIx), and central blood pressure (cBP), compared to a usual diet control, in people with type 1 and type 2 diabetes. In a 12 months randomised controlled trial, cfPWV, AIx and cBP were measured every 3 months. The intervention group received dietary counselling to increase consumption of fruit (+1 serving/day; 150 g/day), vegetables (+2 servings/day; 150 g/day) and dairy (+1 serving/day; 200-250 g/day) at baseline, 1, 3, 6 and 9 months. The control group continued on their usual diet. One hundred and nine participants were randomised and 92 (intervention n = 45; control n = 47) completed. At 3 months, fruit (184 g/day; p = 0.001) and dairy (83 g/day; p = 0.037) intake increased in the intervention group compared with the control group but this increase was not maintained at 12 months. After adjustment for baseline measurements there was no time by treatment effect for central systolic or diastolic BP, AIx or cfPWV. A time effect existed for AIx which modestly increased over time. Peripheral diastolic BP and central pulse pressure were improved in the intervention group compared with the control group at 12 months. In the cohort with type 1 and type 2 diabetes, improving dietary quality by increasing consumption of fruit, vegetables and dairy did not improve cBP, AIx or cfPWV, compared with a control group continuing on their usual diet, after 12 months.
Metabolic Programming: Effects of Early Nutrition on Growth, Metabolism and Body Composition.; High protein requirements of premature infants during the first weeks of postnatal life are a well-established fact. Those infants gain fat-free mass and protein rapidly during the first weeks of postnatal growth and require a much higher protein/energy ratio than term infants. Recommended protein intakes are 3.5-4.0 g/kg per day. For term infants, on the other hand, FAO and WHO have recently lowered recommended protein intakes to better reflect our current knowledge about the protein concentration in breast milk during the first 12 months of lactation. Longitudinal randomized clinical trials now confirm that term infants who are fed infant and follow-up formulas with protein concentrations >2.25 g/100 kcal (high protein formulas) during the first year of life grow faster than indicated by the WHO growth standards. Rapid weight gain during infancy is a predictor of childhood and adult obesity. Infants fed high protein quality formulas with protein concentrations of 1.6-2.2 g/100 kcal from 3 to 4 months onwards experience weight gain that is very close to that of breastfed infants. Biomarkers (insulin or IGF-1) of infants receiving low protein formulas differ from those of infants receiving high protein formulas. Six-year-old children who received low protein formulas in the first year of life had a lower risk of childhood obesity (BMI >95th percentile of WHO standards) compared with children who received high protein formulas as infants. BMI at 5 years of age is similar in children who were breastfed or received low protein formulas as infants. It is most important that the new low protein formulas are safe and adequate for all healthy term infants. Based on new protein technologies, the levels of essential and branched-chain amino acids in low protein formulas are now close to those in breast milk. Safety has been confirmed by following anthropometric parameters to 5-6 years of age and comparing these parameters with the WHO growth standards. Body composition measurements indicate similar protein accretion between 3 and 6 months of age in infants fed high or low protein formulas. Longitudinal data on body composition indicate that children who received a low protein formula until age 12 months gain less fat between 6 and 60 months than children who received a high protein formula. Breastfeeding and the use of low/high protein quality formulas in term infants who cannot be breastfed can help support appropriate metabolic programming during this critical period and reduce the risk of later obesity. Copyright © 2016 Nestec Ltd., Vevey/S. Karger AG, Basel.
Vitamin D3-Supplemented Yogurt Drink Improves Insulin Resistance and Lipid Profiles in Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Randomized Double Blinded Clinical Trial.; BACKGROUND: Our study aimed to examine the effects of daily consumption of vitamin D3-supplemented yogurt (VDY) drink on insulin resistance and lipid profiles in pregnant gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patients., METHODS: Participants aged 24-32 years in their second trimester were randomly assigned to consume either plain yogurt or VDY daily for 16 weeks. Metabolic and lipid profiles including levels of fasting plasma glucose (FPG), serum insulin, triacylglycerol (TAG), total cholesterol (TC) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) were assessed at baseline (week 0) and end of trial (week 16)., RESULTS: After 16 weeks of intervention, insulin-related variables including FPG and serum insulin levels were markedly lower in VDY group participants. Insulin resistance parameters, such as homeostasis model of assessment of insulin resistance and beta cell function, were also significantly reduced in VDY group participants. Moreover, levels of TAG, TC and LDL, as well as the TC to high-density lipoprotein ratio, had also significantly decreased in the VDY group., CONCLUSION: Daily consumption of VDY drink improves insulin resistance and lipid profiles in women with GDM. Copyright © 2016 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Breast Milk Consumption in Preterm Neonates and Cardiac Shape in Adulthood.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Preterm birth relates to long-term alterations in cardiac morphology and function. Understanding whether preterm postnatal life is a tractable period of cardiovascular development that can be positively altered by nutrition is relevant to long-term outcomes. We hypothesized that being fed human breast milk during early postnatal life is beneficial to long-term cardiac structure and function in preterm-born individuals compared with infant formulas., METHODS: A total of 926 preterm-born infants originally took part in a randomized controlled trial of postnatal milk-feeding regimens between 1982 and 1985 across 5 different UK centers. Preterm-born individuals were randomly assigned to either breast milk donated by unrelated lactating women or nutrient-enriched formulas. We followed 102 individuals from this cohort: 30 of whom had been randomized to being fed exclusively human milk and 16 to being fed exclusively formula. As a comparison group, we recruited an additional 102 individuals born term to uncomplicated pregnancies. Cardiac morphology and function were assessed by MRI., RESULTS: Preterm-born individuals fed exclusively human milk as infants had increased left and right ventricular end-diastolic volume index (+9.73%, P = .04 and +18.2%, P < .001) and stroke volume index (+9.79%, P = .05 and +22.1%, P = .01) compared with preterm-born individuals who were exclusively formula fed as infants., CONCLUSIONS: This study provides the first evidence of a beneficial association between breast milk and cardiac morphology and function in adult life in those born preterm and supports promotion of human milk for the care of preterm infants to reduce long-term cardiovascular risk. Copyright © 2016 by the American Academy of Pediatrics.
A Daily Snack Containing Leafy Green Vegetables, Fruit, and Milk before and during Pregnancy Prevents Gestational Diabetes in a Randomized, Controlled Trial in Mumbai, India.; BACKGROUND: Prospective observational studies suggest that maternal diets rich in leafy green vegetables and fruit may help prevent gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)., OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to test whether increasing women's dietary intake of leafy green vegetables, fruit, and milk before conception and throughout pregnancy reduced their risk of GDM., METHODS: Project SARAS ("excellent") (2006-2012) was a nonblinded, individually randomized, controlled trial in women living in slums in the city of Mumbai, India. The interventions included a daily snack made from leafy green vegetables, fruit, and milk for the treatment group or low-micronutrient vegetables (e.g., potato and onion) for the control group, in addition to the usual diet. Results for the primary outcome, birth weight, have been reported. Women were invited to take an oral-glucose-tolerance test (OGTT) at 28-32 wk gestation to screen for GDM (WHO 1999 criteria). The prevalence of GDM was compared between the intervention and control groups, and Kernel density analysis was used to compare distributions of 120-min plasma glucose concentrations between groups., RESULTS: Of 6513 women randomly assigned, 2291 became pregnant; of these, 2028 reached a gestation of 28 wk, 1008 (50%) attended for an OGTT, and 100 (9.9%) had GDM. In an intention-to-treat analysis, the prevalence of GDM was reduced in the treatment group (7.3% compared with 12.4% in controls; OR: 0.56; 95% CI: 0.36, 0.86; P = 0.008). The reduction in GDM remained significant after adjusting for prepregnancy adiposity and fat or weight gain during pregnancy. Kernel density analysis showed that this was explained by the fact that fewer women in the treatment group had a 2-h glucose concentration in the range 7.5-10.0 mmol/L., CONCLUSIONS: In low-income settings, in which women have a low intake of micronutrient-rich foods, improving dietary micronutrient quality by increasing intake of leafy green vegetables, fruit, and/or milk may have an important protective effect against the development of GDM. This trial was registered at www.controlled-trials.com as ISRCTN62811278.
Environmental organic pollutants in human milk before and after weight loss.; Many persistent organic pollutants (POPs) are banned because they accumulate in organisms and are toxic. Lipophilic POPs are stored in maternal adipose tissue and concentrations in human milk (HM) may increase during weight loss. Our aim was to examine associations between weight loss and concentrations of chlorinated POPs in HM in lactating women participating in a weight loss study. We analysed POPs (PCB 28, PCB 153, HCB, DDE) in HM at 12 and 24 weeks postpartum from 32 women who participated in a randomized, 2 x 2 factorial trial of diet and exercise for postpartum weight loss. Participants donated milk before and after the intervention period. We examined associations between weight loss and change in POP concentrations and estimated the intake of POPs by their breastfed infants. Most (n = 27) women lost weight during intervention, 0.45 +/- 0.30 kg/week (mean +/- SD). Among these women, the concentration of PCB 153 in HM was significantly (p = 0.04) higher at follow-up than at baseline. Weight loss was significantly positively associated with changes in concentrations of all studied POPs (2.0-2.4% increase per percent weight loss). Estimated mean intakes of POPs (ng/day) remained stable because infant milk consumption decreased during the study period. As infants gained weight, estimated mean intakes per kg body weight decreased 17-22%. Changes in concentrations of POPs in HM correlated positively with maternal weight loss, but it is unlikely that the balance between the benefits and risks of breastfeeding will change if the weight loss is restricted to 0.5 kg per week. Copyright © 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The Effects of an Olive Fruit Polyphenol-Enriched Yogurt on Body Composition, Blood Redox Status, Physiological and Metabolic Parameters and Yogurt Microflora.; In the present study we investigated the effects of an olive polyphenol-enriched yogurt on yogurt microflora, as well as hematological, physiological and metabolic parameters, blood redox status and body composition. In a randomized double-blind, crossover design, 16 (6 men, 10 women) nonsmoking volunteers with non-declared pathology consumed either 400 g of olive fruit polyphenol-enriched yogurt with 50 mg of encapsulated olive polyphenols (experimental condition-EC) or 400 g of plain yogurt (control condition-CC) every day for two weeks. Physiological measurements and blood collection were performed before and after two weeks of each condition. The results showed that body weight, body mass index, hip circumference and systolic blood pressure decreased significantly (p < 0.05) following the two-week consumption of yogurt regardless of condition. A tendency towards significance for decreased levels of low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol (p = 0.06) and thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (p < 0.05) following two weeks of polyphenol-enriched yogurt consumption was observed. The population of lactic acid bacteria (LAB) and production of lactate in yogurt were significantly enhanced after addition of olive polyphenols, contrary to the population of yeasts and molds. The results indicate that consumption of the polyphenol-enriched yogurt may help individuals with non-declared pathology reduce body weight, blood pressure, LDL cholesterol levels and lipid peroxidation, and promote growth of beneficial LAB.
GTL001, A Therapeutic Vaccine for Women Infected with Human Papillomavirus 16 or 18 and Normal Cervical Cytology: Results of a Phase I Clinical Trial.; PURPOSE: Women infected with human papillomavirus (HPV) with normal cytology to mild abnormalities currently have no treatment options other than watchful waiting or surgery if high-grade cervical lesions or cancer develop. A therapeutic vaccine would offer the possibility of preventing high-grade lesions in HPV-infected women. GTL001 is a therapeutic vaccine composed of recombinant HPV16 and HPV18 E7 proteins fused to catalytically inactive Bordetella pertussis CyaA. This study examined the tolerability and immunogenicity of GTL001 in women infected with HPV16 or HPV18 with normal cytology., EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: This was a phase I trial (EudraCT No. 2010-018629-21). In an open-label part, subjects received two intradermal vaccinations 6 weeks apart of 100 or 600 mug GTL001 + topical 5% imiquimod cream at the injection site. In a double-blind part, subjects were randomized 2:1:1 to two vaccinations 6 weeks apart of 600 mug GTL001 + imiquimod, 600 mug GTL001 + placebo cream, or placebo + imiquimod., RESULTS: Forty-seven women were included. No dropouts, treatment-related serious adverse events, or dose-limiting toxicities occurred. Local reactions were transient and mostly mild or moderate. HPV16/18 viral load decreased the most in the 600 mug GTL001 + imiquimod group. In post hoc analyses, the 600 mug GTL001 + imiquimod group had the highest rates of initial and sustained HPV16/18 clearance. Imiquimod increased antigen-specific T-cell response rates but not rates of solicited reactions. All subjects seroconverted to CyaA., CONCLUSIONS: For women infected with HPV16 or HPV18 with normal cervical cytology, GTL001 was immunogenic and had acceptable safety profile. Clin Cancer Res; 22(13); 3238-48. ©2016 AACR. Copyright ©2016 American Association for Cancer Research.
Melatonin for Prevention of Breast Radiation Dermatitis: A Phase II, Prospective, Double-Blind Randomized Trial.; BACKGROUND: Radiation-induced dermatitis is commonly seen during radiotherapy for breast cancer. Melatonin-based creams have shown a protective effect against ultraviolet-induced erythema and a radioprotective effect in rats., OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the efficacy of melatonin-containing cream in minimizing acute radiation dermatitis., METHODS: In this phase II, prospective, randomized, placebo-controlled double-blind study, patients who underwent breast-conserving surgery for stage 0-2 breast cancer were randomly allocated to melatonin emulsion (26 women) or placebo (21 women) for twice daily use during radiation treatment and 2 weeks following the end of radiotherapy. All women received 50 Gy whole breast radiation therapy with 2 Gy/fx using computed tomography-based 3D planning. Patients were examined and completed a detailed questionnaire weekly and 2 weeks following the end of treatment., RESULTS: The occurrence of grade 1/2 acute radiation dermatitis was significantly lower (59% vs. 90%, P = 0.038) in the melatonin group. Women older than 50 had significantly less dermatitis than younger patients (56% vs. 100%, P = 0.021). The maximal radiation dermatitis in the study group was grade 2 in 15% of the treated patients., CONCLUSIONS: Patients treated with melatonin-containing emulsion experienced significantly reduced radiation dermatitis compared to patients receiving placebo.
Acute dairy milk ingestion does not improve nitric oxide-dependent vasodilation in the cutaneous microcirculation.; In epidemiological studies, chronic dairy milk consumption is associated with improved vascular health and reduced age-related increases in blood pressure. Although milk protein supplementation augments conduit artery flow-mediated dilation, whether or not acute dairy milk intake may improve microvascular function remains unclear. We hypothesised that dairy milk would increase direct measurement of endothelial nitric oxide (NO)-dependent cutaneous vasodilation in response to local skin heating. Eleven men and women (61 (sem 2) years) ingested two or four servings (473 and 946 ml) of 1 % dairy milk or a rice beverage on each of 4 separate study days. In a subset of five subjects, an additional protocol was completed after 473 ml of water ingestion. Once a stable blood flow occurred, 15 mm-N G -nitro-l-arginine methyl ester was perfused (intradermal microdialysis) to quantify NO-dependent vasodilation. Red-blood-cell flux (RBF) was measured by laser-Doppler flowmetry, and cutaneous vascular conductance (CVC=RBF/mean arterial pressure) was calculated and normalised to maximum (%CVCmax; 28 mm-sodium nitroprusside). Full expression of cutaneous vasodilation was not different among dairy milk, rice beverage and water, and there was no effect of serving size on the total vasodilatory response. Contrary to our hypothesis, NO-dependent vasodilation was lower for dairy milk than rice beverage (D: 49 (sem 5), R: 55 (sem 5) %CVCmax; P<0.01). Acute dairy milk ingestion does not augment NO-dependent vasodilation in the cutaneous microcirculation compared with a rice beverage control.
Comparison of energy supplements during prolonged exercise for maintenance of cardiac function: carbohydrate only versus carbohydrate plus whey or casein hydrolysate.; Cardiac function is often suppressed following prolonged strenuous exercise and this may occur partly because of an energy deficit. This study compared left ventricular (LV) function by 2-dimensional echocardiography and tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) before and after ~2.5 h of cycling (2-h steady-state 60% peak aerobic power output plus 16 km time trial) in 8 male cyclists when they ingested either placebo, carbohydrate-only (CHO-only), carbohydrate-casein hydrolysate (CHO-casein), or carbohydrate-whey hydrolysate (CHO-whey). No treatment-by-time interactions occurred, but pre-to-postexercise time effects occurred selectively. Although diastolic function measured by pulsed-wave Doppler early-to-late (E/A) transmitral blood flow velocity was suppressed in all trials from pre- to postexercise (mean change post-pre exercise: -0.53 (95% CI -0.15 to -0.91)), TDI early-to-late (e'/a') tissue velocity was significantly suppressed pre- to postexercise only with placebo, CHO-only, and CHO-whey (septal and lateral wall e'/a' average change: -0.62 (95% CI -1.12 to -0.12); -0.69 (95% CI -1.19 to -0.20); and -0.79 (95% CI -1.28 to -0.29), respectively) but not with CHO-casein (-0.40 (95% CI -0.90 to 0.09)). LV contractility was, or tended to be, significantly reduced pre- to postexercise with placebo, CHO-only, and CHO-whey (systolic blood pressure/end systolic volume change, mm Hg.mL(-1): -0.8 (95% CI -1.2 to -0.4), p = 0.0003; -0.5 (95% CI -0.9 to -0.02), p = 0.035; and -0.4 (95% CI -0.8 to 0.04), p = 0.086, respectively), but not with CHO-casein (-0.3 (95% CI -0.8 to 0.1), p = 0.22). However, ejection fraction (EF) and ventricular-arterial coupling were significantly reduced pre- to postexercise only with placebo (placebo change: EF, -4.6 (95% CI -8.4 to -0.7)%; stroke volume/end systolic volume, -0.3 (95% CI -0.6 to -0.04)). Despite no treatment-by-time interactions, pre-to-postexercise time effects observed with specific beverages may be meaningful for athletes. Tentatively, the order of beverages with least-to-most variables displaying a time effect indicating suppression of LV function following exercise was CHO-casein < CHO-only and CHO-whey < placebo, and calls for further verification.
Association of lactase persistence genotype with milk consumption, obesity and blood pressure: a Mendelian randomization study in the 1982 Pelotas (Brazil) Birth Cohort, with a systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Milk intake has been associated with lower blood pressure (BP) in observational studies, and randomized controlled trials suggested that milk-derived tripeptides have BP-lowering effects. Milk intake has also been associated with body mass index (BMI). Nevertheless, it is unclear whether increasing milk consumption would reduce BP in the general population., METHODS: We investigated the association of milk intake with obesity and BP using genetically-defined lactase persistence (LP) based on the rs4988235 polymorphism in a Mendelian randomization design in the 1982 Pelotas (Southern Brazil) Birth Cohort. These results were combined with published reports identified through a systematic review using meta-analysis., RESULTS: In the 1982 Pelotas Birth Cohort, milk intake was 42 [95% confidence interval (CI): 18; 67) ml/day higher in LP individuals. In conventional observational analysis, each 1-dl/day increase in milk intake was associated with -0.26 (95% CI: -0.33; -0.19) kg/m2 in BMI and -0.31 (95% CI: -0.46; -0.16) and -0.35 (95% CI: -0.46; -0.23) mmHg in systolic and diastolic BP, respectively. These results were not corroborated when analysing LP status, but confidence intervals were large. In random effects meta-analysis, LP individuals presented higher BMI [0.17 (95% CI: 0.07; 0.27) kg/m2] and higher odds of overweight-obesity [1.09 (95% CI: 1.02; 1.17)]. There were no reliable associations for BP., CONCLUSIONS: Our study supports that LP is positively associated with obesity, suggesting that the negative association of milk intake with obesity is likely due to limitations of conventional observational studies. Our findings also do not support that increased milk intake leads to lower BP. Copyright © The Author 2016. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the International Epidemiological Association.
Effect of Donor Milk on Severe Infections and Mortality in Very Low-Birth-Weight Infants: The Early Nutrition Study Randomized Clinical Trial.; IMPORTANCE: Infections and necrotizing enterocolitis, major causes of mortality and morbidity in preterm infants, are reduced in infants fed their own mother's milk when compared with formula. When own mother's milk is not available, human donor milk is considered a good alternative, albeit an expensive one. However, most infants at modern neonatal intensive care units are predominantly fed with own mother's milk. The benefits of add-on donor milk over formula are not clear., OBJECTIVE: To determine whether providing donor milk instead of formula as supplemental feeding whenever own mother's milk is insufficiently available during the first 10 days of life reduces the incidence of serious infection, necrotizing enterocolitis, and mortality., DESIGN, SETTINGS, AND PARTICIPANTS: The Early Nutrition Study was a multicenter, double-blind randomized clinical trial in very low-birth-weight infants (birth weight <1500 g) admitted to 1 of 6 neonatal intensive care units in the Netherlands from March 30, 2012, through August 17, 2014. Intent-to-treat analysis was performed., INTERVENTIONS: Infants received pasteurized donor milk or preterm formula during the first 10 days of life if own mother's milk was not (sufficiently) available., MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The primary end point was cumulative occurrence of serious infection (sepsis or meningitis), necrotizing enterocolitis, or mortality during the first 60 days of life., RESULTS: A total of 930 infants were screened for inclusion; 557 were excluded, resulting in 373 infants (183 receiving donor milk and 190 receiving formula) who were evaluated by intent-to-treat analysis (median birth weight, 1066 g; mean gestational age, 28.4 weeks). Own mother's milk comprised 89.1% and 84.5% of total mean intake during the intervention period for the donor milk and formula groups, respectively. The incidence of the combined outcome was not different (85 [44.7%] [formula] vs 77 [42.1%] [donor milk]; mean difference, 2.6%; 95% CI, -12.7% to 7.4%). The adjusted hazard ratio was 0.87 (95% CI, 0.63-1.19; P = .37)., CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In the current study, pasteurized donor milk and preterm formula as supplemental feeding during the first 10 days of life yielded similar short-term outcomes in very low-birth-weight infants regarding safety and efficacy when own mother's milk availability was insufficient. Future studies investigating longer duration of use of human donor milk on short-term and long-term outcomes are necessary., TRIAL REGISTRATION: trialregister.nl Identifier: NTR3225.
Beneficial effects of Bifidobacterium lactis on lipid profile and cytokines in patients with metabolic syndrome: A randomized trial. Effects of probiotics on metabolic syndrome.; OBJECTIVE: Human studies have shown the beneficial effects of probiotic microorganisms on the parameters of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and other cardiovascular risks, but to our knowledge the effect of Bifidobacterium lactis has not yet been reported. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of consumption of milk containing the probiotic B. lactis HN019 on the classical parameters of MetS and other related cardiovascular risk factors., METHODS: Fifty-one patients with MetS were selected and divided into a control group (n = 25) and a probiotic group (n = 26). The probiotic group consumed fermented milk with probiotics over the course of 45 d. The effects of B. lactis on lipid profile, glucose metabolism, and proinflammatory cytokines (tumor necrosis factor-alpha and interleukin-6) were assessed in blood samples of the individuals at the baseline and after 45 d., RESULTS: Daily ingestion of 80 mL fermented milk with 2.72 x 10(10) colony-forming units of B. lactis HN019 showed significant reduction in body mass index (P = 0.017), total cholesterol (P = 0.009), and low-density lipoprotein (P = 0.008) compared with baseline and control group values. Furthermore, a significant decrease in tumor necrosis factor-alpha (P = 0.033) and interleukin-6 (P = 0.044) proinflammatory cytokines was observed., CONCLUSION: These data showed potential effects of B. lactis HN019 in reducing obesity, blood lipids, and some inflammatory markers, which may reduce cardiovascular risk in patients with MetS. Copyright © 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The Impact of the CHILE Intervention on the Food Served in Head Start Centers in Rural New Mexico.; BACKGROUND: The Child Health Initiative for Lifelong Eating and Exercise is a multicomponent obesity-prevention intervention, which was evaluated among Head Start (HS) centers in American Indian and predominantly Hispanic communities in rural New Mexico. This study examines the intervention's foodservice outcomes: fruits, vegetables, whole grains, discretionary fats, added sugars, and fat from milk served in meals and snacks., METHODS: Sixteen HS centers were randomized to intervention/comparison groups, following stratification by ethnicity and preintervention median body mass index of enrolled children. The foodservice component included quarterly trainings for foodservice staff about food purchasing and preparation. Foods served were evaluated before and after the 2-year intervention, in the fall 2008 and spring 2010., RESULTS: The intervention significantly decreased fat provided through milk and had no significant effect on fruit, vegetables and whole-grain servings, discretionary fats, and added sugar served in HS meals and snacks. When effect modification by site ethnicity was examined, the effect on fat provided through milk was only found in American Indian sites., CONCLUSIONS: Foodservice interventions can reduce the amount of fat provided through milk served in HS. More research is needed regarding the implementation of foodservice interventions to improve the composition of foods served in early education settings. Copyright © 2016, American School Health Association.
Early versus Delayed Human Milk Fortification in Very Low Birth Weight Infants-A Randomized Controlled Trial.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the effect of initiating human milk fortification at 2 different feeding volumes on feeding intolerance and the time to reach full feeding volume., STUDY DESIGN: Very low birth weight infants (n = 100) were prospectively randomized to early fortification (EF) (beginning at a feeding volume of 20 mL/kg/d) or delayed fortification (at a feeding volume of 100 mL/kg/d). We employed a standardized feeding protocol and parenteral nutrition guidelines for the nutritional management of all study infants., RESULTS: The median days to reach full feeding volumes were equivalent in the 2 groups (20 vs 20, P = .45). No significant difference was observed in the total number of episodes of feeding intolerance (58 vs 57). Two cases of necrotizing enterocolitis (Bell stage >=2) and deaths occurred in each group. Median daily protein intake (g/kg/d) was higher in EF group in week 1 (3.3 [3.2, 3.5] vs 3.1 [2.9, 3.3], P < .001), week 2 (3.6 [3.5, 3.8] vs 3.2 [2.9, 3.4], P < .001), and week 3 (3.7 [3.4, 3.9] vs 3.5 [2.8, 3.8], P = .006). Cumulative protein intake (g/kg) in the first 4 weeks of life was higher in EF group (98.6 [93.8, 104] vs 89.6 [84.2, 96.4], P < .001)., CONCLUSIONS: Very early human milk fortification may improve early protein intake in very low birth weight infants without increasing frequencies of adverse events., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT01988792. Copyright © 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Prior Exercise Does Not Reduce Postprandial Lipemia Following a Mixed Glucose Meal When Compared with a Mixed Fructose Meal.; This study examined the effect of prior exercise on postprandial lipemia (PPL) concentration following a mixed meal (MM) made with either glucose or fructose. Sedentary women completed four trials in random order: 1) Rest-Fructose: RF, 2) Rest-Glucose: RG, 3) Exercise-Fructose: EF, 4) Exercise-Glucose: EG. Exercise expended 500 kcal while walking at 70%VO2max. Rest was 60 min of sitting. The morning after each trial, a fasting (12 hr) blood sample was collected followed by consumption of the MM. The MM was blended with whole milk and ice cream plus a glucose or fructose powder. Glucose and fructose powder accounted for 30% of the total kcal within the MM. Blood was collected periodically for 6 hr post-MM and analyzed for PPL. Magnitude of PPL over the 6 hr postmeal was quantified using the triglyceride incremental area under the curve (TG AUCI). Significant differences (p < .05) between trials were determined using repeated-measures ANOVA and Bonferroni post hoc test. There was no significant difference in the TG AUCI between the four trials (p > .05). A significant trial by time interaction for TG concentration was reported (p < .05). Despite lack of change in the AUCI with prior exercise, the lower TG concentration at multiple time points in the EG trial does indicate that prior exercise has some desirable effect on PPL. This study suggests that replacing fructose with glucose sugars and incorporating exercise may minimize PPL following a mixed meal but exercise will need to elicit greater energy expenditure.
Effect of topical application of melatonin cream 12.5% on cognitive parameters: A randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind crossover study in healthy volunteers.; BACKGROUND: Skin cancer is an increasing problem in modern dermatology. Earlier studies have shown protective effects against ultraviolet radiation (UVR)-induced skin damage by topical treatment with melatonin. However, the potential sedative effects of full body topical application of melatonin have never been investigated. Objectives The aim of this study was to assess the degree of cognitive dysfunction when using melatonin cream as full body topical application., METHODS: In a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind crossover study in healthy volunteers, the degree of cognitive dysfunction when using cream containing 12.5% melatonin as full body application was assessed. A group of ten volunteers had melatonin cream 12.5% applied on 80% of their body surface area, and degree of cognitive dysfunction was assessed using a test battery consisting of Karolinska sleepiness scale (KSS), Finger tapping test (FTT) and Continuous Reaction time (CRT)., RESULTS: No significant effects on cognitive parameters were found. However, great inter-individual variations on cognitive parameters were observed., CONCLUSION: This study was the first to assess degree of cognitive dysfunction resulting from application of melatonin cream on a full body surface area. The results support that melatonin is a safe drug for dermal application even in a high dosage.
Effects of milk containing only A2 beta casein versus milk containing both A1 and A2 beta casein proteins on gastrointestinal physiology, symptoms of discomfort, and cognitive behavior of people with self-reported intolerance to traditional cows' milk.; BACKGROUND: Cows' milk generally contains two types of beta-casein, A1 and A2 types. Digestion of A1 type can yield the peptide beta-casomorphin-7, which is implicated in adverse gastrointestinal effects of milk consumption, some of which resemble those in lactose intolerance. This study aimed to compare the effects of milk containing A1 beta-casein with those of milk containing only A2 beta-casein on inflammation, symptoms of post-dairy digestive discomfort (PD3), and cognitive processing in subjects with self-reported lactose intolerance., METHODS: Forty-five Han Chinese subjects participated in this double-blind, randomized, 2 x 2 crossover trial and consumed milk containing both beta-casein types or milk containing only A2 beta-casein. Each treatment period was 14 days with a 14-day washout period at baseline and between treatment periods. Outcomes included PD3, gastrointestinal function (measured by smart pill), Subtle Cognitive Impairment Test (SCIT), serum/fecal laboratory biomarkers, and adverse events., RESULTS: Compared with milk containing only A2 beta-casein, the consumption of milk containing both beta-casein types was associated with significantly greater PD3 symptoms; higher concentrations of inflammation-related biomarkers and beta-casomorphin-7; longer gastrointestinal transit times and lower levels of short-chain fatty acids; and increased response time and error rate on the SCIT. Consumption of milk containing both beta-casein types was associated with worsening of PD3 symptoms relative to baseline in lactose tolerant and lactose intolerant subjects. Consumption of milk containing only A2 beta-casein did not aggravate PD3 symptoms relative to baseline (i.e., after washout of dairy products) in lactose tolerant and intolerant subjects., CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of milk containing A1 beta-casein was associated with increased gastrointestinal inflammation, worsening of PD3 symptoms, delayed transit, and decreased cognitive processing speed and accuracy. Because elimination of A1 beta-casein attenuated these effects, some symptoms of lactose intolerance may stem from inflammation it triggers, and can be avoided by consuming milk containing only the A2 type of beta casein., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov/NCT02406469.
Effect of whey protein on blood lipid profiles: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.; Previous studies have suggested that whey supplementation may have beneficial effects on lipid profiles, although results were inconsistent. A literature search was performed in March 2015 for randomized controlled trials observing the effects of whey protein and its derivatives on circulating levels of triacylglycerol (TG), total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). A meta-analysis was subsequently conducted. The meta-analysis results of 13 trials showed that whey supplementation significantly reduced the circulating TG level by 0.11 mmol/l (95% CI: -0.21, 0 mmol/l), whereas the whey protein had no effects on circulating TC (-0.11 mmol/l, 95% CI: -0.27, 0.05 mmol/l), LDL-C (-0.08 mmol/l, 95% CI: -0.23, 0.07 mmol/l) and HDL-C (0.01 mmol/l, 95% CI: -0.04, 0.05 mmol/l). Subgroup analysis showed that significant TG reduction disappeared in participants with low body mass index, low supplemental whey dose or under exercise training/energy restriction during the trial. No evidence of heterogeneity across studies and publication bias was observed. In conclusion, our findings demonstrated that the effects of whey protein supplementation were modest, with an overall lowering effect on TG but no effect on TC, LDL-C and HDL-C.
Fructose Containing Sugars at Normal Levels of Consumption Do Not Effect Adversely Components of the Metabolic Syndrome and Risk Factors for Cardiovascular Disease.; The objective of the current study was to explore our hypothesis that average consumption of fructose and fructose containing sugars would not increase risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and the metabolic syndrome (MetS). A randomized, double blind, parallel group study was conducted where 267 individuals with BMI between 23 and 35 kg/m2 consumed low fat sugar sweetened milk, daily for ten weeks as part of usual weight-maintenance diet. One group consumed 18% of calories from high fructose corn syrup (HFCS), another group consumed 18% of calories from sucrose, a third group consumed 9% of calories from fructose, and the fourth group consumed 9% of calories from glucose. There was a small change in waist circumference (80.9 +/- 9.5 vs. 81.5 +/- 9.5 cm) in the entire cohort, as well as in total cholesterol (4.6 +/- 1.0 vs. 4.7 +/- 1.0 mmol/L, p < 0.01), triglycerides (TGs) (11.5 +/- 6.4 vs. 12.6 +/- 8.9 mmol/L, p < 0.01), and systolic (109.2 +/- 10.2 vs. 106.1 +/- 10.4 mmHg, p < 0.01) and diastolic blood pressure (69.8 +/- 8.7 vs. 68.1 +/- 9.7 mmHg, p < 0.01). The effects of commonly consumed sugars on components of the MetS and CVD risk factors are minimal, mixed and not clinically significant.
Promotion of healthy nutrition among students participating in a school food aid program: a randomized trial.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the potential benefits on students' eating habits, of incorporating healthy nutrition education as part of a school food aid program., METHODS: 146 schools participating in the DIATROFI Program in Greece during the 2013-2014 school year were randomly allocated to the environmental intervention (received a healthy daily meal) and the multicomponent intervention (MI) group (in addition to the meal, a healthy nutrition educational program was applied). The analysis, based on 3627 pre-post intervention questionnaire pairs, was stratified for children (ages 4-11 years) and adolescents (ages 12-18 years)., RESULTS: Children participating in the MI group displayed 25 % higher odds of increasing the weekly consumption of milk/yoghurt and fruits, 61 % higher odds of improving BMI from overweight/obese to normal and 2.5 times higher odds of improving from underweight to normal. For adolescents in the MI group, the odds of increasing the consumption of vegetables were 40 % higher. In both intervention groups, approximately one in four overweight/obese adolescents reached normal weight., CONCLUSIONS: Educational programs on healthy nutrition might be considered worth implementing in the framework of school food aid programs.
Gel of chamomile vs. urea cream to prevent acute radiation dermatitis in patients with head and neck cancer: a randomized controlled trial.; AIM: To compare a gel made with chamomile (Chamomilla recutita) with a cream of urea as an intervention to delay the time to occurrence of radiation dermatitis., BACKGROUND: Radiation dermatitis is one of the most common adverse effects of radiotherapy in patients with head and neck cancer. It is characterized by erythema, itching, pain, skin breakage and burning sensation, and there is no consensus on how to prevent it., DESIGN: The study is a randomized controlled clinical trial., METHODS: We will recruit 48 individuals with head and neck cancer who will be starting their radiotherapy and randomize them to receive either gel of chamomile or cream of urea, as an intervention for prevention of radiation dermatitis. Social-demographic data will be collected at baseline, and clinical data will be collected before the initiation of radiotherapy. Participants will be followed weekly to assess development of radiation dermatitis. The protocol is funded by Conselho Nacional de Pesquisa e Desenvolvimento Cientifico (Brazil). The study was approved by a research ethics committee., DISCUSSION: Given the clinical relevance of preventing radiation dermatitis and the lack of evidence supporting specific preventive interventions, it is important to study new products that might be efficacious to prevent this complication. This article presents the protocol of a randomized controlled trial comparing a gel made with chamomile (intervention) with a cream of urea (control) to prevent radiation dermatitis in patients with head and neck cancer undergoing radiotherapy. Copyright © 2016 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Yogurt consumption and abdominal obesity reversion in the PREDIMED study.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Evidence on the association yogurt consumption and obesity is not conclusive. The aim of this study was to prospectively evaluate the association between yogurt consumption, reversion of abdominal obesity status and waist circumference change in elderly., METHODS AND RESULTS: 4545 individuals at high cardiovascular risk were prospectively followed. Total, whole-fat and low-fat yogurt consumption were assessed using food frequency questionnaires. Generalized estimating equations were used to analyze the association between yogurt consumption and waist circumference change (measured at baseline and yearly during the follow-up). Logistic regression models were used to evaluate the odds ratios (ORs) and 95% CIs of the reversion rate of abdominal obesity for each quintile of yogurt consumption compared with the lowest quintile. After multivariable adjustment, the average yearly waist circumference change in the quintiles of whole-fat yogurt consumption was: Q1: 0.00, Q2: 0.00 (-0.23 to 0.23), Q3: -0.15 (-0.42 to 0.13), Q4: 0.10 (-0.21 to 0.42), and Q5: -0.23 (-0.46 to -0.00) cm; p for trend = 0.05. The ORs for the reversion of abdominal obesity for whole-fat yogurt consumption were Q1: 1.00, Q2: 1.40 (1.04-1.90), Q3: 1.33 (0.94-1.89), Q4: 1.21 (0.83-1.77), and Q5: 1.43 (1.06-1.93); p for trend = 0.26., CONCLUSION: Total yogurt consumption was not significantly associated with reversion of abdominal obesity status and a lower waist circumference. However, consumption of whole-fat yogurt was associated with changes in waist circumference and higher probability for reversion of abdominal obesity. Therefore, it seems that whole-fat yogurt has more beneficial effects in management of abdominal obesity in elderly population at high cardiovascular risk. Copyright © 2015 The Italian Society of Diabetology, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition, and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Cocoa and Whey Protein Differentially Affect Markers of Lipid and Glucose Metabolism and Satiety.; Food formulation with bioactive ingredients is a potential strategy to promote satiety and weight management. Whey proteins are high in leucine and are shown to decrease hunger ratings and increase satiety hormone levels; cocoa polyphenolics moderate glucose levels and slow digestion. This study examined the effects of cocoa and whey proteins on lipid and glucose metabolism and satiety in vitro and in a clinical trial. In vitro, 3T3-L1 preadipocytes were treated with 0.5-100 mug/mL cocoa polyphenolic extract (CPE) and/or 1-15 mM leucine (Leu) and assayed for lipid accumulation and leptin production. In vivo, a 6-week clinical trial consisted of nine panelists (age: 22.6 +/- 1.7; BMI: 22.3 +/- 2.1) consuming chocolate-protein beverages once per week, including placebo, whey protein isolate (WPI), low polyphenolic cocoa (LP), high polyphenolic cocoa (HP), LP-WPI, and HP-WPI. Measurements included blood glucose and adiponectin levels, and hunger ratings at baseline and 0.5-4.0 h following beverage consumption. At levels of 50 and 100 mug/mL, CPE significantly inhibited preadipocyte lipid accumulation by 35% and 50%, respectively, and by 22% and 36% when combined with 15 mM Leu. Leu treatment increased adipocyte leptin production by 26-37%. In the clinical trial, all beverages significantly moderated blood glucose levels 30 min postconsumption. WPI beverages elicited lowest peak glucose levels and HP levels were significantly lower than LP. The WPI and HP beverage treatments significantly increased adiponectin levels, but elicited no significant changes in hunger ratings. These trends suggest that combinations of WPI and cocoa polyphenols may improve markers of metabolic syndrome and satiety.
Interventions To Prevent Retinopathy of Prematurity: A Meta-analysis.; CONTEXT: The effectiveness of many interventions aimed at reducing the risk of retinopathy has not been well established., OBJECTIVE: To estimate the effectiveness of nutritional interventions, oxygen saturation targeting, blood transfusion management, and infection prevention on the incidence of retinopathy of prematurity (ROP)., DATA SOURCES: A comprehensive search of several databases was conducted, including Medline, Embase, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, and Scopus through March 2014., STUDY SELECTION: We included studies that evaluated nutritional interventions, management of supplemental oxygen, blood transfusions, or infection reduction and reported the incidence of ROP and mortality in neonates born at <32 weeks., DATA EXTRACTION: We extracted patient characteristics, interventions, and risk of bias indicators. Outcomes of interest were any stage ROP, severe ROP or ROP requiring treatment, and mortality., RESULTS: We identified 67 studies enrolling 21 819 infants. Lower oxygen saturation targets reduced the risk of developing any stage ROP (relative risk [RR] 0.86, 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.77-0.97) and severe ROP or ROP requiring intervention (RR 0.58, 95% CI, 0.45-0.74) but increased mortality (RR 1.15, 95% CI, 1.04-1.29). Aggressive parenteral nutrition reduced the risk of any stage ROP but not severe ROP. Supplementation of vitamin A, E, or inositol and breast milk feeding were beneficial but only in observational studies. Use of transfusion guidelines, erythropoietin, and antifungal agents were not beneficial., LIMITATIONS: Results of observational studies were not replicated in randomized trials. Interventions were heterogeneous across studies., CONCLUSIONS: At the present time, there are no safe interventions supported with high quality evidence to prevent severe ROP. Copyright © 2016 by the American Academy of Pediatrics.
Prostate cancer - evidence of exercise and nutrition trial (PrEvENT): study protocol for a randomised controlled feasibility trial.; BACKGROUND: A growing body of observational evidence suggests that nutritional and physical activity interventions are associated with beneficial outcomes for men with prostate cancer, including brisk walking, lycopene intake, increased fruit and vegetable intake and reduced dairy consumption. However, randomised controlled trial data are limited. The 'Prostate Cancer: Evidence of Exercise and Nutrition Trial' investigates the feasibility of recruiting and randomising men diagnosed with localised prostate cancer and eligible for radical prostatectomy to interventions that modify nutrition and physical activity. The primary outcomes are randomisation rates and adherence to the interventions at 6 months following randomisation. The secondary outcomes are intervention tolerability, trial retention, change in prostate specific antigen level, change in diet, change in general physical activity levels, insulin-like growth factor levels, and a range of related outcomes, including quality of life measures., METHODS/DESIGN: The trial is factorial, randomising men to both a physical activity (brisk walking or control) and nutritional (lycopene supplementation or increased fruit and vegetables with reduced dairy consumption or control) intervention. The trial has two phases: men are enrolled into a cohort study prior to radical prostatectomy, and then consented after radical prostatectomy into a randomised controlled trial. Data are collected at four time points (cohort baseline, true trial baseline and 3 and 6 months post-randomisation)., DISCUSSION: The Prostate Cancer: Evidence of Exercise and Nutrition Trial aims to determine whether men with localised prostate cancer who are scheduled for radical prostatectomy can be recruited into a cohort and subsequently randomised to a 6-month nutrition and physical activity intervention trial. If successful, this feasibility trial will inform a larger trial to investigate whether this population will gain clinical benefit from long-term nutritional and physical activity interventions post-surgery. Prostate Cancer: Evidence of Exercise and Nutrition Trial (PrEvENT) is registered on the ISRCTN registry, ref number ISRCTN99048944. Date of registration 17 November 2014.
Effects of low-fat milk consumption on metabolic and atherogenic biomarkers in Korean adults with the metabolic syndrome: a randomised controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Previous studies of the health effects of low-fat milk or dairy consumption on the metabolic syndrome have yielded inconsistent results. The present study aimed to investigate the effects of low-fat milk consumption on traits associated with the metabolic syndrome, as well as inflammatory and atherogenic biomarkers, in Korean adults with the metabolic syndrome., METHODS: Overweight Koreans with the metabolic syndrome (n = 58) were recruited and randomly assigned to either the low-fat milk or control group. The low-fat milk group was instructed to consume two packs of low-fat milk per day (200 mL twice daily) for 6 weeks, and the control group was instructed to maintain their habitual diet. Clinical investigations were conducted during the screening visit, on study day 0, and after 6 weeks., RESULTS: No significant differences in changes in body mass index, blood pressure, lipid profile and adiponectin levels, as well as levels of inflammatory markers, oxidative stress markers and atherogenic markers, were found between the low-fat milk and control groups. However, compared to the controls, significant favourable decreases in serum soluble vascular adhesion molecule-1 and endothelin-1 levels were found in the 12 subjects with high blood pressure and in the 18 subjects with hypertriglyceridaemia in the low-fat milk group., CONCLUSIONS: The present study did not demonstrate an overall beneficial effect of low-fat milk consumption in subjects with the metabolic syndrome. However, low-fat milk consumption may have a favourable effect on atherogenic markers in subjects with high blood pressure or hypertriglyceridaemia. Copyright © 2016 The British Dietetic Association Ltd.
The Lacuna Trial: a double-blind randomized controlled pilot trial of lactoferrin supplementation in the very preterm infant.; OBJECTIVE: To determine tolerability of bovine lactoferrin (bLF) in very preterm infants, and whether the intervention can be adequately masked., STUDY DESIGN: In a single-center masked pilot trial infants under 31 weeks gestation were randomized before 48 h of age to receive milk with 100 mg per day of bLF or control. The primary outcome was feeding tolerance, defined as time to achieve full feeds (140 ml kg(-1) per day). Parents answered a short questionnaire regarding acceptability of the intervention., RESULTS: Seventy-nine infants were enrolled and analyzed according to intention to treat. There was no effect of bLF on the primary outcome. In addition, mortality, late onset sepsis and other complications of prematurity were no different. Equal numbers of parents in both groups believed their infant received bLF., CONCLUSION: We demonstrated that bLF is well tolerated, easy to administer and its presence in prepared milk is not evident. Trial registration number ISRCTN66482337.
Food groups associated with a reduced risk of 15-year all-cause death.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Long-term observational cohorts provide the opportunity to investigate the potential impact of dietary patterns on death. We aimed to investigate all-cause death according to the consumption of selected food groups, and then to identify those independently associated with reduced mortality., SUBJECTS/METHODS: Population survey of middle-aged men randomly selected in the period 1995-1997 from the general population of three French areas and followed over a median of 14.8 years. Dietary data were collected through a 3-day food record. Cox modeling was used to assess the risk of death according to selected foods groups after extensive adjustment for confounders, including a diet quality index., RESULTS: The study population comprised 960 men (mean age 55.5 +/-6.2 years). After a median follow-up of 14.8 (interquartile range 14.3-15.2) years, 150 (15.6%) subjects had died. Food groups that remained independently predictive of a lower risk of death after extensive adjustment were an above-median consumption of milk (adjusted relative risk: 0.61, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.43-0.86, P-value=0.005), fruits and vegetables (0.68, 0.46-0.98, P-value=0.041) and a moderate consumption of yogurts and cottage cheese (0.50, 95% CI: 0.31-0.81, P-value=0.005), other cheeses (0.62, 0.39-0.97, P-value=0.036) and bread (0.57, 0.37-0.89, P-value=0.014). Besides, there was a nonsignificant trend for a higher risk of death associated with highest sodium intakes., CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of food groups that largely match recommendations is associated with a reduced risk of all-cause death in men. A diet providing moderate amounts of diverse food groups appears associated with the highest life expectancy.
A randomized trial of high-dairy-protein, variable-carbohydrate diets and exercise on body composition in adults with obesity.; OBJECTIVE: This study determined the effects of 16-week high-dairy-protein, variable-carbohydrate (CHO) diets and exercise training (EXT) on body composition in men and women with overweight/obesity., METHODS: One hundred and eleven participants (age 47 +/- 6 years, body mass 90.9 +/- 11.7 kg, BMI 33 +/- 4 kg/m(2) , values mean +/- SD) were randomly stratified to diets with either: high dairy protein, moderate CHO (40% CHO: 30% protein: 30% fat; ~4 dairy servings); high dairy protein, high CHO (55%: 30%: 15%; ~4 dairy servings); or control (55%: 15%: 30%; ~1 dairy serving). Energy restriction (500 kcal/day) was achieved through diet (~250 kcal/day) and EXT (~250 kcal/day). Body composition was measured using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry before, midway, and upon completion of the intervention., RESULTS: Eighty-nine (25 M/64 F) of 115 participants completed the 16-week intervention, losing 7.7 +/- 3.2 kg fat mass (P < 0.001) and gaining 0.50 +/- 1.75 kg lean mass (P < 0.01). There was no difference in the changes in body composition (fat mass or lean mass) between groups., CONCLUSIONS: Compared to a healthy control diet, energy-restricted high-protein diets containing different proportions of fat and CHO confer no advantage to weight loss or change in body composition in the presence of an appropriate exercise stimulus. Copyright © 2016 The Obesity Society.
Metabolic Effects of a 24-Week Energy-Restricted Intervention Combined with Low or High Dairy Intake in Overweight Women: An NMR-Based Metabolomics Investigation.; We investigated the effect of a 24-week energy-restricted intervention with low or high dairy intake (LD or HD) on the metabolic profiles of urine, blood and feces in overweight/obese women by NMR spectroscopy combined with ANOVA-simultaneous component analysis (ASCA). A significant effect of dairy intake was found on the urine metabolome. HD intake increased urinary citrate, creatinine and urea excretion, and decreased urinary excretion of trimethylamine-N-oxide (TMAO) and hippurate relative to the LD intake, suggesting that HD intake was associated with alterations in protein catabolism, energy metabolism and gut microbial activity. In addition, a significant time effect on the blood metabolome was attributed to a decrease in blood lipid and lipoprotein levels due to the energy restriction. For the fecal metabolome, a trend for a diet effect was found and a series of metabolites, such as acetate, butyrate, propionate, malonate, cholesterol and glycerol tended to be affected. Overall, even though these effects were not accompanied by a higher weight loss, the present metabolomics data reveal that a high dairy intake is associated with endogenous metabolic effects and effects on gut microbial activity that potentially impact body weight regulation and health. Moreover, ASCA has a great potential for exploring the effect of intervention factors and identifying altered metabolites in a multi-factorial metabolomic study.
The effects of water and dairy drinks on dietary patterns in overweight adolescents.; The aim was to investigate the effects of increased water or dairy intake on total intake of energy, nutrients, foods and dietary patterns in overweight adolescents in the Milk Components and Metabolic Syndrome (MoMS) study (n=173). Participants were randomly assigned to consume 1l/d of skim milk, whey, casein or water for 12 weeks. A decrease in the dietary pattern called Convenience Food, identified by principal component analysis, was observed during the intervention both in the water and dairy groups. Total energy intake decreased by 990.9 kJ/d (236.8 kcal/d) in the water group but was unchanged in the dairy group during intervention. To conclude, an extra intake of fluid seems to favourably affect the rest of the diet by decreasing the intake of convenience foods, including sugar-sweetened beverages. A low energy drink, such as water, seems advantageous considering the total energy intake in these overweight adolescents. This study is registered at clinicaltrials.gov (NCT00785499).
[Prospective and controlled study on effect of fortified human milk feeding on infants with extremely and very low birth weight during hospital stay].; OBJECTIVE: To explore the effect of fortified human milk feeding on growth and complications of infants with extremely and very low birth weight (ELBW/VLBW) during hospital stay by a prospective, random and controlled study., METHODS: In the study, 122 ELBW/VLBW infants were enrolled and divided into two groups. The infants fed with human breast milk, combined with human milk fortification (HMF) during hospital stay were named HMF group (n=62), and those fed exclusively with premature formula were named premature formula feeding group (PF group, n=60). The data of the infants'growth (the velocity of increase on the weight, length, head circumference and upper arm circumference), the time of rebounding to birth weight, the time of needing intravenous nutrition, the time of hospitalizing, the proportion of extrauterine growth retardation (EUGR) during hospital stay, the level of hemoglobin, bone metabolism and incidence of complications were compared between the two groups., RESULTS: Among the 122 infants included, (1) the length increment in HMF group was higher than PF group [(0.89 +/- 0.23) cm/week vs. (0.79 +/- 0.34) cm/week, P=0.04]; there were no significant differences in the weight gain, head circumference increment and upper arm circumference increment (P>0.05); (2) the age of rebounding to birth weight [(10.13 +/- 4.03) d vs. (8.03 +/- 3.28) d, P=0.002] and the duration of intravenous nutrition [(16.77 +/- 6.63) d vs. (14.23 +/- 4.15) d, P=0.01] in HMF group were longer than that in PF group, there were no significant differences between the two groups in the hospital stay and age achieved feeding; (3) there were no significant differences between the two groups in the incidence rate of EUGR during hospital stay (P>0.05); (4) the level of calcium at birth in HMF group was lower than that in PF group [(2.19 +/- 0.22) mmol/L vs.( 2.32 +/- 0.27) mmol/L, P=0.005], and the level of alkaline phosphatase (AKP) in HMF group at discharge was higher than in PF group [(363.98 +/- 122.49) mmol/L vs. (299.73 +/- 117.39) mmol/L, P=0.004]; (5) the incidence of the feeding intolerance (6.5% vs. 18.3%, P=0.04) and sepsis (4.8% vs. 16.7%, P=0.03) in HMF group were less than in PF group, there were no significant differences between the two groups on the morbidity of necrotizing enterocditis, retinopathy of prematurity (ROP), and bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD) (P>0.05)., CONCLUSION: HMF for premature infants may ensure the same growth pattern as those fed by premature formula, promote the calcium absorption, decrease the incidence of sepsis and feeding intolerance, and does not increase the incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis.
Protein Concentration in Milk Formula, Growth, and Later Risk of Obesity: A Systematic Review.; BACKGROUND: Protein intake may influence important health outcomes in later life., OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to investigate current evidence on the effects of infant formulas and follow-on formulas with different protein concentrations on infants' and children's growth, body composition, and later risk of overweight and obesity., METHODS: In this systematic review, we searched electronic databases (including MEDLINE, Embase, and the Cochrane Library) up until November 2014 for randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Eligible studies had to include children aged 0-3 y who represented the general population and were fed cow milk-based infant formulas with variations in protein concentration. Control groups received lower-protein cow milk-based formulas (as defined by the authors). The primary outcomes were growth, overweight, obesity, and adiposity. Various time points for outcomes assessment were accepted for inclusion. If possible, a meta-analysis was performed., RESULTS: Twelve RCTs met our inclusion criteria. Different formula protein concentrations did not affect linear growth other than a transient effect on mean length at 3 mo observed in a meta-analysis of 4 studies (mean difference, - 0.27 cm; 95% CI: -0.52, -0.02). Lower mean weight and weight z scores obtained from the infants fed lower-protein formulas were observed only from 6 to 12 mo of age. Data from one large RCT showed that consumption of a lower-protein infant formula may reduce body mass index at 12 mo of age and later (12 mo, 24 mo, and 6y) and the risk of obesity at 6 y. Effects on body composition remained unclear., CONCLUSIONS: The current evidence is insufficient for assessing the effects of reducing the protein concentration in infant formulas on long-term outcomes, but, if confirmed, this could be a promising intervention for reducing the risk of overweight and obesity in children. In view of the limited available evidence, more studies replicating effects on long-term health outcomes are needed. Copyright © 2016 American Society for Nutrition.
Including whey protein and whey permeate in ready-to-use supplementary food improves recovery rates in children with moderate acute malnutrition: a randomized, double-blind clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: The utility of dairy ingredients in the supplementary foods used in the treatment of childhood moderate acute malnutrition (MAM) remains unsettled., OBJECTIVE: We evaluated the effectiveness of a peanut-based ready-to-use supplementary food (RUSF) with soy protein compared with a novel RUSF containing dairy ingredients in the form of whey permeate and whey protein concentrate in the treatment of children with MAM., DESIGN: We conducted a randomized, double-blind clinical effectiveness trial involving rural Malawian and Mozambican children 6-59 mo of age with MAM treated with either soy RUSF or a novel whey RUSF treatment of ~75 kcal . kg(-1) . d(-1) for up to 12 wk., RESULTS: The proportion of children that recovered from MAM was significantly higher in the group that received whey RUSF (960 of 1144; 83.9%) than in the group that received soy RUSF (874 of 1086; 80.5%; P < 0.04; risk difference 3.4%, 95% CI: 0.3%, 6.6%). Children who consumed whey RUSF also demonstrated better growth markers, with a higher mean midupper arm circumference (MUAC) at the time of discharge (P < 0.009), greater MUAC gain during the course of treatment (P < 0.003), higher mean weight-for-height z score at discharge (P < 0.008), and greater weight gain (P < 0.05). No significant differences were identified in length gain or time to recovery between the 2 groups., CONCLUSION: This study highlights the importance of milk protein in the treatment of MAM, because the use of a novel whey RUSF resulted in higher recovery rates and improved growth than did soy RUSF, although the whey RUSF supplement provided less total protein and energy than the soy RUSF. This study was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01790048. Copyright © 2016 American Society for Nutrition.
Interactions of Environmental Factors and APOA1-APOC3-APOA4-APOA5 Gene Cluster Gene Polymorphisms with Metabolic Syndrome.; OBJECTIVE: The present study investigated the prevalence and risk factors for Metabolic syndrome. We evaluated the association between single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in the apolipoprotein APOA1/C3/A4/A5 gene cluster and the MetS risk and analyzed the interactions of environmental factors and APOA1/C3/A4/A5 gene cluster polymorphisms with MetS., METHODS: A study on the prevalence and risk factors for MetS was conducted using data from a large cross-sectional survey representative of the population of Jilin Province situated in northeastern China. A total of 16,831 participations were randomly chosen by multistage stratified cluster sampling of residents aged from 18 to 79 years in all nine administrative areas of the province. Environmental factors associated with MetS were examined using univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses based on the weighted sample data. A sub-sample of 1813 survey subjects who met the criteria for MetS patients and 2037 controls from this case-control study were used to evaluate the association between SNPs and MetS risk. Genomic DNA was extracted from peripheral blood lymphocytes, and SNP genotyping was determined by MALDI-TOF-MS. The associations between SNPs and MetS were examined using a case-control study design. The interactions of environmental factors and APOA1/C3/A4/A5 gene cluster polymorphisms with MetS were assessed using multivariate logistic regression analysis., RESULTS: The overall adjusted prevalence of MetS was 32.86% in Jilin province. The prevalence of MetS in men was 36.64%, which was significantly higher than the prevalence in women (29.66%). MetS was more common in urban areas (33.86%) than in rural areas (31.80%). The prevalence of MetS significantly increased with age (OR = 8.621, 95%CI = 6.594-11.272). Mental labor (OR = 1.098, 95%CI = 1.008-1.195), current smoking (OR = 1.259, 95%CI = 1.108-1.429), excess salt intake (OR = 1.252, 95%CI = 1.149-1.363), and a fruit and dairy intake less than 2 servings a week were positively associated with MetS (P<0.05). A family history of diabetes (OR = 1.630, 95%CI = 1.484-1.791), cardiovascular disease or cerebral diseases (OR = 1.297, 95%CI = 1.211-1.389) was associated with MetS. APOA1 rs670, APOA5 rs662799 and rs651821 revealed significant differences in genotype distributions between the MetS patients and control subjects. The minor alleles of APOA1 rs670, APOA5 rs662799 and rs651821, and APOA5 rs2075291 were associated with MetS (P<0.0016). APOA1 rs5072 and APOC3 rs5128, APOA5 rs651821 and rs662799 were in strong linkage disequilibrium to each other with r2 greater than 0.8. Five haplotypes were associated with an increased risk of MetS (OR = 1.23, 1.58, 1.80, 1.90, and 1.98). When we investigated the interactions of environmental factors and APOA1/C3/A4/A5 gene cluster gene polymorphisms, we found that APOA5 rs662799 had interactions with tobacco use and alcohol consumption (PGE<0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: There was a high prevalence of MetS in the northeast of China. Male gender, increasing age, mental labor, family history of diabetes, cardiovascular disease or cerebral diseases, current smoking, excess salt intake, fruit and dairy intake less than 2 servings a week, and drinking were associated with MetS. The APOA1/C3/A4/A5 gene cluster was associated with MetS in the Han Chinese. APOA5 rs662799 had interactions with the environmental factors associated with MetS.
A Protein Preload Enhances the Glucose-Lowering Efficacy of Vildagliptin in Type 2 Diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Nutrient "preloads" given before meals can attenuate postprandial glycemic excursions, at least partly by slowing gastric emptying and stimulating secretion of the incretins (i.e., glucagon-like peptide-1 [GLP-1] and glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide [GIP]). This study was designed to evaluate whether a protein preload could improve the efficacy of the dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor vildagliptin to increase incretin concentrations, slow gastric emptying, and lower postprandial glycemia in type 2 diabetes., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Twenty-two patients with type 2 diabetes treated with metformin were studied on four occasions, receiving either 50 mg vildagliptin (VILD) or placebo (PLBO) on both the evening before and the morning of each study day. The latter dose was followed after 60 min by a preload drink containing either 25 g whey protein (WHEY) or control flavoring (CTRL), and after another 30 min by a (13)C-octanoate-labeled mashed potato meal. Plasma glucose and hormones, and gastric emptying, were evaluated., RESULTS: Compared with PLBO/CTRL, PLBO/WHEY reduced postprandial peak glycemia, increased plasma insulin, glucagon, and incretin hormones (total and intact), and slowed gastric emptying, whereas VILD/CTRL reduced both the peak and area under the curve for glucose, increased plasma intact incretins, and slowed gastric emptying but suppressed plasma glucagon and total incretins (P < 0.05 each). Compared with both PLBO/WHEY and VILD/CTRL, VILD/WHEY was associated with higher plasma intact GLP-1 and GIP, slower gastric emptying, and lower postprandial glycemia (P < 0.05 each)., CONCLUSIONS: In metformin-treated type 2 diabetes, a protein preload has the capacity to enhance the efficacy of vildagliptin to slow gastric emptying, increase plasma intact incretins, and reduce postprandial glycemia. Copyright © 2016 by the American Diabetes Association. Readers may use this article as long as the work is properly cited, the use is educational and not for profit, and the work is not altered.
Endogenous GLP1 and GLP1 analogue alter CNS responses to palatable food consumption.; Glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP1) affects appetite, supposedly mediated via the central nervous system (CNS). In this study, we investigate whether modulation of CNS responses to palatable food consumption may be a mechanism by which GLP1 contributes to the central regulation of feeding. Using functional MRI, we determined the effects of endogenous GLP1 and treatment with the GLP1 analogue liraglutide on CNS activation to chocolate milk receipt. Study 1 included 20 healthy lean individuals and 20 obese patients with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Scans were performed on two occasions: during infusion of the GLP1 receptor antagonist exendin 9-39 (blocking actions of endogenous GLP1) and during placebo infusion. Study 2 was a randomised, cross-over intervention study carried out in 20 T2DM patients, comparing treatment with liraglutide to insulin, after 10 days and 12 weeks. Compared with lean individuals, T2DM patients showed reduced activation to chocolate milk in right insula (P = 0.04). In lean individuals, blockade of endogenous GLP1 effects inhibited activation in bilateral insula (P <= 0.03). Treatment in T2DM with liraglutide, vs insulin, increased activation to chocolate milk in right insula and caudate nucleus after 10 days (P <= 0.03); however, these effects ceased to be significant after 12 weeks. Our findings in healthy lean individuals indicate that endogenous GLP1 is involved in the central regulation of feeding by affecting central responsiveness to palatable food consumption. In obese T2DM, treatment with liraglutide may improve the observed deficit in responsiveness to palatable food, which may contribute to the induction of weight loss observed during treatment. However, no long-term effects of liraglutide were observed. Copyright © 2016 Society for Endocrinology.
Dietary plant stanol ester consumption improves immune function in asthma patients: results of a randomized, double-blind clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: In vitro and ex vivo studies have suggested that plant sterols and stanols can shift the T helper (Th) 1/Th2 balance toward a Th1-type immune response, which may be beneficial in Th2-dominant conditions such as asthma and allergies., OBJECTIVE: We evaluated in vivo whether plant stanol esters affect the immune response in asthma patients., DESIGN: Fifty-eight asthma patients participated in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled intervention study. All subjects started with a 2-wk run-in period in which they consumed 150 mL control soy-based yogurt without added plant stanol esters/d. Next, an 8-wk experimental period was started in which one-half of the participants received plant stanol enriched soy-based yogurts (4.0 g plant stanols/d), whereas the other one-half of subjects continued the consumption of control yogurts. After 4 wk of daily plant stanol consumption, all participants were vaccinated against hepatitis A virus (HAV), and the increase of antibody titres was monitored weekly until 4 wk after vaccination., RESULTS: Asthma patients in the plant stanol ester group showed higher antibody titres against HAV 3 and 4 wk after vaccination [19% (P = 0.037) and 22% (P = 0.030), respectively]. Also, substantial reductions in plasma total immunoglobulin E, interleukin (IL)-1beta, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha were shown in the plant stanol ester group. The increase in serum plant stanol concentrations was correlated significantly with the decrease in IL-13 concentrations and the Th1 switch in the Th1/Th2 balance. However, no absolute differences in cytokine production between the plant stanol ester group and the control group were shown., CONCLUSION: To the best of our knowledge, we are among the first authors to show that plant stanol ester consumption improves the immune function in vivo in asthma patients. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01715675. Copyright © 2016 American Society for Nutrition.
Thyroid status, insulin sensitivity and glucose tolerance in overweight and obese adults before and after 36 weeks of whey protein supplementation and exercise training.; UNLABELLED: Research suggests that subclinical hypothyroidism (SHT) influences insulin sensitivity and glucose tolerance. Reductions in thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) concentrations are associated with exercise training (ExTr), which improves insulin sensitivity and glucose uptake., PURPOSE: A secondary analysis of previously published data was conducted to examine the relationship between SHT, TSH and glucose homeostatic control at baseline and to assess the impact of ExTr on thyroid status and how SHT affects changes in insulin sensitivity after ExTr., MATERIALS AND METHODS: Data were obtained from a 36-week ExTr and whey protein supplementation intervention trial. Subjects (n = 304, 48 +/- 7 years, females = 186) were randomized to a specific whey protein group (0, 20, 40, or 60 g per day) and all subjects participated in a resistance (2 d/wk) and aerobic (1 d/wk) training program. Testing was conducted at baseline and post-intervention., RESULTS: At baseline, 36% (n = 110) and 12% (n = 35) of subjects were classified with SHT based on the TSH >= 3 microIU/L or TSH >= 4.5 microIU/L cut-offs, respectively. No association was found between baseline TSH and baseline measures of glucose homeostatic control. Whey protein supplementation did not influence intervention outcomes. Post-intervention (n = 164), no change was observed in TSH. SHT did not affect changes in insulin sensitivity following ExTr., CONCLUSION: These results support that the health benefits of ExTr for the management of insulin resistance (IR) are not blunted by SHT.
Comparison of the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet and a higher-fat DASH diet on blood pressure and lipids and lipoproteins: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: The DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) dietary pattern, which is high in fruit, vegetables, and low-fat dairy foods, significantly lowers blood pressure as well as low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol., OBJECTIVE: The study was designed to test the effects of substituting full-fat for low-fat dairy foods in the DASH diet, with a corresponding increase in fat and a reduction in sugar intake, on blood pressure and plasma lipids and lipoproteins., DESIGN: This was a 3-period randomized crossover trial in free-living healthy individuals who consumed in random order a control diet, a standard DASH diet, and a higher-fat, lower-carbohydrate modification of the DASH diet (HF-DASH diet) for 3 wk each, separated by 2-wk washout periods. Laboratory measurements, which included lipoprotein particle concentrations determined by ion mobility, were made at the end of each experimental diet., RESULTS: Thirty-six participants completed all 3 dietary periods. Blood pressure was reduced similarly with the DASH and HF-DASH diets compared with the control diet. The HF-DASH diet significantly reduced triglycerides and large and medium very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) particle concentrations and increased LDL peak particle diameter compared with the DASH diet. The DASH diet, but not the HF-DASH diet, significantly reduced LDL cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, apolipoprotein A-I, intermediate-density lipoprotein and large LDL particles, and LDL peak diameter compared with the control diet., CONCLUSIONS: The HF-DASH diet lowered blood pressure to the same extent as the DASH diet but also reduced plasma triglyceride and VLDL concentrations without significantly increasing LDL cholesterol. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01404897. Copyright © 2016 American Society for Nutrition.
Effects of dairy products consumption on weight loss and blood chemistry in premenopausal obese women.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the effects of dairy calcium on changes in body weight and body fat mass in obese women on a weight-loss diet., METHODS: The non-randomised controlled study was conducted at Sivas Government Hospital, Turkey, between January and March 2010, and comprised obese women outpatients coming to the Nutrition and Diet Clinic. The participants were assigned to three groups according to their intake of dairy products as control, low dairy and high dairy groups. Measurements of anthropometry, blood pressure and analysis of blood chemistry were done before and after the intervention., RESULTS: The mean age of the 65 women was 33.10+/-6.18 years. There were 20(30.7%) women in control group, 22(33.8%) in high dairy group and 23(35.3%) in low dairy group. At the end of the study, body weight, body mass index, waist and hip circumferences, waist/hip ratio, body fat percentage, and fat mass significantly decreased within the groups (p<0.001) whereas no difference was determined between the groups. Plasma total cholesterol levels decreased (p<0.05, p<0.001) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels increased (p<0.05) in the two intervention groups. Systolic blood pressure was negatively correlated with dairy calcium (?=0.460, p<0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: In women following a weight-loss programme, increasing the amount of dairy products was not effective in improving weight-loss compared to calorie restriction alone.
Comparison of the effect of daily consumption of probiotic compared with low-fat conventional yogurt on weight loss in healthy obese women following an energy-restricted diet: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Despite evidence for the beneficial effects of probiotics and low-fat dairy products, to our knowledge, no study has compared the beneficial effect on weight loss of consuming a probiotic yogurt (PY) compared with a standard low-fat yogurt (LF) during a hypoenergetic program., OBJECTIVE: We compared the effect of the PY with LF yogurt consumption on body weight and cardiometabolic risk factors in women during a weight-loss program., DESIGN: Overweight and obese women [body mass index (in kg/m(2)): 27-40; age: 18-50 y) who usually consumed standard LFs were asked to consume either PY or LF every day with their main meals for 12 wk while following a weight-loss program., RESULTS: A total of 89 participants were randomly assigned to one of the 2 intervention groups. Baseline variables were not significantly different between groups. A statistically significant reduction in anthropometric measurements and significant improvements in cardiometabolic risk characteristics were observed over the 12 wk in both groups. However, no significant differences in weight loss and anthropometric measurements were seen between groups after the intervention. Compared with the LF group, the PY group had a greater (mean +/- SD) decrease in total cholesterol (PY = -0.36 +/- 0.10 mmol/L, LF = -0.31 +/- 0.10 mmol/L; P = 0.024), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (PY = -0.35 +/- 0.10 mmol/L, LF = -0.31 +/- 0.11 mmol/L; P = 0.018), homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (PY = -0.55 +/- 0.32, LF = -0.42 +/- 0.20; P = 0.002), 2-h postprandial glucose (PY = -0.61 +/- 0.24 mmol/L, LF = -0.44 +/- 0.19 mmol/L; P < 0.001), and fasting insulin concentration (PY = -1.76 +/- 1.01 mU/mL, LF = -1.32 +/- 0.62 mU/mL; P = 0.002), as secondary endpoints after the study. No significant differences were found for fasting plasma glucose, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, or triglycerides within both groups after the 12 wk., CONCLUSION: Consumption of PY compared with LF with main meals showed no significant effects on weight loss. However, it may have positive effects on lipid profiles and insulin sensitivity during a weight-loss program. This trial was registered at http://www.irct.ir/ as IRCT201402177754N8. Copyright © 2016 American Society for Nutrition.
Improvement of green tea polyphenol with milk on skin with respect to antioxidation in healthy adults: a double-blind placebo-controlled randomized crossover clinical trial.; Green tea polyphenols (GTP) have been widely tested for their effects on several metabolic syndromes and degenerative diseases such as cancer, cardiovascular diseases, and diabetes. The present study was formulated to assess the physiological efficacy of green tea polyphenol infused with milk (GTPM) on skin integrity in correlation with antioxidative status in healthy adults. Forty-four healthy voluntary subjects were recruited and assigned to two groups, who drank 240 ml of mineral water mixed with either an experimental (GTPM) or placebo package (2 packs per day) for the following 6 months. The experimental group then switched to the placebo package, and vice versa, for a further 6 months, with one month of washout period in between. During the initial, 3(rd), 6(th), 10(th), and 13(th) month anthropometric measurements were performed and fasting blood samples were withdrawn for various biochemical assays. Skin examination was performed at the initial, 6(th) and 13(th) month. No significant alterations were observed in any of the anthropometric measurements. Administration of GTPM significantly increased (p < 0.05) the antioxidant index and antioxidant enzyme activities when compared with the placebo group, whereas a concomitant decrease in the levels of lipid peroxidation were noted. Moreover, GTPM intake notably improved skin integrity and texture by markedly lowering (p < 0.05) skin wrinkles and roughness in elderly subjects. GTPM proved to be an effective antioxidant by lowering oxidative stress and thereby ameliorating skin texture and integrity.
Acute effect of red meat and dairy on glucose and insulin: a randomized crossover study.; BACKGROUND: In contrast with some epidemiologic evidence, our previous research showed that a 4-wk diet that was high in low-fat dairy reduced insulin sensitivity compared with the effect of a diet that was high in red meat., OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether a dairy meal would produce a greater insulin response than a carbohydrate-matched red meat meal would, which might account for the change in insulin sensitivity., DESIGN: One meal contained lean red meat, bread, and orange juice, and the other meal contained skim milk, low-fat yogurt, cheese, and bread. Meals were isoenergetic, equal in macronutrient profile, and consumed 1 wk apart. Glucose, insulin, and triglycerides were measured before and 30, 60, 90, 120, 150, and 180 min after meal consumption. Differences between meals were tested with the use of a repeated-measures ANOVA and paired sample t tests., RESULTS: Nineteen men and 24 women [mean +/- SD age: 50.8 +/- 16.0 y; body mass index (in kg/m(2)): 30.0 +/- 3.5] completed the study. Twenty-two participants had normal glucose tolerance, and 21 participants had impaired fasting glucose or impaired glucose tolerance. The red meat meal resulted in a higher glucose response at 30 min after consumption (P < 0.001); however, the glucose total AUC was not different between meals (P = NS). The mean +/- SEM incremental AUC (iAUC) for glucose was significantly higher after the dairy meal than after the red meat meal (2.23 +/- 0.49 compared with 0.88 +/- 0.57 mmol/L . 3 h, respectively; P = 0.004). The insulin total AUC and iAUC were not different between meals (iAUC: 159.65 +/- 20.0 mU/L . 3 h for red meat compared with 167.49 +/- 24.1 mU/L . 3 h for dairy; P = NS)., CONCLUSIONS: Lean red meat and low-fat dairy produced a similar glycemic response. The higher glucose response 30 min after consumption of the red meat meal was likely attributable to differences in the glycemic load between orange juice and milk and yogurt. An insulinotropic effect of dairy was not observed. This trial was registered at www.anzctr.org.au as ACTRN12615000164594. Copyright © 2016 American Society for Nutrition.
Novel feeding system to promote establishment of breastfeeds after preterm birth: a randomized controlled trial.; OBJECTIVE: We aimed to determine if a novel feeding system where milk only flowed when the preterm infant created a vacuum would influence time to full oral feeds, the length of stay (LOS) in hospital and breastfeeding at discharge., STUDY DESIGN: This was a randomized controlled trial in the tertiary neonatal intensive care unit at King Edward Memorial Hospital, Perth, Australia. Eligibility criteria were: preterm infants of gestational age 25 to 34 weeks receiving >75% human milk by gastric tube. Infants were randomly assigned to being fed with a novel teat (NT) or conventional teat (CT). Intention to treat analysis was performed., RESULT: Time to full suck feeds was not different between groups. LOS was shorter (mean: 2.5 days; P=0.026) and less formula was fed at discharge in the NT group (P=0.036)., CONCLUSION: Use of a NT that releases milk when the infant applies vacuum while establishing breastfeeding reduces duration of hospitalization of preterm infants.
Is the metabolic syndrome inversely associates with butter, non-hydrogenated- and hydrogenated-vegetable oils consumption: Tehran lipid and glucose study.; AIM: The aim of this study was to investigate the association between hydrogenated- (HVOs) and non-hydrogenated vegetable oils (non-HVOs) and butter and the metabolic syndrome (MetS) after 3-years of follow-up in adults., METHODS: This study was conducted between 2006-2008 and 2009-2011 within the framework of the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study, on 1582 adults, aged 19-84 years. Intakes of HVOs, non-HVOs and butter were assessed by a validated semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Based on the consumption of food rich in fat including HVOs, non-HVOs and butter, participants were categorized to consumers and non-consumers., RESULTS: Of 1582 participants during a 3-year follow-up, 15.2% developed MetS. Non-consumption of butter was associated with lower MetS risk compared with its consumption. Among consumers of food rich in fat, intake of HVOs and butter were associated with an increased risk of MetS; ORs in the final multivariate model were 2.70 (95% CI: 1.52-4.78) for HVOs and 2.03 (95% CI: 1.20-3.41) for butter, in the highest, compared to the lowest category of dietary intakes. Intake of non-HVOs was not associated with risk of MetS., CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of HVOs and butter were positively associated with an increase risk of MetS. Copyright © 2015 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
A randomized, double-blind trial on the use of 1% hydrocortisone cream for the prevention of acute radiation dermatitis.; BACKGROUND: To determine whether the application of 1% hydrocortisone cream during radiation therapy can prevent the occurrence of moist desquamation., METHODS: Fifty adult female breast carcinoma patients were randomized after modified radical mastectomy and chemotherapy to receive prophylactic placebo cream (n = 27) or 1% hydrocortisone cream (n = 23) during radiation therapy. The patients, caregiver and assessor were all blinded to the treatment received. Occurrence of moist desquamation, severity of acute radiation dermatitis (ARD) and hyperpigmentation were evaluated weekly until the end of radiotherapy., RESULTS & CONCLUSION: Five patients in each group developed moist desquamation; however, its extent and severity were milder in the steroid group. Mean ARD scores were also lower in the steroid group (0.713 vs. 0.874, p = 0.024). A lower incidence of Grades 1 and 2 radiation dermatitis was also noted in the steroid group at weeks 2 and 4, respectively, indicating prophylactic use of steroids delayed the onset of radiodermatitis.
A Randomized Controlled Trial Offering Higher- Compared with Lower-Dairy Second Meals Daily in Preschools in Guinea-Bissau Demonstrates an Attendance-Dependent Increase in Weight Gain for Both Meal Types and an Increase in Mid-Upper Arm Circumference for the Higher-Dairy Meal.; BACKGROUND: Controversy remains over the most effective approaches to prevent childhood malnutrition., OBJECTIVES: We tested the feasibility and effectiveness of delivering ready-to-use supplementary foods (RUSFs) as a second daily meal in preschool children aged 3-5 y in Guinea-Bissau, and compared RUSFs with different levels of dairy protein., METHODS: This study was a 3 mo cluster-randomized controlled pilot trial of 2 RUSFs differing in dairy protein in 533 boys and girls from 9 preschools. Children receiving RUSFs were compared with wait-listed controls, and all students received a daily school lunch. The RUSFs were delivered 5 d/wk for 3 mo and contained 478 kcal and 11.5 g protein per 92-g daily serving. Deliveries included a ready-to-use supplementary food with 15% of protein from dairy sources (RUSF-15%) or one with 33% of protein from dairy sources (RUSF-33%). Intention-to-treat (ITT) and per-protocol analyses (>50 d of RUSF consumption) were conducted. Changes in the weight-for-age z score (WAZ) and height-for-age z score were primary outcomes. Additional outcomes included changes in mid-upper arm circumference (MUAC), hemoglobin, and retinol binding protein., RESULTS: Baseline anthropometry was not different between groups (WAZ, -0.48 +/- 1.04) and increased significantly over time (P < 0.01) with no effects of the RUSFs in ITT analyses. However, children consuming RUSFs for >50 d had a significantly greater increase in WAZ relative to the increase in controls (+0.40 and +0.32 for RUSF-15% and RUSF-33%, respectively, compared with +0.24 in controls, P < 0.01 and P < 0.05, respectively). RUSF-33%, but not RUSF-15%, also eliminated a decrease in MUAC observed in controls (-0.01 cm in RUSF-33% compared with -0.34 cm in controls, P < 0.05). The only difference between RUSF-15% and RUSF-33% was a mean decrease in hemoglobin in children receiving RUSF-15% (-0.5 compared with -0.002 g/dL, P = 0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: Implementation of 2-meal preschool feeding programs is feasible in low-income countries, and there are measurable benefits relative to 1-meal programs in children attending preschool regularly. In addition, MUAC and hemoglobin measurements indicate that meals with 33% compared with 15% of protein from dairy may help prevent wasting and anemia. Copyright © 2016 American Society for Nutrition.
Dairy Consumption Lowers Systemic Inflammation and Liver Enzymes in Typically Low-Dairy Consumers with Clinical Characteristics of Metabolic Syndrome.; OBJECTIVES: A 6-week cross-over study design was used to determine the effect of increased dairy consumption in typically low-dairy consumers (n = 37) with metabolic syndrome (MetS) on systemic inflammation and hepatic enzymes., METHODS: This was a randomized study in which participants consumed low-fat dairy (LFD) (10 oz 1% milk, 6 oz nonfat yogurt, 4 oz 2% cheese) or a carbohydrate-based control (CNT) (1.5 oz granola bar and 12 oz 100% juice) for 6 weeks. After a 4-week washout, they were allocated to the alternate dietary treatment. Inflammatory status was assessed by fasting plasma concentrations of C-reactive protein (CRP), tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha), and monocyte chemoattractant -1 (MCP-1). In addition, gene expression of interleukin (IL)-1, IL-6, and TNF-alpha was evaluated in peripheral blood mononuclear cells isolated from a subset of 17 subjects (13 women, 3 men) at the end of each dietary period. Liver enzymes were also assessed to evaluate whether dairy components would affect hepatic function., RESULTS: Participants had lower concentrations of both hepatic alanine aminotransferase (p < 0.05) and aspartate aminotransferase (p < 0.005) after the LFD period. No significant changes in any of the plasma inflammatory compounds were found when all data were analyzed together. In contrast, expression of IL-1b and IL-6 were reduced by 46% and 63%, respectively, compared to the control period. When stratified by gender, women had lower TNF-alpha, (p = 0.028) and MCP-1 (p = 0.001) following LFD consumption compared to CNT. In addition, hepatic steatosis index scores were significantly lower (p < 0.001) during the LFD period., CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that three dairy servings per day improved both liver function and systemic inflammation in subjects with MetS.
Is the thin layer of methyl aminolevulinate used during photodynamic therapy sufficient?.; BACKGROUND: If the recommended 1.0 mm layer of methyl aminolevulinate (MAL) is used during photodynamic therapy (PDT) of large areas with multiple actinic keratoses (AK) huge amounts of cream are needed., OBJECTIVES: To report the amount of MAL used for PDT of AK and basal cell carcinomas (BCC) in daily routine. The association of protoporphyrin IX (PpIX) fluorescence and thickness of MAL was investigated in a randomized paired study in healthy volunteers., METHODS: Amount of cream used per cm(2) during conventional and daylight PDT was recorded. In 16 healthy volunteers, 0.1 mm, 0.2 mm, 0.5 mm and 1.0 mm MAL cream were applied for 3 h on tape-stripped areas on each forearm randomized to light-permeable or light-impermeable occlusion. PpIX fluorescence was measured., RESULTS: Less than 0.4 mm MAL was used during PDT of BCC and 0.2 mm for AK. No difference in PpIX fluorescence was found between the different thicknesses of MAL using light-impermeable occlusion., CONCLUSION: In daily routine <0.4 mm MAL was used during PDT of BCC and 0.1-0.2 mm MAL during PDT of AK. The recommended 1.0 mm MAL did not result in a higher accumulation of PpIX compared to thinner MAL layers after light-impermeable occlusion for 3 h. Copyright © 2015 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
The Power of the Virtual Ideal Self in Weight Control: Weight-Reduced Avatars Can Enhance the Tendency to Delay Gratification and Regulate Dietary Practices.; The tendency to discount larger future benefits in favor of smaller immediate gains (i.e., temporal discounting) is relevant to the issue of obesity. Successful weight loss requires individuals to sacrifice immediate culinary pleasures in favor of future health gains. Based on the notion that increasing the vividness of one's future self may mitigate temporal discounting and promote the ability to delay gratification, we examined whether viewing one's weight-reduced self (i.e., the ideal self) in a virtual environment can decrease temporal discounting and lead to better regulation of dietary practices. Seventy-six undergraduates who had reported an intention to lose weight were recruited to participate in a laboratory experiment and were randomly assigned to interact with either the weight-reduced self (experimental condition) or the present self (control condition) by looking into a dressing mirror in a virtual fitting room. A temporal-discounting task and a taste test were subsequently administered. Results showed that, compared with control participants, participants who viewed their weight-reduced avatars ate less ice cream in a taste test and were more likely to choose a sugar-free drink as a reward. The discounting rate mediated the association between the avatar manipulation and the amount of ice cream eaten in the subsequent taste test. Overall, our findings suggest that a computer-generated image of one's weight-reduced self may assist in resisting impulses that promote immediate gratification over delayed benefits. This research provides a new approach for controlling impulsive behavior such as dietary regulation and weight control.
Vertical Cytomegalovirus Transmission From HIV-Infected Women Randomized to Formula-Feed or Breastfeed Their Infants.; BACKGROUND: Cytomegalovirus (CMV) is associated with morbidity and mortality in human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-exposed infants. We assessed the effect of and relative contribution of breastfeeding to CMV acquisition among infants delivered by HIV-infected mothers., METHODS: Between 1993 and 1998 pregnant, HIV-infected women in Nairobi, Kenya, were randomly assigned to breastfeed or formula-feed their infants in an HIV transmission study. Women were allocated equally between treatment arms, and the study was not blinded. The primary endpoint of this nested study was time to infant CMV infection., RESULTS: CMV infection was assessed in 138 breastfed and 134 formula-fed infants. Baseline characteristics were similar between arms. Breastfed infants acquired CMV earlier than formula-fed infants (median age of acquisition, 4.26 vs 9.87 months; P < .001) and had a higher 1-year probability of CMV infection (0.89 vs 0.69; P < .001). Breastfeeding was associated with a 1.6-fold increased risk of infant CMV acquisition independent of infant HIV status (multivariable hazard ratio, 1.61; 95% confidence interval, 1.20-2.16; P = .002). Approximately one third of CMV infections occurred during the peripartum period, with 40% acquired through breastfeeding and the remainder acquired through modes other than breast milk., CONCLUSIONS: Preventing CMV acquisition may be a priority for HIV-exposed infants, but there is a narrow window of opportunity for intervention. Approaches that reduce maternal cervical and breast milk CMV reactivation may help delay infant infection. Copyright © The Author 2015. Published by Oxford University Press for the Infectious Diseases Society of America. All rights reserved. For permissions, e-mail journals.permissions@oup.com.
Influence of dietary protein on postprandial blood glucose levels in individuals with Type 1 diabetes mellitus using intensive insulin therapy.; AIM: To determine the effects of protein alone (independent of fat and carbohydrate) on postprandial glycaemia in individuals with Type 1 diabetes mellitus using intensive insulin therapy., METHODS: Participants with Type 1 diabetes mellitus aged 7-40 years consumed six 150 ml whey isolate protein drinks [0 g (control), 12.5, 25, 50, 75 and 100] and two 150 ml glucose drinks (10 and 20 g) without insulin, in randomized order over 8 days, 4 h after the evening meal. Continuous glucose monitoring was used to assess postprandial glycaemia., RESULTS: Data were collected from 27 participants. Protein loads of 12.5 and 50 g did not result in significant postprandial glycaemic excursions compared with control (water) throughout the 300 min study period (P > 0.05). Protein loads of 75 and 100 g resulted in lower glycaemic excursions than control in the 60-120 min postprandial interval, but higher excursions in the 180-300 min interval. In comparison with 20 g glucose, the large protein loads resulted in significantly delayed and sustained glucose excursions, commencing at 180 min and continuing to 5 h., CONCLUSIONS: Seventy-five grams or more of protein alone significantly increases postprandial glycaemia from 3 to 5 h in people with Type 1 diabetes mellitus using intensive insulin therapy. The glycaemic profiles resulting from high protein loads differ significantly from the excursion from glucose in terms of time to peak glucose and duration of the glycaemic excursion. This research supports recommendations for insulin dosing for large amounts of protein. Copyright © 2015 The Authors. Diabetic Medicine published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Diabetes UK.
Dairy consumption and risk of metabolic syndrome: a meta-analysis.; AIMS: To conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis of epidemiological studies in order to assess quantitatively the effect of dairy consumption on risk of metabolic syndrome., METHODS: We searched for eligible studies published up to March 2015 through the PubMed and Embase databases and reviewed the references of relevant articles. Random-effects models were used to calculate the pooled relative risks with 95% CIs after adjusting for several confounders., RESULTS: We identified nine prospective cohort studies including a total of 35 379 subjects and 7322 incident cases of metabolic syndrome, and 12 cross-sectional studies including 37 706 subjects. In the meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies, the pooled relative risk of incidence of metabolic syndrome for the highest vs. the lowest category of dairy consumption was 0.85 (95% CI 0.73-0.98), and for a 1-serving/day increment of dairy consumption, the pooled relative risk was 0.88 (95% CI 0.82-0.95). In the meta-analysis of cross-sectional studies, the pooled relative risk of prevalence of metabolic syndrome for the highest vs. the lowest category of dairy consumption was 0.73 (95% CI 0.63-0.86). The association was not significantly different by geographical region, follow-up time and adjustment factors., CONCLUSION: Our findings indicate that dairy consumption is inversely associated with the incidence and prevalence of metabolic syndrome. Further well-designed cohort studies and randomized controlled trials are warranted to provide definitive evidence. Copyright © 2015 Diabetes UK.
A randomised controlled trial of high vs low volume initiation and rapid vs slow advancement of milk feeds in infants with birthweights <= 1000 g in a resource-limited setting.; BACKGROUND: Optimal feeding regimens for infants <= 1000 g have not been established and are a global healthcare concern., AIMS AND OBJECTIVES: A controlled trial to establish the safety and efficacy of high vs low volume initiation and rapid vs slow advancement of milk feeds in a resource-limited setting was undertaken., METHODS: Infants <= 1000 g birthweight were randomised to one of four arms, either low (4 ml/kg/day) or high (24 ml/kg/day) initiation and either slow (24 ml/kg/day) or rapid (36 ml/kg/day) advancement of exclusive feeds of human milk (mother's or donor) until a weight of 1200 g was reached. After this point, formula was used to supplement insufficient mother's milk. The primary outcome was time to reach 1500 g., RESULTS: infants were recruited (51: low/slow; 47: low/rapid; 52: high/slow; 50: high/rapid). Infants on rapid advancement regimens reached 1500 g most rapidly (hazard ratio 1.48, 95% CI 1.05-2.09, P=0.03). The rapid advancement groups also regained birthweight more rapidly (hazard ratio 1.77, 95% CI 1.26-2.50, P=0.001). There was no apparent effect of high vs low initiation volumes but there was some evidence of interaction between interventions. There were no significant differences in other secondary outcomes, including necrotising enterocolitis, feed intolerance and late-onset sepsis., CONCLUSIONS: In this small pilot study, higher initiation feed volumes and larger daily increments appeared to be well tolerated and resulted in more rapid early weight gain. These data provide justification for a larger study in resource-limited settings to address mortality, necrotising enterocolitis and other important outcomes.
Effect of Resistance Training and Various Sources of Protein Supplementation on Body Fat Mass and Metabolic Profile in Sarcopenic Overweight Older Adult Men: A Pilot Study.; The decrease in resting energy expenditure (REE) and fat oxidation with aging is associated with an increase in fat mass (FM), and both could be prevented by exercise such as resistance training. Dairy consumption has also been shown to promote FM loss in different subpopulations and to be positively associated with fat oxidation. Therefore, we sought to determine whether resistance exercise combined with dairy supplementation could have an additive impact on FM and energy metabolism, especially in individuals with a deficit in muscle mass. Twenty-six older overweight sarcopenic men (65 +/- 5 years old) were recruited for the study. They participated in 4 months of resistance exercise and were randomized into three groups for postexercise shakes (control, dairy, and nondairy isocaloric and isoprotein supplement with 375 ml and ~280 calories per shake). Body composition was measured by dual X-ray absorptiometry and REE by indirect calorimetry. Fasting glucose, insulin, leptin, inflammatory profile, and blood lipid profile were also measured. Significant decreases were observed with FM only in the dairy supplement group; no changes were observed for any other variables. To conclude, FM may decrease without changes in metabolic parameters during resistance training and dairy supplementation with no caloric restriction without having any impact on metabolic properties. More studies are warranted to explain this significant decrease in FM.
Prehabilitation with Whey Protein Supplementation on Perioperative Functional Exercise Capacity in Patients Undergoing Colorectal Resection for Cancer: A Pilot Double-Blinded Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trial.; BACKGROUND: A previous comprehensive prehabilitation program, providing nutrition counseling with whey protein supplementation, exercise, and psychological care, initiated 4 weeks before colorectal surgery for cancer, improved functional capacity before surgery and accelerated functional recovery. Those receiving standard of care deteriorated. The specific role of nutritional prehabilitation alone on functional recovery is unknown., OBJECTIVE: This study was undertaken to estimate the impact of nutrition counseling with whey protein on preoperative functional walking capacity and recovery in patients undergoing colorectal resection for cancer., DESIGN: We conducted a double-blinded randomized controlled trial at a single university-affiliated tertiary center located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. Colon cancer patients (n=48) awaiting elective surgery for nonmetastatic disease were randomized to receive either individualized nutrition counseling with whey protein supplementation to meet protein needs or individualized nutrition counseling with a nonnutritive placebo. Counseling and supplementation began 4 weeks before surgery and continued for 4 weeks after surgery., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: The primary outcome was change in functional walking capacity as measured with the 6-minute walk test. The distance was recorded at baseline, the day of surgery, and 4 weeks after surgery. A change of 20 m was considered clinically meaningful., RESULTS: The whey group experienced a mean improvement in functional walking capacity before surgery of +20.8 m, with a standard deviation of 42.6 m, and the placebo group improved by +1.2 (65.5) m (P=0.27). Four weeks after surgery, recovery rates were similar between groups (P=0.81)., CONCLUSION: Clinically meaningful improvements in functional walking capacity were achieved before surgery with whey protein supplementation. These pilot results are encouraging and justify larger-scale trials to define the specific role of nutrition prehabilitation on functional recovery after surgery. Copyright © 2016 Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of ear-acupoint pressing and Ear Apex (HX6,7) bloodletting on haemorheology in chloasma patients with Gan depression pattern.; OBJECTIVE: To explore the therapeutical effect of ear-acupoint pressing combined with Ear Apex (HX6,7) bloodletting on haemorheology in chloasma patients with Gan (Liver) depression pattern., METHODS: A total of 180 chloasma patients were randomly assigned to three groups, 60 cases in each. Patients in the earacupuncture (EA) group were treated with ear-acupoint pressing combined with Ear Apex (HX6,7) bloodletting; vitamins C and E were put into practice in the Western medicine (WM) group together with 0.025% tretinoin cream for local external application; patients in the placebo group were treated with urea-cream by external use, while 30 healthy volunteers were in the control group. After a treatment course of 2 months, the changes of haemorheology, injury skin area, colour score and symptom score before and after the treatment were observed., RESULTS: There was no significant difference on whole blood reduced viscosity (high shear, medium shear, and low shear), erythrocyte aggregation index, hematocrit, plasma viscosity among the four groups (F =2.65, P>0.05). Compared with those before treatment, the whole blood viscosity (high shear) and whole blood reduced viscosity (high shear) after treatment in the EA group, the WM group and the placebo group were with no statistical significance (P>0.05). The injury skin area and colour score after treatment were significantly lower than those before treatment in the EA group and the WM group (P<0.05), while there was no significant difference in placebo group (P>0.05). Clinical symptoms of the EA group were obviously improved after the 2-month treatment, which was significantly different compared with those before treatment (P<0.05), there was significant difference compared with those of WM group and placebo group (P<0.05)., CONCLUSION: There was no significant difference on haemorheology index between healthy people and chloasma patients without angionosis, cerebrovascular disease, hematopathy, metabolic disease or any other organic disease. Ear-acupoint pressing combined with Ear Apex (HX6,7) bloodletting can effectively improve concurrent symptoms, lighten chloasma and lower chloasma area in patients accompanied by Gan depression.
Effects of low-fat milk consumption at breakfast on satiety and short-term energy intake in 10- to 12-year-old obese boys.; PURPOSE: Although controversy exists, some researchers have proposed that dairy products increase the sense of satiety and decrease energy intake; however, data about these effects are lacking in children. Our objective was to assess the effect of low-fat milk compared with iso-volumic and iso-volumic/iso-energetic controls on satiety and energy intake at lunch in obese boys using a randomized three-way crossover controlled clinical trial., METHODS: Thirty-four obese boys aged 10-12 years were randomized to consume a fixed content breakfast with low-fat milk (LFM), apple juice (AJ) or water (W) for two consecutive days. Subjective appetite, hunger, fullness, desire to eat and prospective food consumption were measured using a visual analogue scale every 1 h after breakfast followed by an ad libitum buffet lunch at 5 h., RESULTS: All participants completed the study. Energy intake was significantly lower after intake of LFM compared with AJ and W (adjusted mean +/- standard error of energy intake: LFM = 1010 +/- 14 kcal, AJ = 1059 +/- 16 kcal, W = 1236 +/- 20 kcal; P < 0.001). The total appetite score and its components were significantly affected by time for all intervention beverages (P < 0.05). Obese children reported higher satiety score after drinking LFM with breakfast compared with W and AJ (P < 0.05)., CONCLUSION: Low-fat milk consumption might have favorable short-term effects on satiety and energy intake in obese boys. Future studies with more participants from both genders and longer follow-up periods are merited., CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: The study protocol was registered with the Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials (Registration No: IRCT2013022312571N1).
Effects of vitamin D-fortified low fat yogurt on glycemic status, anthropometric indexes, inflammation, and bone turnover in diabetic postmenopausal women: A randomised controlled clinical trial.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Low levels of serum 25-hydroxy vitamin D (25(OH)D) are common in type 2 diabetic patients and cause several complications particularly, in postmenopausal women due to their senile and physiological conditions. This study aimed to assess the effects of vitamin D-fortified low fat yogurt on glycemic status, anthropometric indexes, inflammation, and bone turnover in diabetic postmenopausal women., METHODS: In a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind parallel-group clinical trial, 59 postmenopausal women with type 2 diabetes received fortified yogurt (FY; 2000 IU vitamin D in 100 g/day) or plain yogurt (PY) for 12 weeks. Glycemic markers, anthropometric indexes, inflammatory, and bone turnover markers were assessed at baseline and after 12 weeks., RESULTS: After intervention, in FY group (vs PY group), were observed: significant increase in serum 25(OH)D and decrease of PTH (stable values in PY); significant improvement in serum fasting insulin, HOMA-IR, HOMA-B, QUICKI, and no changes in serum fasting glucose and HbA1c (significant worsening of all indexes in PY); significant improvement in WC, WHR, FM, and no change in weight and BMI (stable values in PY); significant increase of omentin (stable in PY) and decrease of sNTX (significant increase in PY). Final values of glycemic markers (except HbA1c), omentin, and bone turnover markers significantly improved in FY group compared to PY group. Regarding final values of serum 25(OH)D in FY group, subjects were classified in insufficient and sufficient categories. Glycemic status improved more significantly in the insufficient rather than sufficient category; whereas the other parameters had more amelioration in the sufficient category., CONCLUSIONS: Daily consumption of 2000 IU vitamin D-fortified yogurt for 12 weeks improved glycemic markers (except HbA1c), anthropometric indexes, inflammation, and bone turnover markers in postmenopausal women with type 2 diabetes., TRIAL REGISTRATION: www.irct.ir (IRCT2013110515294N1). Copyright © 2015 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Synbiotics for decreasing incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis among preterm neonates - a randomized controlled trial.; OBJECTIVE: To study the effect of synbiotics in reducing incidence and severity of necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) among preterm neonates., METHODS: This randomized controlled trial conducted in a tertiary care teaching hospital, south India, included 220 enterally fed preterm neonates who were randomized to receive either synbiotics or no intervention. The synbiotic contained Lactobacillus, Bifidobacterium and fructo-oligosaccharide. The demographic parameters, risk factors for NEC and outcome including incidence of NEC, its severity, sepsis and mortality were evaluated., RESULTS: Multiple pregnancies, preeclampsia and prolonged rupture of membranes were important maternal characteristics. The average birth weight and gestational age of the preterm neonates was 1.4 kg and 31 weeks, respectively. There was a 50% reduction in the incidence of NEC of all stages in preterm infants who received synbiotics compared to the non-intervention group (7.4% versus 14.5%). Administration of synbiotics did not reduce the severity of NEC, sepsis or mortality., CONCLUSION: Enteral supplementation of synbiotics along with breastmilk results in a tendancy to decrease the incidence of NEC among preterm neonates.
Muscle strength gains during resistance exercise training are attenuated with soy compared with dairy or usual protein intake in older adults: A randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Maintenance of muscle mass and strength into older age is critical to maintain health. The aim was to determine whether increased dairy or soy protein intake combined with resistance training enhanced strength gains in older adults., METHODS: 179 healthy older adults (age 61.5 +/- 7.4 yrs, BMI 27.6 +/- 3.6 kg/m(2)) performed resistance training three times per week for 12 weeks and were randomized to one of three eucaloric dietary treatments which delivered >20 g of protein at each main meal or immediately after resistance training: high dairy protein (HP-D, >1.2 g of protein/kg body weight/d; ~27 g/d dairy protein); high soy protein (HP-S, >1.2 g of protein/kg body weight/d; ~27 g/d soy protein); usual protein intake (UP, <1.2 g of protein/kg body weight/d). Muscle strength, body composition, physical function and quality of life were assessed at baseline and 12 weeks. Treatments effects were analyzed using two-way ANOVA., RESULTS: 83 participants completed the intervention per protocol (HP-D = 34, HP-S = 26, UP = 23). Protein intake was higher in HP-D and HP-S compared with UP (HP-D 1.41 +/- 0.14 g/kg/d, HP-S 1.42 +/- 0.61 g/kg/d, UP 1.10 +/- 0.10 g/kg/d; P < 0.001 treatment effect). Strength increased less in HP-S compared with HP-D and UP (HP-D 92.1 +/- 40.8%, HP-S 63.0 +/- 23.8%,UP 92.3 +/- 35.4%; P = 0.002 treatment effect). Lean mass, physical function and mental health scores increased and fat mass decreased (P <= 0.006), with no treatment effect (P > 0.06)., CONCLUSIONS: Increased soy protein intake attenuated gains in muscle strength during resistance training in older adults compared with increased intake of dairy protein or usual protein intake., CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ACTRN12612000177853 www.anzctr.org.au. Copyright © 2015 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Kefir drink leads to a similar weight loss, compared with milk, in a dairy-rich non-energy-restricted diet in overweight or obese premenopausal women: a randomized controlled trial.; PURPOSE: Controversy exists regarding whether increasing dairy intake without energy restriction would lead to weight loss. We aimed to compare the potential weight-reducing effects of kefir drink (a probiotic dairy product) and milk in a dairy-rich non-energy-restricted diet in overweight or obese premenopausal women., METHODS: One hundred and forty-four subjects were assessed for eligibility in this single-center, multi-arm, parallel-group, randomized controlled trial. Of these, seventy-five eligible women aged 25-45 years were randomly assigned to three groups, labeled as control, milk, and kefir, to receive an outpatient dietary regimen for 8 weeks. Subjects in the control group received a diet providing a maintenance level of energy intake, containing 2 servings/day of low-fat dairy products, while those in the milk and kefir groups received a weight maintenance diet, containing 2 additional servings/day (a total of 4 servings/day) of dairy products from low-fat milk or commercial kefir drink, respectively. Anthropometric outcomes including weight, body mass index (BMI), and waist circumference (WC) were measured every 2 weeks., RESULTS: Fifty-eight subjects completed the study. Using analysis of covariance models in the intention-to-treat population (n = 75), we found that at 8 weeks, subjects in the kefir and milk groups had significantly greater reductions in weight, BMI, and WC compared to those in the control group (all p < 0.01). However, no such significant differences were found between the kefir and milk groups., CONCLUSIONS: Kefir drink leads to a similar weight loss, compared with milk, in a dairy-rich non-energy-restricted diet in overweight or obese premenopausal women. However, further studies are warranted.
Partial Meal Replacement Plan and Quality of the Diet at 1 Year: Action for Health in Diabetes (Look AHEAD) Trial.; BACKGROUND: Little is known about diet quality with a reduced-energy, low-fat, partial meal replacement plan, especially in individuals with type 2 diabetes. The Action for Health in Diabetes (Look AHEAD) trial implemented a partial meal replacement plan in the Intensive Lifestyle Intervention., OBJECTIVE: To compare dietary intake and percent meeting fat-related and food group dietary recommendations in Intensive Lifestyle Intervention and Diabetes Support and Education groups at 12 months., DESIGN: A randomized controlled trial comparing Intensive Lifestyle Intervention with Diabetes Support and Education at 0 and 12 months., PARTICIPANTS/SETTING: From 16 US sites, the first 50% of participants (aged 45 to 76 years, overweight or obese, with type 2 diabetes) were invited to complete dietary assessments. Complete 0- and 12-month dietary assessments (collected between 2001 and 2004) were available for 2,397 participants (46.6% of total participants), with 1,186 randomized to Diabetes Support and Education group and 1,211 randomized to Intensive Lifestyle Intervention group., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: A food frequency questionnaire assessed intake: energy; percent energy from protein, fat, carbohydrate, polyunsaturated fatty acids, and saturated fats; trans-fatty acids; cholesterol; fiber; weekly meal replacements; and daily servings from food groups from the Food Guide Pyramid., STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Mixed-factor analyses of covariance, using Proc MIXED with a repeated statement, with age, sex, race/ethnicity, education, and income controlled. Unadjusted chi2 tests compared percent meeting fat-related and food group recommendations at 12 months., RESULTS: At 12 months, Intensive Lifestyle Intervention participants had a significantly lower fat and cholesterol intake and greater fiber intake than Diabetes Support and Education participants. Intensive Lifestyle Intervention participants consumed more servings per day of fruits; vegetables; and milk, yogurt, and cheese; and fewer servings per day of fats, oils, and sweets than Diabetes Support and Education participants. A greater percentage of Intensive Lifestyle Intervention participants than Diabetes Support and Education participants met fat-related and most food group recommendations. Within Intensive Lifestyle Intervention, a greater percentage of participants consuming two or more meal replacements per day than participants consuming less than one meal replacement per day met most fat-related and food group recommendations., CONCLUSIONS: The partial meal replacement plan consumed by Intensive Lifestyle Intervention participants was related to superior diet quality. Copyright © 2015 Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Fructose containing sugars do not raise blood pressure or uric acid at normal levels of human consumption.; The impact of fructose, commonly consumed with sugars by humans, on blood pressure and uric acid has yet to be defined. A total of 267 weight-stable participants drank sugar-sweetened milk every day for 10 weeks as part of their usual, mixed-nutrient diet. Groups 1 and 2 had 9% estimated caloric intake from fructose or glucose, respectively, added to milk. Groups 3 and 4 had 18% of estimated caloric intake from high fructose corn syrup or sucrose, respectively, added to the milk. Blood pressure and uric acid were determined prior to and after the 10-week intervention. There was no effect of sugar type on either blood pressure or uric acid (interaction P>.05), and a significant time effect for blood pressure was noted (P<.05). The authors conclude that 10 weeks of consumption of fructose at the 50th percentile level, whether consumed as pure fructose or with fructose-glucose-containing sugars, does not promote hyperuricemia or increase blood pressure. Copyright © 2014 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Type and amount of dietary protein in the treatment of metabolic syndrome: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Food-based dietary patterns emphasizing plant protein that were evaluated in the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) and OmniHeart trials are recommended for the treatment of metabolic syndrome (MetS). However, the contribution of plant protein to total protein in these diets is proportionally less than that of animal protein., OBJECTIVE: This study compared 3 diets varying in type (animal compared with plant) and amount of protein on MetS criteria., DESIGN: Sixty-two overweight adults with MetS consumed a healthy American diet for 2 wk before being randomly allocated to either a modified DASH diet rich in plant protein (18% protein, two-thirds plant sources, n = 9 males, 12 females), a modified DASH diet rich in animal protein (Beef in an Optimal Lean Diet: 18.4% protein, two-thirds animal sources, n = 9 males, 11 females), or a moderate-protein diet (Beef in an Optimal Lean Diet Plus Protein: 27% protein, two-thirds animal sources, n = 10 males, 11 females). Diets were compared across 3 phases of energy balance: 5 wk of controlled (all foods provided) weight maintenance (WM), 6 wk of controlled weight loss (minimum 500-kcal/d deficit) including exercise (WL), and 12 wk of prescribed, free-living weight loss (FL). The primary endpoint was change in MetS criteria., RESULTS: All groups achieved ~5% weight loss at the end of the WL phase and maintained it through FL, with no between-diet differences (WM compared with WL, FL, P < 0.0001; between diets, P = NS). All MetS criteria decreased independent of diet composition (main effect of phase, P < 0.01; between diets, P = NS). After WM, all groups had a MetS prevalence of 80-90% [healthy American diet (HAD) compared with WM, P = NS], which decreased to 50-60% after WL and was maintained through FL (HAD, WM vs WL, FL, P < 0.01)., CONCLUSIONS: Weight loss was the primary modifier of MetS resolution in our study population regardless of protein source or amount. Our findings demonstrate that heart-healthy weight-loss dietary patterns that emphasize either animal or plant protein improve MetS criteria similarly. This study was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00937638. Copyright © 2015 American Society for Nutrition.
Lactose-free milk for infants with acute gastroenteritis in a developing country: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Acute gastroenteritis is a major cause of pediatric morbidity and mortality, accounting for 15% of all childhood deaths worldwide. In developing countries, diarrheal diseases continue to be a major public health burden. Evidence from developed countries suggests that intake of lactose-free milk during diarrheal episodes may reduce the duration of the illness in pediatric inpatients. It is unknown whether lactose-free milk reduces the severity or duration of acute gastroenteritis in infants treated in outpatient settings in developing countries where diarrhea is more severe, and results in higher morbidities and mortalities. We hypothesize that lactose-free milk intake during acute gastroenteritis would significantly decrease the duration and severity of diarrhea in infants presenting to the Emergency Department (ED), as compared with lactose-containing milk., METHODS/DESIGN: An open-label randomized clinical trial., STUDY POPULATION: 40 infants with acute gastroenteritis, age between 2 and 12 months, presenting to the ED, will be randomized to control or intervention group., INTERVENTION: Lactose-free milk, whereas the control group will continue on regular infant formula for a total of 7 days. Infants will be followed up for 7 days., OUTCOME MEASURES: Diarrhea duration, weight loss, illness clinic visits, hospitalization rate, parental satisfaction, and time to symptom resolution., STATISTICAL ANALYSIS: Descriptive and regression analysis will be conducted under the intention-to-treat basis by using SPSS version 21., DISCUSSION: Acute gastroenteritis is a public health burden for developing countries, with a significant impact on infant morbidity and mortality. Provision of infant formula that may reduce the duration and severity of diarrhea can decrease this burden in countries with limited healthcare resources, like Lebanon. The findings from this study are anticipated to provide evidence-based dietary recommendations for ambulatory infants with acute diarrhea in developing countries., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02246010; September 2014.
A comparison study on the prevalence of obesity and its associated factors among city, township and rural area adults in China.; OBJECTIVES: To explore the association of dietary behaviour factors on obesity among city, township and rural area adults., SETTING: A stratified cluster sampling technique was employed in the present cross-sectional study. On the basis of socioeconomic characteristics, two cities, two townships and two residential villages were randomly selected where the investigation was conducted., PARTICIPANTS: A total of 1770 city residents, 2071 town residents and 1736 rural area residents participated in this survey., PRIMARY AND SECONDARY OUTCOME MEASURES: Dietary data were collected through interviews with each household member. Anthropometric values were measured. Participants with a body mass index (BMI) of >=28.0 kg/m(2) were defined as obesity., RESULTS: The prevalence of obesity was 10.1%, 7.3% and 6.5% among city, township and rural area adults, respectively. Correlation analysis showed that for adults living in cities, the daily intake of rice and its products, wheat flour and its products, light coloured vegetables, pickled vegetables, nut, pork and sauce was positively correlated with BMI (r=0.112, 0.084, 0.109, 0.129, 0.077, 0.078, 0.125, p<0.05), while the daily intake of tubers, dried beans, milk and dairy products was negatively correlated with BMI (r=-0.086, -0.078, -0.116, p<0.05). For township residents, the daily intake of vegetable oil, salt, chicken essence, monosodium glutamate and sauce was positively correlated with BMI (r=0.088, 0.091, 0.078, 0.087, 0.189, p<0.05). For rural area residents, the daily intake of pork, fish and shrimp, vegetable oil and salt was positively correlated with BMI (r=0.087, 0.122, 0.093, 0.112, p<0.05), while the daily intake of dark coloured vegetables was negatively correlated with BMI (r=-0.105, p<0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of obesity was higher among city residents than among township and rural area residents. The findings of this study indicate that demographic and dietary factors could be associated with obesity among adults. Healthy dietary behaviour should be promoted and the ongoing monitoring of population nutrition and health status remains crucially important. Copyright Published by the BMJ Publishing Group Limited. For permission to use (where not already granted under a licence) please go to http://group.bmj.com/group/rights-licensing/permissions.
Feasibility of Recruiting Families into a Heart Disease Prevention Program Based on Dietary Patterns.; Offspring of parents with a history of cardiovascular disease (CVD) inherit a similar genetic profile and share diet and lifestyle behaviors. This study aimed to evaluate the feasibility of recruiting families at risk of CVD to a dietary prevention program, determine the changes in diet achieved, and program acceptability. Families were recruited into a pilot parallel group randomized controlled trial consisting of a three month evidence-based dietary intervention, based on the Mediterranean and Portfolio diets. Feasibility was assessed by recruitment and retention rates, change in diet by food frequency questionnaire, and program acceptability by qualitative interviews and program evaluation. Twenty one families were enrolled over 16 months, with fourteen families (n = 42 individuals) completing the study. Post-program dietary changes in the intervention group included small daily increases in vegetable serves (0.8 +/- 1.3) and reduced usage of full-fat milk (-21%), cheese (-12%) and meat products (-17%). Qualitative interviews highlighted beneficial changes in food purchasing habits. Future studies need more effective methods of recruitment to engage families in the intervention. Once engaged, families made small incremental improvements in their diets. Evaluation indicated that feedback on diet and CVD risk factors, dietetic counselling and the resources provided were appropriate for a program of this type.
Dietary intake of children attending full-time child care: What are they eating away from the child-care center?.; BACKGROUND: The Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics recommends children attending full-time child care obtain one-half to two-thirds of daily nutrient needs during their time at the child-care center, leaving one-third to one-half to be consumed away from the center. Although there are guidelines to optimize dietary intake of children attending child care, little is known about what these children consume away from the center., OBJECTIVE: To describe the dietary intake away from the child-care center for preschool-aged children relative to the expected one-third to one-half proportion of recommended intake, and to examine the relationships between energy intake away from the center with weight status, food group consumption, and low-income status., DESIGN: Cross-sectional study conducted between November 2009 and January 2011., PARTICIPANTS/SETTING: Participants (n=339) attended 30 randomly selected, licensed, full-time child-care centers in Hamilton County, OH., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Child weight status and dietary intake (food/beverages consumed outside the child-care setting from the time of pickup from the center to the child's bedtime), including energy and servings of fruits, vegetables, milk, 100% juice, sugar-sweetened beverages, and snack foods., STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Generalized linear mixed models were used to examine independent associations of food group servings and low-income status to energy intake and energy intake to child weight status., RESULTS: The mean energy intake consumed away from the center (685+/-17 kcal) was more than the recommended target range (433 to 650 kcal). Intakes of fruits, vegetables, and milk were less than recommended. Food group servings and overweight/obesity status were positively associated with energy intake while away from the center., CONCLUSIONS: Preschool-aged children consume more energy and less fruits, vegetables, and milk outside of child-care centers than recommended. Overweight status was associated with children's dietary intake after leaving the child-care center. It may be beneficial to include parents in obesity prevention efforts targeting children attending child-care centers. Copyright © 2015 Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Prevention of bacterial infections in the newborn by pre-delivery administration of azithromycin: Study protocol of a randomized efficacy trial.; BACKGROUND: Neonatal deaths, estimated at approximately 4 million annually, now account for almost 40% of global mortality in children aged under-five. Bacterial sepsis is a leading cause of neonatal mortality. Assuming the mother is the main source for bacterial transmission to newborns, the primary objective of the trial is to determine the impact of one oral dose of azithromycin, given to women in labour, on the newborn's bacterial carriage in the nasopharynx. Secondary objectives include the impact of the intervention on bacterial colonization in the baby and the mother during the first month of life., METHODS/DESIGN: This is a Phase III, double -blind, placebo controlled randomized clinical trial in which 830 women in labour were randomized to either a single dose of 2 g oral azithromycin or placebo (ratio 1:1). The trial included pregnant women in labour aged 18 to 45 years attending study health centres in the Western Gambia. A post-natal check of the mother and baby was conducted at the health centre by study clinicians before discharge and 8-10 days after delivery. Home follow up visits were conducted daily during the first week and then weekly until week 8 after delivery. Vaginal swabs and breast milk samples were collected from the mothers, and the pathogens Streptococcus pneumoniae, Group B Streptococcus (GBS) and Staphylococcus aureus were isolated from the study samples. For bacterial isolates, susceptibility pattern to azithromycin was determined using disk diffusion and E-test. Eye swabs were collected from newborns with eye discharge during the follow up period, and Chlamydial infection was assessed using molecular methods., DISCUSSION: This is a proof-of-concept study to assess the impact of antibiotic preventive treatment of women during labour on bacterial infections in the newborn. If the trial confirms this hypothesis, the next step will be to assess the impact of this intervention on neonatal sepsis. The proposed intervention should be easily implementable in developing countries., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier--NCT01800942--First received: February 26, 2013.
Effectiveness of a behavioural intervention to prevent excessive weight gain during infancy (The Baby Milk Trial): study protocol for a randomised controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Infancy is a period of rapid growth and habit formation and hence could be a critical period for obesity prevention. Excess weight gain during infancy is associated with later obesity and formula-fed babies are more likely to gain excess weight compared to breastfed babies. The primary trial outcome is a change in the weight standard deviation score from birth to 1 year., METHODS/DESIGN: We will recruit 650 to 700 parents who introduce formula-milk feeds within 14 weeks of their baby's birth to a single (assessor) blind, parallel group, individually randomised controlled trial. The focus of the intervention is the caregiver (usually the mother), and the focus of the primary outcome is the infant. The intervention group will receive the behavioural intervention, which aims to reduce formula-milk intake, promote responsive feeding and healthy weaning, and prevent excessive weight gain during infancy. The intervention is based on Social Cognitive Theory and action planning ('implementation intentions'). It consists of three components: (1) a motivational component to strengthen parents' motivation to follow the Baby Milk feeding guidelines, (2) an action planning component to help translate motivation into action, and (3) a coping planning component to help parents deal with difficult situations. It will be delivered by trained facilitators (research nurses) over 6 months through three face-to-face contacts, two telephone contacts and written materials. The control group will have the same number of contacts with facilitators, and general issues about feeding will be discussed. Anthropometric outcomes will be measured by trained research staff, blind to group allocation, at baseline, 6 months and 12 months following standard operating procedures. Validated questionnaires will assess milk intake, temperament, appetite, sleep, maternal quality of life and maternal psychological factors. A 4-day food diary will be completed at 8 months., DISCUSSION: The results of the trial will help to inform infant feeding guidelines and to understand the links between infant feeding, behaviour, appetite and growth., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ISRTCN20814693 . Registration date 13 January 2011.
Effect of whole soy and purified daidzein on ambulatory blood pressure and endothelial function--a 6-month double-blind, randomized controlled trial among Chinese postmenopausal women with prehypertension.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Although observational studies suggest that soy foods or isoflavones are cardio-protective, clinical trials on whole soy or isoflavone daidzein (one major isoflavone and the precursor of equol) on blood pressure (BP) and endothelial function (EF) are few and have not been specifically conducted among equol producers, a population most likely to benefit from soy treatment., SUBJECTS/METHODS: We performed a 6-month double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial to examine the effect of whole soy (soy flour) or purified daidzein on BP and EF in prehypertensive or untreated hypertensive postmenopausal women verified to be equol producers. A total of 270 eligible women were recruited and randomized to either one of the three treatment groups, 40 g soy flour (whole soy group), 40 g low-fat milk powder+63 mg daidzein (daidzein group) or 40 g low-fat milk powder (active control group) daily, each given as a solid beverage powder for 6 months. The primary outcome measures were 24 h ambulatory BP (ABP) and EF assessed by flow-mediated dilation using brachial artery ultrasound., RESULTS: A total of 253 subjects completed the study according to protocol. Urinary isoflavones indicated good compliance with the interventions. Intention to treat and per-protocol analysis indicated that there was no significant difference in the 6-month changes or % changes in parameters of ABP and brachial flow-mediated dilation among the three treatment groups. A further subgroup analysis among hypertensive women (n=138) did not alter the conclusions., CONCLUSIONS: Whole soy and purified daidzein had no significant effect on BP and vascular function among equol-producing postmenopausal women with prehypertension or untreated hypertension.
[CAN FOOD THICKENING IMPROVE THE ABILITY OF PREMATURE INFANTS TO ACQUIRE FULL ORAL FEEDING EARLIER? A PILOT STUDY].; BACKGROUND: Acquiring oral feeding skills can take longer in preterm infants and can lengthen their hospital stay., OBJECTIVE: To study whether food thickening could improve preterm infants' ability to reach full oral feeding earlier., METHODS: This is a prospective randomized trial for which 15 infants were recruited upon showing signs of oral feeding readiness. Eight infants fed on human milk were controls. Of the 7 infants fed on formula, five infants were randomized to food thickening with corn flour starch and two infants were given another un-thickened control., RESULTS: Mean gestational age was 29.0 +/- 2.3 weeks and mean birth-weight was 1174 +/- 325 g. Food thickening had no effect on the time to reach full oral feeding (17.4 +/- 6.7 days with thickened formula vs. 18.0 +/- 7.0 on un-thickened formula and 12.1 +/- 9.5 on human milk) or on the length of stay (66.8 +/- 26.0 days vs. 52.5 +/- 17.7 and 56.2 +/- 25.3, respectivey). Multivariate analysis showed that time to full oral feeding and length of stay were only associated with gestational age or birth-weight and respiratory morbidity, as expressed in the number of ventilation and supplemental oxygen days. Weight gain was faster in those given thickened formula (36.0 +/- 7.1 g/day) compared to those on human milk (28.5 +/- 6.5 g/day)., CONCLUSIONS: Food thickening with corn flour did not shorten the time to reach full oral feeding in preterm infants. This type of food thickening was associated with extra weight gain. Larger blinded prospective studies are needed to confirm our findings.
A Vitamin D-Calcium-Fortified Yogurt Drink Decreased Serum PTH but did not Affect Osteocalcin in Subjects with Type 2 Diabetes.; INTRODUCTION: There is sparse evidence of the effect of vitamin D on bone biomarkers in diabetic patients, and therefore, in a randomized clinical trial, we evaluated the effects of the daily intake of vitamin D, either with or without extra calcium, on selected bone biomarkers., MATERIALS AND METHODS: Ninety women and men aged 30 - 50 years old with type 2 diabetes were randomly divided into three groups in a double-blind manner. Group 1 (PD), the control group, received a plain yogurt drink. Groups 2 (DD) and 3 (CDD) received 1000 IU vitamin D3, and 1000 IU vitamin D3 plus 500 mg calcium, respectively, via drinking two 250 mL bottles a day of a fortified yogurt drink for twelve weeks. Anthropometric and biochemical assessments were made, including 25(OH), intact parathyroid hormone (iPTH), osteocalcin, and calcium., RESULTS: Although the time and time x group interaction effects on the bone biomarkers were not statistically significant, there was a modest decrease in iPTH concentrations in both DD and CDD groups over twelve weeks. The subgroups with initial vitamin D deficiency/insufficiency in the CDD group had greater and significant decrease in serum iPTH concentrations after twelve weeks of treatment compared to the PD group (- 9.0 +/- 21.2 v.s 8.6 +/- 21.8 pg/mL, p = 0.042)., CONCLUSION: The improvement in vitamin D status following the daily intake of fortified doogh for twelve weeks was accompanied by a decrement in iPTH, mostly in those subjects with poor initial vitamin D status.
[Effects of egg and milk supplementation on growth and development among children in poor rural area].; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effects of egg and milk supplementation on growth and development and body composition among children in poor rural area in Tianyang County of Guangxi province., METHODS: Total four schools were randomly selected from four towns in Tianyang County of Guangxi province as intervention group in April, 2013. The intervention measures included that these students were given salty egg (net weight: 50 g) and ultra-high-temperature-sterilization school milk (net weight: 200 g) every school day and these schools were equipped with standard kitchens. Another four schools of familiar socio-economic level, teaching quality and size from the same town were randomly chosen as control group and none of the intervention measures were implemented. About 25 students were randomly selected and stratified by grades from grade one to grade five. The height, weight, and body composition of all students were measured in April, 2013 and one year after the intervention. A total of 978 students were measured at baseline from age 6 to 13, 552 students as intervention group and 426 as control group. t-test was used to compare the differences between groups and multivariate unconditional logistic regression was used to analyze the factors of malnutrition., RESULTS: After one year intervention, 892 students were measured randomly, with 515 students in intervention group and 377 in control one. The average weight of boys in intervention group increased (3.6 +/- 1.7) kg compared with baseline. It was significantly higher than that of control group ((2.9 +/- 1.5) kg) (t = 4.40, P < 0.001). The boy's lean body mass of intervention group increased (2.6 +/- 1.4) kg, higher than the control group ((2.0 +/- 1.2) kg) (t = 3.95, P < 0.001). The decrease of malnutrition rate of intervention schools (11.8%) was significantly higher than that of the control schools (4.7%, chi2 = 16.90, P < 0.001), and the odds ratio was 0.37 (95% CI: 0.23-0.59). The risk difference of overweight and obesity was not statistically significant between the two groups (OR = 1.68, 95% CI: 0.57-4.94)., CONCLUSION: After supplementing milk and egg, the nutritional status of the poor rural pupils was improved.
Intermittent Bolus or Semicontinuous Feeding for Preterm Infants?.; OBJECTIVES: The aim of the present study was to assess the clinical benefits and risks of semicontinuous (CON) versus intermittent nasogastric tube feeding in low-birth-weight infants., METHODS: Infants with a birth weight <1750 g and gestational age <32 weeks were stratified according to birth weight and assigned to either CON or intermittent bolus (BOL) feeding. The primary endpoint was days to full enteral feeding (defined as 120 mL(-1) . kg(-1) . day(-1)). We also collected data on feeding tolerance, weight gain, respiratory support, and complications (sepsis, necrotising enterocolitis, and death)., RESULTS: There was no difference between the 2 groups (CON n = 121, BOL n = 125) in days to reach full enteral feeding--7 (5-10) versus 6 (5-8) days, respectively, with a difference 1 (-0.05 to 2.1). Mean daily gastric residual volumes, however, were significantly lower in the BOL group (4.8 vs 3.9 mL/day, difference 0.9 mL/day [0.1-1.7]), as was the total number of patients with feeding interruptions (76 vs 59, difference 16% [3%-28%])., CONCLUSIONS: Bolus and continuous feeding are equally suitable feeding strategies for preterm neonates. BOL feeding, however, may be preferable.
A Controlled Comparison Study of Topical Fluourouracil 5% Cream Pre-Treatment of Aminolevulinic Acid/Photodynamic Therapy for Actinic Keratosis.; INTRODUCTION: Topical Fluorouracil 5% cream (5-FU) and 20% aminolevulinic acid (ALA)/ photodynamic therapy (PDT) are both FDA approved for the treatment of Actinic Keratosis (AK). We have studied the use of these 2 agents alone and in a sequential manner. We have also used a 5-FU re-challenge 3 months after treatment to highlight the efficacy of these treatments., METHODS: This was an investigator-blinded randomized study in which 30 patients were randomized 1:1:1 into the following groups: Group 1 patients pretreated for 6-7 days with 5-FU, ALA applied with incubation of 2 hours, ALA removed with wet gauze, illuminated treated areas with 10 J/cm(2) with Blu-U device; Group 2 patients treated with 5-FU BID for 6-7 days and no ALA/PDT; Group 3 patients received no pretreatment, ALA applied with incubation of 2 hours, ALA removed with wet gauze, illuminated treated areas with 10 J.cm2 with Blu-U device. Patients were seen at screening/baseline, treatment for ALA/PDT, 24 hours post treatment, 1 week post treatment and 3 months post treatment. All subjects were then given a re-challenge course of 5-FU for 6 days and reassessed., RESULTS: AK counts in all groups were dramatically decreased and similar at 1 and 3 months post treatment. The re-challenge brought a significant difference with many subclinical lesions in the area of activity in the ALA and 5-FU alone groups., CONCLUSIONS: All three arms appeared equal in treating visible AKs. These data strongly suggests a synergistic role of 5-FU with ALA/PDT over ALA/PDT or 5-FU alone in treating the subclinical lesions demonstrated on a 5-FU re-challenge. Treatment of these subclinical lesions should result in a longer remission. The data also suggests that a 5-FU re-challenge could be a clinical tool to judge the efficacy of treatment for AK if these subclinical lesions are proven to be an AK precursor.
Comparative effects of intraduodenal whey protein hydrolysate on antropyloroduodenal motility, gut hormones, glycemia, appetite, and energy intake in lean and obese men.; BACKGROUND: In lean individuals, intraduodenal protein and lipid modulate gastrointestinal motor and hormone functions and reduce energy intake in a load-dependent manner; protein also stimulates insulin, with modest effects on reducing blood glucose. The effect of intraduodenal lipid on gastrointestinal motor and hormone responses is diminished in obesity; whether the effects of protein are also attenuated remains unclear., OBJECTIVES: The objectives of this study were to characterize the load-dependent effects of intraduodenal whey protein hydrolysate on antropyloroduodenal pressures, gut hormones, glycemia, appetite, and energy intake in obese subjects and to compare the responses to the higher protein load with those in lean subjects., DESIGN: We measured antropyloroduodenal pressures, plasma cholecystokinin (CCK), glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1), glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP), glucagon, insulin, blood glucose, appetite, and energy intake in 12 nondiabetic obese men on 3 separate occasions, in a double-blind, randomized order, during 60-min intraduodenal infusions of hydrolyzed whey protein at either 0 (saline control), 1.5, or 3 kcal/min. Twelve age-matched lean individuals received a 3-kcal/min infusion only. Immediately after the infusions, energy intake from a buffet lunch was quantified., RESULTS: In obese subjects, protein suppressed antral and duodenal pressures; stimulated plasma CCK, GLP-1, GIP, insulin, and glucagon (all r > 0.57, P < 0.01); and tended to reduce energy intake (r = -10.38, P = 0.057) in a dose-dependent manner. In response to the 3-kcal/min protein load, antropyloroduodenal pressures, CCK, GLP-1, and glucagon did not differ between lean and obese subjects. Insulin release was greater, and GIP release less, in obese than in lean subjects (both P < 0.05), whereas the reduction in glucose was comparable. Energy intake tended to be higher in obese subjects (P = 0.08)., CONCLUSIONS: The gastrointestinal effects of hydrolyzed whey protein remain relatively intact in obesity; however, the observed changes in insulin and GIP suggest early disturbances in the insulin-incretin axis. This study was registered at www.anzctr.org.au as ACTRN 12612000203853. Copyright © 2015 American Society for Nutrition.
Growth and tolerance of formula with lactoferrin in infants through one year of age: double-blind, randomized, controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Human milk provides necessary macronutrients (protein, carbohydrate, fat) required for infant nutrition. Lactoferrin (Lf), a multifunctional iron-binding protein predominant in human milk, shares similar protein sequence, structure, and bioactivity with bovine Lf (bLf). This large-scale pediatric nutrition study was designed to evaluate growth and tolerance in healthy infants who received study formulas with bLf at concentrations within the range of mature human milk., METHODS: In this multi-center, double-blind, parallel-designed, gender-stratified prospective study 480 infants were randomized to receive a marketed routine cow's milk-based infant formula (Control; n = 155) or one of two investigational formulas with bLf at 0.6 g/L (LF-0.6; n = 165) or 1.0 g/L (LF-1.0; n = 160) from 14-365 days of age. Investigational formulas also had a prebiotic blend of polydextrose (PDX) and galactooligosaccharides (GOS) and adjusted arachidonic acid (ARA). The primary outcome was weight growth rate from 14-120 days of age. Anthropometric measurements were taken at 14, 30, 60, 90, 120, 180, 275, and 365 days of age. Parental recall of formula intake, tolerance, and stool characteristics was collected at each time point. Medically-confirmed adverse events were collected throughout the study period., RESULTS: There were no group differences in growth rate (g/day) from 14-120 days of age; 353 infants completed the study through 365 days of age (, CONTROL: 110; LF-0.6: 127; LF-1.0: 116). Few differences in growth, formula intake, and infant fussiness or gassiness were observed through 365 day of age. Group discontinuation rates and the overall group incidence of medically-confirmed adverse events were not significantly different. From 30 through 180 days of age, group differences in stool consistency (P < 0.005) were detected with softer stools for infants in the LF-0.6 and LF-1.0 groups versus CONTROL., CONCLUSION: Compared to the Control, infants who received investigational formulas with bLf and the prebiotic blend of PDX and GOS experienced a softer stooling pattern similar to that reported in breastfed infants. This study demonstrated routine infant formulas with bLf, a blend of PDX and GOS, and adjusted ARA were safe, well-tolerated, and associated with normal growth when fed to healthy term infants through 365 days of age., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01122654 . Registered 10 May 2010.
Acute load-dependent effects of oral whey protein on gastric emptying, gut hormone release, glycemia, appetite, and energy intake in healthy men.; BACKGROUND: In healthy individuals, intraduodenal whey protein load-dependently modulates gastrointestinal motor and hormonal functions and suppresses energy intake. The effect of oral whey, particularly the impact of load, has not been evaluated., OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to quantify gastric emptying of 30 and 70 g of oral whey protein loads and their relation to gastrointestinal hormone, glycemic, and appetitive responses., DESIGN: On 3 separate occasions in a randomized, double-blind order, 18 lean men [mean +/- SEM age: 24.8 +/- 1.4 y; body mass index (in kg/m(2)): 21.6 +/- 0.5] received iso-osmolar, equally palatable drinks (~450 mL) containing 30 g pure whey protein isolate (L), 70 g pure whey protein isolate (H), or saline (control). Gastric emptying (with the use of 3-dimensional ultrasound), plasma cholecystokinin, glucagon-like peptide 1, glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide, insulin, glucagon, total amino acids, and blood glucose were measured for 180 min after consumption of the drinks, and energy intake at a buffet-style lunch was quantified., RESULTS: Gastric emptying of the L and H drinks was comparable when expressed in kilocalories per minute (L: 2.6 +/- 0.2 kcal/min; H: 2.9 +/- 0.3 kcal/min) and related between individuals (r = 0.54, P < 0.01). Gastrointestinal hormone, insulin, and glucagon responses to the L and H drinks were comparable until ~45-60 min after ingestion, after which time the responses became more differentiated. Blood glucose was modestly reduced after the H drink between t = 45 and 150 min when compared with the L drink (all P < 0.05). Energy intake was suppressed by both L and H drinks compared with control (P < 0.05) (control: 1174 +/- 91 kcal; L: 1027 +/- 81 kcal; and H: 997 +/- 71 kcal)., CONCLUSION: These findings indicate that, in healthy lean men, the rate of gastric emptying of whey protein is independent of load and determines the initial gastrointestinal hormone response. This study was registered at www.anzctr.org.au as 12611000706976. Copyright © 2015 American Society for Nutrition.
Effects of acute postexercise chocolate milk consumption during intensive judo training on the recovery of salivary hormones, salivary SIgA, mood state, muscle soreness, and judo-related performance.; This study examined the effects of postexercise chocolate milk (CM) or water (W) consumption during 5 days of intensive judo training with concomitant weight loss on salivary cortisol and testosterone, salivary secretory immunoglobulin A (SIgA), delayed-onset muscle soreness (DOMS), and judo-related performance. Twelve trained male judo athletes engaged in 5 days of intensive judo training followed by a simulated judo competition, on 2 separate training weeks 14 days apart. The athletes consumed 1000 mL of W (week 1) or CM (week 2) immediately post-training. During both weeks, athletes were instructed to "make weight" for the upcoming competition. Performance in timed push-ups and the Special Judo Fitness Test improved by 14.6% and 6.8%, respectively, at the end of the training week with CM consumption (both p < 0.001). Decreased salivary cortisol (p < 0.01) and a trend for an increased salivary testosterone/cortisol ratio (p = 0.07) were also observed midweek in the CM condition. Saliva flow rate was higher during the week with CM intake compared with W intake (p < 0.001). DOMS (p < 0.001) and mood disturbance (p < 0.0001) increased after the first day of training in the W condition but not in the CM condition. Salivary testosterone and SIgA responses were similar between treatments (p > 0.05). Body mass decreased by 1.9% in the W condition and by 1.1% in the CM condition, with no significant difference between treatments. This study indicates that postexercise CM consumption during short-term intensive judo training enhances aspects of recovery without affecting intentional weight loss.
No Effect of Added Sugar Consumed at Median American Intake Level on Glucose Tolerance or Insulin Resistance.; Excess sugar consumption may promote adverse changes in hepatic and total body insulin resistance. Debate continues over the effects of sugars at more typically consumed levels and whether the identity of the sugar consumed is important. In the present study participants (20-60 years old) were randomly assigned to one of five groups, three that consumed low fat milk with added fructose containing sugars in amounts equivalent to the 50th percentile of fructose consumption (US), one which consumed low-fat milk sweetened with glucose, and one unsweetened low-fat milk control group. The intervention lasted ten weeks. In the entire study population there was less than 1 kg increase in weight (73.6 +/-13.0 vs. 74.5 +/- 13.3 kg, p < 0.001), but the change in weight was comparable among groups (p > 0.05). There were no changes in fasting glucose (49 +/- 0.4 vs. 5.0 +/- 0.5 mmol/L), insulin (56.9 +/- 38.9 vs. 61.8 +/- 50.0 pmol/L), or insulin resistance, as measured by the Homeostasis Model Assessment method (1.8 +/- 1.3 vs. 2.0 +/- 1.5, all p > 0.05). These data suggest that added sugar consumed at the median American intake level does not produce changes in measures of insulin sensitivity or glucose tolerance and that no sugar has more deleterious effects than others.
Casein Compared with Whey Proteins Affects the Organization of Dietary Fat during Digestion and Attenuates the Postprandial Triglyceride Response to a Mixed High-Fat Meal in Healthy, Overweight Men.; BACKGROUND: Postprandial lipemia is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease. The potential impacts of the type/nature of dietary protein on postprandial lipemia and associated dysregulations have been insufficiently investigated., OBJECTIVE: We investigated the postprandial effect of including in a high-fat meal some milk protein fractions that markedly differ in their physicochemical properties and composition [either casein (CAS), whey protein (WHE), or alpha-lactalbumin-enriched whey protein (LAC)]., METHODS: The protein fractions were incorporated as 15% energy in a high-fat meal in a 3-period, crossover postprandial study of 10 healthy overweight men with an elevated waist circumference (>94 cm). We measured postprandial changes in plasma lipids, amino acids, glucose, and oxidative stress markers, vascular function (using pulse contour analysis), and low-grade inflammation (using plasma markers). We also characterized in vitro the meal structures, including the size of the fat globule, and possible changes during digestion., RESULTS: The type of protein did not affect postprandial plasma glucose, amino acids, insulin, or nonesterified fatty acids, but, compared with WHE and LAC, which did not differ, CAS markedly reduced postprandial triglycerides (TGs), achieving a 22 +/- 10% reduction in the 6-h area under the curve (P < 0.05). Similar trends were shown for plasma chylomicrons [apolipoprotein (apo)B-48; P < 0.05]. However, there were no significant differences between the meals regarding postprandial oxidative stress (plasma hydroperoxides and malondialdehyde), endothelial dysfunction (salbutamol-induced changes in pulse contour analysis), or low-grade inflammation. In vitro studies showed that when the pH of the meal decreased to stomach pH values, the reduction in the solubility of casein resulted in a phase separation between fat and protein, whereas the proteins in the other meals remained suspended with fat globules., CONCLUSION: In healthy overweight men, casein has specific physical interactions with fat that affect postprandial TGs, leading to the formation of fewer chylomicrons or an increase in chylomicron clearance. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00931151. Copyright © 2015 American Society for Nutrition.
Growth and Tolerance of Preterm Infants Fed a New Extensively Hydrolyzed Liquid Human Milk Fortifier.; OBJECTIVES: This study was a comparison of growth and tolerance in premature infants fed either standard powdered human milk fortifier (HMF) or a newly formulated concentrated liquid that contained extensively hydrolyzed protein., METHODS: This was an unblinded randomized controlled multicenter noninferiority study on preterm infants receiving human milk (HM) supplemented with 2 randomly assigned HMFs, either concentrated liquid HMF containing extensively hydrolyzed protein (LE-HMF) or a powdered intact protein HMF (PI-HMF) as the control. The study population consisted of preterm infants <=33 weeks who were enterally fed HM. Infants were studied from the first day of HM fortification until day 29 or hospital discharge, whichever came first., RESULTS: A total of 147 preterm infants were enrolled. Noninferiority was observed in weight gain reported in the intent-to-treat (ITT) analysis was 18.2 and 17.5 g . kg(-1) . day(-1) for the LE-HMF and PI-HMF groups, respectively. In an a priori defined subgroup of strict protocol followers (n = 75), the infants fed LE-HMF achieved greater weight over time than those fed PI-HMF (P = 0.036). The LE-HMF group achieved greater linear growth over time compared to the PI-HMF (P = 0.029). The protein intake from fortified HM was significantly higher in the LE-HMF group compared with the PI-HMF group (3.9 vs 3.3 g . kg(-1) . day(-1), P < 0.0001). Both fortifiers were well tolerated with no significant differences in overall morbidity., CONCLUSIONS: Both fortifiers showed excellent weight gain (grams per kilograms per day), tolerance, and low incidence of morbidity outcomes with the infants who were strict protocol followers fed LE-HMF having improved growth during the study. These data point to the safety and suitability of this new concentrated liquid HMF (LE-HMF) in preterm infants. Growth with this fortifier closely matches the recent recommendations for a weight gain of >18 g . kg(-1) . day(-1).
Meta-Analysis: Effects of Probiotic Supplementation on Lipid Profiles in Normal to Mildly Hypercholesterolemic Individuals.; INTRODUCTION: Recent experimental and clinical studies have suggested that probiotic supplementation has beneficial effects on serum lipid profiles. However, there are conflicting results on the efficacy of probiotic preparations in reducing serum cholesterol., OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effects of probiotics on human serum lipid levels, we conducted a meta-analysis of interventional studies., METHODS: Eligible reports were obtained by searches of electronic databases. We included randomized, controlled clinical trials comparing probiotic supplementation with placebo or no treatment (control). Statistical analysis was performed with Review Manager 5.3.3. Subanalyses were also performed., RESULTS: Eleven of 33 randomized clinical trials retrieved were eligible for inclusion in the meta-analysis. No participant had received any cholesterol-lowering agent. Probiotic interventions (including fermented milk products and probiotics) produced changes in total cholesterol (TC) (mean difference -0.17 mmol/L, 95% CI: -0.27 to -0.07 mmol/L) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) (mean difference -0.22 mmol/L, 95% CI: -0.30 to -0.13 mmol/L). High-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglyceride levels did not differ significantly between probiotic and control groups. In subanalysis, long-term (> 4-week) probiotic intervention was statistically more effective in decreasing TC and LDL-C than short-term (<= 4-week) intervention. The decreases in TC and LDL-C levels with probiotic intervention were greater in mildly hypercholesterolemic than in normocholesterolemic individuals. Both fermented milk product and probiotic preparations decreased TC and LDL-C levels. Gaio and the Lactobacillus acidophilus strain reduced TC and LDL-C levels to a greater extent than other bacterial strains., CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, this meta-analysis showed that probiotic supplementation could be useful in the primary prevention of hypercholesterolemia and may lead to reductions in risk factors for cardiovascular disease.
Oropharyngeal administration of mother's colostrum, health outcomes of premature infants: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Extremely premature (birth weight < 1250 g) infants are at high risk for acquiring late-onset sepsis and necrotizing enterocolitis, which are associated with significant mortality and morbidity. Own mother's milk contains protective (immune and trophic) biofactors which provide antimicrobial, anti-inflammatory, antioxidant, and immunomodulatory functions, enhance intestinal microbiota, and promote intestinal maturation. Many of these biofactors are most highly concentrated in the milk expressed by mothers of extremely premature infants. However, since extremely premature infants do not receive oral milk feeds until 32 weeks post-conceptional age, they lack the potential benefit provided by milk (biofactor) exposure to oropharyngeal immunocompetent cells, and this deficiency could contribute to late-onset sepsis and necrotizing enterocolitis. Therefore, oropharyngeal administration of own mother's milk may improve the health outcomes of these infants., OBJECTIVES: To compare the effects of oropharyngeal administration of mother's milk to a placebo, for important clinical outcomes, including (1A) reducing the incidence of late-onset sepsis (primary outcome) and (1B) necrotizing enterocolitis and death (secondary outcomes). To identify the biomechanisms responsible for the beneficial effects of oropharyngeal mother's milk for extremely premature infants, including; (2A) enhancement of gastrointestinal (fecal) microbiota (2B) improvement in antioxidant defense maturation or reduction of pro-oxidant status, and (2C) maturation of immunostimulatory effects as measured by changes in urinary lactoferrin., METHODS/DESIGN: A 5-year, multi-center, double-blind, randomized controlled trial designed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of oropharyngeal mother's milk to reduce the incidence of (1A) late-onset sepsis and (1B) necrotizing enterocolitis and death in a large cohort of extremely premature infants (n = 622; total patients enrolled). Enrolled infants are randomly assigned to one of 2 groups: Group A infants receive 0.2 mL of own mother's milk, via oropharyngeal administration, every 2 hours for 48 hours, then every 3 hours until 32 weeks corrected-gestational age. Group B infants receive a placebo (0.2 mL sterile water) following the same protocol. Milk, urine, oral mucosal swab, and stool samples are collected at various time points, before, during and after the treatment periods. Health outcome and safety data are collected throughout the infant's stay., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT02116699 on 11 April 2014. Last updated: 26 May 2015.
alpha-Tocopherol bioavailability is lower in adults with metabolic syndrome regardless of dairy fat co-ingestion: a randomized, double-blind, crossover trial.; BACKGROUND: Increasing dietary fat intake is expected to improve alpha-tocopherol bioavailability, which could be beneficial for improving alpha-tocopherol status, especially in cohorts at high cardiometabolic risk who fail to meet dietary alpha-tocopherol requirements., OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to assess dose-dependent effects of dairy fat and metabolic syndrome (MetS) health status on alpha-tocopherol pharmacokinetics in plasma and lipoproteins., DESIGN: A randomized, crossover, double-blind study was conducted in healthy and MetS adults (n = 10/group) who ingested encapsulated hexadeuterium-labeled (d6)-RRR-alpha-tocopherol (15 mg) with 240 mL nonfat (0.2 g fat), reduced-fat (4.8 g fat), or whole (7.9 g fat) milk before blood collection at regular intervals for 72 h., RESULTS: Compared with healthy participants, those with MetS had lower (P < 0.05) baseline plasma alpha-tocopherol (mumol/mmol lipid) and greater oxidized low-density lipoprotein (LDL), interleukin (IL)-6, IL-10, and C-reactive protein. Regardless of health status, d6-alpha-tocopherol bioavailability was unaffected by increasing amounts of dairy fat provided by milk beverages, but MetS participants had lower estimated d6-alpha-tocopherol absorption (+/-SEM) than did healthy participants (26.1% +/- 1.0% compared with 29.5% +/- 1.1%). They also had lower plasma d6-alpha-tocopherol AUC from 0 to 72 h, as well as maximal concentrations (Cmax: 2.04 +/- 0.14 compared with 2.73 +/- 0.18 mumol/L) and slower rates of plasma disappearance but similar times to Cmax. MetS participants had lower d6-alpha-tocopherol AUC from t = 0-12 h (AUC0- t final) in lipoprotein fractions [chylomicron, very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL), LDL, high-density lipoprotein]. Percentages of d6-alpha-tocopherol AUC0- t final in both the chylomicron (r = -0.46 to -0.52) and VLDL (r = -0.49 to -0.68) fractions were inversely correlated with oxidized LDL, IL-10, IL-6, and C-reactive protein., CONCLUSIONS: At dietary intakes equivalent to the Recommended Dietary Allowance, alpha-tocopherol bioavailability is unaffected by dairy fat quantity but is lower in MetS adults, potentially because of greater inflammation and oxidative stress that limits small intestinal alpha-tocopherol absorption and/or impairs hepatic alpha-tocopherol trafficking. These findings support higher dietary alpha-tocopherol requirements for MetS adults. This trial was registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01787591. Copyright © 2015 American Society for Nutrition.
A Single Meal Containing Raw, Crushed Garlic Influences Expression of Immunity- and Cancer-Related Genes in Whole Blood of Humans.; BACKGROUND: Preclinical and epidemiologic studies suggest that garlic intake is inversely associated with the progression of cancer and cardiovascular disease., OBJECTIVE: We designed a study to probe the mechanisms of garlic action in humans., METHODS: We conducted a randomized crossover feeding trial in which 17 volunteers consumed a garlic-containing meal (100 g white bread, 15 g butter, and 5 g raw, crushed garlic) or a garlic-free control meal (100 g white bread and 15 g butter) after 10 d of consuming a controlled, garlic-free diet. Blood was collected before and 3 h after test meal consumption for gene expression analysis in whole blood. Illumina BeadArray was used to screen for genes of interest, followed by real-time quantitative reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) on selected genes. To augment human study findings, Mono Mac 6 cells were treated with a purified garlic extract (0.5 muL/mL), and mRNA was measured by qRT-PCR at 0, 3, 6, and 24 h., RESULTS: The following 7 genes were found to be upregulated by garlic intake: aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AHR), aryl hydrocarbon receptor nuclear translocator (ARNT), hypoxia-inducible factor 1alpha (HIF1A), proto-oncogene c-Jun (JUN), nuclear factor of activated T cells (NFAT) activating protein with immunoreceptor tyrosine-based activation motif 1 (NFAM1), oncostatin M (OSM), and V-rel avian reticuloendotheliosis viral oncogene homolog (REL). Fold-increases in mRNA transcripts ranged from 1.6 (HIF1A) to 3.0 (NFAM1) (P < 0.05). The mRNA levels of 5 of the 7 genes that were upregulated in the human trial were also upregulated in cell culture at 3 and 6 h: AHR, HIF1A, JUN, OSM, and REL. Fold-increases in mRNA transcripts in cell culture ranged from 1.7 (HIF1A) to 12.1 (JUN) (P < 0.01). OSM protein was measured by ELISA and was significantly higher than the control at 3, 6, and 24 h (24 h: 19.5 +/- 1.4 and 74.8 +/- 1.4 pg/mL for control and garlic, respectively). OSM is a pleiotropic cytokine that inhibits several tumor cell lines in culture., CONCLUSION: These data indicate that the bioactivity of garlic is multifaceted and includes activation of genes related to immunity, apoptosis, and xenobiotic metabolism in humans and Mono Mac 6 cells. This trial is registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01293591. Copyright © 2015 American Society for Nutrition.
Acute effects of protein composition and fibre enrichment of yogurt consumed as snacks on appetite sensations and subsequent ad libitum energy intake in healthy men.; The objective of the study was to assess the impact of protein composition and/or fibre enrichment of yogurt on appetite sensations and subsequent energy intake. In this double-blind crossover study, 20 healthy men (aged 32.4 +/- 9.1 years) were submitted to 5 randomized testing sessions, during which they had to consume 5 isocaloric and isonproteinemic yogurt snacks (120-g servings, ~230 kJ, ~4.5 g protein) differing by their casein-to-whey protein ratio (C:W) or dietary fibre content: (i) control C:W = 2.8:1; (ii) high whey (HW) C:W = 1.5:1, and fibre-enriched formulations using control; (iii) 2.4 g of inulin; (iv) 1.9 g of inulin and 0.5 g of beta-glucan (+IN-betaG); and (v) 0.5 g of beta-glucan. Appetite sensations were assessed using 150-mm visual analog scales. Plasma variables (glucose, insulin, ghrelin) were measured at 30-min intervals post-yogurt consumption for 2 h. Finally, energy intakes during ad libitum lunches offered 2 h after yogurt snacks were recorded. None of the yogurts impacted appetite sensations. Ad libitum energy intake was significantly different only between HW and control yogurts (-812 kJ; p = 0.03). Regarding post-yogurt plasma variables, a significant difference was found only between ghrelin area under the curve of the +IN-betaG and the HW yogurts (-15 510 pmol/L per 120 min, p = 0.04). In conclusion, although appetite sensations were not influenced by variations in yogurts' protein compositions, a reduced energy intake was observed during the ad libitum lunch after the HW yogurt that may be attributable to its lower C:W. Surprisingly, the fibre enrichments studied did not exert effect on appetite sensations and energy intake.
Effect of improving dietary quality on carotid intima media thickness in subjects with type 1 and type 2 diabetes: a 12-mo randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: People with diabetes are at a heightened risk of cardiovascular disease compared with the general population. To our knowledge, randomized controlled trials investigating the effect of improving dietary quality on carotid intima media thickness, a marker of subclinical atherosclerosis and predictor of cardiovascular disease, have not been conducted in populations with diabetes., OBJECTIVE: We aimed to determine whether increasing fruit (+1 serving; 150 g/d), vegetable (+2 servings; 150 g/d), and dairy (+1 serving; 200-250 g/d) intakes slows 12-mo common carotid artery intima media thickness (CCA IMT) progression, compared with a control group continuing to consume their usual diet, in people with type 1 and type 2 diabetes., DESIGN: A 12-mo randomized controlled trial was conducted. The primary outcome was mean CCA IMT, measured at baseline and 12 mo, with B-mode ultrasound. Participants in the intervention group received counseling from a dietitian at baseline and 1, 3, 6, and 9 mo, and compliance was measured with a food-frequency questionnaire at baseline, 3 mo, and 12 mo. The control group continued consuming their usual diet., RESULTS: In total, 118 participants completed the study. Vegetable (46 g/d; 95% CI: 14, 77 g/d; P < 0.001) and fruit (179 g/d; 95% CI: 119, 239 g/d; P < 0.001) intakes were increased at 3 mo in the intervention group compared with the control group. This increase was not maintained at 12 mo, but intake increased overall in the cohort (fruit, 48 g/d; vegetables, 14 g/d). An increase in dairy consumption was not achieved, but yogurt intake was higher in the intervention group at 3 mo (38 g; 95% CI: 12, 65 g; P < 0.001); this was not maintained at 12 mo. At 12 mo, CCA IMT regressed (mean +/- SD: -0.01 +/- 0.04 mm; P < 0.001), with a greater effect in the treatment group (mean +/- SD: -0.02 +/- 0.04 mm compared with -0.004 +/- 0.04 mm; P = 0.009)., CONCLUSION: Improving dietary quality in people with well-controlled type 1 and type 2 diabetes may slow CCA IMT progression. This trial was registered at https://www.anzctr.org.au as ACTRN12613000251729. Copyright © 2015 American Society for Nutrition.
Vitamin D receptor Cdx-2-dependent response of central obesity to vitamin D intake in the subjects with type 2 diabetes: a randomised clinical trial.; This study aimed to investigate the effects of daily intake of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink (doogh) on central obesity indicators in subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D) and the possible modulation of this effect by vitamin D receptor (VDR) Cdx-2 genotypes. A total of sixty T2D subjects were randomly allocated to two groups to receive either plain doogh (PD; n 29, containing 170 mg Ca and no vitamin D/250 ml) or vitamin D3-fortified doogh (FD; n 31, containing 170 mg Ca and 12.5 mug/250 ml) twice a day for 12 weeks. 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D), glycaemic as well as adiposity indicators were evaluated before and after the intervention. VDR-Cdx-2 genotypes in extended number of T2D subjects in the FD group (n 60) were determined as AA, GA and GG. After 12 weeks, in FD compared with PD, serum 25(OH)D increased (+35.4 v. -4.8 nmol/l; P<0.001) and mean changes of waist circumference (WC; -1.3 v. +1.6 cm; P=0.02), body fat mass (FM; -1.9 v. +0.60 %; P=0.008), truncal fat (TF; -1.1 v. 0.13 %; P=0.003) and visceral adipose tissue (-0.80 v. +0.37 AU; P<0.001) decreased significantly. Circulating 25(OH)D was raised only in the AA group (34.8 nmo/l in AA group v. -6.4 nmol/l in AG and -1.6 nmol/l in GG groups; P<0.001), which was accompanied by a significant decrease in changes of WC (P=0.004), FM% (P=0.01) and TF% (P<0.001) in the AA genotype. Daily intake of vitamin D-FD for 12 weeks improved the central obesity indices in T2D subjects, and the improvement was more pronounced in the carriers of the AA genotype of VDR-Cdx-2.
Effects of probiotics consumption on lowering lipids and CVD risk factors: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.; This meta-analysis examined the effect of probiotics on the reduction of lipid components and coexisting risk factors associated with cardiovascular disease. All randomized controlled trials published in English on PubMed and Scopus from 2000 to 2014 were systematically searched. Using the PEDro scale to assess the quality of studies, a total of 15 studies with 788 subjects were selected for inclusion in the analysis. The mean difference and effect size with a 95% confidence interval (CI) were extracted from individual studies. Statistically significant pooled effects of probiotics were found on reduction of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL), body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, and inflammatory markers. Subgroup analysis revealed statistically significant effects of probiotics on total cholesterol and LDL when the medium was fermented milk or yogurt (P < 0.001) compared to capsule form, consumption was at least 8 weeks in duration (P < 0.001), and the probiotics consisted of multiple strains (P < 0.001) rather than a single strain. A significant reduction was found in LDL in trials which contained Lactobacillus Acidophilus strain (P < 0.001) compared to other types of strains. Our findings suggest that probiotic supplementation use is effective in lowering the lipid level and coexisting factors associated with cardiovascular disease.
Replacing sugary drinks with milk is inversely associated with weight gain among young obesity-predisposed children.; The aim of the present study was to examine the associations of sugary drink consumption and its substitution with alternative beverages with body weight gain among young children predisposed to future weight gain. Secondary analysis of the Healthy Start Study, a 1.5-year randomised controlled trial designed to prevent overweight among Danish children aged 2-6 years (n 366), was carried out. Multivariate linear regression models were used to investigate the associations of beverage consumption with change in body weight (DELTAweight) or BMI(DELTABMI) z-score. Substitution models were used to extrapolate the influence of replacing sugary drinks with alternative beverages (water, milk and diet drinks) on DELTAweight or DELTABMI z-score. Sugary drink intake at baseline and substitution of sugary drinks with milk were associated with both DELTAweight and DELTABMI z-score. Every 100 g/d increase in sugary drink intake was associated with 0.10 kg and 0.06 unit increases in body weight (P=0.048) and BMI z-score (P=0.04), respectively. Substitution of 100 g/d sugary drinks with 100 g/d milk was inversely associated with DELTAweight (beta=-0.16 kg; P=0.045) and DELTABMI z-score (beta=-0.07 units; P=0.04). The results of this study suggest that sugary drink consumption was associated with body weight gain among young children with high predisposition for future overweight. In line with the current recommendations, sugary drinks, whether high in added or natural sugar, should be discouraged to help prevent childhood obesity. Milk may be a good alternative to sugary drinks with regard to weight management among young obesity-predisposed children.
[LOW-FAT, FERMENTED MILK ENRICHED WITH PLANT STEROLS, A STRATEGY TO REDUCE HYPERTRIGLYCERIDEMA IN CHILDREN, A DOUBLE-BLIND, RANDOMIZED PLACEBO-COTROLLED TRIAL].; INTRODUCTION: in the last few years, as the rate of childhood obesity has been rising, there has been a parallel increase in the incidence of dislipemia in the pediatric population, in which blood triglycerids might play an important role. Plant sterols have been shown to be useful in the tratment of hypercholesterolemia, but not of hypertrygliceridemia. Our study focusses on determining the efficacy of phytosterol-supplemented milk for the treatment of hypertriglyceridemia in children. Study Population and Method: we designed a double- blind, randomized, controlled clinical trial on 67 pediatric patients. The treatment group received low-fat, phytosterol-supplemented milk and the control group received low-fat conventional milk., RESULTS: we observed differences in triglyceridemia between the phytosterol-supplemented group and the non-supplemented group. The effect attributable to the intake of milk supplemented with plant sterols was a reduction of triglyceridemia of 5.88 mg/dl compared with the control group., CONCLUSION: we conclude that phytosterol-supplemented milk (2.24 gr of plant sterols daily) might be an adequate tool in the management of hypertriglyceridemia in pediatric patients. Copyright AULA MEDICA EDICIONES 2014. Published by AULA MEDICA. All rights reserved.
Antihypertensive and cardioprotective effects of the dipeptide isoleucine-tryptophan and whey protein hydrolysate.; AIMS: Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors are treatment of choice in hypertensive patients. Clinically used inhibitors exhibit a structural similarity to naturally occurring peptides. This study evaluated antihypertensive and cardioprotective effects of ACE-inhibiting peptides derived from food proteins in spontaneously hypertensive rats., METHODS AND RESULTS: Isoleucine-tryptophan (in vitro IC50 for ACE = 0.7 mum), a whey protein hydrolysate containing an augmented fraction of isoleucine-tryptophan, or captopril was given to spontaneously hypertensive rats (n = 60) over 14 weeks. Two further groups, receiving either no supplement (Placebo) or intact whey protein, served as controls. Systolic blood pressure age-dependently increased in the Placebo group, whereas the blood pressure rise was effectively blunted by isoleucine-tryptophan, whey protein hydrolysate and captopril (-42 +/- 3, -38 +/- 5, -55 +/- 4 mm Hg vs. Placebo). At study end, myocardial mass was lower in isoleucine-tryptophan and captopril groups but only partially in the hydrolysate group. Coronary flow reserve (1 mum adenosine) was improved in isoleucine-tryptophan and captopril groups. Plasma ACE activity was significantly decreased in isoleucine-tryptophan, hydrolysate and captopril groups, but in aortic tissue only after isoleucine-tryptophan or captopril treatment. This was associated with lowered expression and activity of matrix metalloproteinase-2. Following isoleucine-tryptophan and captopril treatments, gene expression of renin was significantly increased indicating an active feedback within renin-angiotensin system., CONCLUSION: Whey protein hydrolysate and isoleucine-tryptophan powerfully inhibit plasma ACE resulting in antihypertensive effects. Moreover, isoleucine-tryptophan blunts tissue ACE activity, reduces matrix metalloproteinase-2 activity and improves coronary flow reserve. Thus, whey protein hydrolysate and particularly isoleucine-tryptophan may serve as innovative food additives with the goal of attenuating hypertension. Copyright © 2015 Scandinavian Physiological Society. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Impact of beverage intake on metabolic and cardiovascular health.; This review is based on a presentation that was made at a meeting concerning hydration. It summarizes the epidemiological evidence for selected beverages in relation to cardiovascular and/or metabolic health. The review focuses on tea, cocoa, milk, orange juice, alcohol, and beverages sweetened with sugars. These beverage types were chosen because of their widespread consumption, with tea, cocoa, orange juice, and milk being of potential benefit while alcohol and sugars may be detrimental. There is reasonably consistent evidence of reduced risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in association with high consumption of tea, with the tea flavonoids appearing to be responsible for these benefits. There is also a growing evidence base for cocoa flavanols to have beneficial cardiovascular effects. The bulk of the evidence supporting these conclusions is epidemiological and needs to be confirmed with randomized controlled trials. Milk is associated with reduced risk of CVD, particularly in relation to blood pressure, with certain milk tripeptides being implicated in having effects to reduce angiotensin action. Further work is needed to confirm these potentially beneficial effects. There is some evidence of potentially beneficial effects of orange juice on aspects of cardiovascular function, but this is by no means convincing, and further evidence is needed from randomized controlled trials, together with the elucidation of whether any benefits are linked to the citrus flavanones or simply to the vitamin C content. While there is some evidence that red wine may convey some health benefits, there is also clear evidence that alcoholic beverages can have undesirable effects on blood pressure and increase the risk of CVD. It is possible that low to moderate intakes of alcoholic beverages may be beneficial. There is some evidence that beverages sweetened with sugars may contribute to increased energy intake and weight gain, and there is also an indication from longitudinal cohort studies that they are associated with an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes. The mechanism of this latter association has not been explained. In conclusion, there is a substantial amount of epidemiological evidence for benefits of tea and cocoa in relation to cardiovascular health. There is a growing literature describing randomized controlled trials, but more evidence is needed. Potential cardiovascular and metabolic health benefits of milk and orange juice needs further investigation. The associations of higher alcohol intakes and consumption of beverages sweetened with sugars and their increased health risks are of concern, and more attention should be focused on this area. Copyright © The Author(s) 2015. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the International Life Sciences Institute. All rights reserved. For Permissions, please e-mail: journals.permissions@oup.com.
Consumption of Yogurt, Low-Fat Milk, and Other Low-Fat Dairy Products Is Associated with Lower Risk of Metabolic Syndrome Incidence in an Elderly Mediterranean Population.; BACKGROUND: The association between consumption of dairy products and the risk of developing metabolic syndrome (MetS) is unclear., OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the associations between consumption of dairy products (total and different subtypes) and incident MetS in a Mediterranean population at high cardiovascular disease risk., METHODS: We prospectively analyzed 1868 men and women (55-80 y old) without MetS at baseline, recruited from different PREDIMED (Prevencion con Dieta Mediterranea) centers between October 2003 and June 2009 and followed up until December 2010. MetS was defined according to updated, harmonized criteria. At baseline and yearly thereafter, we determined anthropometric variables, dietary habits by a 137-item validated food-frequency questionnaire, and blood biochemistry. Multivariable-adjusted HRs of MetS or its components were estimated for each of the 2 upper tertiles (vs. the lowest one) of mean consumption of dairy products during the follow-up., RESULTS: During a median follow-up of 3.2 y, we documented 930 incident MetS cases. In the multivariable-adjusted model, HRs (95% CIs) of MetS for the comparison of extreme tertiles of dairy product consumption were 0.72 (0.61, 0.86) for low-fat dairy, 0.73 (0.62, 0.86) for low-fat yogurt, 0.78 (0.66, 0.92) for whole-fat yogurt, and 0.80 (0.67, 0.95) for low-fat milk. The respective HR for cheese was 1.31 (1.10, 1.56)., CONCLUSIONS: Higher consumption of low-fat dairy products, yogurt (total, low-fat, and whole-fat yogurt) and low-fat milk was associated with a reduced risk of MetS in individuals at high cardiovascular disease risk from a Mediterranean population. Conversely, higher consumption of cheese was related to a higher risk of MetS. This trial was registered at controlled-trials.com as ISRCTN35739639. Copyright © 2015 American Society for Nutrition.
THE EFFECT OF PROBIOTIC FERMENTED MILK THAT INCLUDES BIFIDOBACTERIUM LACTIS CNCM I-2494 ON THE REDUCTION OF GASTROINTESTINAL DISCOMFORT AND SYMPTOMS IN ADULTS: A NARRATIVE REVIEW.; AIM: determine the effectiveness of fermented milk that included Bifidobacterium lactis CNCM I-2429 for reducing gastrointestinal (GI) discomfort in healthy adults., METHODS: we conducted a systematic literature search to identify studies reporting the use of B. animalis spp. lactis for GI discomfort/comfort in healthy adults. A total of 5329 records were identified, of these 99 full-text articles were assessed. Searches for additional trials were conducted using the names of authors of each identified study and several relevant databases. The study selection was carried out according to the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) guidelines. Studies were included if they were randomized controlled trials; the included subjects were healthy adults; and the intervention group received B. lactis CNCM I-2494. Studies were excluded if they were non-randomized trials, if they included adults who were not healthy, if they included the use of any other intervention, or if they compared different products without a placebo group. The methodological quality of the studies was evaluated using the Oxford Quality Scale and the Cochrane Concealment Assessment. A meta-analysis was not possible., RESULTS: the search strategy identified two studies that included a total of 538 healthy women, aged 18-60 years, normal weight or overweight (BMI 18-30 kg/m2). GI well-being was significantly improved in the Probiotic group vs. the Control group in one study, with no differences in the other. The percentage of responders for GI well-being was higher in the Probiotic group vs. the Control group in the first study but not in the second. GI symptoms were significantly decreased in the Probiotic group vs. the Control group in both studies. Bowel function was assessed by one study; the stool frequency did not differ between the groups, but a decrease in stool consistency was observed in the Probiotic group but not in the Control group. Possible mechanisms of action (gut motility, hypersensitivity, gut permeability, and gut microbiota) were also described., CONCLUSION: probiotic fermented milk containing B. lactis CNCM I-2494 by healthy women may improve GI well- being and decrease the frequency of GI symptoms. Copyright AULA MEDICA EDICIONES 2014. Published by AULA MEDICA. All rights reserved.
Effects of Short-Term Exercise Training With and Without Milk Intake on Cardiometabolic and Inflammatory Adaptations in Obese Adolescents.; There is some evidence that a combination of factors can reduce inflammation and associated metabolic risk factors. We studied the early cardiometabolic and inflammatory adaptations to a short-term exercise intervention with and without milk in obese adolescents. Fifty-four adolescents were randomized to consume milk post exercise (MILK) or a carbohydrate beverage (CONT) during one-week of daily exercise. Insulin levels were not different between the groups post training. Glucose was reduced over time in both groups (-9 +/- 13 mg/ dl MILK and -6 +/- 14 mg/dl CONT, p < .05) but not different between groups. There was a greater decrease in mean arterial pressure (MAP) in the MILK group (-3 +/- 6 mmHg MILK vs. 2 +/- 7 mmHg CONT, p < .04). Milk provided postexercise did not affect C-reactive protein (CRP), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) or interleukin-6 (IL-6). The exercise intervention led to an increase in TNF-alpha in both groups (0.27 +/- 0.7 pg/ml MILK and 0.48 +/- 0.6 pg/ml CONT, p < .001). The early adaptations to a short-term exercise intervention in obese adolescents include a reduction in MAP and an increase in some inflammatory markers.
Higher Total Protein Intake and Change in Total Protein Intake Affect Body Composition but Not Metabolic Syndrome Indexes in Middle-Aged Overweight and Obese Adults Who Perform Resistance and Aerobic Exercise for 36 Weeks.; BACKGROUND: Studies assessing the effects of protein supplementation on changes in body composition (BC) and health rarely consider the impact of total protein intake (TPro) or the change in TPro (CTPro) from participants' usual diets., OBJECTIVE: This secondary data analysis assessed the impact of TPro and CTPro on changes in BC and metabolic syndrome (MetS) indexes in overweight and obese middle-aged adults who participated in an exercise training program., METHODS: Men and women [n = 117; age: 50 +/- 0.7 y, body mass index (BMI; in kg/m(2)): 30.1 +/- 0.3; means +/- SEs] performed resistance exercise 2 d/wk and aerobic exercise 1 d/wk and consumed an unrestricted diet along with 200-kcal supplements (0, 10, 20, or 30 g whey protein) twice daily for 36 wk. Protein intake was assessed via 4-d food records. Multiple linear regression model and stratified analysis were applied for data analyses., RESULTS: Among all subjects, TPro and CTPro were inversely associated (P < 0.05) with changes in body mass, fat mass (FM), and BMI. Changes in BC were different (P < 0.05) among groups that consumed <1.0 (n = 43) vs. >=1.0 to <1.2 (n = 29) vs. >=1.2 g . kg(-1) . d(-1) (n = 45). The TPro group with >=1.0 to <1.2 g .: kg(-1) .: d(-1) reduced FM and %FM and increased percentage of LM (%LM) compared with the lowest TPro group, whereas the TPro group with >=1.2 g .: kg(-1) .: d(-1) presented intermediate responses on changes in FM, %FM, and %LM. The gain in LM was not different among groups. In addition, MetS indexes were not influenced by TPro and CTPro., CONCLUSIONS: In conjunction with exercise training, higher TPro promoted positive changes in BC but not in MetS indexes in overweight and obese middle-aged adults. Changes in TPro from before to during the intervention also influenced BC responses and should be considered in future research when different TPro is achieved via diet or supplements. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00812409. Copyright © 2015 American Society for Nutrition.
Bioactivity characterization of Lactobacillus strains isolated from dairy products.; This study aimed to find candidate strains of Lactobacillus isolated from sheep dairy products (yogurt and ewe colostrum) with probiotic and anticancer activity. A total of 100 samples were randomly collected from yogurt and colostrum and 125 lactic acid bacteria were isolated. Of these, 17 Lactobacillus strains belonging to five species (L. delbrueckii, L. plantarum, L. rhamnosus, L. paracasei, and L. casei) were identified. L. plantarum 17C and 13C, which isolated from colostrums, demonstrated remarkable results such as resistant to low pH and high concentrations of bile salts, susceptible to some antibiotics and good antimicrobial activity that candidate them as potential probiotics. Seven strains (1C, 5C, 12C, 13C, 17C, 7M, and 40M), the most resistant to simulated digestion, were further investigated to evaluate their capability to adhere to human intestinal Caco-2 cells. L. plantarum 17C was the most adherent strain. The bioactivity assessment of L. plantarum 17C showed anticancer effects via the induction of apoptosis on HT-29 human cancer cells and negligible side effects on one human epithelial normal cell line (FHs 74). The metabolites produced by this strain can be used as alternative pharmaceutical compounds with promising therapeutic indices because they are not cytotoxic to normal mammalian cells. Copyright © 2015 The Authors. MicrobiologyOpen published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Validation of Self-Reported Power Take-Off Shielding Using On-Site Farm Audits.; Despite the substantial contribution of power take-off (PTO) entanglements to workplace morbidity and mortality among agricultural workers, the degree of proper PTO shielding on U.S. farms remains poorly characterized. Sampling from the New York data of the USDA National Agricultural Statistical Service (NASS), at least 200 each of dairy, livestock, crop, fruit, and vegetable farms were surveyed by phone to determine the extent of proper PTO shielding. In the same year, on-site audits were performed at 211 randomly selected New York livestock and dairy farms using a four-point scale to assess PTO shielding. Supplemental data were gathered on farm acreage, number of livestock, principal commodity, and operator experience. The phone survey data for livestock and dairy farms were then compared to the on-farm audit data. In the phone survey, 72.5% of farms reported having shields on all implements. The mean percentage of implements reported to be shielded was 90.2%. By on-farm audit, 10% of farms had all implements properly shielded, and the mean percentage of properly shielded implements was 56.7%, with shielding rates differing widely for different classes of implements. No significant predictors of PTO shielding were identified. The phone survey greatly overestimated proper PTO shielding rates when compared with the on-farm audits. These data suggest a lower level of proper shielding among farmers than is mandated by current industry safety standards. The results also identify a principal weakness of phone surveys in accurately assessing the true magnitude of on-farm risk for PTO entanglement.
Substitution of whole cows' milk with defatted milk for 4 months reduced serum total cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol and total apoB in a sample of Mexican school-age children (6-16 years of age).; We carried out this study to compare the effect of consuming whole, partially defatted and defatted cows' milk for 4 months on serum concentrations of blood indicators of cardiovascular risk (CVR) in Mexican children and adolescents. Children aged between 6 and 16 years living in indigenous boarding schools in Mexico and who were usual consumers of whole milk were recruited to this study. Totally, thirteen boarding schools were randomly selected to receive full supplies of whole, partially defatted and defatted cows' milk for 4 months. Serum total cholesterol (TC), TAG, HDL-cholesterol, apoA and total apoB, and Lp(a) concentrations were measured before and after the intervention. Comparisons were made with multi-level mixed-effects linear regression models using the difference in differences approach. Compared with the whole milk group, TC, LDL-cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol and total apoB were lower in defatted milk consumers by -0.43, -0.28, -0.16 mmol/l and -0.05 g/l, respectively (all P<0.001). Compared with the whole milk group, the group that consumed partially defatted milk showed a significant decrease in the concentrations of LDL-cholesterol (-0.12, P=0.01), apoA (-0.05 g/l, P=0.01) and total apoB (-0.05 g/l, P=0.001). Defatted milk intake for 4 months reduced some of the serum indicators of CVR.
Postprandial Plasma Phospholipids in Men Are Influenced by the Source of Dietary Fat.; BACKGROUND: Postprandial lipemia represents a risk factor for chronic diseases, including type 2 diabetes. Little is known about the effect of dietary fat on the plasma lipidome in the postprandial period., OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to assess the effect of dairy fat and soy oil on circulating postprandial lipids in men., METHODS: Men (40-60 y old, nonsmokers; n = 16) were randomly assigned in a crossover design to consume 2 breakfast meals of dairy-based or soy oil-based foods. The changes in the plasma lipidome during the 4-h postprandial period were analyzed with electrospray ionization tandem mass spectrometry and included 316 lipid species in 23 classes and subclasses, representing sphingolipids, phospholipids, glycerolipids, and sterols., RESULTS: Nonparametric Friedman tests showed significant changes in multiple plasma lipid classes, subclasses, and species in the postprandial period after both dairy and soy meals. No difference was found in triglyceridemia after each meal. However, 6 endogenous lipid classes increased after dairy but decreased after soy (P < 0.05), including ether-linked phospholipids and plasmalogens and sphingomyelin (not present in soy), dihexosylceramide, and GM3 ganglioside. Phosphatidylcholine and phosphatidylinositol were not affected by the soy meal but were significantly elevated after the dairy meal (8.3% and 16%, respectively; P < 0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: The changes in postprandial plasma phospholipids in men relate to the diet composition and the relative size of the endogenous phospholipid pools. Despite similar lipemic responses as measured by changes in triglyceride concentrations, the differential responses to dairy and soy meals derived through lipidomic analysis of phospholipids suggest differences in the metabolism of soybean oil and dairy fat. The increased concentrations of plasmalogens, with potential antioxidant capacity, in the postprandial period after dairy but not soy meals may represent a further important difference in the response to these sources of fat. The trial was registered at www.anzctr.org.au as ACTRN12610000562077. Copyright © 2015 American Society for Nutrition.
Diets with high-fat cheese, high-fat meat, or carbohydrate on cardiovascular risk markers in overweight postmenopausal women: a randomized crossover trial.; BACKGROUND: Heart associations recommend limited intake of saturated fat. However, effects of saturated fat on low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol concentrations and cardiovascular disease risk might depend on nutrients and specific saturated fatty acids (SFAs) in food., OBJECTIVE: We explored the effects of cheese and meat as sources of SFAs or isocaloric replacement with carbohydrates on blood lipids, lipoproteins, and fecal excretion of fat and bile acids., DESIGN: The study was a randomized, crossover, open-label intervention in 14 overweight postmenopausal women. Three full-diet periods of 2-wk duration were provided separated by 2-wk washout periods. The isocaloric diets were as follows: 1) a high-cheese (96-120-g) intervention [i.e., intervention containing cheese (CHEESE)], 2) a macronutrient-matched nondairy, high-meat control [i.e., nondairy control with a high content of high-fat processed and unprocessed meat in amounts matching the saturated fat content from cheese in the intervention containing cheese (MEAT)], and 3) a nondairy, low-fat, high-carbohydrate control (i.e., nondairy low-fat control in which the energy from cheese fat and protein was isocalorically replaced by carbohydrates and lean meat (CARB)., RESULTS: The CHEESE diet caused a 5% higher high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol concentration (P = 0.012), an 8% higher apo A-I concentration (P < 0.001), and a 5% lower apoB:apo A-I ratio (P = 0.008) than did the CARB diet. Also, the MEAT diet caused an 8% higher HDL-cholesterol concentration (P < 0.001) and a 4% higher apo A-I concentration (P = 0.033) than did the CARB diet. Total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, apoB, and triacylglycerol were similar with the 3 diets. Fecal fat excretion was 1.8 and 0.9 g higher with the CHEESE diet than with CARB and MEAT diets (P < 0.001 and P = 0.004, respectively) and 0.9 g higher with the MEAT diet than with the CARB diet (P = 0.005). CHEESE and MEAT diets caused higher fecal bile acid excretion than did the CARB diet (P < 0.05 and P = 0.006, respectively). The dominant type of bile acids excreted differed between CHEESE and MEAT diets., CONCLUSIONS: Diets with cheese and meat as primary sources of SFAs cause higher HDL cholesterol and apo A-I and, therefore, appear to be less atherogenic than is a low-fat, high-carbohydrate diet. Also, our findings confirm that cheese increases fecal fat excretion. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01739153. Copyright © 2015 American Society for Nutrition.
A pilot study to determine the short-term effects of milk with differing glycaemic properties on sleep among toddlers: a randomised controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Sleep is important for children as it directly impacts their mental and physical development. Sleep is not only influenced by the timing but also the macronutrient (carbohydrate and protein) content of meals. Glycaemic index (GI) and glycaemic load (GL) describe the quality of carbohydrates in a food and the burden of these foods on the body's blood glucose response. Diets with a high GI/GL may increase the risk of developing obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus in adulthood. The present study is piloted to evaluate the short-term impact of milk products with differing glycaemic properties on the sleep patterns of toddlers., METHODS: Toddlers were recruited from various day care centres. Informed consent was obtained from both the mothers and the centres. A double-blind randomised controlled trial with a between-subjects design was adopted. The toddlers were randomised to either one of two types of milk with a differing GI ("Low" = 23 and "High = 65") for a period of 3.5 days. There were no other dietary restrictions imposed except that the enrolled child did not consume any other milk during the study period. The sleep patterns were recorded using a Phillips Actiwatch-2, which was worn on the wrist for 24 h over 4 days. The parameters used to measure the sleep pattern were sleep-onset latency (SOL), total sleep time (TST), wake after sleep onset (WASO) and sleep efficiency (SE)., RESULTS: A total of 56 toddlers completed the study. The toddlers had a mean age of 19.9 +/- 4.3 months. There were no significant differences (p > 0.05) between the two GI groups for SOL, TST, WASO and SE at the end of the feeding period., CONCLUSIONS: Sleep patterns of toddlers on low-GI milk did not differ from those with high-GI milk consumed over a short period. Future studies should consider the glycaemic effects of other foods, along with milk with differing GI, consumed for a longer feeding duration., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrial.gov NCT01589003.
Effect of fermented milk product containing lactotripeptides and plant sterol esters on haemodynamics in subjects with the metabolic syndrome--a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.; We investigated the effects of fermented milk product containing isoleucine-proline-proline, valine-proline-proline and plant sterol esters (Pse) on plasma lipids, blood pressure (BP) and its determinants systemic vascular resistance and cardiac output. In a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled study, 104 subjects with the metabolic syndrome (MetS) were allocated to three groups in order to receive fermented milk product containing (1) 5 mg/d lactotripeptides (LTP) and 2 g/d plant sterols; (2) 25 mg/d LTP and 2 g/d plant sterols; (3) placebo for 12 weeks. Plasma lipids and home BP were monitored. Haemodynamics were examined in a laboratory using radial pulse wave analysis and whole-body impedance cardiography in the supine position and during orthostatic challenge. There were no differences between the effects of the two treatments and placebo on the measurements of BP at home or on BP, systemic vascular resistance index and cardiac index in the laboratory, neither in the supine nor in the upright position. The changes in plasma LDL-cholesterol concentration were - 0.1 (95% CI - 0.3, 0.1 and - 0.3, 0.0) mmol/l in the 5 and 25 mg/d LTP groups, respectively, and +0.1 (95% CI - 0.1, 0.3) mmol/l during placebo (P= 0.024). Both at baseline and at week 12, the increase in systemic vascular resistance during head-up tilt was lower in the 25 mg/d LTP group than in the 5 mg/d LTP group (P< 0.01), showing persistent differences in cardiovascular regulation between these groups. In subjects with the MetS, intake of LTP and Pse in fermented milk product showed a lipid-lowering effect of borderline significance, while no antihypertensive effect was observed at home or in the laboratory.
Effect of Pretreatment with Lactobacillus delbrueckii and Streptococcus thermophillus on Tailored Triple Therapy for Helicobacter pylori Eradication: A Prospective Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial.; BACKGROUND: Helicobacter pylori plays an important role in gastric cancer and typical eradication regimens are no longer effective in many countries, including Thailand. The aim of our study was to compare the effect of Lactobacillus delbrueckii and Streptococcus thermophillus on tailored triple therapy for Helicobacter pylori eradication., MATERIALS AND METHODS: This prospective single-center study was conducted in Thailand. Helicobacter pylori associated gastritis patients were randomized to 2 groups: group 1 (n=100) was tailored triple therapy with placebo (esomeprazole 20 mg bid, clarithromycin 500 mg bid or metronidazole 400 mg tid if clarithromycin resistance and amoxicillin 1000 mg bid), and group 2 was tailored triple therapy plus pretreatment with probiotic containing yogurt. Successful eradication was defined as both negative histology and negative rapid urease test at four weeks after treatment., RESULTS: A total of 200 infected patients were enrolled. PP analysis involved 194 patients: 96 in the tailored triple therapy with placebo group (group 1) and 98 the in tailored triple therapy plus pretreatment with probiotic containing yogurt group (group 2). Successful eradication was observed in 170 (87.6%) patients; by PP analysis, the eradication rate was significantly higher in group 2 (P=0.04, 95%CI; 0.02-0.13) than in group 1. ITT analysis also showed that the value was significantly higher in the tailored triple threapy plus pretreatment with probiotic containing yogurt group (group 2) (89/100; 89%) than in the tailored triple therapy with placebo group (group 1) (P=0.01, 95%CI; 0.04-0.15). In terms of adverse events, there was no significant difference between the two groups., CONCLUSIONS: Pretreatment with probiotic containing yogurt can improve Helicobacter pylori eradication rates with tailored triple therapy. Adding probiotics does not reduce adverse effects of the medication.
Adequacy of Infant Formula With Protein Content of 1.6 g/100 kcal for Infants Between 3 and 12 Months.; OBJECTIVES: Infant formulas provide more protein than breast milk. High protein intakes may place infants at risk of later obesity. The present study tested whether a formula with protein content below the regulatory level supports normal growth from age 3 months., METHODS: Randomized double-blind trial enrolled healthy infants less than age 3 months. At 3 months, formula-fed infants were assigned to experimental (EXPL, 1.61 g protein/100 kcal; modified bovine whey proteins with caseinoglycomacropeptide removed) or control (CTRL 2.15 g protein/100 kcal; unmodified bovine milk protein with a whey/casein ratio of 60/40) formula; breast-fed (BF) infants were enrolled in a reference group. Complementary foods were allowed in small amounts from 4 to 6 months and unrestricted after 6 months., RESULTS: Weight gain (g/day) from 3 to 6 months was similar in the EXPL and CTRL groups (EXPL-CTRL -0.84 g/day; 95% confidence interval -2.25 to 0.57) and faster in the EXPL and CTRL groups than in the BF group. Weight analyzed longitudinally from 4 to 12 months was lower in the EXPL group than in the CTRL group (P = 0.031) but higher than in the BF group (P < 0.0001). Longitudinal analysis of odds ratios from 4 to 12 months indicated fewer infants with weight >85th percentile in the EXPL group than in the CTRL group (P = 0.015). Length z scores were lower than, and body mass index z scores were similar to, World Health Organization Standards in all of the groups. Serum biochemical parameters in the EXPL group reflected lower protein intake and were closer to parameters in the BF infants than in the CTRL group., CONCLUSIONS: A formula with 1.61 g of protein/100 kcal supports normal growth of infants after age 3 months. This protein content is adequate if provided from a high-quality source.
Postprandial Responses to Lipid and Carbohydrate Ingestion in Repeated Subcutaneous Adipose Tissue Biopsies in Healthy Adults.; Adipose tissue is a primary site of meta-inflammation. Diet composition influences adipose tissue metabolism and a single meal can drive an inflammatory response in postprandial period. This study aimed to examine the effect lipid and carbohydrate ingestion compared with a non-caloric placebo on adipose tissue response. Thirty-three healthy adults (age 24.5 +/- 3.3 year (mean +/- standard deviation (SD)); body mass index (BMI) 24.1 +/- 3.2 kg/m2, were randomised into one of three parallel beverage groups; placebo (water), carbohydrate (maltodextrin) or lipid (dairy-cream). Subcutaneous, abdominal adipose tissue biopsies and serum samples were collected prior to (0 h), as well as 2 h and 4 h after consumption of the beverage. Adipose tissue gene expression levels of monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), interleukin 6 (IL-6) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) increased in all three groups, without an increase in circulating TNF-alpha. Serum leptin (0.6-fold, p = 0.03) and adipose tissue leptin gene expression levels (0.6-fold, p = 0.001) decreased in the hours following the placebo beverage, but not the nutrient beverages. Despite increased inflammatory cytokine gene expression in adipose tissue with all beverages, suggesting a confounding effect of the repeated biopsy method, differences in metabolic responses of adipose tissue and circulating adipokines to ingestion of lipid and carbohydrate beverages were observed.
Butter increased total and LDL cholesterol compared with olive oil but resulted in higher HDL cholesterol compared with a habitual diet.; BACKGROUND: Butter is known to have a cholesterol-raising effect and, therefore, has often been included as a negative control in dietary studies, whereas the effect of moderate butter intake has not been elucidated to our knowledge., OBJECTIVE: We compared the effects of moderate butter intake, moderate olive oil intake, and a habitual diet on blood lipids, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), glucose, and insulin., DESIGN: The study was a controlled, double-blinded, randomized 2 x 5-wk crossover dietary intervention study with a 14-d run-in period during which subjects consumed their habitual diets. The study included 47 healthy men and women (mean +/- SD total cholesterol: 5.22 +/- 0.90 mmol/L) who substituted a part of their habitual diets with 4.5% of energy from butter or refined olive oil., RESULTS: Study subjects were 70% women with a mean age and body mass index (in kg/m2) of 40.4 y and 23.5, respectively. Butter intake increased total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol more than did olive oil intake (P < 0.05) and the run-in period (P < 0.005 and P < 0.05, respectively) and increased HDL cholesterol compared with the run-in period (P < 0.05). No difference in effects was observed for triacylglycerol, hsCRP, insulin, and glucose concentrations. The intake of saturated fatty acids was significantly higher in the butter period than in the olive oil and run-in periods (P < 0.0001)., CONCLUSIONS: Moderate intake of butter resulted in increases in total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol compared with the effects of olive oil intake and a habitual diet (run-in period). Furthermore, moderate butter intake was also followed by an increase in HDL cholesterol compared with the habitual diet. We conclude that hypercholesterolemic people should keep their consumption of butter to a minimum, whereas moderate butter intake may be considered part of the diet in the normocholesterolemic population. Copyright © 2015 American Society for Nutrition.
No evidence of enhanced satiety following whey protein- or sucrose-enriched water beverages: a dose response trial in overweight women.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: To compare the effect of low-dose whey protein-enriched and sucrose-enriched water beverages on postprandial satiety and energy intake., SUBJECTS/METHODS: Sixty overweight and obese women were given water-based protein and carbohydrate (CHO) beverages or placebo on six different occasions in a double-blind, randomised cross-over study. The beverages were 2 (178 kJ) and 4% (348 kJ) protein-enriched water (Clear Protein8855), 2 (157 kJ), 4 (314 kJ) and 10% (785 kJ) sucrose-enriched water, and a sweetened water control. Beverages were matched for volume, colour, flavour and sweetness. A standardised evening meal was provided before each study day and a standardised breakfast upon arrival at the clinic at 0900 hours. The beverage preload was given midmorning at 1100 hours, and an ad libitum outcome lunch meal at 1300 hours. Subjective appetitive responses were recorded through the day until 1500 hours using visual analogue scales., RESULTS: Fifty-five participants completed all six beverage conditions. Neither protein nor sucrose preloads decreased any of hunger, fullness, thoughts of food or satisfaction when compared with the sweetened water control beverage (all, P>0.05). There was also no significant effect on ad libitum energy or macronutrient intake at the outcome meal (P>0.05), with no compensation for the energy consumed within the preload beverages., CONCLUSIONS: There was no evidence of increased postprandial satiety or compensation for energy content at an outcome lunch meal when a water beverage was supplemented with up to 4% (w/w) whey protein or 10% (w/w) sucrose, in a group of overweight but unrestrained young and middle-aged women.
Mapisal Versus Urea Cream as Prophylaxis for Capecitabine-Associated Hand-Foot Syndrome: A Randomized Phase III Trial of the AIO Quality of Life Working Group.; PURPOSE: Hand-foot syndrome (HFS) is a frequently occurring adverse event associated with anticancer drugs. This study compares a newly introduced ointment containing several antioxidants and exhibiting high radical protection factor, which has been available on the German market since 2011, with urea cream for prevention of HFS in patients treated with capecitabine., PATIENTS AND METHODS: Patients with GI tumors or breast cancer treated with capecitabine were included in this randomized phase III study. The primary end point was prevention of HFS of any grade within 6 weeks of treatment as indicated by a standardized patient diary. The study had 80% power to show a 20% reduction of the incidence of HFS with the new ointment. Secondary end points included time to development of HFS greater than grade 1, evaluation of capecitabine dose intensity, and quality of life analyses., RESULTS: A total of 152 patients were evaluable. In total, 47 of 152 patients experienced HFS (30.9%), 39.5% with the new ointment and 22.4% in the urea arm (stratified odds ratio, 2.37; P = .02). Time to HFS greater than grade 1 was comparable, but time to any-grade HFS was significantly longer in the urea group (P = .03). Capecitabine dose intensity, time under study, and percentage of days with correct administration of study medication were identical, as were adverse events except for HFS. Skin-related quality of life was significantly worse in the group treated with the new ointment at the end of study treatment., CONCLUSION: This trial demonstrated that 10% urea cream was superior to the new ointment at preventing HFS over the first 6 weeks of treatment with capecitabine. Copyright © 2015 by American Society of Clinical Oncology.
High anabolic potential of essential amino acid mixtures in advanced nonsmall cell lung cancer.; BACKGROUND: Conventional nutritional supplements are not or only partly successful in inducing protein accretion in advanced cancer, suggesting an attenuated anabolic response. To prevent muscle wasting and its deleterious consequences, generating an anabolic response is crucial. Dietary essential amino acids (EAA) have anabolic properties in other wasting diseases; however, data in advanced cancer are lacking., PATIENTS AND METHODS: In 13 patients with advanced nonsmall-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) (stage III and IV) and 11 healthy age-matched subjects, we measured protein synthesis and breakdown of the whole body, and net protein anabolism (difference between protein synthesis and breakdown) after intake of 14 g of free EAA with high leucine levels (EAA/leucine) versus a balanced amino acid mixture containing both EAA and non-EAA as present in whey protein, according to a randomized, double-blind, crossover design., RESULTS: Protein synthesis and net protein anabolism were higher after intake of the EAA/leucine than the balanced amino acid mixture (P < 0.001), independent of presence of cancer. A highly significant linear relationship between net protein anabolism and the amount of EAA available in the systemic circulation (R(2): 0.85, P < 0.001) was found in both groups. The presence of muscle or recent weight loss, systemic inflammatory response, or length of survival did not influence this relationship. High leucine levels in the EAA/leucine mixture was of no anabolic benefit., CONCLUSIONS: There is no anabolic resistance or attenuated anabolic potential to intake of 14 g of EAA/leucine or balanced amino acid mixture in advanced (mainly stage III) NSCLC. The high anabolic potential of dietary EAA in cancer patients is independent of their nutritional status, systemic inflammatory response or disease trajectory, suggesting a key role of EAA in new nutritional approaches to prevent muscle loss, thereby improving outcome of patients with advanced cancer., CLINICALTRAILSGOV: NCT01172314. Copyright © The Author 2015. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the European Society for Medical Oncology. All rights reserved. For permissions, please email: journals.permissions@oup.com.
Human Milk Fortification.; Human milk is the feed of choice for preterm infants. However, human milk does not provide enough nutrition, especially protein, for preterm infants to achieve target growth rates similar to those in utero (15-20 g/kg per day). Fortifiers for human milk, manufactured from bovine milk, are commercially available and routinely used for patients born <32 weeks' gestation prior to discharge home. Recent recommended dietary intakes (RDI) have been revised. Up to 4.2 g of protein and 135 kcal/kg per day is recommended for infants born very preterm. Additional supplements are needed to current commercial fortifiers to achieve these RDI and reduce the incidence of ex-uterine growth failure. A human milk fortifier that is manufactured from donor human milk is available in some developed countries and may confer some clinical benefits, including a reduction in necrotizing enterocolitis. Fortification can be added in a standardized protocol as per manufacturers' instructions. Human milk composition can be analyzed and fortification individualized to take into account the large variation from mother to mother. Alternatively, fortification can be increased in a stepwise manner based on assumed composition while monitoring blood urea levels for safety. The current aim is to prevent preterm infants dropping percentiles and falling below the 10th percentile at 36 weeks' corrected gestational age or discharge home. More data are required on how best to fortify human milk for preterm infants to achieve optimal growth, development and health outcomes in the long term. There is an urgent need for well-designed and informed randomized clinical trials in this vulnerable preterm population. Copyright © 2015 Nestec Ltd., Vevey/S. Karger AG, Basel.
Brain reward-system activation in response to anticipation and consumption of palatable food is altered by glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor activation in humans.; AIM: To test the hypothesis that food intake reduction after glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor activation is mediated through brain areas regulating anticipatory and consummatory food reward., METHODS: As part of a larger study, we determined the effects of GLP-1 receptor activation on brain responses to anticipation and receipt of chocolate milk versus a tasteless solution, using functional MRI (fMRI). Obese subjects with type 2 diabetes, and obese and lean subjects with normoglycaemia (n = 48) underwent three fMRI sessions at separate visits with intravenous infusion of the GLP-1 receptor agonist exenatide, exenatide with prior GLP-1 receptor blockade by exendin-9-39 or placebo, during somatostatin pituitary-pancreatic clamps., RESULTS: Body mass index negatively correlated with brain responses to receipt of chocolate milk and positively correlated with anticipation of receipt of chocolate milk in brain areas regulating reward, appetite and motivation. Exenatide increased brain responses to receipt of chocolate milk and decreased anticipation of receipt of chocolate milk compared with placebo, paralleled by reductions in food intake. Exendin-9-39 largely prevented these effects., CONCLUSIONS: Our findings show that GLP-1 receptor activation decreases anticipatory food reward, which may reduce cravings for food and increases consummatory food reward, which may prevent overeating. Copyright © 2015 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Consumption of sucrose-sweetened soft drinks increases plasma levels of uric acid in overweight and obese subjects: a 6-month randomised controlled trial.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Sucrose-sweetened soft drinks (SSSDs) are associated with the development of metabolic disorders. Fructose is a major component of SSSDs and is demonstrated to induce uric acid (UA) production and stimulate fat accumulation independent of excess caloric intake. UA induce insulin resistance and low-grade inflammation, suggesting that UA may have a causal role in the development of metabolic complications. The objective of this study is to investigate the long-term effects of consuming SSSDs on circulating levels of UA in overweight and obese subjects., SUBJECTS/METHODS: Using a previously published study, circulating UA levels were assessed at baseline and after 6 months using chromogenic enzymatic absorptiometry. The study included 47 overweight and obese subjects without diabetes, randomised to consume 1 l daily of either SSSD (regular cola), isocaloric semi-skimmed milk, diet cola or water for 6 months., RESULTS: Circulating UA levels increased ~15% (P = 0.02) after the 6-month intervention in the SSSD group with no change in the other groups. In the SSSD group, circulating UA levels increased significantly after the intervention in both absolute (P = 0.005) and relative values (P = 0.004). The change in UA after the intervention correlated with changes in liver fat (P = 0.005), triglycerides (P = 0.02) and insulin (P = 0.002)., CONCLUSIONS: In this secondary analysis daily intake of 1 l SSSD for 6 months was found to increase circulating UA levels compared with isocaloric milk, diet cola and water. Thus, a high daily intake of SSSDs in overweight and obese subjects without overt diabetes may increase the risk of developing metabolic complications through the elevation of UA. This trial is registered at ClinicalTrials.gov as NCT00777647.
Early Obesity Prevention: A Randomized Trial of a Practice-Based Intervention in 0-24-Month Infants.; OBJECTIVE: A pediatric office-based intervention was implemented following a randomized, controlled design, aimed at improving child feeding practices and growth patterns and ultimately reducing risk for overweight and obesity later in life., METHODS: Four clinics (232 infants) were randomized to control or intervention (I), the latter delivered by health care provider at each of 7-9 well-baby visits over 2 years, using a previously developed program (Growing Leaps and Bounds) that included verbal, visual, and text advice and information for parents., RESULTS: The I group offered significantly less soda (p = 0.006), sweetened tea (p = 0.01), punch (p = 0.02) and/or cow's milk (p = 0.001) to infants and delayed the introduction of drink/food other than breast milk (p < 0.05). Parents in the I group had a higher perceived parental monitoring (p = 0.05) and restriction (p = 0.01) on infant feeding. While the I group exhibited at baseline more adverse socioeconomic indicators than the control group, growth trajectory or body size indices did not significantly differ between groups., CONCLUSIONS: Education provided by health care providers in addition to follow-up monthly phone calls may help modify parental behaviors related to child feeding and increase parental sense of responsibility toward child eating behaviors.
A randomised phase IIb trial to assess the efficacy of ReCharge ice cream in preventing chemotherapy-induced diarrhoea.; PURPOSE: Chemotherapy-induced diarrhoea (CID) has a significant impact. A medicinal food product (ReCharge) containing iron-saturated lactoferrin and anhydrous milk fat reduces the detrimental effects of chemotherapy on the gut in animals. We report results of a randomised blinded placebo-controlled phase IIb trial investigating the efficacy and safety of ReCharge in preventing CID., METHODS: Eligible patients were adults due to start the first cycle of a 2- or 3-week-cycle chemotherapy regimen, had an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) status of 3 or less, had adequate haematological, liver and renal function and provided written informed consent. Patients (197) were randomised to ReCharge or placebo. They consumed 100-g study product for 2 weeks before and 6 weeks after starting chemotherapy, completed daily diaries for 8 weeks and attended clinic visits until 12 weeks (2-week cycles) or 14 weeks (3-week cycles). The primary outcome was days with CID., RESULTS: The mean number of days with diary-recorded CID was marginally but not statistically significantly lower on ReCharge than placebo (-2.0, 95 % CI (-4.7 to 0.7), p = 0.2). The proportion reporting diarrhoea in the previous cycle at the clinic visit was 30 % lower (p = 0.012) on ReCharge. Missing diary data may have contributed to the discrepancy. No significant differences were found in quality of life or other adverse events., CONCLUSIONS: We found no clear evidence that ReCharge reduced CID as measured by patient self-report diary. The converse finding of benefit as recorded at clinic visits and incomplete adherence to diary completion indicates that further research is required into methods for measuring CID.
Potential role of milk fat globule membrane in modulating plasma lipoproteins, gene expression, and cholesterol metabolism in humans: a randomized study.; BACKGROUND: Butter is rich in saturated fat [saturated fatty acids (SFAs)] and can increase plasma low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, which is a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease. However, compared with other dairy foods, butter is low in milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) content, which encloses the fat. We hypothesized that different dairy foods may have distinct effects on plasma lipids because of a varying content of MFGM., OBJECTIVE: We aimed to investigate whether the effects of milk fat on plasma lipids and cardiometabolic risk markers are modulated by the MFGM content., DESIGN: The study was an 8-wk, single-blind, randomized, controlled isocaloric trial with 2 parallel groups including overweight men and women (n = 57 randomly assigned). For the intervention, subjects consumed 40 g milk fat/d as either whipping cream (MFGM diet) or butter oil (control diet). Intervention foods were matched for total fat, protein, carbohydrates, and calcium. Subjects were discouraged from consuming any other dairy products during the study. Plasma markers of cholesterol absorption and hepatic cholesterol metabolism were assessed together with global gene-expression analyses in peripheral blood mononuclear cells., RESULTS: As expected, the control diet increased plasma lipids, whereas the MFGM diet did not [total cholesterol (+/-SD): +0.30 +/- 0.49 compared with -0.04 +/- 0.49 mmol/L, respectively (P = 0.024); LDL cholesterol: +0.36 +/- 0.50 compared with +0.04 +/- 0.36 mmol/L, respectively (P = 0.024); apolipoprotein B:apolipoprotein A-I ratio: +0.03 +/- 0.09 compared with -0.05 +/- 0.10 mmol/L, respectively (P = 0.007); and non-HDL cholesterol: +0.24 +/- 0.49 compared with -0.14 +/- 0.51 mmol/L, respectively (P = 0.013)]. HDL-cholesterol, triglyceride, sitosterol, lathosterol, campesterol, and proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 plasma concentrations and fatty acid compositions did not differ between groups. Nineteen genes were differentially regulated between groups, and these genes were mostly correlated with lipid changes., CONCLUSIONS: In contrast to milk fat without MFGM, milk fat enclosed by MFGM does not impair the lipoprotein profile. The mechanism is not clear although suppressed gene expression by MFGM correlated inversely with plasma lipids. The food matrix should be considered when evaluating cardiovascular aspects of different dairy foods. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01767077. Copyright © 2015 American Society for Nutrition.
Effect of cheese consumption on blood lipids: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.; CONTEXT: Cheese may affect lipids and lipoproteins differently than other high-fat dairy foods., OBJECTIVE: The present systematic review and meta-analysis was performed to evaluate randomized controlled trials that examined the effect of cheese consumption compared with another food product on blood lipids and lipoproteins., DATA SOURCES: A systematic literature search of the MEDLINE, Embase, Scopus, CAB Abstracts, the Cochrane Controlled Trials Register, and the clinicaltrials.gov website was performed., STUDY SELECTION: A total of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) were identified that examined the effect of cheese consumption on blood lipids and lipoproteins in healthy adults., DATA EXTRACTION: A meta-analysis of 5 RCTs that compared the effects of hard cheese and butter, both of which had a similar ratio of polyunsaturated fatty acids to saturated fatty acids (P/S ratio), was performed., DATA SYNTHESIS: Compared with butter intake, cheese intake (weighted mean difference: 145.0 g/d) reduced low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) by 6.5% (-0.22 mmol/l; 95%CI: -0.29 to -0.14) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) by 3.9% (-0.05 mmol/l; 95%CI: -0.09 to -0.02) but had no effect on triglycerides. Compared with intake of tofu or fat-modified cheese, cheese intake increased total cholesterol or LDL-C, as was expected on the basis of the P/S ratio of the diets. There was insufficient data to compare intake of cheese with intake of other foods., CONCLUSION: Despite the similar P/S ratios of hard cheese and butter, consumption of hard cheese lowers LDL-C and HDL-C when compared with consumption of butter. Whether these findings can be attributed to calcium, specific types of saturated fatty acids, or the food matrix of cheese warrants further research. . Copyright © The Author(s) 2015. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the International Life Sciences Institute. All rights reserved. For Permissions, please e-mail: journals.permissions@oup.com.
An oat bran-based beverage reduce postprandial glycaemia equivalent to yoghurt in healthy overweight subjects.; An acute meal study was performed to determine postprandial glucose and insulin responses after consumption of two fermented oat bran-based beverages (with and without exopolysaccharides) and yoghurt. This randomized, single-blind, within-subject study included 18 healthy, overweight participants. Four breakfast meals, including a reference meal, were tested; all meals contained 50 g of available carbohydrates, but differed in energy and macronutrient composition. All experimental meals reduced the postprandial glucose response compared with the reference meal. The oat drinks as well as the yoghurt elicited higher early (0-15 min) insulin responses, but the overall insulinaemia were similar to the reference meal. A new food product containing fermented liquid oat bran and milk reduced the postprandial blood glucose response as efficiently as yoghurt after a high-glycaemic index white wheat bread meal, but the presence of microbial exopolysaccharides did not affect the outcome.
Clinical evaluation of safety and efficacy of Boswellia-based cream for prevention of adjuvant radiotherapy skin damage in mammary carcinoma: a randomized placebo controlled trial.; OBJECTIVE: Acute radiation erythema and other skin reactions are common adverse effects experienced by breast carcinoma patients undergoing radiotherapy treatment. Boswellic acids are pentacyclic triterpenes extracted from the resins of the tropical tree Boswellia serrata with strong anti-inflammatory properties. This study was designed to evaluate the safety and the efficacy of the application of a base cream containing boswellic acids in a proprietary formulation (Bosexil(R)) for the prevention and relief of radiation-induced adverse effects in breast cancer patients., PATIENTS AND METHODS: The acute skin reactions were clinically evaluated by visual intensity and computer-assisted skin color analysis, and toxicity was assessed by the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) rating scale., RESULTS: These findings indicate that the use of a boswellia-based cream is effective in reducing the use of topical corticosteroids and is able to reduce the grade of erythema and the skin superficial symptoms, being well tolerated by the patients., CONCLUSIONS: Further studies comparing boswellia cream with other topical agents will be appropriate to confirm the effectiveness of this treatment for breast cancer patients under radiation therapy.
Human milk fortifier with high versus standard protein content for promoting growth of preterm infants: A meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the growth of preterm infants fed standard protein-fortified human milk with that containing human milk fortifier (HMF) with a higher-than-standard protein content., METHODS: Published articles reporting randomized controlled trials and prospective observational intervention studies listed on the PubMed R, Embase R, CINAHL and Cochrane Library databases were searched using the keywords 'fortifier', 'human milk', 'breastfeeding', 'breast milk' and 'human milk fortifier'. The mean difference with 95% confidence intervals was used to compare the effect of HMF with a higher-than-standard protein content on infant growth characteristics., RESULTS: Five studies with 352 infants with birth weight <= 1750 g and a gestational age <= 34 weeks who were fed human milk were included in this meta-analysis. Infants in the experimental groups given human milk with higher-than-standard protein fortifier achieved significantly greater weight and length at the end of the study, and greater weight gain, length gain, and head circumference gain, compared with control groups fed human milk with the standard HMF., CONCLUSIONS: HMF with a higher-than-standard protein content can improve preterm infant growth compared with standard HMF. Copyright © The Author(s) 2015 Reprints and permissions: sagepub.co.uk/journalsPermissions.nav.
Long-term Efficacy of Topical Fluorouracil Cream, 5%, for Treating Actinic Keratosis: A Randomized Clinical Trial.; IMPORTANCE: Topical fluorouracil was demonstrated to be effective in reducing the number of actinic keratoses (AKs) for up to 6 months, but no randomized trials studied its long-term efficacy., OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the long-term efficacy of a single course of fluorouracil cream, 5%, for AK treatment., DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: The Veterans Affairs Keratinocyte Carcinoma Chemoprevention (VAKCC) trial was a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial with patients from dermatology clinics at 12 VA medical centers recruited from 2009 to 2011 and followed up until 2013. Our study population comprised 932 veterans with 2 or more keratinocyte carcinomas in the 5 years prior to enrollment. The mean follow-up duration was 2.6 years in both treatment and control groups., INTERVENTIONS: Participants applied either topical fluorouracil cream, 5% (n = 468), or vehicle control cream (n = 464) to the face and ears twice daily for up to 4 weeks., MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: This study reports on AK counts and treatments, which were secondary outcomes of the VAKCC trial. Actinic keratoses on the face and ears were counted by study dermatologists at enrollment and at study visits every 6 months. The number of spot treatments for AKs on the face and ears at semiannual study visits and in between study visits was recorded., RESULTS: The number of AKs on the face and ears per participant was not different between the fluorouracil and control groups at randomization (11.1 vs 10.6, P > .10). After randomization, the fluorouracil group had fewer AKs compared with the control group at 6 months (3.0 vs 8.1, P < .001) and for the overall study duration (P < .001). The fluorouracil group also had higher complete AK clearance rates (38% vs 17% at 6 months) and fewer spot treatments at 6-month intervals, at study visits, and in between study visits during the trial (P < .01 for all). The fluorouracil group took longer to require the first spot AK treatment (6.2 months) compared with the control group (6.0 months) (hazard ratio, 0.69; 95% CI, 0.60-0.79). The number of hypertrophic AKs was not different between the 2 groups overall (P = .60), although there were fewer hypertrophic AKs in the fluorouracil group at 6 months (0.23 vs 0.41) (P = .05)., CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Our results indicate that a single course of fluorouracil cream, 5%, effectively reduces AK counts and the need for spot treatments for longer than 2 years., TRIAL REGISTRATION: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier:NCT00847912.
Topical Nystatin for the Prevention of Catheter-Associated Candidiasis in ELBW Infants.; BACKGROUND: Catheter-associated Candida bloodstream infections are a common and serious problem in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). Several prophylactic regimens have been developed including oral administration of nonabsorbable antifungals and intravenous infusions. No reports to date have employed a topical regimen., PURPOSE: To evaluate the effectiveness of topical nystatin cream in preventing catheter-associated Candida sepsis., METHODS: A retrospective descriptive design was used to determine the incidence of Candida sepsis in extremely low-birth weight (ELBW, <1000 g at birth) infants who were treated with topical nystatin cream for Candida bloodstream infection prophylaxis between January 1, 2000, and December 31, 2010. The electronic medical records of study infants were reviewed to establish the incidence of Candida sepsis., RESULTS: A total of 464 ELBW infants were admitted to the NICU during the study period. Three infants (0.65%) developed Candida sepsis., IMPLICATIONS FOR PRACTICE: These data demonstrate that a topical nystatin cream protocol is associated with a very low rate of Candida sepsis in ELBW infants with central catheters. The use of this protocol may contribute to a decrease in the morbidity and mortality rate associated with catheter-associated Candida infections in ELBW infants., IMPLICATIONS FOR RESEARCH: Before generalizations can be made as to the safety and efficacy of this protocol as compared to enteral and parenteral prophylactic treatments and in other institutions, large multicenter randomized controlled trials are required.
High fat challenges with different fatty acids affect distinct atherogenic gene expression pathways in immune cells from lean and obese subjects.; SCOPE: Early perturbations in vascular health can be detected by imposing subjects to a high fat (HF) challenge and measure response capacity. Subtle responses can be determined by assessment of whole-genome transcriptional changes. We aimed to magnify differences in health by comparing gene-expression changes in peripheral blood mononuclear cells toward a high MUFA or saturated fatty acids (SFA) challenge between subjects with different cardiovascular disease risk profiles and to identify fatty acid specific gene-expression pathways., METHODS AND RESULTS: In a cross-over study, 17 lean and 15 obese men (50-70 years) received two 95 g fat shakes, high in SFAs or MUFAs. Peripheral blood mononuclear cell gene-expression profiles were assessed fasted and 4-h postprandially. Comparisons were made between groups and shakes. During fasting, 294 genes were significantly differently expressed between lean and obese. The challenge increased differences to 607 genes after SFA and 2516 genes after MUFA. In both groups, SFA decreased expression of cholesterol biosynthesis and uptake genes and increased cholesterol efflux genes. MUFA increased inflammatory genes and PPAR-alpha targets involved in beta-oxidation., CONCLUSION: Based upon gene-expression changes, we conclude that an HF challenge magnifies differences in health, especially after MUFA. Our findings also demonstrate how SFAs and MUFAs exert distinct effects on lipid handling pathways in immune cells. Copyright © 2015 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim.
Imiquimod cream efficacy in the treatment of periocular nodular basal cell carcinoma: a non-randomized trial.; BACKGROUND: The recurrence rate of periocular nodular basal cell carcinoma (PNBCC) following treatment with imiquimod (IMQ) has not yet been established. Previous studies did not include histological follow-up. The aim of this analysis was to evaluate the efficacy of topical immunotherapy with 5% IMQ cream for the treatment of PNBCC., METHODS:, STUDY DESIGN: A prospective, non-randomized, and uncontrolled longitudinal case series study. No participants were blinded. Punch biopsy confirmed PNBCC patients were included at the Ophthalmology Clinic of Sao Paulo University Medicine School Hospital (from 2008 to 2012). Patients were treated with 5% IMQ cream once a day, 5 days per week, for 8-16 weeks. Standard lesion photographic documentation was done during the study. Three months after treatment ended, an image-guided biopsy was performed. Patients were followed at 6-month intervals and annually for control biopsies. Main outcome measures were clinical and histological clearance rates. Data were analysed by frequency distribution for qualitative group characteristics and central tendency measures for quantitative data., RESULTS: Twenty-four patients met the inclusion criteria, 19 of whom remained until the end of treatment. The histological clearance rate was 89.5% and 84.2%, respectively, at 3 and 39.5 months. The 3-year histological clearance rate was 81.8% (9/11) for lesions >10 mm, and 100% (8/8) for lesions <10 mm. Three patients did not tolerate the side effects of the medication and left the study. Two patients were excluded for treatment interruption related to comorbidities., CONCLUSIONS: Our results indicated that 5% IMQ cream was a useful alternative treatment for NBBCC, especially for lesions <10 mm. IMQ also showed a significant neoadjuvant effect on lesions >10 mm., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrial.gov Registration Dec 3, 2008: # NCT 00803907.
Cytomegalovirus infection and neonatal outcome in extremely preterm infants after freezing of maternal milk.; BACKGROUND: Cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection acquired from breast milk can cause serious illness in extremely preterm (EPT) infants (<28 weeks). Some neonatal centers freeze maternal milk (MM) to prevent CMV transmission; however, this practice is controversial. In this study, we assessed the CMV transmission rate and neonatal outcome in EPT infants after routine freezing of all MM., METHODS: EPT infants (n = 140) and their mothers were randomized to the intervention group (only freeze-thawed MM) or the control group (combined fresh and freeze-thawed MM). Freeze-thawed MM was frozen at -20degreeC for >=3 days before thawing. Mothers had serological tests for CMV, and MM was analyzed for CMV by polymerase chain reaction and CMV culture. Infants underwent CMV screening with urine analysis by CMV-polymerase chain reaction and CMV culture until 12 weeks of age., RESULTS: Congenital CMV infection was detected in 2% of screened infants. The CMV transmission rate in infants fed with CMV-DNA positive milk was 8% (3 of 37) in the intervention group and 6% (2 of 33) in controls. All infants infected by CMV were asymptomatic. The final per-protocol analysis included 56 infants in the intervention group and 65 controls. Neonatal mortality was comparable between the groups (7% vs. 6%). Neonatal morbidity was similar, except for late onset Candida sepsis, which was more frequent in the controls (12% vs. 0%)., CONCLUSIONS: Routine freezing of all MM did not affect the rate of CMV transmission but may help to prevent fungal sepsis in EPT infants. This observation merits further investigation.
The effect of postpartum vitamin A supplementation on breast milk immune regulators and infant immune functions: study protocol of a randomized, controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Because of limited impact on infant morbidity, mortality, and vitamin A status, the new guideline of the World Health Organization (WHO) does not recommend postpartum vitamin A supplementation (VAS) as a public health intervention in developing countries. However, breast milk contains numerous immune-protective components that are important for infant immune development, and several of these components are regulated by vitamin A., METHODS/DESIGN: Postpartum women are being enrolled within 3 days (d) of delivery at a maternity clinic located in a slum area of Dhaka city and randomized to one of four postpartum VAS regimens (32/group, total 128). The regimens are as follows: Group 1: 200,000 IU VAS at <3 d and placebo at 6 weeks postpartum; Group 2: placebo at <3 d and 200,000 IU VAS at 6 weeks postpartum; Group 3: 200,000 IU VAS, both at <3 d and 6 weeks postpartum; Group 4: placebo, both at <3 d and 6 weeks postpartum. Breast milk samples at <3 d (before supplementation) and 4 months postpartum will be used to measure vitamin A and bioactive compounds. Infant blood samples at 2 and 4 months of age will be used to measure vitamin A, as well as innate and vaccine-specific immune responses. Dietary, anthropometric, and morbidity data are also being collected., DISCUSSION: This is the first placebo-controlled randomized clinical trial of postnatal vitamin A supplementation to investigate the key bioactive compounds in breast milk, important for infant immunity, in relation to dose and time point of postpartum supplementation and whether such maternal supplementation improves infant immune status during the critical period of early infancy., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT02043223 , 5 December 2013.
Synchronization of ovulation with human chorionic gonadotropin in lactating dairy cows with ovarian cysts during heat stress.; A study was conducted during hot season to determine the effect of synchronization of ovulation with human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) on fertility of lactating dairy cows with ovarian cysts. Non cyclic Holstein dairy cows (n = 80) were stratified by parity and diagnosed as having an ovarian cyst. The cows were further identified as follicular or luteal cysts according to the plasma progesterone (P4) concentration and the cystic image of ultrasonography. Cystic cows were randomly assigned to receive treatments (Ovsynch as the control or Ovsynch plus 3000 IU hCG). All cows were artificially inseminated at 16-18 h after the second gonadotropin releasing hormone injection. Cows supplemented with hCG had a greater number of corpus luteum (1.8 +/- 0.2 and 0.8 +/- 0.3; P < 0.05) and had greater P4 concentration on day 12 than those control cows (6.3 +/- 0.3 and 3.9 +/- 0.4 ng/ml; P < 0.05). Concentration of cortisol did not differ between groups of cystic cows. No significant differences were found in overall conception rates between the treatments; however, significantly greater conception rate (P = 0.03) was observed in cows with luteal cysts receiving Ovsynch plus hCG. This study highlights that administration of hCG following the Ovsynch-based timed artificial insemination (AI) is more effective than the control Ovsynch by which the hCG affects corpus luteum (CL) development, P4 concentration, and thus improves conception rate in dairy cows with luteal cysts.
Acute effects of calcium citrate with or without a meal, calcium-fortified juice and a dairy product meal on serum calcium and phosphate: a randomised cross-over trial.; Ca supplements, but not dietary Ca, have been associated with increased cardiovascular risk. This difference could be related to differences in their acute effects on serum Ca. We therefore examined the effects of Ca from different sources on serum Ca and phosphate in a randomised, cross-over trial of ten women (mean age of 69 years). Fasting participants received a single dose of 500 mg of Ca as citrate, citrate with a meal, fortified juice or a dairy product meal, with at least 6 d between each intervention. Blood was sampled before and 1, 2, 4 and 6 h after each intervention was ingested. Serum ionised and total Ca increased significantly from baseline over 6 h. Using calcium citrate fasting as a comparator, the elevations in ionised and total Ca were similar after fortified juice, delayed after calcium citrate with a meal and smaller after a dairy product meal. Serum phosphate and calcium-phosphate product increased from baseline after calcium citrate with a meal and after a dairy product meal, and they declined after calcium citrate fasting and after fortified juice. The elevations in serum Ca in the present study were only slightly different from those observed after the administration of 1000 mg of Ca in a previous study. These data indicate that different sources of Ca have different acute effects on serum Ca and support recommendations that dietary Ca might be safer than supplements. Whether these differences contribute to differences in cardiovascular risk requires further study.
Use of a urea, arginine and carnosine cream versus a standard emollient glycerol cream for treatment of severe xerosis of the feet in patients with type 2 diabetes: a randomized, 8 month, assessor-blinded, controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: No long-term data are available regarding the effects of emollients in treating severe foot skin xerosis in patients with diabetes., STUDY AIM: We evaluated the efficacy of 8 month urea, arginine and carnosine cream (UC) in comparison with a glycerin-based emollient cream (SEC) in type 2 patients with diabetes who had severe foot xerosis., SUBJECTS AND METHODS: We assessed the effect of UC and SEC on skin hydration in a randomized, assessor-blinded study in 50 patients treated with UC (N = 25) or SEC (N = 25) for 32 weeks with a twice daily application. Primary outcomes were a 9 point Xerosis Assessment Scale (XAS) score and a 4 point Overall Cutaneous Score (OCS), evaluated at baseline and after 4, 12 and 32 weeks. Skin hydration and desquamation were also objectively evaluated by means of a bio-impedance skin analysis device (Hydr8 * ) at baseline and at week 32., RESULTS: UC induced greater hydration than SEC (p = 0.001) with a 91% reduction at week 32 in XAS score vs. baseline. After 4 weeks, compared with the SEC treated group, the XAS score in the UC treated group was significantly lower. OCS was reduced by 27% from baseline to end of the study in the UC group, and increased by 8% in the SEC group (p = 0.02; between groups). At month 8, skin hydration and desquamation evaluated by the digital skin analysis system statistically improved in UC treated subjects in comparison with baseline and SEC group values. This study was not double-blind. In order to overcome this problem we performed an assessor-blinded evaluation of the primary endpoints and used an objective measurement tool for skin hydration and desquamation assessment., CONCLUSION: Using a urea, arginine and carnosine cream for 8 months increases skin hydration and improves skin dryness in type 2 diabetic patients in comparison with a glycerol-based emollient cream, with a greater efficacy observed as early as 4 weeks into treatment.
Dairy proteins, dairy lipids, and postprandial lipemia in persons with abdominal obesity (DairyHealth): a 12-wk, randomized, parallel-controlled, double-blinded, diet intervention study.; BACKGROUND: Abdominal obesity and exaggerated postprandial lipemia are independent risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and mortality, and both are affected by dietary behavior., OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether dietary supplementation with whey protein and medium-chain saturated fatty acids (MC-SFAs) improved postprandial lipid metabolism in humans with abdominal obesity., DESIGN: We conducted a 12-wk, randomized, double-blinded, diet intervention study. Sixty-three adults were randomly allocated to one of 4 diets in a 2 x 2 factorial design. Participants consumed 60 g milk protein (whey or casein) and 63 g milk fat (with high or low MC-SFA content) daily. Before and after the intervention, a high-fat meal test was performed. We measured changes from baseline in fasting and postprandial triacylglycerol, apolipoprotein B-48 (apoB-48; reflecting chylomicrons of intestinal origin), free fatty acids (FFAs), insulin, glucose, glucagon, glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1), and gastric inhibitory polypeptide (GIP). Furthermore, changes in the expression of adipose tissue genes involved in lipid metabolism were investigated. Two-factor ANOVA was used to examine the difference between protein types and fatty acid compositions, as well as any interaction between the two., RESULTS: Fifty-two participants completed the study. We found that the postprandial apoB-48 response decreased significantly after whey compared with casein (P = 0.025) independently of fatty acid composition. Furthermore, supplementation with casein resulted in a significant increase in the postprandial GLP-1 response compared with whey (P = 0.003). We found no difference in postprandial triacylglycerol, FFA, insulin, glucose, glucagon, or GIP related to protein type or MC-SFA content. We observed no interaction between milk protein and milk fat on postprandial lipemia., CONCLUSION: We found that a whey protein supplement decreased the postprandial chylomicron response compared with casein in persons with abdominal obesity, thereby indicating a beneficial impact on CVD risk. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01472666. Copyright © 2015 American Society for Nutrition.
Effects of animal source food and micronutrient fortification in complementary food products on body composition, iron status, and linear growth: a randomized trial in Cambodia.; BACKGROUND: Poor nutritional quality of complementary foods often limits growth. Animal source foods, such as milk or meat, are often unaffordable. Local affordable alternatives are needed., OBJECTIVE: We evaluate the efficacy of 2 newly developed, rice-based complementary food products: WinFood (WF) with small fish and edible spiders and WinFood-Lite (WF-L) fortified with small fish, against 2 existing fortified corn-soy blend products, CSB+ (purely plant based) and CSB++ (8% dried skimmed milk)., DESIGN: In total, 419 infants aged 6 mo were enrolled in this randomized, single-blinded study for 9 mo, designed primarily to assess increments in fat-free mass by a deuterium dilution technique and change in plasma ferritin and soluble transferrin receptor. Secondary endpoints were changes in anthropometric variables, including knee-heel length. Data were analyzed by the intention-to-treat approach., RESULTS: There was no difference in fat-free mass increment in WF or WF-L compared with CSB+ [WF: +0.04 kg (95% CI: -0.20, 0.28 kg); WF-L: +0.14 kg (95% CI: -0.10, 0.38 kg)] or CSB++ [WF: -0.03 kg (95% CI: -0.27, 0.21 kg); WF-L: +0.07 kg (95% CI: -0.18, 0.31 kg)] and no effect on iron status. The 1.7-mm (95% CI: -0.1, 3.5 mm) greater increase in knee-heel length in WF-L than in CSB+ was not significant., CONCLUSIONS: No difference was found between the locally produced products (WF and WF-L) and the CSBs. Micronutrient fortification may be necessary, and small fish may be an affordable alternative to milk to improve complementary foods. The dietary role of edible spiders needs to be further explored. This trial was registered at controlled-trials.com as ISRCTN19918531. Copyright © 2015 American Society for Nutrition.
Whey protein supplementation does not alter plasma branched-chained amino acid profiles but results in unique metabolomics patterns in obese women enrolled in an 8-week weight loss trial.; BACKGROUND: It has been suggested that perturbations in branched-chain amino acid (BCAA) catabolism are associated with insulin resistance and contribute to elevated systemic BCAAs. Evidence in rodents suggests dietary protein rich in BCAAs can increase BCAA catabolism, but there is limited evidence in humans., OBJECTIVE: We hypothesize that a diet rich in BCAAs will increase BCAA catabolism, which will manifest in a reduction of fasting plasma BCAA concentrations., METHODS: The metabolome of 27 obese women with metabolic syndrome before and after weight loss was investigated to identify changes in BCAA metabolism using GC-time-of-flight mass spectrometry. Subjects were enrolled in an 8-wk weight-loss study including either a 20-g/d whey (whey group, n = 16) or gelatin (gelatin group, n = 11) protein supplement. When matched for total protein by weight, whey protein has 3 times the amount of BCAAs compared with gelatin protein., RESULTS: Postintervention plasma abundances of Ile (gelatin group: 637 +/- 18, quantifier ion peak height / 100; whey group: 744 +/- 65), Leu (gelatin group: 1210 +/- 33; whey group: 1380 +/- 79), and Val (gelatin group: 2080 +/- 59; whey group: 2510 +/- 230) did not differ between treatment groups. BCAAs were significantly correlated with homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance at baseline (r = 0.52, 0.43, and 0.49 for Leu, Ile, and Val, respectively; all, P < 0.05), but correlations were no longer significant at postintervention. Pro- and Cys-related pathways were found discriminant of whey protein vs. gelatin protein supplementation in multivariate statistical analyses., CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that BCAA metabolism is, at best, only modestly affected at a whey protein supplementation dose of 20 g/d. Furthermore, the loss of an association between postintervention BCAA and homeostasis model assessment suggests that factors associated with calorie restriction or protein intake affect how plasma BCAAs relate to insulin sensitivity. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00739479. Copyright © 2015 American Society for Nutrition.
Habitual physical activity and plasma metabolomic patterns distinguish individuals with low vs. high weight loss during controlled energy restriction.; BACKGROUND: Total weight loss induced by energy restriction is highly variable even under tightly controlled conditions. Identifying weight-loss discriminants would provide a valuable weight management tool and insights into body weight regulation., OBJECTIVE: This study characterized responsiveness to energy restriction in adults from variables including the plasma metabolome, endocrine and inflammatory markers, clinical indices, body composition, diet, and physical activity., METHODS: Data were derived from a controlled feeding trial investigating the effect of 3-4 dairy product servings in an energy-restricted diet (2092 kJ/d reduction) over 12 wk. Partial least squares regression was used to identify weight-loss discriminants in 67 overweight and obese adults. Linear mixed models were developed to identify discriminant variable differences in high- vs. low-weight-loss responders., RESULTS: Both pre- and postintervention variables (n = 127) were identified as weight-loss discriminants (root mean squared error of prediction = 1.85 kg; Q(2) = 0.43). Compared with low-responders (LR), high-responders (HR) had greater decreases in body weight (LR: 2.7 +/- 1.6 kg; HR: 9.4 +/- 1.8 kg, P < 0.01), BMI (in kg/m(2); LR: 1.0 +/- 0.6; HR: 3.3 +/- 0.5, P < 0.01), and total fat (LR: 2.2 +/- 1.1 kg; HR: 8.0 +/- 2.1 kg, P < 0.01). Significant group effects unaffected by the intervention were determined for the respiratory exchange ratio (LR: 0.86 +/- 0.05; HR: 0.82 +/- 0.03, P < 0.01), moderate physical activity (LR: 127 +/- 52 min; HR: 167 +/- 68 min, P = 0.02), sedentary activity (LR: 1090 +/- 99 min; HR: 1017 +/- 110 min, P = 0.02), and plasma stearate [LR: 102,000 +/- 21,000 quantifier ion peak height (QIPH); HR: 116,000 +/- 24,000 QIPH, P = 0.01]., CONCLUSIONS: Overweight and obese individuals highly responsive to energy restriction had accelerated reductions in adiposity, likely supported in part by higher lipid mobilization and combustion. A novel observation was that person-to-person differences in habitual physical activity and magnitude of weight loss were accompanied by unique blood metabolite signatures. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00858312. Copyright © 2015 American Society for Nutrition.
Metabolic and physiologic effects from consuming a hunter-gatherer (Paleolithic)-type diet in type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The contemporary American diet figures centrally in the pathogenesis of numerous chronic diseases--'diseases of civilization'--such as obesity and diabetes. We investigated in type 2 diabetes whether a diet similar to that consumed by our pre-agricultural hunter-gatherer ancestors ('Paleolithic' type diet) confers health benefits., SUBJECTS/METHODS: We performed an outpatient, metabolically controlled diet study in type 2 diabetes patients. We compared the findings in 14 participants consuming a Paleo diet comprising lean meat, fruits, vegetables and nuts, and excluding added salt, and non-Paleolithic-type foods comprising cereal grains, dairy or legumes, with 10 participants on a diet based on recommendations by the American Diabetes Association (ADA) containing moderate salt intake, low-fat dairy, whole grains and legumes. There were three ramp-up diets for 7 days, then 14 days of the test diet. Outcomes included the following: mean arterial blood pressure; 24-h urine electrolytes; hemoglobin A1c and fructosamine levels; insulin resistance by euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp and lipid levels., RESULTS: Both groups had improvements in metabolic measures, but the Paleo diet group had greater benefits on glucose control and lipid profiles. Also, on the Paleo diet, the most insulin-resistant subjects had a significant improvement in insulin sensitivity (r = 0.40, P = 0.02), but no such effect was seen in the most insulin-resistant subjects on the ADA diet (r = 0.39, P = 0.3)., CONCLUSIONS: Even short-term consumption of a Paleolithic-type diet improved glucose control and lipid profiles in people with type 2 diabetes compared with a conventional diet containing moderate salt intake, low-fat dairy, whole grains and legumes.
Red meat, dairy, and insulin sensitivity: a randomized crossover intervention study.; BACKGROUND: Epidemiologic studies have linked high consumption of red and processed meat with risk of developing type 2 diabetes, whereas high dairy consumption has been associated with decreased risk, but interventions have been limited., OBJECTIVE: We compared the effects on insulin sensitivity of consuming a diet high in lean red meat with minimal dairy, a diet high in primarily low-fat dairy (from milk, yogurt, or custard) with no red meat, and a control diet that contained neither red meat nor dairy., DESIGN: A randomized crossover study was undertaken with 47 overweight and obese men and women divided into 2 groups as follows: those with normal glucose tolerance and those with impaired fasting glucose or impaired glucose tolerance. Participants followed the 3 weight-stable dietary interventions for 4 wk with glucose, insulin, and C-peptide measured by using oral-glucose-tolerance tests at the end of each diet., RESULTS: Fasting insulin was significantly higher after the dairy diet than after the red meat diet (P < 0.01) with no change in fasting glucose resulting in a decrease in insulin sensitivity after the high-dairy diet (P < 0.05) as assessed by homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). A significant interaction between diet and sex was observed such that, in women alone, HOMA-IR was significantly lower after the red meat diet than after the dairy diet (1.33 +/- 0.8 compared with 1.71 +/- 0.8, respectively; P < 0.01). Insulin sensitivity calculated by using the Matsuda method was 14.7% lower in women after the dairy diet than after the red meat diet (P < 0.01) with no difference between diets in men. C-peptide was not different between diets., CONCLUSION: In contrast to some epidemiologic findings, these results suggest that high consumption of dairy reduces insulin sensitivity compared with a diet high in lean red meat in overweight and obese subjects, some of whom had glucose intolerance. This trial was registered at the Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry as ACTRN12613000441718. Copyright © 2015 American Society for Nutrition.
Whey and soy protein supplements changes body composition in patients with Crohn's disease undergoing azathioprine and anti-TNF-alpha therapy.; BACKGROUND: Crohn's disease (CD) is a chronic transmural inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract of unknown cause. Malnutrition associated with active CD has been reduced although obesity has increased. Dietary strategies such as those with high-protein have been proposed to reduce body fat. This study compares the effects of two supplements on the nutritional status of CD patients., MATERIALS AND METHODS: 68 CD patients were randomized in two groups: whey protein group (WP) and soy protein group (SP). Using bioimpedance analysis, anthropometry and albumin and pre-albumin dosages the nutritional status was measured before starting the intervention and after 8 and 16 weeks. The disease activity was determined by Crohn's Disease Activity Index and serum C-reactive protein dosage and dietary intake by 24h dietary recalls., RESULTS: Forty-one patients concluded the study and both supplements changed body composition similarly. Triceps skin fold thickness (p< 0.001) and body fat percentage (p=0.001) decreased, whereas mid-arm muscle circumference (p=0.004), corrected arm muscle area (p=0.005) and body lean percentage (p=0.001) increased., CONCLUSIONS: For Crohn's disease patients undergoing anti TNF-alpha and azatioprine therapies, supplementation with whey and soy proteins changes body composition through reduction of body fat and thus contributes to control inflammation. Copyright AULA MEDICA EDICIONES 2014. Published by AULA MEDICA. All rights reserved.
Lipidomic changes of LDL in overweight and moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects taking phytosterol- and omega-3-supplemented milk.; The benefits of dietary phytosterols (PhySs) and long-chain n-3 PUFA (omega3) have been linked to their effects as cholesterol- and triglyceride (TGL)-lowering agents. However, it remains unknown whether these compounds have further metabolic effects on LDL lipid composition. Here, we studied the effects of PhyS- or omega3-supplemented low-fat milk (milk) on the LDL-lipidome. Overweight and moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects (n = 32) were enrolled in a two-arm longitudinal crossover study. Milk (250 ml/day), enriched with either 1.57 g PhyS or 375 mg omega3 (EPA + DHA), was given to the participants during two sequential 28 day intervention periods. Compared with baseline, PhyS-milk induced a higher reduction in the LDL cholesterol (LDLc) level than omega3-milk. LDL resistance to oxidation was significantly increased after intervention with PhyS-milk. Changes in TGL and VLDL cholesterol were only evident after omega3-milk intake. Lipidomic analysis revealed a differential effect of the PhyS- and omega3-milk interventions on the LDL lipid metabolite pattern. Content in LDL-glycerophospholipids was reduced after PhyS-milk intake, with major changes in phosphatidylcholine (PC) and phosphatidylserine subclasses, whereas omega3-milk induced significant changes in the long-chain polyunsaturated cholesteryl esters and in the ratio PC36:5/lysoPC16:0, associated to a reduced inflammatory activity. In conclusion, daily intake of milk products containing PhyS or omega3 supplements induce changes in the LDL-lipidome that indicate reduced inflammatory and atherogenic effects, beyond their LDLc- and TGL-lowering effects. Copyright © 2015 by the American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Inc.
Prospective multicenter observational trial on the safety and efficacy of LEVORAG R Emulgel in the treatment of acute and chronic anal fissure.; BACKGROUND: Anal fissure (AF) is a common cause of anal pain with a tendency not to heal spontaneously because of ischemia of the anoderm caused by sphincter spasm. Lateral internal sphincterotomy, while very effective, can cause fecal incontinence and chemical sphincterotomy by application of cream may have discouraging side effects and/or low efficacy. The aim of this prospective multicenter study was to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of a new medical treatment based on Emulgel cream, with emollient, soothing and protective agents, on AF healing., METHODS: Consecutive patients with AF treated in nine coloproctology units during 6 months entered the study on topical treatment with Levorag( R) Emulgel (THD S.p.A Correggio (RE), Italy). Before treatment, they had a proctologic examination and pain was measured using a visual analog scale. THD Levorag( R) Emulgel was applied every 12 h for 40 days. Monitoring was scheduled at 10, 20 and 40 days. At time 0 and at the end of treatment, patients underwent anorectal manometry, if possible., RESULTS: Two hundred eighty-four AF patients were recruited (171 acute fissures). Complete healing was achieved in 47.9 % of the cases, an improvement in 31.0 % (global efficacy 78.9 %). In patients with acute fissure, the rate of efficacy was 89.4 % (complete healing: 64.3 %, improvement: 25.1 %), in those with chronic fissure the rate of efficacy was 62.8 % (complete healing: 23 %, improvement: 39.8 %), p < 0.001. Pain and resting anal pressure decreased significantly after treatment., CONCLUSIONS: Treatment with THD Levorag( R) Emulgel proved to be effective for the reepithelization of AF and the reduction of pain in the short term in about 80 % of patients.
Effects of non-fat dairy products added to the routine diet on vascular function: a randomized controlled crossover trial.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: High consumption of low- and non-fat dairy products is associated with reduced risk of high blood pressure (BP) and central arterial stiffness. However, interventional studies to determine if the addition of non-fat dairy products to the diet is capable of reducing central BP and improving vascular function are lacking. The aim of this study was to determine if the solitary addition of non-fat dairy products to the normal routine diet would reduce central BP and improve vascular function in middle-aged and older adults with elevated BP., METHODS AND RESULTS: Using a randomized, crossover intervention study design, forty-nine adults (44% men, 53 +/- 2 years, 170 +/- 2 cm, 88 +/- 3 kg; mean +/- SEM) with elevated BP (134 +/- 1/81 +/- 1 mm Hg) underwent a High Dairy condition (+4 servings/day of conventional non-fat dairy products) and No Dairy condition (+4 servings/day fruit products) in which all dairy products were removed. Both dietary conditions lasted 4 weeks with a 2-week washout before crossing over into the alternate condition. The High Dairy condition produced reductions in central systolic BP (-3 +/- 1 mm Hg) and carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity (-0.5 +/- 0.1 m/sec), with a concomitant increase in brachial flow-mediated dilation (+1.1 +/- 0.4%) and cardiovagal baroreflex sensitivity (+5 +/- 1 ms/mm Hg) (P < 0.05 for all vs. baseline). In the No Dairy condition, brachial flow-mediated dilation was reduced (-1.0 +/- 0.1%, P < 0.05 vs. baseline)., CONCLUSIONS: The solitary manipulation of conventional dairy products in the normal routine diet modulates levels of central BP and vascular function in middle-aged and older adults with elevated BP., CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT01577030. Copyright © 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Sustained effects of a protein 'preload' on glycaemia and gastric emptying over 4 weeks in patients with type 2 diabetes: A randomized clinical trial.; We have shown that the capacity of 25g whey preloads to slow gastric emptying and reduce postprandial glycaemia persists after 4 weeks regular exposure in patients with diet-controlled type 2 diabetes. This dietary strategy therefore appears feasible for larger clinical trials to evaluate beneficial effects on long-term glycaemic control. Registered with the Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry: ACTRN12614000831684. Copyright © 2015 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Growth and Tolerance of Term Infants Fed Formula With Probiotic Lactobacillus reuteri.; BACKGROUND: Lactobacillus reuteri has been studied for its safety and beneficial effects in infants. This study assessed growth of infants fed a partially hydrolyzed whey formula with L reuteri., METHODS: Healthy term infants were randomized to 1 of 2 formulas (partially hydrolyzed whey formula with (PRO) or without (CON) L reuteri from 14 to 112 days of age. Anthropometric measures were assessed at 14, 28, 56, 84, and 112 days of age. Tolerance records were completed 2 days prior to each visit., RESULTS: A total of 122 subjects completed study per protocol (60 PRO, 62 CON). No differences were seen in daily weight gain, length, or head circumference. Overall, between groups, there were no significant differences in formula intake, stool frequency, color, consistency, flatulence, frequency of spit-up/vomiting, mood, sleep, or incidence of adverse events., CONCLUSION: Infants fed probiotic formula had similar growth to infants fed control formula. Both formulas were well tolerated. Copyright © The Author(s) 2015.
Postprandial lipid responses do not differ following consumption of butter or vegetable oil when consumed with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids.; Dietary saturated fat (SFA) intake has been associated with elevated blood lipid levels and increased risk for the development of chronic diseases. However, some animal studies have demonstrated that dietary SFA may not raise blood lipid levels when the diet is sufficient in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3PUFA). Therefore, in a randomised cross-over design, we investigated the postprandial effects of feeding meals rich in either SFA (butter) or vegetable oil rich in omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-6PUFA), in conjunction with n-3PUFA, on blood lipid profiles [total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and triacylglycerol (TAG)] and n-3PUFA incorporation into plasma lipids over a 6-h period. The incremental area under the curve for plasma cholesterol, LDL-C, HDL-C, TAG and n-3PUFA levels over 6 h was similar in the n-6PUFA compared to SFA group. The postprandial lipemic response to saturated fat is comparable to that of n-6PUFA when consumed with n-3PUFA; however, sex-differences in response to dietary fat type are worthy of further attention.
Cocoa flavanol consumption improves cognitive function, blood pressure control, and metabolic profile in elderly subjects: the Cocoa, Cognition, and Aging (CoCoA) Study--a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Recent evidence has indicated that flavanol consumption may have many health benefits in humans, including improved cognitive activities., OBJECTIVE: The aim was to evaluate the effect of flavanol consumption on cognitive performance in cognitively intact elderly subjects., DESIGN: This was a double-blind, controlled, parallel-arm study conducted in 90 elderly individuals without clinical evidence of cognitive dysfunction who were randomly assigned to consume daily for 8 wk a drink containing 993 mg [high flavanol (HF)], 520 mg [intermediate flavanol (IF)], or 48 mg [low flavanol (LF)] cocoa flavanols (CFs). Cognitive function was assessed at baseline and after 8 wk by using the Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE), the Trail Making Test (TMT) A and B, and the Verbal Fluency Test (VFT)., RESULTS: The changes in MMSE score in response to the 3 different treatments were not different. In contrast, there was a positive impact of the intervention on specific aspects of cognitive function. Mean changes (+/-SEs) in the time required to complete the TMT A and B after consumption of the HF (-8.6 +/- 0.4 and -16.5 +/- 0.8 s, respectively) and IF (-6.7 +/- 0.5 and -14.2 +/- 0.5 s, respectively) drinks significantly (P < 0.0001) differed from that after consumption of the LF drinks (-0.8 +/- 1.6 and -1.1 +/- 0.7 s, respectively). Similarly, VFT scores significantly improved among all treatment groups, but the magnitude of improvement in the VFT score was significantly (P < 0.0001) greater in the HF group (7.7 +/- 1.1 words/60 s) than in the IF (3.6 +/- 1.2 words/60 s) and LF (1.3 +/- 0.5 words/60 s) groups. Significantly different improvements in insulin resistance (P < 0.0001), blood pressure (P < 0.0001), and lipid peroxidation (P = 0.001) were also observed for the HF and IF groups in comparison with the LF group. Changes in insulin resistance explained ~17% of changes in composite z score (partial r2 = 0.1703, P < 0.0001)., CONCLUSIONS: This dietary intervention study provides evidence that regular CF consumption can reduce some measures of age-related cognitive dysfunction, possibly through an improvement in insulin sensitivity. These data suggest that the habitual intake of flavanols can support healthy cognitive function with age. Copyright © 2015 American Society for Nutrition.
Lathosterol-to-cholesterol ratio in serum predicts cholesterol-lowering response to plant sterol consumption in a dual-center, randomized, single-blind placebo-controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Benefits of plant sterols (PS) for cholesterol lowering are compromised by large variability in efficacy across individuals. High fractional cholesterol synthesis measured by deuterium incorporation has been associated with nonresponse to PS consumption; however, prospective studies that show this association have yet to be conducted., OBJECTIVE: The goal was to test whether the lathosterol-to-cholesterol ratio (L:C ratio), a surrogate marker of endogenous cholesterol synthesis, serves as an a priori predictor of cholesterol lowering in response to PS consumption., DESIGN: Sixty-three mildly hypercholesterolemic adults who were preselected as possessing either high endogenous cholesterol synthesis [HS; n = 24; L:C = 2.03 +/- 0.39 mumol/mmol (mean +/- SD)] or low endogenous cholesterol synthesis (LS; n = 39; L:C = 0.99 +/- 0.28 mumol/mmol) on the basis of baseline L:C consumed 2 g PS/d or a placebo for 28 d with the use of a dual-center, single-blind, randomized crossover design. Plasma lipid and noncholesterol sterol concentrations were measured at the end of each phase., RESULTS: PS consumption lowered total cholesterol (TC; -0.25 +/- 0.05 mmol/L; P < 0.0001) and LDL cholesterol (-0.17 +/- 0.04 mmol/L; P < 0.0001) overall. Specifically, LS individuals responded to PS treatment with a reduction in TC (-0.40 +/- 0.07 mmol/L; P < 0.0001) and LDL cholesterol (-0.29 +/- 0.05 mmol/L; P = 0.0002), whereas HS individuals failed to show cholesterol lowering (TC: -0.09 +/- 0.09 mmol/L; P = 0.2843; LDL cholesterol: -0.05 +/- 0.07 mmol/L; P = 0.4917). The odds of LS participants responding to PS consumption with cholesterol lowering better than the mean cholesterol lowering in all participants were 4.25 (95% CI: 1.242, 14.556; P = 0.0211) for TC and 3.36 (95% CI: 1.112, 10.161; P = 0.0317) for LDL cholesterol, which was higher than for HS participants., CONCLUSIONS: The L:C ratio predicts the extent of reduction in circulating TC and LDL cholesterol in response to PS consumption. Cholesterol synthesis assessment may thus have a use in identifying responders and nonresponders to PS therapy. Copyright © 2015 American Society for Nutrition.
Metabolic responses of healthy or prediabetic adults to bovine whey protein and sodium caseinate do not differ.; BACKGROUND: Casein is considered a slowly digestible protein compared with whey protein, and this may cause differences in hormone responses and the kinetics of delivering amino acids into the circulation., OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether postprandial plasma hormone and metabolite responses were different when bovine casein or whey protein was co-administered with carbohydrates in healthy and prediabetic adults., METHODS: White healthy male adults (n = 15) and white, well-defined male and female prediabetic adults (n = 15) received test drinks randomly on 3 different occasions at least 2 d apart which contained 50 g of maltodextrin19 (MD19) alone or in combination with 50 g of whey protein isolate (WPI) or 50 g of sodium caseinate (SC). Blood samples were collected over a 240-min time period and were analyzed for hormone profiles and defined metabolites., RESULTS: No evidence was found that gastric emptying was different between the 2 protein drinks. Both proteins increased peak plasma insulin concentrations in prediabetic persons by 96% compared with MD19 (each, P < 0.05), which was accompanied by a reduction of peak venous blood glucose by 21% (each, P < 0.0001) without a difference between the 2 proteins. Peak plasma glucagon concentrations increased by 101% in both groups after the protein drinks (P < 0.05). The WPI drink also increased peak plasma glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide concentrations in healthy volunteers by 56% (P < 0.01). Differences in plasma metabolite concentrations in volunteers could be attributed exclusively to the differences in the amino acid composition of the 2 proteins ingested., CONCLUSION: The WPI and the SC drinks similarly reduced postprandial glucose excursions when ingested with carbohydrates in healthy and prediabetic volunteers. Under our experimental conditions, however, no evidence was found that gastrointestinal processing of the 2 protein varieties differed substantially. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as DRKS00005682. Copyright © 2015 American Society for Nutrition.
Sugar-sweetened product consumption alters glucose homeostasis compared with dairy product consumption in men and women at risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Dietary patterns characterized by high intakes of fruits and vegetables, whole grains, low-fat dairy products, and low glycemic load have been associated with lower type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) risk. In contrast, dietary patterns that include high intakes of refined grains, processed meats, and high amounts of added sugars have been associated with increased T2DM risk., OBJECTIVE: This randomized, 2-period crossover trial compared the effects of dairy and sugar-sweetened product (SSP) consumption on insulin sensitivity and pancreatic beta-cell function in men and women at risk of the development of T2DM who habitually consume sugar-sweetened beverages., METHODS: In a randomized, controlled crossover trial, participants consumed dairy products (474 mL/d 2% milk and 170 g/d low-fat yogurt) and SSPs (710 mL/d nondiet soda and 108 g/d nondairy pudding), each for 6 wk, with a 2-wk washout between treatments. A liquid meal tolerance test (LMTT) was administered at baseline and the end of each period., RESULTS: Participants were 50% female with a mean age and body mass index of 53.8 y and 32.2 kg/m(2), respectively. Changes from baseline were significantly different between dairy product and SSP conditions for median homeostasis model assessment 2-insulin sensitivity (HOMA2-%S) (1.3 vs. -21.3%, respectively, P = 0.009; baseline = 118%), mean LMTT disposition index (-0.03 vs. -0.36, respectively, P = 0.011; baseline = 2.59), mean HDL cholesterol (0.8 vs. -4.2%, respectively, P = 0.015; baseline = 44.3 mg/dL), and mean serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] (11.7 vs. -3.3, respectively, P = 0.022; baseline = 24.5 mug/L). Changes from baseline in LMTT Matsuda insulin sensitivity index (-0.10 vs. -0.49, respectively; baseline = 4.16) and mean HOMA2-beta-cell function (-2.0 vs. 5.3%, respectively; baseline = 72.6%) did not differ significantly between treatments., CONCLUSION: These results suggest that SSP consumption is associated with less favorable values for HOMA2-%S, LMTT disposition index, HDL cholesterol, and serum 25(OH)D in men and women at risk of T2DM vs. baseline values and values during dairy product consumption. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01936935. Copyright © 2015 American Society for Nutrition.
Evaluation of the tolerability and safety of a 0.015% ingenol mebutate gel compared to 5% 5-fluorouracil cream for the treatment of facial actinic keratosis: a prospective randomized trial.; BACKGROUND: Five per cent 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) cream is a well-established treatment for actinic keratosis (AK), and ingenol mebutate gel (IMB) is a novel topical field-directed therapy., OBJECTIVE: To compare the tolerability and safety of IMB with that of 5-FU for the treatment of facial AK., METHODS: An open-label, prospective, randomized, controlled clinical trial with 100 patients with AKs within a 25-cm(2) contiguous field on the face was conducted. IMB was applied daily for three consecutive days. 5-FU was applied twice a day for 4 weeks. The treatment effect and the adverse events were evaluated at baseline and on days 2, 3, 4, 8, 15, 22, 29, 36 and 43 for intent-to-treat populations., RESULTS: The mean (+/- SD) maximum local skin reactions (LSR) for patients treated with IMB was 10.85 (+/- 3.12), compared with 10.86 (+/- 3.55) for those who received 5-FU. Patients in the IMB group presented LSR that peaked at day 4 and almost completely regressed after 15 days. Differently, in the 5-FU group, the LSR peaked at day 29 and lasted until visit 36. Additionally, the area under the curve (LSR x visit) was significantly smaller for IMB. No differences between the treatments for pruritus, pain, tearing, conjunctival hyperaemia or headaches were noted, but the eyelid oedema rate was higher for IMB group. No significant difference in the proportion of dropouts was observed between groups. Both treatments demonstrated a suitable safety profile., CONCLUSION: For treating AKs, the local skin reactions in the IMB group were more short-lived compared with those of 5-FU, but both treatments seemed to be safe and tolerable. Copyright © 2015 European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Safety evaluation of the consumption of high dose milk fat globule membrane in healthy adults: a double-blind, randomized controlled trial with parallel group design.; Consumption of milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) in combination with habitual exercise suppresses age-associated muscle loss. The effects of high dose MFGM, however, are not known. A double-blind, randomized controlled trial with parallel group design was conducted to evaluate the safety of consuming high dose MFGM tablets. The subjects were 32 healthy adult men and women. Subjects were given 5 times the recommended daily intake of the tablets containing 6.5 g of MFGM or whole milk powder for 4 weeks. Stomach discomfort and diarrhea were observed; however, these symptoms were transitory and slight and were not related to consumption of the test tablets. In addition, there were no clinically significant changes in anthropometric measurements or blood tests. Total degree of safety assessed by the physicians of all subjects was "safe." These findings suggest that consumption of the tablets containing 6.5 g MFGM for 4 weeks is safe for healthy adults.
Oral lactoferrin for the prevention of sepsis and necrotizing enterocolitis in preterm infants.; BACKGROUND: Lactoferrin, a normal component of human colostrum and milk, can enhance host defense and may be effective in the prevention of sepsis and necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) in preterm neonates., OBJECTIVES: Primary objective To assess the safety and effectiveness of oral lactoferrin in the prevention of sepsis and NEC in preterm neonates. Secondary objectives1. To determine the effects of oral lactoferrin used to prevent neonatal sepsis and/or NEC on duration of positive-pressure ventilation, development of chronic lung disease (CLD) or periventricular leukomalacia (PVL), length of hospital stay to discharge among survivors, and adverse neurological outcomes at two years of age or later.2. To determine the adverse effects of oral lactoferrin in the prophylaxis of neonatal sepsis and/or NEC.When data were available, we analyzed the following subgroups.1. Gestational age < 32 weeks and 32 to 36 weeks.2. Birth weight < 1000 g (extremely low birth weight (ELBW) infants) and birth weight < 1500 g (very low birth weight (VLBW) infants). 3. Type of feeding: breast milk versus formula milk., SEARCH METHODS: We used the search strategy of the Cochrane Neonatal Review Group (CNRG) and updated our search in July 2014. We searched the databases Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, PREMEDLINE, EMBASE, and the Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL), as well as trials registries and conference proceedings., SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating oral lactoferrin at any dose or duration to prevent sepsis or NEC in preterm neonates., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Review authors used standard methods of the CNRG., MAIN RESULTS: Four RCTs are included in this review. Oral lactoferrin supplementation decreased late-onset sepsis (typical risk ratio (RR) 0.49, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.32 to 0.73; typical risk difference (RD) -0.09, 95% CI -0.14 to -0.04; number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) 11, 95% CI 7 to 25; four trials, 678 participants, moderate-quality evidence), NEC stage II or greater (typical RR 0.30, 95% CI 0.12 to 0.76; typical RD -0.05, 95% CI -0.08 to -0.01; NNTB 20, 95% CI 12.5 to 100; two studies, 505 participants, low-quality evidence), and "all-cause mortality" (typical RR 0.30, 95% CI 0.12 to 0.75; typical RD -0.05, 95% CI -0.08 to -0.01; NNTB 20, 95% CI 12.5 to 100; two studies, 505 participants, low-quality evidence). Oral lactoferrin supplementation with a probiotic decreased late-onset sepsis (RR 0.27, 95% CI 0.12 to 0.60; RD -0.13, 95% CI -0.19 to -0.06; NNTB 8, 95% CI 5 to 17; one study, 321 participants, low-quality evidence) and NEC stage II or greater (RR 0.04, 95% CI 0.00 to 0.62; RD -0.05, 95% CI -0.08 to -0.03; NNTB 20, 95% CI 12.5 to 33.3; one study, 496 participants, low-quality evidence), but not "all-cause mortality."Oral lactoferrin with or without probiotics decreased fungal sepsis but not chronic lung disease or length of hospital stay (from one study, low-quality evidence). No adverse effects were reported. Long-term neurological outcomes or periventricular leukomalacia was not evaluated., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: Evidence of moderate to low quality suggests that oral lactoferrin prophylaxis with or without probiotics decreases late-onset sepsis and NEC stage II or greater in preterm infants without adverse effects. Completion of ongoing trials will provide evidence from more than 6000 preterm neonates and may enhance the quality of the evidence. Clarifications regarding optimum dosing regimens, type of lactoferrin (human or bovine), and long-term outcomes are still needed.
Randomized controlled trial of the prophylactic effect of urea-based cream on sorafenib-associated hand-foot skin reactions in patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma.; PURPOSE: To assess whether urea-based cream (UBC) has prophylactic benefits on sorafenib-induced hand-foot skin reaction (HFSR) in patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC)., PATIENTS AND METHODS: In this randomized, open-label trial, 871 patients with advanced HCC throughout China were treated with 10% UBC three times per day plus best supportive care (BSC; n = 439) or BSC alone excluding all creams (n = 432), starting on day 1 of sorafenib treatment, for up to 12 weeks. HFSR was assessed every 2 weeks and at 14 weeks for patients completing the study. Once HFSR occurred, patients were allowed any cream, including a UBC., RESULTS: The 12-week incidence of any grade HFSR was significantly lower in the UBC group versus the BSC-alone group (56.0% v 73.6%, respectively; odds ratio [OR], 0.457; 95% CI, 0.344 to 0.608; P < .001), as was the incidence of grade >= 2 HFSR (20.7% v 29.2%, respectively; OR, 0.635; 95% CI, 0.466 to 0.866; P = .004). Median time to first occurrence of HFSR was significantly longer in the UBC group than the BSC-alone group (84 v 34 days, respectively; hazard ratio, 0.658; 95% CI, 0.541 to 0.799; P < .001). Elevated AST was associated with increased risk of HFSR but did not alter the treatment effect of UBC. UBC plus BSC, compared with BSC alone, did not affect the sorafenib dose reduction or interruption rate (9.1% v 11.8%, respectively; P = .1937), response rate (11.1% v 10.1%, respectively; P = .6674), or disease control rate (98.8% v 98.2%, respectively; P = .5350) at week 12., CONCLUSION: UBC prophylaxis in patients with advanced HCC starting sorafenib reduced HFSR rates, extended the time to first occurrence of HFSR, and improved patient quality of life compared with BSC. Blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled trials to determine the role of UBC on the incidence and severity of HFSR are warranted. Copyright © 2015 by American Society of Clinical Oncology.
Effects of exercise and milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) supplementation on body composition, physical function, and hematological parameters in community-dwelling frail Japanese women: a randomized double blind, placebo-controlled, follow-up trial.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the combined and separate effects of exercise and milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) supplementation on frailty, physical function, physical activity level, and hematological parameters in community-dwelling elderly Japanese women., METHODS: A total of 131 frail, elderly women over 75 years were randomly assigned to one of four groups: exercise and MFGM supplementation (Ex+MFGM), exercise and placebo (Ex+Plac), MFGM supplementation, or the placebo group. The exercise group attended a 60-minute training program twice a week for three months, and the MFGM group ingested 1g of the MFGM supplement in pill form, daily for 3 months. The primary outcome measure was change in frailty status based on Fried's frailty phenotype. Secondary outcome measures included body composition, physical function and hematological parameters, and interview survey components assessing lifestyle factors. Participants were followed for 4 months post-intervention., RESULTS: Significant group x time interactions were observed for usual walking speed (P = 0.005), timed up & go (P<0.001), and insulin-like growth factor-binding protein 3/insulin-like growth factor 1 ratio (P = 0.013). The frailty components revealed that weight loss, exhaustion, low physical activity, and slow walking speed were reversed, but low muscle strength did not significantly changed. Frailty reversal rate was significantly higher in the Ex+MFGM (57.6%) than in the MFGM (28.1%) or placebo (30.3%) groups at post-intervention (chi2 = 8.827, P = 0.032), and at the follow-up was also significantly greater in the Ex+MFGM (45.5%) and Ex+Plac (39.4%) groups compared with the placebo (15.2%) group (chi2 = 8.607, P = 0.035). The exercise+MFGM group had the highest odds ratio (OR) for frailty reversal at post-intervention and follow-up (OR = 3.12, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.13-8.60; and OR = 4.67, 95% CI = 1.45-15.08, respectively)., CONCLUSION: This study suggests that interventions including exercise and nutrition can improve frailty status. Statistically significant additive effects of MFGM with exercise could not be confirmed in this population, and further investigation in larger samples is necessary., TRIAL REGISTRATION: The Japan Medical Association Clinical Trial Registry (JMACCT)JMA-IIA00069.
A high whey protein-, leucine-, and vitamin D-enriched supplement preserves muscle mass during intentional weight loss in obese older adults: a double-blind randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Intentional weight loss in obese older adults is a risk factor for muscle loss and sarcopenia., OBJECTIVE: The objective was to examine the effect of a high whey protein-, leucine-, and vitamin D-enriched supplement on muscle mass preservation during intentional weight loss in obese older adults., DESIGN: We included 80 obese older adults in a double-blind randomized controlled trial. During a 13-wk weight loss program, all subjects followed a hypocaloric diet (-600 kcal/d) and performed resistance training 3x/wk. Subjects were randomly allocated to a high whey protein-, leucine-, and vitamin D-enriched supplement including a mix of other macro- and micronutrients (150 kcal, 21 g protein; 10x/wk, intervention group) or an isocaloric control. The primary outcome was change in appendicular muscle mass. The secondary outcomes were body composition, handgrip strength, and physical performance. Data were analyzed by using ANCOVA and mixed linear models with sex and baseline value as covariates., RESULTS: At baseline, mean +/- SD age was 63 +/- 5.6 y, and body mass index (in kg/m(2)) was 33 +/- 4.4. During the trial, protein intake was 1.11 +/- 0.28 g . kg body weight(-1) . d(-1) in the intervention group compared with 0.85 +/- 0.24 g . kg body weight(-1) . d(-1) in the control group (P < 0.001). Both intervention and control groups decreased in body weight (-3.4 +/- 3.6 kg and -2.8 +/- 2.8 kg; both P < 0.001) and fat mass (-3.2 +/- 3.1 kg and -2.5 +/- 2.4 kg; both P < 0.001), with no differences between groups. The 13-wk change in appendicular muscle mass, however, was different in the intervention and control groups [+0.4 +/- 1.2 kg and -0.5 +/- 2.1 kg, respectively; beta = 0.95 kg (95% CI: 0.09, 1.81); P = 0.03]. Muscle strength and function improved over time without significant differences between groups., CONCLUSION: A high whey protein-, leucine-, and vitamin D-enriched supplement compared with isocaloric control preserves appendicular muscle mass in obese older adults during a hypocaloric diet and resistance exercise program and might therefore reduce the risk of sarcopenia. This trial was registered at the Dutch Trial Register (http://www.trialregister.nl) as NTR2751. Copyright © 2015 American Society for Nutrition.
Whey protein supplementation preserves postprandial myofibrillar protein synthesis during short-term energy restriction in overweight and obese adults.; BACKGROUND: Higher dietary energy as protein during weight loss results in a greater loss of fat mass and retention of muscle mass; however, the impact of protein quality on the rates of myofibrillar protein synthesis (MPS) and lipolysis, processes that are important in the maintenance of muscle and loss of fat, respectively, are unknown., OBJECTIVE: We aimed to determine how the consumption of different sources of proteins (soy or whey) during a controlled short-term (14-d) hypoenergetic diet affected MPS and lipolysis., METHODS: Men (n = 19) and women (n = 21) (age 35-65 y; body mass index 28-50 kg/m(2)) completed a 14-d controlled hypoenergetic diet (-750 kcal/d). Participants were randomly assigned, double blind, to receive twice-daily supplements of isolated whey (27 g/supplement) or soy (26 g/supplement), providing a total protein intake of 1.3 +/- 0.1 g/(kg . d), or isoenergetic carbohydrate (25 g maltodextrin/supplement) resulting in a total protein intake of 0.7 +/- 0.1 g/(kg . d). Before and after the dietary intervention, primed continuous infusions of L-[ring-(13)C6] phenylalanine and [(2)H5]-glycerol were used to measure postabsorptive and postprandial rates of MPS and lipolysis., RESULTS: Preintervention, MPS was stimulated more (P < 0.05) with ingestion of whey than with soy or carbohydrate. Postintervention, postabsorptive MPS decreased similarly in all groups (all P < 0.05). Postprandial MPS was reduced by 9 +/- 1% in the whey group, which was less (P < 0.05) than the reduction in soy and carbohydrate groups (28 +/- 5% and 31 +/- 5%, respectively; both P < 0.05) after the intervention. Lipolysis was suppressed during the postprandial period (P < 0.05), but more so with ingestion of carbohydrate (P < 0.05) than soy or whey., CONCLUSION: We conclude that whey protein supplementation attenuated the decline in postprandial rates of MPS after weight loss, which may be of importance in the preservation of lean mass during longer-term weight loss interventions. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01530646. Copyright © 2015 American Society for Nutrition.
Consumption of a whey protein-enriched diet may prevent hepatic steatosis associated with weight gain in elderly women.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Protein consumption has been associated with cardio-metabolic benefits, including weight loss and improved insulin sensitivity, and may have potential benefits for individuals with fatty liver disease (FLD). We investigated the effect of increasing dietary protein intake from whey relative to carbohydrate on hepatic steatosis., METHODS AND RESULTS: A two-year randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of 30 g/day whey protein-supplemented beverage (protein) or an energy-matched low-protein high-carbohydrate beverage (control) for cardio-metabolic and bone health in 219 healthy elderly women, recruited from the Western Australian general population. Hepatic steatosis was quantified using computed tomographic liver-to-spleen (L/S) ratio. FLD was defined as liver-to-spleen difference <10 Hounsfield units. At baseline, FLD prevalence was 11.4%. Control and protein groups were similar in body mass index (BMI), insulin resistance, L/S ratio and FLD prevalence at baseline. At two-years, dietary protein increased by 20 g in the protein, but not the control, group. Total energy intake and physical activity remained similar between groups. At two-years, BMI and FLD prevalence increased in both groups, with no between group differences. L/S ratio increased in control, but not protein, group at two-years, with no between group differences. In a within group comparison, change in BMI correlated with changes in L/S ratio in control (r = 0.37, P = 0.0007), but not with protein group (r = 0.04, P = 0.73)., CONCLUSION: Increasing dietary protein intake from whey relative to carbohydrate does not reduce weight, hepatic steatosis or the prevalence of FLD in elderly women. However, it may prevent worsening of hepatic steatosis associated with weight gain., CLINICAL TRIALS REGISTRATION: Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry (Registration no. ACTRN012607000163404). Copyright © 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Probiotic supplementation prevents high-fat, overfeeding-induced insulin resistance in human subjects.; The purpose of the present study was to determine whether probiotic supplementation (Lactobacillus casei Shirota (LcS)) prevents diet-induced insulin resistance in human subjects. A total of seventeen healthy subjects were randomised to either a probiotic (n 8) or a control (n 9) group. The probiotic group consumed a LcS-fermented milk drink twice daily for 4 weeks, whereas the control group received no supplementation. Subjects maintained their normal diet for the first 3 weeks of the study, after which they consumed a high-fat (65 % of energy), high-energy (50 % increase in energy intake) diet for 7 d. Whole-body insulin sensitivity was assessed by an oral glucose tolerance test conducted before and after overfeeding. Body mass increased by 0.6 (SE 0.2) kg in the control group (P< 0.05) and by 0.3 (SE 0.2) kg in the probiotic group (P>0.05). Fasting plasma glucose concentrations increased following 7 d of overeating (control group: 5.3 (SE 0.1) v. 5.6 (SE 0.2) mmol/l before and after overfeeding, respectively, P< 0.05), whereas fasting serum insulin concentrations were maintained in both groups. Glucose AUC values increased by 10 % (from 817 (SE 45) to 899 (SE 39) mmol/l per 120 min, P< 0.05) and whole-body insulin sensitivity decreased by 27 % (from 5.3 (SE 1.4) to 3.9 (SE 0.9), P< 0.05) in the control group, whereas normal insulin sensitivity was maintained in the probiotic group (4.4 (SE 0.8) and 4.5 (SE 0.9) before and after overeating, respectively (P>0.05). These results suggest that probiotic supplementation may be useful in the prevention of diet-induced metabolic diseases such as type 2 diabetes.
Estimating the causal effect of milk powder supplementation on bone mineral density: a randomized controlled trial with both non-compliance and loss to follow-up.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Although previous studies reported that calcium supplementation can effectively improve bone mineral density in postmenopausal women, some studies showed the reverse conclusion. One of the reasons was that most of the studies did not take into full consideration the information of noncompliers, which seriously influenced the precision of conclusion. The aim of this paper was to investigate the effect of calcium supplementation on bone mineral density with correcting impact of noncompliance using the complier average causal effect (CACE)., SUBJECTS/METHODS: A randomized controlled trial was designed to investigate the effect of high-calcium milk powder on bone mineral density. One hundred and forty-one postmenopausal women were randomly assigned to either a control group (n=72) or a milk powder supplementation group (n=69). The participants in the intervention group took 50 g of high-calcium milk powder containing 450 mg of elemental calcium and 400 IU vitamin D every morning and evening, respectively. The effects of the intervention on the primary outcome, bone mineral density, were assessed using the CACE model and intention-to-treat (ITT) and per-protocol (PP) analyses., RESULTS: Using the CACE model, the calcium supplementation was found to significantly reduce the bone loss at the lumbar spine compared with the control group at 24 months when adjusting the covariates (effect size 1.170, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.376~1.964, P=0.0040). At the hip site, there was no significant difference between the calcium group and the control group. Compared with the control group, no significant weight gain was found in the calcium group over 24 months. However, the calcium group had less height loss at 24 months (effect size 1.040, 95% CI 0.012~2.066, P=0.0470) than the control group. High-density lipoprotein was significantly increased in the calcium group at 12 months (effect size 0.120, 95% CI 0.009~0.232, P=0.0340). Serum total cholesterol, triglyceride and low-density lipoprotein were not affected over 24 months. The estimates of complier average causal effect of latent ignorability model with missing data assumption of latent ignorability were consistent with the CACE estimates., CONCLUSION: Consumption of high-calcium milk powder is effective in reducing the bone loss at the lumbar spine among healthy postmenopausal women. Supplementing with high-calcium milk powder had additional benefits of reducing height loss.
Three-Arm Randomized Phase III Trial: Quality Aloe and Placebo Cream Versus Powder as Skin Treatment During Breast Cancer Radiation Therapy.; BACKGROUND: The efficacy of aloe extract in reducing radiation-induced skin injury is controversial. The purpose of the present 3-arm randomized trial was to test the efficacy of quality-tested aloe extract in reducing the severity of radiation-induced skin injury and, secondarily, to examine the effect of a moist cream versus a dry powder skin care regimen., MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 248 patients with breast cancer were randomized to powder, aloe cream, or placebo cream. Acute skin toxicity was scored weekly and after treatment at weeks 1, 2, and 4 using a modified 10-point Catterall scale. The patients scored their symptom severity using a 6-point Likert scale and kept an acute phase diary., RESULTS: The aloe formulation did not reduce acute skin toxicity or symptom severity. Patients with a greater body mass index were more likely to develop acute skin toxicity. A similar pattern of increased skin reaction toxicity occurred with both study creams compared with the dry powder regimen., CONCLUSION: No evidence was found to support prophylactic application of quality aloe extract or cream to improve the symptoms or reduce the skin reaction severity. Our results support a dry skin care regimen of powder during radiation therapy. Copyright © 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Dietary plant stanols or sterols neither accumulate in stenotic aortic valves nor influence their structure or inflammatory status.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Consumption of plant stanols and plant sterols decreases LDL cholesterol level and increases serum concentrations of plant stanols/sterols, but it is practically unexplored whether also their tissue concentrations increase. Thus, the aim of this study was to assess whether consuming plant stanols/sterols increases their concentrations in stenotic aortic valves and affect the valvular structure (collagen and elastin) or inflammation (macrophages and mast cells)., METHODS: In a randomized, double-blind controlled intervention patients with severe aortic stenosis consumed margarine without (n = 11) or with 2 g of plant stanols (n = 12) or sterols (n = 13) until valve replacement surgery (2.6 months, on average). The effects of sitostanol and sitosterol on the expression and secretion of proinflammatory cytokines by cultured aortic valve myofibroblasts were also assessed., RESULTS: Control-related LDL-cholesterol was diminished by 16% (p < 0.05) by plant stanol and by 11% (NS) by plant sterol consumption, respectively. In the resected valves, cholesterol, plant stanol and sterol levels were similar in all groups. Consumed plant stanols or sterols had no effect on valvular structure or mast cell or macrophage numbers in valves. Incubation of cultured myofibroblasts derived from stenotic valves with sitostanol or sitosterol decreased mRNA expression of the monocyte chemotactic protein-1 (p < 0.05) and interleukin-1 beta (p < 0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: In this study, plant stanol/sterol consumption did not affect cholesterol, plant stanol or sterol levels in stenotic aortic valves; neither did they influence the structure or the inflammatory status of the valves. However, these findings need to be confirmed in a larger-scale intervention. ClinicalTrials.govRegister #NCT00738933. Copyright © 2015 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Effect of increased intake of skimmed milk, casein, whey or water on body composition and leptin in overweight adolescents: a randomized trial.; BACKGROUNDS: Dairy proteins may support muscle protein synthesis and improve satiety in adults. However, there are limited studies using exact measures of body composition, especially in adolescents., OBJECTIVES: This study investigates the effect of milk proteins and water on body composition and leptin in overweight adolescents., METHODS: Subjects (n = 193) aged 12-15 years were randomized to drink 1 L d(-1) of skimmed milk, whey, casein (all milk-based drinks 35 g protein L(-1) ) or water for 12 weeks. Twenty participants dropped out. A pre-test control group of 32 adolescents was examined 12 weeks before start of intervention. Outcomes included leptin and dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry scanning. The effects of the milk-based drinks on body composition and leptin were compared with baseline, pre-test control and water., RESULTS: Lean mass index (LMI) increased compared to baseline (all 95% confidence intervals 0.05-0.50 kg m(-2) , all P <= 0.009) and the pre-test control group (0.044-0.247 kg m(-2) , P <= 0.002) for all four test drinks. Fat mass index (FMI) increased only for milk-based drink groups compared with baseline (0.15-0.67 kg m(-2) , P < 0.001) and also compared with water (0.029-0.255 kg m(-2) , P <= 0.011). For pre-test control, there was no change in FMI or LMI. Leptin increased in the casein (1.016-3.246 ng mL(-1) , P < 0.001; 0.952-3.294 ng mL(-1) , P < 0.001) and whey groups (0.135-2.273 ng mL(-1) , P = 0.027; 0.069-2.322, P = 0.038) compared with water and pre-test control group, respectively., CONCLUSIONS: Although milk proteins increased LMI in overweight adolescents, there was a concurrent increase in FMI and leptin, whereas water only resulted in increased LMI. Thus, increased water intake may be beneficial for body composition in overweight adolescents. Copyright © 2015 World Obesity.
Recommended dairy product intake modulates circulating fatty acid profile in healthy adults: a multi-centre cross-over study.; Dairy products are rich sources of an array of fatty acids (FA) that have been shown individually and in certain clusters to exert varying effects on cardiovascular health, for which the circulating lipid profile is a powerful biomarker. Whether the profile of these FA is reflected in blood upon short terms of intake, possibly contributing to the lipid-related health impacts of dairy products, remains to be fully established. The objectives of the present study were to assess a recommended dairy product consumption in relation to circulating FA and lipid profiles, and to evaluate certain FA in dairy fat as potential biomarkers of intake. In a free-living, multi-centre, cross-over design, 124 healthy individuals consumed 3 servings/d of commercial dairy (DAIRY; 1% fat milk, 1.5% fat yogurt and 34% fat cheese) or energy-equivalent control (CONTROL; fruit and vegetable juice, cashews and a cookie) products for 4 weeks each, separated by a 4-week washout period. Plasma FA and serum lipid profiles were assessed by standard methods at the end of each dietary phase. After 4 weeks of intake, plasma levels of FA pentadecanoic acid (15 : 0) and heptadecanoic acid (17 : 0) were higher (0.26 v. 0.22% and 0.42 v. 0.39% of the total identified FA, respectively) after the DAIRY phase than after the CONTROL phase (P< 0.0001). This was accompanied by a small but significant increase in serum LDL-cholesterol levels after the DAIRY phase compared with the CONTROL phase (+0.08 mmol/l; P= 0.04). In conclusion, intake of 3 servings/d of conventional dairy products may modify certain circulating FA and lipid profiles within 4 weeks, where 15 : 0 and 17 : 0 may be potential short-term biomarkers of intake.
Dairy product consumption and the metabolic syndrome.; AIMS: To briefly summarize findings from epidemiological studies on the relationship between dairy product consumption and the metabolic syndrome(MetS)., MATERIALS AND METHODS: A search for relevant literature was undertaken on Web of Science, Google scholar, Pubmed (2000 to July 2013), to identify observational studies which examined the association between dairy intake and MetS (prevalence or incidence), and for any randomized controlled trials investigating the effect of dairy intake on MetS., RESULTS: Here we review the physiological effects and possible mechanisms involved of three main dairy constituents (calcium (Ca), protein, fat) on important components of the MetS. Effects of Ca may be related to intestinal binding to fatty acids or bile acids, or to changes in intracellular Ca metabolism by suppressing calciotropic hormones. Dietary proteins may increase satiety in both the short and longer term, which may result in a reduced energy intake. Dairy proteins are precursors of angiotensin-I converting enzyme-inhibitory peptides, which may lower blood pressure. To reduce the intake of saturated fatty acids (SFA), the consumption of low-fat instead of high-fat dairy products is recommended., CONCLUSION: More research is warranted to better understand the physiological effects and the mechanisms involved of dairy products in the prevention and treatment of the MetS. Copyright © 2014 Diabetes India. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Impact of milk consumption on cardiometabolic risk in postmenopausal women with abdominal obesity.; BACKGROUND: The impact of dairy intake on cardiometabolic risk factors associated with metabolic syndrome (MetS) needs further research., OBJECTIVE: To investigate the impact of milk consumption on a wide array of cardiometabolic risk factors associated with MetS (blood lipids, cholesterol homeostasis, glucose homeostasis, systemic inflammation, blood pressure, endothelial function) in postmenopausal women with abdominal obesity., METHODS: In this randomized, crossover study, 27 women with abdominal obesity consumed two 6-week diets based on the National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP), one with 3.2 servings/d of 2% fat milk per 2000 kcal (MILK) and one without milk or other dairy (NCEP). The macronutrient composition of both diets was comparable (55% carbohydrates, 15% proteins, 30% fat and 10% saturated fat)., RESULTS: The MILK diet had no significant effect on LDL-C, triglycerides, LDL size, CRP and cell adhesion molecule concentrations and on indicators of insulin sensitivity. The MILK diet reduced HDL-C, adiponectin, endothelin and fasting glucose levels as well blood pressure (all P <= 0.01), but those changes were comparable to those seen with the NCEP milk-free diet (all between-diet P >= 0.07). Finally, the MILK diet was associated with lower VLDL apolipoprotein B fractional catabolic rate (-13.4%; P = 0.04) and plasma sterol concentrations (-12.0%; P = 0.04) compared with the control NCEP milk-free diet., CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that short-term consumption of low fat milk in the context of a prudent NCEP diet has no favorable nor deleterious effect on cardiometabolic risk factors associated with MetS in postmenopausal women with abdominal obesity.
Perinatal pharmacokinetics of azithromycin for cesarean prophylaxis.; OBJECTIVE: Postpartum infections are polymicrobial and typically include Ureaplasma, an intracellular microbe that is treated by macrolides such as azithromycin. The aim of this study was to evaluate the perinatal pharmacokinetics of azithromycin after a single preincision dose before cesarean delivery., STUDY DESIGN: Thirty women who underwent scheduled cesarean delivery were assigned randomly to receive 500 mg of intravenous azithromycin that was initiated 15, 30, or 60 minutes before incision and infused over 1 hour. Serial maternal plasma samples were drawn from the end of infusion up to 8 hours after the infusion. Samples of amniotic fluid, umbilical cord blood, placenta, myometrium, and adipose tissue were collected intraoperatively. Breast milk samples were collected 12-48 hours after the infusion in 8 women who were breastfeeding. Azithromycin was quantified with high performance liquid chromatography separation coupled with tandem mass spectrometry detection. Plasma pharmacokinetic parameters were estimated with the use of noncompartmental analysis and compartmental modeling and simulations., RESULTS: The maximum maternal plasma concentration was reached within 1 hour and exceeded the in vitro minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC50) of 250 ng/mL of Ureaplasma spp in all 30 patients. The concentrations were sustained with a half-life of 6.7 hours. The median concentration of azithromycin in adipose tissue was 102 ng/g, which was below the MIC50. The median concentration in myometrium was 402 ng/g, which exceeded the MIC50. Azithromycin was detectable in both the umbilical cord plasma and amniotic fluid after the single preoperative dose. Azithromycin concentrations in breast milk were high and were sustained up to 48 hours after the single dose. Simulations demonstrated accumulation in breast milk after multiple doses., CONCLUSION: A single dose of azithromycin achieves effective plasma and tissue concentrations and is transported rapidly across the placenta. The tissue concentrations that are achieved in the myometrium exceed the MIC50 for Ureaplasma spp. Copyright © 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of hand paddles and parachute on butterfly coordination.; This study investigated the effects of hand paddles, parachute and hand paddles plus parachute on the inter-limb coordination of butterfly swimming. Thirteen male swimmers were evaluated in four random maximal intensity conditions: without equipment, with hand paddles, with parachute and with hand paddles + parachute. Arm and leg stroke phases were identified by 2D video analysis to calculate the total time gap (T1: time between hands' entry in the water and high break-even point of the first undulation; T2: time between the beginning of the hand's backward movement and low break-even point of the first undulation; T3: time between the hand's arrival in a vertical plane to the shoulders and high break-even point of the second undulation; T4: time between the hand's release from the water and low break-even point of the second undulation). The swimming velocity was reduced and T1, T2 and T3 increased in parachute and hand paddles + parachute. No changes were observed in T4. Total time gap decreased in parachute and hand paddles + parachute. It is concluded that hand paddles do not influence the arm-to-leg coordination in butterfly, while parachute and hand paddles + parachute do change it, providing a greater propulsive continuity.
Photodynamic therapy versus topical imiquimod versus topical fluorouracil for treatment of superficial basal-cell carcinoma: a single blind, non-inferiority, randomised controlled trial: a critical appraisal.; AIM: Arits et al. aimed to assess whether the effectiveness of imiquimod and fluorouracil is not inferior to methyl aminolaevulinic acid (MAL) photodynamic therapy (PDT) in patients with superficial basal cell carcinoma., SETTING AND DESIGN: This single-blind, noninferiority, randomized controlled trial was conducted at one coordinating academic hospital and six peripheral dermatological departments in the Netherlands between March 2008 and August 2010., STUDY EXPOSURE: Patients with a superficial basal cell carcinoma were randomly assigned to be treated with PDT (two treatments); or imiquimod 5% cream, once daily five times a week for 6 weeks; or fluorouracil 5% cream twice daily for 4 weeks. Follow-up visits were planned after 3 months and 1 year., OUTCOMES: The primary outcome was defined as the probability that a patient was free of tumour reoccurrence at both 3 and 12 months' follow-up. Secondary outcomes were aesthetic outcome of the treated area, compliance and adverse reactions., RESULTS: In total 911 patients were assessed for eligibility, of whom 601 were randomized: 202 to receive MAL-PDT, 198 to receive imiquimod cream and 201 to receive fluorouracil cream. The proportions (95% confidence intervals) of patients tumour free at both 3 and 12 months were 72.8% (66.8-79.4) for MAL-PDT, 83.4% (78.2-88.9) for imiquimod cream and 80.1% (74.7-85.9) for fluorouracil cream. For patients treated with MAL-PDT, moderate-to-severe pain and burning sensation were reported most often during the treatment itself. For the creams, moderate-to-severe local swelling, erosion, crust formation and itching of the skin were mentioned most often., CONCLUSIONS: Arits et al. conclude that topical fluorouracil was noninferior and imiquimod was superior to MAL-PDT for treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma. Imiquimod cream is suggested as the preferred treatment. Copyright © 2015 British Association of Dermatologists.
Dietary changes associated with improvement of metabolic syndrome components in postmenopausal women receiving two different nutrition interventions.; OBJECTIVE: This study aims to examine the association between dietary changes and improvement of metabolic syndrome components in Mexican postmenopausal women receiving two different nutrition interventions., METHODS: Women (n = 118) with metabolic syndrome were randomly assigned to group 1 (n = 63; structured hypocaloric diet) or group 2 (n = 55; behavioral therapy). Metabolic and nutrition assessment was performed at baseline and after 2, 4, and 6 months of intervention. Dietary changes throughout the study and achievement of cardioprotective dietary goals were assessed at the end of the intervention., RESULTS: There was a significant increase in the number of women who met recommended servings for fruits/vegetables, low-fat dairy, and sugars in both groups. In group 1, elimination of high-energy refined grains increased the probability of having normal fasting glucose (relative risk, 1.514; 95% CI, 0.989-2.316; P = 0.035). In this group, women who met the low-fat dairy goal at the end of the study had lower diastolic blood pressure (P = 0.012) and higher high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P = 0.001). In group 2, women who met the high-fat dairy goal had greater probability of having normal fasting glucose (relative risk, 1.915; 95% CI, 1.123-3.266; P = 0.026). In all women, exclusion of high-fat dairy decreased by 60% the probability of having impaired fasting glucose (relative risk, 0.40; 95% CI, 0.181-0.906; P = 0.028)., CONCLUSIONS: Both strategies promote achievement of cardioprotective dietary goals for fruits/vegetables, sugars, soda and sweetened beverages, low-fat dairy, and high-energy refined grains, and improve some metabolic syndrome components. Elimination of high-fat dairy decreases the risk of impaired fasting glucose. Dietary strategies should be flexible and individualized based on metabolic profile.
Dietary whey protein influences plasma satiety-related hormones and plasma amino acids in normal-weight adult women.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: A distinct suppressive effect of a whey protein (including glycomacropeptide)-enriched preload drink on subsequent food intake in comparison with a maltodextrin carbohydrate-enriched preload was demonstrated in an earlier companion study with the same female subjects; however, the potential mediators underlying the effect are unclear. The objective of this study was to investigate how the ingestion of a whey protein-enriched preload beverage affected postprandial plasma concentrations of several satiety-related gastrointestinal hormones and metabolites in comparison with a maltodextrin carbohydrate-enriched preload., SUBJECTS/METHODS: Eighteen normal-weight women were studied in a single-blind, randomized block design. Blood samples were collected at various time intervals for 120 min after consumption of a test drink (300 ml, ~1300 kJ) enriched (45 g) with either maltodextrin carbohydrate or whey protein containing naturally present glycomacropeptide., RESULTS: Plasma-active ghrelin concentrations decreased after both maltodextrin carbohydrate- and whey protein-enriched test drinks (P<0.05). The whey protein-enriched beverage led to increased plasma concentrations of cholecystokinin (CCK) at 60 and 75 min (P<0.05), glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) at 90 min (P<0.001), peptide tyrosine-tyrosine (PYY) at 90 and 120 min (P<0.01) and pancreatic polypeptide (PP) from 15 to 120 min (P<0.05) compared with maltodextrin carbohydrate. Total amino acid, urea and ammonia plasma concentrations were also higher after whey protein compared with maltodextrin carbohydrate ingestion (P<0.01)., CONCLUSIONS: Increased plasma concentrations of some gastrointestinal hormones related to satiety, particularly PP, and of amino acids and their metabolites, may have acted either singly or together to mediate the observed satiety response to whey protein.
Effects of margarine enriched with plant sterol esters from rapeseed and tall oils on markers of endothelial function, inflammation and hemostasis.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: The sterol profile of rapeseed oil differs from that of tall oil with higher contents of campesterol and brassicasterol. We previously found that margarines providing 2 g/day of sterols from rapeseed or tall oil resulted in similar reductions in LDL cholesterol of 8-9%. The aim of the present study was to investigate whether the consumption of these margarines affected markers of endothelial function, inflammation and hemostasis., METHODS: Blood samples were collected from 58 hypercholesterolemic volunteers who completed a double-blinded, randomized, crossover trial. Subjects consumed each of the two sterol margarines and a control non-sterol margarine for 4 weeks separated by one-week washout periods. All the margarines had the same fatty acid composition. Concentrations of vascular cell adhesion molecule-l (VCAM-1), E-selection, circulating tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNFalpha) and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (total, tPAI-1; active, PAI-1) were quantified., RESULTS: Rapeseed-sterol margarine reduced E-selection concentrations compared to the control margarine (p = 0.012) while tall-sterol margarine had no effect. The rapeseed-sterol margarine also reduced tPAI-1 (p = 0.008) compared to the tall-sterol margarine. No significant changes were observed in TNFalpha and VCAM-1. No association was found between LDL reduction and changes in E-selection and tPAI-1., CONCLUSION: Rapeseed-sterol margarine demonstrated favorable effects on vascular risk markers.
Long-term Effects of Plant Stanols on the Lipid Profile of Patients With Hypercholesterolemia. A Randomized Clinical Trial.; INTRODUCTION AND OBJECTIVES: Plant stanol consumption may improve long-term cholesterol control. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the effectiveness of 2g/day of plant stanols in reducing low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in patients with hypercholesterolemia., METHODS: This randomized, double-blind, and placebo-controlled study included 182 adults diagnosed with hypercholesterolemia. A yogurt drink containing 2g of plant stanols was administered to 91 participants in the intervention group; 91 participants in the control group received unsupplemented yogurt. The primary end point was the change in the lipid profile at 12 months., RESULTS: Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels at 12 months were significantly more reduced in the stanol intervention group than in the control group: 13.7 (95% confidence interval, 3.2-24.1) mg/dL (P=.011). A reduction of more than 10% in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol was achieved by a significantly higher proportion of participants in the intervention group (relative risk=1.7; 95% confidence interval, 1.1-2.7). In this group, the mean (standard deviation) level of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol decreased by 11.0% (23.9%)., CONCLUSIONS: Our results confirm that administration of plant stanols at a dosage of 2 g/day for 12 months significantly reduces (by slightly more than 10%) the concentrations of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in individuals with hypercholesterolemia. Trial registration (www.ClinicalTrials.gov): Current Controlled Trials NCT01406106. Copyright © 2014 Sociedad Espanola de Cardiologia. Published by Elsevier Espana, S.L.U. All rights reserved.
Impact of probiotic Lactobacillus plantarum TENSIA in different dairy products on anthropometric and blood biochemical indices of healthy adults.; The blood pressure-lowering effect of dairy products holds the potential to decrease the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). An open question is if the successful expression of functional properties of the probiotic strain depends on host biomarkers and/or food matrix properties. The probiotic Lactobacillus plantarum strain TENSIA R (DSM 21380) is a novel microorganism with antimicrobial and antihypertensive functional properties. The aim of this study was to characterise the functional properties of the probiotic L. plantarum TENSIA and compare its effects on host anthropometric, clinical, and blood biomarkers when consumed with cheese or yoghurt. This study involved two double-blinded randomised placebo-controlled exploratory trials (ISRCTN15061552 and ISRCTN79645828) of healthy adults over a three-week period. The three-week consumption of probiotic L. plantarum TENSIA in a daily dose of 1x1010 cfu in probiotic cheese or a daily dose of 6x109 cfu in yoghurt with different content of carbohydrates, proteins, and lipids did not significantly change the body mass index (BMI), plasma glucose and lipid levels, or inflammatory markers in the blood. Reduced lowered systolic and diastolic blood pressure values were detected, regardless of food matrix or baseline values for blood pressure and BMI. In conclusion, our study showed that three-week consumption of the probiotic L. plantarum TENSIA either in cheese or yoghurt lowered diastolic and systolic blood pressure regardless of food matrix and baseline values of blood pressure and BMI, confirming the impact of the functional properties of the probiotic strain in decreasing CVD risk.
Protein Ingestion Induces Muscle Insulin Resistance Independent of Leucine-Mediated mTOR Activation.; Increased plasma branched-chain amino acid concentrations are associated with insulin resistance, and intravenous amino acid infusion blunts insulin-mediated glucose disposal. We tested the hypothesis that protein ingestion impairs insulin-mediated glucose disposal by leucine-mediated mTOR signaling, which can inhibit AKT. We measured glucose disposal and muscle p-mTOR(Ser2448), p-AKT(Ser473), and p-AKT(Thr308) in 22 women during a hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp procedure with and without concomitant ingestion of whey protein (0.6 g/kg fat-free mass; n = 11) or leucine that matched the amount given with whey protein (n = 11). Both whey protein and leucine ingestion raised plasma leucine concentration by approximately twofold and muscle p-mTOR(Ser2448) by ~30% above the values observed in the control (no amino acid ingestion) studies; p-AKT(Ser473) and p-AKT(Thr308) were not affected by whey protein or leucine ingestion. Whey protein ingestion decreased insulin-mediated glucose disposal (median 38.8 [quartiles 30.8, 61.8] vs. 51.9 [41.0, 77.3] micromol glucose/microU insulin . mL(-1) . min(-1); P < 0.01), whereas ingestion of leucine did not (52.3 [43.3, 65.4] vs. 52.3 [43.9, 73.2]). These results indicate that 1) protein ingestion causes insulin resistance and could be an important regulator of postprandial glucose homeostasis and 2) the insulin-desensitizing effect of protein ingestion is not due to inhibition of AKT by leucine-mediated mTOR signaling. Copyright © 2015 by the American Diabetes Association. Readers may use this article as long as the work is properly cited, the use is educational and not for profit, and the work is not altered.
A comparison of dioctahedral smectite and iodine glycerin cream with topical mouth rinse in treatment of chemotherapy induced oral mucositis: a pilot study.; PURPOSE OF THE RESEARCH: To compare the efficacy of dioctahedral smectite and iodine glycerin (DSIG) cream with topical mouth rinse (composed of saline, gentamicin and Vitamin B12) in treatment of chemotherapy induced oral mucositis (OM)., METHODS AND SAMPLE: A total of 130 intensive chemotherapy or stem cells transplantation induced OM patients were recruited. Among these patients, 67 patients received topical mouth rinse and 63 patients received DSIG cream treatment. The OM would be treated on the OM appearance and sustained for 5 days. OM severity was measured daily using The American Oncology Nursing Society recommended Oral Assessment Guideline (OAG) score system., KEY RESULTS: Compared with topical mouth rinse treatment, a significant lower OAG score was observed in DSIG cream treated patients. Specifically, the OAG scores were respectively 12.1 +/- 1.1, 12.0 +/- 1.2, 11.3 +/- 1.3 and 10.4 +/- 1.3 from day 2 to day 5 in topical mouth rinse treatment subgroup. Correspondingly, the OAG scores were respectively 10.2 +/- 1.0, 9.3 +/- 0.9, 8.5 +/- 0.6 and 8.0 +/- 0.2 for DSIG cream treatment subset (all P < 0.05). Importantly, compared with topical mouth rinse treatment, the DSIG cream significantly shortened OM repair time (4.68 +/- 0.98 vs. 8.76 +/- 1.80 days, P < 0.001). After 5 days treatment, 54 patients (85.7%) obtained complete regression with an OAG score <=8, and 7 patients (11.1%) had partial regression with an OAG score of 9-10 in DSIG cream treatment subgroup. However, only 2 patients (3.0%) obtained completed regression and 32 patients (47.8%) had partial regression in topical mouth rinse treatment cohort. Moreover, no serious side-effect was observed in both cohorts., CONCLUSIONS: Compared with topical mouth rinse, DSIG cream significantly lowered the OAG score and shortened OM duration. Copyright © 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effects of lutein-enriched egg yolk in buttermilk or skimmed milk on serum lipids & lipoproteins of mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Earlier studies in our group suggested that traditionally prepared buttermilk influences cholesterol metabolism. We therefore designed a study to evaluate whether traditionally prepared buttermilk lowers serum low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and/or prevents the LDL-C raising effect of egg yolks., METHODS AND RESULTS: Mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects were randomly allocated to one of four diet groups consuming daily at lunch 80 ml skimmed milk with (n = 23) or without (n = 25) lutein-enriched egg yolk (28 g from 1.5 eggs providing 323 mg cholesterol) or traditionally prepared buttermilk with (n = 23) or without (n = 21) lutein-enriched egg yolk during a 12 week period. Fasting blood samples were taken to measure concentrations of serum lipids, (apo)lipoproteins, liver and kidney function markers, and plasma lutein, zeaxanthin and high-sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP). Egg yolk consumption significantly increased serum total cholesterol (total-C) (p = 0.035) and LDL-C concentrations (p = 0.022). Buttermilk did not change the effects of egg yolk on serum lipids and (apo)lipoproteins. There was a trend towards significant lower total-C (p = 0.077), but not LDL-C (p = 0.204) concentrations in the buttermilk groups. Plasma lutein and zeaxanthin concentrations increased significantly (p < 0.001) in the egg yolk groups., CONCLUSION: In mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects, daily consumption of traditionally prepared buttermilk for 12 weeks did not lower serum total-C or LDL-C concentrations, nor did it prevent the serum total-C and LDL-C raising effect of daily egg yolk consumption., REGISTRATION NUMBER: This study is registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01566305. Copyright © 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Intradialytic protein supplementation reduces inflammation and improves physical function in maintenance hemodialysis patients.; OBJECTIVE: Protein malnutrition is both a cause and consequence of inflammation and related comorbidities for maintenance hemodialysis (MHD) patients. This study sought to determine if oral supplementation with soy or whey protein during dialysis treatment reduces inflammation and improves physical function and body composition in MHD patients., DESIGN: The design used in the study was randomized controlled trial, and the setting used was hemodialysis clinics in Champaign and Chicago, Illinois., SUBJECTS: Patients who received treatment >=3 days/week, were ages >=30 years did not have congestive heart failure or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and were receiving dialysis treatment for >=3 months were eligible for inclusion., INTERVENTION: Patients were randomized to oral supplementation with a whey protein, soy protein, or placebo beverage. Patients (WHEY, n = 11; SOY, n = 12; CON, n = 15) consumed their assigned beverage before every dialysis session for 6 months., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Body composition was measured by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, physical function by gait speed and shuttle walk test, and markers of inflammation (C-reactive protein and interleukin 6) using commercially available enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay kits before and after the 6-month intervention. Dietary intake was assessed by 24-hour dietary recalls., RESULTS: Six months of whey or soy supplementation significantly reduced predialysis interleukin 6 levels (P < .05 for both), whereas there was a trend for a reduction in C-reactive protein when both protein groups were combined (P = .062). Gait speed and shuttle walk test performance also significantly improved in the protein groups (P < .05 for both). No changes in body composition were observed. However, alkaline phosphatase, a marker of bone turnover, was significantly reduced in the protein groups., CONCLUSIONS: Intradialytic protein supplementation during a 6-month intervention reduced inflammation and improved physical function and represents an affordable intervention to improve the health of MHD patients. Copyright © 2015 National Kidney Foundation, Inc. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Predictors of sustained maternal milk feeds in extremely preterm infants.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the predictors of maternal milk feeds (MMFs) in extremely preterm (EPT) infants during neonatal stay., STUDY DESIGN: Maternal characteristics, obstetrical data and infant characteristics were correlated to MMFs in 97 EPT infants during the first 6 weeks of life and at hospital discharge., RESULT: High MMFs (>90%) at second week predicted sustained MMFs the first 6 weeks of life; nonuniversity education and non-Nordic origin were unfavorable predictors. The proportion of MMFs the first 6 weeks of life and maternal age were positively associated with MMFs at discharge, whereas overweight was an unfavorable predictor. High MMFs at second week, assisted reproduction technology and employment were predictive factors for exclusive MMFs at discharge., CONCLUSION: High MMFs at week 2 promote sustained MMFs in EPT infants and exclusive MMFs at discharge. Mothers who are either young, overweight, non-Nordic or without university education may need special interventions to establish successful lactation.
The interactive effect of improvement of vitamin D status and VDR FokI variants on oxidative stress in type 2 diabetic subjects: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The objectives were to evaluate the effects of improvement of vitamin D status on biomarkers of oxidative stress (OS) in type 2 diabetic (T2D) subjects and whether vitamin D receptor (VDR)-FokI polymorphisms could modulate the response to vitamin D3 intake., SUBJECTS/METHODS: Subjects with T2D were allocated to one of the two groups to receive either plain doogh (PD; containing 150 mg calcium and no vitamin D/250 ml, n1=50) or vitamin D3-fortified doogh (FD; containing 500 IU/250 ml, n1=50) twice a day for 12 weeks. Outcomes were changes in serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D), superoxide dismutase, glutathione (GSH), total antioxidant capacity (TAC) and malondialdehyde (MDA). VDR genotypes in 140 T2D subjects in FD were determined by FokI restriction enzyme., RESULTS: After 12 weeks, serum 25(OH)D increased significantly in FD (from 38.5+/-202.2 to 72.0+/-23.5, P<0.001) as compared with PD (from 38.8+/-22.8 to 33.4+/-22.8, P=0.28). Comparisons between FD and PD revealed significant differences in changes of serum MDA (-0.54+/-0.82 mumol/l vs. +0.17+/-1 mumol/l, P<0.001), GSH (+8.4+/-40.1 ng/l vs -13.1+/-29.4 ng/l, P=0.002) and TAC (+0.14+/-0.43 mmol/l vs. +0.02+/-0.45 mmol/l bovine serum albumin equivalent, P=0.03). Although there was no significant association between FokI genotypes and OS biomarkers, ff variant subgroup showed the weakest response to vitamin D., CONCLUSIONS: Improvement of vitamin D status via daily intake of FD ameliorates OS biomarkers in T2D subjects and the interactive effect of FokI genotypes cannot be ruled out.
The influence of nighttime feeding of carbohydrate or protein combined with exercise training on appetite and cardiometabolic risk in young obese women.; Single macronutrient intake prior to sleep reduces appetite but may negatively impact insulin sensitivity in sedentary obese women. The present study examined the additive impact of nighttime feeding of whey (WH), casein (CAS), or carbohydrate (CHO) combined with exercise training on appetite, cardiometabolic health, and strength in obese women. Thirty-seven sedentary obese women (WH, n = 13, body mass index (BMI) 34.4 +/- 1.3 kg/m(2); CAS, n = 14, BMI 36.5 +/- 1.8 kg/m(2); CHO, n = 10, BMI 33.1 +/- 1.7 kg/m(2)) consumed WH, CAS, or CHO (140-150 kcal/serving), every night of the week, within 30 min of sleep, for 4 weeks. Supervised exercise training (2 days of resistance training and 1 day of high-intensity interval training) was completed 3 days per week. Pre- and post-testing measurements included appetite ratings, mood state, resting metabolic rate, fasting lipids, glucose, and hormonal responses (insulin, leptin, adiponectin, hs-CRP, IGF-1, and cortisol), body composition, and strength. Nighttime intake of CAS significantly (p < 0.05) increased morning satiety (pretraining, 25 +/- 5; post-training 41 +/- 6) more than WH (pretraining, 34 +/- 5; post-training, 35 +/- 6) or CHO (pre 40 +/- 8, post 43 +/- 7). Exercise training increased lean mass and strength, decreased body fat, and improved mood state in all groups. No other differences were noted. Nighttime feeding of CAS combined with exercise training increased morning satiety more than WH or CHO. Nighttime feeding for 4 weeks did not impact insulin sensitivity (assessed via homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance) when combined with exercise training in obese women. ClinicalTrial.gov: NCT01830946.
Dietary protein intake affects amino acid and acylcarnitine metabolism in infants aged 6 months.; CONTEXT: The protective effect of breast-feeding against later obesity may be explained by the lower protein content compared with formula milk. However, the metabolic mechanisms remain unknown., OBJECTIVE: We studied the metabolic response to a higher or lower protein supply in infancy., DESIGN AND SETTING: The Childhood Obesity Project study is a double-blind, randomized, multicenter intervention trial. Infants were randomized to receive a higher (HP) or lower protein (LP) content infant formula or were breast-fed., PATIENTS AND INTERVENTIONS: Plasma samples of 691 infants who received formula milk with different protein content (HP, 2.05 g per 100 mL; LP, 1.25 g per 100 mL) or were breast-fed were collected., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Changes in plasma amino acid and acylcarnitine concentrations of 6-month-old infants according to different dietary protein supply were determined by liquid chromatography coupled to tandem mass spectrometry., RESULTS: Twenty-nine metabolites differed significantly between the formula groups. Branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs) were the most discriminant metabolites. Their degradation products, the short-chain acylcarnitines C3, C4, and C5, were also significantly elevated in the HP group. A breakpoint analysis confirmed that with increasing BCAAs, the ratio between acylcarnitines and BCAAs decreases. Long-chain acylcarnitines were decreased in HP infants., CONCLUSIONS: BCAAs seem to play a pivotal role in the effect of a high-protein diet on beta-oxidation and fat storage. We provide new evidence for a possible saturation of the BCAA degradation pathway that may represent the mechanism by which high-protein intake affects the metabolic regulation. Moreover, it appears to inhibit the initial step of the beta-oxidation, thus leading to high early weight gain and body fat deposition.
Physical activity and dietary habits among Moroccan adolescents.; OBJECTIVE: The study aimed to detail the lifestyle (physical activity and dietary habits) of Moroccan adolescents., DESIGN: Cross-sectional study undertaken in the framework of the ATLS (Arab Teens Lifestyle Study)., SETTING: Physical activity and dietary habits were determined using a validated questionnaire in public secondary schools., SUBJECTS: A total of 669 adolescents aged 15.0-19.9 years were randomly recruited from Kenitra, Morocco., RESULTS: Physical activity patterns and intensity differed between genders. As anticipated, male adolescents were more active than female adolescents across a typical week and engaged in more vigorous-intensity physical activity than female adolescents, who spent more time than male adolescents in moderate-intensity physical activity. Of particular concern was that one in five of the adolescents surveyed was inactive, with almost 45% of the sample reporting television viewing for more than 2 h/d and 38% engaged in computer use for a similar period. From a dietary perspective, most adolescents reported that they do not take breakfast or consume milk and dairy products, fruits and vegetables on a daily basis. In contrast, most reported consumption of doughnuts, cakes, candy and chocolate more than three times per week and approximately 50% consumed sugary drinks more than three times per week., CONCLUSIONS: Based on a continuation of the self-reported lifestyle behaviours, adolescents in the present study are at risk of developing chronic diseases. Education programmes are urgently needed to assist in the promotion of a healthy lifestyle and reduce the likelihood of overweight and obesity and related health risks among young people.
Treatment of palmar-plantar erythrodysesthesia (PPE) with topical sildenafil: a pilot study.; PURPOSE: Palmar-plantar erythrodysesthesia (PPE) is a common chemotherapy and anti-VEGF multi-kinase inhibitor class-related toxicity that often results in debilitating skin changes and often limits the use of active anti-cancer regimens. Mechanistic and anecdotal clinical evidence suggested that topical application of sildenafil cream may help reduce the severity of PPE. Therefore, we conducted a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled pilot study to evaluate the feasibility, safety and efficacy of topical sildenafil cream for the treatment of PPE., METHODS: Eligible subjects were required to have grade 1-3 PPE associated with either capecitabine or sunitinib. Subjects were randomized to receive 1 % topical sildenafil cream to the left extremities or right extremities and placebo cream on the opposite extremity. Two times per day, 0.5 mL of cream was applied to each affected hand/foot. The primary endpoint was improvement in PPE grading at any point on study. Clinical assessments were evaluated by NCI-CTC 4.0 grading and patient self-reported pain., RESULTS: Ten subjects were enrolled, nine were evaluable for safety and efficacy. Five of nine subjects reported some improvement in foot pain and three of eight subjects for hand pain improvement. One of these subjects noted specific improvement in tactile function. No treatment-related toxicities were observed., CONCLUSIONS: In this limited, single-center study, topical cream containing 1 % sildenafil is feasible to administer, is well-tolerated, and may mitigate PPE-related symptoms due to anti-cancer therapeutic agents. Further validation is necessary.
Effects of 12 weeks of treatment with fermented milk on blood pressure, glucose metabolism and markers of cardiovascular risk in patients with type 2 diabetes: a randomised double-blind placebo-controlled study.; OBJECTIVE: Studies have indicated a blood pressure (BP)-lowering effect of milk-derived peptides in non-diabetic individuals, but the cardiometabolic effects of such peptides in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) are not known. We investigated the effect of milk fermented with Lactobacillus helveticus on BP, glycaemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in T2D., DESIGN: A randomised, double-blinded, prospective, placebo-controlled study., METHODS: In one arm of a factorial study design, 41 patients with T2D were randomised to receive 300 ml milk fermented with L. helveticus (Cardi04 yogurt) (n=23) or 300 ml artificially acidified milk (placebo yogurt) (n=18) for 12 weeks. BPs were measured over 24-h, and blood samples were collected in the fasting state and during a meal test before and after the intervention., RESULTS: Cardi04 yogurt did not reduce 24-h, daytime or nighttime systolic or diastolic BPs compared with placebo (P>0.05). Daytime and 24-h heart rate (HR) were significantly reduced in the group treated by Cardi04 yogurt compared with the placebo group (P<0.05 for both). There were no differences in HbA1c, plasma lipids, C-reactive protein, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1, tumour necrosis factor alpha, tissue-type plasminogen activator: Ag, and von Willebrand factor: Ag between the groups. The change in fasting blood glucose concentration differed significantly between the two groups with a larger increase in the placebo group (P<0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: Ingestion of milk fermented with L. helveticus compared with placebo for 12 weeks did not significantly reduce BP in patients with T2D. Our finding of lower HRs and fasting plasma glucose levels in T2D patients during ingestion of fermented milk needs further validation. Copyright © 2015 European Society of Endocrinology.
Acute effects of plant stanol esters on postprandial metabolism and its relation with changes in serum lipids after chronic intake.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Plant stanol esters lower serum low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol (LDL-C), but responses between individuals vary widely. As the ability of subjects to respond to acute dietary challenges may reflect the flexibility to adapt to changes on the longer term, we related subjects' acute postprandial metabolic changes to changes in serum lipoproteins after chronic intake of plant stanol esters., SUBJECTS/METHODS: In a double-blind crossover design, 20 healthy subjects received in random order a high-fat shake enriched with or without plant stanol esters (4 g). Blood samples were taken during 4 h to examine lipid, glucose and lipoprotein profiles. Two subjects dropped out. For the 3 weeks after this postprandial test, the subjects who received the shake with plant stanol esters continued the consumption of plant stanol-enriched (3g/day) margarine and subjects receiving the control shake in the postprandial test consumed for the next 3 weeks a control margarine. After the washout period, subjects received the other shake and margarines., RESULTS: The margarine enriched with plant stanol esters lowered concentrations of total cholesterol by 7.3% (P<0.01), LDL-C by 9.5% (P<0.01) and apoB100 by 8.6% (P<0.01). Furthermore, particle concentrations of total very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL), small VLDL and large LDL were reduced by 26.6% (P=0.02), 27.6% (P=0.02) and 12.3% (P=0.04), respectively. Plant stanol esters did not affect parameters related to lipid and glucose metabolism during the postprandial phase. However, the incremental area under the curve (iAUC) of the postprandial glucose concentration after consuming the control shake correlated positively with changes in fasting concentrations of total cholesterol, LDL-C, apoB100, total VLDL, small VLDL and intermediate-density lipoprotein after 3 weeks., CONCLUSIONS: A single dose of plant stanol esters does not change postprandial lipid and lipoprotein profiles. However, postprandial glucose responses may predict the effects of chronic plant stanol ester consumption.
Yogurt for treating acute gastroenteritis in children: Systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: In May 2014, the updated guidelines for the management of acute gastroenteritis (AGE) were published. The use of yogurt in the nutritional management of AGE was not addressed, although it is frequently used in many countries for this purpose. We aimed to systematically evaluate the efficacy of yogurt consumption for the management of AGE in children., DESIGN: In this systematic review, a number of databases, including MEDLINE, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Library, with no language restrictions, were searched up to July 2014 for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating the effect of yogurt consumption in children with AGE. The risk of bias was assessed using the Cochrane risk of bias tool., RESULTS: Four RCTs (n = 448) that were generally low in methodological quality, all performed in hospital setting, were included. Compared with placebo/no intervention, yogurt consumption had no significant effect on stool volume. The data on the effect of yogurt consumption on the duration of diarrhea and stool frequency were not consistent. The chance of treatment success (or failure) was similar in both groups. Compared with placebo, the duration of hospitalization was shorter in children who received yogurt, but the difference was of a borderline significance. Total weight gain increased for those treated with yogurt., CONCLUSIONS: The consumption of yogurt had a positive effect on weight gain, but no consistent effect on AGE outcomes in hospitalized children. Given the limited data and the methodological limitations of the included trials, the evidence should be viewed with caution. The effect of yogurt consumption in the ambulatory setting is unknown. Copyright © 2014 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Topical analgesia treats pain and decreases propofol use during lumbar punctures in a randomized pediatric leukemia trial.; BACKGROUND: Lumbar punctures are frequently performed in pediatric leukemia for central nervous system leukemic prophylaxis. The contribution of local anesthetic with deep sedation is unknown. The objective was to evaluate EMLA (eutectic mixture of local anesthetics) cream as a pain reliever in conjunction with propofol in the setting of routine lumbar punctures., PROCEDURE: We included patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia aged 3-21 years requiring at least two routine lumbar punctures. Patients were randomly assigned to receive EMLA or placebo cream and the alternate treatment with the second procedure. Patients, personnel and outcome assessors were blinded to allocation. The primary outcome included three indirect measures of pain: total median propofol doses, patient movement and heart rate changes at the time of skin puncture in both treatment groups., RESULTS: Twenty-six patients were enrolled and 25 were analyzed. With EMLA cream, 4 mg/kg (median) of propofol was required (95% CI 3.5-4.4). With placebo, 4.9 mg/kg of propofol was needed (95% CI 4.3-5.6; P = 0.008). When EMLA cream was applied, 8% of patients moved, whereas 84% moved with placebo cream (P < 0.0001). There was a lower average heart rate by seven beats in the EMLA treatment compared to placebo (95% CI -2.3-4.3; 4.1-12.4; P = 0.009). There were no adverse events in either treatment group., CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrated that the combination of EMLA cream with propofol is beneficial. Topical analgesics are at the discretion of the oncologist, allowing us to advocate for patients by providing safe and efficacious pain management for lumbar punctures. Copyright © 2014 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Need for specific sugar-sweetened beverage lessons for fourth- and fifth-graders.; OBJECTIVE: Consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages (SSB) is linked to obesity. The authors hypothesized that school-based nutrition education would decrease SSB consumption., DESIGN: Self-selected interventional cohort with random selection for pre and post measurements., SETTING: Arizona Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program-Education Program-eligible schools., PARTICIPANTS: Randomly selected (9%) fourth- and fifth-grade classroom students., INTERVENTION: The University of Arizona Nutrition Network provided general nutrition education training and materials to teachers, to be delivered to their students. The University of Arizona Nutrition Network administered behavioral questionnaires to students in both fall and spring., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Change in SSB consumption., ANALYSES: Descriptive statistics were computed for student demographics and beverage consumption on the day before testing. Paired t tests evaluated change in classroom averages. Linear regression assessed potential correlates of SSB consumption., RESULTS: Fall mean SSB consumption was 1.1 (+/- 0.2) times; mean milk and water intake were 1.6 (+/- 0.2) and 5.2 (+/- 0.7) times, respectively. Beverage consumption increased (3.2%) in springtime, with increased SSBs (14.4%) accounting for the majority (P = .006). Change in SSB consumption was negatively associated with baseline SSB and water consumption but positively associated with baseline milk fat (P <= .05)., CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONS: The results suggest the need for beverage-specific education to encourage children to consume more healthful beverages in warmer weather. Copyright © 2015 Society for Nutrition Education and Behavior. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The ingestion of a fructose-containing beverage combined with fat cream exacerbates postprandial lipidemia in young healthy women.; AIM: To investigate the acute effects of the ingestion of a fructose-containing beverage combined with fat on postprandial lipoprotein metabolism., METHODS: Twelve young healthy Japanese women with apolipoprotein E phenotype 3/3 were enrolled in this study. At each of four sessions, the subjects ingested one of four sugar beverages containing fructose and/or glucose (total: 0.5 g/kg body weight) combined with OFTT cream (1 g/kg, 0.35 g/kg as fat) in a randomized crossover design. The four sugar beverages were as follows: 100% (w/w) fructose (F100), 90% fructose + 10% glucose (F90G10), 55% fructose + 45% glucose (F55G45) and 100% glucose (G100). Venous blood samples were obtained at baseline and 0.5, one, two, four and six hours after ingestion., RESULTS: The serum concentrations of TG in the F100, F90G10 and F55G45 trials were significantly higher than each fasting value at two and four hours, and returned to baseline at six hours, except in the F100 trial. The concentrations at four hours and the incremental areas under the curve for the hepatic triglyceride-rich lipoprotein-triglyceride (VLDL-TG(TM)) levels in the F100 and F90G10 trials were significantly higher and larger, respectively, than those observed in the G100 trial. Meanwhile, the concentrations of RLP-TG and apolipoprotein B-48 peaked at two hours in the G100 trial, versus four hours in the other trials, and did not return to baseline at six hours, except in the G100 trial. At four hours, the apoB48 tended to be higher in the F100 trial than in the G100 trial., CONCLUSIONS: The ingestion of a high-fructose-containing beverage with fat cream delays the clearance of chylomicron and its remnant derived from the intestine and enhances the secretion of triglyceride-rich lipoprotein particles from the liver, thereby inducing postprandial lipidemia, even in young healthy women.
The effect of yoghurt and its probiotics on blood pressure and serum lipid profile; a randomised controlled trial.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Despite strong mechanistic data, and promising results from in vitro and animal studies, the ability of probiotic bacteria to improve blood pressure and serum lipid concentrations in humans remains uncertain. The aim of this study was to determine the effect of Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium animalis subsp lactis Bb12, provided in either yoghurt or capsule form, on home blood pressure and serum lipid profile., METHODS AND RESULTS: Following a 3-week washout period, 156 overweight men and women over 55 y were randomized to a 6-week double-blinded, factorial, parallel study. The four intervention groups were: A) probiotic yoghurt plus probiotic capsules; B) probiotic yoghurt plus placebo capsules; C) control milk plus probiotic capsules; and D) control milk plus placebo capsules. Each probiotic test article provided a minimum L. acidophilus La5 and B. animalis subsp. lactis Bb12 dose of 3.0 x 109 CFU/d. Home blood pressure monitoring, consisting of 7-day bi-daily repeat measurements, were collected at baseline and week 6. Fasting total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDLC), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLC), and serum triglyceride were performed at baseline and week 6. When compared to control milk, probiotic yoghurt did not significantly alter blood pressure, heart rate or serum lipid concentrations (P > 0.05). Similarly, when compared to placebo capsules, supplementation with probiotic capsules did not alter blood pressure or concentrations of total cholesterol LDLC, HDLC, or triglycerides (P > 0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: The probiotic strains L. acidophilus La5 and B. animalis subsp. lactis Bb12 did not improve cardiovascular risk factors. Copyright © 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
A new formula for premature infants: effects on growth and nutritional status.; OBJECTIVE: Nutritional management influences immediate survival as well as subsequent growth and development of low birth weight and very low birth weight infants. Preterm infant formula (PTF) is used when there is an inadequate supply of mother's milk or when the mother is unable to breastfeed and donor breast milk is unavailable. The purpose of this prospective multicenter study was to evaluate short-term effects on nutritional status (auxological and biochemical parameters) in a population of premature infants who received a preterm infant formula., METHODS: Ninety-seven preterm infants with a birth weight between 500 g and 2000 g and a gestational age of 25-34 weeks postmenstrual age were randomly assigned to received a new preterm infant formula (Nutriben Pre), and their nutritional status were compared to 75 fortified human milk (FHM) fed infants., RESULTS: No significant differences were observed between FHM and Nutriben Pre fed infants in terms of growth, feeding tolerance and biochemical profiles., CONCLUSION: Nutriben Pre is a valid, effective and safe alternative for the nutrition of preterm infants.
Protocol Paper: A Randomized Trial of 2 Creams in the Skin Care of Patients Receiving Radiation Therapy for Breast Cancer in the Tropics.; BACKGROUND: Nurses working in a northern Australia Radiation Therapy Unit advise all patients undergoing radiation therapy to use a readily available nonprescription moisturizing cream to minimize the severity of radiation skin reactions. However, patients report that the cream is thick and difficult to use in the humid tropical climate, and nurses anecdotally suspect an increase in severe skin reactions during the summer months., OBJECTIVE: This article presents the protocol for a randomized controlled trial that addressed a lack of evidence pertaining to the use of topical creams to prevent acute radiation skin reactions in a tropical climate., METHODS: Two skin care creams were used in the trial. The trial's primary outcome measure was the incidence of moist desquamation during treatment and 1 month after treatment completion. The secondary outcome was the participants' acceptance of the allocated cream at similar time points., RESULTS: Recruitment to the trial has been completed. Findings of the research will be reported in a separate publication., CONCLUSIONS: This article presents the protocol for a randomized controlled trial that addresses a lack of evidence pertaining to the use of topical creams to prevent acute radiation skin reactions in a tropical climate., IMPLICATIONS FOR PRACTICE: This protocol can be adapted by other researchers conducting practice-based research.
Effectiveness and Acceptability of a Moisturizing Cream and a Barrier Cream During Radiation Therapy for Breast Cancer in the Tropics: A Randomized Controlled Trial.; BACKGROUND: Inconsistent evidence about product effectiveness to prevent moist desquamation during radiation treatment and minimal research about the acceptability to patients of recommended products prompted this study., OBJECTIVE: This randomized controlled trial compared the effectiveness of 2 creams at minimizing the incidence of moist desquamation in a tropical setting and explored which product was most acceptable to patients receiving radiation treatment., METHODS: Participants (n = 255) were stratified according to breast or chest wall radiation treatment and randomly allocated to use a moisturizing or barrier cream. Nurses assessed radiation skin reactions weekly with a standardized grading system, and patients were telephoned 1 month after completing treatment for a final skin assessment. Participants completed an Acceptability Survey at similar times., RESULTS: At treatment completion, 15% of participants had moist desquamation. An additional 26% self-reported this at follow-up. Risk factors for moist desquamation included increased breast cup size and body mass index. The barrier cream significantly reduced the incidence of moist desquamation during treatment in patients receiving radiation to the chest wall (chi = 3.93, P = .047). Participants preferred the barrier cream over the moisturizer (chi = 5.81, P = .02) during treatment., CONCLUSIONS: This study identified a relatively high incidence of moist desquamation in patients receiving radiation therapy for breast cancer. Future patients will have information about product effectiveness in minimizing moist desquamation when choosing skin care products., IMPLICATIONS FOR PRACTICE: Structured discharge planning and patient education need to include information about factors that contribute to the likelihood of developing moist desquamation.
No effect of n-3 fatty acids supplementation on NT-proBNP after myocardial infarction: the Alpha Omega Trial.; BACKGROUND: heart failure is a major risk factor for cardiovascular mortality, for which n-3 fatty acids may have beneficial effects. We examined the effect of marine eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and plant-derived alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) on N-Terminal-pro Brain Natriuretic Peptide (NT-proBNP), a biomarker of heart failure., METHODS: we randomly assigned 4837 post-myocardial infarction patients, aged 60-80 years (82% men), to margarines supplemented with a targeted additional intake of 400 mg/day EPA and DHA, 2 g/day ALA, EPA-DHA plus ALA, or placebo for 40 months. In a random selection of 639 patients, NT-proBNP was determined both at baseline and at the end of follow-up. NT-proBNP was loge-transformed and analysed by type of treatment using analysis of covariance adjusting for baseline NT-proNBP., RESULTS: patients consumed on average 19.8 g margarine/day, providing an additional amount of 238 mg/day EPA with 158 mg/day DHA, 1.98 g/day ALA, or both, in the active-treatment groups. In the placebo group, the geometric mean level NT-proBNP increased from 245 ng/l (95%-confidence interval [CI]: 207-290) to 294 ng/l (95%-CI: 244-352) after 40 months (p = 0.001). NT-proBNP levels were not affected by ALA (+8% versus placebo; 95%-CI: -8% to +25%; p = 0.34), EPA-DHA (+2% versus placebo; 95%-CI: -14% to +18%; p = 0.78), nor EPA-DHA plus ALA (+9% versus placebo; 95%-CI: -8% to +25%; p = 0.31) treatment., CONCLUSIONS: supplementation with modest amounts of EPA-DHA, with or without ALA, did not have a significant effect on NT-proBNP levels in patients with a history of myocardial infarction. Copyright © The European Society of Cardiology 2014 Reprints and permissions: sagepub.co.uk/journalsPermissions.nav.
Role of a prudent breakfast in improving cardiometabolic risk factors in subjects with hypercholesterolemia: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: It is unclear whether advising a prudent breakfast alone is sufficient to improve blood lipids and cardiometabolic risk factors in overweight hypercholesterolemic subjects. The aim of this study was to investigate whether a prudent low-fat breakfast (PB) rich in dietary fiber lowers low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and other cardiometabolic risk factors in subjects with elevated LDL-cholesterol levels., METHODS: In a parallel, controlled, 12-week study, 79 healthy overweight subjects (all regular breakfast eaters) were randomly allocated to a group that received a PB based on Nordic foods provided ad libitum or a control group that consumed their usual breakfast. The primary outcome was plasma LDL-C. Secondary outcomes were other blood lipids, body weight, sagittal abdominal diameter (SAD), glucose tolerance, insulin sensitivity and inflammation markers (C-reactive protein [CRP] and tumor necrosis factor receptor-2 [TNF-R2]), and blood pressure. The PB was in accordance with national and Nordic nutrition recommendations and included oat bran porridge with low-fat milk or yogurt, bilberry or lingonberry jam, whole grain bread, low-fat spread, poultry or fatty fish, and fruit., RESULTS: No differences were found in LDL-C, other blood lipids, body weight, or glucose metabolism, but SAD, plasma CRP, and TNF-R2 decreased more during PB compared with controls (p < 0.05). In the overall diet, PB increased dietary fiber and beta-glucan compared with controls (p < 0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: Advising a prudent breakfast for 3 months did not influence blood lipids, body weight, or glucose metabolism but reduced markers of visceral fat and inflammation. The trial was registered in the Current Controlled Trials database (http://www.controlled-trials.com); International Standard Randomized Controlled Trial Number (ISRCTN): 84550872. Copyright © 2014 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd.. All rights reserved.
Photodynamic therapy vs. imiquimod 5% cream as skin cancer preventive strategies in patients with field changes: a randomized intraindividual comparison study.; BACKGROUND: Actinic damage is responsible for the development of multiple, recurrent non-melanoma skin cancers (NMSCs), including actinic keratoses (AKs). Photodynamic therapy (PDT) and imiquimod cream (IMIQ) 5% are recommended as field-directed treatment options., OBJECTIVES: To compare efficacy and safety of methyl aminolevulinate (MAL)-PDT vs. IMIQ 5% in the prevention of new NMSCs development patients with field changes., METHODS: Patients with field cancerization of the face or scalp were randomized to receive MAL-PDT on one side, and IMIQ 5% on the mirror field. The primary endpoint was the number of new lesions on the treated fields during a 12-month follow-up period. Secondary assessments included adverse events and patient preference., RESULTS: Forty-four patients completed the study. MAL-PDT and IMIQ did not differ concerning the primary endpoint, as there was no statistically significant difference in terms of development of new NMSCs at any point of follow-up. Both treatment regimens were safe and well tolerated. Patients' preference based on the procedure, response rates and future choice favoured MAL-PDT., CONCLUSIONS: MAL-PDT and IMIQ 5% are safe and well-tolerated treatments that equally prevent development of new AKs in patients suffering from field changes. MAL-PDT treatment appears to be superior in terms of patients' preference. Copyright © 2014 European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Consuming a mixed diet enriched with lupin protein beneficially affects plasma lipids in hypercholesterolemic subjects: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: The objectives of this study were to assess whether 25 g/d lupin protein, integrated into a mixed diet, might affect cardiovascular risk factors and whether l-arginine was responsible for these effects., METHODS: Seventy-two hypercholesterolemic subjects participated in the randomized, controlled, double-blind three-phase crossover study. They were assigned to three diets with 25 g/d lupin protein (LP), milk protein (MP) or milk protein plus 1.6 g/d arginine (MPA) each for 28 d in a random order interrupted by 6-week washout periods. Lupin protein and the comparator milk protein were incorporated into complex food products (bread, roll, sausage, and vegetarian spread). Arginine was administered via capsules. Sixty-eight subjects were included in final analyses., RESULTS: Compared with MP, LDL cholesterol was significantly lower after LP. Compared with MP and MPA, homocysteine was significantly lower after LP. Compared with baseline, concentrations of total, LDL, and HDL cholesterol significantly decreased after LP and MPA. Triacylglycerols and uric acid significantly decreased after LP. The relative changes in total and LDL cholesterol were significantly greater for subjects with severe hypercholesterolemia (>6.6 mmol/L) than those with moderate hypercholesterolemia (5.2-6.6 mmol/L)., CONCLUSIONS: The present study showed for the first time that incorporation of 25 g/d of lupin protein into a variety of complex food products lowers total and LDL cholesterol, triacylglycerols, homocysteine, and uric acid in hypercholesterolemic subjects. The hypocholesterolemic effect is stronger in subjects with severe hypercholesterolemia. Arginine might be responsible for some, but not all of the beneficial effects of lupin protein. This trial was registered at http://clinicaltrials.gov (study ID number NCT01598649). Copyright © 2014 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Twelve-week treatment of lentigo maligna with imiquimod results in a high and sustained clearance rate.; Topical imiquimod cream is increasingly applied in the treatment of lentigo maligna (LM), in particular for large lesions where surgery may lead to disfiguring scars. Published studies suggest that more frequent and prolonged treatment with topical imiquimod is associated with higher efficacy. In this study we prospectively treated 27 patients suffering from LM on the face with imiquimod 5% cream using an intensive treatment regimen consisting of daily applications for 12 weeks inducing skin inflammation for at least 10 weeks. Twenty-four patients completed the treatment as recommended, 23 were available for follow-up (mean 39 months). Clinical and histo-pathological clearance was observed in 20 patients after a mean of 14 weeks of treatment. Notably, histopathological examination of a skin biopsy showed clearance of the LM in all 24 patients, including those who still showed some hyperpigmentation at 4 weeks off treatment. A clinical recurrence occurred in only 1 of the 23 patients available at follow-up. These findings suggest that the efficacy of imiquimod can be improved by implementing a more intensive treatment regimen. Randomized controlled trials are needed to confirm our results and establish the role of topical imiquimod in the treatment of LM.
Topical diltiazem before transrectal ultrasonography-guided biopsy of the prostate: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Injection of local anaesthetic agents around the prostatic nerve bundles during transrectal ultrasonography (TRUS) biopsy of the prostate has shown to reduce the pain associated with the procedure. It has been shown that some of the discomfort associated with the procedure is secondary to spasm of the anal sphincter. Topical diltiazem can relax the anal sphincter. Our aim was to evaluate the use of topical diltiazem cream as an adjunct to periprostatic nerve block in reducing pain associated with TRUS-guided prostatic biopsy., METHOD: Between September 2009 and September 2010, 114 patients were enrolled in the trial (from two centres). Patients undergoing TRUS biopsy of prostate were randomized into diltiazem and placebo groups. Patients were asked to fill out a questionnaire at the end of the procedure. The questionnaire enquired about discomfort associated with various parts of the procedure using a 10-cm visual analogue scale (VAS)., RESULTS: For discomfort due to the presence of the probe, pain during the biopsy and overall pain prior to leaving the department, mean VAS was higher for the placebo group, but the difference was not statistically significant., CONCLUSION: Diltiazem cream has a better side effect profile than glyceryl trinitrate cream and is better tolerated. Although we have demonstrated trends favouring diltiazem use as an adjunct to local anaesthetic in TRUS biopsy of the prostate, this did not reach a statistically significant level. The pain scores associated with TRUS biopsy in our cohort were lower than those in the published literature. This phenomenon might have contributed to the results observed in this trial. Copyright © 2013 Royal Australasian College of Surgeons.
Comparison of the effectiveness of a milk-free soy-maize-sorghum-based ready-to-use therapeutic food to standard ready-to-use therapeutic food with 25% milk in nutrition management of severely acutely malnourished Zambian children: an equivalence non-blinded cluster randomised controlled trial.; Community-based Management of Acute Malnutrition using ready-to-use therapeutic food (RUTF) has revolutionised the treatment of severe acute malnutrition (SAM). However, 25% milk content in standard peanut-based RUTF (P-RUTF) makes it too expensive. The effectiveness of milk-free RUTF has not been reported hitherto. This non-blinded, parallel group, cluster randomised, controlled, equivalence trial that compares the effectiveness of a milk-free soy-maize-sorghum-based RUTF (SMS-RUTF) with P-RUTF in treatment of children with SAM, closes the gap. A statistician randomly assigned health centres (HC) either to the SMS-RUTF (n = 12; 824 enrolled) or P-RUTF (n = 12; 1103 enrolled) arms. All SAM children admitted at the participating HCs were enrolled. All the outcomes were measured at individual level. Recovery rate was the primary outcome. The recovery rates for SMS-RUTF and P-RUTF were 53.3% and 60.8% for the intention-to-treat (ITT) analysis and 77.9% and 81.8% for per protocol (PP) analyses, respectively. The corresponding adjusted risk difference (ARD) and 95% confidence interval, were -7.6% (-14.9, 0.6%) and -3.5% (-9,6., 2.7%) for ITT (P = 0.034) and PP analyses (P = 0.257), respectively. An unanticipated interaction (interaction P < 0.001 for ITT analyses and 0.0683 for PP analyses) between the study arm and age group was observed. The ARDs were -10.0 (-17.7 to -2.3)% for ITT (P = 0.013) and -4.7 (-10.0 to 0.7) for PP (P = 0.083) analyses for the <24 months age group and 2.1 (-10.3,14.6)% for ITT (P = 0.726) and -0.6 (-16.1, 14.5) for PP (P = 0.939) for the >=24 months age group. In conclusion, the study did not confirm our hypothesis of equivalence between SMS-RUTF and P-RUTF in SAM management. Copyright © 2013 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Vaginal chlorhexidine during labour to prevent early-onset neonatal group B streptococcal infection.; BACKGROUND: Although early-onset group B beta-hemolytic streptococcus (GBS) infection is rare, it accounts for approximately 30% of neonatal infections, has a high mortality rate, and is acquired through vertical transmission from colonized mothers. Several trials have demonstrated the efficacy of intrapartum antibiotic prophylaxis (IAP) for preventing early-onset disease (EOD). Vaginal disinfection with chlorhexidine during labour has been proposed as another strategy for preventing GBS EOD in the preterm and term neonate. Chlorhexidine has been found to have no impact on antibiotic resistance, is inexpensive, and applicable to poorly equipped delivery sites., OBJECTIVES: To determine the effectiveness of vaginal disinfection with chlorhexidine during labour in women who are colonized with GBS for preventing early-onset GBS infection in preterm and term neonates., SEARCH METHODS: We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (31 October 2014) and reference lists of retrieved studies., SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomized and quasi-randomized trials comparing vaginal disinfection with chlorhexidine (vaginal wash or gel/cream) versus placebo, or no treatment., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Three review authors independently assessed the trials for inclusion and risk of bias, extracted the data and checked them for accuracy., MAIN RESULTS: We identified no new trials eligible for inclusion in this update. One study was moved from included to excluded studies from the previous version of the review. Four studies, including 1125 preterm and term infants, met the inclusion criteria and reported on at least one of the outcomes of interest. For the comparison chlorhexidine (vaginal wash or gel) versus placebo or no treatment, two studies (n = 987) were pooled. There was no statistically significant difference in early-onset GBS disease (sepsis and/or meningitis) comparing chlorhexidine (vaginal wash or gel/cream) versus placebo or no treatment; risk ratio (RR), 2.32 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.34 to 15.63); I-squared (I2) = 0% or in GBS pneumonia; RR 0.35 (95% CI 0.01 to 8.6); test for heterogeneity not applicable. The outcome of colonization of the neonate with GBS was reported in three studies (n = 328); RR 0.64 (95% CI 0.40 to 1.01; there was substantial between-study heterogeneity (Chi2 = 3.19; P = 0.20; I2 = 37%). Maternal mild side effects (stinging or local irritation) (three trials, 1066 women) were more commonly seen in women treated with chlorhexidine (RR 8.50 (95% CI 1.60 to 45.28); there was no heterogeneity (Chi2 = 0.01, df = 1 (P = 0.91); I2 = 0%). No side effects were reported among the neonates.For the comparison chlorhexidine vaginal wash verus mechanical washing with placebo or no treatment (one study, n = 79), there was a significant reduction in neonatal colonization with GBS; RR 0.32 (95% CI 0.12 to 0.90). Tests for heterogeneity not applicable. There were no other significant results for this comparison.For the comparison chlorhexidine gel or cream versus placebo or no treatment, there were no statistically significant results for the outcomes reported on. The quality of the trials varied and the overall risk of bias was rated as unclear or high. The quality of the evidence using GRADE was very low for the outcomes of the comparison chlorhexidine (vaginal wash or gel/cream) versus placebo or no treatment. These outcomes included: early-onset GBS disease (sepsis and/or meningitis), GBS pneumonia, neonatal colonization with GBS, neonatal mortality due to early-onset GBS infection and adverse (mild) effects in the mother and the neonate., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: The quality of the four included trials varied as did the risk of bias and the quality of the evidence using GRADE was very low. Vaginal chlorhexidine was not associated with reductions in any of the primary outcomes of early-onset GBS disease (sepsis and/or meningitis) or GBS pneumonia. Vaginal chlorhexidine may reduce GBS colonization of neonates. The intervention was associated with an increased risk of maternal mild adverse effects. The review currently does not support the use of vaginal disinfection with chlorhexidine in labour for preventing early-onset disease. Results should be interpreted with caution as the methodological quality of the studies was poor. As early-onset GBS disease is a rare condition trials with very large sample sizes are needed to assess the effectiveness of vaginal chlorhexidine to reduce its occurrence. In the era of intrapartum antibiotic prophylaxis, such trials may be difficult to justify especially in developed countries.
Interventions for melanoma in situ, including lentigo maligna.; BACKGROUND: Malignant melanoma is a form of skin cancer associated with significant mortality once it has spread beyond the skin. Melanoma in situ (MIS) is the earliest histologically recognisable stage of malignant melanoma and represents a precursor of invasive melanoma. Lentigo maligna (LM) represents a subtype of pre-invasive intraepidermal melanoma associated specifically with chronic exposure to ultraviolet (UV) radiation. Over the past two decades, the incidence of MIS has increased significantly, even more than the invasive counterpart. There are several treatment options for MIS, but no consensus exists on the best therapeutic management of this condition., OBJECTIVES: To assess the effects of all available interventions, surgical and non-surgical, for the treatment of melanoma in situ, including LM., SEARCH METHODS: We searched the following databases up to November 2014: the Cochrane Skin Group Specialised Register, CENTRAL in The Cochrane Library (2014, Issue 10), MEDLINE (from 1946), Embase (from 1974), LILACS (from 1982), African Index Medicus (from inception), IndeMED of India (from inception), and Index Medicus for the South-East Asia Region (IMSEAR) (from inception). We scanned the references of included and excluded studies for further references to relevant trials and searched five trials registries. We checked the abstracts of major dermatology and oncology conference proceedings, and we shared our lists of included and excluded studies with industry contacts and other experts in the field of melanoma to try to identify further relevant trials., SELECTION CRITERIA: We included randomised controlled trials (RCT) on the management of MIS, including LM, that compared any intervention to placebo or active treatment. We included individuals, irrespective of age and sex, diagnosed with MIS, including LM, based on histological examination., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Two authors independently evaluated possible studies for inclusion; extracted data from the included study using a standard data extraction form modified for our review; assessed risk of bias; and analysed data on efficacy, safety, and tolerability. They resolved any disagreements by discussion with a third author. We collected adverse effects information from included studies., MAIN RESULTS: Our search identified only 1 study eligible for inclusion (and 1 ongoing study in active recruitment stage), which was a single centre, open label, parallel group, 2-arm RCT with 90 participants, who had 91 histologically proven LM lesions.Forty-four participants, with 44 LM lesions, were treated with imiquimod 5% cream 5 days per week plus tazarotene 0.1% gel 2 days/week for 3 months, and 46 participants, with 47 LM lesions, were treated with imiquimod 5% cream 5 days per week for 3 months. Two months after cessation of topical treatment, the initial tumour footprint was excised using 2 mm margins via a staged excision. This study was open label, and analysis was not intention-to-treat, leading to a high risk of incomplete outcome data.Our primary outcome 'Histological or clinical complete response' was measured at 5 months in 29/44 participants (66%) treated with imiquimod plus tazarotene (combination therapy) and 27/46 participants (59%) treated with imiquimod (monotherapy). The difference was not statistically significant (risk ratio (RR) 1.12, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.81 to 1.55, P value = 0.48). With regard to our secondary outcomes on recurrence and inflammation, after a mean follow up of 42 months, no local recurrences were observed among complete responders. Difference in overall inflammation score between the 2 groups was significant (mean difference (MD) 0.6, 95% CI 0.2 to 1, P value = 0.004), with the mean overall inflammation score being significantly higher in the combination group. The study authors did not clearly report on side-effects. Because of adverse effects, there was a dropout rate of 6/44 participants (13.7%) in the combination group compared with 1/46 (2.2%) in the imiquimod monotherapy group (due to excessive inflammation) before the cessation of topical treatment (first 3 months), but this was not statistically significant (RR 6.27, 95% CI 0.79 to 50.02, P value = 0.08)., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: There is a lack of high-quality evidence for the treatment of MIS and LM.For the treatment of MIS, we found no RCTs of surgical interventions aiming to optimise margin control (square method, perimeter technique, 'slow Mohs', staged radial sections, staged "mapped" excisions, or Mohs micrographic surgery), which are the most widely used interventions recommended as first-line therapy. The use of non-surgical interventions in selected cases (patients with contraindications to surgical interventions) may be effective and may be considered preferable for experienced providers and under close and adequate follow up.For the treatment of LM, we found no RCTs of surgical interventions, which remain the most widely used and recommended available treatment. The use of non-surgical interventions, such as imiquimod, as monotherapy may be effective and may be considered in selected cases where surgical procedures are contraindicated and used preferentially by experienced providers under close and adequate follow up. The use of topical therapies, such as 5-fluorouracil and imiquimod, as neoadjuvant therapies warrants further investigation. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the addition of tazarotene to imiquimod as adjuvant therapy; the current evidence suggests that it can increase topical inflammatory response and withdrawal of participants because of treatment-related side-effects.
Body mass index of 16-year olds in urban Maseru, Lesotho.; BACKGROUND: Overweight and/or obesity amongst children and adolescents is a global epidemic with health consequences that track into adulthood. No data are currently available regarding overweight/obesity amongst adolescents in Lesotho.Aim and setting: To assess the prevalence of overweight and/or obesity and the associated risk factors amongst 16-year olds in urban Maseru, Lesotho., METHOD: A cross-sectional descriptive study was conducted on a systematic sample of 16-year olds ingrade four (N = 221; 56.6% girls) from randomly-selected schools in urban Maseru. Diet histories and data on lifestyle, physical activity and knowledge, attitudes and/or perceptions and practices regarding nutrition were obtained during structured interviews and body mass index (BMI) was determined., RESULTS: Amongst these 16-year olds, 27.2% girls and 8.3% boys were overweight and/or obese based on World Health Organization cut-offs for BMI; 39.8% were insufficiently active or inactive;6.4% used alcohol regularly; and 11.7% used tobacco. Whilst 28.1% reported no television watching/electronic gaming/computer usage (combined screen time) outside school, 23.6% reported >= 4 hours of combined screen time outside school. Most (91.4%) consumed < 3 servings of vegetables/day; 86.4% consumed < 2 servings of fruits/day; and 95.5% consumed < 2 servings of dairy/day. The majority consumed maize porridge (56.1%), bread (63.8%) and margarine/oil/fat (82.3%) daily and added sugar to their food (74.2%). Fruits, vegetables, dairy, meat, pulses and traditional foods were only consumed weekly or less often. Most bought from tuck shops (18.6% daily; 54.3% weekly). Various gaps in knowledge, perceptions and practices were identified that may benefit from educational intervention., CONCLUSIONS: The current study identifies westernised dietary and lifestyle changes, along with overweight and/or obesity, amongst 16-year old adolescents in Lesotho.
The type of fat ingested at breakfast influences the plasma lipid profile of postmenopausal women.; To assess whether the type of fat ingested at breakfast can modify the plasma lipid profile and other cardiovascular risk variables in postmenopausal women at risk of cardiovascular disease, a longitudinal, randomized, and crossover study was carried out with postmenopausal women at risk of CVD. They were randomly assigned to eat each type of breakfast during one month: 6 study periods (breakfast with the same composition plus butter/margarine/virgin olive oil) separated by two washout periods. On the first and last days of each study period, weight, arterial blood pressure, heart rate, and body mass index were recorded in fasting conditions and a blood sample was collected to measure plasma lipid profile. When comparing final values to baseline values, we only found out statistically significant differences on plasma lipid profiles. Butter-based breakfast increased total cholesterol and HDL, while margarine-based breakfast decreased total cholesterol and LDL and increased HDL. After the olive oil-based breakfast intake, a tendency towards a decrease of total cholesterol and LDL levels and an increase of HDL levels was observed. No statistically significant differences were observed in triglycerides levels, BMI, and arterial pressure in any breakfast type. The margarine-based breakfast was the only one which significantly increased the percentage of volunteers with optimal lipid profiles. The polyunsaturated fat at breakfast has improved the plasma lipid profile in the analyzed sample population, suggesting that PUFA-based breakfast can be advisable in women at risk of CVD.
Using the Medical Research Council framework for the development and evaluation of complex interventions in a theory-based infant feeding intervention to prevent childhood obesity: the baby milk intervention and trial.; INTRODUCTION: We describe our experience of using the Medical Research Council framework on complex interventions to guide the development and evaluation of an intervention to prevent obesity by modifying infant feeding behaviours., METHODS: We reviewed the epidemiological evidence on early life risk factors for obesity and interventions to prevent obesity in this age group. The review suggested prevention of excess weight gain in bottle-fed babies and appropriate weaning as intervention targets; hence we undertook systematic reviews to further our understanding of these behaviours. We chose theory and behaviour change techniques that demonstrated evidence of effectiveness in altering dietary behaviours. We subsequently developed intervention materials and evaluation tools and conducted qualitative studies with mothers (intervention recipients) and healthcare professionals (intervention deliverers) to refine them. We developed a questionnaire to assess maternal attitudes and feeding practices to understand the mechanism of any intervention effects., CONCLUSIONS: In addition to informing development of our specific intervention and evaluation materials, use of the Medical Research Council framework has helped to build a generalisable evidence base for early life nutritional interventions. However, the process is resource intensive and prolonged, and this should be taken into account by public health research funders. This trial is registered with ISRTCN: 20814693 Baby Milk Trial.
Differential effects of proteins and carbohydrates on postprandial blood pressure-related responses.; Diet composition may affect blood pressure (BP), but the mechanisms are unclear. The aim of the present study was to compare postprandial BP-related responses to the ingestion of pea protein, milk protein and egg-white protein. In addition, postprandial BP-related responses to the ingestion of maltodextrin were compared with those to the ingestion of sucrose and a protein mix. We hypothesised that lower postprandial total peripheral resistance (TPR) and BP levels would be accompanied by higher plasma concentrations of nitric oxide, insulin, glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) and glucagon. On separate occasions, six meals were tested in a randomised order in forty-eight overweight or obese adults with untreated elevated BP. Postprandial responses of TPR, BP and plasma concentrations of insulin, glucagon, GLP-1 and nitrite, nitroso compounds (RXNO) and S-nitrosothiols (NO(x)) were measured for 4 h. No differences were observed in TPR responses. Postprandial BP levels were higher after the ingestion of the egg-white-protein meal than after that of meals containing the other two proteins (P<= 0.01). The ingestion of the pea-protein meal induced the highest NO(x) response (P<= 0.006). Insulin and glucagon concentrations were lowest after the ingestion of the egg-white-protein meal (P<= 0.009). Postprandial BP levels were lower after the ingestion of the maltodextrin meal than after that of the protein mix and sucrose meals (P<= 0.004), while postprandial insulin concentrations were higher after the ingestion of the maltodextrin meal than after that of the sucrose and protein mix meals after 1-2 h (P<= 0.0001). Postprandial NO(x), GLP-1 and glucagon concentrations were lower after the ingestion of the maltodextrin meal than after that of the protein mix meal (P<= 0.008). In conclusion, different protein and carbohydrate sources induce different postprandial BP-related responses, which may be important for BP management. Lower postprandial BP levels are not necessarily accompanied by higher NO(x), insulin, glucagon or GLP-1 responses.
Whey protein preloads are more beneficial than soy protein preloads in regulating appetite, calorie intake, anthropometry, and body composition of overweight and obese men.; High-protein diets exert beneficial effects on appetite, anthropometry, and body composition; however, the effects of protein preloads depend on the amount, type, and time of consumption. Therefore, we hypothesized that long-term supplemental preloads of whey protein concentrate (WPC) and soy protein isolate (SPI) consumed 30 minutes before the largest meal would decrease appetite, calorie intake (CI), and anthropometry and improve body composition in overweight and obese men in free-living conditions. The subjects included 45 men with a body mass index between 25 and 40 kg/m(2) and who were randomly allocated to either the WPC (n = 26) or SPI (n = 19) groups. For 12 weeks, the subjects consumed 65 g WPC or 60 g SPI that was dissolved in 500 mL water 30 minutes before their ad libitum lunch. Appetite, CI, anthropometry, and body composition were assessed before and after the study and biweekly throughout. After 12 weeks, mean changes between the groups were significant for appetite (P = .032), CI (P = .045), anthropometry (body weight [P = .008], body mass index [P = .006], and waist circumference), and body composition (body fat mass and lean muscle [P < .001]). Relative to baseline, within-group mean changes from WPC were significant for appetite, CI, anthropometry, and body composition (P < .001). In the SPI group, mean changes were significant, relative to baseline, for all variables except lean muscle (P = .37). According to this 12-week study, WPC preloads conducted 30 minutes prior to the ad libitum main meal exerted stronger beneficial effects than did SPI preloads on appetite, CI, anthropometry, and body composition of free-living overweight and obese men. Copyright © 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Whole soy, but not purified daidzein, had a favorable effect on improvement of cardiovascular risks: a 6-month randomized, double-blind, and placebo-controlled trial in equol-producing postmenopausal women.; SCOPE: Equol is produced by the intestinal bacteria from isoflavone daidzein. Studies have reported the health benefits of soy can only present or more pronounced in equol producers. This 6-month randomized controlled trial examined the effect of whole soy (soy flour) and purified daidzein on cardiovascular biomarkers and carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) in prehypertensive postmenopausal women who were equol producers., METHODS AND RESULTS: Two hundred seventy eligible women were randomized to either one of the three treatments: 40 g soy flour (whole soy group), 40 g low-fat milk powder + 63 mg daidzein (daidzein group), or 40 g low-fat milk powder (placebo group) daily each for 6 months. Fasting venous samples were obtained at baseline and end of trial for testing glucose, lipids, high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), and free fatty acid. Changes in common CIMT were also assessed. Serum LDL-C decreased by 7.95% (95% CI: -15.09~-0.81%) and 6.32% (95% CI: -13.45~0.08%), and serum hs-CRP decreased by 0.164 (95% CI: -0.309~-0.019) and 0.054 (95% CI: -0.199~0.012) in the whole soy group compared with daidzein and milk placebo groups, respectively. No significant change in CIMT was found., CONCLUSION: Whole soy, but not purified daidzein, had a beneficial effect on reduction of LDL-C and hs-CRP among prehypertensive equol-producing postmenopausal women. Copyright © 2013 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim.
A randomized intervention trial of 24-wk dairy consumption on waist circumference, blood pressure, and fasting blood sugar and lipids in Japanese men with metabolic syndrome.; UNLABELLED: Dairy foods are postulated to have beneficial effects on blood pressure, body fat, serum lipids, and the incidence of type 2 diabetes. To evaluate the effects of the consumption of milk and dairy products, we performed a randomized dietary intervention trial for 24 wk in Japanese men, aged 20 to 60 y, with 2 or more components of the metabolic syndrome (, CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: UMIN000006353). Subjects were randomized to a control group (n=98) that received dietary intervention focused on weight control supervised by registered dietitians, and a dairy-consumption group (n=102) that received both dietary intervention and regular home dairy delivery of 400 g/d for 24 wk. Co-primary endpoints included waist circumference, blood pressure, fasting blood sugar (FBS), and serum lipids. The dietary intervention decreased energy intake from 2,150 to 1,850 kcal/d in both groups (p<0.01). Mean rates of compliance with the dairy-consumption intervention were over 90%, resulting in increased calcium intake in the dairy-consumption group from 329 to 667 mg/d (p<0.01). Co-primary endpoints improved in both groups, but the degree of improvement was smaller in the dairy-consumption group (one-sided p=0.99). Subgroup analyses specified in the study protocol identified weight and leisure-time physical activity (LTPA) as significant effect modifiers. Differences in changes in systolic blood pressure compared with the control group were 28.0 mmHg (95% CI, 214.0 to 21.9, interaction; p<0.01) in the normal weight group and 25.8 mmHg (211.4 to 20.2, interaction; p=0.02) in the moderate-to-high LTPA group, indicating lower systolic blood pressure in the dairy-consumption group among participants in these subgroups. In conclusion, although effects on the co-primary endpoints of dairy consumption were not shown, dairy consumption lowered systolic blood pressure in the subgroups with normal weight and moderate-to-high LTPA and lowered FBS in the subgroup with normal weight.
Mometasone furoate cream reduces acute radiation dermatitis in patients receiving breast radiation therapy: results of a randomized trial.; PURPOSE: We wanted to confirm the benefit of mometasone furoate (MF) in preventing acute radiation reactions, as shown in a previous study (Bostrom et al, Radiother Oncol 2001;59:257-265)., METHODS AND MATERIALS: The study was a double-blind comparison of MF with D (Diprobase), administered daily from the start of radiation therapy for 5 weeks in patients receiving breast radiation therapy, 40 Gy in 2.67-Gy fractions daily over 3 weeks. The primary endpoint was mean modified Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) score., RESULTS: Mean RTOG scores were significantly less for MF than for D (P=.046). Maximum RTOG and mean erythema scores were significantly less for MF than for D (P=.018 and P=.012, respectively). The Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI) score was significantly less for MF than for D at weeks 4 and 5 when corrected for Hospital Anxiety and Depression (HAD) questionnaire scores., CONCLUSIONS: MF cream significantly reduces radiation dermatitis when applied to the breast during and after radiation therapy. For the first time, we have shown a significantly beneficial effect on quality of life using a validated instrument (DLQI), for a topical steroid cream. We believe that application of this cream should be the standard of care where radiation dermatitis is expected. Crown Copyright © 2014. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Role of ApoA1 on high-density lipoprotein: an intervention with plant sterols in patients with hypercholesterolemia.; BACKGROUND: Numerous studies have shown an inverse association between cholesterol's concentration associated with High-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol (HDL-C) and cardiovascular risk. The present study intends to investigate the possible relation between Apolipoprotein A (ApoA1) and HDL-C as a new strategy to reduce cardiovascular risk., AIM: was determine the effect of ApoA1 in cholesterol 's metabolism through its influence on HDL-C in young adult population., METHODS: One clinical trial, controlled, randomized, double-blind, providing a commercial milk, "Naturcol", with sterols for 3 weeks (n = 19) and placebo (n = 16). A questionnaire Ad Hoc was designed and a complete anthropometric study was made. SPSS 21.0 was used to analyse the data., RESULTS: Significant differences were observed between sterol milk and placebo in a single marker, Low-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol (LDL-C). A linear dispersion of data between HDL-C and ApoA1 was found, both at the beginning and end of the intervention (Person Correlation = 0.846 and 0.903, respectively). High dependency measures by linear regression (R2= 0.715 and 0.816, respectively) were observed., CONCLUSION: A significant relation between HDL-C and ApoA1 was proven. Taking into account the importance that HDL-C levels seem to have on cardiovascular health, ApoA1 is presented as an important clinical marker to improve heart function as well as to reduce cardiovascular risk. Copyright AULA MEDICA EDICIONES 2014. Published by AULA MEDICA. All rights reserved.
Growth and safety evaluation of infant formulae containing oligosaccharides derived from bovine milk: a randomized, double-blind, noninferiority trial.; BACKGROUND: A limited number of nondigestible oligosaccharides are available for use in infant formula. This study evaluated growth and safety in infants fed formula supplemented with a mixture of bovine milk-derived oligosaccharides (BMOS). This mixture, which was generated from whey permeate, contains galactooligosaccharides and other oligosaccharides from bovine milk, such as 3'- and 6'-sialyllactose. We hypothesized that growth in infants fed BMOS-supplemented formula would be noninferior to that in infants fed standard formula., METHODS: Healthy term infants <=14 days old were randomly assigned to standard formula (control; n = 84); standard formula with BMOS (IF-BMOS; n = 99); or standard formula with BMOS and probiotics (Bifidobacterium longum, Lactobacillus rhamnosus) (IF-BMOS + Pro; n = 98). A breastfed reference group was also enrolled (n = 30). The primary outcome was mean weight gain/day from enrollment to age 4 months (noninferiority margin: -3.0 g/day)., RESULTS: 189 (67.3%) formula-fed infants were included in the primary analysis. Mean differences in weight gain between the control and IF-BMOS and IF-BMOS + Pro groups were <1 g/day, with 97.5% confidence intervals above -3.0 g/day, indicating noninferior weight gain in the BMOS formula groups. Compared with control, infants in the BMOS groups had more frequent (p < 0.0001) and less hard (p = 0.0003) stools. No significant differences were observed between the control and BMOS groups in caregivers' reports of flatulence, vomiting, spitting up, crying, fussing, and colic. When based on clinical evaluation by the investigator, the incidence of colic was higher (p = 0.01) in IF-BMOS than in control; the incidence of investigator-diagnosed colic was not significantly different in control and IF-BMOS + Pro (p = 0.15). Stool bifidobacteria and lactobacilli counts were higher with IF-BMOS + Pro compared with control (p < 0.05), whereas Clostridia counts were lower (p < 0.05) in both BMOS groups compared with control., CONCLUSIONS: Infant formula containing BMOS either with or without probiotics provides adequate nutrition for normal growth in healthy term infants. Further studies are needed to fully explore the digestive tolerance of BMOS formula., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01886898 . Registered 24 June 2013.
Topical propranolol cream in treatment of superficial infantile hemangiomas: a literature review and 4 years of clinical experience.; The clinical efficacy and safety profile of propranolol 1% cream in treatment of superficial infantile hemangiomas (IHs) were determined in a preliminary randomized group of eight infants. Five boys and three girls, 3 to 12 months old, with an IHs superficial capillary type on the forehead, posterior side of the neck, forearm, abdomen, or posterior side of the trunk were examined at our outpatient clinic between 2011 and 2014. Topical propranolol was applied twice daily for 10 months with clinical evaluation and photographic documentation performed every 1 to 2 months. Size, texture, and color changes were monitored. Therapeutic efficacy was evaluated using the Archauer system: Grade I (bad) reduction in size < 25%, Grade II (medium) reduction between 26% and 50%, Grade III (good) reduction between 51% and 75%, and Grade IV (excellent) reduction > 75%. The majority of hemangiomas treated, 62.5%, achieved Grade IV. A Grade III outcome was noticed in one patient with an IH (12.5%) and Grade II in 25% of patients with IHs on the abdomen. The treatment was well tolerated without side effects, which indicates that topical application of 1% propranolol is a safe, effective, and cheap therapeutic option for treating superficial IHs.
Effects of dietary sodium and the DASH diet on the occurrence of headaches: results from randomised multicentre DASH-Sodium clinical trial.; OBJECTIVES: Headaches are a common medical problem, yet few studies, particularly trials, have evaluated therapies that might prevent or control headaches. We, thus, investigated the effects on the occurrence of headaches of three levels of dietary sodium intake and two diet patterns (the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet (rich in fruits, vegetables and low-fat dairy products with reduced saturated and total fat) and a control diet (typical of Western consumption patterns))., DESIGN: Randomised multicentre clinical trial., SETTING: Post hoc analyses of the DASH-Sodium trial in the USA., PARTICIPANTS: In a multicentre feeding study with three 30 day periods, 390 participants were randomised to the DASH or control diet. On their assigned diet, participants ate food with high sodium during one period, intermediate sodium during another period and low sodium during another period, in random order., OUTCOME MEASURES: Occurrence and severity of headache were ascertained from self-administered questionnaires, completed at the end of each feeding period., RESULTS: The occurrence of headaches was similar in DASH versus control, at high (OR (95% CI)=0.65 (0.37 to 1.12); p=0.12), intermediate (0.57 (0.29 to 1.12); p=0.10) and low (0.64 (0.36 to 1.13); p=0.12) sodium levels. By contrast, there was a lower risk of headache on the low, compared with high, sodium level, both on the control (0.69 (0.49 to 0.99); p=0.05) and DASH (0.69 (0.49 to 0.98); p=0.04) diets., CONCLUSIONS: A reduced sodium intake was associated with a significantly lower risk of headache, while dietary patterns had no effect on the risk of headaches in adults. Reduced dietary sodium intake offers a novel approach to prevent headaches., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT00000608. Copyright Published by the BMJ Publishing Group Limited. For permission to use (where not already granted under a licence) please go to http://group.bmj.com/group/rights-licensing/permissions.
Efficacy of cryosurgery and 5-fluorouracil cream 0.5% combination therapy for the treatment of actinic keratosis.; Actinic keratoses (AKs) are on a continuum of progression to squamous cell carcinoma (SCC). The most common AK treatment modalities are lesion-directed cryosurgery and field-directed therapy with 5-fluorouracil (5-FU); however, side effects can affect patient compliance. This study was performed to determine the efficacy and perceived side effects of combination treatment with cryosurgery and a shortened course of 5-FU cream 0.5% for AK lesions. Sixty participants with AK lesions underwent cryosurgery and were then randomized to apply 5-FU cream 0.5% or comparator cream once daily to the study area for 1 week. Participants were evaluated at weeks 3, 4, 8, and 26. After 8 weeks, treatment with cryosurgery and 5-FU cream 0.5% was more likely to result in complete clearance versus cryosurgery alone; however, no statistical difference was found in the complete clearance of AK lesions in the treatment group compared to cryosurgery alone at 26 weeks, while side effects in the treatment group were decreased. This study demonstrated the benefit of combination treatment of cryosurgery with 1 week of 5-FU compared to cryosurgery alone in clearing AK lesions for 2 months. This study shows promise for future studies with larger sample sizes to illustrate increased efficacy and decreased side effects with combination treatment of AKs with cryosurgery and 5-FU.
Effect of cumin powder on body composition and lipid profile in overweight and obese women.; INTRODUCTION: This study aimed to determine the effect of cumin powder on body composition and lipid profile in overweight and obese women., MATERIALS & METHODS: In this randomized clinical trial, 88 overweight/obese women were randomly assigned into two groups. The experimental group was asked to have 3 g/d cumin powder with yogurt at two meals for 3 months. The same amount of yogurt minus cumin powder was prescribed for the control group. All patients received nutrition counseling for weight loss in a similar manner. Anthropometric and biochemical parameters were determined before and after the intervention., RESULTS: Cumin powder reduced serum levels of fasting cholesterol, triglyceride, and LDL and increased HDL. Weight, BMI, waist circumference, fat mass and its percentage significantly reduced. It has no effect on FBS and fat-free mass., CONCLUSION: Cumin powder in a weight reduction diet showed improvement in anthropometric and biochemical parameters in overweight/obese women. Copyright © 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
A thickened amino-acid formula in infants with cow's milk allergy failing to respond to protein hydrolysate formulas: a randomized double-blind trial.; INTRODUCTION: Amino-acid-based formulas (AAFs) are recommended for children with cow's milk protein allergy (CMPA) failing to respond to extensively hydrolyzed formulas (eHFs)., OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to assess the tolerance/hypoallergenicity and efficacy of a thickened AAF (TAAF) in these infants., METHODS: This multicenter, double-blind, randomized controlled trial (NCT01940068) compared 3-month feeding with a pectin-based TAAF (Novalac( R), United Pharmaceuticals, Paris, France) and a commercially available "reference" AAF (RAAF; Neocate( R), Nutricia, Germany) in infants aged <18 months with CMPA and persistent allergy symptoms with eHF feeding. Reported here are the results of an interim analysis after 1 month of feeding., RESULTS: Of the 86 infants randomized, CMPA with eHF intolerance was confirmed in 75 infants; all of them tolerated the allocated AAFs. The major allergic symptom disappeared within 1 month in 61.9 and 51.5 % and regurgitations disappeared in 66.7 and 42.3 % of infants who received TAAF and RAAF, respectively. Infants had significantly more normal stools (soft or formed consistency) with the TAAF (90.5 vs. 66.7 %; p = 0.011). From baseline, daily family life significantly improved with both AAFs: crying time decreased by 97.3 (p < 0.001) and 28.6 min (p = 0.014) and sleeping time increased by 64.6 (p = 0.009) and 29.0 min with TAAF and RAAF, respectively. At day 30, weight and body mass index z-score gains were 0.1 and 0.2 with TAAF and 0.2 and 0.0 with RAAF., CONCLUSION: Both AAFs were well tolerated by infants with CMPA and eHF intolerance and ensured appropriate growth, with the TAAF providing additional comfort.
Four-month course of soluble milk proteins interacts with exercise to improve muscle strength and delay fatigue in elderly participants.; BACKGROUND: The benefit of protein supplementation on the adaptive response of muscle to exercise training in older people is controversial., OBJECTIVE: To investigate the independent and combined effects of a multicomponent exercise program with and without a milk-based nutritional supplement on muscle strength and mass, lower-extremity fatigue, and metabolic markers., DESIGN: A sample of 48 healthy sedentary men aged 60.8 +/- 0.4 years were randomly assigned to a 16-week multicomponent exercise training program with a milk-based supplement containing, besides proteins [total milk proteins 4 or 10 g/day or soluble milk proteins rich in leucine (PRO) 10 g/day], carbohydrates and fat. Body composition, muscle mass and strength, and time to task failure, an index of muscle fatigue, were measured. Blood lipid, fibrinogen, creatine phosphokinase, glucose, insulin, C-reactive protein, interleukin-6, tumor necrosis factor-alpha soluble receptors, and endothelial markers were assessed., RESULTS: Body fat mass was reduced after the 4-month training program in groups receiving 10 g/day of protein supplementation (P < .01). The training program sustained with the daily 10 g/day PRO was associated with a significant increase in dominant fat free mass (+5.4%, P < .01) and in appendicular muscle mass (+4.5%, P < .01). Blood cholesterol was decreased in the trained group receiving 10 g/day PRO. The index of insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance) and blood creatine phosphokinase were reduced in the groups receiving 10 g/day PRO, irrespective of exercise. The inflammatory and endothelial markers were not different between the groups. Training caused a significant improvement (+10.6% to 19.4%, P < .01) in the maximal oxygen uptake. Increased maximum voluntary contraction force was seen in the trained groups receiving 10 g/day of proteins (about 3%, P < .05). Time to task failure was improved in the trained participants receiving a 10 g/day supplementation with PRO (P < .01)., CONCLUSIONS: Soluble milk proteins rich in leucine improved time to muscle failure and increase in skeletal muscle mass and strength after prolonged multicomponent exercise training in healthy older men. Copyright © 2014 AMDA - The Society for Post-Acute and Long-Term Care Medicine. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Pilot study on growth parameters and nutritional biochemical markers in very low birth weight preterm infants fed human milk fortified with either human milk fortifier or post discharge formula.; BACKGROUND: Nutrition is an important aspect in the care of very low birth weight (VLBW) preterm infants. Human milk fortified with human milk fortifiers (HMF) is best for enteral feeding of premature infants. HMF is expensive and not easily available in Thailand. Post discharge formula (PDF) has been routinely used to fortify human milk at Queen Sirikit National Institute of Child Health (QSNICH) but there is lack of supportive data regarding efficacy and safety., OBJECTIVE: To study and compare anthropometrics, biochemical markers and complications in VLBW infants fed human milk fortified with either HMF or PDF., MATERIAL AND METHOD: This was a prospective, randomized pilot study conducted in the neonatal unit of QSNICH from 1 March 2010 to 28 February 2011. Very low birth weight neonates, whose mothers had adequate breast milk within 96 hours of birth, were enrolled in the study and received parenteral nutrition and enteral feeding as per protocol. Once the babies were feeding 100 cc/kg/day of human milk, they were randomly divided into two groups: the human milk fortified group (HMF group) and the post discharge formula fortified group (PDF group). Body weight was recorded daily while head circumference and length were recorded weekly. Hematocrit, Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN), creatinine, electrolytes (including phosphorus and calcium), alkaline phosphatase and albumin were checked at the beginning of the study (feeding 100 cc/kg/day), 3 weeks later and when on full oral breast feeding or reached a weight of 2,000 grams, which ever came first., RESULTS: Thirty-eight infants were enrolled in the study but eventually only 33 remained (18 in HMF group, 15 in PDF group). Both groups had similar baseline demographic data, nutritional management, postnatal morbidities and length of stay. There were no statistically significant differences in growth parameters and serum biochemical markers between the groups. Definite NEC was not different between the groups. Other complications of prematurity including osteopenia of prematurity were similar in both the groups. The cost of breast milk fortification per person in the PDF and HMF group was 605 and 11,655 baht, respectively., CONCLUSION: Human milk fortifiers are best for fortification of human milk in VLBW babies but using PDF as a fortifier may be considered as an alternative for VLBW infant in resource limited, developing countries. However, it should always be additionally supplemented with multivitamins especially vitamin D, iron, calcium and phosphorus. Complications like feeding intolerances and suspected NEC should be monitored closely. Larger studies focusing on short and long-term outcomes are needed in the future.
The effects of progressive resistance training combined with a whey-protein drink and vitamin D supplementation on glycaemic control, body composition and cardiometabolic risk factors in older adults with type 2 diabetes: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: While physical activity, energy restriction and weight loss are the cornerstone of type 2 diabetes management, less emphasis is placed on optimizing skeletal muscle mass. As muscle is the largest mass of insulin-sensitive tissue and the predominant reservoir for glucose disposal, there is a need to develop safe and effective evidence-based, lifestyle management strategies that optimize muscle mass as well as improve glycaemic control and cardiometabolic risk factors in people with this disease, particularly older adults who experience accelerated muscle loss., METHODS/DESIGN: Using a two-arm randomized controlled trial, this 6-month study builds upon the community-based progressive resistance training (PRT) programme Lift for Life R to evaluate whether ingestion of a whey-protein drink combined with vitamin D supplementation can enhance the effects of PRT on glycaemic control, body composition and cardiometabolic health in older adults with type 2 diabetes. Approximately 200 adults aged 50 to 75 years with type 2 diabetes, treated with either diet alone or oral hypoglycaemic agents (not insulin), will be recruited. All participants will be asked to participate in a structured, supervised PRT programme based on the Lift for Life R programme structure, and randomly allocated to receive a whey-protein drink (20 g daily of whey-protein plus 20 g after each PRT session) plus vitamin D supplements (2000 IU/day), or no additional powder and supplements. The primary outcome measures to be collected at baseline, 3 and 6 months will be glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) and insulin sensitivity (homeostatic model assessment). Secondary outcomes will include changes in: muscle mass, size and intramuscular fat; fat mass; muscle strength and function; blood pressure; levels of lipids, adipokines and inflammatory markers, serum insulin-like growth factor-1 and 25-hydroxyvitamin D; renal function; diabetes medication; health-related quality of life, and cognitive function., DISCUSSION: The findings from this study will provide new evidence on whether increased dietary protein achieved through the ingestion of a whey-protein drink combined with vitamin D supplementation can enhance the effects of PRT on glycaemic control, muscle mass and size, and cardiometabolic risk factors in older adults with type 2 diabetes., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials ACTRN12613000592741.
Effect of a low dose whey/guar preload on glycemic control in people with type 2 diabetes--a randomised controlled trial.; OBJECTIVE: Large preloads of protein and fat have been shown to lower glucose after a carbohydrate-rich meal in people with type 2 diabetes but add a considerable energy burden. Low calorie preloads [<5% of daily energy intake] have been tested in this study in people with prediabetes and with type 2 diabetes., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This was an unblinded randomised crossover study with two placebo days and two active treatment days. Glucose was measured for 3 hours with fingerprick samples as well as continuous glucose monitoring [CGMS]. Twenty-four subjects with pre-diabetes or moderately controlled type 2 diabetes [fasting glucose < 10 and HbA1c < 8.5%] were recruited. The preload contained 17 g whey protein plus 3 g lactose and 5 g guar, and 1 g flavour material [including sucralose] dissolved in 150 ml cold water or 150 ml cold water with no additives. The breakfast test meal consisted of 2 slices of bread, margarine and jam [3 slices for men] with the test drink 15 minutes beforehand., RESULTS: Peak fingerprick glucose was reduced by 2.1 mmol/L at 45 min [p < 0.0001]. Average fingerprick glucose over 3 hours was reduced by 0.8 mmol/L [p = 0.0003]. There was no difference between those with diabetes or prediabetes or those on medication or not on medication., CONCLUSIONS: An 80 kcal whey protein/fibre preload can lower average glucose over 3 hours by 0.8 mmol/L. If used long term before at least two carbohydrate-rich meals/day this preload could lower HbA1c by up to 1%., TRIAL REGISTRATION: The trial was registered with the Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry number ACTRN12612001251819.
[Risk management of cardiovascular disease through milk enriched with sterols in a young-adult population; randomized controlled clinical trial].; INTRODUCTION: Hypercholesterolemia is one of the most relevant risk factors in cardiovascular disease, where use of plant sterols one strategy evident., AIM: To determine the effectiveness of a rich in phytosterols for reducing markers of cardiovascular disease in young adult population milk., METHODS: A randomized, clinical controlled trial, double-blind crossover study. Sterols (2.24 g per day) were ingested through commercial milk, with two phases and three weeks respectively separated by a washout period of 2 weeks, for those subjects during the "milk of study", and the same amount of skim milk, sterols, for placebo. At the beginning and end of each phase blood draws were performed.. Lipid profile, hematology, inflammation, etc; anthropometric data, health habits and blood laboratory markers were collected., RESULTS: Nineteen people completed the study of 34.68 years (+/- 6.91). Difference between baseline and final scores were 19.47 (+/- 29.10) mg/dl, 24.47 (+/- 30.68) mg/dl, 14.36 (+/- 44.16) mg/dl for LDL-cholesterol, total Cholesterol and Triglycerides, respectively. Without considerable changes in HDLc. There are significant differences between placebo and milk with sterols for LDL (p=0.009) and total Cholesterol (p=0.003)., CONCLUSIONS: Sterols supplied in a functional food, such as milk, can be a strategy for non- pharmacological treatment of hypercholesterolemia and therefore a tool for cardiovascular risk reduction globally. Copyright AULA MEDICA EDICIONES 2014. Published by AULA MEDICA. All rights reserved.
Dairy product consumption has no impact on biomarkers of inflammation among men and women with low-grade systemic inflammation.; BACKGROUND: Randomized controlled trials specifically designed to assess inflammation-related outcomes in response to dairy consumption are lacking., OBJECTIVE: We investigated the impact of dairy food consumption on biomarkers of inflammation in healthy men and women with low-grade systemic inflammation., METHODS: In a multicenter randomized crossover study, 112 adult men and women with high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) values >1 mg/L consumed 3 servings/d of dairy (375 mL low-fat milk, 175 g low-fat yogurt, and 30 g regular-fat cheddar cheese) or energy-matched control (fruit juice, vegetable juice, cashews, and 1 cookie) products as part of prudent 4-wk diets, each separated by a 4- to 8-wk washout period. Serum concentrations of inflammation biomarkers were measured at the beginning and end of each dietary phase. Expression levels of key inflammatory genes and transcription factors in whole blood cells were assessed at the end of each diet by real-time polymerase chain reaction in a random subset of 53 subjects., RESULTS: Analysis of within-diet changes (post- vs. prediet values) showed a significant reduction in hs-CRP concentrations after the control diet (-11.7%, P = 0.05) but no change after the dairy diet (-7.3%, P = 0.47). As a result, changes in hs-CRP differed between the dairy and control diets (P = 0.04). Both the control and dairy diets similarly reduced interleukin-6 concentrations compared with diet-specific baseline values (-17.6% and -19.9%, respectively; P < 0.0001 for both, P = 0.77 for between-diet comparison). No between- or within-diet difference was observed in adiponectin concentrations, and there was also no between-diet difference in the expression of inflammatory genes and transcription factors., CONCLUSION: Consistent with data from previous work, these results suggest that short-term consumption of a combination of low- and high-fat dairy products as part of a healthy diet has no adverse effects on inflammation. This trial was registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01444326. Copyright © 2014 American Society for Nutrition.
High protein intake from meat as complementary food increases growth but not adiposity in breastfed infants: a randomized trial.; BACKGROUND: High intake of cow-milk protein in formula-fed infants is associated with higher weight gain and increased adiposity, which have led to recommendations to limit protein intake in later infancy. The impact of protein from meats for breastfed infants during complementary feeding may be different., OBJECTIVE: We examined the effect of protein from meat as complementary foods on growth and metabolic profiles of breastfed infants., DESIGN: This was a secondary analysis from a trial in which exclusively breastfed infants (5-6 mo old from the Denver, CO, metro area) were randomly assigned to receive commercially available pureed meats (Meat group; n = 14) or infant cereal (Cereal group; n = 28) as their primary complementary feedings for ~ 5 mo. Anthropometric measures and diet records were collected monthly from 5 to 9 mo of age; intakes from complementary feeding and breast milk were assessed at 9 mo of age., RESULTS: The Meat group had significantly higher protein intake, whereas energy, carbohydrate, and fat intakes from complementary feeding did not differ by group over time. At 9 mo of age, mean (+/- SEM) intakes of total (complementary feeding plus breast milk) protein were 2.9 +/- 0.6 and 1.4 +/- 0.4 g . kg(-1) . d(-1), ~ 17% and ~ 9% of daily energy intake, for Meat and Cereal groups, respectively (P < 0.001). From 5 to 9 mo of age, the weight-for-age z score (WAZ) and length-for-age z score (LAZ) increased in the Meat group (DELTAWAZ: 0.24 +/- 0.19; DELTALAZ: 0.14 +/- 0.12) and decreased in the Cereal group (DELTAWAZ: -0.07 +/- 0.17; DELTALAZ: -0.27 +/- 0.24) (P-group by time < 0.05). The change in weight-for-length z score did not differ between groups. Total protein intake at 9 mo of age and baseline WAZ were important predictors of changes in the WAZ (R(2) = 0.23, P = 0.01)., CONCLUSION: In breastfed infants, higher protein intake from meats was associated with greater linear growth and weight gain but without excessive gain in adiposity, suggesting that potential risks of high protein intake may differ between breastfed and formula-fed infants and by the source of protein. Copyright © 2014 American Society for Nutrition.
Improving women's diet quality preconceptionally and during gestation: effects on birth weight and prevalence of low birth weight--a randomized controlled efficacy trial in India (Mumbai Maternal Nutrition Project).; BACKGROUND: Low birth weight (LBW) is an important public health problem in undernourished populations., OBJECTIVE: We tested whether improving women's dietary micronutrient quality before conception and throughout pregnancy increases birth weight in a high-risk Indian population., DESIGN: The study was a nonblinded, individually randomized controlled trial. The intervention was a daily snack made from green leafy vegetables, fruit, and milk (treatment group) or low-micronutrient vegetables (potato and onion) (control group) from >= 90 d before pregnancy until delivery in addition to the usual diet. Treatment snacks contained 0.69 MJ of energy (controls: 0.37 MJ) and 10-23% of WHO Reference Nutrient Intakes of beta-carotene, riboflavin, folate, vitamin B-12, calcium, and iron (controls: 0-7%). The primary outcome was birth weight., RESULTS: Of 6513 women randomly assigned, 2291 women became pregnant, 1962 women delivered live singleton newborns, and 1360 newborns were measured. In an intention-to-treat analysis, there was no overall increase in birth weight in the treatment group (+26 g; 95% CI: -15, 68 g; P = 0.22). There was an interaction (P < 0.001) between the allocation group and maternal prepregnant body mass index (BMI; in kg/m(2)) [birth-weight effect: -23, +34, and +96 g in lowest (<18.6), middle (18.6-21.8), and highest (>21.8) thirds of BMI, respectively]. In 1094 newborns whose mothers started supplementation >= 90 d before pregnancy (per-protocol analysis), birth weight was higher in the treatment group (+48 g; 95% CI: 1, 96 g; P = 0.046). Again, the effect increased with maternal BMI (-8, +79, and +113 g; P-interaction = 0.001). There were similar results for LBW (intention-to-treat OR: 0.83; 95% CI: 0.66, 1.05; P = 0.10; per-protocol OR = 0.76; 95% CI: 0.59, 0.98; P = 0.03) but no effect on gestational age in either analysis., CONCLUSIONS: A daily snack providing additional green leafy vegetables, fruit, and milk before conception and throughout pregnancy had no overall effect on birth weight. Per-protocol and subgroup analyses indicated a possible increase in birth weight if the mother was supplemented >= 3 mo before conception and was not underweight. This trial was registered at www.controlled-trials.com/isrctn/ as ISRCTN62811278.
[Low fat milk powder containing esterified plant sterols improves the blood lipid profile of adults with hypercholesterolemia].; OBJECTIVE: To observe the impact of plant sterol esters (PSE) mixed in low fat milk powder (2.5 g of PSE/day) on plasma cholesterol levels in hypercholesterolemic subjects during a 6-week intervention period., METHODS: In this double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study, 59 subjects (19 males, mean age (60.28 +/- 6.98) years) with primary hypercholesterolemia (fasting LDL cholesterol between 3.4-6.0 mmol/L) were randomly divided into two groups (treatment group, 2.5 g of plant sterol esters a day, n = 30) and placebo group (n = 29). Blood samples were collected at week 0, 3 and 6. The primary outcome was change in plasma LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C). Secondary outcomes were changes in total cholesterol (TC), HDL cholesterol (HDL-C), triglycerides (TG), anthropometry and blood biochemistry., RESULTS: LDL-C significantly reduction from baseline (4.18 +/- 0.54) mmol/L to (3.44 +/- 0.61) mmol/L (-17.7%, P < 0.05) at week 3 and (3.35 +/- 0.39) mmol/L (-19.9%, P < 0.05) at week 6 in the treatment group, whereas in placebo group from (4.11 +/- 0.54) mmol/L at baseline to (3.47 +/- 0.60) mmol/L (-15.57%, P < 0.05) and (3.61 +/- 0.39) mmol/L (-12.17%, P < 0.05) at week 3 and week 6, respectively. TC was reduced from (6.30 +/- 0.86) mmol/L at baseline to (5.92 +/- 0.75) mmol/L (-6.03%, P > 0.05) at week 3 and (5.43 +/- 0.77) mmol/L (-13.8%, P < 0.05) at week 6 in treatment group, from (6.20 +/- 0.76) mmol/L at week 0 to (5.70 +/- 0.76) mmol/L (-8.06%, P < 0.05) at week 3 and (5.84 +/- 0.75) mmol/L (-5.81%, P < 0.05) at week 6 in placebo group. PSE-enriched milk did not affect plasma HDL-C level and TG level at both week 3 and week 6. After normalization to the placebo group, the treatment group showed significant reduction in LDL-C and total cholesteron after 6 weeks. The observed difference of reduction was 7.69% (-0.33 mmol/L, P < 0.05) for LDL-C and 8.00% (-0.51 mmol/L, P < 0.05) for TC between the two groups. There were no significant changes in safety parameters, including blood biochemistry tests during the study period., CONCLUSION: Plant sterol ester enriched milk powder is effective in reducing LDL-C among Chinese hypercholesterolemic subjects at a dosage recommended by EFSA.
Effects of probiotic yogurt consumption on metabolic factors in individuals with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.; The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of probiotic yogurt consumption on some metabolic factors in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) patients. This double-blind, randomized, controlled clinical trial was conducted on 72 patients with NAFLD (33 males and 39 females) aged 23 to 63 yr. Subjects in the intervention group (n=36) consumed 300 g/d of probiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb12 and those in the control group (n=36) consumed 300 g/d of conventional yogurt for 8 wk. Fasting blood samples, anthropometric measurements, and dietary records (24h/d for 3 d) were collected at baseline and at the end of the trial. Probiotic yogurt consumption resulted in reductions of 4.67, 5.42, 4.1, and 6.92% in serum levels of alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, total cholesterol, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, respectively, compared with control group. No significant changes were observed in levels of serum glucose, triglycerides, or high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in either group. Probiotic yogurt consumption improved hepatic enzymes, serum total cholesterol, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in studied subjects and might be useful in management of NAFLD risk factors. Copyright © 2014 American Dairy Science Association. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Randomized clinical trial in healthy individuals on the effect of viscous fiber blend on glucose tolerance when incorporated in capsules or into the carbohydrate or fat component of the meal.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: Addition of viscous fiber to foods has been shown to significantly reduce postprandial glucose excursions. However, palatability issues and the variability in effectiveness due to different methods of administration in food limits it use. This study explores the effectiveness of a viscous fiber blend (VFB) in lowering postprandial glycemia using different methods of incorporation., METHODS: Two acute, randomized, controlled studies were undertaken: Study 1: Twelve healthy individuals (mean +/- SD, age: 36 +/- 13 years, body mass index [BMI]: 27 +/- 4 kg/m(2)) consumed 8 different breakfasts. All meals consisted of 50 g of available carbohydrate from white bread (WB) and 10 g margarine. Zero, 1, 2, or 4 g of the VFB was baked into WB or mixed with the margarine. Study 2: Thirteen healthy individuals (mean +/- SD, age: 39 +/- 17 years, BMI: 25 +/- 5 kg/m(2)) consumed 6 test meals, consisting of 50 g of available carbohydrate from WB. Six capsules containing either cornstarch or VFB were taken at 4 different time points during the glucose tolerance test. After obtaining a fasting finger-prick blood sample, volunteers consumed the test meal over a 10-minute period. Additional blood samples were taken at 15, 30, 45, 60, 90, and 120 minutes from the start of the meal. For study 2, an additional fasting sample was obtained at -30 minutes., RESULTS: Study 1: Irrespective of VFB dose, glucose levels were lower at 30 and 45 minutes when VFB was mixed into the margarine compared to the control (p < 0.05). Incremental areas under the curve were significantly lower compared to control when 4 g of VFB was mixed into the margarine. Study 2: There was no effect of the VFB on postprandial glucose levels when administered in capsules., CONCLUSION: Incorporation of VFB into margarine was more effective in lowering postprandial glycemia than when the VFB was baked into bread and no effect when given in capsules.
Antiretroviral interventions for preventing breast milk transmission of HIV.; BACKGROUND: An estimated 260,000 children under the age of 15 years acquired HIV infection in 2012. As much as 42% of mother-to-child transmission is related to breastfeeding. Antiretroviral prophylaxis for mothers or infants has the potential to prevent mother-to-child transmission of HIV through breast milk., OBJECTIVES: To determine which antiretroviral prophylactic regimens are efficacious and safe for reducing mother-to-child transmission of HIV through breastfeeding and thereby avert child morbidity and mortality., SEARCH METHODS: Using Cochrane Collaboration search methods in conjunction with appropriate search terms, we identified relevant studies from January 1, 1994 to January 14, 2014 by searching databases including Cochrane CENTRAL, EMBASE and PubMed, LILACS, and Web of Science/Web of Social Science., SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomized controlled trials in which HIV-infected mothers breastfed their infants, and in which the mothers used antiretroviral prophylaxis while breastfeeding their children or their children received antiretroviral prophylaxis for at least four weeks while breastfeeding, were included., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Abstracts of all trials identified were examined independently by two authors. We identified 15,922 references and examined 81 in detail. Data were abstracted independently using a standardized form., MAIN RESULTS: Seven RCTs were included in the review.One trial compared triple antiretroviral prophylaxis during pregnancy and breastfeeding with short antiretroviral prophylaxis to given to the mother to prevent mother-to-child transmission of HIV. At 12 months, the risks of HIV transmission, and of HIV transmission or death, were lower, but there was no difference in infant mortality alone in the triple arm versus the short arm. Using the GRADE methodology, evidence quality for outcomes in this trial was generally low to moderate.One trial compared six months of breastfeeding using zidovudine, lamivudine, and lopinavir/ritonavir versus zidovudine, lamivudine, and abacavir from 26-34 weeks gestation. At six months, there was no difference in risk of infant HIV infection, infant death, or infant HIV infection or death between the two groups. Evidence quality for outcomes in this trial was generally very low to low.One trial of single dose nevirapine versus six weeks of infant zidovudine found the risk of HIV infection at 12 weeks to be greater in the zidovudine arm than in the single dose nevirapine arm. Evidence quality for outcomes in this trial was generally very low.One multi-country trial compared single dose nevirapine and six weeks of infant nevirapine. After 12 months, infants in the extended nevirapine group had a lower risk of infant mortality compared with the control. There was no difference in the risk of HIV infection or death or in HIV transmission alone in the extended nevirapine group compared with the control. Evidence quality for outcomes in this trial was generally low to moderate.One trial compared single dose nevirapine plus one week zidovudine; the control regimen plus nevirapine up to 14 weeks; or the control regimen with dual prophylaxis up to 14 weeks. At 24 months, the extended nevirapine regimen group had a lower risk of HIV transmission and of HIV transmission or death vs. the control. There was no difference in infant mortality alone. Compared with controls, the dual prophylaxis group had a lower risk of HIV transmission and of HIV transmission or death, but no difference in infant mortality alone. There was no difference in these outcomes between the two intervention arms. Evidence quality for outcomes in this trial was generally moderate to high.One trial compared six weeks of nevirapine with six months of nevirapine. Among infants of mothers not using highly active antiretroviral therapy, there was no difference in risk of HIV infection among the six month nevirapine group versus the six week nevirapine group. Evidence quality for outcomes in this trial was generally low to moderate.One trial compared a maternal triple-drug antiretroviral regimen, infant nevirapine, or neither intervention. Infants in the maternal prophylaxis arm were at lower risk for HIV, and HIV infection or death when compared with the control group. There was no difference in the risk of infant mortality alone. Infants with extended prophylaxis had a lower risk of HIV infection and of HIV infection or death versus the control group infants. There was no difference in the risk of infant mortality alone in the extended infant nevirapine group versus the control. There was no difference in HIV infection, infant mortality, and HIV infection or death between the maternal and extended infant prophylaxis groups. Evidence quality for outcomes in this trial was generally low to moderate., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: Antiretroviral prophylaxis, whether used by the HIV-infected mother or the HIV-exposed infant while breastfeeding, is efficacious in preventing mother-to-child transmission of HIV. Further research is needed regarding maternal resistance and response to subsequent antiretroviral therapy after maternal prophylaxis. An ongoing trial (IMPAACT 1077BF) compares the efficacy and safety of maternal triple antiretroviral prophylaxis versus daily infant nevirapine for prevention of mother-to-child transmission through breastfeeding.
Effects of hydrolysed casein, intact casein and intact whey protein on energy expenditure and appetite regulation: a randomised, controlled, cross-over study.; Casein and whey differ in amino acid composition and in the rate of absorption; however, the absorption rate of casein can be increased to mimic that of whey by exogenous hydrolysis. The objective of the present study was to compare the effects of hydrolysed casein (HC), intact casein (IC) and intact whey (IW) on energy expenditure (EE) and appetite regulation, and thereby to investigate the influence of amino acid composition and the rate of absorption. In the present randomised cross-over study, twenty-four overweight and moderately obese young men and women consumed three isoenergetic dietary treatments that varied in protein source. The study was conducted in a respiration chamber, where EE, substrate oxidation and subjective appetite were measured over 24 h at three independent visits. Moreover, blood and urine samples were collected from the participants. The results showed no differences in 24 h and postprandial EE or appetite regulation. However, lipid oxidation, estimated from the respiratory quotient (RQ), was found to be higher after consumption of IW than after consumption of HC during daytime (P= 0.014) as well as during the time after the breakfast meal (P= 0.008) when the food was provided. Likewise, NEFA concentrations were found to be higher after consumption of IW than after consumption of HC and IC (P< 0.01). However, there was no overall difference in the concentration of insulin or glucagon-like peptide 1. In conclusion, dietary treatments when served as high-protein mixed meals induced similar effects on EE and appetite regulation, except for lipid oxidation, where RQ values suggest that it is higher after consumption of IW than after consumption of HC.
Natural oil-based emulsion containing allantoin versus aqueous cream for managing radiation-induced skin reactions in patients with cancer: a phase 3, double-blind, randomized, controlled trial.; PURPOSE: To investigate the effects of a natural oil-based emulsion containing allantoin versus aqueous cream for preventing and managing radiation-induced skin reactions., METHODS AND MATERIALS: A total of 174 patients were randomized and participated in the study. Patients received either cream 1 (the natural oil-based emulsion containing allantoin) or cream 2 (aqueous cream). Skin toxicity, pain, itching, and skin-related quality of life scores were collected for up to 4 weeks after radiation treatment., RESULTS: Patients who received cream 1 had a significantly lower average level of Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events at week 3 (P<.05) but had statistically higher average levels of skin toxicity at weeks 7, 8, and 9 (all P<.001). Similar results were observed when skin toxicity was analyzed by grades. With regards to pain, patients in the cream 2 group had a significantly higher average level of worst pain (P<.05) and itching (P=.046) compared with the cream 1 group at week 3; however, these differences were not observed at other weeks. In addition, there was a strong trend for cream 2 to reduce the incidence of grade 2 or more skin toxicity in comparison with cream 1 (P=.056). Overall, more participants in the cream 1 group were required to use another topical treatment at weeks 8 (P=.049) and 9 (P=.01)., CONCLUSION: The natural oil-based emulsion containing allantoin seems to have similar effects for managing skin toxicity compared with aqueous cream up to week 5; however, it becomes significantly less effective at later weeks into the radiation treatment and beyond treatment completion (week 6 and beyond). There were no major differences in pain, itching, and skin-related quality of life. In light of these results, clinicians and patients can base their decision on costs and preferences. Overall, aqueous cream seems to be a more preferred option. Crown Copyright © 2014. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Certain dietary patterns are beneficial for the metabolic syndrome: reviewing the evidence.; The metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a global public health issue of increasing magnitude. The Asia-Pacific region is expected to be hardest hit due to large population numbers, rising obesity, and insulin resistance (IR). This review assessed the protective effects of dietary patterns and their components on MetS. A literature search was conducted using prominent electronic databases and search terms that included in combination: diet, dietary components, dietary patterns, and metabolic syndrome. Articles were restricted to prospective studies and high quality randomized controlled trials that were conducted on humans, reported in the English language, and within the time period of 2000 to 2012. Traditional factors such as age, gender, physical activity, and obesity were associated with risk of MetS; however, these potential confounders were not always accounted for in study outcomes. Three dietary patterns emerged from the review; a Mediterranean dietary pattern, dietary approaches to stop hypertension diet, and the Nordic Diet. Potential contributors to their beneficial effects on prevalence of MetS or reduction in MetS components included increases in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, dairy and dairy components, calcium, vitamin D, and whey protein, as well as monounsaturated fatty acids, and omega-3 fatty acids. Additional prospective and high quality randomized controlled trial studies that investigate Mediterranean dietary pattern, the dietary approaches to stop hypertension diet, and the Nordic Diet would cement the protective benefits of these diets against the MetS. Copyright © 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of nutritional supplementation for HIV patients starting antiretroviral treatment: randomised controlled trial in Ethiopia.; OBJECTIVES: To determine the effects of lipid based nutritional supplements with either whey or soy protein in patients with HIV during the first three months of antiretroviral treatment (ART) and to explore effects of timing by comparing supplementation at the start of ART and after three months delay., DESIGN: Randomised controlled trial., SETTING: Three public ART facilities in Jimma, Oromia region, Ethiopia., PARTICIPANTS: Adults with HIV eligible for ART with body mass index (BMI) >16., INTERVENTION: Daily supplementation with 200 g (4600 kJ) of supplement containing whey or soy during either the first three or the subsequent three months of ART., OUTCOME MEASURES: Primary: lean body mass assessed with deuterium dilution, grip strength measured with dynamometers, and physical activity measured with accelerometer and heart rate monitors. Secondary: viral load and CD4 counts. Auxiliary: weight and CD3 and CD8 counts., RESULTS: Of 318 patients enrolled, 210 (66%) were women, mean age was 33 (SD 9), and mean BMI was 19.5 (SD 2.4). At three months, participants receiving the supplements containing whey or soy had increased their lean body mass by 0.85 kg (95% confidence interval 0.16 kg to 1.53 kg) and 0.97 kg (0.29 kg to 1.64 kg), respectively, more than controls. This was accompanied by an increased gain of grip strength of 0.68 kg (-0.11 kg to 1.46 kg) for the whey supplement group and 0.93 kg (0.16 kg to 1.70 kg) for the soy supplement group. There were no effects on physical activity. Total weight gain increased by 2.05 kg (1.12 kg to 2.99 kg) and 2.06 kg (1.14 kg to 2.97 kg) for the whey and soy groups, respectively. In addition, in the whey supplement group overall CD3 counts improved by 150 cells/microL (24 to 275 cells/microL), of which 112 cells/microL (15 to 209 cells/microL) were CD8 and 25 cells/microL (-2 to 53 cells/microL) were CD4. Effects of the soy containing supplement on immune recovery were not significant. The effects of the two supplements, however, were not significantly different in direct comparison. Exploratory analysis showed that relatively more lean body mass was gained by patients with undetectable viral load at three months. Patients receiving delayed supplementation had higher weight gain but lower gains in functional outcomes., CONCLUSIONS: Lipid based nutritional supplements improved gain of weight, lean body mass, and grip strength in patients with HIV starting ART. Supplements containing whey were associated with improved immune recovery. Trial registration Controlled-trials.com ISRCTN32453477. Copyright © Olsen et al 2014.
[Effect of the liquid milk nutritional supplement with enhanced content of whey protein on the nutritional status of the elderly].; AIM: The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of long-term administration of liquid nutritional supplement with increased amounts of whey protein and reduced amounts of lactose, produced in accordance with a new recipe "Nutrisen" on the elderly living in institutionalized care., METHODS: The study was carried out from May to July, 2013, on 47 retirement home residents, living in Prague, all of which were 65 years or older. Supplemented group (n = 23) consumed (200 ml) milk drinks with three different flavours on a daily basis for eight weeks. The reference group was on a normal diet. There was no significant difference in baseline characteristics between participants in both groups. Anthropometric and biochemical indicators of nutritional status and tolerance of the nutritional supplement during long-term use were evaluated., RESULTS: Both compliance (daily intake program) and tolerance of the nutritionally defined supplement were very good. For the supplemented group, there was an average weight increased of 700 grams after the 8 week nutritional supplement test period. Average levels of albumin and prealbumin increased significantly (from the beginning to the end of the program), 35.5 +/- 4.52 g/l vs 36.19 +/- 4.1 g/l and 0.160 +/- 0.05 vs 0.174 +/- 0.04 g/l (p < 0.05), vitamin D levels increased from 31.2 +/- 16.4 nmol/l to 36.8 +/- 17.7 nmol/l (p < 0.001) and HDL-cholesterol levels increased from 1.29 +/- 0.33 mmol/l to 1.35 +/- 0.35 mmol/l (p < 0.001)., CONCLUSION: The specific nutritionally defined milk drink (Nutrisen), used in this study, was well tolerated by the elderly study participants, over the eight-week clinical study. We observed a positive effect on the participants weight, serum albumin, prealbumin, vitamin D and HDL-cholesterol.
Randomized trial of human milk cream as a supplement to standard fortification of an exclusive human milk-based diet in infants 750-1250 g birth weight.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether premature infants who received an exclusive human milk (HM)-based diet and a HM-derived cream supplement (cream) would have weight gain (g/kg/d) at least as good as infants receiving a standard feeding regimen (control)., STUDY DESIGN: In a prospective noninferiority, randomized, unmasked study, infants with a birth weight 750-1250 g were randomly assigned to the control or cream group. The control group received mother's own milk or donor HM with donor HM-derived fortifier. The cream group received a HM-derived cream supplement if the energy density of the HM tested <20 kcal/oz using a near infrared HM analyzer. Infants were continued on the protocol until 36 weeks postmenstrual age. Primary outcomes included growth velocities and amount of donor HM-derived fortifier used. The hypothesis of noninferiority was established if the lower bound of the one-sided 95% CI for the difference in weight velocities exceeded -3 g/kg/day., RESULTS: There were no differences between groups in baseline demographics for the 78 infants studied except racial distribution (P = .02). The cream group (n = 39) had superior weight (14.0 +/- 2.5 vs 12.4 +/- 3.0 g/kg/d, P = .03) and length (1.03 +/- 0.33 vs 0.83 +/- 0.41 cm/wk, P = .02) velocity compared with the control group (n = 39). There were no significant differences in amount of fortifier used between study groups. The 1-sided 95% lower bound of the CI for the difference in mean velocity (cream-control) was 0.38 g/kg/d., CONCLUSIONS: Premature infants who received HM-derived cream to fortified HM had improved weight and length velocity compared with the control group. HM-derived cream should be considered an adjunctive supplement to an exclusive HM-based diet to improve growth rates in premature infants. Copyright © 2014 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Impact of dairy consumption on essential hypertension: a clinical study.; BACKGROUND: Several studies have presented evidence suggesting that dairy consumption has beneficial effects on blood pressure (BP) in healthy subjects; however, only a few studies have examined this possibility in patients with established essential hypertension using ambulatory blood pressure monitoring. The objective of this study was to investigate how consuming dairy products impacts mean daytime systolic and diastolic BP in men and women with mild to moderate essential hypertension., METHODS: Eighty-nine men and women with systolic BP >= 135 mm Hg and <= 160 mm Hg and diastolic BP <= 110 mm Hg were enrolled in this single-blind, randomized, cross-over, controlled study. Participants had to incorporate three daily servings of dairy products or control products equivalent in macronutrients and sodium during four-week treatment phases. Twenty-four hour ambulatory BP and endothelial function were assessed at screening and at the end of each dietary phase., RESULTS: The consumption of three daily servings of dairy products led to a significant reduction in mean daytime ambulatory systolic BP (-2 mm Hg; P = 0.05) in men compared with readings after the control phase. In women, dairy consumption had no effect on ambulatory systolic BP. Moreover, endothelial function was significantly improved by dairy consumption in the whole cohort., CONCLUSION: These data indicate that the consumption of three daily servings of dairy products have beneficial effects on daytime systolic ambulatory BP compared to a heart-healthy, dairy-free, diet in men with mild to moderate essential hypertension., TRIAL REGISTRATION: This trial is registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01776216.
Cardiovascular risk markers until 12 mo of age in infants fed a formula supplemented with bovine milk fat globule membranes.; BACKGROUND: Some of the health advantages of breast-fed as compared to formula-fed infants have been suggested to be due to metabolic programming effects resulting from early nutrition., METHODS: In a prospective double-blinded randomized trial, 160 infants <2 mo of age were randomized to experimental formula (EF) with added milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) or standard formula (SF) until 6 mo of age. A breast-fed reference (BFR) group consisted of 80 infants. Measurements were made at inclusion and at 4, 6, and 12 mo of age., RESULTS: During the intervention, the EF group had higher total serum cholesterol concentration than the SF group, reaching the level of the BFR group. The EF group had a low-density lipoprotein to high-density lipoprotein ratio not significantly different from the SF group but lower than the BFR group., CONCLUSION: Supplementation of infant formula with MFGM modified the fat composition of the formula and narrowed the gap between breast-fed and formula-fed infants with regard to serum lipid status at 12 mo.
Efficacy of yogurt drink with added plant stanol esters (Benecol R, Colanta) in reducing total and LDL cholesterol in subjects with moderate hypercholesterolemia: a randomized placebo-controlled crossover trial NCT01461798.; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular diseases have become the leading cause of death from chronic diseases in the world. Main risk factors include hypercholesterolemia, which is caused in most cases by a high saturated fat diet. Plant stanol esters partly block cholesterol absorption in the digestive tract and thereby reduce total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol serum levels. Based on epidemiological data, a 10 percent reduction of LDL cholesterol leads to a 20 percent decrease in the coronary heart disease risk throughout life. The aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of yogurt drink with added plant stanol esters (Benecol R yogurt drink) in higher doses than the typically used (2g/d stanols), in lowering blood lipids in moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects., METHODS: A randomized double-blind crossover, placebo-controlled study in moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects (n = 40) aged between 20 and 50 years old., RESULTS: Yogurt drink with added plant stanols (4 g) as esters (Benecol R, Colanta) consumption compared to regular yogurt drink caused a statistically significant decrease in total cholesterol and low density lipoprotein cholesterol by 7.2% and 10.3%. During the two periods and compared to controls, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides were not significantly different., CONCLUSIONS: Yogurt drink with an active ingredient in Benecol R, plant stanol esters, reduced total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol in moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects., TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT01461798.
Effect on blood lipids of two daily servings of Camembert cheese. An intervention trial in mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects.; As a concentrated source of saturated fat, cheese consumption is considered to be associated with increased cholesterolemia and generally forbidden in dietary guidelines for adults with hypercholesterolemia. The aim of this study was to evaluate the impact of saturated fatty acids on lipid parameters and blood pressure with regards to different types of dairy products: Camembert and full-fat yoghurt. One-hundred and fifty-nine moderate hypercholesterolemic subjects without treatment were instructed to consume two full-fat yoghurts (2 x 125 g) per day for 3 weeks (run-in period) and then for a further period of 5 weeks, either two full-fat yoghurts or two 30 g servings of Camembert cheese per day. We observed that over the 5-week daily consumption of two servings of Camembert cheese, blood pressure and serum lipids did not change in moderate hypercholesterolemic subjects. These results suggest that fermented cheese such as Camembert could be consumed daily without affecting serum lipids or blood pressure.
Dietary manipulation of oncogenic microRNA expression in human rectal mucosa: a randomized trial.; High red meat (HRM) intake is associated with increased colorectal cancer risk, while resistant starch is probably protective. Resistant starch fermentation produces butyrate, which can alter microRNA (miRNA) levels in colorectal cancer cells in vitro; effects of red meat and resistant starch on miRNA expression in vivo were unknown. This study examined whether a HRM diet altered miRNA expression in rectal mucosa tissue of healthy volunteers, and if supplementation with butyrylated resistant starch (HRM+HAMSB) modified this response. In a randomized cross-over design, 23 volunteers undertook four 4-week dietary interventions; an HRM diet (300 g/day lean red meat) and an HRM+HAMSB diet (HRM with 40 g/day butyrylated high amylose maize starch), preceded by an entry diet and separated by a washout. Fecal butyrate increased with the HRM+HAMSB diet. Levels of oncogenic mature miRNAs, including miR17-92 cluster miRNAs and miR21, increased in the rectal mucosa with the HRM diet, whereas the HRM+HAMSB diet restored miR17-92 miRNAs, but not miR21, to baseline levels. Elevated miR17-92 and miR21 in the HRM diet corresponded with increased cell proliferation, and a decrease in miR17-92 target gene transcript levels, including CDKN1A. The oncogenic miR17-92 cluster is differentially regulated by dietary factors that increase or decrease risk for colorectal cancer, and this may explain, at least in part, the respective risk profiles of HRM and resistant starch. These findings support increased resistant starch consumption as a means of reducing risk associated with an HRM diet. Copyright ©2014 American Association for Cancer Research.
Effects of probiotic yogurt on fat distribution and gene expression of proinflammatory factors in peripheral blood mononuclear cells in overweight and obese people with or without weight-loss diet.; OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this study was to investigate whether probiotics had an effect on proinflammatory markers and cytokines in overweight and obese individuals and whether they could have synergistic effects with weight-loss diets., METHODS: A total of 75 healthy overweight and obese individuals completed this randomized doubled-blind controlled clinical trial. Participants were randomly assigned to groups consuming regular yogurt with a low-calorie diet (LCD, RLCD; n = 25) or receiving probiotic yogurt with LCD (PLCD; n = 25) or consuming probiotic yogurt without LCD (PWLCD; n = 25) for 8 weeks. The pribiotic regimen contained 200 g/day yogurt, enriched by Lactobacillus acidophilus La5, Bifidobacterium BB12, and Lactobacillus casei DN001 10(8) colony-forming units/g. Body fat percentage, high-sensitive C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), leptin, and mRNA levels of inflammation-related genes (TNF-alpha and RAR-related orphan receptor gamma [ROR-gammat]) in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) were measured., RESULTS: A reduction in body mass index (BMI), fat percentage, and leptin level was observed that was more obvious in groups who received the weight-loss diet with probiotic yogurt. Reduction in the gene expression of ROR-gammat was significant in the PLCD group (p < 0.001). The expression of TNF-alpha did not change among all groups after intervention. The mean concentration of leptin was significantly decreased in all groups after the dietary intervention, but the mean changes in leptin level in the PLCD group was more prominent compared to the other two groups (-2.38, p < 0.001 [PLCD] vs -1.75, p = 0.002 [RLCD] and -0.55 ng/mL, p = 0.12 [PWLCD]). The reduction in serum levels of hs-CRP was more evident in the PWLCD group compared to the PLCD and RLCD groups after the 8-week intervention (-3.4, p = 0.03 vs -1.76, p < 0.001 and -2.98 pg/mL, p < 0.001, respectively)., CONCLUSION: Our results suggested that the weight-loss diet and probiotic yogurt had synergistic effects on T-cells subset specific gene expression in PBMCs, fat percentage, and body weight among overweight and obese individuals.
Lipid profile and non-cholesterol sterols in obese women's serum after supplementing with plant stanol ester.; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to assess the influence of increased plant stanol ester intake on lipid profile and serum ratio of non-cholesterol sterols to cholesterol in obese women (50 years of age) with dyslipidemia., METHODS: 90 females were assigned into 2 treatment groups: For a period of 4 weeks, group 1 was receiving a yoghurt, enriched with 2 g of plant stanol ester (PS group), and group 2 was receiving a yoghurt drink without extra stanols. Anthropometric measurements included body height and weight. Lipid profile was determined by commercially available enzymatic methods. Serum non-cholesterol sterols and stanols concentrations were quantitated by gas chromatography. The study was single-blind and placebo-controlled., RESULTS: The yoghurt drink enriched with plant stanol ester significantly reduced serum total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and non-HDL cholesterol levels (p < 0.05). No changes were observed in HDL cholesterol and triacylglycerol levels. The highest drop of LDL cholesterol was noted in the upper quartile of total cholesterol concentrations. In the PS group the statistically significant (p < 0.0001) changes were also observed in serum ratios of non-cholesterol sterols to cholesterol: campesterol, sitosterol, sitostanol, and avenasterol., CONCLUSION: Plant stanol esters influence the concentration of total cholesterol, particularly LDL cholesterol. This effect seems to be related to the reduced dietary cholesterol absorption. Copyright © 2014 S. Karger GmbH, Freiburg.
Treating breast cancer radiotherapy-induced moist desquamation with a traditional Chinese medicine formula: a case series pilot study.; UNLABELLED: Abstract Objective: A case series is presented to investigate the efficacy and safety of Erhegao for patients with breast cancer who have radiotherapy-induced moist desquamation., METHODS: Eighteen women with breast cancer who received radiotherapy and developed moist desquamation were enrolled. Erhegao cream, a Traditional Chinese Medicine formula consisting of zinc oxide powder, calamine powder, and lithospermum oil, was applied on areas of moist desquamation. Application was repeated once a day until healing. The primary end point for efficacy was the time to healing of the moist desquamation areas. A numerical rating scale was used to measure wound pain relief daily. Incidence of toxicity was also assessed., RESULTS: The average time to healing of the moist desquamation area was 13.56 days. The mean pain scores on the first, third, and seventh days were 5.22, 2.94, and 0.83, respectively. Eight-three percent of patients reported pain relief after the first 3 days, and 94%, after the first week. The mean daily reduction in the pain score was 0.40. None of the patients developed clinical infections or reported any toxicity., CONCLUSIONS: This formula is effective and safe, especially for pain relief, and may be an alternative treatment for radiotherapy-induced moist desquamation in patients with breast cancer. Future randomized, controlled studies are needed to better evaluate the efficacy of Erhegao cream.
Moderate amounts of fructose- or glucose-sweetened beverages do not differentially alter metabolic health in male and female adolescents.; BACKGROUND: Adolescents consume more sugar-sweetened beverages than do individuals in any other age group, but it is unknown how the type of sugar-sweetened beverage affects metabolic health in this population., OBJECTIVE: The objective was to compare the metabolic health effects of short-term (2-wk) consumption of high-fructose (HF) and high-glucose (HG)-sweetened beverages in adolescents (15-20 y of age)., DESIGN: In a counterbalanced, single-blind fashion, 40 male and female adolescents completed two 2-wk trials that included 1) an HF trial in which they consumed 710 mL of a sugar-sweetened beverage/d (equivalent to 50 g fructose/d and 15 g glucose/d) for 2 wk and 2) an HG trial in which they consumed 710 mL of a sugar-sweetened beverage/d (equivalent to 50 g glucose/d and 15 g fructose/d) for 2 wk in addition to their normal ad libitum diet. In addition, the participants maintained similar physical activity levels during each trial. The day after each trial, insulin sensitivity and resistance [assessed via Quantitative Insulin Sensitivity Check Index (QUICKI) and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index] and fasting and postprandial glucose, lactate, lipid, cholesterol, insulin, C-peptide, insulin secretion, and clearance responses to HF or HG mixed meals were assessed., RESULTS: Body weight, QUICKI (whole-body insulin sensitivity), HOMA-IR (hepatic insulin resistance), and fasting lipids, cholesterol, glucose, lactate, and insulin secretion or clearance were not different between trials. Fasting HDL- and HDL3-cholesterol concentrations were ~10-31% greater (P < 0.05) in female adolescents than in male adolescents. Postprandial triacylglycerol, HDL-cholesterol, HDL3-cholesterol, and glucose concentrations were not different between HF and HG trials. The lactate incremental area under the curve was ~3.7-fold greater during the HF trial (P < 0.05), whereas insulin secretion was 19% greater during the HG trial (P < 0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: Moderate amounts of HF- or HG-sweetened beverages for 2 wk did not have differential effects on fasting or postprandial cholesterol, triacylglycerol, glucose, or hepatic insulin clearance in weight-stable, physically active adolescents. Copyright © 2014 American Society for Nutrition.
Bovine complex milk lipid containing gangliosides for prevention of rotavirus infection and diarrhoea in northern Indian infants.; Rotavirus (RV) is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality in children younger than 5 years of age, presenting commonly with diarrhoeal symptoms. In a prospective 12-week double-blind randomised controlled trial we assessed acceptability and efficacy of a high-ganglioside complex milk lipid (CML) for prevention of RV infection in 450 infants, ages 8 to 24 months, at 3 sites in northern India. Prevalence of diarrhoea and RV was unseasonably low at baseline (all-cause diarrhoea [ACD], n = 16; RV diarrhoea [RVD], n = 2; RV infection, RV positive [RV+], n = 20) and throughout the trial, with only 110 total episodes of ACD for 12 weeks (CML, n = 62; control, n = 48) of which 10 were RVD (CML, n = 4; control, n = 6). Mean duration that RVD persisted was lower in the CML group (2.3 +/- 0.5 days) than that in the control group (3.8 +/- 1.3 days, P = 0.03), but only 3 of 450 end of trial stool samples were identified as RV+ (<1%; CML, n = 2; control, n = 1). This hampered the assessment of efficacy of CML, despite the large a priori determined sample size. During the trial similar numbers of infants reported adverse events (AEs: CML 41%, control 46%), with the majority of events classified as mild and not related to the intervention. In conclusion, further clinical trials against a higher background of seasonal prevalence are necessary to assess efficacy of this nutritional intervention to prevent RVD. More important, however, high-ganglioside CML was acceptable for long-term consumption in infants ages 8 to 24 months.
Sources and correlates of sodium consumption in the first 2 years of life.; BACKGROUND: High sodium intake during infancy and early childhood can change salt preference and blood pressure trajectories across life, representing a modifiable cardiovascular risk factor. Describing young children's sodium intake is important for informing effective targets for sodium reduction., OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to describe food sources and demographic and behavioral correlates of sodium intake in 295 young Australian children using three unscheduled 24-hour recalls (when children were 9 and then 18 months of age) with mothers participating within an existing randomized controlled trial, the Melbourne Infant Feeding Activity and Nutrition Trial (InFANT) Program., METHODS: Differences in individual-level and family-level demographic and behavioral variables were assessed across tertiles of sodium density (mg/1,000 kcal). Descriptive statistics were used to describe food-group contributions to total energy and sodium intakes at both ages., RESULTS: Mean sodium intake was 486 mg (standard deviation=232 mg) at 9 months and had more than doubled to 1,069 mg (standard deviation=331 mg) at 18 months of age. Fifty-four percent of children at 18 months exceeded the Recommended Daily Upper Level for sodium intake, with bread, cheese, breakfast cereal, soup, and mixed dishes all important sources of sodium at both ages. Yeast extracts, processed meats, and bread products became important additional sources at 18 months. A greater proportion of children in the highest sodium-density tertile had ceased breastfeeding and had commenced solids at an earlier age., CONCLUSIONS: The key food sources of sodium for children younger than 2 years are those that contribute to the whole population's high salt burden and highlight the essential role governments and food industry must play to reduce salt in commonly consumed foods. Copyright © 2014 Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Growth of healthy term infants fed partially hydrolyzed whey-based infant formula: a randomized, blinded, controlled trial.; Partially hydrolyzed formulas (pHF) represent a significant percentage of the infant formula market. A new whey-based, palm olein oil (PO)-free pHF was developed and a masked, randomized, parallel growth study was conducted in infants fed this formula or a commercially available whey-based pHF with PO. Infants between 0 and 8 days were to be enrolled and studied to 119 days of age. Growth and tolerance of infants were evaluated. Mean weight gain from 14 to 119 days of age was similar between groups. There were no significant differences between groups in weight, length, head circumference (HC), or length or HC gains. Infants fed the new PO-free pHF had significantly softer stools than those fed the PO-containing formula except at 119 days of age. This study demonstrates that whereas growth of infants fed different formulas during the first 4 months of life may be similar, infants may tolerate individual formulas differently. Copyright © The Author(s) 2014.
Incretin, insulinotropic and glucose-lowering effects of whey protein pre-load in type 2 diabetes: a randomised clinical trial.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Since protein ingestion is known to stimulate the secretion of glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1), we hypothesised that enhancing GLP-1 secretion to harness its insulinotropic/beta cell-stimulating activity with whey protein pre-load may have beneficial glucose-lowering effects in type 2 diabetes., METHODS: In a randomised, open-label crossover clinical trial, we studied 15 individuals with well-controlled type 2 diabetes who were not taking any medications except for sulfonylurea or metformin. These participants consumed, on two separate days, 50 g whey in 250 ml water or placebo (250 ml water) followed by a standardised high-glycaemic-index breakfast in a hospital setting. Participants were randomised using a coin flip. The primary endpoints of the study were plasma concentrations of glucose, intact GLP-1 and insulin during the 30 min following meal ingestion., RESULTS: In each group, 15 patients were analysed. The results showed that over the whole 180 min post-meal period, glucose levels were reduced by 28% after whey pre-load with a uniform reduction during both early and late phases. Insulin and C-peptide responses were both significantly higher (by 105% and 43%, respectively) with whey pre-load. Notably, the early insulin response was 96% higher after whey. Similarly, both total GLP-1 (tGLP-1) and intact GLP-1 (iGLP-1) levels were significantly higher (by 141% and 298%, respectively) with whey pre-load. Dipeptidyl peptidase 4 plasma activity did not display any significant difference after breakfast between the groups., CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: In summary, consumption of whey protein shortly before a high-glycaemic-index breakfast increased the early prandial and late insulin secretion, augmented tGLP-1 and iGLP-1 responses and reduced postprandial glycaemia in type 2 diabetic patients. Whey protein may therefore represent a novel approach for enhancing glucose-lowering strategies in type 2 diabetes. Trial registration ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01571622 Funding The Israeli Ministry of Health and Milk Council funded the research.
Consuming a buttermilk drink containing lutein-enriched egg yolk daily for 1 year increased plasma lutein but did not affect serum lipid or lipoprotein concentrations in adults with early signs of age-related macular degeneration.; Dietary lutein intake is postulated to interfere with the development of age-related macular degeneration (AMD). Because egg yolk-derived lutein has a high bioavailability, long-term consumption of lutein-enriched eggs might be effective in preventing AMD development, but alternatively might increase cardiovascular disease risk. Here, we report the effect of 1-y daily consumption of a buttermilk drink containing 1.5 lutein-rich egg yolks on serum lipid and lipoprotein and plasma lutein concentrations. Additionally, subgroups that could potentially benefit the most from the intervention were identified. Men and women who had early signs of AMD in at least 1 eye, but were otherwise healthy, participated in a 1-y randomized, placebo-controlled parallel intervention trial. At the start of the study, 101 participants were included: 52 in the experimental (Egg) group and 49 in the control (Con) group. Final analyses were performed with 45 participants in the Egg group and 43 participants in the Con group. As expected, the increase in plasma lutein concentrations in the Egg group was 83% higher than that in the Con group (P < 0.001). Changes in serum total, HDL, and LDL cholesterol, as well as the ratio of total cholesterol to HDL cholesterol, were not different between the 2 groups. Interestingly, participants classified as cholesterol absorbers had higher serum HDL cholesterol concentrations than participants classified as cholesterol synthesizers or participants with average campesterol-to-lathosterol ratios (P < 0.05) at baseline. In addition, cholesterol absorbers had a 229% higher increase in plasma lutein concentrations than participants who were classified as having an average campesterol-to-lathosterol ratio upon consumption of the lutein-enriched egg yolk drink (P < 0.05). Moreover, the change in serum HDL cholesterol upon consumption was significantly different between these 3 groups (P < 0.05). We suggest that cholesterol absorbers particularly might benefit from the lutein-enriched buttermilk drink. This study was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00902408. Copyright © 2014 American Society for Nutrition.
Dark chocolate acutely improves walking autonomy in patients with peripheral artery disease.; BACKGROUND: NOX-2, the catalytic subunit of NADPH oxidase, has a key role in the formation of reactive oxidant species and is implicated in impairing flow-mediated dilation (FMD). Dark chocolate exerts artery dilatation via down-regulating NOX2-mediated oxidative stress. The aim of this study was to investigate whether dark chocolate improves walking autonomy in peripheral artery disease (PAD) patients via an oxidative stress-mediated mechanism., METHODS AND RESULTS: FMD, serum levels of isoprostanes, nitrite/nitrate (NOx) and sNOX2-dp, a marker of blood NOX2 activity, maximal walking distance (MWD) and maximal walking time (MWT) were studied in 20 PAD patients (14 males and 6 females, mean age: 69+/-9 years) randomly allocated to 40 g of dark chocolate (>85% cocoa) or 40 g of milk chocolate (<=35% cocoa) in a single blind, cross-over design. The above variables were assessed at baseline and 2 hours after chocolate ingestion. Dark chocolate intake significantly increased MWD (+11%; P<0.001), MWT (+15%; P<0.001), serum NOx (+57%; P<0.001) and decreased serum isoprostanes (-23%; P=0.01) and sNOX2-dp (-37%; P<0.001); no changes of the above variables were observed after milk chocolate intake. Serum epicatechin and its methylated metabolite significantly increased only after dark chocolate ingestion. Multiple linear regression analysis showed that DELTA of MWD was independently associated with DELTA of MWT (P<0.001) and DELTA of NOx (P=0.018). In vitro study demonstrated that HUVEC incubated with a mixture of polyphenols significantly increased nitric oxide (P<0.001) and decreased E-selectin (P<0.001) and VCAM1 (P<0.001)., CONCLUSION: In PAD patients dark but not milk chocolate acutely improves walking autonomy with a mechanism possibly related to an oxidative stress-mediated mechanism involving NOX2 regulation., CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION URL: http://www.clinicaltrials.gov. Unique identifier: NCT01947712. Copyright © 2014 The Authors. Published on behalf of the American Heart Association, Inc., by Wiley Blackwell.
A genetic variant of PPARA modulates cardiovascular risk biomarkers after milk consumption.; OBJECTIVE: The association of dairy food consumption with the risk for developing cardiovascular disease (CVD) has been investigated in many studies, but results often have been contradictory. The aim of the present study was to determine whether genetic polymorphisms are associated with interindividual variation in the response of CVD risk biomarker values after milk consumption., METHODS: Fourteen single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in nine genes related to lipid metabolism were examined in 161 volunteers randomly allocated to consume either 500 mL/d of skimmed (S) or semi-skimmed (SS) milk for 1 year in addition to their usual diets. Total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (TC/HDL-C) and low-density lipoprotein/HDL-C ratios were used as biomarkers of CVD risk. Three-way repeated-measures analysis of variance was used to examine the effect of time, treatment (S or SS), and genotype on these biomarkers., RESULTS: A TT genotype for the proliferator-activated receptor alpha polymorphism (PPARA rs135549 SNP) was significantly associated with a reduction in the TC/HDL and LDL/HDL ratios after 12 mo of S milk intake (mean reduction -0.29, 95% confidence interval [CI], -0.63 to 0.05; P = 0.0015 and -0.31, 95% CI, -0.58 to -0.03; P = 0.0005, respectively). However, no differences were observed after consuming either S or SS milk in the C allele carriers., CONCLUSIONS: Saturated fatty acid consumption has long been linked to an increased risk for CVD; indeed, the consumption of saturated fat-free products is recommended as a means of reducing this risk. However, the present results suggest that many individuals might not benefit from such general recommendations. Genetic analysis of PPARA rs135549 might help identify those individuals who are more likely to benefit from reducing the saturated fatty acid content of their diet. Copyright © 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Milk protein fractions moderately extend the duration of satiety compared with carbohydrates independently of their digestive kinetics in overweight subjects.; Digestive kinetics are believed to modulate satiety through the modulation of nutrient delivery. We hypothesised that the duration of satiety could be extended by modulating the kinetics of dietary amino acid delivery in overweight subjects, using snacks containing casein and whey protein. In the present study, eighty-two subjects underwent a first satiety test where they received a control snack containing 60 g maltodextrin. For the next 5 d, the subjects consumed a liquid protein snack containing 30 g carbohydrates and 30 g proteins (casein, whey protein or an equal mix of the two; n 26-28 per group). The subjects then underwent a second satiety test after ingesting the protein snack. The time period elapsing between the snack and request for lunch, food intake at lunch and satiety scores were recorded. A subgroup of twenty-four subjects underwent a digestive and metabolic investigation after ingesting their protein snack. Gastric emptying times were 2.5, 4 and 6 h for whey protein, mix and casein, respectively, displaying different kinetics of appearance of dietary N in plasma but without affecting pancreatic and gastrointestinal hormones. Compared with the control snack, proteins extended the duration of satiety (+17 min, P= 0.02), with no difference between the protein groups. The satiating effect of proteins was greater in subjects who ate their lunch early after the snack (below the median value, i.e. 2 h) at the control test (+32 min, P= 0.001). Energy intake at lunch was not modulated by proteins. The satiating effect of proteins is efficient in overweight subjects, especially when the duration of satiety is short, but independently of their digestive and plasma amino acid kinetics.
Effects of traditional homemade koumiss on some hematological and biochemical characteristics in sedentary men exposed to exercise.; We evaluated the effects of koumiss on some hematological and biochemical characteristics of persons who exercise. Eighteen sedentary males were assigned to three equal groups: koumiss (K), koumiss + exercise (KE) and exercise alone (E). Leukocytes (WBC), differential leucocyte count, erythrocytes (RBC), hemoglobin (HGB), hematocrit (HCT), platelet (PLT), glucose, total cholesterol, triglycerides, high density lipoprotein (HDL), aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and alanine aminotransferase (ALT) were assessed In blood samples. By the end of the study, triglycerides (TG) and cholesterol levels tended to decrease in all groups, but the decrease was significant only at day 15 for the KE group. HDL tended to be increased in all groups at day 15, but the increase was significant only in the KE group. We found that koumiss had beneficial effects on some hematological and biochemical characteristics.
Daylight photodynamic therapy with methyl aminolevulinate cream as a convenient, similarly effective, nearly painless alternative to conventional photodynamic therapy in actinic keratosis treatment: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Daylight photodynamic therapy (DL-PDT) of actinic keratosis (AK) has shown preliminary efficacy and safety results comparable to conventional photodynamic therapy (c-PDT), using methyl aminolevulinate (MAL) cream., OBJECTIVES: To demonstrate the efficacy and safety of DL-PDT vs. c-PDT in treating mild facial/scalp AK., MATERIALS AND METHODS: This 24-week randomized, controlled, investigator-blinded, multicentre, intra-individual efficacy (non-inferiority) and safety (superiority regarding pain) study enrolled 100 subjects. AKs on the face/scalp were treated once, with DL-PDT on one side and c-PDT on the contralateral side. Primary end points for DL-PDT at week 12 were efficacy [non-inferiority regarding complete lesion response (mild AK)] and safety (superiority regarding subject's assessment of pain). Lesions with complete response 12 weeks after one treatment session were followed until week 24. The safety evaluation included incidence of adverse events. Subject satisfaction was classified using a questionnaire., RESULTS: At week 12, the complete lesion response rate with DL-PDT was non-inferior to c-PDT (89.2% vs. 92.8%, respectively; 95% confidence interval -6.8 to -0.3), confirmed by intention-to-treat analysis. Additionally, regardless of the treatment used, 96% of mild lesions were maintained in complete response 24 weeks after the PDT session. For DL-PDT, subject-reported pain was significantly lower (0.8 vs. 5.7, respectively; P < 0.001), with better tolerability and significantly higher subject satisfaction regarding convenience and outcome., CONCLUSIONS: Daylight-mediated PDT was not inferior in efficacy to Metvix c-PDT (mild AK response rate), better tolerated, nearly painless and more convenient for patients. Copyright © 2014 British Association of Dermatologists.
Five percent 5-fluorouracil in a cream or for superficial peels in the treatment of advanced photoaging of the forearms: a randomized comparative study.; BACKGROUND: The antimetabolite 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) is used for topical treatment of actinic keratosis. Overall improvement in the skin is also observed. Additionally, 5-FU was reported to be used for superficial peels., OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of 5% 5-FU cream compared with peels for photodamaged forearms., METHODS: This interventional, randomized, comparative, evaluator-blind study included 32 patients with severe photoaging of forearms. The regimens comprised either application of 5% 5-FU cream everyday for 4 weeks on 1 forearm and 4 weekly peels on the other. Efficacy assessment included: clinical photodamage scores, opinion of patients and investigators, and blind photographic evaluation by independent observers. Skin biopsies were performed for histologic and immunohistochemical analysis. Safety evaluation comprised observation of adverse events., RESULTS: Clinical and histologic findings confirmed the benefits of topical 5% 5-FU, in cream or peels, which improved skin appearance and decreased the dermal elastotic material. Immunohistochemistry showed reduced levels of epidermal p53 and increase in the level of procollagen I. Results were maintained after 6 months. Predictable adverse events occurred, with no differences between treatments. Patients reported better tolerability to peels., CONCLUSION: Five percent 5-FU cream or peels was safe and effective for the treatment of photodamaged forearms. Decreased epidermal p53 levels and new dermal collagen were confirmed.
Timed-daily ingestion of whey protein and exercise training reduces visceral adipose tissue mass and improves insulin resistance: the PRISE study.; The present study examined the effects of timed ingestion of supplemental protein (20-g servings of whey protein, 3x/day), added to the habitual diet of free-living overweight/obese adults and subsequently randomized to either whey protein only (P; n = 24), whey protein and resistance exercise (P + RT; n = 27), or a whey protein and multimode exercise training program [protein and resistance exercise, intervals, stretching/yoga/Pilates, endurance exercise (PRISE); n = 28]. Total and regional body composition and visceral adipose tissue (VAT) mass (dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry), insulin sensitivity [homeostasis model assessment-estimated insulin resistance (HOMA-IR)], plasma lipids and adipokines, and feelings of hunger and satiety (visual analog scales) were measured before and after the 16-wk intervention. All groups lost body weight, fat mass (FM), and abdominal fat; however, PRISE lost significantly (P < 0.01) more body weight (3.3 +/- 0.7 vs. 1.1 +/- 0.7 kg, P + RT) and FM (2.8 +/- 0.7 vs. 0.9 +/- 0.5 kg, P + RT) and gained (P < 0.05) a greater percentage of lean body mass (2 +/- 0.5 vs. 0.9 +/- 0.3 and 0.6 +/- 0.4%, P + RT and P, respectively). Only P + RT (0.1 +/- 0.04 kg) and PRISE (0.21 +/- 0.07 kg) lost VAT mass (P < 0.05). Fasting glucose decreased only in P + RT (5.1 +/- 2.5 mg/dl) and PRISE (15.3 +/- 2.1 mg/dl), with the greatest decline occurring in PRISE (P < 0.05). Similarly, HOMA-IR improved (0.6 +/- 0.3, 0.6 +/- 0.4 units), and leptin decreased (4.7 +/- 2.2, 4.7 +/- 3.1 ng/dl), and adiponectin increased (3.8 +/- 1.1, 2.4 +/- 1.1 mug/ml) only in P + RT and PRISE, respectively, with no change in P. In conclusion, we find evidence to support exercise training and timed ingestion of whey protein added to the habitual diet of free-living overweight/obese adults, independent of caloric restriction on total and regional body fat distribution, insulin resistance, and adipokines. Copyright © 2014 the American Physiological Society.
Influence of night-time protein and carbohydrate intake on appetite and cardiometabolic risk in sedentary overweight and obese women.; The present study investigated whether whey (WH) protein, casein (CAS) protein or a carbohydrate placebo (PLA) consumed 30 min before sleep could acutely alter appetite or cardiometabolic risk the following morning. A total of forty-four sedentary overweight and obese women (BMI: 25.7-54.6 kg/m2) completed this stratified, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled study (WH: n 16, age 27.4 (sd 5.0) years; CAS: n 15, age 30.3 (sd 8.1) years; PLA: n 13, age 28.5 (sd 7.2) years). The participants came to the laboratory at baseline (visit 1) and again in the morning after night-time ingestion of either protein or PLA (visit 2). Visit 2 was conducted at least 48 h after visit 1. During visits 1 and 2, the following parameters were measured: appetite (hunger, satiety and desire to eat); resting metabolism; blood lipid and glucose levels; the levels of insulin, leptin, C-reactive protein, insulin-like growth factor-1, cortisol and adiponectin. Data were analysed using repeated-measures ANOVA. No group x time interactions were observed for the measured variables; however, a main effect of time was observed for increased satiety (P= 0.03), reduced desire to eat (P= 0.006), and increased insulin levels (P= 0.004) and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance values (P= 0.01) after the consumption of either protein or PLA. The results of the present study reveal that night-time consumption of protein or carbohydrate by sedentary overweight and obese women improves their appetite measures but negatively affects insulin levels. Long-term studies are needed to evaluate the effects of chronic consumption of low-energy snacks at night on body composition and cardiometabolic risk.
A light/dark cycle in the NICU accelerates body weight gain and shortens time to discharge in preterm infants.; BACKGROUND: Bright constant light levels in the NICU may have negative effects on the growth and development of preterm infants, OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study is to evaluate the benefits of an alternating light/dark cycle in the NICU on weight gain and early discharge from the therapy in premature infants., PATIENTS AND METHODS: A randomized interventional study was designed comparing infants in the NICU of Hospital Juarez de Mexico, exposed from birth either to an LD environment (LD, n=19) or to the traditional continuous light (LL, n=19). The LD condition was achieved by placing individual removable helmets over the infant's heads. Body weight gain was analyzed, as the main indicator of stability and the main criteria for discharge in preterm infants born at 31.73+/-0.31week gestational age., RESULTS: Infants maintained in an LD cycle gained weight faster than infants in LL and therefore attained a shorter hospital stay, (34.37+/-3.12 vs 51.11+/-5.29days; P>0.01). Also, LD infants exhibited improved oxygen saturation and developed a daily melatonin rhythm., CONCLUSIONS: These findings provide a convenient alternative for establishing an LD environment for preterm healthy newborns in the NICU and confirm the beneficial effects of an alternating LD cycle for growth and weight gain and for earlier discharge time. Here we provide an easy and practical alternative to implement light/dark conditions in the NICU. Copyright © 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Botulinum toxin versus botulinum toxin with low-dose glyceryltrinitrate for healing of chronic anal fissure: a prospective, randomised trial.; BACKGROUND: Chronic anal fissure (CAF) is perpetuated by high sphincter pressures and secondary local ischemia. Pharmacological approaches include topical nitrates and botulinum toxin (BT), which both help to decrease the sphincter pressure., AIMS & OBJECTIVES: The aims of the present study were to assess the efficacy and safety of BT injection and combined treatment with BT injection and lowered dose glyceryltrinitrate (GTN) cream for the treatment of CAF. We hypothesised that combined treatment would have a synergistic effect on healing., METHODS: Forty-one consecutive patients with CAF were randomly assigned to receive one of the following treatments: Group A, injection of BT (20 U into internal anal sphincter) and Group B, BT injection (20 units) and subsequent thrice daily topical applications of half-dose 0.2% GTN cream for 6 weeks. Patients were followed up at 6 and 12 weeks and were assessed for healing of anal fissure, by means of visual inspection using fissure grades; for faecal incontinence, using Cleveland Clinic incontinence scores; and for fissure pain and headache using a numeric pain rating scale., RESULTS: Fissure healing was similar in the two groups at both 6 (30% in BT and GTN and 33% in BT only) and 12 weeks (50% in BT and GTN vs 57% in BT-only group). Neither the change in pain score from 6 to 12 weeks, nor the overall level of pain was significantly different in the 2 groups. Moderate or severe headaches were suffered by 58% of patients using GTN., CONCLUSION: Single-agent treatment by means of BT injection alone was well tolerated compared with combination treatment with BT injection and GTN cream, with no significant differences in healing of CAF observed in this small study.
Hypotensive effects of solitary addition of conventional nonfat dairy products to the routine diet: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: The high consumption of low-fat and nonfat dairy products is associated with reduced risk of high blood pressure., OBJECTIVE: We aimed to investigate whether the solitary addition of nonfat dairy products to the normal routine diet was capable of lowering blood pressure in middle-aged and older adults with elevated blood pressure., DESIGN: With the use of a randomized, crossover intervention-study design, 49 adults (56% women) with elevated blood pressure (mean +/- SEM age: 53 +/- 2 y; systolic blood pressure: 135 +/- 1; diastolic blood pressure: 80 +/- 1 mm Hg) underwent a high-dairy condition (+4 servings conventional nonfat dairy products/d) and isocaloric no-dairy condition (+4 servings fruit products/d) in which all dairy products were removed. Both dietary conditions lasted 4 wk with a 2-wk washout before crossing over into the alternate condition., RESULTS: The high-dairy condition produced reductions in systolic blood pressure (135 +/- 1 to 127 +/- 1 mm Hg) and pulse pressure (54 +/- 1 to 48 +/- 1 mm Hg) (both P < 0.05). The hypotensive effects were observed within 3 wk after the initiation of the dietary intervention and in both casual seated and ambulatory (24-h) measurements (P < 0.05). Pulse pressure was increased after the removal of all dairy products in the no-dairy condition (54 +/- 1 to 56 +/- 1 mm Hg; P < 0.05). There were no changes in diastolic blood pressure after either dietary condition., CONCLUSION: We concluded that the solitary manipulation of conventional dairy products in the normal routine diet would modulate blood pressure in middle-aged and older adults with prehypertension and hypertension. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01577030. Copyright © 2014 American Society for Nutrition.
Comparative effects of whey and casein proteins on satiety in overweight and obese individuals: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: Dairy protein seems to reduce appetite by increasing satiety and delaying the return of hunger and subsequently lowering energy intake compared with fat or carbohydrate. The aim of this study was to compare the effect of whey with that of casein proteins on satiety in overweight/obese individuals., METHODS/SUBJECTS: This was a randomized, parallel-design 12-week-long study. Seventy subjects with a body mass index between 25 and 40 kg/m(2) and aged 18-65 years were randomized into one of three supplement groups: glucose control (n=25), casein (n=20) or whey (n=25) protein. Before commencing the study, at weeks 6 and 12 of the treatment, a Visual Analogue Scale (VAS) was used to measure subjective sensations of appetite before lunch and before dinner., RESULTS: Rating for VAS (mm) at 6 and 12 weeks showed significantly higher satiety in the whey group compared with the casein (P=0.017 and P=0.025, respectively) or control (P=0.024 and P=0.032, respectively) groups when measured before lunch. Similarly, at 6 and 12 weeks, the score for fullness was also significantly higher in the whey group compared with both casein (P=0.038 and P=0.022, respectively) and control (P=0.020 and P=0.030, respectively) groups. However, these short-term effects on satiety from dairy whey proteins did not have any long-term effects on energy intake or body weight over 12 weeks compared with casein., CONCLUSIONS: Collectively, whey protein supplementation appears to have a positive and acute postprandial effect on satiety and fullness compared with casein and carbohydrate supplementation in overweight and obese individuals.
Home food and activity assessment. Development and validation of an instrument for diverse families of young children.; The purpose of this study was to refine and psychometrically test an instrument measuring the home food and activity environment of geographically and economically diverse families of preschool aged children. Caregivers of preschool aged children (n = 83) completed a modified self-report questionnaire. Reliably trained researchers conducted independent observations on 25 randomly selected homes. Agreement statistics were conducted at the item level (154 total items) to determine reliability. Frequency counts were calculated to identify item availability. Results showed Kappa statistics were high (.67-1.00) between independent researchers but varied between researchers and parents resulting in 85 items achieving criterion validity (Kappa >.60). Analyses of reliable items revealed the presence in the home of a high frequency of unhealthy snack foods, high fat milk and low frequency of availability of fruits/vegetables and low fat milk. Fifty-two percent of the homes were arranged with a television in the preschool child's bedroom. Physical Activity devices also were found to have high frequency availability. Families reporting lower education reported higher levels of sugar sweetened beverages and less low-fat dairy (p < .05) compared with higher education families. Low-income families (<$27K per year) reported significantly fewer Physical Activity devices (p < .001) compared with higher income families. Hispanic families reported significantly higher numbers of Sedentary Devices (p < .05) compared with non-Hispanic families. There were no significant differences between demographic comparisons on available fruits/vegetables, meats, whole grains, and regular fat dairy. A modified home food and activity instrument was found to reliably identify foods and activity devices with geographically and economically diverse families. Copyright © 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cost-effectiveness of topical imiquimod and fluorouracil vs. photodynamic therapy for treatment of superficial basal-cell carcinoma.; BACKGROUND: A recent noninferiority randomized trial showed that in terms of clinical effectiveness imiquimod was superior and topical fluorouracil noninferior to methylaminolaevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL-PDT) for treatment of superficial basal-cell carcinoma (sBCC). Although it was expected that MAL-PDT would be more costly than either cream, a full cost-effectiveness analysis is necessary to determine the balance between effectiveness and costs., OBJECTIVE: To determine whether imiquimod or topical fluorouracil are cost-effective treatments for sBCC compared with MAL-PDT., METHODS: An economic evaluation was performed from a healthcare perspective. Data on resource use and costs were collected alongside the randomized clinical trial. The incremental cost-effectiveness ratio was expressed as the incremental costs per additional patient free of tumour recurrence., RESULTS: At 12 months follow-up, the total mean costs for MAL-PDT were 680, for imiquimod cream 526 and for topical fluorouracil cream 388. Both imiquimod and topical fluorouracil were cost-effective treatments compared with MAL-PDT. Comparing costs and effectiveness of both creams led to a incremental investment of 4451 to achieve an additional patient free of tumour recurrence. The acceptability curve showed that, for a threshold value of 4451, the probability of imiquimod being more cost-effective than topical fluorouracil was 50%., CONCLUSION: Based on the 12 months follow-up results, imiquimod and topical fluorouracil cream are more cost-effective than MAL-PDT for treatment of sBCC. Hence, substituting MAL-PDT with either imiquimod or topical fluorouracil results in cost savings; these savings will be larger for topical fluorouracil. Long-term follow-up effectiveness data are necessary to confirm the cost-effectiveness of imiquimod vs. topical 5-fluorouracil cream. Copyright © 2014 British Association of Dermatologists.
Dairy fat intake is associated with glucose tolerance, hepatic and systemic insulin sensitivity, and liver fat but not beta-cell function in humans.; BACKGROUND: Plasma phospholipid concentrations of trans-palmitoleic acid (trans-16:1n-7), a biomarker of dairy fat intake, are inversely associated with incident type 2 diabetes in 2 US cohorts., OBJECTIVE: The objective was to investigate whether the intake of trans-16:1n-7 in particular, or dairy fat in general, is associated with glucose tolerance and key factors determining glucose tolerance., DESIGN: A cross-sectional investigation was undertaken in 17 men and women with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and 15 body mass index (BMI)- and age-matched controls. The concentrations of trans-16:1n-7 and 2 other biomarkers of dairy fat intake, 15:0 and 17:0, were measured in plasma phospholipids and free fatty acids (FFAs). Liver fat was estimated by computed tomography-derived liver-spleen ratio. Intravenous-glucose-tolerance tests and oral-glucose-tolerance test (OGTT) and hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamps were performed to assess beta-cell function and hepatic and systemic insulin sensitivity., RESULTS: In multivariate analyses adjusted for age, sex, and BMI, phospholipid 17:0, phospholipid trans-16:1n-7, FFA 15:0, and FFA 17:0 were inversely associated with fasting plasma glucose, the area under the curve for glucose during an OGTT, and liver fat. Phospholipid trans-16:1n-7 was also positively associated with hepatic and systemic insulin sensitivity. None of the biomarkers were associated with beta-cell function. The associations between dairy fat intake and glucose tolerance were attenuated by adjusting for insulin sensitivity or liver fat, but strengthened by adjusting for beta-cell function., CONCLUSION: Although we cannot rule out reverse causation, these data support the hypothesis that dairy fat improves glucose tolerance, possibly through a mechanism involving improved hepatic and systemic insulin sensitivity and reduced liver fat. Copyright © 2014 American Society for Nutrition.
Swiss cheese striatum: clinical implications.; IMPORTANCE: Markedly enlarged Virchow-Robin spaces throughout the striatum appear occasionally on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans of the elderly, and this type of striatum is known as the Swiss cheese striatum (SCS); however, its clinical impact is unknown., OBJECTIVE: To determine the clinical features associated with SCS detected on MRI scans., DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: A blinded, retrospective case-control study using medical records from 2000 to 2007 obtained from an MRI database at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota, of residents 40 years of age or older of Olmsted County, Minnesota, who had extensive Mayo Clinic medical records and MRI reports suggestive of SCS. Cases with a severe form of SCS (n = 27) were randomly selected for comparison with age-, sex-, and examination year-matched controls (n = 52) with a minimal form of SCS or no SCS., EXPOSURE: Magnetic resonance imaging., MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Associations of clinical and imaging features with the presence of a severe form of SCS. Medical records were reviewed for clinical features such as parkinsonism, dementia, and vascular risk factors. The MRI scans were visually scored for degree of leukoaraiosis, central atrophy, and cortical atrophy., RESULTS: No significant differences were found between those with a severe form of SCS and controls in rates of parkinsonism (19% vs 17%; odds ratio, 1.09 [95% CI, 0.28-4.16]) or dementia of any type (30% vs 21%; odds ratio, 1.57 [95% CI, 0.48-5.13]). Vascular risk factors were not significantly different between groups. Swiss cheese striatum correlated with degree of leukoaraiosis (P < .001). Potential associations with visualized cortical atrophy (P = .01), nonobstructive urinary incontinence (18.5% vs 3.9%; P = .04), and syncope (37% vs 9.6%; P = .01) did not hold up after correction for the false discovery rate., CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Our study suggests that marked cribriform change in the striatum was not associated with the development of extrapyramidal clinical disorders, including parkinsonism. The association of SCS with leukoaraiosis suggests that it is part of a more generalized cerebrovascular process. Skepticism is called for when attributing clinical symptoms to this MRI finding.
Effects of whey protein and resistance exercise on body composition: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.; OBJECTIVES: The objective of the present meta-analysis was to examine the effect of whey protein (WP), with or without resistance exercise, on body weight and body composition in randomized controlled trials (RCTs) conducted in generally healthy adult study populations., METHODS: A comprehensive literature search was conducted to identify RCTs that investigated WP (concentrate, isolate, or hydrolystate) and body weight, body mass index (BMI), body fat, lean body mass (LBM), fat-free mass (FFM), and waist circumference. Random effects meta-analyses were conducted to generate weighted group mean differences (WGMD) for between-group comparisons (WP vs other protein sources or carbohydrates) and within-WP group comparisons (i.e., differences from baseline to trial end). Studies were classified into 2 distinct groups-WP as a supplement without dietary modification (WPS) and WP as a replacement for other sources of calories (WPR)-and were meta-analyzed separately. Subgroup analyses included examining the effect of resistance exercise and type of WP on the relationship between WP and body composition., RESULTS: Fourteen RCTs were included, with a total of 626 adult study completers. Five studies examined the effects of WPR and the remaining 9 studies examined the effects of WPS. Body weight (WGMD: -4.20 kg, 95% confidence interval [CI], -7.67, -0.73) and body fat (WGMD: -3.74 kg, 95% CI, -5.98, -1.50) were significantly decreased from baseline in the WPR within-group analyses. In the between-group analyses, the effects of WP were more favorable when compared with carbohydrates than protein sources other than whey, although findings did not reach statistical significance. Results from the subgroup analyses indicated a statistically significant increase in LBM (WGMD: 2.24 kg, 95% CI, 0.66, 3.81) among studies that included a resistance exercise component along with WP provision., CONCLUSION: The current body of literature supports the use of WP, either as a supplement combined with resistance exercise or as part of a weight loss or weight maintenance diet, to improve body composition parameters.
The effects of changing dairy intake on trans and saturated fatty acid levels- results from a randomized controlled study.; BACKGROUND: Dairy food is an important natural source of saturated and trans fatty acids in the human diet. This study evaluates the effect of dietary advice to change dairy food intake on plasma fatty acid levels known to be present in milk in healthy volunteers., METHODS: Twenty one samples of whole fat dairy milk were analyzed for fatty acids levels. Changes in levels of plasma phospholipid levels were evaluated in 180 healthy volunteers randomized to increase, not change or reduce dairy intake for one month. Fatty acids were measured by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry and levels are normalized to d-4 alanine., RESULTS: The long chain fatty acids palmitic (13.4%), stearic (16.7%) and myristic (18.9%) acid were most common saturated fats in milk. Four trans fatty acids constituted 3.7% of the total milk fat content. Increased dairy food intake by 3.0 (+/- 1.2) serves/ day for 1 month was associated with small increases in plasma levels of myristic (+0.05, 95% confidence level-0.08 to 0.13, p = 0.07), pentadecanoic (+0.014, 95% confidence level -0.016 to 0.048, p = 0.02) and margaric acid (+0.02, -0.03 to 0.05, p = 0.03). There was no significant change in plasma levels of 4 saturated, 4 trans and 10 unsaturated fatty acids. Decreasing dairy food intake by 2.5 (+/- 1.2) serves per day was not associated with change in levels of any plasma fatty acid levels., CONCLUSION: Dietary advice to change dairy food has a minor effect on plasma fatty acid levels., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ACTRN12612000574842.
Whey protein delays gastric emptying and suppresses plasma fatty acids and their metabolites compared to casein, gluten, and fish protein.; Whey protein has been demonstrated to improve fasting lipid and insulin response in overweight and obese individuals. To establish new hypotheses for this effect and to investigate the impact of stomach emptying, we compared plasma profiles after intake of whey isolate (WI), casein, gluten (GLU), and cod (COD). Obese, nondiabetic subjects were included in the randomized, blinded, crossover meal study. Subjects ingested a high fat meal containing one of the four protein sources. Plasma samples were collected at five time points and metabolites analyzed using LC-Q-TOF-MS. In contrast to previous studies, the WI meal caused a decreased rate of gastric emptying compared to the other test meals. The WI meal also caused elevated levels of a number of amino acids, possibly stimulating insulin release leading to reduced plasma glucose. The WI meal also caused decreased levels of a number of fatty acids, while the GLU meal caused elevated levels of a number of unidentified hydroxy fatty acids and dicarboxylic fatty acids. Also reported are a number of markers of fish intake unique to the COD meal.
Placement and promotion strategies to increase sales of healthier products in supermarkets in low-income, ethnically diverse neighborhoods: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: The greater presence of supermarkets in low-income, high-minority neighborhoods has the potential to positively affect diet quality among those at greatest risk of obesity. In-store marketing strategies that draw attention to healthier products may be effective, sustainable, and scalable for improving diet quality and health. Few controlled studies of in-store marketing strategies to promote sales of healthier items in low-income, high-minority neighborhoods have been conducted., OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of in-store marketing strategies to promote the purchase of specific healthier items in 5 product categories: milk, ready-to-eat cereal, frozen meals, in-aisle beverages, and checkout cooler beverages., DESIGN: The design was a cluster-randomized controlled trial conducted from 2011 to 2012. Eight urban supermarkets in low-income, high-minority neighborhoods were the unit of randomization, intervention, and analysis. Stores were matched on the percentage of sales from government food-assistance programs and store size and randomly assigned to an intervention or control group. The 4 intervention stores received a 6-mo, in-store marketing intervention that promoted the sales of healthier products through placement, signage, and product availability strategies. The 4 control stores received no intervention and were assessment-only controls. The main outcome measure was weekly sales of the targeted products, which was assessed on the basis of the stores' sales data., RESULTS: Intervention stores showed significantly greater sales of skim and 1% milk, water (in aisle and at checkout), and 2 of 3 types of frozen meals compared with control store sales during the same time period. No differences were found between the stores in sales of cereal, whole or 2% milk, beverages, or diet beverages., CONCLUSIONS: These data indicate that straightforward placement strategies can significantly enhance the sales of healthier items in several food and beverage categories. Such strategies show promise for significant public health effects in communities with the greatest risk of obesity. Copyright © 2014 American Society for Nutrition.
Yogurt and dairy product consumption to prevent cardiometabolic diseases: epidemiologic and experimental studies.; Dairy products contribute important nutrients to our diet, including energy, calcium, protein, and other micro- and macronutrients. However, dairy products can be high in saturated fats, and dietary guidelines generally recommend reducing the intake of saturated fatty acids (SFAs) to reduce coronary artery disease (CAD). Recent studies question the role of SFAs in cardiovascular disease (CVD) and have found that substitution of SFAs in the diet with omega-6 (n-6) polyunsaturated fatty acids abundant in vegetable oils can, in fact, lead to an increased risk of death from CAD and CVD, unless they are balanced with n-3 polyunsaturated fat. Replacing SFAs with carbohydrates with a high glycemic index is also associated with a higher risk of CAD. Paradoxically, observational studies indicate that the consumption of milk or dairy products is inversely related to incidence of CVD. The consumption of dairy products has been suggested to ameliorate characteristics of the metabolic syndrome, which encompasses a cluster of risk factors including dyslipidemia, insulin resistance, increased blood pressure, and abdominal obesity, which together markedly increase the risk of diabetes and CVD. Dairy products, such as cheese, do not exert the negative effects on blood lipids as predicted solely by the content of saturated fat. Calcium and other bioactive components may modify the effects on LDL cholesterol and triglycerides. Apart from supplying valuable dairy nutrients, yogurt may also exert beneficial probiotic effects. The consumption of yogurt, and other dairy products, in observational studies is associated with a reduced risk of weight gain and obesity as well as of CVD, and these findings are, in part, supported by randomized trials.
Yogurt and weight management.; A large body of observational studies and randomized controlled trials (RCTs) has examined the role of dairy products in weight loss and maintenance of healthy weight. Yogurt is a dairy product that is generally very similar to milk, but it also has some unique properties that may enhance its possible role in weight maintenance. This review summarizes the human RCT and prospective observational evidence on the relation of yogurt consumption to the management and maintenance of body weight and composition. The RCT evidence is limited to 2 small, short-term, energy-restricted trials. They both showed greater weight losses with yogurt interventions, but the difference between the yogurt intervention and the control diet was only significant in one of these trials. There are 5 prospective observational studies that have examined the association between yogurt and weight gain. The results of these studies are equivocal. Two of these studies reported that individuals with higher yogurt consumption gained less weight over time. One of these same studies also considered changes in waist circumference (WC) and showed that higher yogurt consumption was associated with smaller increases in WC. A third study was inconclusive because of low statistical power. A fourth study observed no association between changes in yogurt intake and weight gain, but the results suggested that those with the largest increases in yogurt intake during the study also had the highest increase in WC. The final study examined weight and WC change separately by sex and baseline weight status and showed benefits for both weight and WC changes for higher yogurt consumption in overweight men, but it also found that higher yogurt consumption in normal-weight women was associated with a greater increase in weight over follow-up. Potential underlying mechanisms for the action of yogurt on weight are briefly discussed.
Topical application of a sandal wood oil and turmeric based cream prevents radiodermatitis in head and neck cancer patients undergoing external beam radiotherapy: a pilot study.; OBJECTIVE: The study objective was to assess the effectiveness of a turmeric- and sandal wood oil-containing cream [Vicco( R) turmeric cream (VTC); Vicco Laboratories, Parel, India] on radiodermatitis in patients with head and neck cancer undergoing radiotherapy., METHODS: A total of 50 patients with head and neck cancer requiring >60 Gy of curative radiotherapy/chemoradiotherapy were enrolled in the study. The volunteers were randomly divided into two groups of 25 patients. Group 1 was assigned to a topical application of Johnson's( R) baby oil (Johnson & Johnson Ltd, Baddi, India) and Group 2 for VTC. Prophylactic application of the cream was initiated on Day 1 and continued every day until 2 weeks after the end of treatment. Both agents were symmetrically applied within the irradiated field five times a day, and the acute skin reactions were assessed twice weekly in accordance with the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group scores by an investigator who was unaware of the details., RESULTS: The incidence of radiodermatitis increased with the exposure to radiation and was the highest in both groups at Week 7. However, a significant reduction in grades of dermatitis were seen in cohorts applying VTC at all time points, including 2 weeks post radiotherapy (p < 0.015 to p < 0.001). The occurrence of Grade 3 dermatitis was lower in the cohorts using VTC and was statistically significant (p < 0.01). Additionally, follow-up observations 2 weeks after the completion of radiotherapy also showed a reduced degree of radiodermatitis in cohorts applying VTC, which was significant (p = 0.015)., CONCLUSION: VTC is shown to be effective in preventing radiodermatitis and needs to be validated in larger double-blind trials., ADVANCES IN KNOWLEDGE: For the first time, this study shows that the turmeric- and sandal oil-based cream was effective in preventing radiation-induced dermatitis.
The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet affects inflammation in childhood metabolic syndrome: a randomized cross-over clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: The effects of the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet on inflammation in childhood metabolic syndrome (MetS) have still to be identified., OBJECTIVE: To examine the effects of the DASH diet on markers of systemic inflammation in adolescents with MetS., METHODS: In this randomized, cross-over clinical trial, 60 postpubescent girls with MetS were randomly assigned to receive either the DASH diet menu cycles or usual dietary advice (UDA) for 6 weeks. After a 4-week washout period, participants were crossed over to the alternate arm. The DASH diet was designed to maintain the current body weight. This diet contained high amounts of fruit, vegetables and low-fat dairy products and was low in saturated fats and cholesterol. UDA consisted of general oral advice and written information about healthy food choices based on the Healthy Eating Plate. Compliance to the DASH diet was assessed through quantification of plasma vitamin C levels. Fasting venous blood samples were taken 4 times from each participant: at baseline and at the end of each study arm. Circulating levels of biomarkers of systemic inflammation were quantified according to standard protocols., RESULTS: Mean (SD) age and weight of participants was 14.2 years (1.7) and 69 kg (14.5), respectively. Serum vitamin C levels tended to increase during the DASH phase compared with the UDA phase (16.8 +/- 12.9 vs. -13.8 +/- 9.7 ng/dl, respectively, p = 0.06) indicating a relatively good compliance to the DASH diet. Adherence to the DASH diet, compared to the UDA, had a significant effect on serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein levels (p = 0.002). This effect remained significant even after adjustment for weight changes and after further controlling for changes in lipid profiles. We did not observe any significant effect of intervention on levels of serum tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin (IL)-2, IL-6 and adiponectin, in either the crude or adjusted models. There were no significant group*time interactions for any dependent variable, except for IL-6; this was close to the significant level., CONCLUSION: In summary, consumption of the DASH eating pattern for 6 weeks may reduce circulating levels of hs-CRP among adolescents with MetS. Other inflammatory markers were not affected by the DASH diet.
Predictors of local adverse effects caused by topical tretinoin cream 0.1% in the Veterans Affairs Topical Tretinoin Chemoprevention trial.; BACKGROUND: Topical tretinoin is commonly prescribed, but its frequent adverse effects are barriers to use. Predictors of resistance or susceptibility to retinoid irritation are not known., OBJECTIVE: To identify baseline patient characteristics associated with adverse effects of topical tretinoin., METHODS: This cohort study used data collected from 324 participants in the Veterans Affairs Topical Tretinoin Chemoprevention trial who were randomized to apply tretinoin cream on the face and ears. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression models were used to examine the associations between baseline characteristics and local adverse effects., RESULTS: One hundred and ninety-seven patients (61% of those randomized to tretinoin) reported local adverse effects within 6 months. Clinical signs of severe photodamage at baseline [odds ratio (OR) 0.15, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.04-0.54] and history of acne (OR 0.46, 95% CI 0.27-0.77) were associated with a decreased risk of adverse effects to tretinoin. The use of other topical medications at enrolment (OR 1.88, 95% CI 1.15-3.08) predicted an increase in adverse effects., CONCLUSIONS: In this study population, the common indications of topical tretinoin treatment were associated with lower risks of adverse effects. The concurrent use of other topical medications may worsen irritation caused by tretinoin. Copyright © 2014 British Association of Dermatologists.
How sound is the science behind the dietary recommendations for dairy?.; This review examined the evidence behind dietary guidelines for dairy. Most countries recommend consumption of dairy products; and when amounts are specified, recommendations are typically for 2 or 3 servings per day. Specific recommendations for dairy products are based partly on culture and availability but primarily on meeting nutrient requirements. Dairy products are a rich source of many minerals and vitamins as well as high-quality protein. Thus, dairy consumption is a marker for diet quality. A recent report found that yogurt specifically is a good marker of diet quality. The food patterns recommended by the 2010 Dietary Guidelines for Americans Advisory Committee (DGAC) include 3 cups of low-fat milk and milk products. Few people achieve their recommended intakes of several shortfall nutrients without meeting their recommendations for dairy. The evidence for a benefit of dairy consumption is moderate for bone health in children but limited in adults and moderate for cardiovascular disease, blood pressure, and diabetes and limited for metabolic syndrome. Newer data since the recommendations of the 2010 DGAC are presented. However, the strength of the evidence for dairy consumption and health is limited by the lack of appropriately powered randomized controlled trials.
Trans fatty acids: are its cardiovascular risks fully appreciated?.; OBJECTIVE: The goal of this article was to review the causal link between trans fatty acids (TFA) produced from partially hydrogenated vegetable oil (PHVO) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk and its likely mechanisms. The potential risk of TFA from ruminant dairy and meats, which are currently the major sources of dietary TFA, is also discussed., METHODS: Evidence was derived from observational studies of large cohorts followed up prospectively; from randomized controlled trials of clinical interventions; and from specific case-control studies that investigated biomarkers in tissues. Searches included PubMed and Medline from 1990 to 2013., RESULTS: Despite TFA from PHVO being associated more strongly with CVD risk than even saturated fats, it may prove difficult to totally eliminate PHVO from all foods. This raises the issue of the lower limit of TFA consumption below which CVD risk is not increased. Limits of <1% of total energy have been suggested. The major mechanism underlying the increased CVD risk from TFA is an increase in LDL-C and Lp(a) lipoproteins and a decrease in HDL-C; increased inflammation and adverse effects on vascular function have also been shown. Both PHVO and ruminant TFA comprise a range of isomers, some specific to each source but including a substantial commonality that supports findings of similar adverse effects at equivalent intakes of TFA. However, the amount of TFA in ruminant fat is relatively small; this limits the CVD risk from eating ruminant products, an inference supported by analysis of prospective cohort studies., CONCLUSIONS: Two key challenges to the health industry arise from this evidence. They must first determine whether a small intake of TFA from PHVO is safe and what constitutes a safe amount. They must also determine whether TFA from ruminant fat in currently consumed amounts represent limited cardiovascular risk that is balanced by the nutritional benefits of dairy products. Copyright © 2014 Elsevier HS Journals, Inc. All rights reserved.
Associations between dairy foods, diabetes, and metabolic health: potential mechanisms and future directions.; Epidemiological evidence supports an inverse relationship between adequate intake of dairy foods and susceptibility to type 2 diabetes (T2D). The biological mechanisms responsible for this association remain to be established. This review provides a current perspective on proposed mechanisms that may underlie these effects, and highlights how randomized clinical trials can be applied to investigate these relationships. Results from epidemiological studies generally support that consumption of milk and dairy products is associated with a lower incidence of T2D or improvements in glucose homeostasis indices, and studies of animal and cell models support a positive effect of dairy-rich diets or components on metabolic and inflammation factors relevant to T2D and insulin resistance. Emerging evidence indicates that dairy components that alter mitochondrial function (e.g., leucine actions on silent information regulator transcript 1 (SIRT1)-associated pathways), promote gut microbial population shifts, or influence inflammation and cardiovascular function (e.g., Ca-regulated peptides calcitonin gene-related peptide [CGRP] or calcitonin) should be considered as possible mechanistic factors linking dairy intake with lower risk for T2D. The possibility that dairy-derived trans-palmitoleic acid (tC16:1) has metabolic bioactivities has also been proposed. Pre-clinical and clinical studies focusing specifically on these parameters are needed to validate hypotheses regarding the potential roles of dairy products and their components on the determinants of glucose tolerance, particularly insulin sensitivity, pancreatic endocrine function, and inflammation in individuals at-risk for T2D development. Such experiments would complement epidemiological studies and add to the evidence base for recommendations regarding consumption of dairy products and their individual components. Copyright Published by Elsevier Inc.
Effect of dairy calcium from cheese and milk on fecal fat excretion, blood lipids, and appetite in young men.; BACKGROUND: Calcium from different dairy sources might affect blood lipids and fecal fat excretion differently because of differences in the food matrix and nutritional composition., OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether milk- and cheese-based diets with similar calcium contents affect a saturated fatty acid-induced increase in blood lipids differently., DESIGN: Fifteen healthy, young men participated in a randomized 3 x 2-wk crossover study in which the following 3 isocaloric diets that were similar in fat contents and compositions were compared: control diet [nondairy diet (~500 mg Ca/d)], milk diet [semiskimmed milk-based diet (1700 mg Ca/d)], and cheese diet [semihard cow-cheese-based diet (1700 mg Ca/d)]. Blood was drawn before and after each period, and feces were collected for 5 d during each period., RESULTS: Saturated fatty acid-induced increases in total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol were lower with the milk diet (mean +/- SD: 0.57 +/- 0.13 and 0.53 +/- 0.11 mmol/L, respectively) (P < 0.01) and cheese diet (0.41 +/- 0.15 and 0.47 +/- 0.12 mmol/L, respectively) (P < 0.05) than with the control diet (0.89 +/- 0.12 and 0.84 +/- 0.11 mmol/L, respectively). Fecal fat excretion increased more with the consumption of both the milk (5.2 +/- 0.4 g/d) and cheese (5.7 +/- 0.4 g/d) diets than with the control diet (3.9 +/- 0.3 g/d) (P < 0.001). Changes in blood pressure, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, and lipid ratios did not differ., CONCLUSIONS: Compared with the control diet, milk- and cheese-based diets attenuated saturated fatty acid-induced increases in total and LDL cholesterol and resulted in increased fecal fat excretion; however, effects of milk and cheese did not differ. Because the diets contained similar amounts of saturated fat, similar increases in total and LDL cholesterol could be expected; however, both milk and cheese attenuated these responses, which seem to be explained by their calcium contents. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01317251.
Direct iodine supplementation of infants versus supplementation of their breastfeeding mothers: a double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Iodine deficiency in infants can damage the developing brain and increase mortality. Present recommendations state that oral iodised oil should be given to breastfeeding mothers to correct iodine deficiency in infancy when iodised salt is not available, and that direct supplementation should be given to infants who are not being breastfed or receiving iodine-fortified complimentary foods. However, there is little evidence for these recommendations. We aimed to assess the safety and efficacy of direct versus indirect supplementation of the infant., METHODS: We did this double blind, randomised, placebo-controlled trial in Morocco. Healthy breastfeeding mothers and their term newborn babies (aged <=8 weeks) were block randomised by clinic day to receive either: one dose of 400 mg iodine to the mother and placebo to the infant (indirect infant supplementation), or one dose of about 100 mg iodine to the infant and placebo to the mother (direct infant supplementation). Randomisation was masked to participants and investigators. Coprimary outcomes were: maternal and infant urinary iodine concentrations, breastmilk iodine concentration, maternal and infant thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) concentrations, maternal and infant thyroxine (T4) concentrations, and infant growth. These outcomes were measured at baseline, and when infants were aged about 3 months, 6 months, and 9 months, and the two groups were compared using mixed effects models. This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT01126125., FINDINGS: We recruited 241 mother-infant pairs between Feb 25, and Aug 10, 2010, and completed data collection by Aug 6, 2011. At baseline, median urinary iodine concentration was 35 mug/L (IQR 29-40) in mothers and 73 mug/L (29-237) in infants, suggesting iodine deficiency. During the study, maternal urinary iodine concentration (p=0.011), breastmilk iodine concentration (p<0.0001), and infant urinary iodine concentration (p=0.042) were higher in the indirect infant supplementation group than in the direct supplementation group. Maternal TSH (p=0.276) and T4 (p=0.074) concentrations did not differ between the groups over the course of the study, nor did infant TSH (p=0.597) and T4 (p=0.184) concentrations, but the number of infants with thyroid hypofunction was lower (p=0.023) in the indirect supplementation group than the direct supplementation group. The infant groups did not differ in anthropomorphic measures, except that length-for-age Z score was slightly greater in the direct infant supplementation group (p=0.032). At 3 months and 6 months of age, median infant urinary iodine concentration in the indirect infant supplementation group was sufficient (>100 mug/L), whereas infant urinary iodine concentration was sufficient only at 6 months in the direct supplementation group. There were no serious adverse events in either group., INTERPRETATION: In regions of moderate-to-severe iodine deficiency without effective salt iodisation, lactating women who receive one dose of 400 mg iodine as oral iodised oil soon after delivery can provide adequate iodine to their infants through breastmilk for at least 6 months, enabling the infants to achieve euthyroidism. Direct supplementation is less effective in improving infant iodine status., FUNDING: ETH Zurich, Switzerland; the Medicor Foundation, Vaduz, Lichtenstein. Copyright © 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Beneficial effects of Lactobacillus plantarum on glycemia and homocysteine levels in postmenopausal women with metabolic syndrome.; OBJECTIVE: Metabolic syndrome (MetS) in postmenopausal women is an important risk factor for cardiovascular morbidity, especially stroke and coronary heart disease and mortality. Preventing and treating MetS would be useful in preventing disability and promoting normal aging. Previous human studies have found some beneficial effects of Lactobacillus species on some isolated parameters of MetS. Nevertheless, we are not aware, to date, of any study which has verified the influence of probiotics in patients with MetS. Therefore, the aim of the present study was to evaluate the influence of fermented milk with L. plantarum in the classical parameters related to MetS, as well as in other parameters related to cardiovascular risk in postmenopausal women., METHODS: Twenty-four individuals were paired by age, ethnicity, and body mass index in two groups: Non-fermented milk (NFM = 12) 80 mL/d and fermented milk (FM = 12) 80 mL/d. Anthropometric and blood pressure measurements, biochemical, inflammatory, and immunologic biomarkers were measured., RESULTS: Total cholesterol and gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase had a significant reduction both in NFM (P = 0.043 and P = 0.036, respectively) and FM groups (P = 0.010 and P = 0.018, respectively) after 90 d, whereas low-density lipoprotein cholesterol showed a significant reduction in NFM group (P = 0.002) and trend in the FM group (P = 0.092). Glucose and homocysteine levels showed a significant reduction in the FM group compared with the NFM group (P = 0.037 and P = 0.019, respectively). In relation to inflammatory biomarkers, there was a significant decrease in interleukin-6 both in NFM (P = 0.032) and in FM (P = 0.001) groups., CONCLUSION: FM with L. plantarum showed more favorable results than NFM in relation to cardiovascular risk factors in postmenopausal women with MetS. Copyright © 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of a healthy Nordic diet on plasma 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentration in subjects with metabolic syndrome: a randomized, [corrected] controlled trial (SYSDIET).; PURPOSE: At northern latitudes, vitamin D is not synthesized endogenously during winter, causing low plasma 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) concentrations. Therefore, we evaluated the effects of a healthy Nordic diet based on Nordic nutrition recommendations (NNR) on plasma 25(OH)D and explored its dietary predictors., METHODS: In a Nordic multi-centre trial, subjects (n = 213) with metabolic syndrome were randomized to a control or a healthy Nordic diet favouring fish (>=300 g/week, including >=200 g/week fatty fish), whole-grain products, berries, fruits, vegetables, rapeseed oil and low-fat dairy products. Plasma 25(OH)D and parathyroid hormone were analysed before and after 18- to 24-week intervention., RESULTS: At baseline, 45 % had vitamin D inadequacy (<50 nmol/l), whereas 8 % had deficiency (<25 nmol/l). Dietary vitamin D intake was increased by the healthy Nordic diet (P < 0.001). The healthy Nordic and the control diet reduced the prevalence of vitamin D inadequacy by 42 % (P < 0.001) and 19 % (P = 0.002), respectively, without between-group difference (P = 0.142). Compared with control, plasma 25(OH)D (P = 0.208) and parathyroid hormone (P = 0.207) were not altered by the healthy Nordic diet. Predictors for 25(OH)D were intake of vitamin D, eicosapentaenoic acids (EPA), docosahexaenoic acids (DHA), vitamin D supplement, plasma EPA and plasma DHA. Nevertheless, only vitamin D intake and season predicted the 25(OH)D changes., CONCLUSION: Consuming a healthy Nordic diet based on NNR increased vitamin D intake but not plasma 25(OH)D concentration. The reason why fish consumption did not improve vitamin D status might be that many fish are farmed and might contain little vitamin D or that frying fish may result in vitamin D extraction. Additional ways to improve vitamin D status in Nordic countries may be needed.
The effects of probiotic bacteria on glycaemic control in overweight men and women: a randomised controlled trial.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Evidence from animal and in vitro models suggest a role of probiotic bacteria in improving glycaemic control and delaying the onset of type 2 diabetes. However, the evidence from controlled trials in humans is limited. The objective was to determine if the probiotic bacteria L. acidophilus La5 and B. animalis subsp lactis Bb12, supplemented in a whole food (yoghurt) or isolated (capsules) form, can improve biomarkers of glycaemic control., SUBJECTS/METHODS: Following a 3-week washout period, 156 overweight men and women over 55 years (mean age: 67 +/- 8 years; mean body mass index (31 +/- 4 kg/m(2)) were randomized to a 6-week double-blinded parallel study. The four intervention groups were: (A) probiotic yoghurt plus probiotic capsules; (B) probiotic yoghurt plus placebo capsules; (C) control milk plus probiotic capsules; and (D) control milk plus placebo capsules. Outcome measurements, including fasting glucose, insulin, glycated haemoglobin and Homoeostasis Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR), were performed at baseline and week 6., RESULTS: Relative to the milk-control group, probiotic yoghurt resulted in a significantly higher HOMA-IR (0.32 +/- 0.15, P=0.038), but did not have a significant effect on the other three measures of glycaemic control (P>0.05). Relative to placebo capsules, probiotic capsules resulted in a significantly higher fasting glucose (0.15 +/- 0.07 mmol/l, P=0.037), with no significant effect on the other three measures of glycaemic control (P>0.05). Further analyses did not identify other variables as contributing to these adverse findings., CONCLUSIONS: Data from this study does not support the hypothesis that L. acidophilus La5 and B. animalis subsp lactis Bb12, either in isolated form or as part of a whole food, benefit short-term glycaemic control. Indeed, there is weak data for an adverse effect of these strains on glucose homoeostasis.
Topical use of phytotherapic cream (Capilen R cream) to prevent radiodermatitis in breast cancer: a prospective historically controlled clinical study.; AIM: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the ability of a topical phytotherapic product (Capilen R cream) to limit acute radiodermitis and delay the use of corticosteroids in patients with breast cancer (BC)., METHODS: From January 2012 to August 2012, 30 consecutive patients, undergoing radiotherapy with adjuvant intent, were invited to use Capilen R cream two times daily two weeks before and during radiotherapy. An historical group was used as an external control. Acute skin toxicity was scored weekly according to RTOG/EORTC criteria. Time of occurrence of acute skin toxicity was taken as endpoint., RESULTS: Compliance was good. Overall, no significative statistical difference was observed in rate of acute radiation dermatitis, 46.7% in experimental arm versus 63.3% in the historical control group, although only 3.3% of Capilen R cream treated patients had a G3 acute radiation dermatitis versus 10% of the control group. A delay in the onset of radition dermatitis in patients treated with Capilen R cream (P=0.04) was showed., CONCLUSION: Our findings suggested that Capilen R cream plays a role in reducing acute radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients treated with adjuvant radiotherapy. Further evidence is needed to confirm these results.
Proximity of foods in a competitive food environment influences consumption of a low calorie and a high calorie food.; The objective of this study was to test if proximity of a food or preference for a food influences food intake in a competitive food environment in which one low calorie/low fat (apple slices) and one higher calorie/higher fat (buttered popcorn) food was available in the same environment. The proximity of popcorn and apple slices was manipulated and 56 participants were randomly assigned to groups. In Group Apples Near, apple slices were placed near (within arms reach) a participant and popcorn was placed far (2m away). In Group Popcorn Near, buttered popcorn was placed near and apple slices were placed far. As a control for the absence of a proximity manipulation, Group Both Near had both test foods placed near. Although participants rated the popcorn as more liked than apples, the food that was placed closer to the participant was consumed most in the two experimental groups, regardless of preference (R(2)=0.38). Total energy intake was reduced most when popcorn was placed far from a participant compared to when it was placed near (R(2)=0.24). The effects reported here were not moderated by BMI and did not vary by sex. In all, the results support the hypothesis that making a low calorie food more proximate will reduce total energy intake and increase intake of a low calorie food, even when a higher calorie and more preferred food is also available, but less proximate. Copyright © 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Lactobacillus gasseri SBT2055 reduces postprandial and fasting serum non-esterified fatty acid levels in Japanese hypertriacylglycerolemic subjects.; BACKGROUND: Lactobacillus gasseri SBT2055 (LG2055) inhibits dietary fat absorption in rats and exerts preventive effects on abdominal adiposity in rats and humans. The present study aimed to evaluate the effects of LG2055 on postprandial serum lipid responses in Japanese subjects with hypertriacylglycerolemia after the intake of oral fat-loading test (OFLT) meals., METHODS: We conducted a single-blind, placebo-controlled, within-subject, repeated-measure intervention trial. Twenty subjects initially ingested the fermented milk (FM) without LG2055 for 4 weeks (control FM period), followed by a 4-week washout period, and then consumed FM containing LG2055 for 4 weeks (active FM period). The subjects were asked to consume FM at 200 g/day. At the end of each 4-week period, an 8-h OFLT was conducted. Blood samples were collected at fasting and every hour for 8 h after OFLT meal intake. Thereafter, postprandial serum non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA) and triacylglycerol (TAG) levels and fasting blood parameters were measured., RESULTS: The OFLT showed that the postprandial serum NEFA levels from 120 to 480 min and the postprandial serum TAG level at 120 min in the active FM period were significantly (P < 0.05) lower than those in the control FM period. The fasting serum NEFA level in the active FM period significantly (P < 0.001) decreased at week 4 from the initial period compared with the control FM period., CONCLUSIONS: The consumption of probiotic LG2055 reduced postprandial and fasting serum NEFA levels, suggesting its possible contribution to the reduction of the risk for obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus., TRIAL REGISTRATION: UMIN000011605.
A phase III randomized, placebo-controlled study of topical amitriptyline and ketamine for chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy (CIPN): a University of Rochester CCOP study of 462 cancer survivors.; PURPOSE: Chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy (CIPN) occurs in as high as 70% of patients receiving certain types of chemotherapy agents. The FDA has yet to approve a therapy for CIPN. The aim of this multicenter, phase III, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was to investigate the efficacy of 2% ketamine plus 4% amitriptyline (KA) cream for reducing CIPN., METHODS: Cancer survivors who completed chemotherapy at least 1 month prior and had CIPN (>4 out of 10) were enrolled (N=462). CIPN was assessed using average scores from a 7-day daily diary that asks patients to rate the average "pain, numbness, or tingling in [their] hands and feet over the past 24 h" on an 11-point numeric rating scale at baseline and 6 weeks post intervention. ANCOVA was used to measure differences in 6-week CIPN with effects including baseline CIPN, KA treatment arm, and previous taxane therapy (Y/N)., RESULTS: The KA treatment showed no effect on 6-week CIPN scores (adjusted mean difference=-0.17, p=0.363)., CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that KA cream does not decrease CIPN symptoms in cancer survivors.
Effectiveness of milk whey protein-based ready-to-use therapeutic food in treatment of severe acute malnutrition in Malawian under-5 children: a randomised, double-blind, controlled non-inferiority clinical trial.; The cost of ready-to-use therapeutic food (RUTF) used in community-based management of acute malnutrition has been a major obstacle to the scale up of this important child survival strategy. The current standard recipe for RUTF [peanut-based RUTF (P-RUTF)] is made from peanut paste, milk powder, oil, sugar, and minerals and vitamins. Milk powder forms about 30% of the ingredients and may represent over half the cost of the final product. The quality of whey protein concentrates 34% (WPC34) is similar to that of dried skimmed milk (DSM) used in the standard recipe and can be 25-33% cheaper. This blinded, parallel group, randomised, controlled non-inferiority clinical trial tested the effectiveness in treating severe acute malnutrition (SAM) of a new RUTF formulation WPC-RUTF in which WPC34 was used to replace DSM. Average weight gain (non-inferiority margin DELTA = -1.2 g kg(-1) day(-1) ) and recovery rate (DELTA = -10%) were the primary outcomes, and length of stay (LOS) was the secondary outcome (DELTA = +14 days). Both per-protocol (PP) and intention-to-treat (ITT) analyses showed that WPC-RUTF was not inferior to P-RUTF for recovery rate [difference and its 95% confidence interval (CI) of 0.5% (95% CI -2.7, 3.7) in PP analysis and 0.6% (95% CI -5.2, 6.3) in ITT analysis] for average weight gain [0.2 (-0.5; 0.9) for both analyses] and LOS [-1.6 days (95% CI, -4.6, 1.4 days) in PP analysis and -1.9 days (95% CI, -4.6, 0.8 days) for ITT analysis]. In conclusion, whey protein-based RUTF is an effective cheaper alternative to the standard milk-based RUTF for the treatment of SAM. Copyright © 2014 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Imiquimod 2.5% and 3.75% for the treatment of actinic keratoses: two phase 3, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies.; BACKGROUND: Imiquimod 3.75% and 2.5% creams were studied for the treatment of actinic keratosis (AK) of the full face or balding scalp, to determine comparable efficacy and tolerability to imiquimod 5% cream., METHODS: In two identical multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo controlled studies. Adult subjects with 5 to 20 visible lesions, or palpable AKs in an area that exceeded 25 cm2 on either the face or balding scalp were randomized to imiquimod 3.75%, 2.5% or vehicle cream (1:1:1) applied once daily for two 2-week treatment cycles, with a 2-week, no-treatment interval between cycles. Efficacy was assessed 8 weeks posttreatment (End of Study Visit [EOS]). Primary efficacy was rate of complete clearance of AK lesions. Secondary efficacy endpoints were rate of partial clearance at EOS (>= 75% reduction in number of AK lesions compared to baseline) and median percent decrease from baseline lesion count. Safety assessments included visual assessment of local skin reactions (LSRs), number and duration of study treatment rest periods required due to intolerant LSRs, adverse events (AEs) and clinical laboratory tests., RESULTS: Overall 479 patients were randomized to imiquimod 3.75%, 2.5%, or vehicle. Complete clearance rates were 35.6%, 30.6%, and 6.3% respectively (both P<.001 versus vehicle). The difference in complete clearance rates (imiquimod minus vehicle) was 29.3% and 24.3%, respectively. Partial clearance rates were 59.4%, 48.1%, and 22.6% respectively (both P<.001 versus vehicle). Median % reductions in AK lesions were 81.8%, 71.8%, and 25.0% respectively (P<.001 versus vehicle). All primary and secondary efficacy endpoints were greater in Study 1. Photodamage in the treatment area was 'much improved' with imiquimod 3.75%. Both active creams were well tolerated with few treatment-related discontinuations., CONCLUSIONS: In two well-controlled Phase 3 studies, both imiquimod 3.75% and 2.5% creams were more effective than vehicle and well tolerated when administered daily as a 2-week on/off/on regimen to treat AK. Reduction in AK lesions was comparable to that reported with imiquimod 5% with fewer local AEs.
Neurodevelopment, nutrition, and growth until 12 mo of age in infants fed a low-energy, low-protein formula supplemented with bovine milk fat globule membranes: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Observational studies have indicated that differences in the composition of human milk and infant formula yield benefits in cognitive development and early growth for breastfed infants., OBJECTIVE: The objective was to test the hypothesis that feeding an infant formula with reduced energy and protein densities and supplemented with bovine milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) reduces differences in cognitive development and early growth between formula-fed and breastfed infants., DESIGN: In a prospective, double-blind, randomized controlled trial, 160 infants <2 mo of age were randomly assigned to be fed an MFGM-supplemented, low-energy, low-protein experimental formula (EF) or a standard formula (SF) until 6 mo of age. The energy and protein contents of the EF and SF were 60 and 66 kcal/100 mL and 1.20 and 1.27 g/100 mL, respectively. A breastfed reference (BFR) group consisted of 80 infants., RESULTS: At 12 mo of age, the cognitive score (mean +/- SD) on testing with the Bayley Scales of Infant and Toddler Development, Third Edition, was significantly higher in the EF group than in the SF group (105.8 +/- 9.2 compared with 101.8 +/- 8.0; P = 0.008) but was not significantly different from that in the BFR group (106.4 +/- 9.5; P = 0.73). The EF group ingested larger volumes of formula than did the SF group (864 +/- 174 compared with 797 +/- 165 mL/d; P = 0.022), fully compensating for the lower energy density. No significant differences in linear growth, weight gain, body mass index, percentage body fat, or head circumference were found between the EF and SF groups., CONCLUSIONS: MFGM supplementation to infant formula narrows the gap in cognitive development between breastfed and formula-fed infants. Between 2 and 6 mo of age, formula-fed term infants have the capacity to upregulate their ingested volumes when the energy density of formula is reduced from 66 to 60 kcal/100 mL.
Prophylactic use of Mepitel Film prevents radiation-induced moist desquamation in an intra-patient randomised controlled clinical trial of 78 breast cancer patients.; PURPOSE: Safetac-based soft silicone dressings used in a management setting decrease the severity of radiation-induced acute skin reactions but do not affect moist desquamation rates. Here we investigate the prophylactic use of another Safetac product, Mepitel Film, on moist desquamation rates., MATERIAL AND METHODS: A total of 80 breast cancer patients receiving radiation therapy were recruited between October 2012 and April 2013; 78 participants contributed data for analysis. Lateral and medial halves of the skin areas to be irradiated were randomised to Mepitel Film or aqueous cream; skin dose was measured using thermoluminescent dosimeters; skin reaction severity was assessed using RISRAS and RTOG scales., RESULTS: Overall skin reaction severity was reduced by 92% (p<0.0001) in favour of Mepitel Film (RISRAS). All patients developed some form of reaction in cream-treated skin which progressed to moist desquamation in 26% of patients (RTOG grades I: 28%; IIA: 46%; IIB: 18%; III: 8%). Only 44% of patients had a skin reaction under the Film, which did not progress to moist desquamation in any of the patients (RTOG grades I: 36%; IIA: 8%)., CONCLUSIONS: Mepitel Film completely prevented moist desquamation and reduced skin reaction severity by 92% when used prophylactically in our cohort. Copyright © 2014 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of milk proteins on linear growth and IGF variables in overweight adolescents.; OBJECTIVE: Milk may stimulate growth acting via insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) secretion but the effect in adolescents is less examined. This study investigates the effect of milk proteins on linear growth, IGF-I, IGF binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) and IGF-I/IGFBP-3 ratio in overweight adolescents., DESIGN: The trial included 193 overweight adolescents aged 12-15 years. They were randomized to drink 1L/day of: skimmed milk, whey, casein or water for 12 weeks; all milk-based drinks contained 35 g protein/L. A subgroup of 32 adolescents was examined 12 weeks before they were randomized into the groups and started the intervention (pre-test control group). Examinations included anthropometry, diet registration and blood samples which were analyzed for IGF-I and IGFBP-3 by chemiluminescence methods. The effects of milk-based drinks on linear growth, IGF-I, IGFBP-3 and IGF-I availability, calculated as the IGF-I/IGFBP-3 ratio, were compared with baseline, the pre-test control group and water., RESULTS: IGF-I increased with skimmed milk (P=0.015) and tended to increase with casein (P=0.075) compared to the pre-test control group. IGFBP-3 but not IGF-I increased with skimmed milk (P=0.006) and casein (P=0.001) compared to water. There was no difference in height or height Z-score for any of the milk-based test drink groups compared to water or compared to the pre-test control group. However, height Z-score decreased within the whey group., CONCLUSIONS: Skimmed milk and casein may have a stimulating effect on the IGF-I system whereas there was no positive effect on height in overweight adolescents during this 12 week intervention. Copyright © 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
trans Palmitoleic acid arises endogenously from dietary vaccenic acid.; BACKGROUND: trans Palmitoleic acid (t-16:1n-7, or 16:1 t9 in the delta nomenclature usually applied to trans fatty acids and used herein) arouses great scientific interest because it has been suggested to serve as a biomarker for lower risks of type 2 diabetes and coronary artery disease., OBJECTIVE: Although 16:1 t9 has been assumed to derive from dietary sources, we examined the hypothesis that 16:1 t9 might also be endogenously produced from its metabolic precursor vaccenic acid (t-18:1n-7 or 18:1 t11)., DESIGN: We reevaluated fatty acid data obtained from one human intervention study and one cellular model in both of which 18:1 t11 was supplemented. Both studies have already been published, but to our knowledge, 16:1 t9 has not yet been considered. This reanalysis of the datasets was reasonable because a new methodology for identifying 16:1 cis and trans isomers allowed us to address the subject presented in this article., RESULTS: Data showed that the systemic or intracellular increase in 16:1 t9 was strongly correlated with the increase in 18:1 t11 after the dietary intake or cellular uptake of 18:1 t11. The conversion rate in humans was, on average, 17%., CONCLUSION: Our findings suggest that endogenous 16:1 t9 is not, as has been assumed, exclusively diet derived but may also be produced by the partial beta oxidation of dietary 18:1 t11.
The effect of DASH diet on pregnancy outcomes in gestational diabetes: a randomized controlled clinical trial.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The current study was performed to investigate the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating plan on pregnancy outcomes in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)., SUBJECTS/METHODS: This randomized controlled clinical trial was performed among 52 women diagnosed with GDM. Participants were randomly assigned to consume either the control (n=26) or the DASH diet (n=26) for 4 weeks. The control diet was designed to contain 45-55% carbohydrates, 15-20% protein and 25-30% total fat. The DASH diet was rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains and low-fat dairy products, and contained lower amounts of saturated fats, cholesterol and refined grains with a total of 2400 mg/day sodium. The numbers of women who commenced insulin therapy after dietary intervention, the mode of delivery and prevalence of polyhydramnios were assessed. The length, weight and head circumference of infants were measured during the first 24 h after birth., RESULTS: Whereas 46.2% of women in the DASH diet needed to have a cesarean section, this percentage for the control group was 80.8% (P=0.01). The percentage of those who needed to commence insulin therapy after intervention was also significantly different between the two groups (23% for DASH vs 73% for control group, P<0.0001). Infants born to mothers on the DASH diet had significantly lower weight (3222.7 vs 3818.8 g, P<0.0001), head circumference (34.2 vs 35.1 cm, P=0.01) and ponderal index (2.50 vs 2.87 kg/m(3), P<0.0001) compared with those born to mothers on the control diet., CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, consumption of DASH diet for 4 weeks among pregnant women with GDM resulted in improved pregnancy outcomes.
Acute effects of pistachio consumption on glucose and insulin, satiety hormones and endothelial function in the metabolic syndrome.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: Nut consumption has been found to decrease risk of coronary heart disease and diabetes and to promote healthy body weights possibly related to their favorable macronutrient profile. We therefore assessed the effect of pistachios on postprandial glucose and insulin levels, gut hormones related to satiety and endothelial function., SUBJECTS/METHODS: In this randomized crossover study, 20 subjects with metabolic syndrome consumed five study meals over 5-10 weeks. The meals differed in fat type and quantity, but were matched according to available carbohydrates (CHOs). Three meals had 50 g available CHO: white bread (WB50g), white bread, butter and cheese (WB+B+Ch) and white bread and pistachios (WB+P). Two meals had 12 g available CHO: white bread (WB12g) and pistachios (P)., RESULTS: Within each group of available CHO meals, postprandial glucose levels were the highest following the white bread-only meals, and glucose response was significantly attenuated when butter and cheese or pistachios were consumed (P<0.05). Postprandial insulin levels were highest after the WB+B+Ch meal (P<0.05), but did not differ between the white bread-only and pistachio meals. Both endothelial function (reactive hyperemia index) and arterial stiffness (augmentation index) significantly increased after the white bread-only meals compared with the WB+B+Ch meal (all P<0.05). Insulin secretagogue levels were higher when butter and cheese or pistachios were consumed than when white bread only was consumed (P<0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: Compared with white bread, pistachio consumption reduced postprandial glycemia, increased glucagon-like-peptide levels and may have insulin-sparing properties. These effects could be beneficial for individuals with diabetes and metabolic syndrome.
Infant formula composition affects energetic efficiency for growth: the BeMIM study, a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Protein source, macronutrient composition and content of long chain-polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFA) of infant formulae may influence infant growth. We aimed to assess the effect of a modified infant formula on growth., METHODS: In a randomized, double-blind trial, 213 healthy term infants consumed isoenergetic study formulae (intervention formula - IF, control formula - CF) from the first month of life until the age of 120 days. IF (1.89 g protein/100 kcal) contained alpha-lactalbumin (ALAB) and LC-PUFA, while CF (2.30 g protein/100 kcal) provided standard whey and no LC-PUFA. Anthropometry and dietary intake were regularly assessed. A venous blood sample was obtained on day 120., RESULTS: Both formulae were well-accepted without significant differences in health related observations. Weight gain was not statistically different between formula groups (IF: 30.2 +/- 6.3 vs. CF: 28.3 +/- 6.5 g/day, mean +/- SD, P = 0.06). Length gain was higher in IF (0.11 +/- 0.02 vs. 0.10 +/- 0.02 cm/day, P = 0.02). Energy intake from formula was higher in CF at 90 and 120 days (IF: 509 +/- 117 and 528 +/- 123 vs. CF: 569 +/- 152 and 617 +/- 169 kcal/day, P < 0.01). Protein intake in CF was significantly higher at each assessment. Growth per energy intake was higher in IF compared to CF for weight (6.45 +/- 2.01 vs. 5.67 +/- 2.21 g/100 kcal, P = 0.02) and length (0.23 +/- 0.08 vs. 0.20 +/- 0.08 mm/100 kcal, P = 0.04)., CONCLUSIONS: The modified infant formula with reduced protein content with added ALAB and LC-PUFA, meets infant requirements of protein for adequate growth. The increased energetic efficiency of the new infant formula might result from improved protein composition by added ALAB. Apparently minor differences in composition can markedly affect energetic efficiency for growth. The study was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT01094080). Copyright © 2014 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd.. All rights reserved.
Realistic intake of a flavanol-rich soluble cocoa product increases HDL-cholesterol without inducing anthropometric changes in healthy and moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects.; To assess whether antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and other cardio-protective effects attributed to cocoa are achieved when regularly consuming moderate amounts of a flavanol-rich soluble cocoa product, a non-randomized, controlled, crossover, free-living study was carried out in healthy (n = 24; 25.9 +/- 5.6 years) and moderately hypercholesterolemic (200-240 mg dL(-1); n = 20; 30.0 +/- 10.3 years) volunteers. Participants consumed two servings per day (7.5 g per serving) of a soluble cocoa product (providing 45.3 mg flavanols per day) in milk, which was compared with consuming only milk during a 4 week period. The effects on systolic and diastolic blood pressure and heart rate were determined, as well as on serum lipid and lipoprotein profiles, interleukins (IL)-1beta, IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), vascular (VCAM-1) and intercellular cell adhesion molecules (ICAM-1), serum malondialdehyde (MDA), carbonyl groups (CG), ferric reducing/antioxidant power (FRAP), oxygen radical absorbance capacity (ORAC), and free radical scavenging capacity (ABTS). During the study, the volunteers' diets and physical activity were also evaluated, as well as any changes in weight, skin folds, circumferences and related anthropometric parameters. Cocoa and certain polyphenol-rich fruits and vegetables and their derivatives were restricted. After consuming the cocoa product positive effects were observed such as an increase in serum HDL-C (p < 0.001) and dietary fiber intake (p = 0.050), whereas IL-10 decreased (p = 0.022). Other cardiovascular-related biomarkers and anthropometric parameters were unaffected. We have therefore concluded that regular consumption of this cocoa product in a Spanish-Mediterranean diet may protect against cardiovascular disease in healthy and hypercholesterolemic subjects without producing any weight gain or other anthropometric changes.
A healthy diet with and without cereal grains and dairy products in patients with type 2 diabetes: study protocol for a random-order cross-over pilot study--Alimentation and Diabetes in Lanzarote--ADILAN.; BACKGROUND: Research on the role of nutrition in type 2 diabetes has largely focused on macro/micronutrient composition and dietary fiber intake, while fewer studies have tested the effects of differing food choice. Some observational studies and short-term intervention studies suggest that a food pattern mimicking the diet with which humans evolved positively influences glucose control and associated endocrine systems. Such a food pattern mainly differs from other common healthy food patterns in its absence of cereal grains and dairy products. The primary aim of this pilot study is to determine the effect of two healthy diets with or without cereal grains and dairy products on glucose control, while keeping participants' weight stable and other food parameters, such as macro/micronutrient composition, dietary fiber and glycemic load, the same in both diets., METHODS/DESIGN: We intend to include 15 adult patients with a medical diagnosis of type 2 diabetes mellitus with or without medication and with an increased waist circumference (>= 80 cm for women and >= 94 cm for men) in a random-order cross-over diet intervention study during two periods of four-weeks separated by a six-week washout period. Patients will be instructed to eat two healthy diets according to official dietary guidelines with respect to macro/micronutrient composition and fiber content, but differing in the type of food included, with one diet being without cereal grains and dairy products. Lunch will be served in a hospital kitchen for control of nutrient intake, while the rest of the meals will be eaten at home according to specific directions. The energy content of the diets will be individually adjusted to maintain a stable body weight during the two four-week intervention periods. Primary outcomes will be change in fasting plasma glucagon and fructosamine, while secondary outcomes include change in fasting glucose and glycated hemoglobin, glucose and glucagon response during oral glucose tolerance test, blood lipids, blood pressure, C-reactive protein, body composition, quality of life, subjective experience with the two diets, satiety scores and changes in medication., DISCUSSION: Using these results, we will assess the need to conduct larger and longer studies with similar design., TRIAL REGISTRATION: This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01891955 and Spanish Agency of Medication and Sanitary Products (AEMPS) registration code: MFV-ADI-2013-01.
Unexpectedly increased anorexigenic postprandial responses of PYY and GLP-1 to fast ice cream consumption in adult patients with Prader-Willi syndrome.; OBJECTIVE: The effect of eating rate on the release of anorexigenic gut peptides in Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS), a neurogenetic disorder clinically characterized by hyperphagia and excessive obesity, has not been investigated so far., DESIGN AND PATIENTS: Postprandial PYY and GLP-1 levels to fast (5 min) and slow (30 min) ice cream consumption were measured in PWS adult patients and age-matched patients with simple obesity and normal-weighted subjects. Visual analog scales (VASs) were used to evaluate the subjective feelings of hunger and satiety., RESULTS: Fast ice cream consumption stimulated GLP-1 release in normal subjects, a greater increase being observed with slow feeding. Fast or slow feeding did not change circulating levels of GLP-1 in obese patients, while, unexpectedly, fast feeding (but not slow feeding) stimulated GLP-1 release in PWS patients. Plasma PYY concentrations increased in all groups, irrespective of the eating rate. Slow feeding was more effective in stimulating PYY release in normal subjects, while fast feeding was more effective in PWS patients. Slow feeding evoked a lower hunger and higher satiety compared with fast feeding in normal subjects, this finding being not evident in obese patients. Unexpectedly, fast feeding evoked a lower hunger and higher satiety in PWS patients in comparison with slow feeding., CONCLUSIONS: Fast feeding leads to higher concentrations of anorexigenic gut peptides and favours satiety in PWS adult patients, this pattern being not evident in age-matched patients with simple obesity, thus suggesting the existence of a different pathophysiological substrate in these two clinical conditions. Copyright © 2013 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Parent health literacy and "obesogenic" feeding and physical activity-related infant care behaviors.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the relationship between parent health literacy and "obesogenic" infant care behaviors., STUDY DESIGN: Cross-sectional analysis of baseline data from a cluster randomized controlled trial of a primary care-based early childhood obesity prevention program (Greenlight). English- and Spanish-speaking parents of 2-month-old children were enrolled (n = 844). The primary predictor variable was parent health literacy (Short Test of Functional Health Literacy in Adults; adequate >= 23; low <23). Primary outcome variables involving self-reported obesogenic behaviors were: (1) feeding content (more formula than breast milk, sweet drinks, early solid food introduction), and feeding style-related behaviors (pressuring to finish, laissez-faire bottle propping/television [TV] watching while feeding, nonresponsiveness in letting child decide amount to eat); and (2) physical activity (tummy time, TV). Multivariate logistic regression analyses (binary, proportional odds models) performed adjusting for child sex, out-of-home care, Women, Infants, and Children program status, parent age, race/ethnicity, language, number of adults/children in home, income, and site., RESULTS: Eleven percent of parents were categorized as having low health literacy. Low health literacy significantly increased the odds of a parent reporting that they feed more formula than breast milk, (aOR = 2.0 [95% CI: 1.2-3.5]), immediately feed when their child cries (aOR = 1.8 [1.1-2.8]), bottle prop (aOR = 1.8 [1.002-3.1]), any infant TV watching (aOR = 1.8 [1.1-3.0]), and inadequate tummy time (<30 min/d), (aOR = 3.0 [1.5-5.8])., CONCLUSIONS: Low parent health literacy is associated with certain obesogenic infant care behaviors. These behaviors may be modifiable targets for low health literacy-focused interventions to help reduce childhood obesity. Copyright © 2014 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Surgical excision versus imiquimod 5% cream for nodular and superficial basal-cell carcinoma (SINS): a multicentre, non-inferiority, randomised controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Basal-cell carcinoma is the most common form of skin cancer and its incidence is increasing worldwide. We aimed to assess the effectiveness of imiquimod cream versus surgical excision in patients with low-risk basal-cell carcinoma., METHODS: We did a multicentre, parallel-group, pragmatic, non-inferiority, randomised controlled trial at 12 centres in the UK, in which patients were recruited between June 19, 2003, and Feb 22, 2007, with 3 year follow-up from June 26, 2006, to May 26, 2010. Participants of any age were eligible if they had histologically confirmed primary nodular or superficial basal-cell carcinoma at low-risk sites. We excluded patients with morphoeic or recurrent basal-cell carcinoma and those with Gorlin syndrome. Participants were randomly assigned (1:1) via computer-generated blocked randomisation, stratified by centre and tumour type, to receive either imiquimod 5% cream once daily for 6 weeks (superficial) or 12 weeks (nodular), or surgical excision with a 4 mm margin. The randomisation sequence was concealed from study investigators. Because of the nature of the interventions, masking of participants was not possible and masking of outcome assessors was only partly possible. The trial statistician was masked to allocation until all analyses had been done. The primary outcome was the proportion of participants with clinical success, defined as absence of initial treatment failure or signs of recurrence at 3 years from start of treatment. We used a prespecified non-inferiority margin of a relative risk (RR) of 0.87. Analysis was by a modified intention-to-treat population and per protocol. This study is registered as an International Standard Randomised Controlled Trial (ISRCTN48755084), and with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00066872., FINDINGS: 501 participants were randomly assigned to the imiquimod group (n=254) or the surgical excision group (n=247). At year 3, 401 (80%) patients were included in the modified intention-to-treat group. At 3 years, 178 (84%) of 213 participants in the imiquimod group were treated successfully compared with 185 (98%) of 188 participants in the surgery group (RR 0.84, 98% CI 0.78-0.91; p<0.0001). No clear difference was noted between groups in patient-assessed cosmetic outcomes. The most common adverse events were itching (211 patients in the imiquimod group vs 129 in the surgery group) and weeping (160 vs 81). We recorded serious adverse events in 99 (40%) of 249 participants in the imiquimod group and 97 (42%) of 229 in the surgery group had serious adverse events, but none were regarded as related to treatment. 12 (5%) participants in the imiquimod group withdrew because of adverse events compared with four (2%) in the surgery group., INTERPRETATION: Imiquimod was inferior to surgery according to our predefined non-inferiority criterion. Although excisional surgery remains the best treatment for low-risk basal-cell carcinoma, imiquimod cream might still be a useful treatment option for small low-risk superficial or nodular basal-cell carcinoma dependent on factors such as patient preference, size and site of the lesion, and whether the patient has more than one lesion., FUNDING: Cancer Research UK. Copyright © 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Pilot clinical trial on the efficacy of prophylactic use of vitamin K1-based cream (Vigorskin) to prevent cetuximab-induced skin rash in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer.; BACKGROUND: Cetuximab is an effective option for the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer in the first and subsequent lines of treatment; among its side effects, acneiform skin rash is one of the major causes of treatment delay, reduction, or interruption, with a negative effect on quality of life. No effective strategy to prevent skin rash induced by epidermal growth factor receptor inhibitors is available; however, encouraging results have come from vitamin K1, phytomenadione, applied as a topical formulation. Available studies have been conducted in heterogeneous populations and are mainly focused on the use of vitamin K1-based cream for the treatment, rather than the prophylaxis, of acneiform rash., PATIENTS AND METHODS: Forty-one consecutive patients from a single center all affected by metastatic colorectal cancer and receiving cetuximab, alone or combined with chemotherapy, applied vitamin K1-based cream to prevent the occurrence of acneiform skin rash. The cream was applied twice a day on the face and trunk from the first day of administration of cetuximab., RESULTS: The application of the cream was well tolerated. No grade 4 rash was reported. The proportion of grade 3 skin rash in the first 8 weeks of treatment in this population was 15%, at the lower limit of values reported in the literature, and the proportion of patients with grade 2 rash was reduced (22.5%)., CONCLUSION: This experience confirms available data in a homogeneous population, suggesting a possible benefit of topical vitamin K1 as prophylaxis for cetuximab-induced skin rash in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer. Copyright © 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of milk proteins and combined exercise training on aortic hemodynamics and arterial stiffness in young obese women with high blood pressure.; BACKGROUND: Obesity and reduced muscle strength are associated with increased blood pressure (BP). We examined the impact of milk proteins and combined exercise training (CET) on BP, arterial function, and muscle strength (one-repetition maximum (1-RM))., METHODS: Thirty-three obese sedentary women (age = 30 +/- 1 years; body mass index = 35.2 +/- 0.9 kg/m(2); systolic BP (SBP) = 129 +/- 2 mm Hg) were randomized to control carbohydrate (n = 11), whey (n = 11), and casein (n = 11) supplementation for 4 weeks. All participants performed moderate-intensity CET 3 days/week. Brachial and aortic SBP, augmentation index adjusted for 75 beats/minute (AIx@75), arterial stiffness (brachial-ankle pulse wave velocity (baPWV)), and 1-RM were measured before and after the interventions., RESULTS: There were significant (P < 0.05) time-by-group interactions for brachial SBP (bSBP), aortic SBP (aSBP), AIx@75, and baPWV. Whey and casein supplementation significantly (P < 0.05) decreased bSBP (approximately 5mm Hg for both), aSBP (approximately 7 mm Hg and approximately 6mm Hg, respectively), AIx@75 (approximately 9.2% and approximately 8.1%, respectively) and baPWV (approximately 57 cm/s and approximately 53 cm/s, respectively) compared with no changes in the control group. Upper- (approximately 22.2%) and lower-body 1-RM (approximately 44.0%) increased similarly in all groups. Changes in arterial function and 1-RM were not correlated., CONCLUSIONS: Milk protein supplementation with CET reduced SBP, wave reflection, and arterial stiffness in young obese women with prehypertension and hypertension. Because CET did not affect arterial function, milk proteins may have an antihypertensive effect by improving arterial function, as shown by reduced AIx@75 and baPWV. Muscle strength improvements after CET did not affect BP and arterial function., CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrial.gov Registration NCT01830946.
Branched-chain amino acid requirements for enterally fed term neonates in the first month of life.; BACKGROUND: Knowledge of essential amino acid requirements in infants is important because excessive intake of protein can lead to increased long-term morbidity such as obesity. A deficient intake may lead to suboptimal growth and impaired neurodevelopment. The current recommended branched-chain amino acid requirements in infants aged 0-1 mo are based on the amino acid content of human milk., OBJECTIVE: We quantified the requirements for isoleucine, leucine, and valine for term neonates by using the indicator amino acid oxidation method with [1-(13)C]phenylalanine as the indicator., DESIGN: Fully enterally fed term infants received randomly graded amounts of isoleucine (5-216 mg . kg(-1) . d(-1)), leucine (5-370 mg . kg(-1) . d(-1)), or valine (5-236 mg . kg(-1) . d(-1)) as part of an elemental formula. Data are expressed as means +/- SDs., RESULTS: Eighty-three Asian, term neonates (mean +/- SD birth weight: 3.3 +/- 0.4 kg; gestational age: 39.4 +/- 1.3 wk) were studied at a postnatal age of 13 +/- 5 d. Mean requirements for isoleucine, leucine, and valine (measured in boys only) were 105 mg . kg(-1) . d(-1) (r(2) = 0.61, P < 0.001), 140 mg . kg(-1) . d(-1) (r(2) = 0.26, P < 0.01), and 110 mg . kg(-1) . d(-1) (r(2) = 0.35, P = 0.001), respectively., CONCLUSIONS: Current human milk-based recommendations for isoleucine and valine in term infants aged 0-1 mo are correct. However, the current recommendation for leucine (166 mg . kg(-1) . d(-1)) is higher than the mean requirement of 140 mg . kg(-1) . d(-1) that we determined in this study. This trial was registered at www.trialregister.nl as NTR1610.
Milk minerals modify the effect of fat intake on serum lipid profile: results from an animal and a human short-term study.; Despite a high content of saturated fat, evidence from observational studies indicates that the consumption of dairy products may have a neutral effect or may be inversely associated with the risk of CVD. We aimed to examine whether milk minerals modify the effect of saturated fat on serum lipid profile. We present data from two studies. Study I had a randomised, blinded, parallel design (n 24 pigs) with a 10 d adaptation period during which a high-fat diet was fed to the pigs and a 14 d intervention period during which the same diet either enriched with milk minerals (MM group) or placebo (control group) was fed to the pigs. Study II had a randomised cross-over design (n 9 men) where the subjects were fed either a high-fat diet enriched with milk minerals (MM period) or a regular diet (control period). In both the studies, blood variables were measured before and after the intervention and faecal and urine samples were collected at the end of the dietary periods. The increase in plasma total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol concentrations but not in HDL-cholesterol concentration was markedly lowered by milk minerals in both the studies. In the animal study, baseline adjusted total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol concentrations in the MM group were 11% (P = 0.004) and 13% (P = 0.03) lower compared with those in the control group after the intervention. Similarly in the human study, baseline adjusted total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol concentrations were 6% (P = 0.002) and 9% (P = 0.03) lower after the MM period compared with those in the control period. HDL-cholesterol concentration was not lowered by milk minerals. These short-term studies indicate that the addition of milk minerals to a high-fat diet to some extent attenuates the increase in total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol concentrations, without affecting HDL-cholesterol concentration.
Larger bowl size increases the amount of cereal children request, consume, and waste.; OBJECTIVE: To examine whether larger bowls bias children toward requesting more food from the adults who serve them., STUDY DESIGN: Study 1 was a between-subject design involving 69 preschool-age children who were randomized to receive either a small (8 oz) or large (16 oz) cereal bowl and were asked to tell researchers how much cereal they wanted for a morning snack. Study 2 was a within-subject design involving 18 school-age children at a summer camp who were given a small (8 oz) cereal bowl on one day and a large (16 oz) cereal bowl on another day and asked by a cafeteria server how much cereal and milk they wanted for breakfast. Hidden scales measured how much cereal and milk were served, consumed, and wasted. Body mass index was calculated at the end of the study., RESULTS: In study 1, the young children requested almost twice as much cereal to eat when presented with the larger bowl compared with the smaller bowl. In study 2, the older children consumed 52% more and wasted 26% more when served in the larger bowl., CONCLUSION: A step toward potentially reducing overeating and waste would be for parents and adult caregivers to use smaller bowls for serving food to children. Copyright © 2014 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Increased dairy consumption differentially improves metabolic syndrome markers in male and female adults.; BACKGROUND: Effects of dairy consumption on metabolic health and adiposity are inconsistent. Most clinical trials have investigated dairy intake, frequently during caloric restriction, in overweight or obese populations but not in a metabolic syndrome population. We investigated the effect of increased dairy intake without caloric restriction on anthropometrics, plasma lipids, and glucose in typically low-dairy consumers who met the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III (NCEP ATP III) metabolic syndrome criteria., METHODS: Male (n=14) and female (n=23) adults (54.1 +/- 9.7 years) with metabolic syndrome were randomized to consume low-fat dairy (LFD) (10 oz of 1% milk, 6 oz of nonfat yogurt, 4 oz of 2% cheese) or carbohydrate control (CNT) (1.5-oz granola bar and 12 oz of 100% juice) foods for 6 weeks in a crossover study design. Anthropometrics, metabolic syndrome parameters, insulin resistance, and parathyroid hormone were measured. Body composition was analyzed by a dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry scan for a subset of subjects (n=22)., RESULTS: LFD modulated metabolic syndrome parameters differently according to gender. Following LFD, men had lower glucose (95.4 +/- 9.1 vs. 98.9 +/- 10.6 mg/dL, P=0.048), whereas women had lower body weight (BW), waist circumference, and body mass index (P<0.01) compared to CNT. Women also had lower energy intake following LFD compared to CNT. Increases in phosphorus (a dairy nutrient) were negatively correlated with decreases in BW (r=-0.537; P<0.01) and body fat in women (r=-0.593, P<0.025), whereas the decreases in energy intake had no correlation with anthropometrics., CONCLUSIONS: Three dairy servings/day promoted small but significant improvements differentially by gender in a metabolic syndrome population.
A simple method minimizes chylothorax after minimally invasive esophagectomy.; BACKGROUND: Postoperative chylothorax is a rare, but potentially fatal complication after esophagectomy. Preventive measures aimed at decreasing the incidence of chyle leakage after minimally invasive esophagectomy (MIE) could potentially reduce the high postoperative mortality associated with this complication. However, previous techniques are traumatic and time consuming. We present a simple method in the prophylaxis of chylothorax after MIE., STUDY DESIGN: A total of 344 consecutive esophageal cancer patients who underwent 3-stage MIE between June 2006 and July 2012 were included. Of these, 178 patients were given preoperative milk orally 6 hours before surgery (Group M+), and 166 underwent MIE without preoperative milk and served as controls (Group M-). Patient demographics were retrospectively collected. The incidences of intraoperative thoracic duct identification and postoperative chylothorax were recorded and statistically compared between the 2 groups., RESULTS: In this cohort, the 2 groups were comparable in clinical features including age, sex, tumor location, histologic type, and TNM stage. No patient was converted to open thoracotomy. During the thoracoscopic stage, a higher incidence of duct identification (95.5% vs 12.7%, p < 0.001) and a lower incidence of duct ligation (6.74% vs 13.25%, p = 0.039) were recorded in Group M+. Postoperatively, a total of 10 cases of chylothorax (2.91%) were observed. The incidence of chylothorax was significantly lower in Group M+ than in Group M- (0.56% vs 5.42%, p = 0.018)., CONCLUSIONS: Preoperative oral administration of milk facilitates visualization of the thoracic duct and minimizes the risk of iatrogenic injury to the thoracic duct during thoracoscopic esophagectomy. It is a simple and safe method for preventing chyle leakage after MIE. A randomized and controlled trial is required to confirm these findings. Copyright © 2014 American College of Surgeons. All rights reserved.
Effect of buttermilk consumption on blood pressure in moderately hypercholesterolemic men and women.; OBJECTIVES: Milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) found in buttermilk is rich in unique bioactive proteins. Several studies suggest that MFGM proteins possess biological activities such as cholesterol-lowering, antiviral, antibacterial, and anticancer properties, but data in humans are lacking. Furthermore, to our knowledge, no study has yet investigated the antihypertensive potential of MFGM proteins from buttermilk. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of buttermilk consumption on blood pressure and on markers of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone (RAS) system in humans., METHODS: Men and women (N = 34) with plasma low-density lipoprotein cholesterol < 5 mmol/L and normal blood pressure (< 140 mm Hg) were recruited in this randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover study. Their diets were supplemented with 45 g/d of buttermilk and with 45 g/d of a macro-/micronutrient-matched placebo in random order (4 wk for each diet)., RESULTS: Buttermilk consumption significantly reduced systolic blood pressure (-2.6 mm Hg; P = 0.009), mean arterial blood pressure (-1.7 mm Hg; P = 0.015), and plasma levels of the angiotensin I-converting enzyme (-10.9%; P = 0.003) compared with the placebo, but had no effect on plasma concentrations of angiotensin II and aldosterone., CONCLUSION: Short-term buttermilk consumption reduces blood pressure in normotensive individuals. Copyright © 2014 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Bottle-weaning intervention and toddler overweight.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate 3 research questions: (1) Does a Women, Infants, and Children (WIC)-based counseling intervention reduce (milk) bottle use?; (2) Does this intervention reduce energy intake from bottles?; and (3) Does this intervention reduce the risk of a child being >85th percentile weight-for-length?, STUDY DESIGN: Parents of n = 300 12-month-olds consuming >2 bottles/d were randomized to a bottle-weaning intervention or control group. Nutritionists at WIC Supplemental Feeding Program sites delivered the intervention. Researchers assessed dietary intake and beverage container use via computer-guided 24-hour recalls, and anthropometrics at 15, 18, 21, and 24 months old. Intent-to-treat analyses controlled for baseline measures of outcomes and months post-baseline., RESULTS: At 1 year follow-up, the intervention group had reduced use of any bottles (OR = 0.23, 95% CI = 0.08-0.61), calories from milk bottles (OR = 0.36, 95% CI = 0.18-0.74), and total calories (beta = -1.15, P = .043), but did not differ from controls in risk of overweight status (ie, >85th percentile weight-for-length (OR = 1.02, 95% CI = 0.5-2.0). The intervention group's decreased bottle usage at 15 and 18 months was paralleled by increased "sippy cup" usage., CONCLUSION: A brief intervention, during WIC routine care, reduced early childhood risk factors for overweight-bottle use and energy intake--but not risk of overweight. The intervention group's increased use of sippy cups may have attenuated an intervention effect upon risk of overweight. Toddlers consume a high proportion of their calories as liquid. Parents should be counseled about excess intake from bottles and sippy cups. WIC is an ideal setting for such interventions. Copyright © 2014 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Associations between dairy protein intake and body weight and risk markers of diabetes and CVD during weight maintenance.; Dairy products have previously been reported to be associated with beneficial effects on body weight and metabolic risk markers. Moreover, primary data from the Diet, Obesity and Genes (DiOGenes) study indicate a weight-maintaining effect of a high-protein-low-glycaemic index diet. The objective of the present study was to examine putative associations between consumption of dairy proteins and changes in body weight and metabolic risk markers after weight loss in obese and overweight adults. Results were based on secondary analyses of data obtained from overweight and obese adults who completed the DiOGenes study. The study consisted of an 8-week weight-loss phase and a 6-month weight-maintenance (WM) phase, where the subjects were given five different diets varying in protein content and glycaemic index. In the present study, data obtained from all the subjects were pooled. Dairy protein intake was estimated from 3 d dietary records at two time points (week 4 and week 26) during the WM phase. Body weight and metabolic risk markers were determined at baseline (week -9 to -11) and before and at the end of the WM phase (week 0 and week 26). Overall, no significant associations were found between consumption of dairy proteins and changes in body weight and metabolic risk markers. However, dairy protein intake tended to be negatively associated with body weight gain (P=0.08; beta=-0.17), but this was not persistent when controlled for total protein intake, which indicates that dairy protein adds no additional effect to the effect of total protein. Therefore, the present study does not report that dairy proteins are more favourable than other proteins for body weight regulation.
Effects of an isocaloric healthy Nordic diet on ambulatory blood pressure in metabolic syndrome: a randomized SYSDIET sub-study.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Dietary pattern is central in the prevention of hypertension and blood pressure (BP)-related diseases. A diet based on healthy Nordic foods may have a favourable impact on BP. The objective was to clarify whether a Nordic alternative for a healthy food pattern would have beneficial effects on ambulatory BP in subjects with metabolic syndrome (MetS)., SUBJECTS/METHODS: In total, 37 subjects were randomized to either a healthy Nordic diet or a control diet. A healthy Nordic diet embraced whole grains, rapeseed oil, berries, fruits, vegetables, fish, nuts and low-fat dairy products of Nordic origin. The mean nutrient intake in the Nordic countries formed the control diet, embracing wheat products, dairy fat-based spread and a lower intake of fruits, vegetables and fish. Diets were isoenergetic. Ambulatory BP was monitored and 24-h urine was collected before and after 12 weeks of intervention., RESULTS: After 12 weeks, ambulatory diastolic BP (-4.4 mm Hg; P=0.001) and mean arterial pressure (-4.2 mm Hg; P=0.006) were lowered by the healthy Nordic diet compared with the control diet, whereas changes in ambulatory systolic BP did not differ significantly between diets (-3.5 mm Hg; P=0.122). Heart rate tended to be lower in those on the healthy Nordic diet (P=0.057). Urinary sodium and potassium excretions were unaffected by diets and consequently not associated with the healthy Nordic diet-induced lowering of BP., CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of Nordic varieties of health-enhancing foods for 12 weeks decreased diastolic ambulatory BP and mean arterial pressure in subjects with features of MetS during weight-stable condition, suggesting beneficial effects of a healthy Nordic dietary pattern on ambulatory BP.
Acceptance and usability of different sunscreen formulations among outdoor workers: a randomized, single-blind, cross-over study.; Adequate sun protection is often neglected during occupational outdoor work. To investigate the acceptance and usability of sunscreens during outdoor work a single-blind, randomized-controlled, cross-over trial was performed in 40 subjects. Two sunscreen formulations were used daily on working days for 4 weeks at a time, with a wash-out phase before crossover. The primary outcome was overall acceptance of the products with daily application. More than 80% of the outdoor workers were fully satisfied with the cosmetic properties, sweat resistance, performance and usability of both products under outdoor working conditions. With respect to overall performance, the milk was rated slightly better than the gel. In terms of ease of application, the milk was preferred (p<0.05). Sunscreens for those working outdoors must contain very high, broad-spectrum, photostable filters for both UVB and UVA, they must be easy to apply and sweat resistant, and should not irritate the eyes.
Daily intake of vitamin D- or calcium-vitamin D-fortified Persian yogurt drink (doogh) attenuates diabetes-induced oxidative stress: evidence for antioxidative properties of vitamin D.; BACKGROUND: Both poor vitamin D status and oxidative stress (OS) have been independently associated with late diabetic complications, including cardiovascular disease (CVD). The present study aimed to examine the effect of daily intake of vitamin D alone or in combination with calcium as a fortified Persian yogurt drink (doogh) on OS over 12 weeks., METHODS: Ninety patients with type 2 diabetes aged 30-50 years from both sexes were randomly allocated to one of the three groups to receive two 250-mL bottles of doogh a day, which was either plain (PD; containing 150 mg per 250 mL of calcium and no detectable vitamin D), vitamin D-fortified (DD; containing 150 mg of calcium + 500 IU vitamin D per 250 mL) or calcium-vitamin D-fortified (CDD; 250 mg od calcium + 500 IU vitamin D per 250 mL)., RESULTS: Although mean (SD) serum concentrations of protein carbonyl significantly decreased in both DD and CDD groups [-2.07 (4.39) nm, P = 0.015 and -4.4 (7.64) nm, P = 0.003, respectively], the change in PD group was not significant [-0.54 (6.96) nm, P = 0.674]. A similar pattern was observed for cardiac myeloperoxidase [PD: -19.4 (75.9) mug L(-1) , P = 0.173; DD: -21.8 (54.2) mug L(-1) , P = 0.035, CDD: -48.5 (76.9) mug L(-1) , P = 0.002]. Superoxide dismutase increased significantly only in DD and CDD [56.9 (74.0) U L(-1) , P < 0.001 and 51.6 (119.9) U L(-1) , P = 0.025, respectively]. Changes of serum advanced glycation end-products showed a significant between-group difference among PD, DD and CDD [239.4 (388.4) U L(-1) , -58.1 (147.6) U L(-1) and -143.7 (475.9) U L(-1) x 10(3) , respectively, P = 0.003], which remained significant after controlling for changes of fasting serum glucose (P = 0.013) and glycated haemoglobin (P = 0.015)., CONCLUSIONS: The findings of the present study demonstrated an OS attenuating effect of vitamin D. However, extra calcium did not convey additional benefit. Copyright © 2013 The British Dietetic Association Ltd.
Regular consumption of a cocoa product improves the cardiometabolic profile in healthy and moderately hypercholesterolaemic adults.; Cocoa products present great health potential due to their high content of polyphenols, mainly of flavanols. However, the antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and other health effects of regularly consuming cocoa products seem to depend on the intake and health status of the consumer, etc. and need to be further clarified. A randomised, controlled, cross-over, free-living study was carried out in healthy (n 24) and moderately hypercholesterolaemic (>2000 mg/l, n 20) subjects to assess the influence of regularly consuming (4 weeks) two servings (15 g each) of a cocoa product rich in fibre (containing 33.9 % of total dietary fibre (TDF) and 13.9 mg/g of soluble polyphenols) in milk v. consuming only milk (control) on (1) serum lipid and lipoprotein profile, (2) serum malondialdehyde levels, carbonyl groups, ferric reducing/antioxidant power, oxygen radical absorbance capacity and free radical-scavenging capacity, (3) IL-1beta, IL-6, TNF-alpha, IL-10, IL-8, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1, and vascular and intracellular cell adhesion molecule levels, and (4) systolic and diastolic blood pressure and heart rate. Throughout the study, the diet and physical activity of the volunteers, as well as any possible changes in weight or other anthropometric parameters, were also evaluated. The intake of TDF increased (P< 0.001) to the recommended levels. Serum HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C) levels were increased (P< 0.001), whereas glucose (P= 0.029), IL-1beta (P= 0.001) and IL-10 (P= 0.001) levels were decreased. The rest of the studied cardiovascular parameters, as well as the anthropometric ones, remained similar. In conclusion, regularly consuming a cocoa product with milk improves cardiovascular health by increasing HDL-C levels and inducing hypoglycaemic and anti-inflammatory effects in healthy and hypercholesterolaemic individuals without causing weight gain.
Enhancement of skin radical scavenging activity and stratum corneum lipids after the application of a hyperforin-rich cream.; Hyperforin is well-known for its anti-inflammatory, anti-tumor, anti-bacterial, and antioxidant properties. The application of a hyperforin-rich verum cream could strengthen the skin barrier function by reducing radical formation and stabilizing stratum corneum lipids. Here, it was investigated whether topical treatment with a hyperforin-rich cream increases the radical protection of the skin during VIS/NIR irradiation. Skin lipid profile was investigated applying HPTLC on skin lipid extracts. Furthermore, the absorption- and scattering coefficients, which influence radical formation, were determined. 11 volunteers were included in this study. After a single cream application, VIS/NIR-induced radical formation could be completely inhibited by both verum and placebo showing an immediate protection. After an application period of 4weeks, radical formation could be significantly reduced by 45% following placebo application and 78% after verum application showing a long-term protection. Furthermore, the skin lipids in both verum and placebo groups increased directly after a single cream application but only significantly for ceramide [AP], [NP1], and squalene. After long-term cream application, concentration of cholesterol and the ceramides increased, but no significance was observed. These results indicate that regular application of the hyperforin-rich cream can reduce radical formation and can stabilize skin lipids, which are responsible for the barrier function. Copyright © 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
A randomized trial evaluating the effects of change in dairy food consumption on cardio-metabolic risk factors.; BACKGROUND: It is currently not known whether dairy food influences the risk of cardiovascular disease or diabetes. This study evaluates effects of changing dairy intake on cardio-metabolic risk factors., METHODS: 180 healthy volunteers were randomised to increase, reduce or not change their dairy intake for 1 month in response to dietary advice. Body weight, waist circumference, blood pressure, fasting plasma lipids, insulin resistance and C-reactive protein (CRP) were measured at baseline and after 1 month and compared by dietary group., RESULTS: 176 (98%) subjects completed the study. Average change in self-reported dairy fat intake for increased dairy food was +0.9 SD 1.1 g/day (+71%), no change was -2.1 SD 0.4 g/day (-15%) and decreased dairy food was -10.8 SD 1.2 g/day (-77%) respectively. There was no statistically significant change in LDL or HDL cholesterol, triglycerides, systolic or diastolic blood pressure, C-reactive protein, glucose or insulin with 95% CI standard mean differences <0.2 for all and CRP <0.3. There was a small increase in weight (+0.4 kg, SD 3.1) in those asked to increase dairy food., CONCLUSIONS: In healthy volunteers, dietary advice to change dairy intake for 1 month did not have a clinically significant effect on cardio-metabolic risk factors. These observations suggest that dairy food can be included as part of a normal healthy diet without increasing cardio-metabolic risk., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ACTRN12612000574842. Copyright © The Author(s) 2013 Reprints and permissions: sagepub.co.uk/journalsPermissions.nav.
The effect of chromium on inflammatory markers, 1st and 2nd phase insulin secretion in type 2 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Impaired insulin sensitivity (SI) and beta-cell function are the two main causes of type 2 diabetes (T2D) and are related to low-grade inflammation status. Trivalent chromium has shown to improve SI in our previous study. This might be due to the ability of decreasing interleukin-6 (IL-6) and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) shown in animal studies. In the current study, we measured SI, beta-cell function, and plasma levels of IL-6 and TNF-alpha after treatment of chromium chloride (GaCr) in T2D., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Sixty-six patients were randomly assigned to the 20 g of GaCr milk powder studying group or the milk powder placebo group. Oral glucose tolerance test was performed before and after the treatment. The SI and the beta-cell function were measured as well., RESULTS: The SI was significantly improved. At the same time, the static insulin responsivity index (PHIs) was significantly higher after the treatment (p = 0.003). On the other hand, the dynamic insulin responsivity index (PHId) remained unchanged. Interestingly, a significant decrease in the IL-6 level after the treatment (p = 0.015) was noted. Although there was a trend of decreasing in TNF-alpha, it was not statistically significant. Finally, there was no significant correlation between the delta-IL-6, SI, and PHId after GaCr treatment., CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, other than the improvement of SI, GaCr could also improve the second phase of insulin responsivity (PHIs) and IL-6. However, delta-IL-6 was correlated with neither delta-SI nor delta-PHIs which indicated that the improvement of SI and PHIs might involve mechanisms other than lower inflammatory effect.
Additional benefit in CVD risk indices derived from the consumption of fortified milk when combined with a lifestyle intervention.; OBJECTIVE: The current study aimed to evaluate the effect of fortified milk combined with a lifestyle and counselling programme on several CVD risk factors after a 3-month dietary intervention., DESIGN: Hypercholesterolaemic adults were randomized to a group supplemented with low-fat milk that was enriched with phytosterols, alpha-linolenic and linoleic fatty acids, vitamins and antioxidants (enriched milk group, EMG: n 40), a placebo milk group (PMG: n 36) or a control group (CG: n 25). The EMG and PMG consumed respectively 500 ml of enriched milk or placebo milk daily and attended biweekly counselling sessions over a 3-month period., SETTING: Harokopio University, Athens, Greece., SUBJECTS: A sample of 101 hypercholesterolemic adults aged 40-60 years., RESULTS: Regarding lifestyle changes, total and saturated fat intakes decreased significantly in both intervention groups compared with the CG (P < 0.005). Furthermore, total steps were increased (P = 0.029) and BMI was decreased (P = 0.017) significantly in both intervention groups compared with the CG. Regarding biochemical indices, EPA content in erythrocyte membranes increased (P < 0.001) while serum C-reactive protein decreased (P = 0.003) significantly in both intervention groups compared with the CG. Finally, significant increases in plasma folic acid and vitamin B12 levels and a significant decrease in homocysteine levels were observed in the EMG compared with the PMG and CG (all P < 0.001). A favourable change in LDL cholesterol:HDL cholesterol was also observed in the EMG and tended to be significant compared with the PMG and CG (P = 0.066)., CONCLUSIONS: The present study showed that consumption of fortified milk accompanied with lifestyle counselling induces extra benefits in terms of LDL cholesterol:HDL cholesterol and serum homocysteine levels.
Effects of high and low fat dairy food on cardio-metabolic risk factors: a meta-analysis of randomized studies.; IMPORTANCE: Clear guidelines on the health effects of dairy food are important given the high prevalence of obesity, cardiovascular disease and diabetes, and increasing global consumption of dairy food., OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effects of increased dairy food on cardio metabolic risk factors., DATA SOURCES: Searches were performed until April 2013 using MEDLINE, Science Direct, Google,Embase, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, reference lists of articles, and proceedings of major meetings., STUDY SELECTION: Randomized controlled studies with healthy adults randomized to increased dairy food for more than one month without additional interventions., DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS: A standard list was used to extract descriptive, methodological and key variables from all eligible studies. If data was not included in the published report corresponding authors were contacted., RESULTS: 20 studies with 1677 participants with a median duration of dietary change of 26 (IQR 10-39) weeks and mean increase in dairy food intake of 3.6 (SD 0.92) serves/day were included. Increased dairy food intake was associated with a modest weight gain (+0.59, 95% confidence interval 0.34 to 0.84kg, p<0.0001) but no significant change in waist circumference (0.35 , -0.75 to 1.45 cm); insulin resistance (HOMA -IR -0.94 , -1.93 to 0.05 units); fasting glucose (0.87, -0.27 to 2.01 mg/dl); LDL-cholesterol (1.36 ,-2.38 to 5.09 mg/dl); HDL-cholesterol (0.45, -2.13 to 3.04 mg/dl); systolic (-0.13, -1.73 to 1.98 mmHg) and diastolic blood pressure (0.13, -1.73 to 1.98 mmHg) or C-reactive protein (-0.08, -0.63 to 0.48 mg/L). Results were similar for studies with low-fat and whole-fat dairy interventions., LIMITATIONS: Most clinical trials were small and of modest quality. ., CONCLUSION: Increasing whole fat and low fat dairy food consumption increases weight but has minor effects on other cardio-metabolic risk factors., TRIAL REGISTRATION ACTRN: Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry ACTRN12613000401752, http://www.anzctr.org.au., ETHICS APPROVAL NUMBER: NTX/10/11/115.
Lactose avoidance for young children with acute diarrhoea.; BACKGROUND: Young children with acute diarrhoea, typically due to infectious gastroenteritis, may temporarily stop producing lactase, the intestinal enzyme that digests lactose. This means they may not digest lactose, the main sugar in milk, and this may worsen or prolong the diarrhoeal illness. However, there is uncertainty whether avoiding lactose-containing milk or milk products helps young children recover from acute diarrhoea more quickly., OBJECTIVES: To assess if avoiding or reducing intake of lactose-containing milk or milk products shortens the duration and severity of illness in young children with acute diarrhoea. We also sought other indicators of morbidity and overall mortality., SEARCH METHODS: We searched the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group Specialized Register (14 May 2013), Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) published in The Cochrane Library (Issue 4, 2013), MEDLINE (1996 to 14 May 2013), EMBASE (1974 to 14 May 2013), and LILACS (1982 to 14 May 2013), and the reference lists of potentially relevant trials, key conference proceedings, and wrote to individuals and organizations in the field., SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomized or quasi-randomized controlled trials that assessed the effects of avoiding or reducing exposure to lactose in young children under five years with acute diarrhoea., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: We extracted data using the standard methods of the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group, and two review authors independently evaluated trial quality and data extraction. Continuous outcomes were compared using mean difference (MD), and dichotomous outcomes using the risk ratio (RR). We presented all results with 95% confidence intervals (CI) and assessed the quality of evidence using the GRADE approach., MAIN RESULTS: We included 33 trials enrolling 2973 children with acute diarrhoea. Twenty-nine trials were exclusively conducted on inpatients, all from high- or middle-income countries. Fifteen trials included children aged below 12 months, and 22 excluded children who were being breast-fed. Compared to lactose-containing milk, milk products, or foodstuffs, lactose-free products may reduce the duration of diarrhoea by an average of about 18 hours (MD -17.77, 95% CI -25.32 to -10.21, 16 trials, 1467 participants, low quality evidence). Lactose-free products probably also reduce treatment failure (defined variously as continued or worsening diarrhoea or vomiting, the need for additional rehydration therapy, or continuing weight loss) by around a half (RR 0.52, 95% CI 0.39 to 0.68, 18 trials, 1470 participants, moderate quality evidence). Diluted lactose-containing milk has not been shown to reduce the duration of diarrhoea compared to undiluted milk or milk products (five trials, 417 participants, low quality evidence), but may reduce the risk of treatment failure (RR 0.65, 95% CI 0.45 to 0.94, nine trials, 687 participants, low quality evidence)., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: In young children with acute diarrhoea who are not predominantly breast-fed, change to a lactose-free diet may result in earlier resolution of acute diarrhoea and reduce treatment failure. Diluting lactose-containing formulas may also have some benefits but further trials are required to have confidence in this finding. There are no trials from low-income countries, where mortality for diarrhoea is high, and malnutrition is more common.
Changes in blood pressure and lipid levels in young women consuming a vitamin D-fortified skimmed milk: a randomised controlled trial.; UNLABELLED: Vitamin D exerts a variety of extra-skeletal functions., AIM: to know the effects of the consumption of a vitamin D-fortified skimmed milk on glucose, lipid profile, and blood pressure in young women., METHODS: a randomised, placebo-controlled, double-blind parallel-group trial of 16 weeks duration was conducted in young women with low iron stores who consumed a skimmed milk fortified with iron and 200 IU/day (5 mug) of vitamin D (D-fortified group, n = 55), or a placebo without vitamin D (D-placebo group, n = 54). A reference group (n = 56) of iron-sufficient women was also recruited., RESULTS: baseline serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D was inversely correlated with total-cholesterol (r = -0.176, p = 0.023) and low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-chol) (r = -0.176, p = 0.024). During the assay, LDL-cholesterol increased in the D-placebo group (p = 0.005) while it tended to decrease in the D-fortified group (p = 0.07). Neither group displayed changes in total-cholesterol, high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-chol), triglycerides or glucose levels. Systolic (p = 0.017) and diastolic (p = 0.010) blood pressure decreased during the assay in the D-fortified group without significant differences compared to the D-placebo., CONCLUSION: consumption of a dairy product fortified with vitamin D reduces systolic and diastolic blood pressure but does not change lipid levels in young women.
Preventing the acute skin side effects in patients treated with radiotherapy for breast cancer: the use of corneometry in order to evaluate the protective effect of moisturizing creams.; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: The purpose of this study was to add, to the objective evaluation, an instrumental assessment of the skin damage induced by radiation therapy., MATERIALS AND METHODS: A group of 100 patients affected by breast cancer was recruited in the study over one year. Patients were divided into five groups of 20 patients. For each group it was prescribed a different topical treatment. The following products were used: Betaglucan, sodium hyaluronate (Neoviderm R), Vitis vinifera A. s-I-M.t-O.dij (Ixoderm R), Alga Atlantica plus Ethylbisiminomethylguaicolo and Manganese Cloruro (Radioskin1 R) and Metal Esculetina plus Ginko Biloba and Aloe vera (Radioskin 2 R); Natural triglycerides-fitosterols (Xderit R); Selectiose plus thermal water of Avene (Trixera+ R). All hydrating creams were applied twice a day starting 15 days before and one month after treatment with radiations. Before and during treatment patients underwent weekly skin assessments and corneometry to evaluate the symptoms related to skin toxicity and state of hydration. Evaluation of acute cutaneous toxicity was defined according to the RTOG scale., RESULTS: All patients completed radiotherapy; 72% of patients presented a G1 cutaneous toxicity, 18% developed a G2 cutaneous toxicity, 10% developed a G3 toxicity, no one presented G4 toxicity. The corneometry study confirmed the protective role of effective creams used in radiation therapy of breast cancer and showed its usefulness to identify radiation-induced dermatitis in a very early stage., CONCLUSIONS: The preventive use of topic products reduces the incidence of skin side effects in patients treated with radiotherapy for breast cancer. An instrumental evaluation of skin hydration can help the radiation oncologist to use strategies that prevent the onset of toxicity of high degree. All moisturizing creams used in this study were equally valid in the treatment of skin damage induced by radiotherapy.
Menaquinones, bacteria, and the food supply: the relevance of dairy and fermented food products to vitamin K requirements.; Vitamin K exists in the food supply as phylloquinone, a plant-based form and as menaquinones (MKs), a collection of isoprenologues mostly originating from bacterial synthesis. Although multiple bacterial species used as starter cultures for food fermentations synthesize MK, relatively little is known about the presence and distribution of MK in the food supply and the relative contribution of MK to total dietary vitamin K intake. Dairy products may be a predominant source of dietary MK in many regions of the world, and there is recent interest in enhancing the MK content of dairy products through identification and selection of MK-producing bacteria in dairy fermentations. This interest is increased by emerging evidence that current dietary recommendations based on the classic role of vitamin K as an enzyme cofactor for coagulation proteins may not be optimal for supporting vitamin K requirements in extrahepatic tissues and that MK may have unique bioactivity beyond that as an enzyme cofactor. Observational studies have reported favorable associations between MK intake and bone and cardiovascular health. Although randomized trials have provided some evidence to support the beneficial effects of MK on bone, the evidence to date is not definitive, and randomized trials have not yet examined MK intake in relation to cardiovascular outcomes. Food production practices provide a means to enhance dietary MK availability and intake. However, parallel research is needed to optimize these production practices, develop comprehensive food MK content databases, and test hypotheses of unique beneficial physiological roles of MK beyond that achieved by phylloquinone.
Dairy food consumption and meal-induced cortisol response interacted to influence weight loss in overweight women undergoing a 12-week, meal-controlled, weight loss intervention.; Dairy food enhances weight loss in animal models, possibly by modifying the metabolic effects of cortisol. This study determined in overweight women (ages 20.0-45.9 y; n = 51) whether including dairy food in an energy-restricted diet affects cortisol concentrations and whether differences in provoked cortisol explain the magnitude of weight loss. Women received either an adequate amount of dairy food (AD), the equivalent of >=711 mL/d milk, or a low amount of dairy food (LD), the equivalent to <=238 mL/d milk, in a 12-wk, energy-restricted dietary intervention. Participants were tested in a 12-h laboratory visit, which included 2 standard meals and a dinner buffet that was consumed ad libitum. Salivary cortisol was measured from waking to bedtime. Energy restriction increased (P <= 0.04) the minimum and decreased (P <= 0.02) the diurnal amplitude in the salivary cortisol concentration from baseline to postintervention. Energy restriction enhanced the dinner meal-stimulated salivary cortisol response (DMR) (P <= 0.02) but only in the LD group. Compared with the LD treatment, the AD treatment induced (P <= 0.04) greater reductions in body weight and fat, but only in women characterized as having a baseline DMR (responders) (n = 26); weight and fat lost in the AD and LD groups were similar in nonresponders (n = 25). Overall, energy restriction dampened diurnal salivary cortisol fluctuations [symptomatic of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis dysfunction] and enhanced dinner meal-stimulated salivary cortisol concentrations. The AD treatment prevented the latter. Furthermore, certain phenotypic markers of HPA axis function may help to expose the weight-reducing effects of consuming dairy food.
Lupin protein positively affects plasma LDL cholesterol and LDL:HDL cholesterol ratio in hypercholesterolemic adults after four weeks of supplementation: a randomized, controlled crossover study.; BACKGROUND: A couple of studies indicate a favorable impact of lupin protein on cardiovascular risk factors in humans. These studies, however, used relatively high doses of > 33 g/d, which can hardly be consumed under physiological conditions. Therefore, we investigated the effect of 25 g/d lupin protein isolate (LPI) on selected cardiovascular markers and on serum amino acids., METHODS: A total of 33 hypercholesterolemic subjects participated in a randomized, controlled, double-blind crossover study. LPI and the active comparator milk protein isolate (MPI) were incorporated in protein drinks and consumed over 8 wk separated by a 4 wk washout period. Anthropometric data, blood pressure, and nutrient intake were assessed at baseline and after 8 wk of both protein interventions. Blood was sampled at baseline, wk 4 and wk 8. All 33 subjects were included in final statistical analyses using repeated measures ANOVA with the general linear model or using linear mixed model., RESULTS: Except for higher HDL cholesterol at wk 4 of LPI (P <= 0.036), anthropometric parameters, blood pressure, and plasma lipids did not differ among LPI and MPI intervention. Compared to baseline, the primary outcome LDL cholesterol was significantly reduced after 4 wk of both interventions (P <= 0.008), while LDL:HDL cholesterol ratio was decreased only by LPI (P = 0.003). These time effects were restricted to subjects with higher hypercholesterolemia and disappeared after 8 wk. Blood pressure was reduced after 8 wk of LPI (P <= 0.044). Almost all serum amino acids were higher at wk 4 but not at wk 8 of MPI compared to LPI. Following 4 wk and 8 wk of LPI intervention, most amino acids remained unchanged. Both interventions caused a slight, but significant rise in body weight and body fat after 8 wk (P <= 0.045)., CONCLUSION: In conclusion, 25 g LPI can beneficially modulate plasma LDL cholesterol at least over short-term. Using appropriate dietetic conditions that improve consumer compliance and avoid changes in energy intake as well as in body composition, lupin protein could positively impact cardiovascular risk factors particularly in individuals with higher hypercholesterolemia., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT01304992.
Dairy products consumption and risk of type 2 diabetes: systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: The consumption of dairy products may influence the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), but inconsistent findings have been reported. Moreover, large variation in the types of dairy intake has not yet been fully explored., METHODS AND RESULTS: We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to clarify the dose-response association of dairy products intake and T2DM risk. We searched PubMed, EMBASE and Scopus for studies of dairy products intake and T2DM risk published up to the end of October 2012. Random-effects models were used to estimate summary relative risk (RR) statistics. Dose-response relations were evaluated using data from different dairy products in each study. We included 14 articles of cohort studies that reported RR estimates and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) of T2DM with dairy products intake. We found an inverse linear association of consumption of total dairy products (13 studies), low-fat dairy products (8 studies), cheese (7 studies) and yogurt (7 studies) and risk of T2DM. The pooled RRs were 0.94 (95% CI 0.91-0.97) and 0.88 (0.84-0.93) for 200 g/day total and low-fat dairy consumption, respectively. The pooled RRs were 0.80 (0.69-0.93) and 0.91 (0.82-1.00) for 30 g/d cheese and 50 g/d yogurt consumption, respectively. We also found a nonlinear association of total and low-fat dairy intake and T2DM risk, and the inverse association appeared to be strongest within 200 g/d intake., CONCLUSION: A modest increase in daily intake of dairy products such as low fat dairy, cheese and yogurt may contribute to the prevention of T2DM, which needs confirmation in randomized controlled trials.
New therapeutic potentials of milk thistle (Silybum marianum).; Silymarin is a bioflavonoid complex extract derived from dry seeds of Milk thistle [(Silybum marianum(L.) Gaemrnt. (Fam. Asteraceae/Compositaceae)] whose hepatoprotective effect has clinically been proved. Low toxicity, favorable pharmacokinetics, powerful antioxidant, detoxifying, preventive, protective and regenerative effects and side effects similar to placebo make silymarin extremely attractive and safe for therapeutic use. The medicinal properties of silymarin and its main component silibinin have been studied in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease, sepsis, burns, osteoporosis, diabetes, cholestasis and hypercholesterolemia. Owing to its apoptotic effect, without cytotoxic effects, silymarin possesses potential applications in the treatment of various cancers. Silymarin is being examined as a neuro-, nephro- and cardio-protective in the damage of different etiologies due to its strong antioxidant potentials. Furthermore, it has fetoprotective (against the influence of alcohol) and prolactin effects and is safe to be used during pregnancy and lactation. Finally, the cosmetics industry is examining the antioxidant and UV-protective effects of silymarin. Further clinical studies and scientific evidence that silymarin and silibinin are effective in the therapy of various pathologies are indispensable in order to confirm their different flavonolignan pharmacological effects.
Clinical study of sertaconazole 2% cream vs. hydrocortisone 1% cream in the treatment of seborrheic dermatitis.; Seborrheic dermatitis (SD) is an inflammatory skin disorder affecting the scalp, face, and trunk, however, there are controversies surrounding its treatment. The aim of the study is to compare the efficacy of sertaconazole 2% cream with hydrocortisone 1% cream in the treatment of seborrheic dermatitis. In total, 138 patients suffering from seborrheic dermatitis were studied. Sixty-nine patients received local sertoconazole 2% cream and they were recommended to use the cream twice a day and for 4 weeks. To create a control group, 69 patients received hydrocortisone 1% cream twice a day for four weeks. At the time of referral, and at 2 and 4 weeks after their first visit, the patients were examined by a dermatologist to check the improvement of clinical symptoms. The mean age of patients was 36.45 +/- 13.23. The highest level of satisfaction (85.1%) was observed 28 days after sertaconazole consumption: 76.9% was recorded for the hydrocortisone group. No relapse of the disease one month after stopping treatment was observed in either the sertaconazole 2% group or the hydrocortisone 1% group. Sertaconazole 2% cream may be an excellent alternative therapeutic modality for treating seborrheic dermatitis.
Safety of a dual potential prebiotic system from Mexican agave "Metlin R and Metlos R", incorporated to an infant formula for term newborn babies: a randomized controlled trial.; RATIONALE: Infant formulae are being supplemented with probiotics, prebiotics, or symbiotic despite uncertainties regarding their efficacy. Mexican agave is an interesting source of fructans with particular features and with potential prebiotic effects., MATERIAL AND METHODS: RCT in 600 healthy term babies (20 +/- 7 days), allocated to receive standard infant formula (control) or infant formula added with a dual prebiotic system "Metlin R and Metlos R", from Mexican agave. Primary outcomes include stools frequency, stools consistency, gastrointestinal intolerance (frequency of abdominal distension, flatulency, regurgitations, vomiting). Secondary outcomes include changes on weight and height along the study and frequency of dermatologic problems (eczema)., RESULTS: In 66,120 days of total follow-up, there were no differences on the frequency of stools passage (Human Milk: 3.8 +/- 2.4 evacuations per day; Pro + Metlin + Metlos 3.6 +/- 2.0; Pro + Metlin 3.6 +/- 2; only Pro 3.4 +/- 2.3 only formula 3.4 +/- 2.0; p NS). Consistency of stools was similar between human milk and prebiotics supplemented groups. Also the frequency of gastrointestinal symptoms was significantly low between these groups., CONCLUSIONS: Fructans derivate from agave and added to infant formula are safe and well tolerated by Mexican healthy term babies.
Effects of milk supplementation with conjugated linoleic acid on weight control and body composition in healthy overweight people.; INTRODUCTION: Conjugated linoleic acids (CLAs) have shown beneficial effects in weight control therapy however this relation is not clear., OBJETIVE: The aim of the study was to examine the effects and safety of 3g of a 1:1 mix of c9-t11 and t10-c12 on weight control and body composition in healthy overweight individuals., METHODS: A prospective, placebo-controlled, randomised double-blind, parallel clinical trial lasting 24 weeks was carried out in 38 volunteers (29w, 9m) aged 30-55 years and BMI >=27-<30 kg/m2 who consumed 200 ml/day of skimmed milk with 3g of CLAs or 3g olive oil (placebo). Anthropometric, biochemical and dual x-ray absorptiometry (DXA) tests were measured. Diet and physical activity were assessed., RESULTS: Subjects maintained their habitual dietary and exercise patterns over the study. Only CLA group showed a significant decrease in weight (74.43 +/- 10.45 vs 73.54 +/- 11.66 kg, p = 0.029) and waist circumference (91.45 +/- 10.33 vs 90.65 +/- 9.84 cm, p = 0.012) between baseline and end of the study. BMI and waist height ratio decreased (28.44 +/- 1.08 vs 27.81 +/- 1.43 kg/m2, p = 0.030 and 0.57 +/- 0.05 vs 0.56 +/- 0.04 p = 0.013 respectively) in CLA group at the end. CLA group experienced a reduction in total fat mass after 24 weeks (38.62 +/- 5.02 vs 36.65 +/- 5.64%, p = 0.035). No decrease was observed in Control group. HOMA index had no changes., CONCLUSIONS: The consumption of skimmed milk enriched with 3g of a 1:1 mixture of c9-t11 and t10-c12 for 24 weeks led to a decrease in body weight and total fat mass in healthy, overweight subjects who maintained habitual diets and exercise patterns. No adverse effects were observed. Registered under ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier No. NCT01503047. Copyright AULA MEDICA EDICIONES 2013. Published by AULA MEDICA. All rights reserved.
Effect of alpha linolenic acid supplementation on serum prostate specific antigen (PSA): results from the alpha omega trial.; BACKGROUND: Alpha linolenic acid (ALA) is the major omega-3 fatty acid in the diet. Evidence on health effects of ALA is not conclusive, but some observational studies found an increased risk of prostate cancer with higher intake of ALA. We examined the effect of ALA supplementation on serum concentrations of prostate-specific antigen (PSA), a biomarker for prostate cancer., METHODS: The Alpha Omega Trial (ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT00127452) was a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of ALA and the fish fatty acids eicosapentanoic acid (EPA) and docosahexanoic acid (DHA) on the recurrence of cardiovascular disease, using a 2x2 factorial design. Blood was collected at the start and the end of the intervention period. The present analysis included 1622 patients with a history of a myocardial infarction, aged 60-80 years with an initial PSA concentration <4 ng/mL. They received either 2 g per day of ALA or placebo in margarine spreads for 40 months. T-tests and logistic regression were used to assess the effects of ALA supplementation on changes in serum PSA (both continuously and as a dichotomous outcome, cut-off point: >4 ng/mL)., FINDINGS: Mean serum PSA increased by 0.42 ng/mL on placebo (n = 815) and by 0.52 ng/mL on ALA (n = 807), a difference of 0.10 (95% confidence interval: -0.02 to 0.22) ng/mL (P = 0.12). The odds ratio for PSA rising above 4 ng/mL on ALA versus placebo was 1.15 (95% CI: 0.84-1.58)., INTERPRETATION: An additional amount of 2 g of ALA per day increased PSA by 0.10 ng/mL, but the confidence interval ranged from -0.02 to 0.22 ng/mL and included no effect. Therefore, more studies are needed to establish whether or not ALA intake has a clinically significant effect on PSA or prostate cancer., TRIAL REGISTRATION INFORMATION: ClinicalTrials.gov; Identifier: NCT00127452. URL: http://www.clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT00127452.
Comparison of efficiency of photodynamic diagnostics with topical use of the 3% and 15% aminolevulinic acid in the detection of vulvar lesions.; UNLABELLED: The essence of the photodynamic diagnostic method is interaction between light and chemical compounds that form in reaction to light. In order to obtain fluorescence, tissue has to be exposed to energy in the form of light with the wavelength corresponding to the bandwidth of the photosensitizer absorption. The photodynamic method allows for the detection of even small lesions. This method facilitates the process of detecting vulvar cancer, especially in its early stages when it can develop on the foundation of overgrown epithelium. At that point the vulvoscopic image is difficult to interpret, in particular when multifocal growth occurs., OBJECTIVES: The objective of the study was evaluating the efficiency of the photodynamic method PDD (photodynamic diagnosis) in the detection of vulvar lesions when two concentrations of the photosensitizer were used (3%- and 15%-aminolevulinic acid), as well as evaluating the efficiency of this method when compared to the efficiency of vulvoscopy, against the result of histological examination., METHODS: Two concentrations of the 5-ALA cream (aminolevulinic acid) - 3% and 15% - were used in the PDD testing. The study group was divided into two subgroups A and B. In subgroup A the 15% eucerine-based cream was used. In subgroup B the 3% ALA gel with and addition of 2% DSMO was used. The photosensitizer was applied to the vulva 4-6h before the examination. In order to obtain fluorescence, energy in the form of light whose wavelength was approximately 405 nm, and whose source was a SLED diode, was transmitted to vulvar tissue. The positive result of the exam was obtaining tissue fluorescence. All patients underwent vulvoscopy and a histological examination of tissue samples was performed in all cases. The efficiency of the photodynamic testing in subgroups A and B was compared with the efficiency of vulvoscopy, against the result of histological examination. Sensitivity, specificity, as well as positive and negative predictive values of the PDD examination and vulvoscopy in both subgroups, were evaluated., RESULTS: When the 15% ALA was used in detecting vulvar lesions, the photodynamic diagnostics was characterized by sensitivity of 100%, specificity of 92%, positive predictive value of 80%, negative predictive value of 100%, and correlation with the histopathological examination of 93.9%. When the 3% ALA was used, we observed: sensitivity of 100%, specificity of 91.4%, positive predictive value of 78.5%, negative predictive value of 100%, and correlation with the histopathological examination of 93.4%. Differences in the two subgroups were not statistically significant., CONCLUSIONS: High correlation was observed between the accuracy of the photodynamic method of examining vulvar lesions and the accuracy of the histological examination, especially in cases of precancerous lesions and vulvar cancer. The photodynamic examination, when the 3%-ALA/2%DSMO is used, is characterized by a greater sensitivity, comparable specificity, as well as, comparable positive and negative prognostic values, in comparison to the vulvoscopic examination. The photodynamic method, when used with other diagnostic methods, facilitates performing the needle aspiration biopsy and allows for a greater precision of histological diagnoses. The pathological fluorescence obtained during the PDD examination gives information about the spread and multifocality of vulvar lesions, which can facilitate making presurgical decisions concerning the extensiveness of surgery. The photodynamic method, when the 3% ALA/2% DSMO is applied topically, is of comparable efficiency as the 15% ALA, in the detection of vulvar lesions. High safety of the photodynamic method was shown, both in terms of the topical application of the aminolevulinic acid and the subsequent use of light. Copyright © 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The efficacy and safety of a proposed herbal moisturising cream for dry skin and itch relief: a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial--study protocol.; BACKGROUND: Moisturisers prevent and treat dry skin. They can also protect sensitive skin, improve skin tone and texture, and mask imperfections. Herbal medicines or their extracts have been available as topical formulations and cosmetics. Arctium lappa L. (Asteraceae) has been used to treat inflammatory disorders and various skin problems. It could be a candidate herbal medicine for treating dry skin condition. This study aims to establish the efficacy and safety of a proposed herbal moisturising cream containing Arctium lappa L. seed extract, which has been approved by the Korean Ministry of Food and Drug Safety for use in cosmetics., METHODS/DESIGNS: This study is a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled study with two parallel groups (proposed herbal moisturising cream vs. placebo cream). We will recruit 66 healthy male and female participants, aged 20 to 65 years, who have been diagnosed with dry skin conditions. Participants will be randomly allocated to receive either the proposed herbal moisturising cream or a placebo cream for four weeks. Each participant will be examined for signs and symptoms before and after using the cream. Skin hydration, sebum (oily secretion) levels and transepidermal water loss (TEWL; constitutive loss of water from the skin surface) will be assessed. Participants will also be asked to fill out a health-related quality of life questionnaire. Safety will be assessed using blood tests, urine analysis, a pregnancy test, and the assessment of vital signs., DISCUSSION: This trial will utilise high-quality methodologies in accordance with both consolidated standards for reporting trials guidelines and the guidelines for clinical trials of cosmetics products that are aimed at expressions and advertisement approval in Korea. It will evaluate the clinical efficacy and safety of a proposed herbal moisturising cream containing Arctium lappa L. seed extract to treat dry skin conditions and provide itch relief. Moreover, we will also employ health-related quality of life questionnaires to assess changes in the quality of life. The results of this study will be used to present the evidence needed to request advertising/display allowances, in compliance with the recently amended Cosmetics Act for advertisement in Korea., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN46216631.
An acute intake of a walnut-enriched meal improves postprandial adiponectin response in healthy young adults.; A deficit in adiponectin plays an important causal role in insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome. We hypothesized that as seen during the fasting state, the intake of a walnut-enriched meal increased postprandial adiponectin. Twenty-one healthy white men followed a 4-week baseline diet and then consumed 3 fat-loaded meals that included 1 g fat/kg body weight (65% fat) according to a randomized crossover design: olive oil-enriched meal (22% saturated fatty acids [SFA], 38% monounsaturated fatty acids [MUFA], 4% polyunsaturated fatty acids [PUFA]), butter-enriched meal (35% SFA, 22% MUFA, 4% PUFA), and walnut-enriched meal (20% SFA, 24% MUFA, 16% PUFA, and 4% alpha-linolenic acid). Leptin, resistin, adiponectin, and free fatty acids were determined at 0, 3, 6, and 8.5 hours after the fat load. After the walnut-enriched meal, plasma adiponectin concentrations were higher at 3 and 6 hours (P = .011, P = .046, respectively) compared with the butter-enriched meal and higher at 6 hours compared with the olive oil-enriched meal (P = .036). Free fatty acid levels decreased from baseline at 3 hours after the walnut-enriched meal (P = .001). No differences were observed between the 3 meals for leptin and resistin responses. Our data confirmed a beneficial profile in the postprandial response to walnuts, source of omega-3 PUFA with an increased postprandial adiponectin and lower postprandial free fatty acid responses. These findings suggest that the postprandial state is important for understanding the possible cardioprotective effects associated with omega-3 PUFA dietary fat. Copyright © 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Imiquimod 2.5% and 3.75% for the treatment of actinic keratoses: two phase 3 multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies.; BACKGROUND: Imiquimod 3.75% and 2.5% creams were studied for the treatment of actinic keratosis (AK) of the full face or balding scalp, to determine comparable efficacy and tolerability to imiquimod 5% cream., METHODS: In two identical multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo controlled studies. Adult subjects with 5 to 20 visible lesions, or palpable AKs in an area that exceeded 25 cm2 on either the face or balding scalp were randomized to imiquimod 3.75%, 2.5% or vehicle cream (1:1:1) applied once daily for two 2-week treatment cycles, with a 2-week, no-treatment interval between cycles. Efficacy was assessed 8 weeks posttreatment (End of Study Visit [EOS]). Primary efficacy was rate of complete clearance of AK lesions. Secondary efficacy endpoints were rate of partial clearance at EOS (>= 75% reduction in number of AK lesions compared to baseline) and median percent decrease from baseline lesion count. Safety assessments included visual assessment of local skin reactions (LSRs), number and duration of study treatment rest periods required due to intolerant LSRs, adverse events (AEs) and clinical laboratory tests., RESULTS: Overall 479 patients were randomized to imiquimod 3.75%, 2.5%, or vehicle. Complete clearance rates were 35.6%, 30.6%, and 6.3% respectively (both P<.001 versus vehicle). The difference in complete clearance rates (imiquimod minus vehicle) was 29.3% and 24.3%, respectively. Partial clearance rates were 59.4%, 48.1%, and 22.6% respectively (both P<.001 versus vehicle). Median % reductions in AK lesions were 81.8%, 71.8%, and 25.0% respectively (-<.001 versus vehicle). All primary and secondary efficacy endpoints were greater in Study 1. Photodamage in the treatment area was 'much improved' with imiquimod 3.75%. Both active creams were well tolerated with few treatment-related discontinuations., CONCLUSIONS: In two well-controlled Phase 3 studies, both imiquimod 3.75% and 2.5% creams were more effective than vehicle and well tolerated when administered daily as a 2-week on/off/on regimen to treat AK. Reduction in AK lesions was comparable to that reported with imiquimod 5% with fewer local AEs.
Selenized milk casein in the diet of BALB/c nude mice reduces growth of intramammary MCF-7 tumors.; BACKGROUND: Dietary selenium has the potential to reduce growth of mammary tumors. Increasing the Se content of cows' milk proteins is a potentially effective means to increase Se intake in humans. We investigate the effects of selenized milk protein on human mammary tumor progression in immunodeficient BALB/c nude mice., METHODS: Four isonitrogenous diets with selenium levels of 0.16, 0.51, 0.85 and 1.15 ppm were formulated by mixing low- and high-selenium milk casein isolates with a rodent premix. MCF-7 cells were inoculated into the mammary fat pad of female BALB/c nude mice implanted with slow-release 17 beta-estradiol pellets. Mice with palpable tumors were randomly assigned to one of the four diets for 10 weeks, during which time weekly tumor caliper measurements were conducted. Individual growth curves were fit with the Gompertz equation. Apoptotic cells and Bcl-2, Bax, and Cyclin D1 protein levels in tumors were determined., RESULTS: There was a linear decrease in mean tumor volume at 70 days with increasing Se intake (P < 0.05), where final tumor volume decreased 35% between 0.16 and 1.15 ppm Se. There was a linear decrease in mean predicted tumor volume at 56, 63 and 70 days, and the number of tumors with a final volume above 500 mm3, with increasing Se intake (P < 0.05). This tumor volume effect was associated with a decrease in the proportion of tumors with a maximum growth rate above 0.03 day-1. The predicted maximum volume of tumors (Vmax) and the number of tumors with a large Vmax, were not affected by Se-casein. Final tumor mass, Bcl-2, Bax, and Cyclin D1 protein levels in tumors were not significantly affected by Se-casein. There was a significantly higher number of apoptotic cells in high-Se tumors as compared to low-Se tumors., CONCLUSIONS: Taken together, these results suggest that turnover of cells in the tumor, but not its nutrient supply, were affected by dairy Se. We have shown that 1.1 ppm dietary Se from selenized casein can effectively reduce tumor progression in an MCF-7 xenograft breast cancer model. These results show promise for selenized milk protein as an effective supplement during chemotherapy.
Relative ability of fat and sugar tastes to activate reward, gustatory, and somatosensory regions.; BACKGROUND: Although the intake of high-fat and high-sugar food activates mesolimbic reward, gustatory, and oral somatosensory brain regions, contributing to overeating, few studies have examined the relative role of fat and sugar in the activation of these brain regions, which would inform policy, prevention, and treatment interventions designed to reduce obesity., OBJECTIVE: We evaluated the effect of a high-fat or high-sugar equicaloric chocolate milkshake and increasing fat or sugar milkshake content on the activation of these regions., DESIGN: Functional magnetic resonance imaging was used to assess the neural response to the intake of high-fat/high-sugar, high-fat/low-sugar, low-fat/high-sugar, and low-fat/low-sugar chocolate milkshakes and a tasteless solution in 106 lean adolescents (mean +/- SD age = 15.00 +/- 0.88 y). Analyses contrasted the activation to the various milkshakes., RESULTS: High-fat compared with high-sugar equicaloric milkshakes caused greater activation in the bilateral caudate, postcentral gyrus, hippocampus, and inferior frontal gyrus. High-sugar compared with high-fat equicaloric milkshakes caused greater activation in the bilateral insula extending into the putamen, the Rolandic operculum, and thalamus, which produced large activation regions. Increasing sugar in low-fat milkshakes caused greater activation in the bilateral insula and Rolandic operculum; increasing fat content did not elicit greater activation in any region., CONCLUSIONS: Fat caused greater activation of the caudate and oral somatosensory regions than did sugar, sugar caused greater activation in the putamen and gustatory regions than did fat, increasing sugar caused greater activity in gustatory regions, and increasing fat did not affect the activation. Results imply that sugar more effectively recruits reward and gustatory regions, suggesting that policy, prevention, and treatment interventions should prioritize reductions in sugar intake. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as DK092468.
Hypocaloric diet supplemented with probiotic cheese improves body mass index and blood pressure indices of obese hypertensive patients--a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled pilot study.; BACKGROUND: Gut lactobacilli can affect the metabolic functions of healthy humans. We tested whether a 1500 kcal/d diet supplemented with cheese containing the probiotic Lactobacillus plantarum TENSIA (Deutsche Sammlung fur Mikroorganismen, DSM 21380) could reduce some symptoms of metabolic syndrome in Russian adults with obesity and hypertension., METHODS: In this 3-week, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel pilot study, 25 subjects ingested probiotic cheese and 15 ingested control cheese. Fifty grams of each cheese provided 175 kcal of energy. Blood pressure (BP), anthropometric characteristics, markers of liver and kidney function, metabolic indices (plasma glucose, lipids, and cholesterol), and urine polyamines were measured. Counts of fecal lactobacilli and L. plantarum TENSIA were evaluated using molecular methods. The data were analyzed by t-test for independent samples and Spearman's partial correlation analysis., RESULTS: The probiotic L. plantarum TENSIA was present in variable amounts (529.6 +/- 232.5 gene copies) in 16/25 (64%) study subjects. Body mass index (BMI) was significantly reduced (p = 0.031) in the probiotic cheese group versus the control cheese group. The changes in BMI were closely associated with the water content of the body (r = 0.570, p = 0.0007) when adjusted for sex and age. Higher values of intestinal lactobacilli after probiotic cheese consumption were associated with higher BMI (r = 0.383, p = 0.0305) and urinary putrescine content (r = 0.475, p = 0.006). In patients simultaneously treated with BP-lowering drugs, similar reductions of BP were observed in both groups. A positive association was detected between TENSIA colonization and the extent of change of morning diastolic BP (r = 0.617, p = 0.0248) and a trend toward lower values of morning systolic BP (r = -0.527, p = 0.0640) at the end of the study after adjusting for BMI, age, and sex., CONCLUSION: In a pilot study of obese hypertensive patients, a hypocaloric diet supplemented with a probiotic cheese helps to reduce BMI and arterial BP values, recognized symptoms of metabolic syndrome.
Topical use of recombinant human epidermal growth factor (EGF)-based cream to prevent radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients: a single-blind randomized preliminary study.; BACKGROUND: The purpose of this study was to assess the effectiveness of a recombinant human epidermal growth factor (EGF)-based cream for the prevention of acute radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients receiving radiotherapy (RT)., MATERIALS AND METHODS: Between December 2012 and April 2013, 40 breast cancer patients who received postoperative RT were prospectively enrolled in this study and randomly assigned to receive human recombinant EGF-based cream (intervention group) or general supportive skin care (control group). The grade of radiation dermatitis and pain score were examined at weekly intervals during RT and 6 weeks after RT completion., RESULTS: All patients completed the planned RT and complied well with instructions for applying the study cream and general supportive skin care. In the intervention group, radiation dermatitis of maximum grade 3, 2, and 1 developed in 3 (15%), 11 (55%), and 6 patients (30%), respectively. In comparison, in the control group, radiation dermatitis of maximum grade 3, 2, and 1 developed in 8 (40%), 10 (50%), and 2 patients (10%), respectively. The intervention group showed lower incidence of grade 3 radiation dermatitis than the control group (p=0.068 in univariate analysis and p=0.035 in multivariate analysis). There was no statistically significant difference in the maximal pain score between the two groups (p=0.934)., CONCLUSIONS: This single-blind randomized preliminary study showed that recombinant human EGF-based cream can have a beneficial role in preventing or minimizing radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients. To confirm the results of our study, additional studies with a large sample size are required.
Randomized trial to assess the impact of venlafaxine and soy protein on hot flashes and quality of life in men with prostate cancer.; PURPOSE: Hot flashes occur in approximately 80% of androgen-deprived men. Few intervention studies have been conducted to relieve hot flashes in men., PATIENTS AND METHODS: Eligible androgen-deprived men were randomly assigned to one of four daily regimens (2 x 2 factorial design) for 12 weeks: milk protein powder and placebo pill, venlafaxine and milk protein powder, soy protein powder and placebo pill, or venlafaxine and soy protein powder. The primary end point was hot flash symptom severity score (HFSSS), defined as number of hot flashes times severity. The secondary end point was quality of life (QoL), assessed by using the Functional Assessment of Cancer Therapy-Prostate., RESULTS: In all, 120 men age 46 to 91 years participated. Most were white (78%) and overweight or obese (83%). Toxicity was minimal. Neither venlafaxine nor soy protein alone or in combination had a significant effect on HFSSS. Soy protein, but not venlafaxine, improved measures of QoL., CONCLUSION: In androgen-deprived men, neither venlafaxine nor soy proved effective in reducing hot flashes. Interventions that appear effective for decreasing hot flashes in women may not always turn out to be effective in men.
Effects of green-leafy vegetable intake on postprandial glycemic and lipidemic responses and alpha-tocopherol concentration in normal weight and obese men.; Vegetable consumption has been encouraged as a component of nutritional education for obese and insulin-resistant patients. However, the benefits of vegetable intake in a therapeutic diet on postprandial glycemic and lipidemic responses have not been clarified. We studied the effects of the intake of spinach, a green-leafy vegetable rich in dietary fiber and alpha-tocopherol, with a fat-rich meal on postprandial glycemic and lipidemic changes. Fourteen normal weight and 10 obese men consumed three test meals of bread, as a control, bread and butter, and bread and butter with boiled spinach. Blood samples were obtained prior to and 30, 60, 120, 180 and 240 min after consuming the test meals. Compared with the bread meal, consumption of the bread and butter meal showed a reduced peak glucose response at 30 min in normal (p<0.05) but not in obese subjects. The increase in triglyceride and decrease in LDL-cholesterol were greater after the butter-containing meal than after the bread meal (p<0.05). The alpha-tocopherol/lipid level decreased and remained low after the bread and butter meal, but the decrease was smaller with the spinach-containing meal in obese subjects (p<0.05). These results suggest that green-leafy vegetable intake with a fat-rich meal is effective for supplying postprandial alpha-tocopherol in obese subjects, but consumption of a regular-sized dish cannot be expected to improve abnormal postprandial hyperglycemic or hyperlipidemic responses.
Association of dietary patterns with insulin resistance and clinically silent carotid atherosclerosis in apparently healthy people.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Dietary habits are important determinants of individual cardiovascular and metabolic risk. This study investigated the association between dietary patterns and asymptomatic carotid atherosclerosis, defined as the presence of plaques and/or increased intima-media thickness, and metabolic biomarkers of insulin resistance, including the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and the trygliceride/high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol (Tg/HDL) ratio in a cohort of adults without known diabetes or atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease., SUBJECTS/METHODS: Nine hundred and twenty-nine randomly selected participants were cross-sectionally investigated. Each participant answered a food frequency questionnaire, and underwent high-resolution ultrasonographic evaluation of both carotid arteries. Laboratory blood measurements were obtained in a subsample of 507 participants., RESULTS: A dietary pattern that could be defined as unhealthy (high consumption of soft drinks, fried foods, seed oils, cured meats, butter, red meat and sweets) was identified in 21% of the cohort, whereas 34% of the cohort exhibited a dietary pattern that resembled the Mediterranean diet (high intakes of fruit, milk and cheese, olive oil, vegetables, pasta and bread). Intermediate habits characterized the remaining 45%. After adjusting for age, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) and hypertension on treatment, the Mediterranean dietary pattern was associated with significantly lower HOMA-IR (beta-coefficient=-0.51; P=0.003). After adjusting for gender, BMI and HbA1c, the unhealthy dietary pattern was associated with a significantly higher Tg/HDL-cholesterol ratio (beta-coefficient=0.43; P=0.006). No significant association was found between dietary patterns and carotid atherosclerosis., CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that, independent of measures of adiposity, a Mediterranean dietary pattern is associated with lower insulin resistance.
Lactobacillus acidophilus La5, Bifidobacterium BB12, and Lactobacillus casei DN001 modulate gene expression of subset specific transcription factors and cytokines in peripheral blood mononuclear cells of obese and overweight people.; Probiotics are believed to have interaction with immune cells through sustained effects on gene expression of different cytokines and transcription factors. The present randomized doubled-blind controlled clinical trial was performed recruiting 75 individuals with BMI 25-35, who were randomly assigned to the following three groups: Group 1 (n = 25) who consumed regular yogurt as part of a low calorie diet [RLCD], group 2 (n = 25) who received probiotic yogurt with a LCD [PLCD] and group 3 (n = 25) who consumed probiotic yogurt without LCD [PWLCD] for 8 week. Participants in PLCD and PWLCD groups received 200 g/day yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5, Bifidobacterium Bb12, and lactobacillus casei DN001 10(8) cfu/gr. The expression of the FOXP3, T-bet, GATA3, TNF-alpha, IFN-gamma, TGF-beta, and ROR-gammat in PBMCs genes were assessed, before and after intervention. In three groups, ROR-gammat expression was reduced (P = 0.007) and FOXP3 was increased (P < 0.001). The expression of TNFalpha, TGFbeta, and GATA3 genes did not change among all groups after intervention. Interestingly, the expression of T-bet gene, which was significantly decreased in PLCD and PWLCD groups (P < 0.001), whereas gene expression of IFN-gamma decreased in all three groups. Our results suggest that weight loss diet and probiotic yogurt had synergistic effects on T-cell subset specific gene expression in peripheral blood mononuclear cells among overweight and obese individuals. Copyright © 2013 International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology.
A six-month randomized controlled trial of whole soy and isoflavones daidzein on body composition in equol-producing postmenopausal women with prehypertension.; OBJECTIVES: This paper reported the effects of commonly used whole soy foods (soy flour) and purified daidzein (one of the major isoflavones and the precursor of equol) on changes in anthropometric measurements and body composition in a 6-month double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial among prehypertensive postmenopausal women who are also equol producers., METHODS: 270 eligible women were randomized to either one of the three treatments: 40 g soy flour (whole soy group), 40 g low-fat milk powder + 63 mg daidzein (daidzein group), or 40 g low-fat milk powder (placebo group) daily each for 6 months. Anthropometric indicators and body composition were measured before and after intervention., RESULTS: 253 subjects completed the study with good compliance. Urinary isoflavones levels suggested good compliance of subjects with supplementation. Whole soy and purified daidzein had no significant effect on body weight, body mass index (BMI), waist and hip circumferences, waist to hip ratio (WHR), body fat percentage, fat mass, and free fat mass., CONCLUSION: Six-month consumption of whole soy and purified daidzein at provided dosage had no improvement on body weight and composition compared with isocaloric milk placebo among prehypertensive equol-producing postmenopausal women. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01270737.
Dietary fat in relation to erythrocyte fatty acid composition in men.; Erythrocyte membrane fatty acid (EMFA) composition is used in the validation of food frequency questionnaires (FFQ) and the evaluation of dietary fat quality. In this cross-sectional study we aimed to investigate associations of diet with EMFA. Altogether, 1,033 randomly selected Finnish men, aged from 47 to 75 years filled in a FFQ and their EMFA composition was analyzed. Marine polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) intake correlated positively with erythrocyte eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids (r(s) = 0.415 and r(s) = 0.340, respectively, P < 0.001) and inversely with all n-6 PUFA analyzed (P < 0.001). PUFA intake from spreads and cooking fats correlated positively with alpha-linolenic (ALA), linoleic (LNA) and nervonic acids (r(s) = 0.229, r(s) = 0.160 and r(s) = 0.143, respectively, P < 0.001). Milk fat intake was associated with myristic and behenic acids (r(s) = 0.186 and r(s) = 0.132, respectively P < 0.001). Butter users had lower ALA and LNA proportions (mol%) than non-users (0.16 +/- 0.04 vs. 0.19 +/- 0.05, P < 0.001 and 7.77 +/- 1.02 vs. 8.12 +/- 1.11, P = 0.001). Higher PUFA intake from meat was related to decreased long-chain n-3 (P < 0.001) and increased n-6 PUFA (P < 0.001) proportions. In conclusion, EMFA composition reflects particularly well the intakes of n-3 PUFA, whereas other associations remained lower. Yet, all main sources of dietary fat were related with EMFA. The dietary effect on the nervonic acid proportion was confirmed.
Low-fat milk ingestion prevents postprandial hyperglycemia-mediated impairments in vascular endothelial function in obese individuals with metabolic syndrome.; Greater intakes of low-fat dairy foods are associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular disease. The objective of this study was to examine whether acute low-fat milk ingestion would limit postprandial impairments in vascular endothelial function by limiting oxidative stress responses that decrease nitric oxide (NO) bioavailability. A randomized, double-blind, cross-over study was conducted in adults with metabolic syndrome (MetS) who ingested low-fat milk (475 mL) or an isocaloric volume of rice milk after an overnight fast. Brachial artery flow-mediated dilation (FMD), plasma glucose, malondialdehyde (MDA), arginine (ARG), and asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) were assessed at 30-min intervals during the 3-h postprandial period. Participants ' (n = 19) postprandial FMD responses were unaffected by low-fat milk but transiently decreased (P < 0.01) from 6.2 +/- 0.8% (mean +/- SEM) at baseline to 3.3 +/- 0.7% at 30 min and 3.9 +/- 0.6% at 60 min following rice milk consumption. Glucose and MDA increased to a greater extent in the rice milk trial (P < 0.001). The MDA area under the 3 h postprandial curve (AUC0-3 h) was correlated with glucose AUC0-3 h (r = 0.75; P < 0.01) and inversely related to FMD AUC0-3 h (r = -0.59; P < 0.01). ARG decreased following rice milk and increased with low-fat milk, whereas only rice milk increased ADMA:ARG. The ADMA:ARG AUC0-3 h was correlated with MDA AUC0-3 h (r = 0.55) and was inversely related to FMD AUC0-3 h (r = -0.52) (P < 0.05). These findings suggest that low-fat milk maintains vascular endothelial function in individuals with MetS by limiting postprandial hyperglycemia that otherwise increases lipid peroxidation and reduces NO bioavailability. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01411293.
Butterfly Girls; promoting healthy diet and physical activity to young African American girls online: rationale and design.; BACKGROUND: Young African American girls have a high risk of obesity. Online behavior change programs promoting healthy diet and physical activity are convenient and may be effective for reducing disparities related to obesity. This report presents the protocol guiding the design and evaluation of a culturally and developmental appropriate online obesity prevention program for young African American girls., METHODS/DESIGN: The Butterfly Girls and the Quest for Founder's Rock is an 8-episode online program delivered as an animated, interactive comic. The program promotes healthy diet and physical activity and is specifically designed for 8-10 year old African American girls. Girls, parents, and community representatives provided formative feedback on cultural relevance and developmental appropriateness. A three-group (treatment, comparison, wait-list control) randomized design (n=390 parent/child dyads) is employed, with child as the unit of assignment. Change in body mass index is the primary outcome; change in fruit and vegetable consumption, water, and physical activity are secondary outcomes. Data collection occurs at baseline, approximately 3 months after baseline (i.e., completion of the online program), and approximately three months later (i.e., maintenance assessment). Two dietary recalls are collected at each data collection period by trained interviewers using the Nutrient Data System for Research (NDSR 2012) system. Physical activity is objectively measured by seven days of accelerometry. Psychosocial and process data are also collected. Girls in the treatment and comparison groups will be interviewed at post 1 to obtain information on personal reactions to the program., DISCUSSION: This research will develop and evaluate the efficacy of an online program for reducing obesity risk among girls at risk of obesity and related diseases. Online programs offer the potential for wide dissemination, thus reducing disparities related to obesity., TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT01481948.
The influence of consuming an egg or an egg-yolk buttermilk drink for 12 wk on serum lipids, inflammation, and liver function markers in human volunteers.; OBJECTIVES: Dietary cholesterol elevates serum total cholesterol (TC) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) concentrations modestly. There are indications that the cholesterol-raising effect depends on the food matrix, that is, sphingolipids and lactic acid bacteria are suggested to influence cholesterol metabolism. Traditional buttermilk is rich in both sphingolipids and lactic acid bacteria. Therefore, the aim of this study was to evaluate whether effects on cholesterol metabolism depend on food matrix (e.g., cholesterol provided as egg [yolk] or incorporated into traditionally prepared buttermilk drink)., METHODS: Participants (N = 97) took part in a 12-wk intervention study. The controls (n = 20) continued their regular egg consumption of one to two eggs a week. The other two groups consumed either one extra egg per day (n = 57) or a buttermilk drink containing one egg yolk (n = 20). Blood was sampled at day 1 and at the end of the experimental period (day 90) to analyze serum lipids, lipoproteins, and markers reflecting cholesterol metabolism, low-grade systemic inflammation, endothelial activity, and liver function., RESULTS: Serum TC and LDL-C concentrations increased significantly by respectively 0.63 mmol/L (P < 0.05) and 0.59 mmol/L (P < 0.05) in women consuming one additional egg per day compared with controls. There were no effects on markers for inflammation, endothelial activity, or liver function. The increase in serum TC and LDL-C concentration was no longer significant in women consuming the same egg yolk incorporated in a buttermilk drink (0.33 mmol/L [P = 0.66] and 0.31 mmol/L [P = 0.55], respectively)., CONCLUSION: Daily egg consumption for 12 wk increases serum TC and LDL-C concentrations in women but not markers for inflammation, endothelial activity, and liver function. Interestingly, the rise in serum LDL-C concentrations is less pronounced when egg yolk is incorporated into a buttermilk drink, indeed suggesting that fractions in the buttermilk might influence dietary cholesterol absorption. Copyright © 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of low-fat dairy intake on blood pressure, endothelial function, and lipoprotein lipids in subjects with prehypertension or stage 1 hypertension.; OBJECTIVE: This randomized crossover trial assessed the effects of 5 weeks of consuming low-fat dairy (one serving/day each of 1% fluid milk, low-fat cheese, and low-fat yogurt) versus nondairy products (one serving/day each of apple juice, pretzels, and cereal bar) on systolic and diastolic blood pressures (SBP and DBP), vascular function (reactive hyperemia index [RHI] and augmentation index), and plasma lipids., METHODS: Patients were 62 men and women (mean age 54.5 years, body mass index 29.2 kg/m(2)) with prehypertension or stage 1 hypertension (mean resting SBP/DBP 129.8 mmHg/80.8 mmHg) while not receiving antihypertensive medications. A standard breakfast meal challenge including two servings of study products was administered at the end of each treatment period., RESULTS: Dairy and nondairy treatments did not produce significantly different mean SBP or DBP in the resting postprandial state or from premeal to 3.5 hours postmeal (SBP, 126.3 mmHg versus 124.9 mmHg; DBP, 76.5 mmHg versus 75.7 mmHg), premeal (2.35 versus 2.20) or 2 hours postmeal (2.33 versus 2.30) RHI, and premeal (22.5 versus 23.8) or 2 hours postmeal (12.4 versus 13.2) augmentation index. Among subjects with endothelial dysfunction (RHI <= 1.67; n = 14) during the control treatment, premeal RHI was significantly higher in the dairy versus nondairy condition (2.32 versus 1.50, P = 0.002). Fasting lipoprotein lipid values were not significantly different between treatments overall, or in subgroup analyses., CONCLUSION: No significant effects of consuming low-fat dairy products, compared with low-fat nondairy products, were observed for blood pressures, measures of vascular function, or lipid variables in the overall sample, but results from subgroup analyses were consistent with the hypothesis that dairy foods might improve RHI in those with endothelial dysfunction.
Regular consumption of both vitamin D- and calcium- and vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink is equally accompanied by lowered blood lipoprotein (a) and elevated apoprotein A1 in subjects with type 2 diabetes: a randomized clinical trial.; OBJECTIVE: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the major morbidity and cause of death in diabetic subjects. Observational studies have shown the association of low vitamin D status with poor glycemic control, atherogenic lipid profile, and CVD. However, the possible link between circulating 25-hydroxycholecalciferol and apoproteins (Apo A1 and B) and the atherogenic lipoprotein (a) [Lp(a)] has not been documented to date., METHODS: Ninety subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D) aged 30-60 years from both sexes were randomly allocated to one of the 3 groups to receive 2 bottles a day of either (1) plain doogh (PD; containing 150 mg calcium and no detectable vitamin D/250 mL); (2) vitamin D-fortified doogh (DD; containing 150 mg calcium and 500 IU vitamin D/250 mL); or (3) calcium- and vitamin D-fortified doogh (CDD; containing 250 mg calcium and 500 IU vitamin D/250 mL) for 12 weeks. Anthropometric, dietary, and laboratory assessments, including Apo A1, Apo B, and Lp(a), were done., RESULTS: Improvement of vitamin D status in DD and CDD groups, compared to PD, resulted in a significant increase in Apo A1 (mean changes 0.22 +/- 0.38, 0.20 +/- 0.27 and 0.01 +/- 0.35 g/L, respectively, p = 0.047) and a significant decrease in serum Lp(a) (mean changes -0.08 +/- 0.30, -0.08 +/- 0.31, and 0.14 +/- 0.25 mumol/L, respectively, p = 0.011). There was no significant difference between DD and CDD groups. Serum Apo B did not change significantly in any of the groups., CONCLUSIONS: Significant amelioration of serum Apo A1 and Lp(a) following improvement of vitamin D status in T2D subjects may have preventive implications against long-term diabetic complications, notably CVD. This trial was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov as NTC01229891.
Diet quality of overweight and obese mothers and their preschool children.; BACKGROUND: Children of obese parents are more likely to become obese than children of normal-weight parents. However, there is little information regarding the diet intakes of children of obese parents., OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to determine the diet quality of preschoolers and their overweight/obese mothers, whether maternal and child diet quality were correlated, and predictors of child's diet quality., DESIGN: Results are from baseline measurements from a randomized controlled behavioral intervention., PARTICIPANTS: Participants were English-literate, postpartum mothers and their preschoolers (n=177 mother-child dyads) in North Carolina. Visits took place in the Triangle and Triad regions of North Carolina between September 2007 and November 2009., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: We measured diet quality of mothers and preschoolers using the Healthy Eating Index-2005., STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Descriptive statistics, chi(2), analysis of variance, Pearson correlations, and stepwise regression models were used., RESULTS: Only 11% of children and 7% of mothers had Healthy Eating Index-2005 scores >=80. Most children did not meet recommendations for fruits, vegetables, whole grains, meat and beans, sodium, saturated fat, and energy from solid fat and added sugars. Child diet quality was correlated with maternal diet quality (r=0.44; P<0.001). However, children and mothers differed in the proportion that met food-group recommendations: children vs mothers: total fruit (50% vs 14%), whole fruit (46% vs 28%), total vegetables (6% vs 18%), dark green and orange vegetables and legumes (7% vs 19%), total grains (57% vs 71%), milk (63% vs 22%), and meat and beans (33% vs 60%). Maternal diet quality and household income were positively correlated with child diet quality., CONCLUSIONS: The diets of children of overweight/obese mothers need improvement in several areas. Mother's diet quality and household income are important contributors to child's diet quality and should be considered in efforts to improve the diets of these children. Copyright © 2013 Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of butter from mountain-pasture grazing cows on risk markers of the metabolic syndrome compared with conventional Danish butter: a randomized controlled study.; BACKGROUND: There is considerable interest in dairy products from low-input systems, such as mountain-pasture grazing cows, because these products are believed to be healthier than products from high-input conventional systems. This may be due to a higher content of bioactive components, such as phytanic acid, a PPAR-agonist derived from chlorophyll. However, the effects of such products on human health have been poorly investigated., OBJECTIVE: To compare the effect of milk-fat from mountain-pasture grazing cows (G) and conventionally fed cows (C) on risk markers of the metabolic syndrome., DESIGN: In a double-blind, randomized, 12-week, parallel intervention study, 38 healthy subjects replaced part of their habitual dietary fat intake with 39 g fat from test butter made from milk from mountain-pasture grazing cows or from cows fed conventional winter fodder. Glucose-tolerance and circulating risk markers were analysed before and after the intervention., RESULTS: No differences in blood lipids, lipoproteins, hsCRP, insulin, glucose or glucose-tolerance were observed. Interestingly, strong correlations between phytanic acid at baseline and total (P<0.0001) and LDL cholesterol (P=0.0001) were observed., CONCLUSIONS: Lack of effects on blood lipids and inflammation indicates that dairy products from mountain-pasture grazing cows are not healthier than products from high-input conventional systems. Considering the strong correlation between LDL cholesterol and phytanic acid at baseline, it may be suggested that phytanic acid increases total and LDL cholesterol., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT01343589.
The effects of plant stanol ester consumption on arterial stiffness and endothelial function in adults: a randomised controlled clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: The hypocholesterolemic effect of plant stanol ester consumption has been studied extensively, but its effect on cardiovascular health has been less frequently investigated. We studied the effects of plant stanol esters (staest) on arterial stiffness and endothelial function in adults without lipid medication., METHODS: Ninety-two asymptomatic subjects, 35 men and 57 women, mean age of 50.8+/-1.0 years (SEM) were recruited from different commercial companies. It was randomized, controlled, double-blind, parallel trial and lasted 6 months. The staest group (n=46) consumed rapeseed oil-based spread enriched with staest (3.0 g of plant stanols/d), and controls (n=46) the same spread without staest. Arterial stiffness was assessed via the cardio-ankle vascular index (CAVI) in large and as an augmentation index (AI) in peripheral arteries, and endothelial function as reactive hyperemia index (RHI). Lipids and vascular endpoints were tested using analysis of variance for repeated measurements., RESULTS: At baseline, 28% of subjects had a normal LDL cholesterol level (<=3.0 mmol/l) and normal arterial stiffness (<8). After the intervention, in the staest group, serum total, LDL, and non-HDL cholesterol concentrations declined by 6.6, 10.2, and 10.6% compared with controls (p<0.001 for all). CAVI was unchanged in the whole study group, but in control men, CAVI tended to increase by 3.1% (p=0.06) but was unchanged in the staest men, thus the difference in the changes between groups was statistically significant (p=0.023). AI was unchanged in staest (1.96+/-2.47, NS) but increased by 3.30+/-1.83 in controls (p=0.034) i.e. the groups differed from each other (p=0.046). The reduction in LDL and non-HDL cholesterol levels achieved by staest was related to the improvement in RHI (r=-0.452, p=0.006 and -0.436, p=0.008)., CONCLUSIONS: Lowering LDL and non-HDL cholesterol by 10% with staest for 6 months reduced arterial stiffness in small arteries. In subgroup analyses, staest also had a beneficial effect on arterial stiffness in large arteries in men and on endothelial function. Further research will be needed to confirm these results in different populations., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinical Trials Register # NCT01315964.
A potent steroid cream is superior to emollients in reducing acute radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients treated with adjuvant radiotherapy. A randomised study of betamethasone versus two moisturizing creams.; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: The aim was to investigate whether treatment with potent local steroids can reduce signs and symptoms of acute radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients undergoing adjuvant radiotherapy (RT) compared to emollient creams., MATERIAL AND METHODS: The study was randomised and double-blinded. Patients with breast cancer who had undergone mastectomy or breast-conserving surgery were included when they started adjuvant 3-D planned RT. In all, 104 patients were randomised 2:1:1 to three treatment groups, i.e. betamethasone+Essex R cream, Essex R cream or Canoderm R cream. The patients themselves treated the irradiated area during the radiation period (5 weeks) and two weeks after cessation of RT. Signs of RT dermatitis were measured qualitatively with RTOG clinical scoring and quantitatively by colorimeter. In addition, the patients' symptoms were recorded as well as the Fitzpatrick skin type. There was a statistically significant difference (p=0.05) in skin reactions when assessed with RTOG in favour of the group treated with the potent steroid. Patient-related symptoms did not differ between the treatment groups. The effect of the steroid was prominent in three subgroups, i.e. (i) patients treated with ablation of the breast, (ii) patients receiving RT to the armpit and the supraclavicular fossa, and (iii) patients with Fitzpatrick skin type 1., CONCLUSIONS: Treatment with betamethasone cream is more efficient than moisturizers for the control of acute RT dermatitis in patients treated with adjuvant RT for breast cancer. Copyright © 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of probiotic fermented milk on blood pressure: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.; Previous studies have suggested that probiotic fermented milk may possess blood pressure (BP)-lowering properties. In the present study, we aimed to systematically examine the effect of probiotic fermented milk on BP by conducting a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials. PubMed, Cochrane library and the ClinicalTrials.gov databases were searched up to March 2012 to identify eligible studies. The reference lists of the obtained articles were also reviewed. Either a fixed-effects or a random-effects model was used to calculate the combined treatment effect. Meta-analysis of fourteen randomised placebo-controlled trials involving 702 participants showed that probiotic fermented milk, compared with placebo, produced a significant reduction of 3.10 mmHg (95% CI 24.64, 21.56) in systolic BP and 1.09 mmHg (95% CI 22.11, 20.06) in diastolic BP. Subgroup analyses suggested a slightly greater effect on systolic BP in hypertensive participants than in normotensive ones (23.98 v. 22.09 mmHg). Analysis of trials conducted in Japan showed a greater reduction than those conducted in European countries for both systolic BP (26.12 v. 22.08 mmHg) and diastolic BP (23.45 v. 20.52 mmHg). Some evidence of publication bias was present, but sensitivity analysis excluding small trials that reported extreme results only affected the pooled effect size minimally. In summary, the present meta-analysis suggested that probiotic fermented milk has BP-lowering effects in pre-hypertensive and hypertensive subjects.
[Relationship between dietary behaviors and growth-development of 1-7 years old children from seven provinces in Chinese rural areas].; OBJECTIVE: To explore the status of dietary behaviors of 1-7 years old children and its relationship with growth-development in Chinese rural areas and to provide 13,692 1-7 years old scientific evidences for corresponding intervention., METHODS: children from seven provinces in Chinese rural areas were randomly identified by multistage stratified cluster sampling. The ascertainment methods included face to face questionnaires and anthropometric measurements. Chi-square test and non-conditional logistic regression analysis were used to assess the relationship between dietary behaviors and growth-development., RESULTS: Among the respondents, 53.1% occasionally/never drank milk/soymilk, 48.1% ate snacks almost everyday, 22.5% were picky eaters, 7.3% were breakfast-skippers, 1.9% couldn't dine on time. Multivariate nonconditional logistic regression analysis showed that occasionally/never have breakfast, occasionally/never drink milk or soymilk, occasionally/never eat snacks were associated with stunting. Occasionally/never have breakfast or eat snacks were associated with underweight. The five dietary behaviors were not associated with wasting, overweight and obesity in our study., CONCLUSION: The incidence of children's poor dietary behaviors was relatively high in Chinese rural areas, which had a close association with children stunting and underweight.
Associations of IGF-1 gene variants and milk protein intake with IGF-I concentrations in infants at age 6 months - results from a randomized clinical trial.; OBJECTIVE: The interplay of genetic and nutritional regulation of the insulin-like growth factor-I axis in children is unclear. Therefore, potential gene-nutrient effects on serum levels of the IGF-I axis in a formula feeding trial were studied., DESIGN: European multicenter randomized clinical trial of 1090 term, formula-fed infants assigned to receive cow's milk-based infant and follow-on formulae with lower (LP: 1.25 and 1.6 g/100 mL) or higher (HP: 2.05 and 3.2 g/100 mL) protein contents for the first 12 months of life; a comparison group of 588 breastfed infants (BF) was included. Eight single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of the IGF-1-(rs6214, rs1520220, rs978458, rs7136446, rs10735380, rs2195239, rs35767, and rs35766) and two of the IGFBP-3-(rs1496495, rs6670) gene were analyzed. Serum levels of total and free IGF-I, IGFBP-3 and the molar ratio IGF-1/IGFBP-3 at age 6 months were regressed on determined SNPs and feeding groups in 501 infants., RESULTS: IGF-1-SNPs rs1520220, rs978458, and rs2195239 significantly increased total-IGF-I and molar-ratio IGF-I/IGFBP-3 by ~1.3 ng/mL and ~1.3 per allele, respectively; compared to LP infants concentration and molar-ratio were increased in HP by ~1.3 ng/mL and ~1.3 and decreased in BF infants by ~0.6 ng/mL and ~0.6, respectively. IGFBP-3 was only affected by the BF group with ~450 ng/mL lower levels than the LP group. No gene-feeding-group interaction was detected for any SNP, even without correction for multiple testing., CONCLUSIONS: Variants of the IGF-1-gene play an important role in regulating serum levels of the IGF-I axis but there is no gene-protein-interaction. The predominant nutritional regulation of IGF-I and IGFBP-3 gives further evidence that higher protein intake contributes to metabolic programming of growth. Copyright © 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Impact of buttermilk consumption on plasma lipids and surrogate markers of cholesterol homeostasis in men and women.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Sphingolipids (SL) are important components of the milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) found in buttermilk. While studies in animal models suggest that dietary SL may have cholesterol-lowering properties, data in human are lacking. The aim of this study was to investigate the impact of buttermilk consumption on plasma lipids and surrogate markers of cholesterol (C) homeostasis in humans., METHODS AND RESULTS: Men and women (n = 34) with serum LDL-C <5.0 mmol/L at screening (mean LDL-C = 3.8 mmol/L) were recruited in this double-blinded randomized crossover placebo controlled study. Their diets were supplemented with 45 g/d of buttermilk and with 45 g/d of a macro/micronutrient matched placebo (4 weeks each in random order). Serum lipid concentrations and surrogate markers of cholesterol homeostasis were measured post diet and compared using mixed models for repeated measures. Consumption of buttermilk led to reduction in serum cholesterol (-3.1%, P = 0.019), LDL-C (-3.1%, P = 0.057) and triacylglycerol (-10.7%, P = 0.007). Buttermilk consumption increased plasma lathosterol concentrations (+12.1%, P = 0.001), but multiple regression analysis indicated that variations in beta-sitosterol concentrations (P = 0.002) were the only significant predictor of the LDL-C response to buttermilk consumption., CONCLUSION: Buttermilk consumption may be associated with reduced cholesterol concentrations in men and women, primarily through inhibition of intestinal absorption of cholesterol., REGISTRATION NUMBER: This trial is registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01248026. Copyright © 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The cholesterol lowering efficacy of plant stanol ester yoghurt in a Turkish population: a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: We evaluated the cholesterol lowering efficacy of low-fat spoonable yoghurt with 1.9 g/d plant stanols as esters on plasma lipid profiles of Turkish subjects with mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia., METHODS: Using a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled study design, intervention (n = 35) and control (n = 35) groups consumed either 115 g low-fat yoghurt with 1.9 g/d plant stanols as esters or placebo yoghurt, respectively, for 4 weeks. Seventy subjects with untreated mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia (aged 23-65 years) were recruited. Changes in the lipid profile, including lipoproteins, apolipoproteins, and triglycerides, and anthropometric measurements were monitored at screening, baseline, and at the end of the second, third, and fourth weeks of intervention. The general linear model repeated measures procedure was used to test differences in the repeated continuous variables between study groups., RESULTS: Serum total cholesterol (4.6%), LDL cholesterol (6.3%), and non-HDL cholesterol (6.2%) concentrations were reduced significantly from baseline in the plant stanol group compared to the control group (p = 0.007, p = 0.005 and p = 0.005, respectively). A variation in the response of serum total and LDL cholesterol between the subjects in plant stanol group was obtained. No clinically significant change in anthropometrical measurements was observed during the intervention., CONCLUSIONS: The spoonable low-fat yoghurt with 1.9 g/d plant stanols as esters lowered total, LDL, and non-HDL cholesterol levels in Turkish subjects with mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia. Nevertheless variation in baseline cholesterol levels, genetic predisposition of the subjects and compliance may contribute to a large individual variability.
The effects of 8 weeks of whey or rice protein supplementation on body composition and exercise performance.; Consumption of moderate amounts of animal-derived protein has been shown to differently influence skeletal muscle hypertrophy during resistance training when compared with nitrogenous and isoenergetic amounts of plant-based protein administered in small to moderate doses. Therefore, the purpose of the study was to determine if the post-exercise consumption of rice protein isolate could increase recovery and elicit adequate changes in body composition compared to equally dosed whey protein isolate if given in large, isocaloric doses.
Effects of low-fat or full-fat fermented and non-fermented dairy foods on selected cardiovascular biomarkers in overweight adults.; The association between consumption of full-fat dairy foods and CVD may depend partly on the nature of products and may not apply to low-fat dairy foods. Increased circulating levels of inflammatory biomarkers after consumption of dairy product-rich meals suggest an association with CVD. In the present study, we tested the effects of low-fat and full-fat dairy diets on biomarkers associated with inflammation, oxidative stress or atherogenesis and on plasma lipid classes. Within full-fat dairy diets, we also compared fermented v. non-fermented products. In a randomised cross-over study, twelve overweight/obese subjects consumed during two 3-week periods two full-fat dairy diets containing either yogurt plus cheese (fermented) or butter, cream and ice cream (non-fermented) or a low-fat milk plus yogurt diet, with the latter being consumed between and at the end of the full-fat dairy dietary periods. The concentrations of six inflammatory and two atherogenic biomarkers known to be raised in CVD were measured as well as those of plasma F2-isoprostanes and lipid classes. The concentrations of six of the eight biomarkers tended to be higher on consumption of the low-fat dairy diet than on that of the fermented dairy diet and the concentrations of two plasmalogen lipid classes reported to be associated with increased oxidisability were also higher on consumption of the low-fat dairy diet than on that of the fermented dairy diet (P< 0.001), although plasma F2-isoprostane concentrations did not differ on consumption of any of the diets. On the other hand, the concentrations of plasma sphingomyelin and IL-6 were significantly higher on consumption of the non-fermented dairy diet than on that of the low-fat dairy diet (P< 0.02). In conclusion, short-term diets containing low-fat dairy products did not lead to a more favourable biomarker profile associated with CVD risk compared with the full-fat dairy products, suggesting that full-fat fermented dairy products may be the more favourable.
Treatment of seborrheic dermatitis: comparison of sertaconazole 2 % cream versus pimecrolimus 1 % cream.; OBJECTIVE: Seborrheic dermatitis (SD) is an inflammatory skin disorder affecting the scalp, face, and trunk. The treatment of SD is an important issue in dermatology. This study aimed at comparing the efficacy of sertaconazole 2 % cream versus pimecrolimus 1 % cream in the treatment of SD., METHODS: In this clinical trial study, 60 patients suffering from SD were studied. Thirty patients received local sertaconazole 2 % cream and in control group, 30 patients received pimecrolimus 1 % cream. Patients were recommended to use the cream twice a day for 4 weeks. At the beginning of referring and also 2 and 4 weeks after first visit, the patients were examined by a dermatologist to control improvement of clinical symptoms., RESULTS: The mean age of members of the sertaconazole and pimecrolimus groups was 30.12 +/- 12.56 and 34.67 +/- 10.98 years, respectively. The highest level of satisfaction (90 %) was observed 28 days after sertaconazole application since it was 80 % in pimecrolimus group. The relationship between patients' satisfaction and receipt of sertaconazole cream (on the 28th day) was statistically significant (P = 0.006)., CONCLUSION: Sertaconazole 2 % cream may be an excellent alternative therapeutic modality for treating SD.
Calcium and vitamin D intake and mortality: results from the Canadian Multicentre Osteoporosis Study (CaMos).; CONTEXT: Calcium and vitamin D are recommended for bone health, but there are concerns about adverse risks. Some clinical studies suggest that calcium intake may be cardioprotective, whereas others report increased risk associated with calcium supplements. Both low and high serum levels of 25-hydroxyvitamin D have been associated with increased mortality., OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to determine the association between total calcium and vitamin D intake and mortality and heterogeneity by source of intake., DESIGN: The Canadian Multicentre Osteoporosis Study cohort is a population-based longitudinal cohort with a 10-year follow-up (1995-2007)., SETTING: This study included randomly selected community-dwelling men and women., PARTICIPANTS: A total of 9033 participants with nonmissing calcium and vitamin D intake data and follow-up were studied., EXPOSURE: Total calcium intake (dairy, nondairy food, and supplements) and total vitamin D intake (milk, yogurt, and supplements) were recorded., OUTCOME: The outcome variable was all-cause mortality., RESULTS: There were 1160 deaths during the 10-year period. For women only, we found a possible benefit of higher total calcium intake, with a hazard ratio of 0.95 (95% confidence interval, 0.89-1.01) per 500-mg increase in daily calcium intake and no evidence of heterogeneity by source; use of calcium supplements was also associated with reduced mortality, with hazard ratio of 0.78 (95% confidence interval, 0.66-0.92) for users vs nonusers with statistically significant reductions remaining among those with doses up to 1000 mg/d. These associations were not modified by levels of concurrent vitamin D intake. No definitive associations were found among men., CONCLUSIONS: Calcium supplements, up to 1000 mg/d, and increased dietary intake of calcium may be associated with reduced risk of mortality in women. We found no evidence of mortality benefit or harm associated with vitamin D intake.
Maternal weight loss during exclusive breastfeeding is associated with reduced weight and length gain in daughters of HIV-infected Malawian women.; Maternal weight loss during exclusive breastfeeding may influence the growth of exclusively breast-fed infants through impaired quality or quantity of breast milk. This study evaluated how maternal weight loss from 2 to 24 wk postpartum was related to infant weight and length gain in 1309 lactating HIV-infected mothers and their exclusively breast-fed infants. Malawian mother-infant pairs in the Breastfeeding, Antiretrovirals, and Nutrition Study were randomized with a 2 x 3 factorial design to a 2-arm nutritional intervention with a lipid-based nutrient supplement (LNS), meeting nutritional needs of lactation, or no LNS and a 3-arm antiretroviral (ARV) intervention (maternal, infant, or no ARV regimen). Linear regression models were used to relate maternal weight loss (weight loss vs. no weight loss) to infant weight and length gain from birth to 24 mo, stratifying by gender and controlling for maternal BMI at 2 wk (mean +/- SD: 23.2 +/- 3.0 kg/m(2)) and interacting maternal BMI with weight loss. In adjusted models, compared with daughters of women who did not lose weight, length and weight gain were lower in daughters whose mothers had a lower BMI at 2 wk postpartum coupled with the weight loss. For example, among mothers with an initial BMI of 18 kg/m(2), daughters of those who lost weight gained less weight [beta = -0.29 kg (95% CI: -0.53, -0.06)] and length [beta = -0.88 cm (95% CI: -1.52, -0.23)] from birth to 24 wk than daughters of those who gained weight. Though effects were only observed in girls, suggesting possible gender differences in suckling and feeding behavior, these findings indicate that maternal weight loss with low energy reserves represents a risk factor for poor infant growth outcomes.
Probiotics Lactobacillus reuteri DSM 17938 and Lactobacillus casei CRL 431 modestly increase growth, but not iron and zinc status, among Indonesian children aged 1-6 years.; Probiotics and milk calcium may increase resistance to intestinal infection, but their effect on growth and iron and zinc status of Indonesian children is uncertain. We investigated the hypotheses that cow milk with added probiotics would improve growth and iron and zinc status of Indonesian children, whereas milk calcium alone would improve growth but reduce iron and zinc status. A 6-mo randomized trial was conducted in low-socioeconomic urban communities of Jakarta. Healthy children (n = 494) were randomly assigned to receive low-lactose milk with a low calcium content of ~50 mg/d (LC; n = 124), a regular calcium content of ~440 mg/d (RC group; n = 126), regular calcium with 5 x 10(8) CFU/d Lactobacillus casei CRL 431 (casei; n = 120), or regular calcium with 5 x 10(8) CFU/d Lactobacillus reuteri DSM 17938 (reuteri; n = 124). Growth, anemia, and iron and zinc status were assessed before and after the intervention. Compared with the RC group, the reuteri group had significantly greater weight gain [0.22 (95% CI: 0.02, 0.42) kg], weight-for-age Z-score (WAZ) changes [0.09 (95% CI: 0.01, 0.17)], and monthly weight [0.03 (95% CI: 0.002, 0.05) kg/mo] and height [0.03 (95% CI: 0.01, 0.05) cm/mo] velocities. Casei significantly increased monthly weight velocity [0.03 (95% CI: 0.001, 0.05) kg/mo], but not height. However, the changes in underweight, stunting, anemia prevalence, and iron and zinc status were similar between groups. In conclusion, L. reuteri DSM 17938 modestly improved growth by increasing weight gain, WAZ changes, and weight and height velocity, whereas L. casei CRL 431 modestly improved weight velocity. Independent from probiotics supplementation, regular milk calcium did not affect growth or iron and zinc status.
Photodynamic therapy versus topical imiquimod versus topical fluorouracil for treatment of superficial basal-cell carcinoma: a single blind, non-inferiority, randomised controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Superficial basal-cell carcinoma is most commonly treated with topical non-surgical treatments, such as photodynamic therapy or topical creams. Photodynamic therapy is considered the preferable treatment, although this has not been previously tested in a randomised control trial. We assessed the effectiveness of photodynamic therapy compared with imiquimod or fluorouracil in patients with superficial basal-cell carcinoma., METHODS: In this single blind, non-inferiority, randomised controlled multicentre trial, we enrolled patients with a histologically proven superficial basal-cell carcinoma at seven hospitals in the Netherlands. Patients were randomly assigned to receive treatment with methylaminolevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL-PDT; two sessions with an interval of 1 week), imiquimod cream (once daily, five times a week for 6 weeks), or fluorouracil cream (twice daily for 4 weeks). Follow-up was at 3 and 12 months post-treatment. Data were collected by one observer who was blinded to the assigned treatment. The primary outcome was the proportion of patients free of tumour at both 3 and 12 month follow up. A pre-specified non-inferiority margin of 10% was used and modified intention-to-treat analyses were done. This trial is registered as an International Standard Randomised controlled trial (ISRCTN 79701845)., FINDINGS: 601 patients were randomised: 202 to receive MAL-PDT, 198 to receive imiquimod, and 201 to receive fluorouracil. A year after treatment, 52 of 196 patients treated with MAL-PDT, 31 of 189 treated with imiquimod, and 39 of 198 treated with fluorouracil had tumour residue or recurrence. The proportion of patients tumour-free at both 3 and 12 month follow-up was 72.8% (95% CI 66.8-79.4) for MAL-PDT, 83.4% (78.2-88.9) for imiquimod cream, and 80.1% (74.7-85.9) for fluorouracil cream. The difference between imiquimod and MAL-PDT was 10.6% (95% CI 1.5-19.5; p=0.021) and 7.3% (-1.9 to 16.5; p=0.120) between fluorouracil and MAL-PDT, and between fluorouracil and imiquimod was -3.3% (-11.6 to 5.0; p=0.435. For patients treated with MAL-PDT, moderate to severe pain and burning sensation were reported most often during the actual MAL-PDT session. For other local adverse reactions, local skin redness was most often reported as moderate or severe in all treatment groups. Patients treated with creams more often reported moderate to severe local swelling, erosion, crust formation, and itching of the skin than patients treated with MAL-PDT. In the MAL-PDT group no serious adverse events were reported. One patient treated with imiquimod and two patients treated with fluorouracil developed a local wound infection and needed additional treatment in the outpatient setting., INTERPRETATION: Topical fluorouracil was non-inferior and imiquimod was superior to MAL-PDT for treatment of superficial basal-cell carcinoma. On the basis of these findings, imiquimod can be considered the preferred treatment, but all aspects affecting treatment choice should be weighted to select the best treatment for patients., FUNDING: Grant of the Netherlands Organization for Scientific Research ZONMW (08-82310-98-08626). Copyright © 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Double-blind comparative trial with 2 antiregurgitation formulae.; BACKGROUND AND AIM: Many mothers consult physicians because of frequent infant regurgitation. Guidelines recommend reassurance and dietary treatment as first approaches. The aim of the present study was to test and compare the efficacy of 2 antiregurgitation formulae (ARF)., METHODS: A prospective, double-blind, randomized cross-over trial was performed for a 1-month period in 115 formula-fed infants (ages 2 weeks-5 months) comparing 2 ARF (ARF-1: nonhydrolyzed protein, locust bean gum; ARF-2: specific whey hydrolysate, locust bean gum, specially treated starch). The primary endpoint was the incidence of regurgitation., RESULTS: At inclusion, mean age was 9.1 weeks; anthropometric parameters did not differ between the groups. According to the intention-to-treat analysis, the mean number of episodes of regurgitation decreased from 8.25 to 2.32 with ARF-1 and to 1.89 with ARF-2 (statistically significant difference between both ARF, P = 0.0091). The mean score of regurgitated volume decreased significantly more with ARF-2 than with ARF-1 (P = 0.0265). There was no significant difference in stool frequency and consistency between both groups., CONCLUSIONS: The efficacy of both ARF was demonstrated by the decreased number and volume of regurgitations. ARF-2 was statistically more effective than ARF-1. Comparative trials enable the selection of the best therapeutic option.
Consumption of low-fat dairy foods for 6 months improves insulin resistance without adversely affecting lipids or bodyweight in healthy adults: a randomized free-living cross-over study.; BACKGROUND: Given the highly debated role of dairy food consumption in modulating biomarkers of metabolic syndrome, this study was conducted to examine the influence of long-term (6 month) dairy consumption on metabolic parameters in healthy volunteers under free-living conditions without energy restriction., METHODS: Twenty-three healthy subjects completed a randomized, crossover trial of 12 months. Participants consumed their habitual diets and were randomly assigned to one of two treatment groups: a high dairy supplemented group instructed to consume 4 servings of dairy per day (HD); or a low dairy supplemented group limited to no more than 2 servings of dairy per day (LD). Baseline, midpoint, and endpoint metabolic responses were examined., RESULTS: Endpoint measurements of body weight and composition, energy expenditure, blood pressure, blood glucose, and blood lipid and lipoprotein responses did not differ (p > 0.05) between the LD and HD groups. HD consumption improved (p < 0.05) plasma insulin (-9%) and insulin resistance (-11%, p = 0.03) as estimated by HOMA-IR compared with the LD group., CONCLUSIONS: Study results suggest that high dairy consumption (4 servings/d) may improve insulin resistance without negatively impacting bodyweight or lipid status under free-living conditions., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinical Trials.gov: NCT01761955.
Metabolomic fingerprint in patients at high risk of cardiovascular disease by cocoa intervention.; SCOPE: Metabolomics approach is focused on identifying all metabolites present in a biological sample (metabolome). Consumption of cocoa products has been related to health benefits including positive effect on cardiovascular health., METHODS AND RESULTS: Twenty volunteers were included in this randomized, crossover, and controlled clinical trial. After a 2-wk washout period, subjects received 40 g/day of cocoa powder with 500 mL skimmed milk (cocoa with skimmed milk intervention) or 500 mL/day of skimmed milk (skimmed milk intervention) for 4-wk. Urine (24 h) samples were collected at baseline and after each intervention and were analyzed by HPLC-hybrid quadrupole TOF in negative and positive ionization modes followed by multivariate analysis. This analysis revealed a marked separation between the cocoa with skimmed milk intervention and skimmed milk intervention and baseline periods. Thirty-nine compounds linked with cocoa intake, including alkaloid metabolites, polyphenol host and gut microbial metabolites (hydroxyphenylvalerolactones and hydroxyphenylvaleric acids), diketopiperazines and N-phenylpropenoyl-l-amino acids were identified. In the case of endogenous metabolites, putative identifications suggested that metabolites linked with carnitine metabolism and sulfation of tyrosine were decreased by the consumption of cocoa., CONCLUSION: LC-MS metabolomics strategy allows the defining of a complex metabolic profile derived from cocoa phytochemicals. Likewise, the identification of endogenous markers could lead to new hypotheses to unravel the relationship between cocoa intake and cardiovascular diseases. Copyright © 2013 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim.
Effects of whey proteins on glycaemia and insulinaemia to an oral glucose load in healthy adults; a dose-response study.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Whey proteins have insulinogenic properties and the effect appears to be mediated from a postprandial plasma amino-acid (AA) response. The aim was to study the possible dose-response relationship between whey intake and glycaemic-, insulinaemic- and plasma AA responses., SUBJECTS/METHODS: Twelve healthy volunteers participated in the study. They were provided three whey protein drinks, containing 4.5, 9 or 18 g protein as breakfast meals in random order. All meals contained 25 g available carbohydrates (glucose). The same amount of glucose in water was used as reference., RESULTS: Linear dose-response relations were found between whey protein intake and postprandial glycaemia, insulinaemia and plasma AAs. The two highest doses, 18 g and 9 g, significantly reduced postprandial glycaemia (incremental area under the curve (iAUC) 0-120 min; P <= 0.05). The 18 g dose significantly increased the insulin response (iAUC 0-120 min; P <= 0.05). All measured plasma AAs (15 in total), except glutamic acid, responded in a dose-dependent way, and the 9 and 18 g doses resulted in significantly higher plasma levels of AAs compared with the reference., CONCLUSIONS: Whey protein affects glycaemia, insulinaemia and plasma AAs to a glucose load in a dose-dependent manner. Comparatively low doses of whey protein (9 g) reduced postprandial glycaemia significantly when added to a carbohydrate-rich meal.
Effect of Lactobacillus gasseri SBT2055 in fermented milk on abdominal adiposity in adults in a randomised controlled trial.; Consumption of fermented milk (FM) containing a probiotic, Lactobacillus gasseri SBT2055 (LG2055), previously showed a reduction in abdominal adiposity in a randomised controlled trial (RCT) using FM with 10(8) colony-forming units (cfu) of LG2055/g. However, whether the effectiveness is observed at lower concentrations, the recommended minimum or intermediate levels of probiotics (10(6) or 10(7) cfu/g, respectively), remains to be examined. A multi-centre, double-blind, parallel-group RCT was conducted using 210 healthy Japanese adults with large visceral fat areas (80.2 - 187.8 cm(2)). They were balanced for their baseline characteristics and randomly assigned to three groups receiving FM containing 10(7), 10(6) or 0 (control) cfu LG2055/g of FM, and were asked to consume 200 g FM/d for 12 weeks. Abdominal visceral fat areas, which were determined by computed tomography, at week 12, changed from baseline by an average of -8.5 % (95 % CI -11.9, -5.1; P< 0.01) in the 10(7) dose group, and by -8.2 % (95 % CI -10.8, -5.7; P< 0.01) in the 10(6) dose group. Other measures including BMI, waist and hip circumferences, and body fat mass were also significantly decreased from baseline at week 12 in both groups; interestingly, the cessation of taking FM for 4 weeks attenuated these effects. In the control group, none of these parameters significantly decreased from baseline. These findings demonstrate that consumption of LG2055 at doses as low as the order of 10(8) cfu/d exhibited a significant lowering effect on abdominal adiposity, and suggest that constant consumption might be needed to maintain the effect.
Early growth and postprandial appetite regulatory hormone responses.; Strong epidemiological evidence suggests that slow prenatal or postnatal growth is associated with an increased risk of CVD and other metabolic diseases. However, little is known whether early growth affects postprandial metabolism and, especially, the appetite regulatory hormone system. Therefore, we investigated the impact of early growth on postprandial appetite regulatory hormone responses to two high-protein and two high-fat content meals. Healthy, 65-75-year-old volunteers from the Helsinki Birth Cohort Study were recruited; twelve with a slow increase in BMI during the first year of life (SGI group) and twelve controls. Subjects ate a test meal (whey meal, casein meal, SFA meal and PUFA meal) once in a random order. Plasma glucose, insulin, TAG, NEFA, ghrelin, peptide tyrosine-tyrosine (PYY), glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide, glucagon-like peptide-1 and a satiety profile were measured in the fasting state and for 4 h after each test meal. Compared with the controls, the SGI group had about 1.5-fold higher insulin responses after the whey meal (P= 0.037), casein meal (P= 0.023) and PUFA meal (P= 0.002). TAG responses were 34-69 % higher for the SGI group, but only the PUFA-meal responses differed significantly between the groups. The PYY response of the SGI group was 44 % higher after the whey meal (P= 0.046) and 115 % higher after the casein meal (P= 0.025) compared with the controls. No other statistically significant differences were seen between the groups. In conclusion, early growth may have a role in programming appetite regulatory hormone secretion in later life. Slow early growth is also associated with higher postprandial insulin and TAG responses but not with incretin levels.
Defatted milk is preferred by Mexican school-age children over whole milk in a sensorial study.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the liking, flavor and texture of whole, partially defatted and defatted cow's milk using sensory tests., MATERIALS AND METHODS: Children aged 6-16 years, living in indigenous boarding schools in the State of Hidalgo, Mexico, tested samples of whole, partially defatted and defatted cow's milk and answered a questionnaire that explored liking, flavor and texture through ad hoc designed scales. The differences in response proportions were analyzed by chi2 tests and multinomial logistic regression models., RESULTS: Tests were completed by 165 children (79 girls and 86 boys). Rated by habitual consumers of whole, partially defatted and defatted milk, liking (70.6-77.8%, liked it very much), flavor (72.5-77.8%, very tasteful) and texture (41.3-54.9%, not creamy or watery) were better rated for defatted than for whole milk [liking (19.6-29.4%, p < 0.001, liked it very much), flavor (19.6-39.7%, p < 0.001, very tasty) and texture (27.5-39.2%, p < 0.05, not creamy or watery)]. The global preference was higher for defatted (74.5-81.0%) than for whole milk (6.3-15.7%, p < 0.001)., CONCLUSIONS: Defatted milk (0.5%) can be introduced into public programs to reduce the saturated fat intake or control obesity in children older than 6 years in elementary schools. Copyright © 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Lactase treated feeds to promote growth and feeding tolerance in preterm infants.; BACKGROUND: Successful transition from parenteral nutrition to full enteral feedings during the immediate neonatal period is associated with improved growth in preterm infants. Lactase is the last of the major intestinal disaccharidases to develop in preterm infants. Because of inadequate lactase activity, preterm infants are unable to digest lactose. Lactase preparations could potentially be used to hydrolyse lactose in formulas and breast milk to minimize lactose malabsorption in preterm infants., OBJECTIVES: To assess the effectiveness and safety of the addition of lactase to milk compared to placebo or no intervention for the promotion of growth and feeding tolerance in preterm infants., PRIMARY OUTCOMES: weight gain expressed as grams/kg/day, growth expressed as weight, length and head circumference percentile for postmenstrual age (PMA), assessed at birth and at 40 weeks PMA, days to achieve full enteral feeds., SECONDARY OUTCOMES: several common outcomes associated with preterm birth, and adverse effects., SEARCH METHODS: Electronic and manual searches were conducted in January 2005 of the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL, The Cochrane Library, 2004, Issue 4), MEDLINE (1966 to Jan 2005), EMBASE (1980 to Jan 2005) and CINAHL (1982 to Jan 2005), personal files, bibliographies of identified trials and abstracts by the Pediatric Academic Societies' Meetings and the European Society of Pediatric Research Meetings published in Pediatric Research. The searches were repeated in May 2012 of The Cochrane Library, MEDLINE, EMBASE and CINAHL and abstracts from the Pediatric Academic Societies' Annual Meetings from 2000 to 2012 (Abstracts2View). The Web of Science was searched using the only previously identified trial by Erasmus 2002 as the starting point to search for additional trials that cited this trial., SELECTION CRITERIA: Types of studies: randomized or quasi-randomized controlled trials., PARTICIPANTS: preterm infants < 37 weeks PMA., INTERVENTION: addition of lactase to milk versus placebo or no intervention., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: The standard methods of the Cochrane Neonatal Review Group were followed independently by the review authors to assess study quality and report outcomes. Treatment effects, calculated using Review Manager 5, included risk ratio (RR), risk difference (RD) and mean difference (MD), all with 95% confidence intervals (CI). A fixed-effect model was used for meta-analyses. We did not perform heterogeneity tests as only one study was identified., MAIN RESULTS: The repeat searches conducted in May 2012 did not identify any additional studies for inclusion. One study enrolling 130 infants of 26 to 34 weeks PMA (mean postnatal age at entry 11 days) was identified and no identified study was excluded. The study was a double blind randomized controlled trial of high quality. Lactase treated feeds were initiated when enteral feedings provided > 75% of daily intake. None of the primary outcomes outlined in the protocol for this review and only one of the secondary outcomes, necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) were reported on. The RR for NEC was 0.32 (95% CI 0.01 to 7.79); the RD was -0.02 (95% CI -0.06 to 0.03) (a reduction which was not statistically significant). There was a statistically significant increase in weight gain at study day 10 in the lactase treated feeds group but not at any other time points. Overall, there was not a statistically significant effect on weight gain. No adverse effects were noted., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: The only randomized trial to date provides no evidence of significant benefit to preterm infants from adding lactase to their feeds. Further research regarding effectiveness and safety are required before practice recommendations can be made. Randomized controlled trials comparing lactase versus placebo treated feeds and enrolling infants when enteral feeds are introduced are required. The primary and secondary outcomes for effectiveness and safety should include those identified in this review.
A multicomponent lifestyle intervention produces favourable changes in diet quality and cardiometabolic risk indices in hypercholesterolaemic adults.; BACKGROUND: To date, there are no dietary intervention studies available jointly examining the changes produced in cardiometabolic risk indices and diet quality assessed with the Healthy Eating Index 2005 (HEI-2005). The present study aimed to evaluate the effect of a 3-month multicomponent lifestyle intervention on several cardiometabolic risk indices, physical activity levels and diet quality., METHODS: A total sample of 108 hypercholesterolaemic adults (40-60 years old) were randomised to two intervention groups provided with and instructed to consume daily: (i) plain milk (n = 37) or (ii) enriched milk (n = 40) respectively; both groups were attending a 3-month dietary counselling programme. For the needs of the present study both intervention groups were analysed together IG: n = 77) and were compared against a control group following usual diet (CG: n = 31)., RESULTS: Regarding diet quality HEI scores for 'milk' (P = 0.021), 'dark green/orange vegetables and legumes' (P = 0.050) and 'total HEI score' (P = 0.045) were improved in the IG compared to the CG. The IG also improved 'whole grains' and 'calories from solid fats, alcoholic beverages and added sugars' scores compared to their baseline values. Both groups improved the 'total vegetable' HEI score. Regarding physical activity levels and cardiometabolic risk indices, the IG significantly increased the daily number of steps (P = 0.005) and decreased body weight (P = 0.021), body mass index (P = 0.019) and waist circumference (P = 0.027) to a higher extent compared to the changes observed in the CG. Moreover, the IG significantly decreased systolic (P = 0.001) and diastolic blood pressure (P = 0.050) compared to baseline values., CONCLUSIONS: The present study revealed that this 3-month lifestyle and nutrition counselling intervention programme appears to have favourable effects on diet quality, physical activity levels, anthropometric and certain cardiometabolic risk indices. Copyright © 2013 The Authors Journal of Human Nutrition and Dietetics © 2013 The British Dietetic Association Ltd.
Early influences of nutrition on postnatal growth.; Health and nutrition modulate postnatal growth. The availability of amino acids and energy, and insulin and insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) regulates early growth through the mTOR pathway. Amino acids and glucose also stimulate the secretion of IGF-I and insulin. Postnatal growth induces lasting, programming effects on later body size and adiposity in animals and in human observational studies. Rapid weight gain in infancy and the first 2 years was shown to predict increased obesity risk in childhood and adulthood. Breastfeeding leads to lesser high weight gain in infancy and reduces obesity risk in later life by about 20%, presumably partly due to the lower protein supply with human milk than conventional infant formula. In a large randomized clinical trial, we tested the hypothesis that reduced infant formula protein contents lower insulin-releasing amino acid concentrations and thereby decrease circulating insulin and IGF-I levels, resulting in lesser early weight gain and reduced later obesity risk (the 'Early Protein Hypothesis'). The results demonstrate that lowered protein in infant formula induces similar - but not equal - metabolic and endocrine responses and normalizes weight and BMI relative to breastfed controls at the age of 2 years. The results available should lead to enhanced efforts to actively promote, protect and support breastfeeding. For infants that are not breastfed or not fully breastfed, the use of infant formulas with lower protein contents but high protein quality appears preferable. Cows' milk as a drink provides high protein intake and should be avoided in infancy. Copyright © 2013 Nestec Ltd., Vevey/S. Karger AG, Basel.
Soy milk consumption and blood pressure among type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to determine the effects of soy milk consumption cardiovascular risk and biomarkers of renal function in type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy., METHODS: This randomized, crossover, controlled clinical trial was conducted in 29 type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy. Participants were randomly assigned to consume a diet containing soy milk, or a diet containing cow's milk, each for 4 weeks. There was a 2-week washout between the two intervention periods. Anthropometric and biochemical measurements were performed according to standard protocols., RESULTS: The mean age and body mass index of patients were 51 +/- 10 years and 28 +/- 4 kg/m(2), respectively. Consumption of soy milk resulted in a significant reduction in systolic blood pressure compared with consumption of cow's milk (percent change: -4.50 vs. 5.89%; P = .03). Serum triglyceride levels decreased significantly after soy milk consumption (percent change: -15.22 vs. 2.37%; P = .02). After adjustment for carbohydrate intake, the effect of soy milk on triglyceride level was not significant. There were no significant differences between soy milk and cow's milk consumption in terms of their effect on cardiovascular risks and markers of kidney function., CONCLUSIONS: Soy milk consumption was associated with better blood pressure control among diabetic patients with nephropathy. Copyright © 2013 National Kidney Foundation, Inc. All rights reserved.
Glycemic, insulinemic, and appetite responses of patients with type 2 diabetes to commonly consumed breads.; PURPOSE: The purpose of this study was to identify the breads most commonly consumed by adults with type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and then examine the postprandial glycemic, insulinemic, and appetite responses that these breads elicit., METHODS: One hundred people with T2DM were surveyed to identify the varieties of bread they most frequently consumed. According to a randomized crossover design, 11 fasting participants with T2DM consumed 50 g of available carbohydrate from 4 breads. Glucose and insulin concentrations and appetite ratings were determined over 270 minutes., RESULTS: Three commonly consumed varieties (white, whole wheat buttermilk, whole grain) identified in the survey-plus a lower-glycemic-index "control" bread (pumpernickel rye)-were tested in the second phase. Despite perceived differences between "brown" and "white" breads, the white, whole wheat buttermilk, and wholegrain breads promoted similar glycemic and insulinemic responses. Pumpernickel bread resulted in a significantly lower peak glucose (P < .01) than all other breads and a lower peak insulin (P < .001) than white or wholegrain bread. Similar appetite responses were found with all 4 breads., CONCLUSIONS: Adults with T2DM are choosing a variety of breads with perceived differential effects on glycemic, insulinemic, and appetite responses. Appreciable benefits, however, are not conferred by the commonly consumed breads. If breads known to promote favorable metabolic responses are unavailable, the primary emphasis in education should be placed on portion control. Conveying this information to patients is crucial if nutrition education is to achieve its aim of empowering individuals to manage their diabetes through their food choices.
Effect of a dairy- and calcium-rich diet on weight loss and appetite during energy restriction in overweight and obese adults: a randomized trial.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: A diet rich in dairy and calcium (Ca) has been variably associated with improvements in body composition and decreased risk of type 2 diabetes. Our objective was to determine if a dietary pattern high in dairy and Ca improves weight loss and subjective appetite to a greater extent than a low dairy/Ca diet during energy restriction in overweight and obese adults with metabolic syndrome., SUBJECTS/METHODS: A total of 49 participants were randomized to one of two treatment groups: Control (low dairy, = 700 mg/day Ca, -500 kcal/day) or Dairy/Ca (high dairy, = 1400 mg/day Ca, -500 kcal/day) for 12 weeks. Body composition, subjective ratings of appetite, food intake, plasma satiety hormones, glycemic response and inflammatory cytokines were measured., RESULTS: Control (-2.2 +/- 0.5 kg) and Dairy/Ca (-3.3 +/- 0.6 kg) had similar weight loss. Based on self-reported energy intake, the percentage of expected weight loss achieved was higher with Dairy/Ca (82.1 +/- 19.4%) than Control (32.2 +/- 7.7%; P=0.03). Subjects in the Dairy/Ca group reported feeling more satisfied (P=0.01) and had lower dietary fat intake (P=0.02) over 12 weeks compared with Control. Compared with Control, Dairy/Ca had higher plasma levels of peptide tyrosine tyrosine (PYY, P=0.01) during the meal tolerance test at week 12. Monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 was reduced at 30 min with Dairy/Ca compared with Control (P=0.04)., CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, a dairy- and Ca-rich diet was not associated with greater weight loss than control. Modest increases in plasma PYY concentrations with increased dairy/Ca intake, however, may contribute to enhanced sensations of satisfaction and reduced dietary fat intake during energy restriction.
Nutrition, growth, and allergic diseases among very preterm infants after hospital discharge.; The aims of this PhD thesis were: 1. Primarily to investigate the effect, of adding human milk fortifier to mother's milk while breastfeeding very preterm infants after hospital discharge, on growth until 1 year corrected age (CA) 2. Secondarily to describe breastfeeding rate and factors associated with breastfeeding among very preterm infants at hospital discharge. 3. To describe possible feeding-problems during the intervention-period, and allergic diseases during the first year of life, among very preterm infants related to their nutrition after hospital discharge. 4. To describe the content of macronutrients in human milk from mothers delivering very preterm. This PhD thesis is based on a prospective, randomized, and controlled interventional birth cohort study. A total of 633 very preterm infants with a gestational age (GA) <= 32 + 0 weeks were recruited consecutively from July 2004 until August 2008 of whom 157 were excluded due to diseases or circumstances influencing nutrition. Further 156 refused participation in the interventional part of the study, but data on breastfeeding, weight, and some epidemiological data until discharge were available. Results on breastfeeding rate at discharge were therefore based on data from 478 infants, and parents of 320 infants accepted participation in the intervention study. Of these 320 infants, 207 were exclusively breastfed and they were shortly before hospital discharge randomized to either breastfeeding without (group A) or with fortification (group B) until 4 months CA. Infants (n = 113) who were bottle-fed at discharge (group C) were given a preterm formula (PF) until 4 months CA. Infants were examined at the outpatient clinics at term, and at 2, 4, 6, and 12 months CA, where parameters on growth, allergic diseases, possible feeding problems, blood-samples, and milk samples were obtained. Data on duration of exclusively breastfeeding and time of introduction to formula and/or complementary food were also recorded. Among the 478 infants 60% (n = 285) were exclusively breastfed, 35% (n = 167) were exclusively bottle-fed, and 5% (n=26) were both breast- and bottle-fed at discharge. Compared to mothers in lower social groups and mothers who smoked, mothers in higher social groups and "non-smokers" were significantly (p = 0.000 and p = 0.003 respectively) more often breastfeeding their very preterm infants at discharge. Single birth infants tended more often to be breastfed (p = 0.09). Infant age at discharge and duration of hospitalization did not influence breastfeeding at discharge. Increase in weight Z-score from birth to discharge was largest in the bottle-fed group compared to the breastfed group (p = 0.000), probably due to feeding practice the last week(s) of hospitalization. In the intervention study, 207 exclusively breastfed very preterm infants were randomized to group A (n = 102) and B (n = 105) respectively. The duration of breastfeeding was not influenced by fortification of mother's milk after hospital discharge. There was no significant difference on growth comparing group A and B at 12 months CA. Both boys and girls in group C achieved catch-up in weight and length earlier as compared to group A and B. Per protocol (PP) analysis showed that girls, but not boys, were longer and had a larger head circumference but were not heavier in group B (n = 51) compared to group A (n = 73) at 2 and 4 months CA (p<0.05). Protein-concentration in mothers' milk declined significantly from 2 weeks (1.8 g/100 ml) to 6 weeks after birth (1.4 g/100 ml) and declined further to 1.2 g/100 ml 12 weeks after birth. The incidence and the prevalence at 12 months CA of recurrent wheezing was 39.2% and 32.7% respectively, while atopic dermatitis was 18.0% and 12.1% respectively. Predisposition to allergic disease increased the risk of developing atopic dermatitis (p = 0.04) (OR 2.6 (95% CI 1.0-6.4)), and the risk of developing recurrent wheezing (p = 0.02) (OR 2.7 (95% CI 1.2-6.3)). Boys had an increased risk of developing recurrent wheezing (p = 0.003) (OR 3.1 (95% CI 1.5-6.5)). In conclusion breastfeeding can successfully be established in very preterm infants. Fortification of human milk after hospital discharge while breastfeeding was possible without influencing the duration of breastfeeding. Fortification in the amount given in this study did, however, not affect growth significantly at 1 year of age. An increased amount of protein was correlated with increased BUN-values indicating a better growth potential. Fortification of mother's milk or preterm formula was not associated with an increased risk of developing allergic diseases. Future follow-up of this cohort investigating e.g. growth, allergic diseases, and neuropsychological development is planned at 6 years of age. The definition of optimal growth and nutrition of preterm infants is though still a question for debate and further investigations are needed.
Impact of dairy products on biomarkers of inflammation: a systematic review of randomized controlled nutritional intervention studies in overweight and obese adults.; BACKGROUND: Recent data from cross-sectional studies suggest that consumption of dairy products is inversely associated with low-grade systemic inflammation, but a cause-and-effect relation can be confirmed only with results from randomized controlled trials., OBJECTIVE: We reviewed the results of randomized controlled nutritional intervention studies that have assessed the impact of dairy product consumption (ie, milk, yogurt, and/or cheese) on biomarkers of inflammation in adults (aged >=18 y)., DESIGN: We performed a systematic literature search in PubMed in April 2012, which was limited to randomized controlled trials in humans published in English. Studies that included pregnant or lactating women or that did not include a low-dairy control intervention were excluded., RESULTS: Eight trials that were conducted in overweight or obese adults were included in the review. The only study that had identified change in the inflammatory profile as its primary outcome measure showed that dairy food consumption improved pro- and antiinflammatory biomarker concentrations compared with the low-dairy control diet. Three of the 7 studies in which inflammation was a secondary or undefined outcome showed improvement in key inflammatory biomarkers, ie, C-reactive protein, IL-6, or TNF-alpha after dairy product consumption, whereas the other 4 studies showed no effect., CONCLUSIONS: Dairy product consumption does not exert adverse effects on biomarkers of inflammation in overweight or obese adults. Several methodologic factors and limitations among existing studies do not allow differentiation between a beneficial or neutral impact of dairy products on inflammation. Further studies specifically designed to assess inflammation-related outcomes are warranted.
Technical effects of adding 1 % lidocaine to technetium sulfur colloid for sentinel lymphatic mapping in early breast cancer: analysis of data from a double-blind randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: A practice standard in sentinel lymph node (SLN) mapping in breast cancer is intradermal injection of technetium-99m sulfur colloid (Tc-99m), resulting in significant patient discomfort and pain. A previous randomized controlled trial showed that adding lidocaine to Tc-99m significantly reduced radioisotope injection-related pain. We tested whether 1 % lidocaine admixed with Tc-99m affects feasibility of SLN mapping., METHODS: Between January 2006 and April 2009, 140 patients with early breast cancer were randomly assigned (1:1:1:1) to receive standard topical 4 % lidocaine cream and intradermal Tc-99m (control) or to one of three other study groups: topical placebo cream and injection of Tc-99m containing sodium bicarbonate (NaHCO3), 1 % lidocaine, or both. All SLN data were collected prospectively., RESULTS: Study groups were comparable for clinicopathological parameters. As previously reported, the addition of 1 % lidocaine to the radioisotope solution significantly improved patient comfort. Overall SLN identification rate in the trial was 93 %. Technical aspects of SLN biopsy were similar for all groups, including time from injection to operation, first SLN (SLN 1) gamma probe counts, ex vivo counts for SLN 1 and SLN 2, and axillary bed counts. SLN identification rates were comparable statistically: control (96 %), lidocaine (90 %), sodium bicarbonate (97 %), and sodium bicarbonate-lidocaine (90 %). The control group had a significantly higher SLN 2/SLN 1 ex vivo count ratio, and the number of SLNs detected was significantly reduced in the lidocaine versus no-lidocaine groups (p < 0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: Addition of 1 % lidocaine to standard radioisotope solution for SLN mapping in breast cancer is associated with fewer SLNs detected, but it does not appear to compromise SLN identification.
Dietary patterns of Australian children aged 14 and 24 months, and associations with socio-demographic factors and adiposity.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Previous research has shown, in predominantly European populations, that dietary patterns are evident early in life. However, little is known about early-life dietary patterns in Australian children. We aimed to describe dietary patterns of Australian toddlers and their associations with socio-demographic characteristics and adiposity., SUBJECTS/METHODS: Principal component analysis was applied to 3 days (1 x 24-h recall and 2 x 24-h record) data of 14 (n=552)- and 24 (n=493)-month-old children from two Australian studies, NOURISH and South Australian Infant Dietary Intake (SAIDI). Associations with dietary patterns were investigated using regression analyses., RESULTS: Two patterns were identified at both ages. At 14 months, the first pattern was characterised by fruit, grains, vegetables, cheese and nuts/seeds ('14-month core foods') and the second pattern was characterised by white bread, milk, spreads, juice and ice-cream ('basic combination'). Similarly, at 24 months the '24-month core foods' pattern included fruit, vegetables, dairy, nuts/seeds, meat and water, whereas the 'non-core foods' included white bread, spreads, sweetened beverages, snacks, chocolate and processed meat. Lower maternal age and earlier breastfeeding cessation were associated with higher 'basic combination' and 'non-core foods' pattern scores, whereas earlier and later solid introduction were associated with higher 'basic combination' and '24-month core foods' pattern scores, respectively. Patterns were not associated with body mass index (BMI) z-score., CONCLUSIONS: Dietary patterns reflecting core and non-core food intake are identifiable in Australian toddlers. These findings support the need to intervene early with parents to promote healthy eating in children and can inform future investigations on the effects of early diet on long-term health.
The impact of obesity-related SNP on appetite and energy intake.; An increasing number of studies have reported a heritable component for the regulation of energy intake and eating behaviour, although the individual polymorphisms and their 'effect size' are not fully elucidated. The aim of the present study was to examine the relationship between specific SNP and appetite responses and energy intake in overweight men. In a randomised cross-over trial, forty overweight men (age 32 (sd 09) years; BMI 27 (sd 2) kg/m2) attended four sessions 1 week apart and received three isoenergetic and isovolumetric servings of dairy snacks or water (control) in random order. Appetite ratings were determined using visual analogue scales and energy intake at an ad libitum lunch was assessed 90 min after the dairy snacks. Individuals were genotyped for SNP in the fat mass and obesity-associated (FTO), leptin (LEP), leptin receptor (LEPR) genes and a variant near the melanocortin-4 receptor (MC4R) locus. The postprandial fullness rating over the full experiment following intake of the different snacks was 17.2 % (P= 0.026) lower in A carriers compared with TT homozygotes for rs9939609 (FTO, dominant) and 18.6 % (P= 0.020) lower in G carriers compared with AA homozygotes for rs7799039 (LEP, dominant). These observations indicate that FTO and LEP polymorphisms are related to the variation in the feeling of fullness and may play a role in the regulation of food intake. Further studies are required to confirm these initial observations and investigate the 'penetrance' of these genotypes in additional population subgroups.
A paired, double-blind, randomized comparison of a moisturizing durable barrier cream to 10% glycerine cream in the prophylactic management of postmastectomy irradiation skin care: trans Tasman Radiation Oncology Group (TROG) 04.01.; PURPOSE: A previous, unblinded study demonstrated that an alcohol-free barrier film containing an acrylate terpolymer (ATP) was effective in reducing skin reactions compared with a 10% glycerine cream (sorbolene). The different appearances of these products precluded a blinded comparison. To test the acrylate terpolymer principle in a double-blinded manner required the use of an alternative cream formulation, a moisturizing durable barrier cream (MDBC); the study was conducted by the Trans Tasman Radiation Oncology Group (TROG) as protocol 04.01., METHODS AND MATERIALS: A total of 333 patients were randomized; 1 patient was ineligible and 14 patients withdrew or had less than 7 weeks' observations, leaving 318 for analysis. The chest wall was divided into medial and lateral compartments, and patients were randomized to have MDBC applied daily to the medial or lateral compartment and sorbolene to the other compartment. Weekly observations, photographs, and symptom scores (pain and pruritus) were collected to week 12 or resolution of skin reactions if earlier. Skin dose was confirmed by centrally calibrated thermoluminescent dosimeters., RESULTS: Rates of medial and lateral compartment Common Toxicity Criteria (CTC), version 3, greater than or equal to grade 3 skin reactions were 23% and 41%, but rates by skin care product were identical at 32%. There was no significant difference between MDBC and sorbolene in the primary endpoint of peak skin reactions or secondary endpoints of area-under-the-curve skin reaction scores., CONCLUSIONS: The MDBC did not reduce the peak skin reaction compared to sorbolene. It is possible that this is related to the difference in the formulation of the cream compared with the film formulation. Skin dosimetry verification and double blinding are essential for radiation skin care comparative studies. Copyright © 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Baseline dietary patterns are a significant consideration in correcting dietary exposure for weight loss.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Dietary pattern studies are traditionally the domain of epidemiological research. From a clinical perspective, there is a need to explore the effects of changing food and dietary patterns of individuals. The aim was to identify patterns of food choice in the context of a clinical weight loss trial. Cluster analysis based on reported serves of food groups revealed dietary patterns informative for the clinical setting., SUBJECTS/METHODS: Cluster analysis was conducted using diet history data from two clinical trials at baseline, and outcomes at 3 months were reviewed based on these clusters (n=231). The cluster solution was analysed using defined food groups in serves and with respect to clinical parameters and requirements for selected nutrients., RESULTS: Two distinct dietary patterns were identified from the reported baseline dietary intakes. Subjects in Cluster 1 reported food patterns characterised by higher intakes of low-fat dairy and unsaturated oils and margarine and were generally more closely aligned to food choices encouraged in national dietary guidelines. Subjects in Cluster 2 reported a dietary pattern characterised by non-core foods and drinks, higher- and medium-fat dairy foods, fatty meats and alcohol. At 3 months, Cluster 2 subjects reported greater reductions in energy intake (-5317 kJ; P<0.001) and greater weight loss (-5.6 kg; P<0.05) compared with Cluster 1., CONCLUSIONS: Overweight subjects with reported dietary patterns similar to dietary guidelines at baseline may have more difficulty in reducing energy intake than those with poor dietary patterns. Correcting exposure to non-core foods and drinks was key to successful weight loss.
Influence of linseed variety on fatty acid profile in cow's milk.; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to examine the influence of linseed variety on the concentration of cow's milk constituents, particularly fatty acids. The experiment was conducted on 30 Polish Holstein Friesian cows whose diet was supplemented with two varieties of crude linseed, Opal and Szafir., RESULTS: After 21 days of linseed supplementation, the Szafir variety proved to be a better supplement than the Opal variety, particularly in relation to the concentration of saturated fatty acids, C20:5 (69.2% higher) and C22:6 (147.1% higher) and also because of improved chemical composition of the milk (19.7% higher fat, 2.9% higher protein and 39.9% higher casein content)., CONCLUSION: Linseed variety significantly influenced the lipid fraction level and the basic chemical composition of cow's milk. Linseed variety should therefore be taken into consideration in subsequent experiments in addition to the quantity and physical form of linseed. The results showed that the use of a diet supplemented with linseed, especially the Szafir variety, was effective in reducing saturation, atherogenic and thrombogenic indices, yielding benefits for consumers by improving the nutritional quality of cow's milk. Copyright © 2013 Society of Chemical Industry.
Do the lactotripeptides isoleucine-proline-proline and valine-proline-proline reduce systolic blood pressure in European subjects? A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.; BACKGROUND: The milk-derived peptides isoleucine-proline-proline (IPP) and valine-proline- proline (VPP) have been shown to reduce systolic blood pressure (SBP). This decrease is convincingly shown in subjects of Asian origin, but less consistent results have been obtained in European populations., METHODS: A meta-analysis was conducted in accord with the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic reviews and Meta-analyses (PRISMA) requirements, to assess the effect of IPP and VPP on SBP in Europeans, and to explore some determinants of this effect., RESULTS: Ninety-one publications on the effect of IPP and VPP on SBP in Europeans were identified, and 14 trials with 15 sets of data (n = 1,306) met the inclusion criteria for the meta-analysis. A random-effects model (using the restricted maximum likelihood (REML) estimator) was used for the analysis. Although not all individual trials showed a statistically significant effect of IPP or VPP in reducing SBP, the combination of all data for the two peptides yielded a statistically significantly greater effect for IPP/VPP than for placebo. The decrease in SBP with IPP/VPP was 1.28mm Hg (95% CI, -2.09 to -0.48, P = 0.0017) and the decrease in diastolic BP (DBP) was 0.59mm Hg (95% CI, -1.18 to -0.01, P = 0.047). There was no evidence in the meta-analysis of any publication bias or of heterogeneity (P = 0.13). Among other features, a significant effect was seen for age, with each additional year of age reducing the effect on SBP by 0.09mm Hg. This might be related to isolated systolic hypertension, a condition often encountered in the elderly, who may be poorly responsive to first-line treatments for hypertension., CONCLUSION: The peptides IPP and VPP are effective in moderately reducing SBP in European subjects, as is known for Asian populations. These two peptides could therefore have a role in controlling blood pressure (BP), a prospect that merits their further study.
Effects of plant sterol- or stanol-enriched margarine on fasting plasma oxyphytosterol concentrations in healthy subjects.; BACKGROUND: Consumption of plant sterols and plant stanols reduces low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) concentrations. At the same time, plasma plant sterol concentrations will increase after plant sterol consumption, but decrease after plant stanol consumption. In contrast to plant stanols, plant sterols can undergo oxidation and form oxyphytosterols. Findings from in vitro and animal studies suggest that oxyphytosterols might be atherogenic., OBJECTIVE: The objective was to examine whether plant sterol and stanol consumption changes fasting plasma oxyphytosterol concentrations., DESIGN: A randomized, double blind, cross-over study was performed in which 43 healthy subjects (18-70 years) consumed for 4 weeks a plant sterol-enriched (3.0 g/d of plant sterols), a plant stanol-enriched (3.0 g/d of plant stanols), and a control margarine separated by wash-out periods of 4 weeks. Oxyphytosterol concentrations were determined in BHT-enriched plasma via GC-MS., RESULTS: Compared to control, serum LDL-C concentrations were reduced after plant sterol (-8.1%; p < 0.001) and plant stanol consumption (-7.8%; p < 0.001). Plant sterol consumption did not change plasma oxyphytosterol concentrations. On the other hand, intake of the plant stanol margarine reduced 7beta-OH-campesterol by 0.07 ng/mL (~14%; p < 0.01) and by 0.07 ng/mL (~15%; p < 0.01) compared with the control and sterol margarines, respectively. When standardized for serum cholesterol, effects on these oxyphytosterols were comparable. In addition, plant stanol intake reduced cholesterol-standardized 7-keto-campesterol levels compared with plant sterol intake (p < 0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: Daily consumption of a plant sterol-enriched margarine does not increase oxyphytosterol concentrations, while plant stanol consumption may reduce the concentrations of the oxidative plant sterol metabolites 7beta-OH-campesterol and 7-keto-campesterol. Copyright © 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Anti-inflammatory effects of a special carbohydrate-whey protein cake after exhaustive cycling in humans.; Intense exercise induces increased levels of pro-inflammatory and anti-inflammatory cytokines. Thus, the purpose of this study was to examine the effects of a special cake (consisting of carbohydrate to whey protein 3.5:1) vs. an isocaloric carbohydrate cake on inflammatory markers after exhaustive cycling in humans. Nine subjects received either the experimental or placebo cake in a counterbalanced fashion using a crossover, double-blind, repeated-measures design. They performed one trial involving a 2h exercise on a cycle ergometer at 60-65% VO2max followed by a 4h recovery and then a second trial involving an 1h exercise at 60-65% VO2max which was increased at 95% VO2max. Blood samples were collected pre-exercise, 30 min and 4h post-exercise, post-time Trial and 48 h post-time Trial. Cakes were consumed immediately post-exercise and every 1h for the next 3h. The results showed that consumption of the experimental cake reduced significantly (p<0.05), 4h post-exercise, the pro-inflammatory protein levels IL-6 and CRP compared to the control group by 50% and 46% respectively. Moreover, in the experimental cake group, the level of the anti-inflammatory cytokine IL-10 was higher by 118%, 4h post-exercise, compared to the control group but not statistically significant. Copyright © 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Acute differential effects of dietary protein quality on postprandial lipemia in obese non-diabetic subjects.; Non-fasting triglyceridemia is much closer associated to cardiovascular risk compared to fasting triglyceridemia. We hypothesized that there would be acute differential effects of four common dietary proteins (cod protein, whey isolate, gluten, and casein) on postprandial lipemia in obese non-diabetic subjects. To test the hypothesis we conducted a randomized, acute clinical intervention study with crossover design. We supplemented a fat rich mixed meal with one of four dietary proteins i.e. cod protein, whey protein, gluten or casein. Eleven obese non-diabetic subjects (age: 40-68, body mass index: 30.3-42.0 kg/m(2)) participated and blood samples were drawn in the 8-h postprandial period. Supplementation of a fat rich mixed meal with whey protein caused lower postprandial lipemia (P = .048) compared to supplementation with cod protein and gluten. This was primarily due to lower triglyceride concentration in the chylomicron rich fraction (P = .0293). Thus, we have demonstrated acute differential effects on postprandial metabolism of four dietary proteins supplemented to a fat rich mixed meal in obese non-diabetic subjects. Supplementation with whey protein caused lower postprandial lipemia compared to supplementation with cod and gluten. As postprandial lipemia is closely correlated to cardiovascular disease, long-term dietary supplementation with whey protein may prove beneficial in preventing cardiovascular disease in obese non-diabetic subjects. Copyright © 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Randomized placebo-controlled intervention with n-3 LC-PUFA-supplemented yoghurt: effects on circulating eicosanoids and cardiovascular risk factors.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: The study examined the value of n-3 LC-PUFA-enriched yogurt as means of improving cardiovascular health., DESIGN: Fifty three mildly hypertriacylglycerolemic subjects (TAG >= 1.7 mmol/L) participated in a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, parallel designed study. The subjects consumed 1) control yoghurt; 2) yoghurt enriched with 0.8 g n-3 LC-PUFA/d; or 3) yoghurt enriched with 3 g n-3 LC-PUFA/d for a period of 10 wks. Blood samples were taken at the beginning and the end of the study period., RESULTS: Following daily intake of 3 g n-3 LC-PUFA for 10 weeks, n-3 LC-PUFA levels increased significantly in plasma and red blood cells (RBC) with concomitant increase in the EPA-derived mediators (PGE3, 12-, 15-, 18-HEPE) in plasma whilst cardiovascular risk factors such as HDL, TAG, AA/EPA ratio, and n-3 index were improved (P < 0.05); the decrease of TAG and increase in HDL were associated with the CD36 genotype., CONCLUSION: The observed increase of n-3 LC-PUFA in RBC and plasma lipids due to intake of n-3 LC-PUFA enriched yoghurt resulted in a reduction of cardiovascular risk factors and inflammatory mediators showing that daily consumption of n-3 PUFA enriched yoghurt can be an effective way of supplementing the daily diet and improving cardiovascular health. Crown Copyright © 2013. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Antihypertensive effects of bioactive tripeptides-a random effects meta-analysis.; A meta-analysis of possible antihypertensive effects of small doses of bioactive tripeptides isoleucine-proline-proline and valine-proline-proline in commercial milk products or tablets was carried out. A random effects model was used on 19 randomized, placebo-controlled clinical intervention trials (published 1996-October 2010) consisting of about 1500 prehypertensive or mildly hypertensive subjects. The overall blood pressure lowering for systolic blood pressure was -4.0 mmHg (95% CI -5.9 to -2.1 mmHg, P < 0.001) and for diastolic blood pressure -1.9 mmHg (95% CI -3.1 to -0.8 mmHg, P < 0.001). However, a positive effect was not reported in all the studies. The results suggest that rather small daily doses of the lactotripeptides in different functional food products may offer a valuable option as a non-pharmacological treatment of prehypertension or mild hypertension as part of life-style advice.
Effects of milk and milk constituents on postprandial lipid and glucose metabolism in overweight and obese men.; Studies have suggested that two major milk constituents, casein and Ca, favourably affect postprandial responses. However, effects of milk on postprandial metabolism are unknown. We therefore investigated effects of using milk with a fat-containing meal on lipid and glucose responses in overweight men. To identify the constituent responsible for possible effects, we also studied responses to Ca and protein. A total of sixteen men (BMI .27 kg/m2) participated in four postprandial tests. They consumed a breakfast (44 g of fat) plus a drink: a control drink, low-fat milk or a protein and Ca drink (500 ml). Blood samples were taken before the meals and at regular time points during 6 h thereafter. Compared with control, the incremental AUC (iAUC) for serum TAG was increased by 44% after the protein meal (P1/40.015). Although the iAUC were not different (P1/40.051), peak glucose concentrations were reduced by 24% after protein intake, as compared with control (P1/40.021). The decrease of 18% after milk intake did not reach statistical significance. Compared with the milk meal, the iAUC for insulin was 52% lower after the control meal (P1/40.035) and 51% after the protein meal (P1/40.005). The present results indicate that the intake of milk with a fat-containing meal enhances postprandial TAG and insulin responses and may blunt glucose increases. The protein fraction of milk seems to be the main determinant for the effects on TAG and glucose. Ca did not change any of the postprandial responses.
Whole milk intake is associated with prostate cancer-specific mortality among U.S. male physicians.; Previous studies have associated higher milk intake with greater prostate cancer (PCa) incidence, but little data are available concerning milk types and the relation between milk intake and risk of fatal PCa. We investigated the association between intake of dairy products and the incidence and survival of PCa during a 28-y follow-up. We conducted a cohort study in the Physicians' Health Study (n = 21,660) and a survival analysis among the incident PCa cases (n = 2806). Information on dairy product consumption was collected at baseline. PCa cases and deaths (n = 305) were confirmed during follow-up. The intake of total dairy products was associated with increased PCa incidence [HR = 1.12 (95% CI: 0.93, 1.35); >2.5 servings/d vs. <=0.5 servings/d]. Skim/low-fat milk intake was positively associated with risk of low-grade, early stage, and screen-detected cancers, whereas whole milk intake was associated only with fatal PCa [HR = 1.49 (95% CI: 0.97, 2.28); >=237 mL/d (1 serving/d) vs. rarely consumed]. In the survival analysis, whole milk intake remained associated with risk of progression to fatal disease after diagnosis [HR = 2.17 (95% CI: 1.34, 3.51)]. In this prospective cohort, higher intake of skim/low-fat milk was associated with a greater risk of nonaggressive PCa. Most importantly, only whole milk was consistently associated with higher incidence of fatal PCa in the entire cohort and higher PCa-specific mortality among cases. These findings add further evidence to suggest the potential role of dairy products in the development and prognosis of PCa.
Children successfully treated for moderate acute malnutrition remain at risk for malnutrition and death in the subsequent year after recovery.; Moderate acute malnutrition (MAM) affects 11% of children <5 y old worldwide and increases their risk for morbidity and mortality. It is assumed that successful treatment of MAM reduces these risks. A total of 1967 children aged 6-59 mo successfully treated for MAM in rural Malawi following randomized treatment with corn-soy blend plus milk and oil (CSB++), soy ready-to-use supplementary food (RUSF), or soy/whey RUSF were followed for 12 mo. The initial supplementary food was given until the child reached a weight-for-height Z-score (WHZ) >-2. The median duration of feeding was 2 wk, with a maximum of 12 wk. The hypothesis tested was that children treated with either RUSF would be more likely to remain well-nourished than those treated with CSB++. The primary outcome, remaining well-nourished, was defined as mid-upper arm circumference >=12.5 cm or WHZ >=-2 for the entire duration of follow-up. During the 12-mo follow-up period, only 1230 (63%) children remained well-nourished, 334 (17%) relapsed to MAM, 190 (10%) developed severe acute malnutrition, 74 (4%) died, and 139 (7%) were lost to follow-up. Children who were treated with soy/whey RUSF were more likely to remain well-nourished (67%) than those treated with CSB++ (62%) or soy RUSF (59%) (P = 0.01). A seasonal pattern of food insecurity and adverse clinical outcomes was observed. This study demonstrates that children successfully treated for MAM with soy/whey RUSF are more likely to remain well-nourished; however, all children successfully treated for MAM remain vulnerable.
Effect of consuming salad and yogurt as preload on body weight management and cardiovascular risk factors: a randomized clinical trial.; Few investigations reported the reductive effect of preload consuming on energy intake. The objective of the study was to compare the effects of consuming a mix of low glycaemic index foods such as vegetable salad, yogurt and water before or with meal on anthropometric measures and cardio vascular diseases (CVD) risks. In this randomized controlled clinical trial, 25 men and 35 women were recruited to consume similar amounts of macronutrients within a hypocaloric diet for 3 months. Although subjects in the preload group consumed preload 15 min before the main meal, subjects in the control group consumed them with meal. The results showed that body weight, waist circumference, triglyceride, total cholesterol and systolic blood pressure decreased in more amount in the preload group ( - 7.8 +/- 0.5%, - 2.7 +/- 0.2%, - 5.7 +/- 1.1%, - 3.1 +/- 0.53% and - 4.4 +/- 0.4%, respectively; p < 0.05 for all). Fasting blood sugar and low density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol decreased significantly only in the preload group. Consuming vegetable salad, yogurt and water as preload leads to greater changes in anthropometric measures and CVD risks.
Association of nutrient-dense snack combinations with calories and vegetable intake.; BACKGROUND: With other factors such as general diet and insufficient exercise, eating non-nutrient dense snack foods such as potato chips contributes to childhood obesity. We examined whether children consumed fewer calories when offered high-nutrient dense snacks consisting of cheese and vegetables than children who were offered non-nutrient dense snacks (ie, potato chips)., METHODS: Two hundred one children (115 girls) entering the third to sixth grades were randomly assigned to 1 of 4 snacking conditions: (1) potato chips only, (2) cheese-only, (3) vegetables only, and (4) cheese and vegetables. Children were allowed to eat snacks freely provided while watching 45-minute TV programs. Satiety was measured before they started eating snacks, in the middle of the study, and 20 minutes after they finished eating the snacks. Parents completed a questionnaire regarding their family environment., RESULTS: Children consumed 72% fewer calories when eating a combined snack compared with when they were served potato chips, P < .001. Children who ate the combination snack needed significantly fewer calories to achieve satiety than those who ate potato chips, P < .001. The effects of the snack conditions on caloric intake were more pronounced among overweight or obese children (P = .02) and those from low-involvement families (P = .049), CONCLUSIONS: The combination snack of vegetables and cheese can be an effective means for children to reduce caloric intake while snacking. The effect was more pronounced among children who were overweight or obese and children from low-involvement families.
No differences between Calendula cream and aqueous cream in the prevention of acute radiation skin reactions--results from a randomised blinded trial.; PURPOSE: The purpose of this blinded, randomized clinical trial was to compare two topical agents (Calendula Weleda cream vs. Essex cream) in reducing the risk of severe acute radiation skin reactions (ARSR) in relation to adjuvant radiotherapy (RT) for breast cancer., METHOD: The primary endpoint was the difference in proportion of patients with ARSR, assessed with the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group/The Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer Acute Radiation Morbidity Scoring Criteria (RTOG/EORTC scale) at follow-up. The secondary endpoints included patient reported outcome measures; Quality of Life Questionnaire (QLQ-C30), Sleep disturbances (MOS-sleep questionnaire) and symptoms from the irradiated area (visual analogue scale). Patients' experiences and adherence to the topical agents were also evaluated., RESULTS: A total of 420 patients were randomised and 411 were analysed. With the exception of previous chemotherapy, the treatment groups were well balanced, both regarding treatment- and patient-related factors. The incidence of severe ARSR (RTOG/EORTC grade <=2) at the follow-up visit was 23% (n = 45) in the Calendula group and 19% (n = 38) in the Essex group. We found no difference in severe ARSR between the groups at any point of assessment. The patients reported low levels of skin related symptoms and no statistically significant differences between the groups were found., CONCLUSIONS: No differences in ARSR between patients randomised to Calendula or Essex cream was found. ARSR seem to be a relatively limited problem, probably more influenced by treatment related factors than by choice of skin care products in this patient group. Copyright © 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
A 6-month trial of resistance training with milk supplementation in adolescents: effects on body composition.; Fluid milk consumed in conjunction with resistance training (RT) provides additional protein and calcium, which may enhance the effect of RT on body composition. However, the literature on this topic is inconsistent with limited data in adolescents. Therefore, we examined the effects of a supervised RT program (6 mo, 3 d/ wk, 7 exercises, 40-85% 1-repetition maximum) with daily milk supplementation (24 oz/day, one 16-oz dose immediately post-RT) on weight, fat mass (FM), and fat-free mass (FFM) assessed via dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (baseline, 3 mo, 6 mo) in a sample of middle-school students who were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 supplement groups: milk, isocaloric carbohydrate (100% fruit juice), or water (control). Thirty-nine boys and 69 girls (mean age = 13.6 yr, mean BMI percentile = 85th) completed the study: milk n = 36, juice n = 34, water n = 38. The results showed no significant differences between groups for change in body weight (milk = 3.4 +/- 3.7 kg, juice = 4.2 +/- 3.1 kg, water = 2.3 +/-2.9 kg), FM (milk = 1.1 +/-2.8 kg, juice = 1.6 +/- 2.5 kg, water = 0.4 +/-3.6 kg), or FFM (milk = 2.2 +/- 1.9 kg, juice = 2.7 +/- 1.9 kg, water = 1.7 +/- 2.9 kg) over 6 mo. FFM accounted for a high proportion of the increased weight (milk = 62%, juice = 64%, water = 74%). These results from a sample of predominantly overweight adolescents do not support the hypothesis that RT with milk supplementation enhances changes in body composition compared with RT alone.
Topical vitamin K1 may not be effective in preventing acneiform rash during cetuximab treatment in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer.; BACKGROUND: Several studies have described the efficacy of topical vitamin K1 cream in the prevention and treatment of acneiform rash during cetuximab treatment., OBJECTIVES: An interventional study with a historical control was conducted to investigate the efficacy of vitamin K1 cream for acneiform rash associated with cetuximab., METHODS: For the historical control, data were collected from 40 patients with metastatic colorectal cancer who had participated in a previous clinical trial of cetuximab plus irinotecan. The experimental group consisted of 61 patients who were instructed to prophylactically apply topical vitamin K1 cream beginning on the first day of cetuximab treatment. The incidence, severity, and time to occurrence of acneiform rash were compared between groups., RESULTS: The incidence of grade>=2 acneiform rash after 4 weeks of cetuximab treatment was 42.5% in the historical control group and 55.5% in the experimental group. The median time to grade>=2 rash in the experimental group was 4 weeks compared to 6 weeks in the historical control group (p=0.340). By multivariate analysis, male gender was the only independent risk factor for grade 2 or worse acneiform rash (HR=2.49; 95% CI, 1.27-4.88; p=0.007). Prophylactic application of topical vitamin K1 cream did not decrease the risk of acneiform rash (HR=1.33; 95% CI, 0.57-3.10; p=0.507)., CONCLUSIONS: The prophylactic application of topical vitamin K1 cream did not translate into clinically meaningful benefit in terms of reducing acneiform rash in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer treated with cetuximab.
Orally administered whey proteins have comparable effect on C-peptide secretion in healthy subjects as standard C-peptide stimulation tests.; Our study compared total C-peptide secretion after administration of whey proteins and whey proteins in combination with glucose with results of classical tests assessing beta cell function in the pancreas of healthy individuals. Eight young, healthy (7 males, 1 female; aged 20-26 years), non-obese (BMI: 17-25.9 kg/m2) participants with normal glucose tolerance underwent six C-peptide secretion tests. Three secretion tests measured C-peptide response to orally administered substances: whey proteins only (OWT), whey proteins with glucose (OWGT) and glucose only (OGTT); while three secretion tests measured C-peptide response to intravenously administered substances: arginine (AST), glucagon (GST) and glucose (IVGTT). OWT stimulated a greater (93 %, p<0.05) C-peptide response than AST and a 64 % smaller response (p<0.05) than OGTT. OWT also showed lower variability (p<0.05) in C-peptide responses compared to OWGT and OGTT. The greatest total C-peptide response was induced by OWGT (36 % higher than glucose). OWT consistently increased C-peptide concentrations with lower individual variability, while insignificantly increasing glucose levels. Results of this study suggest that both dietology and beta-cells capacity testing could take advantage of the unique property of whey proteins to induce C-peptide secretion.
Epidemiology of acne vulgaris.; Despite acne being an almost universal condition in younger people, relatively little is known about its epidemiology. We sought to review what is known about the distribution and causes of acne by conducting a systematic review of relevant epidemiological studies. We searched Medline and Embase to the end of November 2011. The role of Propionibacterium acnes in pathogenesis is unclear: antibiotics have a direct antimicrobial as well as an anti-inflammatory effect. Moderate-to-severe acne affects around 20% of young people and severity correlates with pubertal maturity. Acne may be presenting at a younger age because of earlier puberty. It is unclear if ethnicity is truly associated with acne. Black individuals are more prone to postinflammatory hyperpigmentation and specific subtypes such as 'pomade acne'. Acne persists into the 20s and 30s in around 64% and 43% of individuals, respectively. The heritability of acne is almost 80% in first-degree relatives. Acne occurs earlier and is more severe in those with a positive family history. Suicidal ideation is more common in those with severe compared with mild acne. In the U.S.A., the cost of acne is over 3 billion dollars per year in terms of treatment and loss of productivity. A systematic review in 2005 found no clear evidence of dietary components increasing acne risk. One small randomized controlled trial showed that low glycaemic index (GI) diets can lower acne severity. A possible association between dairy food intake and acne requires closer scrutiny. Natural sunlight or poor hygiene are not associated. The association between smoking and acne is probably due to confounding. Validated core outcomes in future studies will help in combining future evidence. Copyright © 2012 The Authors. BJD © 2012 British Association of Dermatologists.
Effect of soy protein and isoflavones on blood pressure and endothelial cytokines: a 6-month randomized controlled trial among postmenopausal women.; BACKGROUND: Despite data from animal models and observational studies that are generally supportive for the soy/isoflavones lowering blood pressure (BP) and improving vascular function, the current findings from clinical trials are still inconclusive., OBJECTIVES: To examine whether soy protein with isoflavones or isoflavones alone reduce BP and endothelial cytokines, and whether the effects differed by baseline BP level., METHODS: A double-blind randomized, placebo-controlled trial was conducted among 180 postmenopausal Chinese women with mild hyperglycemia. Participants were randomly assigned to one of the three arms to receive either 15 g soy protein and 100 mg isoflavones (Soy group), or 15 g milk protein and 100 mg isoflavones (Iso group), or 15 g milk protein (placebo group) on a daily basis for 6 months., RESULTS: No significant difference was observed in the change and %change of BP and endothelial cytokine levels among the three study groups. However, a subgroup analysis among 130 pre and hypertensive women suggested that soy protein and isoflavones significantly reduced SBP [-4.25%, 95% confidence interval (CI) -7.9 to -0.6%, P = 0.02] and the level of soluble intercellular adhesion molecule (sICAM)-1 (-22.6%, 95% CI -42.8 to -2.3%, P = 0.02) relative to milk protein after 6-month intervention., CONCLUSIONS: Our 6-month randomized controlled trial in prediabetic postmenopausal women indicated that soy protein and isoflavones had no significant effect on BP and endothelial molecules; however, a favorable reduction on SBP, sICAM-1 and E-selectin was observed among women with initial elevated BP.
Human milk fortification with differing amounts of fortifier and its association with growth and metabolic responses in preterm infants.; BACKGROUND: Fortification of human milk (HM) is a common clinical practice to adapt breast milk to the nutritional needs of very low birth weight (VLBW) infants. The optimal method for HM fortification remains to be determined, and a variety of protocols are currently used in neonatal intensive care units., OBJECTIVE: It is believed that standard fortification is insufficient to meet the needs of VLBW infants. Therefore, we designed a randomized prospective study that investigated the effects of varying levels of blind fortification on short-term growth and metabolic responses of preterm infants., METHODS: Eligible infants were randomized into 3 groups: standard fortification (SF), moderate fortification (MF), and aggressive fortification (AF). Short-term growth, feeding intolerance, and urea, calcium, phosphorus, and alkaline phosphatase levels were assessed., RESULTS: There were 26, 29, and 29 infants in the SF, MF, and AF groups, respectively. The baseline characteristics of the groups were similar. Daily weight gain and length at discharge did not differ among the groups; however, head circumference was significantly higher in the MF and AF groups compared with the SF group. Urea, calcium, phosphorus, and alkaline phosphatase levels were similar between the groups., CONCLUSION: We demonstrated that blind fortification of HM, even with higher amounts than recommended by manufacturers, did not cause any measured adverse effects on the metabolic response of preterm infants. Anthropometric measurements (except head circumference) were not different between the different dosages of fortification.
Effect of soybean protein on novel cardiovascular disease risk factors: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in the United States and the world. Clinical trials have suggested that soybean protein lowers lipids and blood pressure. The effect of soybean protein on novel CVD risk factors has not been well studied. The objective of this study was to examine the effect of soybean protein on biomarkers of inflammation, endothelial dysfunction and adipocytokines., SUBJECTS/METHODS: The effect of 8 weeks of 40 g of soybean protein supplement (89.3 mg isoflavones), 40 g of milk protein supplement and 40 g of complex carbohydrate placebo was examined in a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, three-phase crossover trial among adults in New Orleans, Louisiana and Jackson, Mississippi. Plasma levels of inflammation biomarkers (C-reactive protein, interleukin-6, tumor necrosis factor-alpha), endothelial dysfunction biomarkers (E-selectin, intercellular adhesion molecule-1, vascular cell adhesion molecule-1, thrombomodulin) and adipocytokines (high-molecular weight adiponectin, leptin, resistin) were measured at baseline and at the end of each intervention using immunoturbidimetric and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay techniques., RESULTS: Soy protein supplementation resulted in a significant mean net change (95% confidence interval) in plasma E-selectin of -3.93 ng/ml (-7.05 to -0.81 ng/ml; P=0.014) compared with milk protein, and in plasma leptin of -2089.8 pg/ml (-3689.3 to -490.3 pg/ml; P=0.011) compared with carbohydrate. There were no significant changes in any other risk factors., CONCLUSIONS: Soy protein supplementation may reduce levels of E-selectin and leptin. Further research is warranted to investigate the mechanisms through which protein may confer protective effects on novel CVD risk factors.
Effect of daily consumption of probiotic yoghurt on insulin resistance in pregnant women: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Owing to excess body weight and increased secretion of inflammatory cytokines primarily during the third trimester, pregnancy is associated with elevated insulin resistance. To our knowledge, no report is available indicating the effects of probiotic yoghurt consumption on serum insulin levels in pregnant women. This study was designed to determine the effects of daily consumption of probiotic yoghurt on insulin resistance and serum insulin levels of Iranian pregnant women., SUBJECTS/METHODS: In this randomized controlled clinical trial, 70 primigravida pregnant women with singleton pregnancy at their third trimester were participated. We randomly assigned participants to consume 200 g per day of conventional (n=33) or the probiotic group (n=37) for 9 weeks. The probiotic yoghurt was a commercially available product prepared with the starter cultures of Streptococcus thermophilus and Lactobacillus bulgaricus, enriched with probiotic culture of two strains of lactobacilli (Lactobacillus acidophilus LA5) and bifidobacteria (Bifidobacterium animalis BB12) with a total of min 1 x 107 colony-forming units. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after 9-week intervention to measure fasting plasma glucose and serum insulin levels. Homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was used to calculate insulin resistance score., RESULTS: Although consumption of probiotic yogurt for 9 weeks did not affect serum insulin levels and HOMA-IR score, significant differences were found comparing changes in these variables between probiotic and conventional yogurts (changes from baseline in serum insulin levels: +1.2+/-1.2 vs +5.0+/-1.1 muIU/ml, respectively, P=0.02; and in HOMA-IR score: -0.2+/-0.3 vs 0.7+/-0.2, respectively, P=0.01)., CONCLUSIONS: It is concluded that in contrast to conventional yogurt, daily consumption of probiotic yogurt for 9 weeks maintains serum insulin levels and might help pregnant women prevent developing insulin resistance.
Acute effects of postprandial aerobic exercise on glucose and lipoprotein metabolism in healthy young women.; AIM: To investigate the acute effects of postprandial exercise on glucose and lipoprotein metabolism after the intake of glucose with or without fat cream in healthy but sedentary young women., METHODS: Healthy young Japanese women with a sedentary lifestyle, normal weight (18.5<=BMI<25), normal ovarian cycle, and apolipoprotein (apo) E3/3 were enrolled as participants. They ingested 1 g/kg body weight of glucose only or glucose supplemented with 1 g/kg oral fat tolerance test (OFTT) cream 4 (0.35 g/kg as fat) with or without postprandial walking exercise on a motorized treadmill (ca. 50%V(.)o(2)max for 30 min) 20 min after intake of the beverage. Each subject performed 4 trials in a randomized, cross-over design. Venous blood was drawn before (0 h), and 20 min, 1, 2, 4, and 6 h after ingestion., RESULTS: Postprandial exercise alleviated the sharp rise of serum glucose and insulin, and transiently mitigated the decrease of free fatty acids (FFA) after ingestion of the glucose-only beverage. Although no fat was contained in the glucose beverage, transient apoB48 secretion was observed without the rise of serum triglyceride (TG) and remnant-like particle (RLP)-TG, suggesting that apoB48-containing lipoprotein particles with little TG were released by the exercise. Serum apoB48 concentrations at 6 h had decreased to levels lower than the baseline (0 h, after 12-h overnight fast) with or without exercise, suggesting that the 12-h overnight fast may not have been a 'true' fast. Similarly, postprandial exercise suppressed the sharp rise of serum glucose and insulin, and transiently mitigated the decrease of FFA after the ingestion of glucose with OFTT cream. Postprandial exercise stimulated the transient secretion of apoB48-containing TG-rich lipoproteins (TRL) with a rapid rise of serum apoB48, TG, and RLP-TG; however, the subsequent course of lipemia was not significantly changed. Serum apoB48 and RLP-TG values did not return to the baseline even after 6 h, suggesting that postprandial lipoprotein metabolism was not finished at the end of the experiment., CONCLUSION: Postprandial aerobic exercise alleviated the glycemic peak at 1 h associated with insulin 'sparing'. The effect of exercise on fat metabolism was transient, enhancing the secretion of intestinal TRL at an early phase, but no further significant effects were observed. Postprandial exercise transiently stimulated the secretion of apoB48 after glucose intake without a fat load.
Watching a food-related television show and caloric intake. A laboratory study.; Television watching has been positively associated with overeating and obesity. How popular food-related television shows affects eating behavior has not been examined. An experimental study was conducted to examine how exposure to a food-related television program affects amount and type of food consumed in adults (N=80). Participants were randomized to watch a cooking or nature television program and were then presented with 800 total calories of chocolate covered candies, cheese curls, and carrots. Food was weighed before and after the ad libitum eating session to determine amount consumed. After controlling for dietary restraint, hunger and food preference, significantly more chocolate covered candies were consumed among individuals who watched the cooking program compared to the nature program. No significant differences between conditions were found for overall caloric intake or for cheese curl or carrot consumption. Findings suggest that watching food-related television programs may affect eating behavior and has implications for obesity prevention and intervention efforts. Copyright © 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Lipidomic profiling of chylomicron triacylglycerols in response to high fat meals.; Using lipidomic methodologies the impact that meal lipid composition and metabolic syndrome (MetS) exerts on the postprandial chylomicron triacylglycerol (TAG) response was examined. Males (9 control; 11 MetS) participated in a randomised crossover trial ingesting two high fat breakfast meals composed of either dairy-based foods or vegetable oil-based foods. The postprandial lipidomic molecular composition of the TAG in the chylomicron-rich (CM) fraction was analysed with tandem mass spectrometry coupled with liquid chromatography to profile CM TAG species and targeted TAG regioisomers. Postprandial CM TAG concentrations were significantly lower after the dairy-based foods compared with the vegetable oil-based foods for both control and MetS subjects. The CM TAG response to the ingested meals involved both significant and differential depletion of TAG species containing shorter- and medium-chain fatty acids (FA) and enrichment of TAG molecular species containing C16 and C18 saturated, monounsaturated and diunsaturated FA. Furthermore, there were significant changes in the TAG species between the food TAG and CM TAG and between the 3- and 5-h postprandial samples for the CM TAG regioisomers. Unexpectedly, the postprandial CM TAG concentration and CM TAG lipidomic responses did not differ between the control and MetS subjects. Lipidomic analysing of CM TAG molecular species revealed dynamic changes in the molecular species of CM TAG during the postprandial phase suggesting either preferential CM TAG species formation and/or clearance.
Acute and second-meal effects of peanuts on glycaemic response and appetite in obese women with high type 2 diabetes risk: a randomised cross-over clinical trial.; Nut consumption is associated with a reduced risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The aim of the present study was to assess the effects of adding peanuts (whole or peanut butter) on first (0-240 min)- and second (240-490 min)-meal glucose metabolism and selected gut satiety hormone responses, appetite ratings and food intake in obese women with high T2DM risk. A group of fifteen women participated in a randomised cross-over clinical trial in which 42.5 g of whole peanuts without skins (WP), peanut butter (PB) or no peanuts (control) were added to a 75 g available carbohydrate-matched breakfast meal. Postprandial concentrations (0-490 min) of glucose, insulin, NEFA, glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1), peptide YY (PYY), cholecystokinin (CCK), appetitive sensations and food intake were assessed after breakfast treatments and a standard lunch. Postprandial NEFA incremental AUC (IAUC) (0-240 min) and glucose IAUC (240-490 min) responses were lower for the PB breakfast compared with the control breakfast. Insulin concentrations were higher at 120 and 370 min after the PB consumption than after the control consumption. Desire-to-eat ratings were lower, while PYY, GLP-1 and CCK concentrations were higher after the PB intake compared with the control intake. WP led to similar but non-significant effects. The addition of PB to breakfast moderated postprandial glucose and NEFA concentrations, enhanced gut satiety hormone secretion and reduced the desire to eat. The greater bioaccessibility of the lipid component in PB is probably responsible for the observed incremental post-ingestive responses between the nut forms. Inclusion of PB, and probably WP, to breakfast may help to moderate glucose concentrations and appetite in obese women.
Food characteristics, long-term habituation and energy intake. Laboratory and field studies.; Greater food variety is related to increased energy intake, and one approach to reduce food intake is to reduce food variety. The effects of varying the variety of foods at the dinner meal to reduce energy intake was assessed in laboratory and field experiments. Experiment 1 randomly assigned 31 overweight children to one of three conditions that provided one laboratory meal per day over a week. Conditions were the SAME macaroni and cheese, SIMILAR types of macaroni and cheese, or a VARIETY of high-energy-dense foods. On days 1 and 5 all children consumed the same macaroni and cheese meal. Results showed significant differences in energy consumed between SAME and SIMILAR versus VARIETY from day 1 to 5, with SAME and SIMILAR decreasing and VARIETY increasing energy intake. Trials to habituation, a potential mechanism for the variety effect, showed the same pattern of between group differences as energy intake. Experiment 2 randomly assigned 30 overweight children to conditions that provided the SAME, SIMILAR or VARIETY of high-energy-dense entrees along with a variety of low-energy-dense dinner entrees to eat in their homes for 4 weeks. Results showed significant between group differences in energy intake across weeks, with significant decreases over weeks for the SAME and SIMILAR versus VARIETY groups. The pattern of results across the experiments shows the same pattern of reduction in energy intake if children eat the same or similar characteristics of foods (types of macaroni and cheese), which may provide ideas about how to develop dietary variety prescriptions that can reduce intake and be tested in clinical trials. Copyright © 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effects of 12 weeks' treatment with a proton pump inhibitor on insulin secretion, glucose metabolism and markers of cardiovascular risk in patients with type 2 diabetes: a randomised double-blind prospective placebo-controlled study.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Recent studies suggest that proton pump inhibitor treatment may increase insulin secretion and improve glucose metabolism in type 2 diabetes. In a randomised double-blind prospective placebo-controlled 2 x 2 factorial study, we examined the effect of esomeprazole on insulin secretion, HbA(1c) and cardiovascular risk factors in type 2 diabetes., METHODS: Forty-one patients with type 2 diabetes using dietary control or oral glucose-lowering treatment were randomised to receive add-on esomeprazole 40 mg (n = 20) or placebo (n = 21) for 12 weeks. Randomisation was carried out prior to inclusion on the basis of a computer-generated random-number list. The allocation sequence was concealed in sealed envelopes from the researcher enrolling and assessing participants. The study was undertaken at Steno Diabetes Center, Gentofte, Denmark. The primary outcome was change in AUC for insulin levels during a meal test. Secondary outcomes were the levels of HbA(1c) and biochemical markers of cardiovascular risk, including lipids, coagulation factors, inflammation markers, markers of endothelial function and 24 h ambulatory BP measurements., RESULTS: Forty-one participants were analysed. In the esomeprazole-treated group the AUC for insulin did not change (before vs after treatment: 28,049 +/- 17,659 vs 27,270 +/- 32,004 pmol/l x min (p = 0.838). In the placebo group AUC for insulin decreased from 27,392 +/- 14,348 pmol/l x min to 22,938 +/- 11,936 pmol/l x min (p = 0.002). Esomeprazole treatment (n = 20) caused a ninefold increase in the AUC for gastrin. HbA(1c) increased from 7.0 +/- 0.6% (53 +/- 5 mmol/mol) to 7.3 +/- 0.8% (56 +/- 6 mmol/mol) in the esomeprazole-treated group and from 7.0 +/- 0.6% (53 +/- 5 mmol/mol) to 7.4 +/- 0.8% (57 +/- 6 mmol/mol) in the placebo group (n = 21) (p for difference in change >0.05). Except for BP, there were no differences between the groups in the markers of cardiovascular risk (p > 0.05). Monitoring of 24 h ambulatory BP showed a significant decrease in daytime systolic BP, daytime diastolic BP and 24 h diastolic BP in the placebo group (p < 0.05). No change in BP was seen in the patients treated with esomeprazole., CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Treatment with esomeprazole over 12 weeks did not improve insulin secretion, glycaemic control or cardiovascular disease biomarkers in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Sheep cheese naturally enriched in alpha-linolenic, conjugated linoleic and vaccenic acids improves the lipid profile and reduces anandamide in the plasma of hypercholesterolaemic subjects.; Intake of dairy fat has long been considered as a risk factor for CVD. Pasture and dietary lipid supplementation have been reported to be reliable strategies in ruminant nutrition, in order to increase the content of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) and vaccenic acid (VA), and decrease SFA in milk fat. In the present study, we aimed at verifying whether consumption of a sheep cheese, naturally enriched in ALA, CLA and VA, would modify the plasma lipid and endocannabinoid profiles in mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects. A total of forty-two adult volunteers (nineteen males and twenty-three females) with diagnosed mildly hypercholesterolaemia (total cholesterol 5.68-7.49 mmol/l) were randomly assigned to eat 90 g/d of a control or enriched cheese for 3 weeks, with a cross-over after 3 weeks of washout. Plasma lipids, endocannabinoids, adipokines and inflammatory markers were measured. The intake of enriched cheese significantly increased the plasma concentrations of CLA, VA, the n-3 fatty acids ALA and EPA, and more remarkably decreased that of the endocannabinoid anandamide. LDL-cholesterol decreased significantly (7%). No changes were detected in the levels of inflammatory markers; however, a significant correlation was found between the plasma levels of anandamide and leptin. The control cheese modified none of the parameters measured. The results obtained do not support the view that intake of dairy fat is detrimental to hypercholesterolaemic subjects. Indeed, they show that a naturally enriched cheese possesses beneficial properties, since it ameliorates the plasma lipid profile, and more remarkably reduces endocannabinoid biosynthesis.
The prevalence and potential determinants of obesity among school children and adolescents in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.; OBJECTIVES: To estimate the prevalence and determinants of obesity in childhood and adolescence and their association with blood pressure (BP) in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates (UAE)., DESIGN: A cross-sectional population-representative study., SUBJECTS: A total of 1541 students (grades 1-12; aged 6-19 years) were randomly selected from 246 schools (50% male). Anthropometric and demographic variables were measured, and CDC criteria were used to classify children's weights., RESULTS: A total of 1440 (93%) students provided complete results. Crude prevalences were: 7.6% underweight, 14.7% overweight and 18.9% obesity. Further analyses were restricted to UAE nationals (n=1035), of whom these figures were: 8.3% underweight (females 6.5%, males 10.1%; P=0.06), 14.2% overweight (females 16.7%, males 11.6%; P<0.01), 19.8% obesity (females 18.1%, males 21.4%; P=0.09). Obesity significantly (P<0.001) increased with age. The majority (61.3%) of students had body mass index (BMI) percentiles above the 50th CDC percentile. Stepwise linear regression of BMI percentile on age, sex, dairy consumption, exercise and family income showed a significant (P<0.01) positive association with age and lack of dairy consumption, but not exercise and income. BP significantly (P<0.01) increased with BMI percentile., CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of childhood obesity is high across the age spectrum in the UAE. Older age, male sex, lack of dairy intake and higher parental BMI, are independent determinants of childhood obesity in this population. Higher BMI percentile is associated with a higher BP. Prevention strategies should focus on younger children, particularly children of obese parents. Longitudinal studies are needed to investigate trends and the impact of childhood obesity on the risk of non-communicable diseases.
Comparable reduction in cholesterol absorption after two different ways of phytosterol administration in humans.; PURPOSE: Consumption of phytosterols is a nutritional strategy to reduce cholesterol absorption, but the efficacy of various phytosterol intake modalities remains uncertain. The main objective was to investigate the effects of phytosterol esters (PE) provided either as a spread (dispersed in fat) during a mixed meal or as a minidrink (micro-dispersed in liquid form) after a meal., METHODS: In a randomized, single-blinded crossover design, 12 healthy intubated volunteers tested three different liquid meal sequences with and without PE. The liquid meal (500 mL, Fortisip) contained an oral dose (80 mg) of deuterium-enriched cholesterol (D7C). The intubation was stopped at 240 min, and the fate of sterols was determined in the different phases of duodenal content samples as function of time. A second solid fat-containing meal without sterols was consumed at 270 min. D7C was quantified in chylomicrons and plasma for 8 h. The conditions tested were as follows: (1) no PE added (control), (2) PE in a spread added into a liquid meal (PE-spread meal) and (3) PE given 30 min after a liquid meal as 100-g yoghurt drink (PE-minidrink meal)., RESULTS: Addition of PE decreased the incorporation of cholesterol into the duodenum aqueous phase including micelles. PE added as a spread or as a minidrink significantly and comparably lowered meal cholesterol occurrence in chylomicrons (-40 % for PE-spread and -54 % for PE-minidrink, p < 0.0001) compared with the control meal., CONCLUSIONS: PE either dispersed in fat during a meal or micro-dispersed in a liquid form after a meal resulted in a markedly reduced occurrence of meal-derived cholesterol in the circulation at a comparable extent.
Milk phospholipid and plant sterol-dependent modulation of plasma lipids in healthy volunteers.; PURPOSE: Hypolipidemic and/or hypocholesterolemic effects are presumed for dietary milk phospholipid (PL) as well as plant sterol (PSt) supplementation. The aim was to induce changes in plasma lipid profile by giving different doses of milk PL and a combination of milk PL with PSt to healthy volunteers., METHODS: In an open-label intervention study, 14 women received dairy products enriched with moderate (3 g PL/day) or high (6 g PL/day) dose of milk PL or a high dose of milk PL combined with PSt (6 g PL/day + 2 g PSt/day) during 3 periods each lasting 10 days., RESULTS: Total cholesterol concentration and HDL cholesterol concentration were reduced following supplementation with 3 g PL/day. No significant change in LDL cholesterol concentration was found compared with baseline. High PL dose resulted in an increase of LDL cholesterol and unchanged HDL cholesterol compared with moderate PL dose. The LDL/HDL ratio and triglyceride concentration remained constant within the study. Except for increased phosphatidyl ethanolamine concentrations, plasma PL concentrations were not altered during exclusive PL supplementations. A combined high-dose PL and PSt supplementation led to decreased plasma LDL cholesterol concentration, decreased PL excretion, increased plasma sphingomyelin/phosphatidyl choline ratio, and significant changes in plasma fatty acid distribution compared with exclusive high-dose PL supplementation., CONCLUSION: Milk PL supplementations influence plasma cholesterol concentrations, but without changes of LDL/HDL ratio. A combined high-dose milk PL and PSt supplementation decreases plasma LDL cholesterol concentration, but it probably enforces absorption of fatty acids or fatty acid-containing hydrolysis products that originated during lipid digestion.
Phytosterol supplementation does not affect plasma antioxidant capacity in patients with metabolic syndrome.; Several studies have observed decreased levels of lipophilic antioxidants after supplementation with phytosterols and stanols. The aim of this study was to examine the effect of phytosterol supplementation on plasma total antioxidant capacity in patients with metabolic syndrome. In a parallel arm, randomized placebo-controlled design, 108 patients with metabolic syndrome were assigned to consume yogurt beverage which provided 4 g of phytosterols per day or yogurt beverage without phytosterols. The duration of the study was 2 months and the patients in both groups followed their habitual westernized type diet. Blood samples were drawn at baseline and after 2 months, and the total antioxidant capacity of plasma was measured using the ferric reducing antioxidant power of plasma and oxygen radical absorbance capacity assays. After 2 months of intervention, plasma total antioxidant capacity did not differ between and within the intervention and the control groups. Phytosterol supplementation does not affect plasma antioxidant status.
Optimized rapeseed oil enriched with healthy micronutrients: a relevant nutritional approach to prevent cardiovascular diseases. Results of the Optim'Oils randomized intervention trial.; Rapeseeds are naturally rich in cardioprotective micronutrients but refining leads to substantial losses or the production of undesirable compounds. The Optim'Oils European project proposed innovative refining conditions to produce an optimized rapeseed oil enriched in micronutrients and low in trans linolenic acid. We aimed to investigate cardioprotective properties of this Optimized oil. In a randomized, double-blind, controlled, cross-over study, 59 healthy normolipidaemic men consumed either Optimized or Standard rapeseed oils (20 g/d) and margarines (22 g/d) for 3 weeks. The Optimized oil reduced the trans FA concentration (p=0.009) and increased the contents of alpha-tocopherol (p=0.022) and coenzyme Q10 (p<0.001) in comparison with the Standard oil. Over the 3-week trial, Total-/HDL-cholesterol and LDL-/HDL-cholesterol were increased by 4% (p<0.05) with the Standard oil consumption whereas none of them rose with the Optimized rapeseed oil which increased the HDL-cholesterol and ApoA1 plasma content (+2%, NS and +3%, p<0.05 respectively). The effects observed on the plasma HDL-cholesterol levels (p=0.059), the Total-/HDL-cholesterol ratio (p=0.092), and on the ApoA1 concentrations (p=0.060) suggest an improvement of the cholesterol profile with the Optimized rapeseed oil. Finally, the Optimized oil reduced the plasma content of LDLox (-6%, NS), this effect being significantly different from the Standard oil (p=0.050). In conclusion, reasonable intake of an Optimized rapeseed oil resulting from innovative refining processes and enriched in cardioprotective micronutrients represent a relevant nutritional approach to prevent the risk of cardiovascular diseases by improving the cholesterol profile and reducing LDL oxidation. Copyright © 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Acute effects of ingestion of a novel whey-derived extract on vascular endothelial function in overweight, middle-aged men and women.; Whey protein intake reduces CVD risk, but little is known whether whey-derived bioactive peptides regulate vascular endothelial function (VEF). We determined the impact of a whey-derived extract (NOP-47) on VEF in individuals with an increased cardiovascular risk profile. Men and women with impaired brachial artery flow-mediated dilation (FMD) (n 21, age 55 (sem 1.3) years, BMI 27.8 (sem 0.6) kg/m2, FMD 3.7 (sem 0.4) %) completed a randomised, cross-over study to examine whether ingestion of NOP-47 (5 g) improves postprandial VEF. Brachial artery FMD, plasma amino acids, insulin, and endothelium-derived vasodilators and vasoconstrictors were measured for 2 h after ingestion of NOP-47 or placebo. Acute NOP-47 ingestion increased FMD at 30 min (4.6 (sem 0.5) %) and 120 min (5.1 (sem 0.5) %) post-ingestion (P< 0.05, time x trial interaction), and FMD responses at 120 min were significantly greater in the NOP-47 trial compared with placebo (4.3 (sem 0.5) %). Plasma amino acids increased at 30 min following NOP-47 ingestion (P< 0.05). Serum insulin increased at 15, 30 and 60 min (P< 0.001) following NOP-47 ingestion. No changes were observed between the trials for plasma NO. and prostacyclin metabolites or endothelin-1. Ingestion of a rapidly absorbed extract derived from whey protein improved endothelium-dependent dilation in older adults by a mechanism independent of changes in circulating vasoactive compounds. Future investigation is warranted in individuals at an increased CVD risk to further elucidate potential health benefits and the underlying mechanisms of extracts derived from whey.
The association between dairy food intake and the incidence of diabetes in Australia: the Australian Diabetes Obesity and Lifestyle Study (AusDiab).; OBJECTIVE: Several studies have suggested that dairy food may reduce the risk of obesity and metabolic abnormalities but few have been able to conclusively demonstrate that it reduces the risk of diabetes. The aim of the present analysis was to investigate if dairy food intake independently reduces the risk of diabetes., DESIGN: The Australian Diabetes Obesity and Lifestyle Study (AusDiab) is a national, population-based, prospective survey conducted over 5 years. Baseline measurements included a 121-item FFQ, anthropometrics and an oral glucose tolerance test., SETTING: Forty-two randomly selected clusters across Australia., SUBJECTS: Adults aged >=25 years who participated in the baseline survey and returned to follow-up 5 years later., RESULTS: A total of 5582 participants with complete data were eligible for analysis, 209 of whom had incident diabetes. Compared with men in the first tertile of dairy food intake, men in the third tertile had a significantly reduced risk of developing diabetes after adjustment for age, sex, total energy intake, family history of diabetes, education, physical activity, smoking status, fasting serum TAG and HDL cholesterol, systolic blood pressure, waist circumference and hip circumference (OR = 0.53, 95 % CI 0.29, 0.96; P = 0.033). A similar non-significant association was observed in women., CONCLUSIONS: Dietary patterns that incorporate high intakes of dairy food may reduce the risk of diabetes among men. Further investigation into the relationship between dairy food intake and diabetes needs to be undertaken to fully understand the potential mechanism of this observation.
Water and sugar-sweetened beverage consumption and changes in BMI among Brazilian fourth graders after 1-year follow-up.; OBJECTIVE: We examined whether drinking water per se is associated with drinking less of other beverages and whether changes in BMI are associated with the intake of water and other beverages., DESIGN: Secondary analysis of a randomized trial of fourth graders followed over 1 year., SETTING: Public schools in the metropolitan area of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil., SUBJECTS: Participants were 1134 students aged 10-11 years., RESULTS: At baseline, a higher frequency of water consumption was associated with a greater daily intake of fruit juice (P = 0.02) and a higher daily frequency of milk (P = 0.005). In the intervention group, the baseline frequency of water consumption was negatively associated with weight change over 1 year but without statistical significance (coefficient = -0.08 kg/m2; 95 % CI -0.37, 0.24 kg/m2), whereas fruit juice intake frequency was positively associated with weight change: each increase in fruit juice intake of 1 glass/d was associated with a BMI increase of 0.16 (95 % CI 0.02, 0.30) kg/m2., CONCLUSIONS: Our findings do not support a protective effect of water consumption on BMI, but confirm consumption of juice drinks as a risk factor for BMI gain. Students who reported high water consumption also reported high intake of other beverages; therefore, the promotion of water consumption per se would not prevent excessive weight gain.
Dairy intake and coronary heart disease or stroke--a population-based cohort study.; AIM: This study aimed to investigate the relationship between total dairy intake and dairy subtypes (high-fat dairy, low-fat dairy, milk and milk products, cheese and fermented dairy) with incident coronary heart disease (CHD) and stroke., METHODS: EPIC-NL is a prospective cohort study among 33,625 Dutch men and women. At baseline (1993-1997), dairy intake was measured with a validated food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). The incidence of both fatal and non-fatal CHD and stroke was obtained by linkage to the national registers., RESULTS: During 13 years follow-up, 1648 cases of CHD and 531 cases of stroke were documented. Total dairy intake was not significantly associated with risk of CHD (hazard ratio per standard deviation (SD) increase=0.99; 95%-CI: 0.94-1.05) or stroke (0.95; 0.85-1.05) adjusted for lifestyle and dietary factors. None of the dairy subtypes was to CHD, while only fermented dairy tended to be associated (p=0.07) with a lower risk of stroke (0.92; 0.83-1.01). Hypertension appeared to modify the association of total and low-fat dairy with CHD (p interaction<0.02). Among participants without hypertension, but not among hypertensive participants, total (0.92; 0.85-1.02) and low-fat (0.94; 0.87-1.02) dairy tended to be associated with a lower risk of CHD., CONCLUSION: Our results provide no evidence that dairy products are associated with risk of CHD or stroke. High intakes of total and low-fat dairy may be associated with a lower risk of CHD among participants without hypertension, while fermented dairy could be associated with a reduced risk of stroke. Copyright © 2012 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
An Internet-based programme to promote adequate UV exposure behaviour in adolescents in Spain.; BACKGROUND: The exponential rise in the incidence of cutaneous cancers underscores the need to promote primary prevention. Adolescents are highly familiar with the use of Internet, and new technologies and Internet systems have proven especially useful to educate this age group in other health problems. To date, there have been no reports of Internet-based primary prevention campaigns for adolescents against skin cancer., OBJECTIVES: To determine the knowledge and behaviour of a Spanish adolescent population in relation to sun exposure through an Internet-based system and to describe the use of an Internet-based school intervention programme to improve the sun exposure knowledge and behaviour in adolescents., METHODS: The cross-sectional study included 2170 school pupils aged between 12 and 16 years from public secondary schools. Pupils in the participating centres completed the survey via the website, which contained a total of 35 questions and three information blocks. For the intervention programme, a sub-sample of 12 secondary schools (total of 1290 pupils) was randomly selected., RESULTS: About 56.7% of the female pupils and 52.6% of the male pupils reported having suffered from sunburn in the previous summer. Sunburn risk increased with the frequency of sun exposure between 12 and 6 pm (OR of 3.59), null knowledge of the negative effects of sun exposure (OR of 2.102), the use of sun protection cream (OR of 0.695 for non-use) and physical sun protection measures (OR of 2.21 for 0-1 physical measures). A significant reduction in self-reported sunburns was observed in the quasi-experimental group in comparison with controls after adjusting for sex and inland or coastal location of the centre (OR = 0.45, 95% CI = 0.23-0.87, P = 0.018). Adjusted OR showed that there was a significant improvement in the use of physical measures, use of sun cream, frequency of sun cream application every 2 h and use of protection on cloudy days., CONCLUSIONS: This is the first study to demonstrate that a programme entirely conducted via Internet significantly reduces by half self-reported sunburn risk in an adolescent population achieving very high satisfaction rates. Copyright © 2012 The Authors. Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology © 2012 European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.
Noninfiltrative anesthesia for transrectal prostate biopsy: a randomized prospective study comparing lidocaine-prilocaine cream and lidocaine-ketorolac gel.; OBJECTIVES: Periprostatic nerve block (PPNB) is the standard anesthesia for ultrasound (US) guided transrectal prostate biopsy (TPB), but periprostatic infiltration itself constitutes a major, though often neglected, source of discomfort even in patients receiving perianal-intrarectal lidocaine-prilocaine (PILP) cream before PPNB. Noninfiltrative anesthesia therefore represents an attractive alternative to periprostatic infiltration. With this in mind, we aimed to determine the efficacy and safety of perianal-intrarectal (PI) lidocaine gel, lidocaine-ketorolac gel, and lidocaine-prilocaine cream in relieving pain during TPB., MATERIALS AND METHODS: Three hundred consecutive patients scheduled for US-guided TPB were randomized 1:1:1 to receive PI administration of 5 g 2.5% lidocaine gel 10 minutes before TPB (Group 1), or a mixture of 5 g 2.5% lidocaine gel and 0.3% ketorolac tromethamine solution 1 hour before TPB (Group 2), or 5 g 2.5% lidocaine and 2.5% prilocaine cream 20 minutes before TPB (Group 3). The 0-to-10 points visual analogue scale (VAS) was used for assessing pain at probe insertion and movements (VAS-1), at prostate sampling (VAS-2), and maximal procedural pain (MPP). Complications occurring up to 20 days after the procedure were also recorded., RESULTS: Four (1.3%) patients were excluded because of unbearable pain during the procedure, leaving Group 1 with 98 patients, Group 2 with 99, and Group 3 with 99; the 3 groups were comparable for patients' age, serum PSA, prostate volume, and cancer detection rate. The addition of either ketorolac or prilocaine to lidocaine significantly (P < 0.0001) reduced probe-related, sampling-related, and maximal procedural pain. Compared with lidocaine-prilocaine, lidocaine-ketorolac was less effective in relieving probe-related pain (mean VAS-1: 1.47 +/- 1.30 vs. 0.39 +/- 0.65; P < 0.0001) but more effective in relieving sampling-related pain (mean VAS-2: 0.76 +/- 0.94 vs. 1.54 +/- 1.02; P < 0.0001); there was no difference in MPP (mean 1.82 +/- 1.21 vs. 1.67 +/- 0.95), probably due to such different efficacy on the two pain sources. Complications were similar in the 3 groups., CONCLUSIONS: Lidocaine-prilocaine cream was most effective on probe-related pain, whereas lidocaine-ketorolac gel was most effective on sampling-related pain. These noninfiltrative anesthetics were safe, easy to administer, and well accepted by patients; the possibility to combine them to further improve pain control during TPB deserves further well-designed studies. Copyright © 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Complete genome of Pieris rapae, a resilient alien, a cabbage pest, and a source of anti-cancer proteins.; The Small Cabbage White ( Pieris rapae) is originally a Eurasian butterfly. Being accidentally introduced into North America, Australia, and New Zealand a century or more ago, it spread throughout the continents and rapidly established as one of the most abundant butterfly species. Although it is a serious pest of cabbage and other mustard family plants with its caterpillars reducing crops to stems, it is also a source of pierisin, a protein unique to the Whites that shows cytotoxicity to cancer cells. To better understand the unusual biology of this omnipresent agriculturally and medically important butterfly, we sequenced and annotated the complete genome from USA specimens. At 246 Mbp, it is among the smallest Lepidoptera genomes reported to date. While 1.5% positions in the genome are heterozygous, they are distributed highly non-randomly along the scaffolds, and nearly 20% of longer than 1000 base-pair segments are SNP-free (median length: 38000 bp). Computational simulations of population evolutionary history suggest that American populations started from a very small number of introduced individuals, possibly a single fertilized female, which is in agreement with historical literature. Comparison to other Lepidoptera genomes reveals several unique families of proteins that may contribute to the unusual resilience of Pieris. The nitrile-specifier proteins divert the plant defense chemicals to non-toxic products. The apoptosis-inducing pierisins could offer a defense mechanism against parasitic wasps. While only two pierisins from Pieris rapae were characterized before, the genome sequence revealed eight, offering additional candidates as anti-cancer drugs. The reference genome we obtained lays the foundation for future studies of the Cabbage White and other Pieridae species.
Dietary Habits of Type 2 Diabetes Patients: Variety and Frequency of Food Intake.; The objective of the present study was to observe the dietary patterns and food frequencies of type 2 diabetes patients attending the clinics of the Family Practice Center of the University of Sri Jayewardenepura, located in a highly urbanized area in Sri Lanka. An interviewer administered questionnaire based cross-sectional study was conducted among randomly selected 100 type 2 diabetes patients [age 35-70 years; mean age 55 +/- 9 (males = 44; females = 56)]. The data were analyzed by SPSS version 18.0 software. Vegetables, fatty foods, and poultry consumption were in accordance with the national guidelines. A significant percentage (45.5%) consumed rice mixed meals for all three meals and only 67% consumed fruits at least once a day. Majority (71%) consumed full-cream milk and sugar intake (77%) was in accordance with the guidelines. Noncaloric sweetener usage was nonexistent. Daily green leafy vegetable intake and the quantity consumed were inadequate to obtain beneficial effects. From the study population, 44% [females 50%; males 36%] of the patients were either overweight or obese. However, only 60% of those patients accepted that they were either overweight or obese. Only 14% exercised daily while 69% never exercised. Study revealed the importance of educating patients with type 2 diabetes on dietary changes and more importantly the involvement in regular physical exercises.
A Review of Herbal and Pharmaceutical Galactagogues for Breast-Feeding.; BACKGROUND: Therapeutic approaches to addressing insufficient lactation are available but remain poorly understood. Current trends in maternal health, such as increasing rates of obesity, delayed age at childbearing, and high rates of cesarean section, may be associated with physiological challenges for lactation that cannot be managed by counseling alone. Women who have not had success with counseling alone, including adoptive mothers seeking to induce lactation, may use galactagogues (pharmaceutical and herbal compounds used to increase lactation). We present a review of selected studies of galactagogues and data indicating popular demand for such products., METHODS: A systematic search was conducted for published studies on the use of galactagogues for breast-feeding. The following databases were searched: MEDLINE (PubMed), EBSCO (Academic Search Complete), and EMBASE. The search was conducted between July 15, 2015, and August 18, 2015; only English language articles were included, and we imposed no restrictions on publication date. Two authors independently reviewed the studies and extracted data., RESULTS: Blinded, placebo-controlled clinical trials of 2 pharmaceutical galactagogues (domperidone and metoclopramide) and 5 popular herbal galactagogues (shatavari, fenugreek, silymarin, garlic, and malunggay) were identified. All of the studies identified for domperidone showed a significant difference in milk production between the treatment and placebo groups. Of the 6 trials of metoclopramide, only 1 study showed a significant difference in milk production compared to placebo. Results of the clinical trials on herbal galactagogues were mixed. Our review of the evidence for the efficacy of popular pharmaceutical and herbal galactagogues revealed a dearth of high-quality clinical trials and mixed results., CONCLUSION: Health providers face the challenge of prescribing or recommending galactagogues without the benefit of robust evidence. Given the suboptimal rates of exclusive breast-feeding worldwide and the availability and demand for medical and herbal lactation therapies, controlled trials and analyses investigating these medicines are urgently warranted.
Ability of dairy fat in inducing metabolic syndrome in rats.; BACKGROUND: The risk of heart diseases, diabetes and stroke is increased with higher metabolic risk factors. Models of diseases resulting from high-calorie diets have a significant role in pathophysiologic analysis of metabolic syndrome in rodents; but, these diets are considerably different from each other in various studies and may not be very similar to the metabolic syndrome model in humans. This study sought to make a model close to the disease in humans. 20 five-week old male Wistar rats were randomly assigned to two groups. For one of the groups, a high-calorie diet with 416 calories per 100 g with dairy-based fat was considered and, for another group, a control diet was given for 12 weeks. Weight changes, lipid profile, glucose values, Blood pressure, insulin and HOMA indices, were measured for both groups and weight changes were compared using repeated measures and independent t test; also, serum results were compared using independent t test., RESULTS: Values of weight, glucose, insulin, lipid profile and blood pressure, except HDL, had a tangible difference between two groups at the end of the study. HOMA-IR, HOMA-B and HOMA-S indicates a significant difference between the two groups after consumption high-energy diet., CONCLUSION: The present study showed ability of dairy fat in gaining weight, insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome and provided the necessity of paying serious attention to the amount of fat intake from dairy sources.
Prevalence of ketosis in dairy cows in milk shed areas of Odisha state, India.; AIM: The present study was conducted to ascertain the prevalence of ketosis in dairy cows in dairy herds, milksheds, and mixed population of milk cows selected randomly in milkshed areas of Odisha state, India., MATERIALS AND METHODS: The investigation was conducted in 280 private dairy herds with variable herd size of 10-15 cows comprising crossbred Jersey cows (CBJ), crossbred Holstein Friesian (CHF) cows, and indigenous local breeds. The analysis of urine (Rothera's test), milk (Ross test), and blood samples of 2760 test cows were conducted through qualitative assessment by Rothera's test and Ross test, respectively, for the presence of ketone bodies to screen the ketotic animals. Cut-points have been decided based on beta-hydroxybutyric acid level (>=1.2-1.4 mmol/L) in milk., RESULTS: We noted positive cases of ketosis with a prevalence rate of 36.7% (1014/2760) entailing 27.2% in clinical ketosis and 9.6% in subclinical ketosis. The breed wise incident rate was recorded to be the highest (38.0%) in CBJs. The age-wise prevalence rate was found to be the highest (40.8%) in the age group of 5.5-6.5 years. The season wise prevalence rate in 5th calver was recorded to be the highest (38.6%) in summer season as compared to other seasons. The prevalence of ketosis was observed to be the highest at 56.7% on the first stage of lactation at the 1st month after 2 weeks. The incidence rates for clinical and subclinical ketosis were found to be 25.2%; 12.2%, 26.6%; 11.2% and 30.3%; 2.9% in CBJ, CHF and indigenous cows, respectively. The breed wise overall prevalence rate was recorded to be 38.0% in CBJ, 37.8% in CHF, and 33.2% in indigenous cows., CONCLUSION: Ketosis and subclinical ketosis is highly prevalent metabolic disorder and has severe effect on the production status of affected animal and needs to be prevented, rather than treated, by maintaining cows in good and healthy conditions. We have attempted to give great attention for diagnosis, management, and control of this disease during risk stage to prevent economic loss sustained by the dairy farmers of Eastern India.
Effect of Probiotic Supplementation on Cognitive Function and Metabolic Status in Alzheimer's Disease: A Randomized, Double-Blind and Controlled Trial.; Alzheimer's disease (AD) is associated with severe cognitive impairments as well as some metabolic defects. Scant studies in animal models indicate a link between probiotics and cognitive function. This randomized, double-blind, and controlled clinical trial was conducted among 60 AD patients to assess the effects of probiotic supplementation on cognitive function and metabolic status. The patients were randomly divided into two groups (n = 30 in each group) treating with either milk (control group) or a mixture of probiotics (probiotic group). The probiotic supplemented group took 200 ml/day probiotic milk containing Lactobacillus acidophilus, Lactobacillus casei, Bifidobacterium bifidum, and Lactobacillus fermentum (2 x 109 CFU/g for each) for 12 weeks. Mini-mental state examination (MMSE) score was recorded in all subjects before and after the treatment. Pre- and post-treatment fasting blood samples were obtained to determine the related markers. After 12 weeks intervention, compared with the control group (-5.03% +/- 3.00), the probiotic treated (+27.90% +/- 8.07) patients showed a significant improvement in the MMSE score (P <0.001). In addition, changes in plasma malondialdehyde (-22.01% +/- 4.84 vs. +2.67% +/- 3.86 mumol/L, P <0.001), serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (-17.61% +/- 3.70 vs. +45.26% +/- 3.50 mug/mL, P <0.001), homeostasis model of assessment-estimated insulin resistance (+28.84% +/- 13.34 vs. +76.95% +/- 24.60, P = 0.002), Beta cell function (+3.45% +/- 10.91 vs. +75.62% +/- 23.18, P = 0.001), serum triglycerides (-20.29% +/- 4.49 vs. -0.16% +/- 5.24 mg/dL, P = 0.003), and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (-1.83 +/- 1.26 vs. -4.66 +/- 1.70, P = 0.006) in the probiotic group were significantly varied compared to the control group. We found that the probiotic treatment had no considerable effect on other biomarkers of oxidative stress and inflammation, fasting plasma glucose, and other lipid profiles. Overall, the current study demonstrated that probiotic consumption for 12 weeks positively affects cognitive function and some metabolic statuses in the AD patients., CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: http://www.irct.ir/, IRCT201511305623N60.
Do People Eat the Pain Away? The Effects of Acute Physical Pain on Subsequent Consumption of Sweet-Tasting Food.; Sweet tasting foods have been found to have an analgesic effect. Therefore people might consume more sweet-tasting food when they feel pain. In Study 1, participants were randomly assigned to a pain or non-pain condition and their consumption of cheesecake was measured. Participants ate more cheesecake (a sweet-tasting food) following a painful experience than a non-painful one. In Study 2, participants were randomly assigned to a painful experience or a resource depleting experience (i.e., squeezing a handgrip) and then were asked to taste test two foods, one sweet and one not sweet. Participants ate more sweet-tasting food following a painful experience than a non-painful or a resource-depleting experience. These differences were not present for consumption of non-sweet food. Further, habitual self-control predicted consumption of sweet-tasting food when in pain, with those lower in self-control particularly likely to eat more. Results suggest that people do eat more sweet-tasting food when they feel pain, particularly if they are not in the habit of controlling their impulses. These findings have implications for health given rising rates of obesity and pain-related diagnoses.
Evaluation of the optimal positioning of subcutaneous butterfly when administering injectable opioids in cancer patients.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: The increasing number of cancer patients, together with the development of new palliative care services in Romania, warrants the evaluation of nursing strategies meant to improve the level of comfort of patients who are suffering from advanced cancer. The main objective of the study was to evaluate the optimal positioning of the subcutaneous (sc) butterfly, in accordance with its resistance in the insertion tissue, the local complications that may occur, and the evaluation of the time of resistance at the insertion site (puncture) with the daily frequency of injectable opioid administration., METHODS: A prospective experimental pilot study was designed and conducted between January and May 2011. Patients admitted to the Hospice Casa Sperantei (Brasov, Romania) with moderate or severe cancer pain, who were receiving subcutaneously opioids, over the age of 18, with normal body index ranging from 18.5 - 22.0, were assigned randomly to one of two groups, after signing the informed consent. In group one, the butterfly was positioned with the needle bevel up - this was considered to be the control group as this modality of inserting the needle is considered standard practice; in group two the butterfly was positioned with the needle bevel down - experimental group. The drugs used for pain relief were sc tramadol for moderate pain and sc morphine for severe pain., RESULTS: Our research supported the hypothesis that the occurrence of local complications coincides with the decrease of sc butterfly resistance in time at the place of insertion, and the sc butterfly has a higher rate of resistance in time at the insertion site if the frequency of injectable opioids administration is lower (twice per day)., CONCLUSION: The positioning of the butterflies with the bevel down (experimental group) is associated with a longer resistance in time at the site of insertion, and causes fewer local complications compared to the sc butterflies positioned with the bevel up (control group).
Effect of a cheese rich in angiotensin-converting enzyme-inhibiting peptides (Gamalost( R)) and a Gouda-type cheese on blood pressure: results of a randomised trial.; BACKGROUND: High blood pressure (BP) is the leading risk factor for global disease burden, contributing to 7% of global disability adjusted life years. Angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE)-inhibiting bioactive peptides have the potential to reduce BP in humans. These peptides have been identified in many dairy products and have been associated with significant reductions in BP., OBJECTIVE: The objective of this trial was to examine whether a cheese rich in ACE-inhibiting peptides (Gamalost( R)), or a standard Gouda-type cheese could lower BP., DESIGN: A total of 153 healthy participants were randomised to one of three parallel arms: Gamalost( R) (n=53, 50 g/day for 8 weeks), Gouda-type cheese (n=50, 80 g/day for 8 weeks), and control (n=50). BP and anthropometric measurements were taken at the baseline and at the end, with an additional BP measurement midway. Based on BP at baseline, participants were categorised as having optimal BP (<120/<80 mmHg), normal-high BP (120-139/80-89 mmHg), or being hypertensive (>140/>90 mmHg). Questionnaires about lifestyle, health, and dietary habits were completed at baseline, midway and end., RESULTS: In total, 148 participants (mean age 43, 52% female) completed the intervention. There were no differences among the three groups in relevant baseline characteristics. BP was reduced in the entire study population, but the cheese groups did not differ from control. However, in a subgroup of participants with slightly elevated BP, BP at 4 weeks of intervention seemed to be borderline significantly more reduced in the Gamalost( R) group compared with the control group (Dunnett test: diastolic BP -3.5 mmHg, 95% confidence interval (CI) -7.3, 0.4, systolic BP: -4.3 mmHg, 95% CI -9.8, 1.1)., CONCLUSION: An intention-to-treat analysis of the data showed no cheese effect upon BP compared to control, but Gamalost( R) seemed to have a small, non-significant lowering effect on diastolic BP after 4 weeks in people with a normal-high BP.
Effects of yogurt containing Lactobacillus plantarum HOKKAIDO on immune function and stress markers.; Lactobacillus plantarum HOKKAIDO (HOKKAIDO strain) was isolated from well-pickled vegetables in Hokkaido, Japan. We report a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study evaluating the effects of L. plantarum HOKKAIDO on immune function and stress markers in 171 adult subjects. Subjects were divided into three groups: the L. plantarum HOKKAIDO yogurt group, the placebo-1 group who ingested yogurt without the HOKKAIDO strain, and the placebo-2 group who ingested a yogurt-like dessert without the HOKKAIDO strain. Hematological tests and body composition measurements were performed before and after 4 and 8 weeks of blinded ingestion. Although no significant differences in natural killer cell activity were observed, it was found that neutrophil ratio significantly decreased and lymphocytes tended to increase in the HOKKAIDO strain yogurt group compared with the yogurt-like dessert group. In addition, the neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio, a stress marker, tended to improve in the HOKKAIDO strain yogurt group compared with the yogurt-like dessert group. These results suggest that the ingestion of HOKKAIDO strain yogurt tends to improve immune activity and decrease stress markers.
Cholesterol Lowering Effect of Plant Stanol Ester Yoghurt Drinks with Added Camelina Oil.; The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of yoghurt minidrinks containing two doses of plant stanol ester either with or without added camelina oil on the serum cholesterol levels in moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects. In this randomised, double-blind, parallel group study, 143 subjects consumed a 65 mL minidrink together with a meal daily for four weeks. The minidrink contained 1.6 or 2.0 grams of plant stanols with or without 2 grams of alpha-linolenic acid-rich camelina oil. The placebo minidrink did not contain plant stanols or camelina oil. All plant stanol treated groups showed statistically significant total, LDL, and non-HDL cholesterol lowering relative to baseline and relative to placebo. Compared to placebo, LDL cholesterol was lowered by 9.4% (p < 0.01) and 8.1% (p < 0.01) with 1.6 g and 2 g plant stanols, respectively. With addition of Camelina oil, 1.6 g plant stanols resulted in 11.0% (p < 0.01) and 2 g plant stanols in 8.4% (p < 0.01) reduction in LDL cholesterol compared to placebo. In conclusion, yoghurt minidrinks with plant stanol ester reduced serum LDL cholesterol significantly and addition of a small amount of camelina oil did not significantly enhance the cholesterol lowering effect. This trial was registered with ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02628990.
Effects of Sesame Butter (Ardeh) versus Sesame Oil on Metabolic and Oxidative Stress Markers in Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Rats.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes is one of the most common metabolic disorders and is related to oxidative-stress-induced diseases. Given the role of dietary antioxidants in the control and prevention of diabetes, this study aimed to examine the effects of sesame butter versus sesame oil on the serum levels of glucose, lipid profile, and oxidative stress biomarkers in diabetic rats., METHODS: Forty male albino rats of Wistar strain were randomly divided into 4 groups (i.e., nondiabetic control rats, diabetic rats, diabetic rats treated with sesame butter, and diabetic rats treated with sesame oil). Experimental diabetes was induced with an intraperitoneal injection of streptozotocin (55 mg/kg). Sesame butter (1.25 g/kg) and sesame oil (0.5 g/kg) were given by oral gavage to the diabetic rats for 6 weeks. Finally, serum glucose, lipid profile, total antioxidant capacity (TAC), and malondialdehyde (MDA) levels were measured and analyzed statistically., RESULTS: Our data showed that the diabetic groups treated with sesame butter and sesame oil had significantly lower levels of glucose and higher levels of high-density lipoprotein than did the diabetic control group at the end of the study (P<0.05). Sesame butter supplementation also increased TAC and decreased MDA concentrations significantly in the diabetic rats (P<0.05)., CONCLUSION: The antihyperglycemic, antioxidative, and partly lipid-lowering effects of sesame butter make it an excellent candidate for future human studies on diabetes, although further research is needed to determine the exact dose and duration of supplementation.
Effect of Cucurbita ficifolia and Probiotic Yogurt Consumption on Blood Glucose, Lipid Profile, and Inflammatory Marker in Type 2 Diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Control of blood sugar, hypertension, and dyslipidemia are key factors in diabetes management. Cucurbita ficifolia (pumpkin) is a vegetable which has been used traditionally as a remedy for diabetes in Iran. In addition, consumption of probiotics may have beneficial effects on people with Type 2 diabetes. The aim of this study was an investigation of the effects of C. ficifolia and probiotic yogurt consumption alone or at the same time on blood glucose and serum lipids in diabetic patients., METHODS: Eighty eligible participants randomly were assigned to four groups: 1 - green C. ficifolia (100 g); 2 - probiotic yogurt (150 g); 3 - C. ficifolia plus probiotic yogurt (100 g C. ficifolia plus 150 g yogurt); and 4 -control (dietary advice) for 8 weeks. Blood pressure, glycemic response, lipid profile, and high-sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP) were measured before and after the intervention., RESULTS: Total cholesterol (TC) decreased significantly in yogurt and yogurt plus C. ficifolia groups (within groups P = 0.010, and P < 0.001, respectively). C. ficifolia plus yogurt consumption resulted in a decrease in triglyceride (TG) and an increase in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) (within groups P < 0.001 and P = 0.001, respectively). All interventions led to a significant decrease in blood sugar, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), hsCRP, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) level within groups. Blood pressure decreased significantly in Cucurbita group and yogurt group (within groups P < 0.001, and P = 0.001 for systolic blood pressure [SBP] and P < 0.001, and P = 0.004 for diastolic blood pressure [DBP], respectively). All variables changed between groups significantly except LDL-C level., CONCLUSIONS: Variables including TG, HDL-C, TC, fasting blood sugar, HbA1c, SBP, DBP, and hsCRP changed beneficially between groups. It seems that consumption of C. ficifolia and probiotic yogurt may help treatment of diabetic patients.
Effect of Resistance Training and Various Sources of Protein Supplementation on Body Fat Mass and Metabolic Profile in Sarcopenic Overweight Older Adult Men: A Pilot Study.; The decrease in resting energy expenditure (REE) and fat oxidation with aging is associated with an increase in fat mass (FM), and both could be prevented by exercise such as resistance training. Dairy consumption has also been shown to promote FM loss in different subpopulations and to be positively associated with fat oxidation. Therefore, we sought to determine whether resistance exercise combined with dairy supplementation could have an additive impact on FM and energy metabolism, especially in individuals with a deficit in muscle mass. Twenty-six older overweight sarcopenic men (65 +/- 5 years old) were recruited for the study. They participated in 4 months of resistance exercise and were randomized into three groups for postexercise shakes (control, dairy, and nondairy isocaloric and isoprotein supplement with 375 ml and ~280 calories per shake). Body composition was measured by dual X-ray absorptiometry and REE by indirect calorimetry. Fasting glucose, insulin, leptin, inflammatory profile, and blood lipid profile were also measured. Significant decreases were observed with FM only in the dairy supplement group; no changes were observed for any other variables. To conclude, FM may decrease without changes in metabolic parameters during resistance training and dairy supplementation with no caloric restriction without having any impact on metabolic properties. More studies are warranted to explain this significant decrease in FM.
Efficacy of Dragon's blood cream on wound healing: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial.; The blood-red sap of Dragon's blood has been used in folk medicine for fractures, wounds, inflammation, gastrointestinal disorders, rheumatism, blood circulation dysfunctions, and cancer. Existing in vitro and in vivo bioactivity of this herb on different mechanisms of healing shows strong potential of this sap in wound healing. This clinical trial study was designated to evaluate the wound healing effect of Dragon's blood on human wounds. Sixty patients, between the ages of 14-65 years, who were referred to remove their skin tag, were assigned to this double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trial and received either Dragon's blood or a placebo cream. They were visited on the 3rd, 5th, 7th, 10th, 14th, and 20th day of the trial to check the process of healing and to measure the wound's surface. At the end of trial, there was a significant difference in the mean duration of wound healing between the two groups (p = 0.0001). The phenolic compounds and the alkaloid taspine, which exist in Dragon's-blood resin, are probably the main reasons for the wound healing property of this plant. Being natural accessible, safe, and affordable makes Dragon's blood cream, a good choice for addition to the wound healing armamentarium. Further studies on wounds with different causes and among larger populations are suggested to ensure the effectiveness and safety of Dragon's blood.
Evaluation of kefir as a potential probiotic on growth performance, serum biochemistry and immune responses in broiler chicks.; This experiment was conducted to evaluate the effect of milk or molasses kefir as a probiotic on growth performance, carcass traits, serum biochemistry and humoral immune responses in broiler chickens. A total of 192 one-d-old as hatched broiler chicks (Ross 308) were randomly allotted to 4 treatments, each with 4 replicate pens of 12 chicks. The following treatments were applied: 1) a basal diet (C) and normal drinking water, 2) 2% milk kefir in drinking water, 3) 2% molasses kefir in drinking water, and 4) the diet C supplemented with commercial probiotic. At d 42, eight birds per treatment were killed for determination of carcass traits. Broilers at 28 days of age were bled for measuring antibody titers against Newcastle disease virus (NDV) and avian influenza virus (AIV), at 30 days of age for antibody titers against sheep red blood cell (SRBC), and at 42 days of age for biochemical analysis. Supplementing 2% milk kefir increased body weight of broilers at 28 and 42 days of age (P < 0.05). Supplementing 2% molasses kefir improved feed conversation ratio (FCR) of broilers during growth period (P < 0.05), but FCR of broilers in other periods was not affected. Daily feed intake, internal organ weights, and carcass traits were not influenced by the treatments except for small intestine and ceca length. Small intestinal length significantly decreased in broilers supplemented with milk and molasses kefir (P < 0.05). Molasses kefir supplementation significantly (P < 0.05) increased antibody titer against SRBC at 31 days of age but other immune related parameters were not statistically different among treatments. Biochemical parameters including serum protein, albumin, and triglyceride concentrations were not statistically (P > 0.05) influenced. Broilers supplemented with molasses kefir, had a significantly lower concentration of serum total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol and elevated high density lipoprotein cholesterol at 42 days of age (P < 0.05). In conclusion, the results indicated that inclusion of 2% milk kefir in drinking water would improve growth performance of broiler chickens.
A Healthy Nordic Diet Alters the Plasma Lipidomic Profile in Adults with Features of Metabolic Syndrome in a Multicenter Randomized Dietary Intervention.; BACKGROUND: A healthy Nordic diet is associated with improvements in cardiometabolic risk factors, but the effect on lipidomic profile is not known., OBJECTIVE: The aim was to investigate how a healthy Nordic diet affects the fasting plasma lipidomic profile in subjects with metabolic syndrome., METHODS: Men and women (n = 200) with features of metabolic syndrome [mean age: 55 y; body mass index (in kg/m2): 31.6] were randomly assigned to either a healthy Nordic (n = 104) or a control (n = 96) diet for 18 or 24 wk at 6 centers. Of the participants, 156 completed the study with plasma lipidomic measurements. The healthy Nordic diet consisted of whole grains, fruits, vegetables, berries, vegetable oils and margarines, fish, low-fat milk products, and low-fat meat. An average Nordic diet served as the control diet and included low-fiber cereal products, dairy fat-based spreads, regular-fat milk products, and a limited amount of fruits, vegetables, and berries. Lipidomic profiles were measured at baseline, week 12, and the end of the intervention (18 or 24 wk) by using ultraperformance liquid chromatography mass spectrometry. The effects of the diets on the lipid variables were analyzed with linear mixed-effects models. Data from centers with 18- or 24-wk duration were also analyzed separately., RESULTS: Changes in 21 plasma lipids differed significantly between the groups at week 12 (false discovery rate P < 0.05), including increases in plasmalogens and decreases in ceramides in the healthy Nordic diet group compared with the control group. At the end of the study, changes in lipidomic profiles did not differ between the groups. However, when the intervention lasted 24 wk, changes in 8 plasma lipids that had been identified at 12 wk, including plasmalogens, were sustained. There were no differences in changes in plasma lipids between groups with an intervention of 18 wk. By the dietary biomarker score, adherence to diet did not explain the difference in the results related to the duration of the study., CONCLUSIONS: A healthy Nordic diet transiently modified the plasma lipidomic profile, specifically by increasing the concentrations of antioxidative plasmalogens and decreasing insulin resistance-inducing ceramides. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00992641. Copyright © 2016 American Society for Nutrition.
Effect of topical application of melatonin on serum levels of C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) in patients with type 1 or type 2 diabetes and periodontal disease.; BACKGROUND: The present clinical trial study was designed to assess the effect of topical application of melatonin on serum levels of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin-6 (IL-6) and C-reactive protein (CRP) in patients with diabetes and periodontal disease in comparison with healthy controls., MATERIAL AND METHODS: Serum levels of TNF-alpha and IL-6 were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay and CRP by nephelometry by using the proper commercial kits in 30 patients with diabetes and periodontal disease, and also in a control group of 30 healthy subjects. Periodontograms were performed using the Florida Probe R. Patients with diabetes were treated with a topical application of melatonin (1% orabase cream formula) once daily for 20 days. Healthy subjects were treated with a placebo orabase cream., RESULTS: Patients with diabetes and periodontal disease had significantly higher mean levels of serum TNF-alpha, IL-6 and CRP than healthy subjects (P < 0.001). Following topical melatonin application, there was a statistically significant decrease in the gingival index and pocket depth (P < 0.001) as well as a significant decrease in IL-6 and CRP serum levels (P < 0.001). Local melatonin application in patients with diabetes and periodontal disease resulted in a significant decrease in CRP and IL-6 serum levels as well as an improvement in the gingival index and pocket depth. Patients with periodontal disease had significantly higher serum CRP, IL-6 and TNF-alpha values by comparison with healthy subjects., CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that melatonin can modulate the inflammatory action of these molecules in periodontal patients., KEY WORDS: Melatonin, periodontal disease, diabetes mellitus, interleukin-6, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, C-reactive protein, inflammatory markers.
The Effect of Purslane Seeds on Biomarkers of Oxidative Stress in Diabetic Patients: A Randomized Controlled Cross-over Clinical Trial.; BACKGROUND: This study was designed to examine the effects of purslane seeds on biomarkers of oxidative stress in type 2 diabetic patients., METHODS: This cross-over randomized controlled clinical trial was conducted on 40 patients with type 2 diabetes. Participants were randomly assigned to receive either 10 g/day purslane seeds with 240 cc low-fat yogurt (intervention group) or only 240 cc low-fat yogurt (as a control group) for 5 weeks. After a 2-week washout period, subjects were moved to the alternate arm for an additional 5 weeks. At baseline and end of each study phase, fasting blood samples were collected to quantify biomarkers of oxidative stress., RESULTS: We observed a slight decrease in plasma total antioxidant capacity in both groups, however, between-group changes were not significant (-2.67 vs. -2.95 mug/dL, P = 0.94). Plasma malondialdehyde in purslane group increased slightly, however, we observed no significant effect in the control group (1.62 vs. -0.47 mug/dL, P = 0.58). Although both groups had a slight reduction in plasma oxidized low-density lipoprotein (ox-LDL), we failed to find any significant effect of purslane on plasma ox-LDL (-1.06 vs. -1.71 mug/dL, P = 0.85)., CONCLUSIONS: This cross-over clinical trial revealed that consumption of purslane seeds for 5 weeks in type 2 diabetic patients did not result in improved oxidative stress.
The scale of the evidence base on the health effects of conventional yogurt consumption: findings of a scoping review.; BACKGROUND: The health effects of conventional yogurt have been investigated for over a century; however, few systematic reviews have been conducted to assess the extent of the health benefits of yogurt., OBJECTIVE: The aim of this scoping review was to assess the volume of available evidence on the health effects of conventional yogurt., METHODS: The review was guided by a protocol agreed a priori and informed by an extensive literature search conducted in November 2013. Randomized controlled trials were selected and categorized according to the eligibility criteria established in the protocol., RESULTS: 213 studies were identified as relevant to the scoping question. The number of eligible studies identified for each outcome were: bone health (14 studies), weight management and nutrition related health outcomes (81 studies), metabolic health (6 studies); cardiovascular health (57 studies); gastrointestinal health (24 studies); cancer (39 studies); diabetes (13 studies), Parkinson's disease risk (3 studies), all-cause mortality (3 studies), skin complaints (3 studies), respiratory complaints (3 studies), joint pain/function (2 studies); the remaining 8 studies reported a variety of other outcomes. For studies of a similar design and which assessed the same outcomes in similar population groups, we report the potential for the combining of data across studies in systematic reviews., CONCLUSIONS: This scoping review has revealed the extensive evidence base for many outcomes which could be the focus of systematic reviews exploring the health effects of conventional yogurt consumption.
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, clinical trial on probiotic soy milk and soy milk: effects on epigenetics and oxidative stress in patients with type II diabetes.; This clinical trial aimed to discover the effects of probiotic soy milk and soy milk on MLH1 and MSH2 promoter methylation, and oxidative stress among type II diabetic patients. Forty patients with type II diabetes mellitus aged 35-68 years were assigned to two groups in this randomized, double-blind, controlled clinical trial. Patients in the intervention group consumed 200 ml/day of probiotic soy milk containing Lactobacillus plantarum A7, while those in the control group consumed 200 ml/d of conventional soy milk for 8 weeks. Fasting blood samples, anthropometric measurements, and 24-h dietary recalls were collected at the baseline and at the end of the study, respectively. Probiotic soy milk significantly decreased promoter methylation in proximal and distal MLH1 promoter region (P < 0.01 and P < 0.0001, respectively) compared with the baseline values, while plasma concentration of 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) decreased significantly compared with soy milk (P < 0.05). In addition, a significant increase in superoxide dismutase (SOD) activity was observed in probiotic soy milk group compared with baseline value (P < 0.01). There were no significant changes from baseline in the promoter methylation of MSH2 within either group (P > 0.05). The consumption of probiotic soy milk improved antioxidant status in type II diabetic patients and may decrease promoter methylation among these patients, indicating that probiotic soy milk is a promising agent for diabetes management.
Effects of Probiotics on Biomarkers of Oxidative Stress and Inflammatory Factors in Petrochemical Workers: A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Trial.; BACKGROUND: The aim of the current study was to determine effects of probiotic yoghurt and multispecies probiotic capsule supplementation on biomarkers of oxidative stress and inflammatory factors in petrochemical workers., METHODS: This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was done among petrochemical workers. Subjects were randomly divided into three groups to receive 100 g/day probiotic yogurt (n = 12) or one probiotic capsule daily (n = 13) or 100 g/day conventional yogurt (n = 10) for 6 weeks. The probiotic yoghurt was containing two strains of Lactobacillus acidophilus and Bifidobacterium lactis with a total of min 1 x 10(7) CFU. Multispecies probiotic capsule contains seven probiotic bacteria spices Actobacillus casei 3 x 10(3), L. acidophilus 3 x 10(7), Lactobacillus rhamnosus 7 x 10(9), Lactobacillus bulgaricus 5 x 10(8), Bifidobacterium breve 2 x 10(10), Bifidobacterium longum 1 x 10(9) and Streptococcus thermophilus 3 x 10(8) CFU/g. Fasting blood samples were obtained at the beginning and end of the trial to quantify biomarkers of oxidative stress and inflammatory factors., RESULTS: Although a significant within-group decrease in plasma protein carbonyl levels was seen in the probiotic capsule group (326.0 +/- 308.9 vs. 251.0 +/- 176.3 ng/mL, P = 0.02), the changes were similar among the three groups. In addition, significant within-group decreases in plasma iso prostaglandin were observed in the probiotic supplements group (111.9 +/- 85.4 vs. 88.0 +/- 71.0 pg/mL, P = 0.003) and in the probiotic yogurt group (116.3 +/- 93.0 vs. 92.0 +/- 66.0 pg/mL, P = 0.02), nevertheless there were no significant change among the three groups., CONCLUSIONS: Taken together, consumption of probiotic yogurt or multispecies probiotic capsule had beneficial effects on biomarkers of oxidative stress in petrochemical workers.
An energy-reduced dietary pattern, including moderate protein and increased nonfat dairy intake combined with walking promotes beneficial body composition and metabolic changes in women with excess adiposity: a randomized comparative trial.; Moderate protein and nonfat dairy intake within an energy-reduced diet (ERD) may contribute to health benefits achieved with body weight (BW) loss. The current study examined the effectiveness of a weight-loss/weight-loss maintenance intervention using an ERD with moderate dietary protein (30% of kcals) and increased nonfat dairy intake (4-5 svg/d), including yogurt (INT group) and daily walking compared to an ERD with standard protein (16-17% of kcals) and standard nonfat dairy intake (3 svg/d) (COM group) with daily walking. A randomized comparative trial with 104 healthy premenopausal women with overweight/obesity was conducted in a university setting. Women were randomized to INT group or COM group. Anthropometric measurements, as well as dietary intake, selected vital signs, resting energy expenditure, blood lipids, glucose, insulin, and selected adipose-derived hormones were measured at baseline, and weeks 2, 12, and 24. Targets for dietary protein and nonfat dairy intake, while initially achieved, were not sustained in the INT group. There were no significant effects of diet group on anthropometric measurements. Women in the INT group and COM group, respectively, reduced BW (-4.9 +/- 3.2 and -4.3 +/- 3.3 kg, P < 0.001) and fat mass (-3.0 +/- 2.2 and -2.3 +/- 2.3 kg, P < 0.001) during the 12-week weight-loss phase and maintained these losses at 24 weeks. Both groups experienced significant decreases in body mass index, fat-free soft tissue mass, body fat percentage, waist and hip circumferences and serum triglycerides, total cholesterol, and leptin (all P < 0.001). Healthy premenopausal women with excess adiposity effectively lost BW and fat mass and improved some metabolic risk factors following an ERD with approximately 20% protein and 3 svg/d of nonfat dairy intake.
The effect of probiotic soy milk and soy milk on anthropometric measures and blood pressure in patients with type II diabetes mellitus: A randomized double-blind clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: The objective of this clinical trial was to assess the effects of probiotic soy milk and soy milk on anthropometric measures and blood pressure (BP) in type 2 diabetic (T2D) patients., METHODS: A total of 40 patients with T2D, 35-68 years old, were assigned to two groups in this randomized, double-blind, controlled clinical trial. The patients in the intervention group consumed 200 ml/day of probiotic soy milk containing Lactobacillus planetarium A7 and those in control group consumed 200 ml/day of soy milk for 8 weeks. Anthropometric and BP measurements were performed according to standard protocols. For detecting within-group differences paired-sample t-tests was used and analysis of covariance was used for determining any differences between two groups. (The trial has been registered in the Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials, identifier: IRCT: IRCT201405265062N8)., RESULTS: In this study, we failed to find any significant changes between probiotic soy milk and soy milk in term of body mass index (26.65 +/- 0.68 vs. 26.33 +/- 0.74, P = 0.300) and waist to hip ratio (1.49 +/- 0.08 vs. 1.54 +/- 0.1, P = 0.170). Although soy milk did not have any effect on BP, probiotic soymilk significantly decreased systolic (14.7 +/- 0.48 vs. 13.05 +/- 0.16, P = 0.001) and diastolic BP (10 +/- 0.7 vs. 9.1 +/- 1, P = 0.031)., CONCLUSION: In our study, probiotic soy milk in comparing with soy milk did not have any beneficial effects on anthropometric measures in these patients. We need more clinical trial for confirming the effect of probiotic foods on anthropometric measure in diabetic patients. However, probiotic soy milk decreased systolic and diastolic BP significantly.
Calcium Intake, Major Dietary Sources and Bone Health Indicators in Iranian Primary School Children.; BACKGROUND: Adequate calcium intake may have a crucial role with regards to prevention of many chronic diseases, including hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, different types of cancer, obesity and osteoporosis. In children, sufficient calcium intake is especially important to support the accelerated growth spurt during the preteen and teenage years and to increase bone mineral mass to lay the foundation for older age., OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to assess daily calcium intake in school-age children to ensure whether they fulfill the FGP dairy serving recommendations, the recommended levels of daily calcium intake and to assess the relationship between dietary calcium intake and major bone health indicators., PATIENTS AND METHODS: A total of 501 Iranian school-age children were randomly selected. Calcium intake was assessed using a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Bone health indicators were also assessed., RESULTS: Dairy products contributed to 69.3% of the total calcium intake of the children. Daily adequate intake of calcium was achieved by 17.8% of children. Only 29.8% met the Food guide pyramid recommendations for dairy intake. Dietary calcium intake was not significantly correlated with serum calcium and other selected biochemical indicators of bone health., CONCLUSIONS: The need for planning appropriate nutrition strategies for overcoming inadequate calcium intake in school age children in the city of Tehran is inevitable.
A randomized clinical trial of efficacy and safety of the topical clonidine and capsaicin in the treatment of painful diabetic neuropathy.; BACKGROUND: Incomplete efficiency of oral medications restricts their therapeutic success in pain control of the painful form of the diabetic peripheral neuropathy (DPN). Use of topical medications because of less systemic side effects is more acceptable. This study aimed to compare the effect of clonidine gel and capsaicin cream in relieving pain associated with DPN., MATERIALS AND METHODS: This 12-week, randomized, double-blind and parallel-group trial was conducted to compare the efficacy and safety of topical clonidine and capsaicin. Totally, 139 patients with type 2 diabetes with a pain score of at least 4 as assessed by visual analog scale (VAS), were treated for up to 3 months. The endpoint of the study was the reduction in the median pain score from baseline, as assessed by the VAS at the 4 weekly follow-up visits., RESULTS: The intention-to-treat population for the efficacy analysis consists of 69 patients receiving clonidine and 70 patients receiving capsaicin. Both drugs significantly relieved pain at 12 weeks (P < 0.001 for both) but no significant difference in the efficacy between the two treatments was observed (P = 0.931). Dermatologic complications were more common in capsaicin group (P = 0.001)., CONCLUSION: The results of this study showed the comparable efficacy of clonidine gel in comparison with capsaicin cream in the treatment of pain due to DPN with less adverse events. More studies are required to better evaluate the efficacy and safety of this topical compound for relieving pain in DPN.
The Ingestion of a Fructose-Containing Beverage Combined with Fat Cream Exacerbates Postprandial Lipidemia in Young Healthy Women.; AIM: To investigate the acute effects of the ingestion of a fructose-containing beverage combinedwith fat on postprandial lipoprotein metabolism., METHODS: Twelve young healthy Japanese women with apolipoprotein E phenotype 3/3 were enrolled in this study. At each of four sessions, the subjects ingested one of four sugar beverages containing fructose and/or glucose (total: 0.5g/kg body weight) combined with OFTT cream (1g/kg, 0.35g/kg as fat) in a randomized crossover design. The four sugar beverages were as follows: 100% (w/w) fructose (F100), 90% fructose+10% glucose (F90G10), 55% fructose+45% glucose (F55G45) and 100% glucose (G100). Venous blood samples were obtained at baseline and 0.5, one, two, four and six hours after ingestion., RESULTS: The serum concentrations of TG in the F100, F90G10 and F55G45 trials were significantlyhigher than each fasting value at two and four hours, and returned to baseline at six hours, except inthe F100 trial. The concentrations at four hours and the incremental areas under the curve for thehepatic triglyceride-rich lipoprotein-triglyceride (VLDL-TG(TM)) levels in the F100 and F90G10 trialswere significantly higher and larger, respectively, than those observed in the G100 trial. Meanwhile,the concentrations of RLP-TG and apolipoprotein B-48 peaked at two hours in the G100 trial, versusfour hours in the other trials, and did not return to baseline at six hours, except in the G100 trial.At four hours, the apoB48 tended to be higher in the F100 trial than in the G100 trial., CONCLUSIONS: The ingestion of a high-fructose-containing beverage with fat cream delays the clearance of chylomicron and its remnant derived from the intestine and enhances the secretion of triglyceride-rich lipoprotein particles from the liver, thereby inducing postprandial lipidemia, even in young healthy women.
Impact of music therapy on breast milk secretion in mothers of premature newborns.; INTRODUCTION: The promotion of breastfeeding is a simple and efficient strategy in reducing morbidity and mortality in neonates worldwide. Milk from the mother of a Preterm New Born (PTNB) infant contains a higher concentration of nutrients and energy than that produced by mothers of a full-term infant. Studies have shown that music therapy can reduce maternal anxiety, helping mothers cope with the hospitalization of their newborns in Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU)., OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the impact of music therapy on amount of breast milk secretion among mothers of premature newborns by reducing maternal stress., MATERIALS AND METHODS: Mothers of premature babies who were admitted to NICU at a tertiary health care centre were included as subjects. Mothers of premature infants were enrolled in the study once they came to NICU to express breast milk from Dec 2012 to May 2013. Each subject was assessed for 4 sessions on MT (Music Therapy) and 4 sessions on NMT (No Music Therapy) over 4 days. Breast milk was expressed using breast milk pump and quantity was measured for two sessions each day once at 11.00am and other at 4.00pm. Raga malkauns and yaman by flute was used for music therapy. MT was administered for 4 sessions in a randomized manner during the study period of 30mins (15mins prior to and 15mins during Breast milk amount). To assess the psychological stress, PSS questionnaire was administered on day 1 and day 4 of MT. Mother's saliva was collected to estimate salivary cortisol level on the last day of study during the sessions with MT and NMT., RESULTS: Music therapy was associated with a significant reduction in stress level as shown by improved PSS score and reduced salivary cortisol. Subjects who received music therapy had significant increase (p-value- 0.033) in breast milk expression when compared to mothers who didn't., CONCLUSION: Music therapy can be easily used in the breast milk expression room as a method to increase breast milk secretion in mothers who are stressed because of their neonates being admitted in NICU.
Effect of probiotic fermented milk (kefir) on glycemic control and lipid profile in type 2 diabetic patients: a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes is a global health problem in the world. Probiotic food has anti-diabetic property. The aim of this trial was to determine the effect of probiotic fermented milk (kefir) on glucose and lipid profile control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus., METHODS: This randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial was conducted on 60 diabetic patients aged 35 to 65 years.Patients were randomly and equally (n=30) assigned to consume either probiotic fermented milk (kefir) or conventional fermented milk (dough) for 8 weeks. Probiotic group consumed 600 ml/day probiotic fermented milk containing Lactobacillus casei, Lactobacillus acidophilus and Bifidobacteria and control group consumed 600 ml/day conventional fermented milk.Blood samples tested for fasting blood glucose, HbA1C, triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol, HDL-C and LDL-C at the baseline and end of the study., RESULTS: The comparison of fasting blood glucose between two groups after intervention was statistically significant (P=0.01). After intervention, reduced HbA1C compared with the baseline value in probiotic fermented milk group was statistically significant (P=0.001), also the HbA1C level significantly decreased in probiotic group in comparison with control group (P=0.02) adjusting for serum levels of glucose, baseline values of HbA1c and energy intake according to ANCOVA model. Serum triglyceride, total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol and HDL- cholesterol levels were not shown significant differences between and within the groups after intervention., CONCLUSION: Probiotic fermented milk can be useful as a complementary or adjuvant therapy in the treatment of diabetes.
The effect of purslane seeds on glycemic status and lipid profiles of persons with type 2 diabetes: A randomized controlled cross-over clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: We are aware of limited data about the effects of purslane on diabetes. Earlier studies have mostly indicated the beneficial effects in animal models. This study aimed to evaluate the effect of purslane seeds on glycemic status and lipid profiles of persons with type 2 diabetes., MATERIALS AND METHODS: This cross-over randomized controlled clinical trial was conducted on 48 persons with type 2 diabetes. Participants were randomly assigned to receive either 10 g/day purslane seeds with 240 cc low-fat yogurt (intervention group) or only 240 cc low-fat yogurt (as a control group) for 5 weeks. After a 2-week washout period, subjects were moved to the alternate arm for an additional 5 weeks. At baseline and end of each phase of the study, fasting blood samples were collected to quantify plasma glucose levels, as well as serum insulin and lipid profiles. Within-group and between-group changes in anthropometric measures, as well as biochemical indicators, were compared using a paired-samples t-test., RESULTS: Mean age of study participants was 51.4 +/- 6.0 year. We found a significant reduction in weight (-0.57 vs. 0.09 kg, P = 0.003) and body mass index (-0.23 vs. 0.02 kg/m(2), P = 0.004) following purslane seeds consumption. Despite a slight reduction in fasting plasma glucose levels (-2.10 vs. -2.77 mg/dL, P = 0.90), we failed to find any significant effect on serum insulin levels and homeostatic model of assessment of insulin resistance score. Furthermore, purslane consumption decreased serum triglyceride levels (-25.5 vs. -1.8 mg/dL, P = 0.04) but could not affect serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and total cholesterol levels. We observed a significant reduction in systolic blood pressure (-3.33 vs. 0.5 mmHg, P = 0.01) and a borderline significant decrease in diastolic blood pressure (-3.12 vs. -0.93 mmHg, P = 0.09) after purslane seeds intake., CONCLUSION: In summary, consumption of purslane seeds for 5 weeks in persons with type 2 diabetes might improve their anthropometric measures, serum triglyceride levels, and blood pressure. Further studies are required to determine the appropriate dosage for these patients.
Effect of camel milk on blood sugar and lipid profile of patients with type 2 diabetes: a pilot clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: It has been shown that camel milk consumption has a definite decreasing effect on the prevalence of diabetes. However, most of these studies were conducted on patients with type 1 diabetes, whereas studies on patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) are limited. In vitro experiments have shown that camel milk was able to decrease blood glucose concentration., OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this study was to investigate effects of camel and cow milk on blood sugar, lipid profile, and blood pressure of patients with T2DM., PATIENTS AND METHODS: In a randomized single-blinded controlled clinical trial, 20 patients with T2DM were randomly allocated into two groups. Participants consumed 500 mL of either camel milk (intervention group) or cow milk (control group) daily for two months., RESULTS: Mean of insulin concentration was significantly increased from 64.59 to 84.03 pmol/L in the camel milk group during the study (P < 0.05). No significant differences were shown in fasting blood sugar, lipid profile, and blood pressure between the two groups at the end of study. There was significant increase in homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) during the study in both groups, but no significant difference was seen between the two groups., CONCLUSIONS: Camel milk increased insulin level in patients with T2DM and might contribute to glycemic control in T2DM.
The Relationship between Eating and Lifestyle Habits and Cancer in Van Lake Region: Another Endemic Region for Esophageal and Gastric Cancers.; Purpose . To examine the relationship between esophageal and gastric cancers commonly seen in Van Lake region and the traditional eating habits of the geography. Materials and Methods. Esophageal and gastric cancer cases, who underwent surgery between January 1, 2012, and December 31, 2013, were examined. Pathology reports of the patients and presence of Helicobacter pylori (HP) were recorded. Surveys were filled by face to face meeting or telephone call. Control group was created with randomly selected individuals without any cancer diagnosis having age, gender, and socioeconomic characteristics similar to patient group. All data were analyzed using SAS.9.3 statistical programme. Results . Compared with the control group, herby cheese consumption (a component of eating habits) and smoking were significantly higher in the patient group (P < 0.001). Tandoor exposure is compared in terms of female gender, and significant difference was found between the groups (P = 0.0013). As a result of the analysis with logistic regression more than 150 gr of herby cheese consumption per day was found to increase the cancer risk (odds ratio 1.017; 95% CI: 1.012-1.022). Conclusion . A high consumption of herby cheese, cooking bread on tandoor, and heavy smoking were seen to be important risk factors for esophageal and gastric cancers.
Effect of Low-fat Milk Consumption Compared to Apple Juice and Water on the Energy Intake Among 10-12-Year-Old Obese Boys: A Three-way Cross-over Clinical Trial.; BACKGROUND: Appetite lowering characteristics of dairy have attracted scientists to look for its effect on energy intake particularly among children. In the present study, we tried to assess the effect of low-fat milk on total and short-term energy intake among obese boys in a randomized three-way cross-over clinical trial., METHODS: A total of 34 obese 10-12-year-old boys were randomized to consume three beverages (low-fat milk, apple juice, or water) with a fixed energy breakfast for two consecutive days, 1 week apart. Ad libitum lunch was provided for subjects 5 h later. The energy intake from breakfast till lunch and total energy intake on intervention days, and 2 days after intervention were compared. Generalized linear model repeated measures procedure in which test beverages were considered as repeated factors., RESULTS: Energy intake from breakfast till lunch was lower when low-fat milk consumption was included in the breakfast compared with water and apple juice (adjusted mean +/- standard error: Low-fat milk = 1484.33 +/- 15.30 Kcal, apple juice = 1543.39 +/- 20.70 Kcal, water = 1606.6 +/- 19.94 Kcal; P < 0.05). The energy intake on a day before interventions, total energy intake on intervention days, and 2 days after intervention was not statistically different between intervention periods (P > 0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: One serving of low-fat milk might affect the energy intake in a short-term period. The possible effect of frequent consumption of dairy products on long-term energy intake among children is needed to be examined.
Safety and tolerance evaluation of milk fat globule membrane-enriched infant formulas: a randomized controlled multicenter non-inferiority trial in healthy term infants.; OBJECTIVE: This multicenter non-inferiority study evaluated the safety of infant formulas enriched with bovine milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) fractions., METHODS: Healthy, full-term infants (n = 119) age <=14 days were randomized to standard infant formula (control), standard formula enriched with a lipid-rich MFGM fraction (MFGM-L), or standard formula enriched with a protein-rich MFGM fraction (MFGM-P). Primary outcome was mean weight gain per day from enrollment to age 4 months (non-inferiority margin: -3.0 g/day). Secondary (length, head circumference, tolerability, morbidity, adverse events) and exploratory (phospholipids, metabolic markers, immune markers) outcomes were also evaluated., RESULTS: Weight gain was non-inferior in the MFGM-L and MFGM-P groups compared with the control group. Among secondary and exploratory outcomes, few between-group differences were observed. Formula tolerance rates were high (>94%) in all groups. Adverse event and morbidity rates were similar across groups except for a higher rate of eczema in the MFGM-P group (13.9% vs control [3.5%], MFGM-L [1.4%])., CONCLUSION: Both MFGM-enriched formulas met the primary safety endpoint of non-inferiority in weight gain and were generally well tolerated, although a higher rate of eczema was observed in the MFGM-P group.
Postprandial effects on plasma lipids and satiety hormones from intake of liposomes made from fractionated oat oil: two randomized crossover studies.; BACKGROUND: The composition and surface structure of dietary lipids influence their intestinal degradation. Intake of liposomes made of fractionated oat oil (LOO) is suggested to affect the digestion process and postprandial lipemia and also induce satiety., OBJECTIVE: In the present study, the metabolic effects on plasma lipids and gut hormones related to satiety were investigated in healthy individuals after intake of LOO, with dairy lipids as placebo., DESIGN: Two blinded randomized studies with crossover design were performed. In the first study, 19 subjects consumed 35 g lipids from LOO or yoghurt in a breakfast meal. In a follow-up study, 15 women consumed 14 or 1.8 g lipids from LOO mixed in yoghurt. Blood samples were analyzed for plasma lipids, insulin, glucose, and intestinal hormones CCK, PYY, GLP-1, and GLP-2 before and four times after the meal. Subjective analysis of satiety was measured using a visual analog scale questionnaire. Participants recorded their food intake during the rest of the day., RESULTS: Intake of 35 and 14 g lipids from LOO significantly increased plasma concentrations of CCK, GLP-1, GLP-2, and PYY postprandially. This coincided with a prolonged elevation of triglycerides and large cholesterol-containing particles. Non-esterified fatty acids decreased after intake of 14 and 1.8 g lipids from LOO. The subjective sensation of satiety in women was increased 7 h after intake of 35 g lipids from LOO without any difference in food intake. Our results indicate that intake of 14 g lipids from LOO at breakfast substantially reduced energy intake during the rest of the day., CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that intake of LOO prolong lipid digestion, affect postprandial plasma lipids and have an effect on satiety. The effect of LOO on GLP-2 indicates that intake of LOO also improve gut health.
Muscle p70S6K phosphorylation in response to soy and dairy rich meals in middle aged men with metabolic syndrome: a randomised crossover trial.; BACKGROUND: The mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) pathway is the primary regulator of muscle protein synthesis. Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is characterized by central obesity and insulin resistance; little is known about how MetS affects the sensitivity of the mTOR pathway to feeding., METHODS: The responsiveness of mTOR pathway targets such as p706Sk to a high protein meal containing either dairy or soy foods was investigated in healthy insulin sensitive middle-aged men and those presenting with metabolic syndrome (MetS). Twenty male subjects (10 healthy controls, 10 MetS) participated in a single-blinded randomized cross-over study. In a random sequence, subjects ingested energy-matched breakfasts composed predominately of either dairy-protein or soy-protein foods. Skeletal muscle biopsies were collected in the fasted state and at 2 and 4 h post-meal ingestion for the analysis of mTOR- and insulin-signalling kinase activation., RESULTS: Phosphorylated Akt and Insulin receptor substrate 1 (IRS1) increased during the postabsorptive period with no difference between groups. mTOR (Ser448) and ribosomal protein S6 phosphorylation increased 2 h following dairy meal consumption only. p70S6K (Thr389) phosphorylation was increased after feeding only in the control subjects and not in the MetS group., CONCLUSIONS: These data demonstrate that the consumption of a dairy-protein rich but not a soy-protein rich breakfast activates the phosphorylation of mTOR and ribosomal protein S6, required for protein synthesis in human skeletal muscle. Unlike healthy controls, subjects with MetS did not increase muscle p70S6K(Thr389) phosphorylation in response to a mixed meal., TRIAL REGISTRATION: This trial was registered with the Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry (ANZCTR) as ACTRN12610000562077.
Effects of probiotic yogurt consumption on lipid profile in type 2 diabetic patients: A randomized controlled clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: Alteration in plasma lipid and lipoprotein profile has been documented in diabetic patients. The purpose of this study was to compare the effect of probiotic and conventional yogurt on lipid profile in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients., MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 44 patients with type 2 diabetes aged 30-60 years old who had low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c) >=100 mg/dl enrolled in this randomized, double - blind controlled trial and were assigned to two intervention and control groups. The subjects in the intervention group consumed 300 g/d probiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La-5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb-12 and subjects in the control group consumed 300 g/d conventional yogurt for 8 weeks. Anthropometric indices, dietary intake, and serum lipid profile were evaluated at the beginning and end of the intervention. Independent-sample t-test, paired sample t-test, ANCOVA, and repeated measures were used for statistical analysis., RESULTS: The consumption of probiotic yogurt caused significant decrease in LDL-c/high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c) ratio (3.13 +/- 1.00-2.07 +/- 0.71, P = 0.016). The levels of HDL-c were increased significantly (43.66 +/- 6.80-50.42 +/- 6.64, P = 0.023) in the intervention group postintervention. However, there were no significant differences in triglyceride and total cholesterol levels between two groups postintervention (P < 0.05)., CONCLUSION: It is suggested that probiotic yogurt consumption may be used as an alternative prevention approach and treatment method to improve dyslipidemia in patients with type 2 diabetes.
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial evaluating Dermytol( R) cream for the treatment of actinic keratoses.; PURPOSE: Actinic keratosis lesions (AKs) have the potential to develop into squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) and thus therapies to prevent SCC development from AKs are warranted. The aim of this study was to assess the effects of a 3 month application of a canola phenolic acid-based cream (CPA) on AK lesions., PATIENTS AND METHODS: This was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, 12 week clinical study conducted at a single-center in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. Forty-five subjects (30 CPA and 15 placebo), aged 45-85 years with 3-10 AKs within a 20 cm(2) treatment area (scalp, forehead, dorsal forearm, neck, or back of hand) were enrolled. The primary outcome was complete or partial lesion clearance and the secondary outcome was safety of CPA., RESULTS: Although complete AK lesion clearance was not seen in this study, a significant reduction in the mean change from baseline in the average lesion area was observed at weeks 3 (P=0.002), 6 (P<0.001), and 12 (P<0.001) in the CPA group, but only at weeks 6 and 12 in the placebo group (P=0.005 and P=0.002, respectively). Furthermore, the proportion of participants with a $10% decrease in average lesion area was significantly higher in the CPA group than the placebo group at weeks 3 (P=0.05) and 6 (P=0.02), and showed a trend at week 12 (P=0.06). A subset analysis of the change in average lesion area based upon the total lesion area at baseline revealed that CPA elicited a greater reduction than placebo (2x) in participants with a baseline total AK lesion area of 100-500 mm(2) than in participants with a total area <100 mm(2) (1.3x)., CONCLUSION: The results of this study and previous in vitro studies suggest a potential role for CPA in the treatment of AK lesions and the prevention of SCC development.
Effects of probiotic yogurt consumption on inflammatory biomarkers in patients with type 2 diabetes.; INTRODUCTION: The role of inflammatory cytokines in diabetes and its complications has been shown in some studies. The purpose of this study was to compare the effect of probiotic and conventional yogurt on inflammatory markers in patients with type 2 diabetes., METHODS: Forty-four patients with type 2 diabetes were participated in this randomized, double-blind controlled clinical trial and assigned to two intervention and control groups. The subjects in the intervention group consumed 300 g/d probiotic yogurt and subjects in the control group consumed 300 g/d conventional yogurt for 8 weeks. Anthropometric indices, dietary intakes, and serum levels of glucose, HbA1c, IL-6, TNF-alpha and hs-CRP were evaluated at the beginning and end of the intervention., RESULTS: For anthropometric indices and dietary intakes, no significant differences were seen within and between groups post intervention (p> 0.05). The consumption of probiotic yogurt caused significant decrease in HbA1c and TNF-alpha levels (p= 0.032 and p= 0.040, respectively) in the intervention group., CONCLUSION: It is suggested that probiotic yogurt may be used as an alternative prevention approach and treatment method to control diabetic complications.
Beneficial effects of cocoa on lipid peroxidation and inflammatory markers in type 2 diabetic patients and investigation of probable interactions of cocoa active ingredients with prostaglandin synthase-2 (PTGS-2/COX-2) using virtual analysis.; BACKGROUND AND AIM: Altered glucose metabolism, oxidative stress, lipid levels and inflammatory markers are important risk factors in diabetes, cardiovascular, and many other diseases. Cocoa has been shown to exert antioxidant and anti-inflammatory effects. The aim of this study is twofold: to assess the effect of Cocoa on the lipid profile and peroxidation in addition to the inflammatory markers in type 2 diabetic patients, and to represent a virtual model of probable action mechanism of observed clinical effects of Cocoa consumption using in silico analysis and bioinformatics data., METHODS: One hundred subjects with type 2 diabetes were included in a randomized clinical control trial. Fifty treatment subjects received 10 grams cocoa powder and 10 grams milk powder dissolved in 250 ml of boiling water, and the other fifty control subjects received only 10 grams milk powder dissolved in 250 ml boiling water. Both groups were on the mentioned regimen twice daily for 6 weeks. Blood samples were obtained prior to Cocoa consumption and 6 weeks after intervention. Serum lipids and lipoproteins profile, malondialdehyde and inflammatory markers including tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin-6 (IL-6) and high sensitive C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) were measured. For statistical analysis two independent and paired samples t-test and linear regression were used. Bioinformatics and virtual analysis were performed using string data base and Molegro virtual software., RESULTS: Cocoa consumption lowered blood cholesterol,triglyceride, LDL-cholesterol, and TNF-alpha, hs-CRP, IL-6 significantly (P < 0.01). The results showed that the levels of HDL-cholesterol decreased significantly (P < 0.05) but Cocoa inhibited lipid peroxidation in treatment group than control group (P < 0.0001). Virtual analysis showed that the most frequent Cocoa ingredients, (+)-Catechin and (-)-Epicatechin, can dock to the enzyme COX-2., CONCLUSION: These data support the beneficial effect of Cocoa on the lipid peroxidation prevention and inflammatory markers in type 2 diabetic patients. Cocoa ingredients block the Cox-2 activation and reduce inflammatory prostanoids synthesis according to virtual analysis.
Fortification of vitamin A in a phytosterol enriched milk maintains plasma beta-carotene levels.; The aim of the current study was to investigate if the supplementation of vitamin A via a phytosterol enriched low-fat milk could prevent the reduction of plasma beta-carotene concentrations than often occurs after plant sterols' or stanols' intake. A sample of 108 hypercholesterolaemic adults (40-60 years old) was randomized to an enriched milk group that contained among other nutrients phytosterols (0.5 g/100 ml) and vitamin A (111 mug/100 ml) (EMG: n = 40), a placebo plain milk group (PMG: n = 37), and a control group (CG: n = 31) following their usual diet; the EMG and the PMG consumed 500 ml milk per day and in order to ensure compliance with the intervention scheme, attended health and nutrition counselling sessions biweekly over a 3-month period. Dietary intake of vitamin A significantly increased in the EMG compared to the PMG and the CG (P < 0.001) and all groups significantly increased their vegetable consumption. However, no significant differences were found among groups regarding changes in dietary intake of beta-carotene and consumption of fruits. Regarding biochemical indices, total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol and apolipoprotein-B decreased significantly within all study groups, with the decreases being significantly higher in the EMG compared to the CG (-25.4 vs. -9.9; -21.7 vs. -8.2 and -13.2 vs. -3.4 mg/dl, respectively; P < 0.05). Plasma concentrations of beta-carotene did not change in any of the three groups. Extra fortification of a phytosterol enriched milk with vitamin A seems to be useful in maintaining plasma beta-carotene levels of hypercholesterolemic adults after consumption of 2.5 g/d of phytosterols over a 3-month intervention period.
Casein improves brachial and central aortic diastolic blood pressure in overweight adolescents: a randomised, controlled trial.; Arterial stiffness, blood pressure (BP) and blood lipids may be improved by milk in adults and the effects may be mediated via proteins. However, limited is known about the effects of milk proteins on central aortic BP and no studies have examined the effects in children. Therefore, the present trial examined the effect of milk and milk proteins on brachial and central aortic BP, blood lipids, inflammation and arterial stiffness in overweight adolescents. A randomised controlled trial was conducted in 193 overweight adolescents aged 12-15 years. They were randomly assigned to drink 1 litre of water, skimmed milk, whey or casein for 12 weeks. The milk-based test drinks contained 35 g protein/l. The effects were compared with the water group and a pretest control group consisting of thirty-two of the adolescents followed 12 weeks before the start of the intervention. Outcomes were brachial and central aortic BP, pulse wave velocity and augmentation index, serum C-reactive protein and blood lipids. Brachial and central aortic diastolic BP (DBP) decreased by 2.7% (P = 0.036) and 2.6 % (P = 0.048), respectively, within the casein group and the changes were significantly different from those of the pretest control group (P = 0.040 and P = 0.034, respectively). There was a significant increase in central aortic DBP, and in brachial and central systolic BP in the whey group compared with the water group (P = 0.003, P = 0.009 and P = 0.002, respectively). There were no changes in measures of arterial stiffness or blood lipid concentrations. A high intake of casein improves DBP in overweight adolescents. Thus, casein may be beneficial for younger overweight subjects in terms of reducing the long-term risk of CVD. In contrast, whey protein seems to increase BP compared with drinking water; however, water may be considered an active control group.
Effects of milk thistle seed against aflatoxin B1 in broiler model.; BACKGROUND: Consumption of aflatoxin B1 (AFB1) contaminated products can pose a risk of development of various diseases in human and animals due to radical production. The scope of this work is to evaluate the efficacy of milk thistle seed (MTS), as a radical scavenger, on serum biochemistry, lipid profile and liver enzymes against AFB1 in broiler chickens contaminated with AFB1., MATERIALS AND METHODS: The effect of nine experimental treatments (3 x 3 factorial design) was assessed using 216 one-d-old Ross 308 male broiler chicks in a randomized complete design with four replicates of six birds for each dietary treatments: Control (T1), 250 ppb AFB1 (T2), 500 ppb AFB1 (T3), 0.5% MTS (T4), 0.5% MTS Plus 250 ppb AFB1 (T5), 0.5% MTS Plus 500 ppb AFB1 (T6), 1.0% MTS (T7), 1.0% MTS Plus 250 ppb AFB1 (T8), and 1.0% MTS Plus 500 ppb AFB1 (T9). The individual and combined effects of dietary AFB1 and MTS on serum biochemistry factors (Glucose, Calcium, Phosphorus, Iron, Creatinine, and Uric acid), lipid profile (Triglyceride, Cholesterol, Low density lipoprotein (LDL), and High density lipoprotein (HDL)) and liver enzymes aspartate amino-transferase and alanine amino-transaminase (ALT) in broilers were evaluated at 21 days of age. Also, statistical packages Macros-1.002 (2010) were used to perform the above analysis on computer., RESULTS: Consumption of 500 ppb AFB1 in to the diet significantly decreased HDL (58.13 +/- 2.65), Calcium (7.11 +/- 0.13), and Glucose (197.1 +/- 7.42) compared to the control group (85.12 +/- 1.95, 9.45 +/- 0.17 and 223.1 +/- 6.61, respectively), (P < 0.05). In contrast, it significantly increased creatinine (2.25 +/- 0.011) and AST (244.51 +/- 4.91). Using MTS together with AFB1 significantly reduced the effect of AFB1 on the above parameters., CONCLUSION: MTS can provide protection against the negative effects of AFB1 on broiler chicks.
Dietary patterns and cardiovascular disease-related risks in chinese older adults.; Studies of Western populations demonstrate a relationship between dietary patterns and cardiovascular-related risk factors. Similar research regarding Chinese populations is limited. This study explored the dietary patterns of Chinese older adults and their association with cardiovascular-related risk factors, including hypertension, obesity, and metabolic syndrome. Data were collected using a 34-item Chinese food frequency questionnaire from 750 randomly selected older adults aged 50-88 who participated in the study in 2012. Factor analysis revealed four dietary patterns: a "traditional food pattern," consisting of vegetable, fruit, rice, pork, and fish; a "fast and processed food pattern" consisting of fast or processed food products, sugar, and confectionery; a "soybean, grain, and flour food pattern"; and a "dairy, animal liver, and other animal food pattern." These patterns explained 17.48, 9.52, 5.51, and 4.80% of the variances in food intake, respectively. This study suggests that specific dietary patterns are evident in Chinese older adults. Moderate intake of "traditional Chinese food" is associated with decreased blood pressure and cholesterol level. A dietary pattern rich in soybeans, grains, potatoes, and flour is associated with reduced metabolic factors including reduced triglycerides, fasting glucose, waist circumference, and waist-hip ratio, and a high level of dairy, animal liver, and other animal intake food pattern is associated with increased level of Body Mass Index. In conclusion, this study revealed identifiable dietary patterns among Chinese older adults that are significantly related to blood pressure and metabolic biomarkers. Further study using prospective cohort or intervention study should be used to confirm the association between dietary patterns and blood pressure and metabolic factors.
Efficacy of topical alpha ointment (containing natural henna) compared to topical hydrocortisone (1%) in the healing of radiation-induced dermatitis in patients with breast cancer: a randomized controlled clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: This two-arm, randomized clinical study aimed to compare efficacy between topical Alpha ointment and topical hydrocortisone cream (1%) in the healing of radiation-induced dermatitis in breast cancer patients., METHODS: The inclusion criteria comprised newly pathologically proven, locally advanced breast cancer (treated with modified radical mastectomy followed by sequential adjuvant treatments, including chest wall radiotherapy [45-50.4 Gy]) and grade 2 and/or 3 chest wall dermatitis. The exclusion criteria were comprised of any underlying disease or medications interfering with the wound healing process, previous history of chest wall radiotherapy, and concurrent use of chemotherapy. Sixty eligible patients were randomly assigned to use either topical Alpha ointment (study arm, n=30) or topical hydrocortisone cream (1%) (control arm, n=30) immediately after receiving a total dose of 45-50 Gy chest wall radiotherapy., RESULTS: The mean radiation dose was 49.1 Gy in the control arm and 48.8 Gy in the study arm. The mean dermatitis area was 13.54 cm(2) in the control arm and 17.02 cm(2) in the study arm. Topical Alpha ointment was more effective on the healing of radiation-induced dermatitis than was topical hydrocortisone cream (1%) (P=0.001). This effect was significant in the second week (P=0.007). In addition, Alpha ointment decreased the patients' complaints such as pain (P<0.001), pruritus (P=0.009), and discharge (P=0.010) effectively and meaningfully., CONCLUSION: Topical Alpha ointment was more effective on the healing of radiation-induced dermatitis than was topical hydrocortisone cream (1%) in our patients with breast cancer., TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBERS: IRCT201206099979N1, ACTRN12612000837820.
Association between dairy and calcium intake and general and central obesity among female students.; BACKGROUND: Nowadays, obesity is considered a worldwide problem. Although genetics is one of the factors associated with obesity, its predisposing factors include nutritional and environmental factors. Several studies have addressed the relationship between nutritional factors and general and central adiposity. Therefore, the purpose of this study was to determine the relationship between the consumption of dairy products and prevalence of obesity and central obesity in young female university students at the Isfahan University of Medical Sciences., MATERIALS AND METHODS: This cross-sectional study was conducted on 236 healthy female university students in the age range of 18 and 30 years who were selected randomly from among the students at the Isfahan University of Medical Sciences, Iran. A previously validated semiquantitative food questionnaire was used to assess their entire dietary component intake. Physical activity was evaluated by recording daily physical activities., FINDINGS: The prevalence of obesity, central adiposity, and excess weight was 1.7, 0.9, and 8.1%, respectively. The mean values of body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference were 21.54 kg/m(2) and 70.37 cm, respectively. Moreover, the mean value of dairy product consumption was 444.24 g/day. The results showed no significant relationship between dairy or calcium intake and weight and waist circumference as well as prevalence of obesity, central adiposity, and excess weight (P>0.05)., CONCLUSION: There was no significant relationship between the consumption of dairy products and calcium intake and excess weight, obesity, and central adiposity among female university students. However, this study is important in that the prevalence of obesity, central adiposity, and excess weight along with the mean values of BMI and waist circumference are reported.
A review of the treatment options for skin rash induced by EGFR-targeted therapies: Evidence from randomized clinical trials and a meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Agents targeting the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) are amongst the most extensively used of the targeted agents in the therapy of some of the most common solid tumors. Although they avoid many of the classic side effects associated with cytotoxic chemotherapy, they are associated with unpleasant cutaneous toxicities which can affect treatment compliance and impinge on patient quality of life. To date, despite a plethora of consensus recommendations, expert opinions and reviews, there is a paucity of evidence-based guidance for the management of the skin rash that occurs in the treatment of patients receiving EGFR-targeted therapies., METHODS: A literature search was conducted as a first step towards investigating not only an evidence-based approach to the management of skin rash, but also with a view to designing future randomized trials., RESULTS: The literature search identified seven randomized trials and a meta-analysis was conducted using the data from four of these trials involving oral antibiotics. The meta-analysis of the data from these four trials suggests that prophylactic antibiotics might reduce the relative risk of severe rash associated with EGFR-targeted agents by 42-77%. Vitamin K cream was also identified as having a potential role in the management EGFR-targeted agent induced rash., CONCLUSIONS: This review and meta-analysis clearly identify the need for further randomized studies of the role of oral antibiotics in this setting. The results of the ongoing randomized trials of the topical application of vitamin K cream plus or minus doxycycline and employing prophylactic versus reactive strategies are eagerly awaited.
Effect of Lactobacillus gasseri BNR17 on Overweight and Obese Adults: A Randomized, Double-Blind Clinical Trial.; BACKGROUND: Lactobacillus gasseri BNR17 is a type of probiotic strain isolated from human breast milk. A study was reported regarding the fact that BNR17 was an inhibitor of obesity and diabetic activities in the human body through previous animal experiments. This study was furthered to investigate the effect of BNR17, a probiotic strain isolated from human breast milk, on obese and overweight adults., METHODS: Sixty-two obese volunteers aged 19 to 60 with body mass index >= 23 kg/m(2) and fasting blood sugar >= 100 mg/dL participated in a placebo controlled, randomized, and double-blind trial. For 12 weeks, 57 participants were given either placebo or BNR17 and were tested by measuring body fat, body weight, various biochemical parameters, vital signs, and computed tomography at the start of the study and at weeks 4, 8, and 12. The subjects assumed usual daily activities without having to make behavioral or dietary modifications during the course of the study., RESULTS: At the 12th week, a slight reduction in body weight was noted in the BNR17 group, but there were no significant weight changes between groups. Decrease of waist and hip circumferences in the BNR17 group was more pronounced than those in the placebo group. The two groups had no special or severe adverse reactions., CONCLUSION: Despite there being no change in behavior or diet, administration of only the supplement of BNR17 reduced weight and waist and hip circumference. However, there were no significant differences between the two groups. These findings warrant a subsequent longer-term prospective clinical investigation with a large population.
A comparative clinical evaluation of once daily versus alternate day application of topical clobetasol propionate cream in psoriasis.; BACKGROUND: Corticosteroids are extremely useful in the treatment of inflammatory skin disorders. Topical steroid applications are the most effective treatment for all types of psoriasis., AIMS: To compare the efficacy of once daily versus alternate day application of topical steroid clobetasol propionate 0.05% (Tenovate cream R) in patients who have mild to moderate plaque psoriasis., SETTINGS AND DESIGN: This study was conducted on 89 patients of plaque psoriasis, who attended the skin OPD in our hospital., METHODS AND MATERIAL: The patients who had a mild to moderate severity of plaque psoriasis were selected. Those patients who required systemic corticosteroids, those who were already undergoing any psoriasis treatment, those who had any other debilitating illness and pregnant and lactating women were excluded from the study. Eighty nine patients were enrolled for the study after taking written informed consent from them and they were randomly allocated into two groups. Two patients dropped out, one in each group and 1 of group 2 was prescribed systemic corticosteroids.Group 1- once daily application (n= 44)Group 2- alternate day application (n= 42)An objective scoring was done on the basis of the PSI (Psoriasis Severity Index) score, which was graded from 0-4. Follow ups were done in the 2nd, 4th and 6th weeks., STATISTICAL ANALYSIS: It was done by the Student's 't' test and ANOVA., RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS: The results showed that there was equal improvement in both the groups in the 2nd week, since the p-value was not significant (P> 0.05), but in the 4th and 6th weeks, there was less improvement in the alternate day group (P< 0.05). An intra group comparison indicated that clobetasol was effective both in the once daily and the alternate day groups, but clinical and symptomatic improvement occurred more quickly in the once daily group after 6 weeks of assessment. Thus, it can be concluded that the alternate day application of the topical steroid clobetasol propionate cream is as effective as the once daily application in the initial 2 weeks, but by 6 weeks, its efficacy decreases. Therefore, initially, we can advocate a less frequent application of potent topical steroids but for the complete remission of the disease, the application frequency should be once daily.
Effects of aroma massage on home blood pressure, ambulatory blood pressure, and sleep quality in middle-aged women with hypertension.; The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effects of aroma massage applied to middle-aged women with hypertension. The research study had a nonequivalent control group, nonsynchronized design to investigate the effect on home blood pressure (BP), ambulatory BP, and sleep. The hypertensive patients were allocated into the aroma massage group (n = 28), the placebo group (n = 28), and the no-treatment control group (n = 27). To evaluate the effects of aroma massage, the experimental group received a massage with essential oils prescribed by an aromatherapist once a week and body cream once a day. The placebo group received a massage using artificial fragrance oil once a week and body cream once a day. BP, pulse rate, sleep conditions, and 24-hour ambulatory BP were monitored before and after the experiment. There was a significant difference in home systolic blood pressure (SBP) (F = 6.71, P = 0.002) between groups after intervention. There was also a significant difference in SBP (F = 13.34, P = 0.001) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) (F = 8.46, P = 0.005) in the laboratory between aroma massage and placebo groups. In sleep quality, there was a significant difference between groups (F = 6.75, P = 0.002). In conclusion, aroma massage may help improve patient quality of life and maintain health as a nursing intervention in daily life.
Fermented milk for hypertension.; BACKGROUND: Fermented milk has been suggested to have a blood pressure lowering effect through increased content of proteins and peptides produced during the bacterial fermentation. Hypertension is one of the major risk factors for cardiovascular disease world wide and new blood pressure reducing lifestyle interventions, such as fermented milk, would be of great importance., OBJECTIVES: To investigate whether fermented milk or similar products produced by lactobacilli fermentation of milk proteins has any blood pressure lowering effect in humans when compared to no treatment or placebo., SEARCH METHODS: The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), English language databases, including MEDLINE (1966-2011), EMBASE (1974-2011), Cochrane Complementary Medicine Trials Register, Allied and Complementary Medicine (AMED) (1985-2011), Food science and technology abstracts (1969-2011)., SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised controlled trials; cross over and parallel studies evaluating the effect on blood pressure of fermented milk in humans with an intervention period of 4 weeks or longer., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Data was extracted individually by two authors, afterwards agreement had to be obtained before imputation in the review., MAIN RESULTS: A modest overall effect of fermented milk on SBP was found (MD -2.45; 95% CI -4.30 to -0.60), no effect was evident on DBP (MD -0.67; 95% CI -1.48, 0.14)., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: The review does not support an effect of fermented milk on blood pressure. Despite the positive effect on SBP the authors conclude, for several reasons, that fermented milk has no effect on blood pressure. The effect found was very modest and only on SBP, the included studies were very heterogeneous and several with weak methodology. Finally, sensitivity and subgroup analyses could not reproduce the antihypertensive effect. The results do not give notion to the use of fermented milk as treatment for hypertension or as a lifestyle intervention for pre-hypertension nor would it influence population blood pressure.
Non surgical therapy for anal fissure.; BACKGROUND: Because of the disability associated with surgery for anal fissure and the risk of incontinence, medical alternatives for surgery have been sought. Most recently, pharmacologic methods that relax the anal smooth muscle, to accomplish reversibly what occurs in surgery, have been used to obtain fissure healing., OBJECTIVES: To assess the efficacy and morbidity of various medical therapies for anal fissure., SEARCH METHODS: Search terms include "anal fissure randomized". Timing from 1966 to August 2010. Further details of the search below., SELECTION CRITERIA: Studies in which participants were randomized to a non-surgical therapy for anal fissure. Comparison groups may include an operative procedure, an alternate medical therapy or placebo. Chronic fissure, acute fissure and fissure in children are included in the review. Atypical fissures associated with inflammatory bowel disease or cancer or anal infection are excluded., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Data were abstracted from published reports and meeting abstracts, assessing method of randomization, blinding, "intention to treat" and drop-outs, therapies, supportive measures (applied to both groups), dosing and frequency and cross-overs. Dichotomous outcome measures included Non-healing of the fissure (a combination of persistence and recurrence), and Adverse events (including incontinence, headache, infection, anaphylaxis). Continuous outcome measures included measures of pain relief and anorectal manometry., MAIN RESULTS: In this update 23 studies including 1236 participants is added to the 54 studies and 3904 participants in the 2008 publication, however 2 studies were from the last version reclassified as un included, so the final number of participants is 5031.49 different comparisons of the ability of medical therapies to heal anal fissure have been reported in 75 RCTs. Seventeen agents were used (nitroglycerin ointment (GTN), isosorbide mono & dinitrate, Botulinum toxin (Botox), diltiazem, nifedipine (Calcium channel blockers or CCBs), hydrocortisone, lignocaine, bran, minoxidil, indoramin, clove oil, L-arginine, sitz baths, sildenafil, "healer cream" and placebo) as well as Sitz baths, anal dilators and surgical sphincterotomy. GTN was found to be marginally but significantly better than placebo in healing anal fissure (48.9% vs. 35.5%, p < 0.0009), but late recurrence of fissure was common, in the range of 50% of those initially cured. Botox and CCBs were equivalent to GTN in efficacy with fewer adverse events. No medical therapy came close to the efficacy of surgical sphincterotomy, though none of the medical therapies in these RCTs were associated with the risk of incontinence., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: Medical therapy for chronic anal fissure, currently consisting of topical glyceryl trinitrate, botulinum toxin injection or the topical calcium channel blockers nifedipine or diltiazem in acute and chronic fissure and fissure in children may be applied with a chance of cure that is marginally better than placebo. For chronic fissure in adults all medical therapies are far less effective than surgery. A few of the newer agents investigated show promise based only upon single studies (clove oil, sildenifil and a "healer cream") but lack comparison to more established medications.
Dietary patterns differ between urban and rural older, long-term survivors of breast, prostate, and colorectal cancer and are associated with body mass index.; BACKGROUND: Older adult cancer survivors are at greater risk of cancer recurrence and other comorbidities that can be prevented through improved diet and weight management. The tertiary prevention needs of rural-dwelling survivors can be even greater, yet little is known about rural and urban differences in lifestyle factors among this high-risk population., OBJECTIVES: To compare dietary patterns of urban and rural cancer survivors and to examine associations of dietary patterns with body mass index (BMI)., DESIGN: A secondary analysis was performed of baseline data from the Reach Out to Enhance Wellness (RENEW) trial, a diet and exercise intervention among overweight, long-term (>=5 years), older survivors of colorectal, breast, and prostate cancer. Survivors in the present analysis (n=729) underwent two 45- to 60-minute telephone surveys, which included two 24-hour dietary recalls. Principal components analysis and multivariable general linear models were used to derive dietary patterns and to evaluate associations between dietary patterns and BMI, respectively., RESULTS: Principal components analysis identified three primary dietary patterns among rural dwellers (high sweets and starches, high reduced-fat dairy, cereal, nuts, and fruits, and mixed) and three among urban dwellers (high fruits and vegetables, high meat and refined grains, and high sugar-sweetened beverages). Among rural survivors, greater adherence to the high reduced-fat dairy, cereal, nuts, and fruits pattern was positively associated with lower BMI (P trend <0.05), whereas higher scores on the mixed pattern was associated with greater BMI (P trend <0.05). Greater adherence to the high fruits and vegetables pattern among urban survivors was inversely associated with BMI (P trend <0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: Urban and rural differences in dietary intake behavior should be considered in designing public health interventions among the increasing population of older cancer survivors. In addition, targeting overall dietary patterns might be one approach to help reduce the burden of obesity among this population. Copyright © 2012 Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Efficacy of U.S. paediatric obesity primary care guidelines: two randomized trials.; OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to examine the efficacy of U.S. primary care paediatric obesity treatment recommendations, within two randomized trials., METHODS: Between November 2005 to September 2007, 182 families (children aged 4-9 years, body mass index [BMI] >=85th percentile) were recruited for two separate trials and randomized within trial to a 6-month intervention. Each trial had one intervention that increased child growth-monitoring frequency and feedback to families (GROWTH MONITORING). Each trial also had two interventions, combining GROWTH MONITORING with an eight-session, behavioural, parent-only intervention targeting two energy-balance behaviours (Trial 1: reducing snack foods and sugar-sweetened beverages [DECREASE], and increasing fruits, vegetables and low-fat dairy [INCREASE]; Trial 2: decreasing sugar-sweetened beverages and increasing physical activity [TRADITIONAL] and increasing low-fat milk consumption and reducing television watching [SUBSTITUTES]). Child standardized BMI (ZBMI) and energy intake were assessed at 0, 6 and 12 months., RESULTS: In both trials, main effects of time were found for ZBMI, which decreased at 6 and 12 months (P < 0.01). In Trial 1, ZBMI reduced from 0 to 6 months, which was maintained from 6 to 12 months (DELTAZBMI 0 to 12 months = -0.12 +/- 0.22). In Trial 2, ZBMI reduced from 0 to 6 and from 6 to 12 months (DELTAZBMI 0-12 months = -0.16 +/- 0.31). For energy intake, main effects of time were found in both trials and intake reduced from 0 to 6 months (P < 0.05), with Trial 1 reducing intake from 0 to 12 months (P < 0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: All interventions improved weight status. Future research should examine effectiveness and translatability of these approaches into primary care settings. Copyright © 2011 The Authors Pediatric Obesity © 2011 International Association for the Study of Obesity.
An urea, arginine and carnosine based cream (Ureadin Rx Db ISDIN) shows greater efficacy in the treatment of severe xerosis of the feet in Type 2 diabetic patients in comparison with glycerol-based emollient cream. A randomized, assessor-blinded, controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Xerosis is a common skin disorder frequently observed in diabetic patients. An effective hydration of foot skin in diabetics is a relevant preventive strategy in order to maintain a healthy foot. Urea is considered an effective hydrating and emollient topical product. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the efficacy of topical urea 5% with arginine and carnosine (Ureadin Rx Db, ISDIN Spain) (UC) in comparison with glycerol-based emollient topical product (Dexeryl, Pierre Fabre) (EC), in Type 2 diabetic patients., METHODS: We assessed the effect of UC on skin hydration in a randomized, evaluator-blinded comparative study in 40 type II diabetic patients, aged 40-75 years, treated with UC or the comparator for 28 days with a twice-daily application. The principal outcomes were the Dryness Area Severity Index (DASI) Score and the Visual Analogue Score (VAS) for skin dryness evaluated at baseline and at the end of study period by an investigator unaware of treatment allocation., RESULTS: UC induced significantly greater hydration than EC with an 89% reduction in DASI score (from 1.6 to 0.2; p < 0.001) in comparison with baseline values. After 4 weeks, compared with the control group, DASI score in UC treated group was significantly lower (0.2 vs. 1.0; p = 0.048). VAS score (high values mean better hydration) significantly increased in both groups during treatment. VAS score at the end of treatment period was significantly higher in UC group in comparison with EC group (9.8 vs. 8.2; p = 0.05)., CONCLUSION: Application of urea 5%, arginine and carnosine cream increases skin hydration and alleviates the condition of skin dryness in Type 2 diabetic patients in comparison with a control glycerol-based emollient product. (Dutch Trials Register trial number 3328).
Whey protein and essential amino acids promote the reduction of adipose tissue and increased muscle protein synthesis during caloric restriction-induced weight loss in elderly, obese individuals.; BACKGROUND: Excess adipose tissue and sarcopenia presents a multifaceted clinical challenge that promotes morbidity and mortality in the obese, elderly population. Unfortunately, the mortality risks of muscle loss may outweigh the potential benefits of weight loss in the elderly. We have previously demonstrated the effectiveness of whey protein and essential amino acids towards the preservation of lean tissue, even under the conditions of strict bedrest in the elderly., METHODS: In the context of caloric restriction-based weight loss, we hypothesized that a similar formulation given as a meal replacement (EAAMR) would foster the retention of lean tissue through an increase in the skeletal muscle fractional synthesis rate (FSR). We also proposed that EAAMR would promote the preferential loss of adipose tissue through the increased energy cost of skeletal muscle FSR. We recruited and randomized 12 elderly individuals to an 8 week, caloric restriction diet utilizing equivalent caloric meal replacements (800 kcal/day): 1) EAAMR or a 2) competitive meal replacement (CMR) in conjunction with 400 kcal of solid food that totaled 1200 kcal/day designed to induce 7% weight loss. Combined with weekly measurements of total body weight and body composition, we also measured the acute change in the skeletal muscle FSR to EAAMR and CMR., RESULTS: By design, both groups lost ~7% of total body weight. While EAAMR did not promote a significant preservation of lean tissue, the reduction in adipose tissue was greater in EAAMR compared to CMR. Interestingly, these results corresponded to an increase in the acute skeletal muscle protein FSR., CONCLUSION: The provision of EAAMR during caloric restriction-induced weight loss promotes the preferential reduction of adipose tissue and the modest loss of lean tissue in the elderly population.
Children who acquire HIV infection perinatally are at higher risk of early death than those acquiring infection through breastmilk: a meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Assumptions about survival of HIV-infected children in Africa without antiretroviral therapy need to be updated to inform ongoing UNAIDS modelling of paediatric HIV epidemics among children. Improved estimates of infant survival by timing of HIV-infection (perinatally or postnatally) are thus needed., METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS: A pooled analysis was conducted of individual data of all available intervention cohorts and randomized trials on prevention of HIV mother-to-child transmission in Africa. Studies were right-censored at the time of infant antiretroviral initiation. Overall mortality rate per 1000 child-years of follow-up was calculated by selected maternal and infant characteristics. The Kaplan-Meier method was used to estimate survival curves by child's HIV infection status and timing of HIV infection. Individual data from 12 studies were pooled, with 12,112 children of HIV-infected women. Mortality rates per 1,000 child-years follow-up were 39.3 and 381.6 for HIV-uninfected and infected children respectively. One year after acquisition of HIV infection, an estimated 26% postnatally and 52% perinatally infected children would have died; and 4% uninfected children by age 1 year. Mortality was independently associated with maternal death (adjusted hazard ratio 2.2, 95%CI 1.6-3.0), maternal CD4<350 cells/ml (1.4, 1.1-1.7), postnatal (3.1, 2.1-4.1) or peri-partum HIV-infection (12.4, 10.1-15.3)., CONCLUSIONS/RESULTS: These results update previous work and inform future UNAIDS modelling by providing survival estimates for HIV-infected untreated African children by timing of infection. We highlight the urgent need for the prevention of peri-partum and postnatal transmission and timely assessment of HIV infection in infants to initiate antiretroviral care and support for HIV-infected children.
Treatment of moderate acute malnutrition with ready-to-use supplementary food results in higher overall recovery rates compared with a corn-soya blend in children in southern Ethiopia: an operations research trial.; BACKGROUND: Moderate and severe acute malnutrition affects 13% of children <5 y of age worldwide. Severe acute malnutrition affects fewer children but is associated with higher rates of mortality and morbidity. Supplementary feeding programs aim to treat moderate acute malnutrition and prevent the deterioration to severe acute malnutrition., OBJECTIVE: The aim was to compare recovery rates of children with moderate acute malnutrition in supplementary feeding programs by using the newly recommended ration of ready-to-use supplementary food (RUSF) and the more conventional ration of corn-soya blend (CSB) in Ethiopia., DESIGN: A total of 1125 children aged 6-60 mo with moderate acute malnutrition received 16 wk of CSB or RUSF. Children were randomly assigned to receive one or the other food. The daily rations were purposely based on the conventional treatment rations distributed at the time of the study in Ethiopia: 300 g CSB and 32 g vegetable oil in the control group (1413 kcal) and 92 g RUSF in the intervention group (500 kcal). The higher ration size of CSB was provided because of expected food sharing., RESULTS: The HR for children in the CSB group was 0.85 (95% CI: 0.73, 0.99), which indicated that they had 15% lower recovery (P = 0.039). Recovery rates of children at the end of the 16-wk treatment period trended higher in the RUSF group (73%) than in the CSB group (67%) (P = 0.056)., CONCLUSION: In comparison with CSB, the treatment of moderate acute malnutrition with RUSF resulted in higher recovery rates in children, despite the large ration size and higher energy content of the conventional CSB ration.
A novel fortified blended flour, corn-soy blend "plus-plus," is not inferior to lipid-based ready-to-use supplementary foods for the treatment of moderate acute malnutrition in Malawian children.; BACKGROUND: Children with moderate acute malnutrition (MAM) are often treated with fortified blended flours, most commonly a corn-soy blend (CSB). However, recovery rates remain <75%, lower than the rate achieved with peanut paste-based ready-to-use supplementary foods (RUSFs). To bridge this gap, a novel CSB recipe fortified with oil and dry skim milk, "CSB++," has been developed., OBJECTIVE: In this trial we compared CSB++ with 2 RUSF products for the treatment of MAM to test the hypothesis that the recovery rate achieved with CSB++ will not be >5% worse than that achieved with either RUSF., DESIGN: We conducted a prospective, randomized, investigator-blinded, controlled noninferiority trial involving rural Malawian children aged 6-59 mo with MAM. Children received 75 kcal CSB++ . kg(-1) . d(-1), locally produced soy RUSF, or an imported soy/whey RUSF for <=12 wk., RESULTS: The recovery rate for CSB++ (n = 763 of 888; 85.9%) was similar to that for soy RUSF (795 of 806, 87.7%; risk difference: -1.82%; 95% CI: -4.95%, 1.30%) and soy/whey RUSF (807 of 918, 87.9%; risk difference: -1.99%; 95% CI: -5.10%, 1.13%). On average, children who received CSB++ required 2 d longer to recover, and the rate of weight gain was less than that with either RUSF, although height gain was the same among all 3 foods studied., CONCLUSIONS: A novel, locally produced, fortified blended flour (CSB++) was not inferior to a locally produced soy RUSF and an imported soy/whey RUSF in facilitating recovery from MAM. The recovery rate observed for CSB++ was higher than that for any other fortified blended flour tested previously. This trial is registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00998517.
Evaluation of nutritional knowledge of second grade school children and assessment of their dietary intake.; The aim of the study was assessment of the general nutrition knowledge and physical activity rate among the first grade school age children and evaluation of their diet and nutritional skills based on the parental interviews. Cross-sectional study was conducted in randomly selected schools of Tbilisi. In each school was selected one group of the second grade children and their parents by cluster selection method. A population of 290 children aged 6-8 years and their parents were interviewed. The statistical analysis was carried out by means of the SPPS 17. Questionnaires, except those with incomplete answers (n=30), were used for the analytical data. The study shows that in general, the level of knowledge related to rich sources of nutrients was poor. The most of the children can't identify the role of calcium (72,6%), proteins (68,1%) and iron (84,6 %). Children prefer to eat and select foods which they like (71,8%), such as sweets and cakes, hamburgers, chips and etc. The study showed that the most of the children (83,3%) have normal weight for age, underweight was revealed in 3,1% of children, more frequent was overweight (12,3%) and obesity (1,4%). There wasn't significant difference of overweight and underweight distribution in boys and girls. The assessment of child dietary intake show, that intake of fruits and vegetables, as well as milk and milk products is quite low, while intake of bread and pastry, and sweets and cakes are quite high. Daily consumption of sweets and snacks was significantly higher in girls (64.2%) than in boys (47.5%) (p<0.01). The study revealed that only 62 % of children eat the breakfast, in frequent cases children eat very fast (26,1%), 47,8 % of children need to remind to wash hands before eating, most children 60,4% view TV during the meal time or play computer games. The most of the children play the active games approximately 30-60 minutes, quite often children play active games only 20-30 minutes that is much less then WHO recommendations. The parent questionnaires reveal that most frequent problem that influenced child nutrition is lack of information about healthy feeding (55%), lack of time for preparation of food (33%), inability to control child's feeding (36%), financial deficit (4%). The dietary intake of children does not correspond to WHO recommendations. It is recommended on the one hand to conduct country wide assessment of dietary intake of children and adolescent and on the other hand to implement nutrition education programs.
How feasible is Baby-led Weaning as an approach to infant feeding? A review of the evidence.; Baby-Led Weaning (BLW) is an alternative method for introducing complementary foods to infants in which the infant feeds themselves hand-held foods instead of being spoon-fed by an adult. The BLW infant also shares family food and mealtimes and is offered milk (ideally breast milk) on demand until they self-wean. Anecdotal evidence suggests that many parents are choosing this method instead of conventional spoon-feeding of purees. Observational studies suggest that BLW may encourage improved eating patterns and lead to a healthier body weight, although it is not yet clear whether these associations are causal. This review evaluates the literature with respect to the prerequisites for BLW, which we have defined as beginning complementary foods at six months (for safety reasons), and exclusive breastfeeding to six months (to align with WHO infant feeding guidelines); the gross and oral motor skills required for successful and safe self-feeding of whole foods from six months; and the practicalities of family meals and continued breastfeeding on demand. Baby-Led Weaning will not suit all infants and families, but it is probably achievable for most. However, ultimately, the feasibility of BLW as an approach to infant feeding can only be determined in a randomized controlled trial. Given the popularity of BLW amongst parents, such a study is urgently needed.
Short-term effect of macronutrient composition and glycemic index of a yoghurt breakfast on satiety and mood in healthy young men.; BACKGROUND: Promoting satiety and repressing appetite is one major goal in the dietetic therapy of obesity. In the past, several studies investigated the effect of different macronutrients, especially protein and carbohydrates, on short- and long-term satiety in humans. This paper aims to directly compare the effect of protein, rolled oats (low glycemic index), sugar or cornflakes (high glycemic index), and walnuts (high amount of omega-3 fatty acids) as ingredients of a yoghurt breakfast on short-term hunger and satiety in one setting. A second objective was to study the effect of these yoghurt breakfasts on mental state., METHODS: 14 healthy male volunteers participated in this randomized, controlled, cross-over design study. After consuming the different test meals, volunteers repeatedly completed 2 questionnaires over a total of 3 h., RESULTS: The protein meal showed the highest satiety scores and the controls (low-calorie yoghurt) the lowest. The other test meals were not different among each other. Regarding mental state (mood, fatigue, and calmness), no significant difference between the test meals and the low-calorie control was observed., CONCLUSION: The glycemic index does not seem to modify satiety in this short-term setting. The similar mental state between low- and high-calorie breakfasts deserves further investigations. Copyright © 2012 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Skim milk, whey, and casein increase body weight and whey and casein increase the plasma C-peptide concentration in overweight adolescents.; In adults, dietary protein seems to induce weight loss and dairy proteins may be insulinotropic. However, the effect of milk proteins in adolescents is unclear. The objective was to test whether milk and milk proteins reduce body weight, waist circumference, homeostatic model assessment, plasma insulin, and insulin secretion estimated as the plasma C-peptide concentration in overweight adolescents. Overweight adolescents (n = 203) aged 12-15 y with a BMI of 25.4 +/- 2.3 kg/m(2) (mean +/- SD) were randomized to 1 L/d of skim milk, whey, casein, or water for 12 wk. All milk drinks contained 35 g protein/L. Before randomization, a subgroup of adolescents (n = 32) was studied for 12 wk before the intervention began as a pretest control group. The effects of the milk-based test drinks were compared with baseline (wk 0), the water group, and the pretest control group. Diet and physical activity were registered. Outcomes were BMI-for-age Z-scores (BAZs), waist circumference, plasma insulin, homeostatic model assessment, and plasma C-peptide. We found no change in BAZ in the pretest control and water groups, whereas it was greater at 12 wk in the skim milk, whey, and casein groups compared with baseline and with the water and pretest control groups. The plasma C-peptide concentration increased from baseline to wk 12 in the whey and casein groups and increments were greater than in the pretest control (P < 0.02). There were no significant changes in plasma C-peptide in the skim milk or water group. These data suggest that high intakes of skim milk, whey, and casein increase BAZs in overweight adolescents and that whey and casein increase insulin secretion. Whether the effect on body weight is primary or secondary to the increased insulin secretion remains to be elucidated.
Pain relief for women with cervical intraepithelial neoplasia undergoing colposcopy treatment.; BACKGROUND: Pre-cancerous lesions of cervix (cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN)) are usually treated with excisional or ablative procedures. In the UK, the NHS cervical screening guidelines suggest that over 80% of treatments should be performed in an outpatient setting (colposcopy clinics). Furthermore, these guidelines suggest that analgesia should always be given prior to laser or excisional treatments. Currently various pain relief strategies are employed that may reduce pain during these procedures., OBJECTIVES: The aim of this review was to assess whether the administration of pain relief reduced pain during colposcopy treatment and in the postoperative period., SEARCH METHODS: We searched the Cochrane Gynaecological Cancer Review Group Specialised Register, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL - May 2011) (2011, Issue 2), MEDLINE (1950 to May week 2, 2011), EMBASE (1980 to week 20, 2011) for studies of any design relating to analgesia for colposcopic management. We also searched registers of clinical trials, abstracts of scientific meetings, reference lists of included studies and contacted experts in the field., SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared all types of pain relief before, during or after outpatient treatment to the cervix, in adult women with CIN undergoing loop excision, laser ablation, laser excision or cryosurgery in an outpatient colposcopy clinic setting., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: We independently assessed study eligibility, extracted data and assessed risk of bias. We entered data into RevMan and double checked it for accuracy. Where possible, the results were expressed as mean pain score and standard error of the mean with 95% confidence intervals (CI) and the data were synthesised in a meta-analysis., MAIN RESULTS: We included 17 RCTs (1567 women) of varying methodological quality in the review. These trials compared a variety of interventions aimed at reducing pain in women who underwent treatment for CIN, including cervical injection with lignocaine alone, lignocaine with adrenaline, prilocaine with felypressin, oral analgesics (non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs)), inhalation analgesia (gas mixture of isoflurane and desflurane), lignocaine spray, cocaine spray, local application of benzocaine gel, lignocaine-prilocaine cream (EMLA cream) and transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (TENS). Most comparisons were restricted to single trial analyses and were under-powered to detect differences in pain scores between treatments that may or may not have been present. There was no significant difference in pain relief between women who received local anaesthetic infiltration (lignocaine 2%; administered as a paracervical or direct cervical injection) and a saline placebo (2 trials; 130 women; MD -13.74; 95% CI -34.32 to 6.83). However, when local anaesthetic was combined with a vasoconstrictor agent (one trial used lignocaine combined with adrenaline while the second trial used prilocaine combined with felypressin), significantly less pain (on visual analogue scores) occurred compared with no treatment (2 trials; 95 women; MD -23.73; 95% CI -37.53 to -9.93). Comparing two preparations of local anaesthetic plus vasoconstrictor, prilocaine combined with felypressin did not differ from lignocaine combined with adrenaline for its effect on pain control (1 trial; 200 women; MD -0.05; 95% CI -0.26 to 0.16). Although the mean observed blood loss score was less with lignocaine plus adrenaline (1.33 +/- 1.05) as compared with prilocaine plus felypressin (1.74 +/- 0.98), the difference was not clinically significant as the overall scores in both groups were low (1 trial; 200 women; MD 0.41; 95% CI 0.13 to 0.69). Inhalation of gas mixture (isoflurane and desflurane) in addition to standard cervical injection with prilocaine plus felypressin resulted in significantly less pain during the LLETZ (loop excision of the transformation zone) procedure (1 trial; 389 women; MD -7.20; 95% CI -12.45 to -1.95). Lignocaine plus ornipressin resulted in significantly less measured blood loss (1 trial; 100 women; MD -8.75; 95% CI -10.43 to -7.07) and a shorter duration of treatment (1 trial; 100 women; MD -7.72; 95% CI -8.49 to -6.95) than cervical infiltration with lignocaine alone.One meta-analysis found no statistically significant difference in pain using visual analogue scores between women who received oral analgesic and those who received placebo (2 trials; 129 women; MD -3.51; 95% CI -10.03 to 3.01; Analysis 6.1). Cocaine spray was associated with significantly less pain (1 trial; 50 women; MD -28; 95% CI -37.86 to -18.14) and blood loss (1 trial; 50 women; MD 0.04; 95% CI 0 to 0.70) than placebo.No serious adverse events were reported in any of the trials and majority of trials were at moderate or high risk of bias (n = 12)., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: Based on two small trials, there was no significant difference in pain relief in women receiving oral analgesics compared with placebo or no treatment (129 women; MD -3.51; 95% CI -10.03 to 3.01). We consider this evidence to be of a low to moderate quality. In routine clinical practice, intracervical injection of local anaesthetic with a vasoconstrictor (lignocaine plus adrenaline or prilocaine plus felypressin) appears to be the optimum analgesia for treatment. However, further high-quality, adequately powered trials should be undertaken in order to provide the data necessary to estimate the efficacy of oral analgesics, the optimal route of administration and dose of local anaesthetics.
Impact of milk consumption and resistance training on body composition of female athletes.; Resistance exercise (RE) preceding the provision of high-quality dairy protein supports muscle anabolism. Milk contains bioactive components, including two high-quality protein fractions, calcium and vitamin D, each of which has been shown modulate body composition (increasing lean mass and decreasing fat mass) under energy balance and hypoenergetic conditions. These dairy nutrients are also essential for skeletal health. Acutely, no study of RE and milk/whey consumption has been undertaken exclusively in female athletes, let alone women, nevertheless, studies with both men and women show increased lean mass accretion following milk/whey compared to soy/placebo. Currently, no longer-term RE studies with milk supplementation have been done in female athletes. However, trials in young recreationally active women demonstrated augmented increases in lean mass and decreases in fat mass with RE and milk or whey protein consumption. The amount of protein consumed post-exercise is also important; two trials using yogurt (5 g protein/6 oz) failed to demonstrate a positive change in body composition compared to placebo. For bone health, RE plus dairy improved bone mineral density at clinically important sites and reduced bone resorption. With energy restriction, in one study, higher dairy plus higher protein resulted in greater fat loss, lean mass gain and improved bone health in overweight women. In another study, milk and calcium supplementation showed no greater benefit. Neither trial exclusively utilized RE. Overall, RE and milk/dairy consumption positively impact body composition in women by promoting losses in fat, gains or maintenance of lean mass and preservation of bone. Future studies in female athletes and under energy restriction with RE alone are warranted. Copyright © 2012 S. Karger AG, Basel.
The glycemic, insulinemic and plasma amino acid responses to equi-carbohydrate milk meals, a pilot- study of bovine and human milk.; BACKGROUND: Dairy proteins, in particular the whey fraction, exert insulinogenic properties and facilitate glycemic regulation through a mechanism involving elevation of certain plasma amino acids, and stimulation of incretins. Human milk is rich in whey protein and has not been investigated in this respect., METHOD: Nine healthy volunteers were served test meals consisting of human milk, bovine milk, reconstituted bovine whey- or casein protein in random order. All test meals contributed with 25 g intrinsic or added lactose, and a white wheat bread (WWB) meal was used as reference, providing 25 g starch. Post-prandial levels in plasma of glucose, insulin, incretins and amino acids were investigated at time intervals for up to 2 h., RESULTS: All test meals elicited lower postprandial blood glucose responses, expressed as iAUC 0-120 min compared with the WWB (P < 0.05). The insulin response was increased following all test meals, although only significantly higher after whey. Plasma amino acids were correlated to insulin and incretin secretion (iAUC 0-60 min) (P <= 0.05). The lowered glycemia with the test meals (iAUC 0-90 min) was inversely correlated to GLP-1 (iAUC 0-30 min) (P <= 0.05)., CONCLUSION: This study shows that the glycemic response was significantly lower following all milk/milk protein based test meals, in comparison with WWB. The effect appears to originate from the protein fraction and early phase plasma amino acids and incretins were involved in the insulin secretion. Despite its lower protein content, the human milk was a potent GLP-1 secretagogue and showed insulinogenic properties similar to that seen with reconstituted bovine whey-protein, possibly due to the comparatively high proportion of whey in human milk.
What determines patient preferences for treating low risk basal cell carcinoma when comparing surgery vs imiquimod? A discrete choice experiment survey from the SINS trial.; BACKGROUND: The SINS trial (Controlled Clinical Trials ISRCTN48755084; Eudract No. 2004-004506-24) is a randomised controlled trial evaluating long term success of excisional surgery vs. imiquimod 5% cream for low risk nodular and superficial basal cell carcinoma (BCC). The trial included a discrete choice experiment questionnaire to explore patient preferences of a cream versus surgery for the treatment of their skin cancer., METHODS: The self-completed questionnaire was administered at baseline to 183 participants, measuring patients' strength of preferences when choosing either alternative 'surgery' or 'imiquimod cream' instead of a fixed 'current situation' option (of surgical excision as standard practice in UK). The treatments were described according to: cost, chance of complete clearance, side effects and appearance. Participants had to choose between various scenarios. Analysis was performed using a mixed logit model, which took into account the impact of previous BCC treatment and sample preference variability., RESULTS: The analysis showed that respondents preferred 'imiquimod cream' to their 'current situation' or 'surgery', regardless of previous experience of BCC symptoms and treatment. Respondents were more likely to be worried about their cosmetic outcomes and side effects they might experience over and above their chance of clearance and cost. Those with no experience of surgery (compared with experience) valued more the choice of 'imiquimod cream' (1013 vs 781). All treatment characteristics were significant determinants of treatment choice, and there was significant variability in the population preferences for all of them., CONCLUSIONS: Patients with BCC valued more 'imiquimod cream' than alternative 'surgery' options, and all treatment characteristics were important for their choice of care. Understanding how people with a BCC value alternative interventions may better inform the development of health care interventions.
Long-chain n-3 PUFAs reduce adipose tissue and systemic inflammation in severely obese nondiabetic patients: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Chronic adipose tissue inflammation is a hallmark of obesity, triggering the development of associated pathologies, particularly type 2 diabetes. Long-chain n-3 PUFAs reduce cardiovascular events and exert well-established antiinflammatory effects, but their effects on human adipose tissue inflammation are unknown., OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether n-3 PUFAs reduce adipose tissue inflammation in severely obese nondiabetic patients., DESIGN: We treated 55 severely obese nondiabetic patients, scheduled to undergo elective bariatric surgery, with 3.36 g long-chain n-3 PUFAs/d (EPA, DHA) or an equivalent amount of butterfat as control, for 8 wk, in a randomized open-label controlled clinical trial. The primary efficacy measure was inflammatory gene expression in visceral and subcutaneous adipose tissue samples (subcutaneous adipose tissue and visceral adipose tissue), collected during surgery after the intervention. Secondary efficacy variables were adipose tissue production of antiinflammatory n-3 PUFA-derived eicosanoids, plasma concentrations of inflammatory markers, metabolic control, and the effect of the Pro12Ala PPARG polymorphism on the treatment response., RESULTS: Treatment with n-3 PUFAs, which was well tolerated, decreased the gene expression of most analyzed inflammatory genes in subcutaneous adipose tissue (P < 0.05) and increased production of antiinflammatory eicosanoids in visceral adipose tissue and subcutaneous adipose tissue (P < 0.05). In comparison with control subjects who received butterfat, circulating interleukin-6 and triglyceride concentrations decreased significantly in the n-3 PUFA group (P = 0.04 and P = 0.03, respectively). The Pro12Ala polymorphism affected the serum cholesterol response to n-3 PUFA treatment., CONCLUSIONS: Treatment with long-chain n-3 PUFAs favorably modulated adipose tissue and systemic inflammation in severely obese nondiabetic patients and improved lipid metabolism. These effects may be beneficial in the long-term treatment of obesity. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00760760.
Dairy consumption and incidence of hypertension: a dose-response meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.; Observational and clinical studies suggest that dairy intake, particularly low-fat dairy, could have a beneficial effect on blood pressure. We performed a dose-response meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies on dairy intake and risk of hypertension in the general population. A systematic literature search for eligible studies was conducted until July 2011, using literature databases and hand search. Study-specific dose-response associations were computed according to the generalized least squares for trend estimation method, and linear and piecewise regression models were created. Random-effects models were performed with summarized dose-response data. We included 9 studies with a sample size of 57 256, a total of 15 367 incident hypertension cases, and a follow-up time between 2 and 15 years. Total dairy (9 studies; range of intake, =100-700 g/d), low-fat dairy (6 studies; =100-500 g/d), and milk (7 studies; =100-500 g/d) were inversely and linearly associated with a lower risk of hypertension. The pooled relative risks per 200 g/d were 0.97 (95% CI, 0.95-0.99) for total dairy, 0.96 (95% CI, 0.93-0.99) for low-fat dairy, and 0.96 (95% CI, 0.94-0.98) for milk. High-fat dairy (6 studies), total fermented dairy (4 studies), yogurt (5 studies), and cheese (8 studies) were not significantly associated with hypertension incidence (pooled relative risks of =1). This meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies suggests that low-fat dairy and milk could contribute to the prevention of hypertension, which needs confirmation in randomized controlled trials.
A new liquid human milk fortifier and linear growth in preterm infants.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the growth, tolerance, and safety of a new ultraconcentrated liquid human milk fortifier (LHMF) designed to provide optimal nutrients for preterm infants receiving human breast milk in a safe, nonpowder formulation., METHODS: Preterm infants with a body weight <= 1250 g fed expressed and/or donor breast milk were randomized to receive a control powder human milk fortifier (HMF) or a new LHMF for 28 days. When added to breast milk, the LHMF provided ~20% more protein than the control HMF. Weight, length, head circumference, and serum prealbumin, albumin, blood urea nitrogen, electrolytes, and blood gases were measured. The occurrence of sepsis, necrotizing enterocolitis, and serious adverse events were monitored., RESULTS: This multicenter, third party-blinded, randomized controlled, prospective study enrolled 150 infants. Achieved weight and linear growth rate were significantly higher in the LHMF versus control groups (P = .04 and 0.03, respectively). Among infants who adhered closely to the protocol, the LHMF had a significantly higher achieved weight, length, head circumference, and linear growth rate than the control HMF (P = .004, P = .003, P = .04, and P = .01, respectively). There were no differences in measures of feeding tolerance or days to achieve full feeding volumes. Prealbumin, albumin, and blood urea nitrogen were higher in the LHMF group versus the control group (all P < .05). There was no difference in the incidence of confirmed sepsis or necrotizing enterocolitis., CONCLUSIONS: Use of a new LHMF in preterm infants instead of powder HMF is safe. Benefits of LHMF include improvements in growth and avoidance of the use of powder products in the NICU.
Growth and neurological outcome in ELBW preterms fed with human milk and extra-protein supplementation as routine practice: do we need further evidence?.; Extremely-low-birth-weight infants (ELBW) should be given nutrients to enable them to grow at the same rate as foetuses of the same gestational age, and lean body components, particularly the brain, are dependent on protein intake. Fortified human milk remains the best food for these preterms. Two groups of preterm infants weighing 580-1250 g and with a gestational age of 23-32 weeks were fed with different protein intakes in fortified human/maternal milk (3.5 g kg(-1) per day and 4.8 g kg(-1) per day in the control and extra-protein groups, respectively). The tolerance, intrahospital growth, neurological outcome and anthropometric data until 9 months corrected age were evaluated. The extra-protein regime showed an intrahospital growth advantage (mostly in growth of head circumference, p 0.02, and length, p 0.04) only in the preterms weighing 580-980 g and aged 23-30 weeks. In the same preterms, the Griffith Development Mental Score at 3 months corrected age showed higher scores than in the control group (p 0.04). Growth during the post-discharge period for the experimental group at 9 months corrected age showed mean z-score values for length higher than those in the control group (p 0.04).
Short- and long-term eating habit modification predicts weight change in overweight, postmenopausal women: results from the WOMAN study.; BACKGROUND: Standard behavioral obesity treatment produces poor long-term results. Focusing on healthy eating behaviors rather than energy intake may be an alternative strategy. In addition, important behaviors might differ for short- vs long-term weight control., OBJECTIVE: Our aim was to describe and compare associations between changes in eating behaviors and weight after 6 and 48 months., DESIGN: We performed secondary analysis of data collected during a randomized weight-loss intervention trial with 48-month follow-up., PARTICIPANTS: We studied 481 overweight and obese postmenopausal women enrolled in the Women on the Move through Activity and Nutrition (WOMAN) Study., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: We measured changes in weight from baseline to 6 and 48 months., STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Linear regression models were used to examine the associations between 6- and 48-month changes in eating habits assessed by the Conner Diet Habit Survey and changes in weight. Analyses were conducted in the combined study population and stratified by randomization group., RESULTS: At 6 months in the combined population, weight loss was independently associated with decreased desserts (P<0.001), restaurant eating (P=0.042), sugar-sweetened beverages (P=0.009), and fried foods (P<0.001), and increased fish consumption (P=0.003). Results were similar in intervention participants; only reduced desserts and fried foods associated with weight loss in controls. At 48 months in the combined population, weight loss was again associated with decreased desserts (P=0.003) and sugar-sweetened beverages (P=0.011), but also decreased meats/cheeses (P=0.024) and increased fruits/vegetables (P<0.001). Decreased meats/cheeses predicted weight loss in intervention participants; desserts, sugar-sweetened beverages, and fruits/vegetables were independently associated in controls., CONCLUSIONS: Changes in eating behaviors were associated with weight change, although important behaviors differed for short- and long-term weight change and by randomization group. Future studies should determine whether interventions targeting these behaviors could improve long-term obesity treatment outcomes. Copyright © 2012 Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Association of the European lactase persistence variant (LCT-13910 C>T polymorphism) with obesity in the Canary Islands.; BACKGROUND: European lactose tolerance genotype (LCT -13910 C>T, rs4988234) has been positively associated to body mass indexes (BMI) in a meta-analysis of 31,720 individuals of northern and central European descent. A strong association of lactase persistence (LP) with BMI and obesity has also been traced in a Spanish Mediterranean population. The aim of this study was to analyze a potential association of LP compared to lactase non-persistence (LNP) with BMI in inhabitants of the Canary Islands of Spain using Mendelian randomization., METHODS: A representative, randomly sampled population of adults belonging to the Canary Islands Nutrition Survey (ENCA) in Spain, aged 18-75 years (n = 551), was genotyped for the LCT - 13910 C>T polymorphism. Milk consumption was assessed by a validated questionnaire. Anthropometric variables were directly measured. WHO classification of BMI was used., RESULTS: LP individuals were significantly more obese than LNP subjects (chi(2) = 10.59; p<0.005). LP showed in a multivariate linear regression analysis showed a positive association of LP with BMI compared to LNP, (beta = 0.96; 95% CI: 0.08-1.85, p = 0.033). In a multinomial logistic regression analysis normal range weight LP subjects showed an odds ratio for obesity of 2.41; 95%CI 1.39-418, (p = 0.002) compared to LNP., CONCLUSIONS: The T-13910 of the allele LCT-13910 C>T polymorphism is positively associated with BMI. LP increases significantly the risk to develop obesity in the studied population. The LCT-13910 C>T polymorphism stands proxy for the lifetime exposure pattern, milk intake, that may increase susceptibility to obesity and to obesity related pathologies.
Effects of dairy intake on body weight and fat: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.; BACKGROUND: Some intervention studies have suggested that dairy products may influence body weight, but the results remain controversial., OBJECTIVE: We identified and quantified the effects of dairy consumption on body weight and fat mass from randomized controlled trials (RCTs)., DESIGN: We conducted a comprehensive search of PubMed and EMBASE databases (to April 2012) of English reports of RCTs regarding dairy consumption on body weight, body fat, or body weight and body fat in adults. The results across studies were pooled by using a random-effects meta-analysis., RESULTS: Twenty-nine RCTs were included with a total of 2101 participants. Overall, consumption of dairy products did not result in a significant reduction in weight (-0.14 kg; 95% CI: -0.66, 0.38 kg; I2 = 86.3%). In subgroup analysis, consumption of dairy products reduced body weight in the context of energy restriction or short-term intervention (<1 y) trials but had the opposite effect in ad libitum dietary interventions or long-term trials (>=1 y). Twenty-two RCTs that reported results on body fat showed a modest reduction in the dairy group (-0.45 kg; 95% CI: -0.79, -0.11 kg; I2 = 70.9%), and further stratified analysis indicated significant beneficial effects of dairy intervention on body fat in energy-restricted or short-term trials but not in long-term or ad libitum studies., CONCLUSIONS: This meta-analysis does not support the beneficial effect of increasing dairy consumption on body weight and fat loss in long-term studies or studies without energy restriction. However, dairy products may have modest benefits in facilitating weight loss in short-term or energy-restricted RCTs.
Effects of temporary functional deafferentation on the brain, sensation, and behavior of stroke patients.; Following stroke, many patients suffer from chronic motor impairment and reduced somatosensation in the stroke-affected body parts. Recent experimental studies suggest that temporary functional deafferentation (TFD) of parts of the stroke-affected upper limb or of the less-affected contralateral limb might improve the sensorimotor capacity of the stroke-affected hand. The present study sought evidence of cortical reorganization and related sensory and motor improvements following pharmacologically induced TFD of the stroke-affected forearm. Examination was performed during 2 d of Constraint-Induced Movement Therapy. Thirty-six human patients were deafferented on the stroke-affected forearm by an anesthetic cream (containing lidocaine and prilocaine) on one of the 2 d, and a placebo cream was applied on the other. The order of TFD and placebo treatment was counterbalanced across patients. Somatosensory and motor performance were assessed using a Grating orienting task and a Shape-sorter-drum task, and with somatosensory-evoked magnetic fields. Evoked magnetic fields showed significant pre- to postevaluation magnitude increases in response to tactile stimulation of the thumb of the stroke-affected hand during TFD but not following placebo treatment. We also observed a rapid extension of the distance between cortical representations of the stroke-affected thumb and little finger following TFD but not following placebo treatment. Moreover, somatosensory and motor performance of the stroke-affected hand was significantly enhanced during TFD but not during placebo treatment. Thus, pharmacologically induced TFD of a stroke-affected forearm might improve the somatosensory and motor functions of the stroke-affected upper limb, accompanied by cortical plasticity.
Consumption of nonfat milk results in a less atherogenic lipoprotein profile: a pilot study.; BACKGROUND: An increase in plasma low-density lipoprotein (LDL) is a well-known risk factor in the development of atherosclerosis. Dairy consumption may lower the risk of atherosclerosis; however, studies on the effects of milk on cardiovascular risk factors are still scarce. We were interested in investigating whether the intake of milk improves the atherogenic lipoprotein profile., AIMS: We investigated the effects of consuming whole or nonfat milk on plasma lipoprotein composition in healthy Japanese subjects as a pilot study., METHODS: Normolipidemic subjects consumed 500 ml of whole milk (whole milk group; n=7) or nonfat milk (nonfat milk group; n=7) every day for 2 weeks., RESULTS: The consumption of nonfat milk resulted in a lowering of plasma triglyceride (TG) and phospholipid levels and TG level in high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and increased the plasma apolipoprotein (apo) C-III level. In addition, the TG/cholesterol ratios in HDL and LDL were significantly decreased, and LDL particles became larger. In contrast, the only changes observed following whole milk consumption were increases in the plasma levels of apoC-III and apoE., CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that consumption of nonfat milk, but not whole milk, may result in a less atherogenic lipoprotein profile, and that the constituents of nonfat milk may improve lipid metabolism.
Consumption of different soymilk formulations differentially affects the gut microbiomes of overweight and obese men.; The effects of consuming foods on the intestinal microbiome of obese individuals remain unclear. The objective of this study was to compare the effects of consuming low glycinin soymilk (LGS, 49.5% beta-conglycinin/6% glycinin), conventional soymilk (S, 26.5% beta-conglycinin/38.7% glycinin) or bovine milk (M, 0% beta-conglycinin/0% glycinin) on the intestinal microbiome in overweight and obese men. In a randomized double-blind study, participants (64 men, BMI > 25, 20-45 y old), organized in three groups, consumed 500 mL of LGS, S or M daily for 3 mo. Three fecal samples were collected before (baseline) and after 3 mo of consumption. Dietary energy and macronutrient intake were monitored monthly and remained constant throughout the study (p > 0.05). Microbial composition was analyzed with qPCR and bTEFAP. Within groups, qPCR analysis showed that the total bacteria increased in all treatments over time (p < 0.001). Bacteroides-Prevotella (p = 0.001) and Lactobacillus (p < 0.001) increased in LGS and M, respectively. Bifidobacterium was significantly reduced in LGS (p = 0.003) and S (p < 0.001). Bacterial diversity decreased for LGS, S and M (p = 0.004, 0.005, 0.001; respectively). Unweighted UniFrac analysis revealed that the microbial communities were more similar within than between individuals. The Firmicutes to Bacteroidetes ratio decreased in both LGS and S groups and remained relatively unchanged in the M group (Time p = 0.012; Interaction p = 0.059). Indicator analysis revealed several genera that were indicative of each treatment including Lactobacillus and Prevotella. Consumption of the three beverages differentially altered the microbiota in overweight and obese men including a potentially beneficial alteration of the Firmicutes to Bacteroidetes ratio in both soymilk groups.
Changes in antioxidant status and cardiovascular risk factors of overweight young men after six weeks supplementation of whey protein isolate and resistance training.; The study's purpose was to examine the effects of whey protein supplementation and resistance training on antioxidant status and cardiovascular risk factors in overweight young men. Thirty healthy male subjects (age, 23.4+/-3.6years; body mass index, 25-30kg/m(2)) were randomly divided into three groups of 10 persons including; Experimental group 1: resistance training+whey supplement (RW); Experimental group 2: resistance training+placebo (RP), and Control group (C). Subjects in intervention groups underwent 3 resistance training sessions per week, each session with 60-70% 1RM, for 6weeks. No significant changes in fibrinogen level, fasting blood glucose, resting systolic and diastolic blood pressures, waist to hip ratio (WHR), and body mass index were observed in any of the groups. Total antioxidant capacity (TAC), cholesterol and HDL varied significantly in the RW group compared with the pre-test. We found significant changes in both RW and RP groups for glutathione, vitamin C, LDL, and triglyceride levels. In addition, in the post-test, TAC, glutathione, and HDL levels were higher in the RW in comparison to C group. Research findings showed that although exercise can lead to antioxidant system improvement and reduce some cardiovascular risk factors among overweight subjects, the combination of resistance training and whey consumption is more effective. Copyright © 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Effect of probiotic Heart cheese "Harmony" comprising bacteria L. plantarum TENSIA DSM 21380 on blood pressure and metabolic health indices].; The probiotic L. plantarum strain TENSIA (DSM 21380) is a novel microorganism having antimicrobial and antihypertensive properties. The aim of the study was to test the efficacy of the consumption of the cheese, comprising the novel strain TENSIA on multiple health markers of humans. Human intervention trial showed that the blood pressure lowering effect of cheese, comprising L. plantarum TENSIA was evident in healthy volunteers with high normal blood pressure up to normal values. The 3-week consumption of the prohiotic cheese did not increase the CVD risk factors like BMI, the level of plasma lipids and glucose as well as inflammatory and immunological markers of human body.
[Multicenter study on the effects of human milk fortification in premature infants].; OBJECTIVE: To study the effects of human milk fortification on growth and safety in premature infants in China during hospital stay., METHODS: A prospective controlled study was conducted in 4 tertiary hospitals in Beijing and Shanghai, premature infants born from Nov. 2009 to Mar. 2011 were included according to certain enrollment criteria. Premature infants were divided into two groups: fortified human milk group, i.e., FHM group who were fed with human milk over 50 percent during hospital stays, preterm formula was used for those whose mothers did not have enough milk, and preterm formula group as control who were fed fully with preterm formula. The enteral and parenteral nutritional intakes, complications and growth were compared between the two groups., RESULTS: Among the 125 cases included, 62 were in the HMF group, and 63 were in the preterm formula group. Birth weight of HMF group (1429.1 +/- 209.0) g was lower than that of the preterm formula group (1514.0 +/- 210.5) g, there was no significant difference in gestational age, head circumference, length at birth, and correction gestational age at discharge, weight, head circumference and length at discharge, time for regaining birth weight, the mean daily protein, length of hospitalization between the two groups (P > 0.05). There was also no significant difference in the days for achieving total energy intake of 120 cal/(kg.d) and 150 ml/(kg.d) through enteral feeding between the two groups. The velocity of gaining weight, head circumference, and length after regaining birth weight 0.7 vs. 0.6 cm/W;1.1 vs. 0.9 cm/W were similar between the 2 groups. The biochemical parameters were similar at birth, but the serum urea nitrogen, prealbumin levels in FHM group were lower than those in the control group [(2.20 +/- 1.17) vs. (2.66 +/- 1.21) mmol/L (P = 0.036); (91.33 +/- 21.21) vs. (107.0 +/- 33.58) mg/L (P = 0.003)], while the calcium levels were higher than those of the control group [(2.48 +/- 0.21) vs. (2.39 +/- 0.15) mmol/L, P = 0.016]. Serum alkaline phosphatase and phosphor showed no significant difference [(2.01 +/- 0.36) vs. (2.02 +/- 0.42) mmol/L; (311.68 +/- 142) vs. (284.67 +/- 111) U/L]. Nosocomial infection in the FHM group was significantly lower than that in the control group [10 cases (16.1%) vs. 20 cases (31.7%), P = 0.021], there was no significant difference in incidence of feeding intolerance, necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) between the two groups. The frequency and lasting time of feeding intolerance was obviously less in the FHM group than that in the control group., CONCLUSION: Premature infants fed with fortified human milk showed similar growth pattern to those fed with preterm formula during hospital stay. FHM may decrease the incidence of nosocomial infection and feeding intolerance.
Physiological effects beyond the significant gain in muscle mass in sarcopenic elderly men: evidence from a randomized clinical trial using a protein-rich food.; BACKGROUND: Sarcopenia is strongly associated with an inadequate intake of dietary protein. Dietary protein supplementation boosts muscle-protein synthesis and increases muscle mass in the elderly. This study tested whether adding a protein-rich food, ricotta cheese, to the habitual diet increased total appendicular skeletal muscle mass and strength in elderly people., METHODS: Participants (n = 40), were sarcopenic elderly men and women over 60 years of age. Two comparison groups were formed at random and followed for 3 months: the intervention group received 210 g/day of ricotta cheese plus the habitual diet, while the control group followed the habitual diet with no additional intervention. Total appendicular skeletal muscle (TASM) was assessed by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, while strength was measured using a handheld dynamometer at baseline and after the intervention period. The primary outcomes were the percentage of relative change in TASM and strength., RESULTS: The percentage of relative change in TASM was not significant between the groups after the intervention period. Muscle strength improved in the intervention group, but showed only a tendency towards significance (P = 0.06). Secondary analysis showed that the men in the intervention group gained 270 g in TASM compared to those in the control group, and improved their fasting insulin levels (P = 0.05), muscle strength, lean body mass in the arms, and body weight variables., CONCLUSION: The results of this study indicate that a nutritional intervention using a high-quality protein food, specifically ricotta cheese, in order to increase the amount of protein intake might not be regarded as fully promising in elderly men and women with sarcopenia. However, the gender effects on muscle strength, lean tissue in the arms, homeostatic assessment of insulin resistance, and body weight detected in this study suggest that additional research is needed on elderly male subjects with sarcopenia.
Effect of anti-inflammatory supplementation with whey peptide and exercise therapy in patients with COPD.; BACKGROUND: One of the major pathophysiologies in advanced chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) has been attributed to systemic inflammation. Meta-analysis of the 2005 Cochrane Database concluded the effect of nutritional supplementation alone on stable COPD was insufficient to promote body weight gain or exercise capacity. The aim of this study was to investigate the effectiveness of nutritional supplementation therapy using a nutritional supplement containing whey peptide with low-intensity exercise therapy in stable elderly patients with COPD., METHOD: In stable elderly COPD patients with %IBW and %FEV(1) of less than 110 and 80%, respectively, anti-inflammatory nutritional supplementation therapy was added to low-intensity exercise therapy. Thirty-six COPD patients were divided into those with and those without the ingestion of an anti-inflammatory nutritional supplement containing whey peptide, which exhibited an anti-inflammatory effect. These two groups were designated as the nutritional support and the control groups, respectively. The body composition, skeletal muscle strength, exercise tolerance, health-related QOL (HRQOL), and inflammatory cytokines were evaluated before and three months after nutritional support combined with exercise therapy in both the nutritional support group and the control group., RESULTS: In the nutritional support group, the body weight, %IBW, FM, energy intake, %AC, Alb, PImax, PEmax, 6MWD, WBI, emotional function, and CRQ total were significantly increased, and the levels of hsCRP, IL-6, IL-8, and TNF-alpha were reduced significantly, while no significant change was noted in any item of physiological evaluation or any biomarker in the control group., CONCLUSION: Concomitant use of a anti-inflammatory nutritional supplement containing whey peptide, which exhibits an anti-inflammatory effect, with exercise therapy in stable elderly COPD patients with %IBW<110% and %FEV(1)<80% may not only increase body weight but may also inhibit systemic inflammation and thus improve exercise tolerance and HRQOL. Copyright © 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The effect of soy protein beverages on serum cell adhesion molecule concentrations in prehypertensive/stage 1 hypertensive individuals.; OBJECTIVE: Prehypertensive and hypertensive individuals are at increased risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (CVD), in part because hypertension contributes to endothelial dysfunction and increased cell adhesion molecule expression. Soy protein and isoflavones may favorably alter CVD risk factors, and hence the aim of this study was to determine whether intake of cow's milk compared with soy beverage prepared from whole soy bean (WSB) or soy protein isolate (SPI) would lower soluble cell adhesion molecule concentrations as a means of decreasing CVD risk., METHODS: We enrolled healthy prehypertensive/stage 1 hypertensive men (n = 60; 18-63 years) and premenopausal women (n = 8; 20-48 years). Participants were randomized to 1 of 3 groups for 8 weeks: cow's milk (600 mL/d), SPI beverage (840 mL/d; 30.1 mg total isoflavones/d), or WSB beverage (840 mL/d; 91.4 mg total isoflavones/d). We measured soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1), intercellular cell adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), and endothelial-leukocyte adhesion molecule-1 (E-selectin) concentrations at baseline and week 8., RESULTS: Soluble CAM concentrations were not altered by treatment and did not differ between prehypertensive and hypertensive participants. However, analysis of variance indicated a treatment x gender interaction (gender effect) for ICAM-1 (p = 0.0037) but not for E-selectin (p = 0.067) or VCAM-1 (p = 0.16). Men had higher concentrations of ICAM-1 and E-selectin, respectively, at baseline (p = 0.0071, p = 0.049) and week 8 (p = 0.0054, p = 0.038) than women did., CONCLUSION: Neither intake of cow's milk nor soy beverage for 8 weeks altered soluble CAM concentrations in prehypertensive/stage 1 hypertensive individuals, suggesting that neither type of beverage diminished atherosclerotic CVD risk in mildly hypertensive individuals by way of improving circulating CAM concentrations.
A double-blind randomised controlled trial of a natural oil-based emulsion (Moogoo Udder Cream R) containing allantoin versus aqueous cream for managing radiation-induced skin reactions in patients with cancer.; BACKGROUND: Radiation-induced skin reaction (RISR) is one of the most common and distressing side effects of radiotherapy in patients with cancer. It is featured with swelling, redness, itching, pain, breaks in skin, discomfort, and a burning sensation. There is a lack of convincing evidence supporting any single practice in the prevention or management of RISR., METHODS/DESIGNS: This double-blinded randomised controlled trial aims to investigate the effects of a natural oil-based emulsion containing allantoin (as known as Moogoo Udder Cream R) versus aqueous cream in reducing RISR, improving pain, itching and quality of life in this patient group. One group will receive Moogoo Udder Cream R. Another group will receive aqueous cream. Outcome measures will be collected using patient self-administered questionnaire, interviewer administered questionnaire and clinician assessment at commencement of radiotherapy, weekly during radiotherapy, and four weeks after the completion of radiotherapy., DISCUSSION: Despite advances of radiologic advances and supportive care, RISR are still not well managed. There is a lack of efficacious interventions in managing RISR. While anecdotal evidence suggests that Moogoo Udder Cream R may be effective in managing RISR, research is needed to substantiate this claim. This paper presents the design of a double blind randomised controlled trial that will evaluate the effects of Moogoo Udder Cream R versus aqueous cream for managing in RISR in patients with cancer., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ACTRN 12612000568819.
The human milk microbiome changes over lactation and is shaped by maternal weight and mode of delivery.; BACKGROUND: Breast milk is recognized as the most important postpartum element in metabolic and immunologic programming of health of neonates. The factors influencing the milk microbiome and the potential impact of microbes on infant health have not yet been uncovered., OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to identify pre- and postnatal factors that can potentially influence the bacterial communities inhabiting human milk., DESIGN: We characterized the milk microbial community at 3 different time points by pyrosequencing and quantitative polymerase chain reaction in mothers (n = 18) who varied in BMI, weight gain, and mode of delivery., RESULTS: We found that the human milk microbiome changes over lactation. Weisella, Leuconostoc, Staphylococcus, Streptococcus, and Lactococcus were predominant in colostrum samples, whereas in 1- and 6-mo milk samples the typical inhabitants of the oral cavity (eg, Veillonella, Leptotrichia, and Prevotella) increased significantly. Milk from obese mothers tended to contain a different and less diverse bacterial community compared with milk from normal-weight mothers. Milk samples from elective but not from nonelective mothers who underwent cesarean delivery contained a different bacterial community than did milk samples from individuals giving birth by vaginal delivery, suggesting that it is not the operation per se but rather the absence of physiological stress or hormonal signals that could influence the microbial transmission process to milk., CONCLUSIONS: Our results indicate that milk bacteria are not contaminants and suggest that the milk microbiome is influenced by several factors that significantly skew its composition. Because bacteria present in breast milk are among the very first microbes entering the human body, our data emphasize the necessity to understand the biological role that the milk microbiome could potentially play for human health.
Everyday eating experiences of chocolate and non-chocolate snacks impact postprandial anxiety, energy and emotional states.; Social and psychological stressors are both a part of daily life and are increasingly recognized as contributors to individual susceptibility to develop diseases and metabolic disorders. The present study investigated how snacks differing in sensory properties and presentation can influence ratings of affect in consumers with different levels of dispositional anxiety. This study examines the relationships between a pre-disposition to anxiety and food using a repeated exposures design with three interspersed test days over a period of two weeks. The study was conducted on ninety free-living male (n = 28) and female (n = 62) Dutch participants aged between 18 and 35 years old, with a BMI between 18 and 25 kg/m(2) and different anxiety trait levels assessed using State-Trait Anxiety Inventory tests. The study was randomized by age, gender, anxiety trait score, and followed a parallel open design. Three test products: dark chocolate, a milk chocolate snack and crackers with cheese spread (control), which differed in composition, sensory properties and presentation, were evaluated. Changes in self-reported anxiety, emotion, and energetic states were assessed as a function of eating the snacks just after consumption and up to one hour. The repeated exposure design over a period of two weeks enabled the investigations of potential cumulative effects of regular consumption of the food products. The milk chocolate snack resulted in the decrease of anxiety in high anxiety trait subjects, whereas dark chocolate and cheese and crackers respectively improved the anxiety level and the energetic state of low anxiety trait participants. The mood effects were not altered with repeated exposure, and the magnitude of changes was similar on each test day, which illustrates the repeatability of the effects of the food on subjective measures of postprandial wellness.
Long-term dietary intervention trials: critical issues and challenges.; BACKGROUND: There are many challenges involved in running randomised controlled dietary intervention trials that investigate health outcomes. The aim of this paper was to evaluate the recruitment process, retention of participants and challenges faced in our dairy intervention trial, and to provide strategies to combat the difficulties of running long-term dietary intervention trials., METHODS: A 12-month, randomised, two-way crossover study was conducted in overweight adults with habitually low dairy food consumption to assess the effects of a high dairy intake (4 servings of reduced-fat dairy per day) compared with a low dairy intake (1 serving of reduced-fat dairy per day) on measures of cardiometabolic and cognitive health. On completion of the high dairy intake phase, each participant was interviewed about their experience in the trial and responses were used to evaluate the key issues for study participants., RESULTS: Although the recruitment target was achieved, high rates of attrition (49.3%) and difficulties maintaining participant compliance (reported by 37.8% of participants) were major threats to the viability of the study. Factors that contributed to the high attrition included inability to comply with the dietary requirements of the study protocol (27.0%), health problems or medication changes (24.3%) and time commitment (10.8%)., CONCLUSION: Attrition and adherence to study requirements present challenges to trials requiring longer-term dietary change. Including a run-in period to further assess the motivation, commitment and availability of participants, maintaining regular contact with participants during control phases, minimising time commitment, providing flexibility with dietary requirements, facilitating positive experiences, and stringent monitoring of diet are some key recommendations for future dietary intervention trials., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Australia and New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry (ACTRN 12608000538347).
Soy milk consumption, inflammation, coagulation, and oxidative stress among type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the effects of soy milk consumption compared with cow's milk on inflammation, coagulation, and oxidative stress among patients with diabetic nephropathy., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This randomized, crossover clinical trial was conducted on 25 type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy. This study had two trial phases, each for 4 weeks and one washout period for 2 weeks. Patients were randomly assigned to consume a diet containing soy milk or a diet containing cow's milk., RESULTS: Soy milk consumption resulted in a significant reduction in d-dimer level (percent change: -3.77 vs. 16.13%; P < 0.05). This significant effect remained even after adjusting for confounding factor (carbohydrate intake). However, soy milk consumption had no significant effects on tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin-6, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), and malondialdehyde levels. The result was near to significance regarding the effect of soy milk consumption on hs-CRP (percent change: -35.45 vs. 36.76%; P = 0.05). However, this effect was not significant after adjusting for the confounding variable (carbohydrate intake)., CONCLUSIONS: Soy milk consumption could decrease serum d-dimer level among type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy. However, markers of inflammation and oxidative stress did not change following soy milk intake among these patients.
Validation of a milk consumption stage of change algorithm among adolescent survivors of childhood cancer.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the construct validity of a milk consumption Stages of Change (SOC) algorithm among adolescent survivors of childhood cancer ages 11 to 21 years (n = 75)., METHODS: Baseline data from a randomized controlled trial designed to evaluate a health behavior intervention were analyzed. Assessments included a milk consumption SOC algorithm and hypothesized theoretical and behavioral predictors of SOC., RESULTS: Compared with survivors who expressed no readiness to change, those expressing readiness to change behavior for both 2 and 4 daily servings of milk reported more frequent milk consumption (P < .001), greater dietary calcium intake (P = .006), and were more likely to meet age-specific recommendations for daily calcium intake (P = .01)., CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONS: Results provide support for the construct validity of the milk consumption SOC algorithm relative to behavioral criteria. Research is needed to further examine algorithm validity with respect to theoretical predictors of SOC. Copyright © 2012 Society for Nutrition Education and Behavior. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Efficacy of Olibra: a 12-week randomized controlled trial and a review of earlier studies.; BACKGROUND: Intervention strategies that harness the body's appetite and satiety regulating signals provide a means of countering excessive energy intake., METHODS: Eighty-two subjects were enrolled (18-60 years, body mass index: 25-40 kg/m(2)) in a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, parallel trial. During a 12-week period, the effects of Olibra TM fat emulsion (2.1 g twice daily) on food intake, appetite, satiety, weight, and body composition were compared with those of a twice daily administered placebo (1.95 g milk fat). On days -7, 0, and 28, Olibra or the placebo added to 200 g of yogurt was served at breakfast and lunch. Food intake, appetite, and satiety were assessed after lunch and dinner. Body weight was measured on days -7, 0, 14, 28, 56, and 84. Body fat, waist circumference, and waist-hip ratio were determined on days 0 and 84. The Eating Inventory was administered at screening and on day 28. Data relating to 71 subjects were analyzed using analysis of covariance., RESULTS: At 12 weeks, body weight was reduced in the test group (2.17 +/- 0.46 kg standard error of the mean, p < .0001) and the control group (1.68 +/- 0.42 kg, p < .0001). Waist circumference decreased by 2.93 +/- 0.85 cm in the test group (p = .001) and by 1.78 +/- 0.74 cm in the control group (p = .02). Differential weight and waist circumference reductions were not significant. Hunger scores (Eating Inventory) decreased more in the test group (p = .0082). Differential group effects were not significant for body fat, waist-hip ratio, food intake, appetite, and satiety., CONCLUSIONS: At this dose, Olibra did not exert a consistent effect on food intake, appetite regulation, body weight, or body composition. Copyright © 2012 Diabetes Technology Society.
Small-for-gestational-age preterm-born infants already have lower bone mass during early infancy.; BACKGROUND: In preterm-born infants, low birth weight and diminished bone accretion deteriorate peak bone mass. Whether low birth weight is already associated with decreased bone mass during infancy is unknown., OBJECTIVE: To study the effect of birth weight on bone accretion between term age (40 weeks postmenstrual age) and six months post-term in preterm-born infants., DESIGN: In 139 preterm-born infants (51% male, gestational age 30.3+/-1.5 weeks, birth weight 1341+/-288g) weight and whole-body bone mineral content (BMC, gram) were measured at term age and six months post-term. At birth, infants were small-for-gestational-age (SGA, n=33, weight and/or length<-2 SDS) or appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA, n=98, weight and length>=-2 SDS)., RESULTS: At term age and six months post-term, BMC adjusted for gender and gestational age was lower in SGA than AGA infants (term age: 38.1+/-9.5 versus 48.6+/-10.1g, beta=-0.26, 95% CI -0.37; -0.16, p<0.001; six months: 130.1+/-25.7 versus 145.4+/-22.9g, beta=-0.16, 95% CI -0.25; -0.08, p<0.001). At six months post-term, BMC remained lower in SGA infants after adjustment for actual weight and length. Between term age and six months post-term, BMC gain adjusted for gender and gestational age was lower in SGA than AGA infants (91.7+/-22.8 versus 98.2+/-20.7g; beta=-0.12, 95% CI -0.24; -0.003, p=0.044). BMC gain remained lower in SGA infants after adjustment for weight and length gain., CONCLUSION: The first six months post-term, SGA preterms have lower bone accretion, independent of body size, suggesting that prenatal conditions for bone accretion cannot be replicated postnatally. Copyright © 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A comparison of the effects of a high carbohydrate vs. a higher protein milk supplement following simulated mountain skirmishes.; This study compared the effects of a higher protein supplement manufactured from milk vs. a commercially available higher carbohydrate supplement on serum markers of muscle damage, anaerobic exercise, choice reaction time, and body composition during 2 weekends of vigorous hikes with simulated mountain skirmishes. Thirty-five university students, including Reserve Officers Training Corps cadets and athletes, carried 25% of their body weight (up to 26.4 kg) on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday hikes. Supplementation and Wingate tests followed each hike, and choice reaction testing preceded and followed each hike. Blood samples were obtained and body compositions were measured pre- and postweekend. Increased cortisol, highly sensitive C-reactive protein, creatine phosphokinase, and aldolase suggested the exercise regimen induced muscle damage and inflammation, which was attenuated during the second weekend of hikes. Absolute anaerobic capacity was somewhat greater following consumption of the milk supplement (p = 0.082). Body compositions did not change significantly during this study. Choice reaction times decreased following hikes and were significantly faster following consumption of the carbohydrate supplement (p < 0.04). Supplements including milk proteins and carbohydrates may improve endurance exercise and decision-making abilities of military personnel and endurance athletes.
Diet, sensitive periods in flavour learning, and growth.; Diet in early infancy has an impact on early growth and the formation of flavour preferences, as well as on later life health outcomes. Although breast milk is the preferred source of nutrition during infancy, more than half of American infants receive infant formula by the age of 4 months. As a group, formula-fed infants weigh more by the age of one year and have a greater risk for later obesity than breastfed infants. However, a recent randomized study found that, when compared to breastfed infants, infants fed an extensively hydrolysed protein formula (ePHF) had more normative weight gain velocity than infants fed cow's milk formula (CMF). Therefore, grouping all formula-fed infants together with respect to certain health outcomes such as obesity may not be appropriate. Scientific evidence also suggests that there are sensitive periods for flavour learning. Infants become familiar with and learn to accept the flavours they experience through their mother's amniotic fluid and breast milk as well as formula. These early experiences influence flavour preferences of children that may affect food choices and therefore later life health. Further research on the influence of early diet on growth, flavour preferences, and food choices is imperative.
Whey protein supplementation does not affect exercise training-induced changes in body composition and indices of metabolic syndrome in middle-aged overweight and obese adults.; Little is known about the effects of different quantities of whey protein on exercise training-induced changes in body composition and indices of metabolic syndrome in middle-aged overweight and obese adults. Therefore, we examined the effects of consuming 0.8-MJ supplements with 0 (n = 126), 10 (n = 112), 20 (n = 44), or 30 (n = 45) g whey protein twice daily in conjunction with resistance (2 d/wk) and aerobic (1 d/wk) exercise training in a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, community-based 9-mo study in men (n = 117) and women (n = 210); (age: 48 +/- 7.9 y; BMI: 30.0 +/- 2.8 kg/m(2)). Whey protein supplementation did not influence any of the following outcomes, some of which were affected by training. Among all participants, strength increased by 15 +/- 12% (P < 0.001) and maximal oxygen uptake capacity (VO(2)max) increased by 9 +/- 15% (P < 0.001). Body weight was unchanged (0.1 +/- 3.7 kg, P = 0.80), lean body mass increased by 1.9 +/- 2.8% (0.95 +/- 1.3 kg, P < 0.001), and fat mass decreased by 2.6 +/- 9.4% (-0.86 +/- 3.1 kg, P = 0.001). Oral-glucose-tolerance testing showed that plasma glucose AUC was unchanged (-18.0 +/- 170 mmol/L. 3 h, P = 0.16), insulin AUC decreased by 2.6 +/- 32% (-7.5 +/- 29 nmol/L. 3 h, P = 0.01), and HOMA-IR (0.2 +/- 2.0, P = 0.81) and the insulin sensitivity index (0.3 +/- 3.0, P = 0.63) were unchanged. Plasma concentrations of TG; total, LDL, and HDL cholesterol; C-reactive protein; plasminogen activator inhibitor-1; blood pressure; and waist circumference were unchanged. Whey protein supplementation did not affect exercise training-induced responses in body composition and indices of metabolic syndrome in middle-aged overweight and obese adults who maintained body weight.
Supplementary feeding with locally-produced Ready-to-Use Food (RUF) for mildly wasted children on Nias Island, Indonesia: comparison of daily and weekly program outcomes.; Ready-to-Use Foods (RUFs) in the form of fortified cereal/nut/legume-based biscuits (+/-500 kcal and 8-10% protein per 100 g) were tested among mildly wasted children from October 2007 to June 2008, and were labelled as RUF-Nias biscuits. This study reports on a comparison of supplementary feeding program outcomes of mildly wasted children with weight-for-height z-score (WHZ) >=-2 to <-1.5 SD aged >=6 to <60 months old given locally produced RUF-Nias biscuits within daily (in semi-urban areas) and weekly (in rural remote regions) distribution and supervision program settings. In the Church World Service project area, all eligible children were recruited continuously from monthly community-based screening programs and admitted into existing nutrition centers managed by the community on Nias Island, Indonesia. Individual discharge criterion of the programs was WHZ >=-1.5 SD. Of the index children admitted in daily programs (n=51), 80.4% reached target WHZ, which was higher than in weekly programs (72.9%; n=48) by a similar length of stay of about 6 weeks. Weight gain of the children in daily programs was higher (3.1+/-3.6 g/kg body weight/day) than in weekly programs (2.0+/-2.1 g/kg body weight/day), and they achieved significantly higher WHZ at discharge. However, the majority of caretakers preferred weekly programs due to lower time constraints. Locally produced RUF in the form of biscuits for treatment of mild wasting among children demonstrated promising results both in daily and weekly community-based intervention programs.
Combining protein and carbohydrate increases postprandial insulin levels but does not improve glucose response in patients with type 2 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: A combined load of carbohydrate and protein stimulates insulin secretion. However, results on postprandial glucose responses in type 2 diabetic (T2D) subjects have been inconclusive. Therefore, we investigated the effects of co-ingestion of carbohydrate and protein on glucose and insulin responses in these subjects., METHODS: After an overnight fast, 30 subjects consumed a drink containing 50 g of slowly-digested isomaltulose (ISO), combined either with a mixture of 21 g whey/soy (ISO+WS) or with 21 g casein (ISO+C) in a randomized order on separate days. In another experiment, the subjects consumed a control drink containing only 50 g ISO., RESULTS: No significant differences in glucose responses were observed after ingestion of the drinks. Compared to ingestion of ISO alone, insulin response was ~190%-270% higher (P<.001), whereas insulin action was lower (P<.01) after ingestion of ISO+WS and ISO+C. Plasma insulin levels increased more significantly (P<.001) after ingestion of ISO+WS compared to ISO+C and were positively correlated with total amino acid levels (P<.001). Insulin action, however, showed a greater decrease following ingestion of ISO+WS than ISO+C (P<.01)., CONCLUSIONS: Combining carbohydrate with protein can elevate postprandial insulin levels, but decreases insulin action, and therefore does not improve glucose response in T2D subjects. Our results further suggest that different types of proteins (i.e., fast-absorbing whey/soy vs. slow-absorbing casein) differently modulate insulin response and insulin action. A fast-absorbing protein mixture reduces insulin action to a greater extent than a slow-absorbing protein, and therefore may not be recommended for glycemic control in T2D patients. Copyright © 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of fatigue on kinematical parameters during submaximal and maximal 100-m butterfly bouts.; We aimed to analyze the effects of fatigue on kinematical parameters during submaximal and maximal butterfly. Seven female swimmers performed two randomized 100-m butterfly bouts, at submaximal velocity and at maximal velocity in 25-m pool. During the 1st and 4th laps of each 100 m, kinematic data were recorded by two video cameras (above and below water) on the sagittal plane. Velocity, stroke length, stroke frequency, intracyclic horizontal velocity variation, horizontal and vertical displacements of the hand and foot and stroke phases' duration were computed for each stroke cycle. Velocity, stroke length, stroke frequency were lower for 4th than 1st lap, at both intensities. Dropped elbow and foot vertical amplitude of 1st and 2nd downbeats were higher for 4th than 1st lap, at both intensities. At submaximal and maximal intensity, swimmers spent more time during push and recovery phases. At submaximal intensity, swimmers experienced fewer difficulties to cope with fatigue between 1st and 4th lap, which allowed the maintenance of intracyclic velocity variation. However, at maximal intensity, swimmers were probably more fatigued and, as a consequence, less mechanically efficient, showing an increase in intracyclic velocity variation.
Effects of long-term intake of lactotripeptides on cardiovascular risk factors in hypertensive subjects.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Lactobacillus helveticus LBK-16H-fermented milk products containing tripeptides isoleucine-proline-proline and valine-proline-proline lower blood pressure in hypertensive subjects using office and home blood pressure registration. The present study was aimed to evaluate the effects of two doses of these lactotripeptides on 24-h ambulatory blood pressure and lipidomics profiles in mildly hypertensive subjects., SUBJECTS/METHODS: In a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled parallel group study, 89 mildly hypertensive subjects ingested, after a 1-month run-in period, a fermented milk drink with 5 mg per day of lactotripeptides during 3 months, and a milk drink with 50 mg per day of lactotripeptides for the following 3 months, or a placebo milk drink without lactotripeptides. Ambulatory blood pressure (24 h) was recorded at baseline and at the end of the intervention periods. Lipidomics profiles were characterized before and after the 6-month intervention., RESULTS: After the second intervention period (50 mg per day of lactotripeptides), systolic and diastolic 24-h blood pressures decreased significantly in the peptide, but not in the placebo group. However, the treatment effects -2.6 mm Hg (95% confidence interval (CI): -5.7 to 0.4) in systolic and -1.3 mm Hg (95% CI: -3.4 to 0.8) in diastolic blood pressure did not reach statistic significance. Ingestion of 5 mg per day of lactotripeptides for 3 months did not lower blood pressure. The peptide group was dominated by decrease in multiple phospholipids (PL)., CONCLUSIONS: Ingestion of fermented milk with daily dose of 50 mg of lactotripeptides appears to lower elevated blood pressure slightly from the baseline, but not significantly compared with the placebo group and to induce significant decreases in multiple PL.
A randomized comparative trial on the therapeutic efficacy of topical aloe vera and Calendula officinalis on diaper dermatitis in children.; INTRODUCTION: Diaper dermatitis (DD) is a common inflammatory disorder among children and infants. The objective of the present randomized and double-blind trial was to compare the therapeutic efficacies of aloe vera cream and Calendula officinalis ointment on the frequency and severity of DD in children., METHODS: Sixty-six infants with DD (aged < 3 years) were randomized to receive either aloe cream (n = 32) or Calendula ointment (n = 34). Infants were treated with these drugs 3 times a day for 10 days. The severity of dermatitis was graded at baseline as well as at the end of trial using a 5-point scale. The adverse effects of study medications were assessed during the trial., RESULTS: Although improvement in the severity of DD was observed in both treatment groups (P < 0.001), patients receiving Calendula ointment had significantly fewer rash sites compared to aloe group (P = 0.001). No adverse effect was reported from either of the medications., DISCUSSION: The evidence from this study suggests that topical aloe and in particular Calendula could serve as safe and effective treatment for the treatment of diaper dermatitis in infants.
Randomized controlled trial of 4 compared with 6 mo of exclusive breastfeeding in Iceland: differences in breast-milk intake by stable-isotope probe.; BACKGROUND: The WHO recommends exclusive breastfeeding (EBF) for 6 mo after birth. However, the time at which breast milk ceases to provide adequate energy and nutrition, requiring the introduction of complementary foods, remains unclear. Most studies that investigated this issue were observational and potentially confounded by variability in social circumstances or infant growth., OBJECTIVE: We hypothesized that EBF infants would consume more breast milk at age 6 mo than infants receiving breast milk and complementary foods., DESIGN: We measured anthropometric outcomes, body composition, and breast-milk intake at age 6 mo in infants who were randomly assigned at age 4 mo either to 6-mo EBF or to the introduction of complementary foods with continued breastfeeding. We recruited 119 infants from health centers in Reykjavik and neighboring municipalities in Iceland. In 100 infants who completed the protocol (50/group), breast-milk intake was measured by using stable isotopes, and complementary food intakes were weighed over 3 d in the complementary feeding (CF) group., RESULTS: Breast-milk intake was 83 g/d (95% CI: 19, 148 g/d) greater in EBF (mean +/- SD: 901 +/- 158 g/d) than in CF (818 +/- 166 g/d) infants and was equivalent to 56 kcal/d; CF infants obtained 63 +/- 52 kcal/d from complementary foods. Estimated total energy intakes were similar (EBF: 560 +/- 98 kcal/d; CF: 571 +/- 97 kcal/d). Secondary outcomes (anthropometric outcomes, body composition) did not differ significantly between groups., CONCLUSIONS: On a group basis, EBF to age 6 mo did not compromise infant growth or body composition, and energy intake at age 6 mo was comparable to that in CF infants whose energy intake was not constrained by maternal breast-milk output.
Effects of different fractions of whey protein on postprandial lipid and hormone responses in type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Exacerbated postprandial lipid responses are associated with an increased cardiovascular risk. Dietary proteins influence postprandial lipemia differently, and whey protein has a preferential lipid-lowering effect. We compared the effects of different whey protein fractions on postprandial lipid and hormone responses added to a high-fat meal in type 2 diabetic subjects., SUBJECTS/METHODS: A total of 12 type 2 diabetic subjects ingested four isocaloric test meals in randomized order. The test meals contained 100 g of butter and 45 g of carbohydrate in combination with 45 g of whey isolate (iso-meal), whey hydrolysate (hydro-meal), alpha-lactalbumin enhanced whey (lac-meal) or caseinoglycomacropeptide enhanced whey (CGMP-meal). Plasma concentrations of triglyceride, retinyl palmitate, free fatty acid, insulin, glucose, glucagon, glucagon-like peptide 1 and glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide were measured before and at regular intervals until 8-h postprandially., RESULTS: We found no statistical significant differences between meals on our primary variable triglyceride. The retinyl palmitate response was higher after the hydro-meal than after the iso- and lac-meal in the chylomicron-rich fraction (P=0.008) while no significant differences were found in the chylomicron-poor fraction. The hydro- and iso-meal produced a higher insulin response compared with the lac- and CGMP-meal (P<0.001). Otherwise no significant differences in the hormone responses were found in the incremental area under the curve over the 480-min period., CONCLUSIONS: A supplement of four different whey protein fractions to a fat-rich meal had similar effects on postprandial triglyceride responses in type 2 diabetic subjects. Whey isolate and whey hydrolysate caused a higher insulin response.
Postprandial blood cell transcriptomics in response to the ingestion of dairy products by healthy individuals.; The aim of this intervention study was to measure genome-wide postprandial gene expression in human blood cells after the ingestion of a single serving of milk, to identify the downstream physiological processes regulated by the differentially expressed genes, and to use this gene expression signature as a reference to compare it with the response following the ingestion of a transformed dairy product, namely, yogurt. We conducted a randomized, controlled, single-blinded, crossover study on six healthy male individuals. After an overnight fast, 540 g of milk or yogurt was ingested by the subjects. Blood samples were collected before (0 h) and after (2 h/4 h/6 h) ingestion, and the blood cell transcriptome was analyzed using a linear kinetic analysis that increases the statistical power of the study. The differentially expressed transcripts identified after the ingestion of milk (575 transcripts) and yogurt (625 transcripts) modulated similar biological processes. In particular, genes involved in protein biosynthesis and mitochondrial activities followed biphasic kinetics being down-regulated at 2 h and more pronouncedly up-regulated at 6 h. The opposite kinetics were observed for inflammatory and apoptotic processes during the same time frame. The human blood cell transcriptome appeared to be specifically modulated by specific nutrients present in bovine milk, a property that was further modified when milk was fermented to yogurt. The coordinated changes in postprandial expression of genes involved in basic biological processes suggest that postprandial blood cell transcriptomics may allow insight into the nutritional effects of selected foods in the prevention or development of chronic metabolic and inflammatory disorders. Copyright © 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Pain ratings by patients and their providers of radionucleotide injection for breast cancer lymphatic mapping.; BACKGROUND: Disparity between patient report and physician perception of pain from radiotracer injection for sentinel node biopsy is thought to center on the severity of the intervention, ethnic composition of population queried, and socioeconomic factors., OBJECTIVE: The objectives of this study were, first, to explore agreement between physicians' and their breast cancer patients' pain assessment during subareolar radionucleotide injection; and second, to evaluate potential ethnic differences in ratings., METHODS: A trial was conducted, from January 2006 to April 2009, where 140 breast cancer patients were randomly assigned to standard topical lidocaine-4% cream and 99mTc-sulfur colloid injection, or to one of three other groups: placebo cream and 99mTc-sulfur colloid injection containing NaHCO3, 1% lidocaine, or NaHCO3 + 1% lidocaine. Providers and patients completed numeric pain scales (0-10) immediately after injection., RESULTS: Patients and providers rated pain similarly over the entire cohort (median, 3 vs 2, P = 0.15). Patients rated pain statistically significantly higher than physicians in the standard (6 vs 5, P = 0.045) and placebo + NaHCO3 (5 vs 4, P = 0.032) groups. No significant difference in scores existed between all African Americans and their physicians (3 vs 4, P = 0.27)., CONCLUSION: Patient-physician pain assessment congruence over the less painful injections and their statistically similar scores with the more painful methods suggests the importance of utilizing the least painful method possible. Providers tended to underestimate patients with the highest pain ratings-those in the greatest analgesic need. Lack of statistical difference between African American and physician scores may reflect the equal-access-to-care over the entire patient cohort, supporting the conclusion that socioeconomic factors may lie at the heart of previously reported discrepancies. Copyright Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Treatment of actinic keratoses with 5% topical imiquimod: a multicenter prospective observational study from 93 Austrian office-based dermatologists.; BACKGROUND: While randomized, controlled trials have generated information about the safety and efficacy of imiquimod 5% cream in the treatment of actinic keratosis, still very little is known about the challenges and pitfalls of this therapy in the daily clinical routine., OBJECTIVE: To mirror the full picture of the actinic keratosis imiquimod routine therapy, ie, patient profile, in-therapy decisions, tolerability, and satisfaction., METHODS: The present observational, multicenter study included 463 patients from the offices of 93 non-hospital based Austrian dermatologists. Inclusion was solely based on the treatment decision of the dermatologist and the patient's will to participate. There were no specific interventions except suggested time points of visits with pre-defined documentation forms., RESULTS: The typical actinic keratosis patient was a male, aged 74 years, with a disease history of 5.7+/-5.3 years, who presented with 8.4+/-8.0 multiple pre-treated lesions at the face. More than 95% of the patients developed therapeutic skin responses (dominated by erythema and crusting), which led to a significant reduction of lesions from baseline to the end of the therapy. Notably, one-third of those patients prone to a second therapeutic course were submitted to another form of treatment. Post-imiquimod therapy comprised of antibiotic creams, topical steroids, and numerous emollients. Patients and dermatologists reported high satisfaction with the therapy including the cosmetic outcome., CONCLUSION: Our data show the high need for experience at the dermatologist side and information at the patient side. Moreover, the method of treatment for imiquimod-related skin reactions definitively asks for standardization. The study was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT01151956). Decision by ClinicalTrials.gov: Federal University Teaching Hospital, Feldkirch, Austria Protocol Record OBIMQ465-AK-08, Imiquimod and actinic keratoses: an observational study.
A cross-sectional analysis of the association between diet and insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I, IGF-II, IGF-binding protein (IGFBP)-2, and IGFBP-3 in men in the United Kingdom.; BACKGROUND: There is evidence of associations between insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I), IGF-II, insulin-like binding protein-2 (IGFBP-2), IGFBP-3, and prostate cancer risk. This study examines the association between dietary factors associated with prostate cancer and serum levels of these peptides., METHODS: A cross-sectional analysis of self-reported 12-month dietary intake with serum IGF and IGFBP levels was performed using data from 1,798 subjects screened negative for prostate cancer as part of a UK multicenter trial comparing treatments for this condition. Multivariable linear regression models tested associations of diet with IGFs and IGFBPs., RESULTS: For a one standard deviation (SD) increase in dairy product and dairy protein intake, IGF-I increased by 5.28 ng/mL (95 % confidence interval: 2.64, 7.92 ng/mL) and 6.02 ng/mL (3.34, 8.71 ng/mL), respectively. A 25 % increase in calcium and selenium intake was associated with an increase in IGF-I of 5.92 ng/mL (3.77, 8.07 ng/mL) and 2.61 ng/mL (1.10, 4.13 ng/mL), respectively. A one SD increase in animal protein was associated with a decrease in IGFBP-2 of 6.20 % (-8.91, -3.41 %), and there was some evidence of an inverse association with dairy protein and calcium. There was no evidence of any dietary associations with IGFBP-3 or IGF-II., CONCLUSIONS: Diet is associated with IGF-I and IGFBP-2 levels in men in the UK, and these peptides warrant further investigation as part of randomized trials of dietary interventions to reduce the risk or progression of prostate cancer. There is no evidence that IGF-II or IGFBP-3 are mediators of dietary associations with prostate cancer.
Bright Start: Description and main outcomes from a group-randomized obesity prevention trial in American Indian children.; The aim of the Bright Start study was to develop and test the effectiveness of a school environment intervention, supplemented with family involvement, to reduce excessive weight gain by increasing physical activity and healthy eating practices among kindergarten and first-grade American Indian children. Bright Start was a group-randomized, school-based trial involving 454 children attending 14 schools on the Pine Ridge Reservation in South Dakota. Children were followed from the beginning of their kindergarten year through the end of first grade. Main outcome variables were mean BMI, mean percent body fat, and prevalence of overweight/obese children. The goals of the intervention were to: increase physical activity at school to at least 60 min/day; modify school meals and snacks; and involve families in making behavioral and environmental changes at home. At baseline, 32% of boys and 25% of girls were overweight/obese. Although the intervention was not associated with statistically significant change in mean levels of BMI, BMI-Z, skinfolds or percentage body fat, the intervention was associated with a statistically significant net decrease of 10% in the prevalence of overweight. Intervention children experienced a 13.4% incidence of overweight, whereas the control children experienced a corresponding incidence of 24.8%; a difference of -11.4% (P = 0.033). The intervention significantly reduced parent-reported mean child intakes of sugar-sweetened beverages, whole milk, and chocolate milk. Changes in duration of school physical activity were not significant. Because obesity is the most daunting health challenge facing American Indian children today, more intervention research is needed to identify effective approaches.
Obesity susceptibility loci and dietary intake in the Look AHEAD Trial.; BACKGROUND: Genome-wide association studies (GWAS) have identified consistent associations with obesity. However, the mechanisms remain unclear., OBJECTIVE: The objective was to determine the association between obesity susceptibility loci and dietary intake., DESIGN: The association of GWAS-identified obesity risk alleles (FTO, MC4R, SH2B1, BDNF, INSIG2, TNNI3K, NISCH-STAB1, MTIF3, MAP2K5, QPCTL/GIPR, and PPARG) with dietary intake, measured through food-frequency questionnaires, was investigated in 2075 participants from the Look AHEAD (Action for Health in Diabetes) clinical trial. We adjusted for age, sex, population stratification, and study site., RESULTS: Obesity risk alleles at FTO rs1421085 significantly predicted more eating episodes per day (P = 0.001)-an effect that persisted after adjustment for body weight (P = 0.004). Risk variants within BDNF were significantly associated with more servings from the dairy product and the meat, eggs, nuts, and beans food groups (P <= 0.004). The risk allele at SH2B1 rs4788099 was significantly associated with more servings of dairy products (P = 0.001), whereas the risk allele at TNNI3K rs1514176 was significantly associated with a lower percentage of energy from protein (P = 0.002)., CONCLUSION: These findings suggest that obesity risk loci may affect the pattern and content of food consumption among overweight or obese individuals with type 2 diabetes. The Look AHEAD Genetic Ancillary Study was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01270763 and the Look AHEAD study as NCT00017953.
Associations of infant nutrition with insulin resistance measures in early adulthood: evidence from the Barry-Caerphilly Growth (BCG) study.; BACKGROUND: Previous studies suggest that over-nutrition in early infancy may programme long-term susceptibility to insulin resistance., OBJECTIVE: To assess the association of breast milk and quantity of infant formula and cows' milk intake during infancy with insulin resistance measures in early adulthood., DESIGN: Long-term follow-up of the Barry Caerphilly Growth cohort, into which mothers and their offspring had originally been randomly assigned, between 1972-1974, to receive milk supplementation or not. Participants were the offspring, aged 23-27 years at follow-up (n = 679). Breastfeeding and formula/cows' milk intake was recorded prospectively by nurses. The main outcomes were insulin sensitivity (ISI(0)) and insulin secretion (CIR(30))., RESULTS: 573 (84%) individuals had valid glucose and insulin results and complete covariate information. There was little evidence of associations of breastfeeding versus any formula/cows' milk feeding or of increasing quartiles of formula/cows' milk consumption during infancy (<3 months) with any outcome measure in young adulthood. In fully adjusted models, the differences in outcomes between breastfeeding versus formula/cows' milk feeding at 3 months were: fasting glucose (-0.07 mmol/l; 95% CI: -0.19, 0.05); fasting insulin (8.0%; -8.7, 27.6); ISI(0) (-6.1%; -11.3, 12.1) and CIR(30) (3.8%; -19.0, 32.8). There was also little evidence that increasing intakes of formula/cows' milk at 3 months were associated with fasting glucose (increase per quartile of formula/cows' milk intake = 0.00 mmol/l; -0.03, 0.03); fasting insulin (0.8%; -3.2, 5.1); ISI (0) (-0.9%; -5.1, 3.5) and CIR(30) (-2.6%; -8.4, 3.6)., CONCLUSIONS: We found no evidence that increasing consumption of formula/cows' milk in early infancy was associated with insulin resistance in young adulthood.
A randomized control study of the prevention of hyperpigmentation post Q-switched Nd:YAG laser treatment of Hori nevus using topical fucidic acid plus betamethasone valerate cream versus fucidic acid cream.; BACKGROUND: Post-inflammatory hyperpigmentation (PIH) after laser treatment of Hori nevus remains problematic. Prevention and treatment of PIH have limited success., OBJECTIVE: To study the effects on hyperpigmentation using topical antibiotic alone versus combined antibiotic and betamethasone/valerate after 1064 nm Q-switched Nd:YAG laser treatment of Hori nevus., METHOD: Twenty-five cases of Hori nevus treated with Q-switched Nd:YAG laser randomly applied topical fucidic acid (control group) or fucidic acid plus betamethasone/valerate (study group) on assigned cheek immediately post laser for 2 weeks. Pigmentation was measured using the mexameter as melanin index (MI) and erythema index (EI), at baseline, 2nd and 4th weeks. Photographic evaluation and patient global assessment were done at the 4th week., RESULTS: Twenty-three cases completed the study. No patient developed side effect from either creams. The comparison of M and E-indexes of the control versus the study group revealed no significant difference. However, there was a uniform increase of M index of the control group compared to the study group., CONCLUSION: Applying topical corticosteroid immediately after laser treatment decreased pigmentation. Although not statistically significant, there was a tendency for lightening. Future studies are needed with more patients, duration of follow-ups and histological studies to assess pigmentary changes.
Dairy consumption and working memory performance in overweight and obese adults.; All individuals will experience some degree of cognitive impairment in their later years. Diet is one readily modifiable factor that may influence cognitive function and psychological well-being. Very little research has considered the potential role of dairy foods in modulating cognitive and psychological functions. The objective of this study was to determine the effect of a high intake of reduced fat dairy food on cognitive performance. Overweight adults with habitually low dairy intakes (< two serves/day) were recruited for a 12 month crossover dietary intervention trial and randomised to a high (four serves/day) or low (one serve/day) intake of reduced fat dairy, crossing over to the alternate diet after 6 months. Participants were tested at the end of each 6 month diet period on multiple measures of cognitive performance, including memory, information processing speed, executive function, attention and abstract reasoning. In 38 participants who completed the trial (average age=52+/-2 years; BMI=31.5+/-0.8 kg/m(2)), spatial working memory performance was marginally better following 6 months of the high dairy diet compared with the low dairy diet. Increasing the dairy intake of habitually low dairy consumers may have the potential to improve working memory. Copyright © 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Improvement of vitamin D status via daily intake of fortified yogurt drink either with or without extra calcium ameliorates systemic inflammatory biomarkers, including adipokines, in the subjects with type 2 diabetes.; CONTEXT: Systemic inflammation is thought to have a central role in diabetic long-term complications., OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of vitamin D either with or without extra calcium on certain inflammatory biomarkers in the subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D)., DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This was a double-blind, randomized, controlled trial conducted over 12 wk in 90 T2D subjects aged 30-60 yr from both sexes., INTERVENTION: Subjects were randomly allocated to one of three groups to receive two 250-ml bottles a day of plain Persian yogurt drink or doogh (PD, containing 150 mg calcium and no detectable vitamin D(3)/250 ml), vitamin D-fortified doogh (DD, containing 500 IU vitamin D(3) and 150 mg calcium/250 ml), or calcium + vitamin D(3)-fortified doogh (CDD, containing 500 IU vitamin D(3) and 250 mg calcium/250 ml)., OUTCOME MEASURES: The changes in inflammatory markers were evaluated., RESULTS: Compared to the baseline values, highly sensitive C-reactive protein, IL-1beta, IL-6, fibrinogen, and retinol binding protein-4 concentrations significantly decreased in both the DD and CDD groups. Although the decrement in highly sensitive C-reactive protein and fibrinogen was more in CDD compared to DD (-4.0 +/- 8.5 vs. -1.3 +/- 2.8 mg/liter, and -0.40 +/- 0.74 and -0.20 +/- 0.52 mg/liter, respectively), the differences were not significant. There was a significant increase in serum adiponectin in both the DD and CDD groups (51.3 +/- 65.3 vs. 57.1 +/- 33.8 mug/liter; P < 0.05). Mean adiponectin changes in CDD were significantly higher than in PD (P = 0.021)., CONCLUSIONS: Daily intake of vitamin D-fortified doogh improved inflammatory markers in T2D subjects, and extra calcium conferred additional benefit only for the antiinflammatory adipokine, i.e. adiponectin.
A randomized trial of the off-label use of imiquimod, 5%, cream with vs without tazarotene, 0.1%, gel for the treatment of lentigo maligna, followed by conservative staged excisions.; OBJECTIVE: To determine if the complete response rates of lentigo maligna (LM) to imiquimod, 5%, cream can be improved by the addition of a topical retinoid., DESIGN: Prospective randomized study of patients treated with imiquimod alone vs imiquimod plus a topical retinoid, followed by conservative staged excisions., SETTING: Mohs surgical clinic in an academic institution., PATIENTS: Ninety patients with biopsy-confirmed LM., INTERVENTIONS: Ninety patients with 91 LMs were randomized into 2 groups. One group received imiquimod, 5%, cream 5 d/wk for 3 months, while the other group also received tazarotene, 0.1%, gel 2 d/wk for 3 months. Following topical therapy, all patients underwent staged excisions and frozen section analysis with Melan-A immunostaining to confirm negative margins., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: The presence or absence of residual LM at the time of staged excision., RESULTS: Forty-six patients with 47 LMs were randomized to receive monotherapy: 42 of 47 LMs reached the intended treatment duration, with 27 complete responses (64%). Forty-four patients with 44 LMs were randomized to receive combined therapy: 37 of 44 LMs reached the intended treatment duration, with 29 complete responses (78%). This difference did not reach statistical significance (P=.17). There have been no recurrences to date, with a mean follow-up period of 42 months., CONCLUSIONS: Among patients who received topical imiquimod with vs without tazarotene, 22% (8 of 37) of lesions vs 36% (15 of 42) of lesions showed residual LM on staged excisions. Pretreating LM with imiquimod, 5%, cream may decrease surgical defect sizes; however, total reliance on topical imiquimod as an alternative to surgery may put the patient at increased risk of a local recurrence.
In vivo photoprotective and anti-inflammatory effect of hyperforin is associated with high antioxidant activity in vitro and ex vivo.; Hyperforin, a major constituent of St. John's Wort (Hypericum perforatum, HP), provides anti-inflammatory, anti-tumor, and anti-bacterial properties. Previous studies have shown anti-oxidative properties of St. John's Wort extracts; however, its free radical scavenging activity in skin cells or skin has not been assessed in detail so far. Therefore, the free radical scavenging activity of hyperforin was tested in the H(2)DCFDA-assay in vitro in HaCaT keratinocytes irradiated with solar simulated radiation. Hyperforin (EC(50) 0.7 muM corresponding to 0.42 mug/ml) was much more effective compared to Trolox (EC(50) 12 mug/ml) and N-acetylcysteine (EC(50) 847 mug/ml) without showing phototoxicity. The radical protection factor of a cream containing 1.5%w/w of a hyperforin-rich HP extract was determined to be 200 x 10(14) radicals/mg, indicating a high radical scavenging activity. The cream was further applied ex vivo on porcine ear skin and significantly reduced radical formation after infrared irradiation. Finally, the UV-protective effect of the HP cream was tested on 20 volunteers in a randomized, double-blind, vehicle-controlled study. HP cream significantly reduced UVB-induced erythema as opposed to the vehicle. Occlusive application of HP cream on non-irradiated test sites did not cause any skin irritation. Taken together, these results demonstrate that hyperforin is a powerful free radical scavenger. Copyright © 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Evaluation of safety and tolerance of microencapsulated Lactobacillus reuteri NCIMB 30242 in a yogurt formulation: a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind study.; Probiotic organisms have shown promise in treating diseases. Previously, we have reported on the efficacy of microencapsulated Lactobacillus reuteri NCIMB 30242 in a yogurt formulation at lowering serum cholesterol levels in otherwise healthy hypercholesterolemic adults. This study investigates the safety and toxicology of oral ingestion of microencapsulated L. reuteri NCIMB 30242 in a yogurt formulation. A randomized group of 120 subjects received a dose of 5 x 10(10) CFU microencapsulated L. reuteri NCIMB 30242 in yogurt (n=59) or placebo yogurt (n=61) twice/day for 6 weeks. Clinical chemistry and hematological parameters of safety were analyzed. Fecal samples were collected at these time points for the analysis of deconjugated bile acids. The frequency, duration and intensity of adverse events (AEs) and clinical significance of safety parameters were recorded for both groups. No clinically significant differences between the probiotic yogurt and placebo yogurt treated groups were detected in either the blood clinical chemistry or hematology results and there was no significant increase in fecal deconjugated bile acids (P>0.05) between treated and control groups. The frequency and intensity of AEs was similar in the two groups. These results demonstrate the safe use of this formulation in food. Copyright © 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Infant feeding bottle design, growth and behaviour: results from a randomised trial.; BACKGROUND: Whether the design of an anti-vacuum infant feeding bottle influences infant milk intake, growth or behavior is unknown, and was the subject of this randomized trial., METHODS:, SUBJECTS: 63 (36 male) healthy, exclusively formula-fed term infants., INTERVENTION: Randomisation to use Bottle A (n = 31), one-way air valve: Philips Avent) versus Bottle B (n = 32), internal venting system: Dr Browns). 74 breast-fed reference infants were recruited, with randomisation (n = 24) to bottle A (n = 11) or B (n = 13) if bottle-feeding was subsequently introduced. Randomisation: stratified by gender and parity; computer-based telephone randomisation by independent clinical trials unit., SETTING: Infant home., PRIMARY OUTCOME MEASURE: infant weight gain to 4 weeks., SECONDARY OUTCOMES: (i) milk intake (ii) infant behaviour measured at 2 weeks (validated 3-day diary); (iii) risk of infection; (iv) continuation of breastfeeding following introduction of mixed feeding., RESULTS: Number analysed for primary outcome: Bottle A n = 29, Bottle B n = 25., PRIMARY OUTCOME: There was no significant difference in weight gain between randomised groups (0-4 weeks Bottle A 0.74 (SD 1.2) SDS versus bottle B 0.51 (0.39), mean difference 0.23 (95% CI -0.31 to 0.77)., SECONDARY OUTCOMES: Infants using bottle A had significantly less reported fussing (mean 46 versus 74 minutes/day, p < 0.05) than those using bottle B. There was no significant difference in any other outcome measure. Breast-fed reference group: There were no significant differences in primary or secondary outcomes between breast-fed and formula fed infants. The likelyhood of breastfeeding at 3 months was not significantly different in infants subsequently randomised to bottle A or B., CONCLUSION: Bottle design may have short-term effects on infant behaviour which merit further investigation. No significant effects were seen on milk intake or growth; confidence in these findings is limited by the small sample size and this needs confirmation in a larger study., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinical Trials.gov NCT00325208.
Diet in acne: further evidence for the role of nutrient signalling in acne pathogenesis.; Recent evidence underlines the role of Western diet in the pathogenesis of acne. Acne is absent in populations consuming Palaeolithic diets with low glycaemic load and no consumption of milk or dairy products. Two randomized controlled studies, one of which is presented in this issue of Acta Dermato-Venereologica, have provided evidence for the beneficial therapeutic effects of low glycaemic load diets in acne. Epidemiological evidence confirms that milk consumption has an acne-promoting or acne-aggravating effect. Recent progress in understanding the nutrient-sensitive kinase mammalian target of rapamycin complex 1 (mTORC1) allows a new view of nutrient signalling in acne by both high glycaemic load and increased insulin-, IGF-1-, and leucine signalling due to milk protein consumption. Acne should be regarded as an mTORC1-driven disease of civilization, like obesity, type 2 diabetes and cancer induced by Western diet. Early dietary counselling of teenage acne patients is thus a great opportunity for dermatology, which will not only help to improve acne but may reduce the long-term adverse effects of Western diet on more serious mTORC1-driven diseases of civilization.
Effect on infant illness of maternal supplementation with 400 000 IU vs 200 000 IU of vitamin A.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Postpartum vitamin A supplementation is a strategy used to combat vitamin A deficiency and seems to reduce maternal/infant morbidity and mortality. However, studies have shown that a dose of 200 000 IU (World Health Organization [WHO] protocol) does not seem to provide adequate retinol levels in maternal breast milk, infant serum, and infant tissue. The objective of this study was to compare the effect of postpartum maternal supplementation with 400 000 IU (International Vitamin A Consultative Group protocol) compared with 200 000 IU of vitamin A on infant morbidity., METHODS: This was a randomized controlled, triple-blinded clinical trial conducted at 2 public maternity hospitals in Recife in northeastern Brazil. There were 276 mother-child pairs that were allocated to 2 treatment groups: 400 000 IU or 200 000 IU of vitamin A. They were followed up for >6 months to evaluate infant morbidity., RESULTS: Fever (rate ratio [RR]: 0.92 [95% confidence interval (CI): 0.75-1.14]), diarrhea (RR: 0.96 [95% CI: 0.72-1.28]), otitis (RR: 0.94 [95% CI: 0.48-1.85]), acute respiratory infection (RR: 1.03 [95% CI: 0.88-1.21]), the need for intravenous rehydration (RR: 2.08 [95% CI: 0.64-2.07]), and the use of antibiotic treatment (RR: 0.80 [95% CI: 0.43-1.47]) did not differ significantly between the 2 treatment groups., CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that postpartum maternal supplementation with 400 000 IU of vitamin A does not provide any additional benefits in the reduction of illness in children aged <6 months; therefore, we do not support the proposal to increase the standard vitamin A dose in the existing WHO protocol.
A spread containing bioactive milk peptides Ile-Pro-Pro and Val-Pro-Pro, and plant sterols has antihypertensive and cholesterol-lowering effects.; Lifestyle intervention is recommended as the primary treatment for mild hypertension and hypercholesterolemia. We studied the effects of a spread containing bioactive milk peptides IPP and VPP, as well as plant sterols, on cardiovascular risk factors in 104 hypertensive, hypercholesterolemic subjects in a randomised, placebo-controlled double-blind intervention. Middle-aged subjects consumed 20 g day-1 of a spread containing 4.2 mg of IPP and VPP as well as 2 g of plant sterols for 10 weeks after a 2 week run-in period. Blood pressure was measured at home 3 times a week. Office blood pressure and 24 h ambulatory blood pressure measurements were performed at the end of the run-in and intervention periods. Blood samples were analysed for serum lipids, plasma glucose and inflammation markers. A significant decrease (-4.1 mmHg vs. -0.5 mmHg, p = 0.007) in systolic blood pressure was seen in the active group, compared to placebo at home measurements. Office blood pressure and 24 h nighttime or daytime ambulatory systolic or diastolic pressure did not differ between the groups. Total (-0.16 vs. 0.25 mmol l-1, p = 0.005) and LDL cholesterol (-0.16 vs. 0.18 mmol l-1, p = 0.006) decreased significantly in the active group compared to the placebo. No significant differences between groups were seen for plasma glucose or inflammation markers. The results thus suggest that milk peptides IPP and VPP and plant sterols, in a low-fat spread matrix, produce a clinically significant reduction in systolic blood pressure as well as serum total and LDL cholesterol without adverse effects. Functional foods that affect 2 major risk factors offer a safe and convenient way to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease by supporting lifestyle intervention.
Use of dairy products, lactose, and calcium and risk of ovarian cancer - results from a Danish case-control study.; BACKGROUND: A number of epidemiological studies have examined the association between use of dairy products and risk of ovarian cancer, but results are conflicting. Using data from a large Danish population-based case-control study we here further examined the association between dairy consumption, lactose, and calcium and risk of overall ovarian cancer and histological types of ovarian cancer., MATERIAL AND METHODS: In the period 1995-1999 we included 554 women with epithelial ovarian cancer and 1554 randomly selected age-matched controls (35-79 years). All women participated in a detailed personal interview that included questions about dairy consumption. Data were analysed using multiple logistic regression models., RESULTS: Total dairy intake was associated with ovarian cancer risk (OR = 1.11; 95% CI: 1.07-1.15 per 100 ml/day). The association was strongest for milk [OR = 1.14; 95% CI: 1.03-1.27 per glass (200 ml)/day], soured milk products [OR = 1.49; 95% CI: 1.22-1.81 per portion (250 ml)/day] and yoghurt [OR = 1.65; 95% CI: 1.22-2.23 per portion (250 ml)/day]. In contrast, intake of cheese was associated with a decreased risk [OR = 0.70; 95% CI: 0.55-0.89 for > 1 portion (100 ml)/day compared with no intake]. Intake of lactose, but not calcium, was also associated with an increased ovarian cancer risk (OR = 1.24; 95% CI: 1.10-1.40 per 10 g of lactose/day). Similar risk patterns were observed for the different histological types of ovarian cancer, indicating virtually identical aetiologies with regard to dairy intake, lactose, and calcium., CONCLUSIONS: Our results indicate that intake of dairy products is associated with a modest increased risk of ovarian cancer. In addition, ovarian cancer development was associated with lactose intake.
Imiquimod 5% cream as pretreatment of Mohs micrographic surgery for nodular basal cell carcinoma in the face: a prospective randomized controlled study.; BACKGROUND: Imiquimod 5% cream can reduce or clear superficial and small nodular basal cell carcinoma (BCC). It could be used as a pretreatment of Mohs micrographic surgery (MMS) to decrease defect size., OBJECTIVES: To study if a pretreatment with imiquimod 5% cream decreases defect size after MMS. In addition, to study the effect on the number of Mohs stages and reconstruction time., METHODS: Seventy patients aged >18 years with a primary nodular BCC in the face were included. The imiquimod group used imiquimod 5% cream for 4 weeks, before MMS. The control group was treated with MMS only. Tumour and defect sizes were measured. We noted the number of Mohs stages, reconstruction time and side-effects., RESULTS: The median percentage increase in area from tumour size at baseline to the post-MMS defect for the imiquimod group was significantly less compared with the control group, 50% vs. 147% (P < 0.001). A tendency towards fewer Mohs stages in the imiquimod group was observed and the reconstruction time was significantly shorter in this group (P = 0.01)., CONCLUSIONS: Imiquimod 5% cream as pretreatment of MMS significantly reduced the tumour size in primary nodular BCC and reduced the surgical defect size. Further research is necessary to investigate cost-effectiveness. Copyright © 2012 The Authors. BJD © 2012 British Association of Dermatologists.
Cocoa, hazelnuts, sterols and soluble fiber cream reduces lipids and inflammation biomarkers in hypertensive patients: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Cocoa, mixed with other food ingredients, intake can have beneficial effects on cardiovascular disease (CVD) biomarkers. We compared the effects of 4 cocoa cream products on some of these biomarkers., METHODS AND FINDINGS: In this multi-centered, randomized, controlled, double-blind, parallel trial, volunteers (n = 113; age range: 43-65 years) who were pre-hypertensive, stage-1 hypertensive and hypercholesterolemic received one of 4 cocoa cream products (13 g/unit; 1 g cocoa/unit, 6 units/d; 465 Kcal/d) added to a low saturated fat diet for 4 weeks. The groups were: A) (n = 28), cocoa cream considered as control; B) (n = 28), cocoa+hazelnut cream (30 g/d hazelnuts); C) (n = 30), cocoa+hazelnuts+phytosterols (2 g/d); and D) (n = 27), cocoa+hazelnuts+phytosterols+soluble fiber (20 g/d) the patented "LMN product". Primary outcome measures were BP, LDL-c, apolipoprotein B-100 (Apo B), ApoB/ApoA ratio, oxidized LDL (oxLDL) and high-sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP) determined at baseline and post-cocoa cream product intake. Statistical analysis used was ANCOVA or mixed models (in case of repeated measurements), with baseline observation included as a covariate. After 4 weeks, compared to product A, product C reduced LDL-c by 11.2%, Apo B by 8.1% and ApoB/ApoA ratio by 7.8% (P = 0.01). LMN decreased LDL-c by 9.2%, Apo B-100 by 8.5%, ApoB/ApoA ratio by 10.5%, hsCRP by 33.4% and oxLDL by 5.9% (P = 0.01). Surprisingly, even "control" product A reduced systolic BP (-7.89 mmHg; 95%CI: -11.45 to -4.3) and diastolic BP (-5.54 mmHg; 95%CI: -7.79 to -3.29). The BP reductions were similar with the other 3 products. Limitations of the study are that the trial period was relatively short and that a better "BP control" product would have been preferable., CONCLUSION: The creams (particularly the LMN) have anti-inflammatory and antioxidant effects in addition to lowering LDL-c, Apo B and ApoB/ApoA ratio. Thus, the soluble fiber effects amplified with sterols (as contained in the cocoa creams) provide new dietary therapeutic perspectives., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinicaltrials.gov NCT00511420.
Differential effects of dairy snacks on appetite, but not overall energy intake.; Dietary regulation of appetite may contribute to the prevention and management of excess body weight. The present study examined the effect of consumption of individual dairy products as snacks on appetite and subsequent ad libitum lunch energy intake. In a randomised cross-over trial, forty overweight men (age 32 (sd 9) years; BMI 27 (sd 2) kg/m2) attended four sessions 1 week apart and received three isoenergetic (841 kJ) and isovolumetric (410 ml) servings of dairy snacks or water (control) 120 min after breakfast. Appetite profile was determined throughout the morning and ad libitum energy intake was assessed 90 min after the intake of snacks. Concentrations of amino acids, glucose, insulin, ghrelin and peptide tyrosine tyrosine were measured at baseline (0 min) and 80 min after the intake of snacks. Although the results showed that yogurt had the greatest suppressive effect on appetite, this could be confounded by the poor sensory ratings of yogurt. Hunger rating was 8, 10 and 24 % (P < 0.001) lower after the intake of yogurt than cheese, milk and water, respectively. Energy intake was 11, 9 and 12 % (P < 0.02) lower after the intake of yogurt, cheese and milk, respectively, compared with water (4312 (se 226) kJ). Although there was no difference in the postprandial responses of hormones, alanine and isoleucine concentrations were higher after the intake of yogurt than cheese and milk (P < 0.05). In conclusion, all dairy snacks reduced appetite and lunch intake compared with water. Yogurt had the greatest effect on suppressing subjective appetite ratings, but did not affect subsequent food intake compared with milk or cheese.
Behavioral change during weight loss program and one-year follow-up: Saku Control Obesity Program (SCOP) in Japan.; This study evaluated effects of a behavioral approach which placed emphasis on tailored behavior counseling, diet, weight loss and weight maintenance. A one-year randomized controlled trial was conducted among 235 overweight/obese adults in Japan. The intervention group (n=119) received individual-based counseling using a behavioral approach and the changes made in the diet and physical activity were dependent on each participant as much as possible. One year later, the intervention group lost significantly more weight than the control group (-5.0 kg vs. 0.1 kg for men and -3.9 kg vs. -0.2 kg for women). Compared to the control group, the male intervention group reduced overall energy, cereals and dairy products consumption significantly, while increasing green and yellow vegetable intake, and the female intervention group significantly reduced intake of dairy products. Regarding behaviors, both male and female intervention groups increased the number of walking steps and women improved their irregular eating habits compared to those in the control groups. Behavior changes were related to weight loss; participants who maintained the action/maintenance stage or moved to later stages lost significantly more weight than participants who remained in the pre-contemplation/contemplation/preparation stages or regressed to earlier stages. After one-year follow-up, the intervention group maintained significantly lower weights, lower energy intakes and improvements in irregular eating habits. Our behavioral approach led to diet and behavior modification, weight loss and maintenance. Because modified variables differed between men and women, gender-specific approaches may be necessary.
Dietary patterns as risk factors of differentiated thyroid carcinoma.; UNLABELLED: Nutritional factors are known to be important in the development of different metabolic diseases. The history of nodular or diffuse goiter is closely related to risk of thyroid carcinoma. On account of the function of the thyroid gland, many studies focus on iodine intake. The aim of the study was to assess whether dietary patterns could be risk factors of differentiated thyroid carcinoma., MATERIAL/METHODS: The case-control study was based on a questionnaire, which included information about dietary patterns and was carried out on 284 patients comprising 30 males (mean age 58.4+/-13.7 years), and 254 females (mean age 52.1+/-13.8 years), as well as 345 randomly selected controls: 58 males (mean age 60.2+/-12 years) and 287 females (mean age 53.4+/-14.3 years) randomly selected from the Population Register and adjusted by age and gender to the group of TC. The main groups of nutritional products, i.e. starchy foods, meat, dairy products, vegetables, fruits, and beverages, were analyzed., RESULTS: Consumption of vegetables, fruits, saltwater fish and cottage cheese was significantly lower in patients with differentiated thyroid carcinoma than in controls, quite the contrary to starchy foods, especially white bread., CONCLUSIONS: Dietary patterns appear to modify the risk of thyroid carcinoma. A diet rich in vegetables and fruit, as well as saltwater fish (a source of iodine) and low-fat meat, could be an important protective factor.
Bioavailability, antipsoriatic efficacy and tolerability of a new light cream with mometasone furoate 0.1%.; Mometasone furoate, a potent glucocorticoid (class III) with a favorable benefit/risk ratio, has emerged as a standard medication for the treatment of inflammatory skin disorders. The purpose of the investigation presented here was to determine the noninferiority of a topical mometasone formulation, a light cream (O/W 60/40 emulsion) with mometasone furoate 0.1% (water content of 33%) versus marketed comparators. Using the vasoconstrictor assay, a strong blanching effect of the new cream (called Mometasone cream) comparable to that of a mometasone comparator, a fatty cream with mometasone furoate 0.1%, could be demonstrated. Thus, the topical bioavailability of the active ingredient mometasone furoate (0.1%) was regarded to be similar for Mometasone cream and the mometasone comparator. Using the psoriasis plaque test, a strong antipsoriatic effect comparable to that of the mometasone comparator was found for Mometasone cream after 12 days of occlusive treatment. A nearly identical reduction in the mean infiltrate thickness and similar mean AUC values were noted with both formulations confirmed by clinical assessment data. The noninferiority of Mometasone cream to its active comparator with respect to the AUC of change to baseline in infiltrate thickness was demonstrated. Both medications were well tolerated. Overall, Mometasone cream and the mometasone comparator showed similar efficacy and tolerability. Mometasone cream, in addition to its high potency and good tolerability, provides the properties of a light cream, which might make this new medication particularly suitable for application on acutely inflamed and sensitive skin. Copyright © 2012 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Sources of dietary protein in relation to blood pressure in a general Dutch population.; BACKGROUND: Little is known about the relation of different dietary protein types with blood pressure (BP). We examined whether intake of total, plant, animal, dairy, meat, and grain protein was related to BP in a cross sectional cohort of 20,820 Dutch adults, aged 20-65 y and not using antihypertensive medication., DESIGN: Mean BP levels were calculated in quintiles of energy-adjusted protein with adjustment for age, sex, BMI, education, smoking, and intake of energy, alcohol, and other nutrients including protein from other sources. In addition, mean BP difference after substitution of 3 en% carbohydrates or MUFA with protein was calculated., RESULTS: Total protein and animal protein were not associated with BP (p(trend) = 0.62 and 0.71 respectively), both at the expense of carbohydrates and MUFA. Systolic BP was 1.8 mmHg lower (p(trend)<0.01) in the highest (>36 g/d) than in the lowest (<27 g/d) quintile of plant protein. This inverse association was present both at the expense of carbohydrates and MUFA and more pronounced in individuals with untreated hypertension (-3.6 mmHg) than in those with normal (+0.1 mmHg) or prehypertensive BP (-0.3 mmHg; p(interaction)<0.01). Meat and grain protein were not related to BP. Dairy protein was directly associated with systolic BP (+1.6 mmHg, p(trend)<0.01), but not with diastolic BP (p(trend) = 0.24)., CONCLUSIONS: Total protein and animal protein were not associated with BP in this general untreated Dutch population. Plant protein may be beneficial to BP, especially in people with elevated BP. However, because high intake of plant protein may be a marker of a healthy diet and lifestyle in general, confirmation from randomized controlled trials is warranted.
Results of an investigator-initiated single-blind split-face comparison of photodynamic therapy and 5% imiquimod cream for the treatment of actinic keratoses.; BACKGROUND: Topical photodynamic therapy (PDT) with aminolevulinic acid (ALA) and 5% imiquimod cream are effective therapies for the treatment of actinic keratoses (AKs), but no split-face studies directly comparing these treatment options are available in the literature., OBJECTIVE: To compare the efficacy and tolerability of ALA-PDT and imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of AKs., RESULTS: Sixty-one patients were enrolled from the Salt Lake City Veterans Affairs Hospital; 51 completed the study and were included in the analysis. All patients were randomized to receive half of a sachet of imiquimod 5% cream twice weekly on half of their face and two sessions of PDT with 20% solution of ALA applied for 1 hour to the other side of the face. The 75% AK clearance rate was 34.6% for ALA-PDT and 25% for imiquimod 5% cream (p = .30). The mean reduction in AK count was 59.2% for ALA-PDT and 41.4% for imiquimod 5% cream (p = .002). Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI) scores were assessed for each treatment modality at week 4 and were 1.95 and 1.38, respectively (p = .20)., LIMITATIONS: The sample size was small, and patients applied a small amount of imiquimod 5% cream (half a sachet) to a large surface area., CONCLUSION: There was no statistically significant difference in treatment response when the 100% or 75% clearance rate cutoff was used, but our secondary outcome suggests that two sessions of ALA-PDT is superior to imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of AKs. There was no statistically significant difference in effect on quality of life as assessed using the DLQI. Copyright © 2012 by the American Society for Dermatologic Surgery, Inc. Published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Effect of increasing protein content of human milk fortifier on growth in preterm infants born at <31 wk gestation: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Preterm human milk-fed infants often experience suboptimal growth despite the use of human milk fortifier (HMF). The extra protein supplied in fortifiers may be inadequate to meet dietary protein requirements for preterm infants., OBJECTIVE: We assessed the effect of human milk fortified with a higher-protein HMF on growth in preterm infants., DESIGN: This is a randomized controlled trial in 92 preterm infants born at <31 wk gestation who received maternal breast milk that was fortified with HMF containing 1.4 g protein/100 mL (higher-protein group) or 1.0 g protein/100 mL (current practice) until discharge or estimated due date, whichever came first. The HMFs used were isocaloric and differed only in the amount of protein or carbohydrate. Length, weight, and head-circumference gains were assessed over the study duration., RESULTS: Length gains did not differ between the higher- and standard-protein groups (mean difference: 0.06 cm/wk; 95% CI: -0.01, 0.12 cm/wk; P = 0.08). Infants in the higher-protein group achieved a greater weight at study end (mean difference: 220 g; 95% CI: 23, 419 g; P = 0.03). Secondary analyses showed a significant reduction in the proportion of infants who were less than the 10th percentile for length at the study end in the higher-protein group (risk difference: 0.186; 95% CI: 0.370, 0.003; P = 0.047)., CONCLUSIONS: A higher protein intake results in less growth faltering in human milk-fed preterm infants. It is possible that a higher-protein fortifier than used in this study is needed. This trial was registered with the Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry (http://www.anzctr.org.au/) as ACTRN12606000525583.
Effects of n-3 fatty acids on major cardiovascular events in statin users and non-users with a history of myocardial infarction.; AIMS: Recent secondary prevention trials have failed to demonstrate a beneficial effect of n-3 fatty acids on cardiovascular outcomes, which may be due to the growing use of statins since the mid-1990s. The aim of the present study was to assess whether statins modify the effects of n-3 fatty acids on major adverse cardiovascular events in patients with a history of myocardial infarction (MI)., METHODS AND RESULTS: Patients who participated in the Alpha Omega Trial were divided into consistent statin users (n = 3740) and consistent statin non-users (n = 413). In these two groups of patients, the effects of an additional daily amount of 400 mg eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) plus docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), 2 g alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), or both on major cardiovascular events were evaluated. Multivariable Cox's proportional hazard models were used to calculate adjusted hazard rate ratios (HR(adj)). Among the statin users 495 (13%) and among the statin non-users 62 (15%) developed a major cardiovascular event. In statin users, an additional amount of n-3 fatty acids did not reduce cardiovascular events [HR(adj) 1.02; 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.80, 1.31; P = 0.88]. In statin non-users, however, only 9% of those who received EPA-DHA plus ALA experienced an event compared with 18% in the placebo group (HR(adj) 0.46; 95% CI: 0.21, 1.01; P= 0.051)., CONCLUSION: In patients with a history of MI who are not treated with statins, low-dose supplementation with n-3 fatty acids may reduce major cardiovascular events. This study suggests that statin treatment modifies the effects of n-3 fatty acids on the incidence of major cardiovascular events.
The effect of milk proteins on appetite regulation and diet-induced thermogenesis.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: There is increasing evidence to support that a high-protein diet may promote weight loss and prevent weight (re)gain better than a low-protein diet, and that the effect is due to higher diet-induced thermogenesis (DIT) and increased satiety. However, data on the effect of different types of protein are limited. In the present study we compare the effect of whey, casein and milk on DIT and satiety., SUBJECTS/METHODS: Seventeen slightly overweight (29 +/- 4 kg/m(2)) male subjects completed the study. The study had a randomized, crossover design, where the effect on 4 h postprandial energy expenditure (EE), substrate oxidation and subjective appetite sensation of three isocaloric test meals containing either a whey drink, a casein drink or skim milk was examined. Energy intake (EI) at a subsequent ad libitum lunch was also measured., RESULTS: There was no significant effect on subjective appetite sensation, but EI at lunch was lower after the milk test meal than after the casein (9%; P=0.0260) and the whey (9%; P=0.0258) test meals. Postprandial lipid oxidation was significantly higher after the casein test meal compared with the whey test meal (P=0.0147) when adjusted for baseline values. There was no significant difference in effect on EE, protein oxidation or carbohydrate oxidation., CONCLUSIONS: Milk reduced subsequent EI more than isocaloric drinks containing only whey or casein. A small but significant increase in lipid oxidation was seen after casein compared with whey.
Satiety scores and satiety hormone response after sucrose-sweetened soft drink compared with isocaloric semi-skimmed milk and with non-caloric soft drink: a controlled trial.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Observational studies indicate that sugar-sweetened soft drinks (SSSD) may promote obesity, among other factors, owing to low-satiating effects. The effect of energy in drinks on appetite is still unclear. We examined the effect of two isocaloric, but macronutrient, different beverages (SSSD versus semi-skimmed milk) and two non-energy-containing beverages (aspartame-sweetened soft drink (ASSD) and water) on appetite, appetite-regulating hormones and energy intake (EI)., SUBJECTS/METHODS: In all, 24 obese individuals were included in a crossover trial. Each subject was served either 500 ml of SSSD (regular cola: 900 kJ), semi-skimmed milk (950 kJ), ASSD (diet cola: 7.5 kJ), or water. Subjective appetite scores, ghrelin, GLP-1, and GIP concentrations were measured at baseline and continuously 4-h post intake. Ad libitum EI was measured 4 h after intake of the test drinks., RESULTS: Milk induced greater subjective fullness and less hunger than regular cola (P<0.05). Also, milk led to 31% higher GLP-1 (95% CI: 20, 44; P<0.01) and 45% higher GIP (95% CI: 23, 72; P<0.01) concentrations compared with SSSD. Ghrelin was equally 20% lower after milk and SSSD compared with water. The total EI (ad libitum EI+EI from the drink) was higher after the energy-containing drinks compared with diet cola and water (P<0.01)., CONCLUSIONS: Milk increased appetite scores and GLP-1 and GIP responses compared with SSSD. The energy containing beverages were not compensated by decreased EI at the following meal, emphasizing the risk of generating a positive energy balance by consuming energy containing beverages. Furthermore, there were no indications of ASSD increased appetite or EI compared with water.
Effect of dairy consumption on weight and body composition in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials.; BACKGROUND: Although several observational and experimental studies have investigated the effect of dairy consumption on weight and body composition, results are inconsistent., OBJECTIVE: This systematic review and meta-analysis was conducted to summarize the published evidence from randomized controlled clinical trials (RCTs) regarding the effect of dairy consumption on weight, body fat mass, lean mass and waist circumference (WC) in adults., DESIGN: PubMed, ISI Web of Science, SCOPUS, Science Direct and EMBASE were searched from January 1960 to October 2011 for relevant English and non-English publications. Sixteen studies were selected for the systematic review and fourteen studies were included in meta-analysis., RESULTS: Our search led to 14, 12, 6 and 8 eligible RCTs that had data on weight, body fat mass, lean mass and WC, respectively. Overall, mean difference for the effect of dairy on body weight was -0.61 kg (95% confidence interval (CI): -1.29, 0.07, P=0.08). Increased dairy intake resulted in 0.72 kg (95% CI: -1.29, -0.14, P=0.01) greater reduction in fat mass, 0.58 kg (95% CI: 0.18, 0.99, P<0.01) gain in lean mass and 2.19 cm (95% CI: -3.42, -0.96, P-value <0.001) further reduction in WC than that in controls. Subgroup analysis revealed that increasing dairy intake without energy restriction in both intervention and control groups does not significantly affect weight, body fat mass, lean mass and WC; consumption of high-dairy weight loss diets led to 1.29 kg (95% CI: -1.98, -0.6, P<0.001) greater weight loss, 1.11 kg (95% CI: -1.75, -0.47, P=0.001) greater reduction in body fat mass, 0.72 kg (95% CI: 0.12, 1.32, P=0.02) gain in body lean mass and 2.43 cm (95% CI: -3.42, -1.44, P<0.001) additional reduction in WC compared with controls., CONCLUSION: Increased dairy consumption without energy restriction might not lead to a significant change in weight or body composition; whereas inclusion of dairy products in energy-restricted weight loss diets significantly affects weight, body fat mass, lean mass and WC compared with that in the usual weight loss diets.
The effect of dairy consumption on blood pressure in mid-childhood: CAPS cohort study.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: It has been postulated that a higher dairy consumption may affect blood pressure regulation. The aim of this study was to examine the association between dairy consumption and blood pressure in mid-childhood., SUBJECTS/METHODS: Subjects (n = 335) were participants of a birth cohort at high risk of asthma with information on diet at 18 months and blood pressure at 8 years. Multivariate analyses were used to assess the association of dairy consumption (serves) and micronutrient intakes (mg). In a subgroup of children (n = 201), dietary intake was also measured at approximately 9 years., RESULTS: Children in the highest quintile of dairy consumption at 18 months had lower systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) at 8 years (2.5 mm Hg, P=0.046 and 1.9 mm Hg, P = 0.047, respectively) than those in the lowest quintiles. SBP was lowest among children in the highest quintiles of calcium, magnesium and potassium intakes. Significant negative linear trends were observed between SBP and intakes of dairy serves, calcium, magnesium and potassium. Furthermore, SBP and DBP were lowest in the group of children that consumed at least two dairy serves at both 18 months and the follow-up dietary data collection at 9 years, compared with all other children (SBP 98.7 vs 101.0 mm Hg, P = 0.07; and DBP 56.5 vs 59.3 mm Hg, P = 0.006, respectively)., CONCLUSION: These results are consistent with a protective effect of dairy consumption in childhood on blood pressure at age 8 years.
Randomized controlled study of the effect of a butter naturally enriched in trans fatty acids on blood lipids in healthy women.; BACKGROUND: Whereas the negative effect of consuming trans fatty acids found in partially hydrogenated vegetable oils on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk is well established, the effect of trans fatty acids from ruminant sources (rTFAs) on CVD risk factors has not yet been established, particularly among women., OBJECTIVE: We investigated the effects of a butter naturally enriched in rTFAs, of which vaccenic acid is the predominant isomer, on plasma lipid concentrations among healthy women., DESIGN: In a double-blind, randomized, crossover controlled study, 61 healthy women aged 19-70 y were fed 2 isoenergetic diets lasting 4 wk each. The 2 diets were defined as moderately high in rTFAs (3.7 g/d, 1.5% of daily energy) and control (0.9 g/d, 0.3% of daily energy)., RESULTS: No significant effect of the rTFA diet was found on total plasma cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, apolipoprotein B, apolipoprotein A-I, and triglyceride concentrations compared with the control diet. There was a small yet statistically significant reduction in plasma HDL-cholesterol concentrations with the rTFA diet (-2.8%; P = 0.004), which was significant (P for the BMI x treatment interaction = 0.006) among women with a BMI (in kg/m(2)) >=25 (-5.2%; P = 0.004; n = 18) but not among women with a BMI <25 (-1.2%; P = 0.13; n = 43)., CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that an increase in dietary rTFAs equivalent to ~1% of daily energy has no significant effect on LDL but may be associated with a reduction in plasma HDL-cholesterol concentrations, particularly in overweight women. This trial is registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00930137.
Sucrose-sweetened beverages increase fat storage in the liver, muscle, and visceral fat depot: a 6-mo randomized intervention study.; BACKGROUND: The consumption of sucrose-sweetened soft drinks (SSSDs) has been associated with obesity, the metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disorders in observational and short-term intervention studies. Too few long-term intervention studies in humans have examined the effects of soft drinks., OBJECTIVE: We compared the effects of SSSDs with those of isocaloric milk and a noncaloric soft drink on changes in total fat mass and ectopic fat deposition (in liver and muscle tissue)., DESIGN: Overweight subjects (n = 47) were randomly assigned to 4 different test drinks (1 L/d for 6 mo): SSSD (regular cola), isocaloric semiskim milk, aspartame-sweetened diet cola, and water. The amount of intrahepatic fat and intramyocellular fat was measured with (1)H-magnetic resonance spectroscopy. Other endpoints were fat mass, fat distribution (dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry and magnetic resonance imaging), and metabolic risk factors., RESULTS: The relative changes between baseline and the end of 6-mo intervention were significantly higher in the regular cola group than in the 3 other groups for liver fat (132-143%, sex-adjusted mean; P < 0.01), skeletal muscle fat (117-221%; P < 0.05), visceral fat (24-31%; P < 0.05), blood triglycerides (32%; P < 0.01), and total cholesterol (11%; P < 0.01). Total fat mass was not significantly different between the 4 beverage groups. Milk and diet cola reduced systolic blood pressure by 10-15% compared with regular cola (P < 0.05). Otherwise, diet cola had effects similar to those of water., CONCLUSION: Daily intake of SSSDs for 6 mo increases ectopic fat accumulation and lipids compared with milk, diet cola, and water. Thus, daily intake of SSSDs is likely to enhance the risk of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. This trial is registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00777647.
Lipid lowering effect of Cinnamomum zeylanicum in hyperlipidaemic albino rabbits.; The purpose of the present study was to investigate the lipid lowering effect of Cinnamomum zeylanicum (Cinnamon) in hyperlipidaemic albino rabbits. For this purpose, forty eight albino rabbits were randomly divided into eight equal groups; untreated control on normal routine feed, untreated control on butter and cholesterol, treated control on synthetic cholesterol lowering drug simvastatin (Tablet survive (R) 20 mg), three treated groups on three respective doses of C. zeylanicum bark powder and two treated groups on water and methanol extracts of C. zeylanicum bark powder. Butter ad lib and cholesterol powder 500 mg/kg body weight were used to induce experimental hyperlipidaemia in all groups except untreated control group. The results suggested that C. zeylanicum bark powder at the rate of 0.50 g/kg, 0.75 g/kg and methanol extract equivalent to 0.75 g/kg powder produced respective percent reductions in total lipids by 45, 49 and 64; triglycerides by 38, 53 and 60; total cholesterol by 53, 64 and 69 and LDL-cholesterol by 50, 59 and 62. However, at these dosage levels HDL-cholesterol showed respective percent increase of 42, 48 and 53. Nonetheless, C. zeylanicum bark powder at the level of 0.25g/kg and C. zeylanicum extract in water could not significantly reduce lipid profile indicators. Based on these studies, it can safely be said that C. zeylanicum bark powder methanol extract equivalent to 0.75g/kg bark powder and simvastatin (0.6 mg/kg b. wt.) were equieffective in treating hyperlipidaemia.
Effects of pinitol on glycemic control, insulin resistance and adipocytokine levels in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Pinitol is thought to mediate insulin action and improve insulin resistance. We evaluated the effects of pinitol on glycemic control, insulin resistance and adipocytokine levels in type 2 diabetic patients., MATERIAL AND METHOD: A total of 66 patients with type 2 diabetes who had been taking oral hypoglycemic agents for at least 3 months were enrolled and randomized to receive pinitol (n = 33) or matching placebo (n = 33). All subjects took 1,200 mg pinitol or placebo and maintained their current oral hypoglycemic agents throughout the study., RESULTS: Mean HbA1c, fasting plasma glucose, and HOMA-IR were significantly lowered more in patients taking pinitol than in those given a placebo. Patients who had an HbA1c over 8.0% showed a greater reduction (p < 0.01) than those who had an HbA1c below 8.0% (p =0.16). In addition, in the group of patients with a HOMA-IR over 2.5, there was a significant decrease in HbA1c compared to that in the group of patients with a HOMA-IR below 2.5. There were no differences in the changes in adiponectin, FFA and CRP between the two groups., CONCLUSIONS: Pinitol can mediate insulin action to improve glycemic control and insulin sensitivity in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, especially in patients with insulin resistance. Copyright © 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Paraoxonase 1 activity in chylomicrons and VLDL: the effect of type 2 diabetes and meals rich in saturated fat and oleic acid.; Paraoxonase 1 (PON 1) has antioxidant and cardioprotective properties and is abnormally low in type 2 diabetic serum. This study aimed to determine the effect of type 2 diabetes and meals rich in saturated fat and oleic acid on PON1 activity in chylomicrons and very low density lipoproteins (VLDL). PON1 arylesterase activity was measured in chylomicrons and VLDL that were isolated in serum from 20 patients with type 2 diabetes and 20 age- and gender-matched, overweight controls 3 h after meals rich in cream or olive oil in a randomized, cross-over study. Chylomicron-PON1 activity (45%, P = 0.02), ratio chylomicron-PON1/chylomicron-triacylglycerides (TAG) (42%, P = 0.03) and chylomicron-protein content (46%, P < 0.001) were significantly lower in patients with type 2 diabetes compared with controls after the olive oil meal with comparable findings after the meal rich in cream. After ingestion of olive oil, chylomicron-PON1 activity was significantly higher in controls (P = 0.01) and marginally higher (P = 0.06) in diabetic patients and chylomicron-TAG were significantly (P < 0. 05) higher in both groups of subjects, compared with values after ingestion of cream. VLDL-PON1 increased (two-fold) significantly (P < 0.003) during both meals. Chylomicron-PON1 activity was correlated significantly with chylomicron-protein (P < 0.001, n = 40) and with postprandial serum PON1 activity (P <= 0.001, n = 40). Our data suggest that type 2 diabetes is associated with abnormally low chylomicron-PON1 activity after fatty meals and this may be linked to lower chylomicron-protein content and serum PON1 activity. Switching from saturated fat to olive oil in the meal increases PON1 activity in the chylomicron fraction largely due to increased numbers of chylomicron particles.
Lactobacillus fermentum CECT 5716 is safe and well tolerated in infants of 1-6 months of age: a randomized controlled trial.; The objective of the study was to evaluate the safety and tolerance of an infant formula supplemented with Lactobacillus fermentum CECT5716, a probiotic strain isolated from breast milk, in infants of 1-6 months of age. A randomized double blinded controlled study including healthy infants was conducted. One month aged infants received a prebiotic infant formula supplemented with L. fermentum (experimental group) or the same formula without the probiotic strain (control group) for 5 months. The primary outcome of the study was average daily weight gain between baseline and 4 months of age. Secondary outcomes were other anthropometric data (length and head circumference), formula consumption, and tolerance. Incidence of infections was also recorded by pediatricians. No significant differences in weight gain were observed between both groups, neither at 4 months of age (29.0+/-7.8 vs 28.9+/-5.7g/day) nor at 6 months (25.1+/-6.1 vs 24.7+/-5.2g/day). There were no statistically significant differences in the consumption of the formulae or symptoms related to the tolerance of the formula. The incidence rate of gastrointestinal infections in infants of the control group was 3 times higher than in the probiotic group (p=0.018). Therefore, consumption of a prebiotic infant formula enriched with the human milk probiotic strain L. fermentum CECT5716 from 1 to 6 months of life is well tolerated and safe. Furthermore, the consumption of this formula may improve the health of the infants by reducing the incidence of gastrointestinal infections. Copyright © 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Pimecrolimus 1% cream for the treatment of seborrheic dermatitis: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.; Seborrheic dermatitis is a common, chronic, relapsing inflammatory skin disorder that manifests as erythema, scaling and pruritus in sebum gland-rich areas of the skin. The objective of this article is to evaluate the clinical efficacy of pimecrolimus 1% cream in the treatment of seborrheic dermatitis compared with corticosteroids, antimycotics, placebo or no intervention. Pimecrolimus 1% cream appears to be a well-tolerated and effective treatment for seborrheic dermatitis. It has comparable efficacy, in terms of decreasing severity of erythema, scaling and pruritus, to the standard treatments: topical corticosteroids and antimycotics. However, future studies with more standardized measures of treatment outcome are recommended. More studies may also be conducted to further evaluate pimecrolimus 1% cream as a long-term maintenance therapy for seborrheic dermatitis.
Effect of the oral intake of yogurt containing Bifidobacterium longum BB536 on the cell numbers of enterotoxigenic Bacteroides fragilis in microbiota.; Enterotoxigenic Bacteroides fragilis (ETBF) strains have been suggested to be associated with acute and persistent diarrheal disease, inflammatory bowel disease and colorectal cancer, although further epidemiological studies are needed for clarification. Here, a pilot study was performed to examine the effect of the oral administration of yogurt supplemented with a probiotic strain on the cell numbers of fecal ETBF in a healthy population. Among 420 healthy adults, 38 subjects were found to be ETBF carriers, giving a prevalence of approximately 9%. Among them, 32 subjects were enrolled in an open, randomized, parallel-group study to ingest yogurt supplemented with a probiotic strain, Bifidobacterium longum BB536 (BB536Y group), for 8 weeks, with milk provided to the control group (milk group). The cell numbers of ETBF and the dominant species of the B. fragilis group were measured by a quantitative PCR method. Compared with the baseline values, there was a significant decrease in the cell number of ETBF at week 8 in the BB536Y group but not in the milk group. Linear mixed models analysis for longitudinal data revealed a significant difference in the changes of ETBF cell number between the two groups during the intervention phase. These results imply the potential of probiotic yogurt for eliminating ETBF in the microbiota, but its clinical significance needs to be evaluated in the future. This is the first report of a possible effect of probiotic intake on ETBF in the microbiota. Copyright © 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Probiotic yogurt improves antioxidant status in type 2 diabetic patients.; OBJECTIVE: Oxidative stress plays a major role in the pathogenesis and progression of diabetes. Among various functional foods with an antioxidant effect, probiotic foods have been reported to repress oxidative stress. The objective of this clinical trial was to assess the effects of probiotic and conventional yogurt on blood glucose and antioxidant status in type 2 diabetic patients., METHODS: Sixty-four patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, 30 to 60 y old, were assigned to two groups in this randomized, double-blind, controlled clinical trial. The patients in the intervention group consumed 300 g/d of probiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb12 and those in the control group consumed 300 g/d of conventional yogurt for 6 wk. Fasting blood samples, 24-h dietary recalls, and anthropometric measurements were collected at the baseline and at the end of the trial., RESULTS: Probiotic yogurt significantly decreased fasting blood glucose (P < 0.01) and hemoglobin A1c (P < 0.05) and increased erythrocyte superoxide dismutase and glutathione peroxidase activities and total antioxidant status (P < 0.05) compared with the control group. In addition, the serum malondialdehyde concentration significantly decreased compared with the baseline value in both groups (P < 0.05). No significant changes from baseline were shown in insulin concentration and erythrocyte catalase activity within either group (P > 0.05)., CONCLUSION: The consumption of probiotic yogurt improved fasting blood glucose and antioxidant status in type 2 diabetic patients. These results suggest that probiotic yogurt is a promising agent for diabetes management. Copyright © 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Cholesterol-lowering efficacy of a microencapsulated bile salt hydrolase-active Lactobacillus reuteri NCIMB 30242 yoghurt formulation in hypercholesterolaemic adults.; Several studies have reported limited or no reduction in serum cholesterol in response to probiotic formulations. Recently, probiotics have shown promise in treating metabolic disease due to improved strain selection and delivery technologies. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the cholesterol-lowering efficacy of a yoghurt formulation containing microencapsulated bile salt hydrolase (BSH)-active Lactobacillus reuteri NCIMB 30242, taken twice per d over 6 weeks, in hypercholesterolaemic adults. A total of 114 subjects completed this double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomised, parallel-arm, multi-centre study. This interventional study included a 2-week washout, 2-week run-in and 6-week treatment period. Subjects were randomised to consume either yoghurts containing microencapsulated L. reuteri NCIMB 30242 or placebo yoghurts. Over the intervention period, subjects consuming yoghurts containing microencapsulated L. reuteri NCIMB 30242 attained significant reductions in LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C) of 8.92 % (P = 0.016), total cholesterol (TC) of 4.81 % (P = 0.031) and non-HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C) of 6.01 % (P = 0.029) over placebo, and a significant absolute change in apoB-100 of - 0.19 mmol/l (P = 0.049). Serum concentrations of TAG and HDL-C were unchanged over the course of the study. Present results show that consumption of microencapsulated BSH-active L. reuteri NCIMB 30242 yoghurt is efficacious and safe for lowering LDL-C, TC, apoB-100 and non-HDL-C in hypercholesterolaemic subjects. The efficacy of microencapsulated BSH-active L. reuteri NCIMB 30242 yoghurts appears to be superior to traditional probiotic therapy and akin to that of other cholesterol-lowering ingredients.
Diets higher in dairy foods and dietary protein support bone health during diet- and exercise-induced weight loss in overweight and obese premenopausal women.; CONTEXT: Consolidation and maintenance of peak bone mass in young adulthood may be compromised by inactivity, low dietary calcium, and diet-induced weight loss., OBJECTIVE: We aimed to determine whether higher intakes of dairy foods, dietary calcium, and protein during diet- and exercise-induced weight loss affected markers of bone health., PARTICIPANTS: Participants included premenopausal overweight and obese women., DESIGN/INTERVENTION: Ninety participants were randomized into three groups (n = 30 per group): high protein and high dairy (HPHD), adequate protein and medium dairy (APMD), and adequate protein and low dairy (APLD), differing in dietary protein (30, 15, or 15% of energy, respectively), dairy foods (15, 7.5, or <2% of energy from protein, respectively), and dietary calcium (~1600, ~1000, or <500 mg/d, respectively)., OUTCOME MEASURES: Serum and urine bone turnover biomarkers, serum osteoprotegerin (OPG), receptor activator of nuclear factor-kappaB ligand (RANKL), PTH, 25-hydroxyvitamin D, leptin, and adiponectin measured at 0 and 16 wk., RESULTS: All groups lost equivalent body weight (P < 0.05). N-telopeptide, C-telopeptide (CTX), urinary deoxypyridinoline, and osteocalcin increased in APLD (P < 0.01), whereas in HPHD, osteocalcin and procollagen 1 amino-terminal propeptide (P1NP) increased (P < 0.05), and all resorption markers remained unchanged. P1NP to CTX and OPG to RANKL ratios increased in HPHD (P < 0.005), and P1NP to CTX ratio decreased in APLD (P < 0.05). PTH decreased in HPHD and APMD vs. APLD (P < 0.005), and 25-hydroxyvitamin D increased in HPHD (P < 0.05), remained unchanged in APMD, and decreased in APLD (P < 0.05). Leptin decreased and adiponectin increased in APMD and HPHD only (P < 0.001)., CONCLUSIONS: Hypoenergetic diets higher in dairy foods, dietary calcium, and protein with daily exercise, favorably affected important bone health biomarkers vs. diets with less of these bone-supporting nutrients.
The effects of dietary patterns on plasma renin activity: results from the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension trial.; A diet rich in fruits, vegetables and low-fat dairy products, and reduced in saturated fat, total fat and cholesterol (the 'DASH' diet) significantly lowers blood pressure (BP). Previous studies have documented that certain therapies that lower BP increase plasma renin activity (PRA). Using data from the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) trial, we assessed the effects of dietary patterns on PRA and determined the relationship of change in PRA with change in BP on each diet. After eating a control diet for 3 weeks, participants were then randomized to receive for 8 weeks: the control diet, a diet rich in fruits and vegetables (F/V), or the DASH diet. Baseline and follow-up levels of PRA were available in 381 participants. Compared with the control diet, the DASH diet increased PRA by 0.37 ng ml(-1) h(-1) (P=0.01). In multivariable linear regression analyses, there was an inverse association of PRA change with systolic BP change on the control diet (slope=-0.35, P=0.001), but PRA did not differ by BP change on the F/V diet (slope=-0.002, P=0.98) or DASH diet (slope=-0.08, P=0.32). These data suggest that a blunted counter-regulatory response of the renin-angiotensin system is associated with the BP-lowering effect of the F/V and DASH diets.
Effects of plant sterol esters in skimmed milk and vegetable-fat-enriched milk on serum lipids and non-cholesterol sterols in hypercholesterolaemic subjects: a randomised, placebo-controlled, crossover study.; Plant sterol (PS)-supplemented foods are recommended to help in lowering serum LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C). Few studies have examined the efficacy of PS-enriched skimmed milk (SM) or semi-SM enriched with vegetable fat (PS-VFM). There is also insufficient information on factors predictive of LDL-C responses to PS. We examined the effects of PS-SM (0.1 % dairy fat) and PS-VFM (0.1 % dairy fat plus 1.5 % vegetable fat) on serum lipids and non-cholesterol sterols in hypercholesterolaemic individuals. In a placebo-controlled, crossover study, forty-three subjects with LDL-C>1300 mg/l were randomly assigned to three 4-week treatment periods: control SM, PS-SM and PS-VFM, with 500 ml milk with or without 3.4 g PS esters (2 g free PS). Serum concentrations of lipids and non-cholesterol sterols were measured. Compared to control, LDL-C decreased by 8.0 and 7.4 % (P < 0.015, both) in the PS-SM and PS-VFM periods, respectively. Serum lathosterol:cholesterol (C) ratios increased by 11-25 %, while sitosterol:C and campesterol:C ratios increased by 70-120 % with both the PS-fortified milk. Adjusted LDL-C reductions were variably enhanced in participants with basal low serum lathosterol/C or conversely high sitosterol/C and campesterol/C. Subjects with post-treatment serum PS:C ratios above the median showed mean LDL-C changes of - 5.9 to - 10.4 %, compared with 1.7 to - 2.9 % below the median. In conclusion, consumption of 2 g/d of PS as PS-SM and PS-VFM lowered LDL-C in hypercholesterolaemic subjects to a similar extent. Basal and post-treatment changes in markers of cholesterol metabolism indicating low cholesterol synthesis and high cholesterol absorption predicted improved LDL-C responses to PS.
Topical silver sulfadiazine for the prevention of acute dermatitis during irradiation for breast cancer.; PURPOSE: This study aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of topical silver sulfadiazine (SSD) in preventing acute radiation dermatitis in women receiving radiotherapy for breast cancer., METHODS: A randomized controlled clinical trial was conducted on patients with breast cancer referred for radiotherapy after treatment with mastectomy and chemotherapy. The patients were randomized into the intervention (n = 51) and control (n = 51) groups and were instructed on general skin care during radiotherapy. The intervention group received SSD cream 1%, three times a day, 3 days a week, for 5 weeks during radiotherapy and one week thereafter. A blinded observer assessed the severity of dermatitis weekly (for 6 weeks) and graded it from 0 to 4 according to the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group criteria., RESULTS: The two groups were similar in baseline characteristics. Two patients in the control group discontinued the radiotherapy course because of severe skin injuries (grades 3 and 4). The intervention group encountered significantly less severe dermatitis during radiotherapy compared to the controls. The total score of skin injury was also lower in the intervention group compared with controls (5.49 +/- 1.02 vs. 7.21 +/- 1.76, p < 0.001). A multivariate analysis found that the use of SSD cream (p < 0.001) and flat chest wall anatomy (p = 0.008) were significantly associated with a decreased skin injury., CONCLUSIONS: SSD cream reduced the severity of radiation-induced skin injury compared with general skin care alone. Further studies in patients with other types of cancer and also comparing SSD cream with other topical agents are warranted.
Combined perianal-intrarectal (PI) lidocaine-prilocaine (LP) cream and lidocaine-ketorolac gel provide better pain relief than combined PI LP cream and periprostatic nerve block during transrectal prostate biopsy.; UNLABELLED: What's known on the subject? and What does the study add? Study Type - Harm Reduction RCT Level of Evidence 1b The combination of perianal-intrarectal lidocaine-prilocaine cream and periprostatic nerve block effectively counteracts probe and sampling related pain during transrectal prostate biopsy, but not pain due to periprostatic infiltration. The novel combination of lidocaine-prilocaine cream and lidocaine-ketorolac gel, both administered perianal-intrarectally, provides the same probe and sampling-related pain relief than combined perianal-intrarectal lidocaine-prilocaine cream and periprostatic nerve block and prevents the non-negligible pain due to periprostatic infiltration, thus leading to better overall patients' compliance to the procedure., OBJECTIVE: * To compare the efficacy and safety of combined perianal-intrarectal (PI) lidocaine-prilocaine (LP) cream and lidocaine-ketorolac (LK) gel with combined PI LP cream and periprostatic nerve block (PPNB) in relieving pain during transrectal ultrasonography guided prostate biopsy (TPB)., PATIENTS AND METHODS: * In all, 200 patients were randomized to receive combined PI LP cream and LK gel (group 1) or combined PI LP cream and PPNB (group 2) before TPB. * The 0-10-point visual analogue scale (VAS) was used for assessing pain at probe insertion and movements (VAS-1), periprostatic infiltration (VAS-2) when applied, and prostate sampling (VAS-3), as well as maximal procedural pain (MPP). * Complications occurring <= 20 days after the TPB were recorded., RESULTS: * The groups were comparable for patients' age, serum PSA level, prostate volume, and cancer detection rate. * All patients tolerated the procedure well. The two anaesthetic regimens provided almost equal mean VAS-1 (0.33 vs 0.37; P= 0.701) and VAS-3 (0.52 vs 0.51; P= 0.954) scores, but patients in group 2 reported significantly greater MPP scores (0.68 vs 1.53; P < 0.001) as periprostatic infiltration was the most painful part of the procedure (mean VAS-2: 1.33). * Complications rate was similar in the two groups (1% vs 2%; P= 0.38)., CONCLUSIONS: * The novel combination of PI LP cream and LK gel provided the same probe- and sampling- related pain relief as combined PI LP and PPNB; moreover, by preventing the non-negligible periprostatic infiltration pain, it provided significantly better overall patients' compliance to the procedure. * Being safe and easy to administer, this novel non-infiltrative regimen has the potential to replace infiltrative anaesthesia in relieving pain during TPB. Copyright © 2011 THE AUTHORS. BJU INTERNATIONAL © 2011 BJU INTERNATIONAL.
Modifiable lifestyle behaviours account for most cases of subarachnoid haemorrhage: a population-based case-control study in Australasia.; BACKGROUND: Smoking, hypertension and alcohol excess are the major causal risk factors for subarachnoid haemorrhage (SAH) that are modifiable. We aimed to explore the hypothesis that other modifiable lifestyle factors, such as diet, may also underpin a substantial proportion of the population attributable risk (PAR) of SAH., METHODS: In a multi-centre, population-based, case-control study, information on smoking status, history of hypertension, physical activity, dietary intake, alcohol consumption, body mass index, and family history of SAH, were obtained from 432 incident SAH cases and 473 frequency-matched community-based SAH-free controls without SAH. Multivariate analysis was used to identify significant risk factors and associated PARs for SAH, reported with 95% confidence intervals (CI)., RESULTS: Smoking and history of hypertension accounted for 30% (95%CI 23-37%) and 21% (10-30%) of SAH, respectively. Additionally, 25% (11-37%) of SAH was attributed to drinking skim or reduced fat milk, 15% (5-24%) to eating fruit less than once weekly, and 13% (5-21%) to eating either the fat on meat or skin on chicken >4 times weekly. Alcohol excess was not associated with SAH., CONCLUSIONS: Smoking cessation and blood pressure control are the most important strategies to prevent SAH. However, drinking skimmed/reduced fat milk, eating fruits regularly, and removing the fat from meats and skin from chicken before consumption may also reduce the burden of SAH. Crown Copyright © 2011. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The whey fermentation product malleable protein matrix decreases TAG concentrations in patients with the metabolic syndrome: a randomised placebo-controlled trial.; Animal and human studies suggest that a malleable protein matrix (MPM) from whey decreases plasma lipid concentrations and may positively influence other components of the metabolic syndrome such as glucose metabolism and blood pressure (BP). The primary objective of this double-blind, multi-centre trial was to investigate the effects of a low-fat yoghurt supplemented with whey MPM on fasting TAG concentrations in patients with the metabolic syndrome. A total of 197 patients were randomised to receive MPM or a matching placebo yoghurt identical in protein content (15 g/d). Patients were treated during 3 months with two daily servings of 150 g yoghurt each to compare changes from baseline in efficacy variables. MPM treatment resulted in a significantly larger reduction of TAG concentrations in comparison to placebo (relative change -16%, P=0.004). The difference was even more pronounced in subjects with elevated fasting TAG (>=200 mg/dl) at baseline (-18%, P=0.005). The relative treatment difference in fasting plasma glucose was -7.1 mg/dl (P=0.089). This effect was also more pronounced in subjects with impaired fasting glucose at baseline (-11 mg/dl, P=0.03). In patients with hypertension, the relative treatment difference in systolic BP reached -5.9 mmHg (P=0.054). The relative treatment difference in body weight was -1.7 kg (P=0.015). The most common adverse events were gastrointestinal in nature. Conclusions from the present study are that consumption of a low-fat yoghurt supplemented with whey MPM twice a day over 3 months significantly reduces fasting TAG concentrations in patients with the metabolic syndrome and improves multiple other cardiovascular risk factors.
Effect of soy and milk protein supplementation on serum lipid levels: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: Previous clinical trials have documented that soy protein reduces low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and increases high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol compared with milk protein. However, the effect of soy protein on lipids compared with carbohydrate has not been not well studied. We examined the effect of soy and milk protein supplementation on lipids and lipoproteins compared with carbohydrate among adults without hypercholesterolemia., SUBJECTS/METHODS: We conducted a randomized, double-blind, 3-phase crossover trial among 352 US adults with serum total cholesterol level of <240 mg/dl from September 2003 to April 2008. Trial participants were assigned to 40 g/day supplementation of soy protein, milk protein or complex carbohydrate from wheat each for 8 weeks in random order with a 3-week washout period between interventions. Overnight fasting blood samples were collected at the termination of each intervention phase., RESULTS: Compared with carbohydrate, soy protein supplementation was significantly associated with a net change (95% confidence interval (CI)) in total cholesterol and total/HDL cholesterol ratio of -3.97 mg/dl (-7.63 to -0.31, P=0.03) and -0.12 (-0.23 to -0.01, P=0.03), respectively. Compared with milk protein, soy protein supplementation was significantly associated with a net change (95% CI) in HDL and total/HDL cholesterol ratio of 1.54 mg/dl (0.63 to 2.44, P=0.0009) and -0.14 (-0.22 to -0.05, P=0.001), respectively. Compared with carbohydrate, milk protein supplementation was significantly associated with a net change (95% CI) in HDL of -1.13 mg/dl (-2.05 to -0.22, P=0.02)., CONCLUSIONS: This randomized controlled trial indicates that soy protein, but not milk protein, supplementation improves the lipid profile among healthy individuals.
Long-term effects of a protein-enriched diet on blood pressure in older women.; Short-term randomised, controlled trials have found that dietary protein relative to carbohydrate can reduce blood pressure. Our objective was to investigate the effects on blood pressure of an increase in protein intake from whey over 2 years in women aged over 70 years. From the general population, 219 women aged between 70 and 80 years were recruited to a 2-year randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled parallel-design trial: 181 women completed the trial to the end of year 2. Participants were randomly assigned to consume a daily whey protein-based beverage (protein) or an energy-matched low-protein high-carbohydrate beverage (control). Blood pressure measurements were performed at baseline, year 1 and year 2. For protein relative to control, the estimated mean net differences in protein and carbohydrate intakes were 18 (95 % CI 13, 23) and -22 (95 % CI -9, -35) g/d at year 1, and 22 (95 % CI 17, 28) and -18 (95 % CI -6, -31) g/d at year 2. Intention-to-treat analysis found no overall differences between groups in blood pressure (P>0.5). Net differences in systolic and diastolic blood pressure were -2.3 (95 % CI -5.3, 0.7) and -1.5 (95 % CI -3.6, 0.6) mmHg at year 1, and 1.6 (95 % CI -1.5, 4.7) and 0.3 (95 % CI -1.9, 2.4) mmHg at year 2. Similar differences in systolic and diastolic blood pressure at years 1 and 2 were observed with per-protocol analysis. Therefore, the present study did not provide evidence that a higher whey protein intake in older women can have prolonged effects on blood pressure.
Photodynamic therapy with BF-200 ALA for the treatment of actinic keratosis: results of a multicentre, randomized, observer-blind phase III study in comparison with a registered methyl-5-aminolaevulinate cream and placebo.; BACKGROUND: Photodynamic therapy (PDT) with 5-aminolaevulinic acid (ALA) or its methylester [methyl-5-aminolaevulinate (MAL) or 5-amino-4-oxopentanoate] was recently ranked as first-line therapy for the treatment of actinic keratosis (AK) and is an accepted therapeutic option for the treatment of neoplastic skin diseases. BF-200 ALA (Biofrontera Bioscience GmbH, Leverkusen, Germany) is a gel formulation of ALA with nanoemulsion for the treatment of AK which overcomes previous problems of ALA instability and improves skin penetration., OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of PDT of AKs with BF-200 ALA in comparison with a registered MAL cream and with placebo., METHODS: The study was performed as a randomized, multicentre, observer-blind, placebo-controlled, interindividual trial with BF-200 ALA, a registered MAL cream and placebo in a ratio of 3:3:1. Six hundred patients, each with four to eight mild to moderate AK lesions on the face and/or the bald scalp, were enrolled in 26 study centres in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. Patients received one PDT. If residual lesions remained at 3months after treatment, PDT was repeated., RESULTS: PDT with BF-200 ALA was superior to placebo PDT with respect to patient complete clearance rate (78.2% vs. 17.1%; P<0.0001) and lesion complete clearance rate (90.4% vs. 37.1%) at 3months after the last PDT. Moreover, superiority was demonstrated over the MAL cream regarding the primary endpoint patient complete clearance (78.2% vs. 64.2%; P<0.05). Significant differences in the patient and lesion complete clearance rates and severity of treatment-related adverse events were observed for the narrow- and broad-spectrum light sources., CONCLUSIONS: BF-200 ALA is a very effective, well-tolerated new formulation for AK treatment with PDT and is superior to a registered MAL medication. Efficacies and adverse events vary greatly with the different light sources used. Copyright © 2011 The Authors. BJD © 2011 British Association of Dermatologists.
Immunomodulation by imiquimod in patients with high-risk primary melanoma.; Imiquimod is a synthetic Toll-like receptor 7 (TLR7) agonist approved for the topical treatment of actinic keratoses, superficial basal cell carcinoma, and genital warts. Imiquimod leads to an 80-100% cure rate of lentigo maligna; however, studies of invasive melanoma are lacking. We conducted a pilot study to characterize the local, regional, and systemic immune responses induced by imiquimod in patients with high-risk melanoma. After treatment of the primary melanoma biopsy site with placebo or imiquimod cream, we measured immune responses in the treated skin, sentinel lymph nodes (SLNs), and peripheral blood. Treatment of primary melanomas with 5% imiquimod cream was associated with an increase in both CD4+ and CD8+ T cells in the skin, and CD4+ T cells in the SLN. Most of the CD8+ T cells in the skin were CD25 negative. We could not detect any increases in CD8+ T cells specifically recognizing HLA-A(*)0201-restricted melanoma epitopes in the peripheral blood. The findings from this small pilot study demonstrate that topical imiquimod treatment results in enhanced local and regional T-cell numbers in both the skin and SLN. Further research into TLR7 immunomodulating pathways as a basis for effective immunotherapy against melanoma in conjunction with surgery is warranted.
Circulating inflammatory and atherogenic biomarkers are not increased following single meals of dairy foods.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Inflammation characterizes obesity and is nutritionally modifiable. The hypothesis of this study is that full-fat dairy foods influence circulating inflammatory and atherogenic biomarkers according to fermentation status., SUBJECTS/METHODS: Thirteen overweight subjects participated in five test meals. Single breakfasts containing control low-fat milk or 45 g fat from butter, cream, yoghurt or cheese were tested over 3 weeks. Plasmas obtained 3 and 6 h were later analyzed for inflammatory markers interleukin (IL)-6, IL-1beta, tumor necrosis factor-alpha and high-sensitive C-reactive protein, and atherogenesis-related markers monocyte chemoattractant protein-1, macrophage inflammatory protein-1alpha, intercellular adhesion molecule-1 and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1. A 4-week study in 12 subjects compared the effects on these biomarkers of diets containing =50 g dairy fat daily as either butter, cream and ice cream (non-fermented) or cheese plus yoghurt (fermented) dairy foods., RESULTS: In single-meal study, one outlier subject showed marked increments in biomarkers, hence the following results apply to 12. Within group analysis includes significant falls at 3 h in four inflammatory markers after cream, butter and low fat, and three atherogenesis-related biomarkers after cream. Changes were few after cheese and yoghurt. By 6 h, most values returned to baseline. However, between group analysis showed no differences between the five meals. The 4-week study showed no significant differences in fasting biomarker concentrations between non-fermented and fermented dairy diets., CONCLUSIONS: Single high-fat meals containing sequentially four different full-fat dairy foods did not increase eight circulating biomarkers related to inflammation or atherogenesis. Among subjects, significant falls occurred at 3 h in inflammatory biomarkers after cream and butter but were not specific for full-fat dairy foods. We could not confirm the reported increments in inflammation after fat meals.
Acute differential effects of milk-derived dietary proteins on postprandial lipaemia in obese non-diabetic subjects.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Postprandial lipaemia is an established risk factor for atherosclerosis. To investigate the acute effect of four milk-derived dietary proteins (alpha-lactalbumin, whey isolate, caseinoglycomacropeptide and whey hydrolysate) on postprandial lipaemia, we have conducted a randomized, acute, single-blinded clinical intervention study with crossover design., SUBJECTS/METHODS: A total of 11 obese non-diabetic subjects (age: 44-74, BMI: 30-41.4 kg m(-2)) were included. On 4 different days the subjects ingested a high-fat meal with the following energy distribution: 66% energy from fat (100 g of butter), 15% of energy from carbohydrate (90 g of white wheat bread) and 19% of energy from protein (45 g of pure protein). Our primary variable was plasma triglyceride measured in the 8-h postprandial period. Secondarily, retinyl palmitate, non-esterified free fatty acids, glucose, insulin, glucagon, GLP-1 and GIP, active and total grehlin and cholecystokinin were measured., RESULTS: We observed no statistically significant (P=0.8) differences between meals on our primary variable that is, triglycerides. Whey hydrolysate was associated with a significantly (P=0.02) smaller postprandial suppression of non-esterified free fatty acids compared with the other dietary proteins., CONCLUSION: We did not observe significant differences in postprandial lipaemia to the four milk-derived dietary proteins. Whey hydrolysate caused less postprandial suppression of free fatty acids.
Changes in markers of inflammation, antioxidant capacity and oxidative stress in smokers following consumption of milk, and milk supplemented with fruit and vegetable extracts and vitamin C.; Two milk-based beverages delivering twice the average daily antioxidant intake were formulated, based on synergistic combinations of fruit and vegetable extracts, and containing vitamin C (1.00 mg/ml) for shelf stability. Smokers (n = 42) consumed prototype milk A, B or non-supplemented milk (no extracts or vitamin C; 200 ml) twice daily for 6 weeks. Fasting and post-prandial (2 h after milk consumption) blood samples were collected at baseline and the end of each treatment. Non-supplemented milk significantly reduced fasting inflammatory cytokines (interleukin (IL) 6, IL-1beta, tumour necrosis factor-alpha) compared to baseline. Both supplemented milk-based beverages significantly increased fasting plasma vitamin C concentrations and antioxidant potential and decreased serum uric acid, compared to non-supplemented milk. The beverages did not induce post-prandial oxidative stress or inflammation. Therefore, regular consumption of the supplemented milks may confer health benefits because of increased antioxidant potential or through mechanisms resulting from increased vitamin C or decreased uric acid concentrations.
Socio-economic differences in takeaway food consumption among adults.; OBJECTIVE: To examine socio-economic differences in the frequency and types of takeaway foods consumed., DESIGN: A cross-sectional postal survey., SETTING: Participants were asked about their usual consumption of overall takeaway food (<4 times/month or >=4 times/month) and of twenty-two specific takeaway food items (<1 time/month or >=1 time/month); these latter foods were grouped into 'healthy' and 'less healthy' choices. Socio-economic position was measured on the basis of educational level and equivalised household income, and differences in takeaway food consumption were assessed by calculating prevalence ratios using log binomial regression., SUBJECTS: Adults aged 25-64 years from Brisbane, Australia, were randomly selected from the electoral roll (n 903; 63.7 % response rate)., RESULTS: Compared with their more educated counterparts, the least educated were more regular consumers of overall takeaway food and fruit or vegetable juice and less regular consumers of sushi. For the 'less healthy' items, the least educated more regularly consumed potato chips, savoury pies, fried chicken and non-diet soft drinks; however, the least educated were less likely to consume curry. Household income was not associated with overall takeaway consumption. The lowest-income group was a more regular consumer of fruit or vegetable juice compared with the highest-income group. Among the 'less healthy' items, the lowest-income group was a more regular consumer of fried fish, ice cream and milk shakes, whereas curry was consumed less regularly., CONCLUSIONS: The frequency and types of takeaway foods consumed by socio-economically disadvantaged groups may contribute to inequalities in overweight or obesity and to chronic disease.
Mother's CD4+ count moderates the risk associated with higher parity for late postnatal HIV-free survival of breastfed children: an individual patient data meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.; Risk association studies of late postnatal outcomes for children breastfed by HIV-1 positive mothers have had inconsistent findings and have not explored interactions among risk factors. This study addresses these limitations through an individual patient data (IPD) meta-analysis of HIV-free survival outcomes of nine randomized controlled trials to prevent early mother-to-child transmission of HIV-1. The pooled sample consisted of 3,324 African children in resource-limited settings who survived to age 28 days and were at-risk of acquiring HIV through breast milk. Based on a proportional hazards mixed effects meta-analysis, the composite endpoint of HIV-1 infection and all-cause mortality was found to be significantly associated with maternal immune status (CD4(+) >=350 cells/mm(3), HR 0.59 95% CI (0.39, 0.87)), infant preterm delivery (gestational age <37 weeks, 1.40 (1.03, 1.89)), infant oral candidiasis infection (1.87, (1.53, 2.29)), and occurrence of breast abnormality before breastfeeding cessation (2.56 (1.90, 3.46)). A significant interaction between mother's parity (any previous pregnancy) and CD4(+) count >=350 (HR 0.63 (0.40, 0.99), P-value = 0.045) suggested that higher CD4(+) count offsets the risk associated with higher parity. Further research is needed to elucidate the moderating effect of immune status on the risk associated with high parity and adverse late postnatal outcomes for infants breastfed by HIV-infected mothers in the absence of antiretroviral treatment.
Regular consumption of cocoa powder with milk increases HDL cholesterol and reduces oxidized LDL levels in subjects at high-risk of cardiovascular disease.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Epidemiological studies suggest that regular consumption of cocoa-containing products may confer cardiovascular protection, reducing the risk of coronary heart disease (CHD). However, studies on the effects of cocoa on different cardiovascular risk factors are still scarce. The aim of this study was too evaluate the effects of chronic cocoa consumption on lipid profile, oxidized low-density lipoprotein (oxLDL) particles and plasma antioxidant vitamin concentrations in high-risk patients., METHODS AND RESULTS: Forty-two high-risk volunteers (19 men and 23 women, mean age 69.7 +/- 11.5 years) were included in a randomized, crossover feeding trial. All received 40g of cocoa powder with 500 mL of skimmed milk/day(C + M) or only 500 mL/day of skimmed milk (M) for 4 weeks in a random order. Before and after each intervention period, plasma lipids, oxLDL and antioxidant vitamin concentrations were measured, as well as urinary cocoa polyphenols metabolites derived from phase II and microbial metabolisms. Compared to M, C + M intervention increases HDLc [2.67 mg/dL (95% confidence intervals, CI, 0.58-4.73; P = 0.008)] and decreases oxLDL levels [-12.3 U/L (CI,-19.3 to -5.2;P = 0.001)]. No changes between intervention groups were observed in vitamins B1, B6, B12, C and E, or folic acid concentrations. In addition, subjects who showed higher increments in urinary cocoa polyphenol metabolites exhibited significant increases in HDLc and significant decreases in oxLDL levels (P < 0.05; all)., CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of cocoa power with milk modulates the lipid profile in high-risk subjects for CHD. In addition, the relationship observed between the urinary excretion of cocoa polyphenol metabolites and plasma HDLc and oxLDL levels suggests a beneficial role for cocoa polyphenols in lipid metabolism. Copyright © 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Is ideal body image related to obesity and lifestyle behaviours in African American adolescents?.; BACKGROUND: Childhood obesity epidemic has become a public health issue in the USA, especially among African American youths. Research on the association between ideal body image (IBI) and obesity and related lifestyle factors among African American children and adolescents is limited., METHODS: Data collected from 402 low-income African American adolescents aged 10-14 years in four Chicago public schools were used. Questionnaires were used to assess IBI, weight perception, weight control practices, and self-efficacy towards food and physical activity. Body mass index was calculated using measured weight and height. Associations between IBI and weight perception, overweight/obesity and lifestyle behaviours were assessed using linear and logistic regression models., RESULTS: The most frequently chosen ideal body size was the fourth of eight silhouettes (from thinnest to heaviest) for boys (55%) and girls (49%). Overweight and obese girls selected larger ideal body figures than the others (trend test: P < 0.001). Compared with those with middle ideal body figures, girls who selected smaller ones were twice as likely to have an unhealthy diet as indicated by less fruit and milk consumption; the odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) were 2.40 (1.15-5.02) for fruits intake (<once/week) and 2.13 (1.06-4.29) for milk consumption (=once/day; OR = 0.11 (0.02-0.50)]. Girls with larger IBI were less likely to spend more screen time [OR = 0.12 (0.02-0.70)] and reported better food choice intentions (P < 0.05). Overweight and obese boys and girls appeared to have better food choice intentions and food self-efficacy than their non-overweight peers (trend test: both P < 0.01)., CONCLUSIONS: Ideal body image is associated with weight status, food self-efficacy and lifestyle behaviours among low-income African American adolescents. Copyright © 2011 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
The effects of isoflavones combined with soy protein on lipid profiles, C-reactive protein and cardiovascular risk among postmenopausal Chinese women.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Observational studies note that regular dietary soy protein intake (6-11 g day(-1)) has a significant association with lower blood lipids; however, these observations have not been confirmed by clinical trials. This study aimed to ascertain the effects of moderate intake of soy protein (15 g) with isoflavones or isoflavones alone on serum lipid profiles, inflammatory markers (C-reactive protein and uric acid) and composite cardiovascular risk in Chinese postmenopausal, prediabetic women., METHODS AND RESULTS: A double-blind randomised, placebo-controlled trial was conducted among 180 postmenopausal Chinese women with prediabetes or early untreated diabetes, aged 46-70 years and, on average, 6.0 years since menopause. Participants were randomly assigned to one of the three arms to receive 15-g soy protein and 100-mg isoflavone (Soy group), or 15-g milk protein and 100 mg isoflavone (Iso group) or 15-g milk protein (placebo group) on a daily basis for 6 months. The results showed that no significant difference was observed in serum high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C), total cholesterol (TC), triaclyglycerol (TG), high sensitive C-reactive protein and a composite 10-year cardiovascular risk between the three groups at both 3 and 6 months. Serum uric acid marginally increased by 1.22% in the Soy group and decreased by 4.28% and 4.82% in the Iso and placebo groups at 3 months (P = 0.087), but no difference was observed at 6 months (P = 0.264)., CONCLUSION: Soy protein with isoflavones or isoflavones alone at the provided dosage showed no significantly beneficial effects on measured cardiovascular risk factors in postmenopausal Chinese women with early hyperglycaemia. Copyright © 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Phytosterols supplementation decreases plasma small and dense LDL levels in metabolic syndrome patients on a westernized type diet.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Several studies have observed a hypocholesterolemic effect of plant sterols in hypercholesterolemic patients on a balanced diet. The aim of this study was to examine the effect of phytosterol supplementation on risk factors of coronary artery disease in metabolic syndrome patients on a Westernized type diet., METHODS AND RESULTS: In a randomized placebo-controlled design 108 patients with metabolic syndrome were assigned to consume either 2 plant sterol-enriched yogurt mini drink which provided 4 g phytosterols per day, or a yogurt beverage without phytosterols (control). The duration of the study was 2 months and the patients in both groups followed their habitual westernized type diet and recording it on food diaries. Blood samples were drawn at baseline and after 2 months of intervention. After 2 months supplementation with phytosterols, a significant reduction in total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, small and dense LDL (sdLDL) levels, as well as, apoB and triglycerides concentrations were observed in the intervention group (P < 0.05) compared to the control group. In addition, phytosterol supplementation lowered serum total cholesterol by 15.9%, LDL-cholesterol by 20.3% and triglyceride levels by 19.1% (P = 0.02, P < 0.001 and P < 0.001, respectively), although the patients kept their habitual westernized type diet. No differences were observed in HDL cholesterol, apoA1, glucose, C-reactive protein, fibrinogen levels and blood pressure., CONCLUSIONS: Phytosterol supplementation improves risk factors of coronary artery disease even if the diet is a westernized type. Copyright © 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Body mass interacts with fat quality to determine the postprandial lipoprotein response in healthy young adults.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Postprandial lipemia predicts the evolution of cardiovascular disease. Obesity is associated with an increase in the magnitude of postprandial lipemia. Our objective was to evaluate the influence of body mass index (BMI) on the effects of acute ingestion of different types of fat on the postprandial lipemic response., METHODS AND RESULTS: Twenty-one healthy men followed a 4-week baseline diet and then consumed three fat-loaded meals that included 1g fat/kg body wt (65%fat) according to a randomized crossover design. The compositions of the three meals were olive oil meal (22% saturated fatty acids (SFA), 38% monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA), 4% polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA)); butter meal (35% SFA, 22% MUFA, 4% PUFA); walnuts meal (20% SFA, 24% MUFA, 16% PUFA, and 4% alpha-linolenic acid). Higher-weight (HW) subjects (BMI greater than the median 26.18 kg/m(2), n = 11) presented higher incremental area under the curve (iAUC) for triglycerides (TG), both in large- and small-TG rich lipoproteins (TRL) than lower-weight (LW) subjects (BMI<26.18 kg/m(2), n = 10) (p<0.05), and a similar trend for plasma TG (p = 0.084). Moreover, HW subjects presented higher concentrations for small TRL-cholesterol and small TRL-TG in different timepoints of the postprandial lipemia after the intake of enriched walnuts or butter meals compared with the olive oil-enriched meal (p < 0.05) No significant differences were observed between the three types of meals in the postprandial response of LW subjects., CONCLUSION: HW subjects present a greater postprandial response than LW subjects, and they benefit from the consumption of monounsaturated fatty acids from olive oil, to lower their levels of TRL particles during the postprandial state. Copyright © 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Typical breakfast food consumption and risk factors for cardiovascular disease in a large sample of Italian adults.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: The overall consumption of foods most frequently consumed in a typical Italian breakfast might be associated with a better cardiovascular risk profile in Italian adults., METHOD SAND RESULTS: 18,177 subjects (53,2% women), aged >= 35 yrs, randomly selected from the Moli-sani Project population were studied. The European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) FFQ was used for dietary assessment. To derive breakfast pattern, an "a priori" approach was used: firstly, foods typical of the Italian breakfast were selected: milk, coffee, tea, yogurt, crispbread/rusks, breakfast cereals, brioche, biscuits, honey, sugar and jam. The breakfast score was obtained adding the amounts of all selected foods, expressed in grams/day, previously standardized to mean zero and standard deviation 1. Subjects showing a higher breakfast score appeared to be younger, more frequently women or smokers, with higher social status but less likely practicing physical activity. After multivariable analyses, subjects with a higher breakfast food consumption had a lower risk to have high body mass index, abdominal obesity, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, blood glucose, triglycerides, total cholesterol (P < 0.0001 for all) and C Reactive Protein (P = 0.022). The associations were unrelated to age, sex, smoking, obesity, physical activity and social status. Subjects with a higher food breakfast score also showed a better physical healthy status score, a lower risk of metabolic syndrome (OR = 0.63; 0.55-0.72 95% CI) and of future CVD (P < 0.0001 for both women and men)., CONCLUSION: Consumption of typical Italian breakfast foods positively affects CVD risk profile in an adult Italian population. Copyright © 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effect of alcohol fermented feed on lactating performance, blood metabolites, milk Fatty Acid profile and cholesterol content in holstein lactating cows.; A feeding experiment with 40 lactating Holstein cows and 4 dietary treatments was conducted to investigate supplementation with different levels of alcohol fermented feed to the TMR on lactating performance, blood metabolites, milk fatty acid profile and cholesterol concentration of blood and milk. Forty Holstein lactating cows (106+/-24 d post-partum; mean+/-SD) were distributed into four groups and randomly assigned to one of four treatments with each containing 10 cows per treatment. The treatment supplemented with TMR (DM basis) as the control (CON), and CON mixed with alcohol-fermented feeds (AFF) at a level of 5%, 10% and 15% of the TMR as T1, T2 and T3, respectively. Dry matter intake and milk yield were not affected by supplementation of AFF. An increased 4% FCM in the milk occurred in cows fed T3 diet compared with CON, while T1 and T2 diets decreased 4% FCM in a dose dependent manner. Supplementation of AFF increased the concentration of albumin, total protein (TP), ammonia, and high density lipoprotein-cholesterol in serum compared with CON. In contrast, supplementation with AFF clearly decreased concentration of blood urea nitrogen (BUN) and total cholesterol (TC) compare with CON. AFF supplementation increased the proportion of C18:1n9 and C18:2n6 compared to CON. A decrease in the concentration of saturated fatty acid (SFA) for T1, T2 and T3 resulted in an increased unsaturated fatty acid (USFA) to SFA ratio compared to CON. Concentration of cholesterol in milk fat was reduced in proportion to the supplemental level of AFF. Feeding a diet supplemented with a moderate level AFF to lactating cows could be a way to alter the feed efficiency and fatty acid profile of milk by increasing potentially human consumer healthy fatty acid without detrimental effects on feed intake and milk production. A substantially decreased cholesterol proportion in milk induced by supplementation AFF suggests that alcohol fermented feed may improve milk cholesterol levels without any negative effects in lactating cows.
The effect of butter oil on avoidance memory in normal and diabetic rats.; OBJECTIVES: Since diabetes mellitus is accompanied by cognitive impairment in diabetic patient and animal models and since lipids play important roles in neuronal membrane composition, structure and function; we intended to evaluate the effect of dietary butter oil on passive avoidance memory of streptoztosin (STZ)-induced diabetic rats in this study., MATERIALS AND METHODS: THIRTY SIX ADULT MALE RATS WERE RANDOMLY ALLOCATED TO FOUR EQUAL GROUPS: normal (N) and diabetic control (D) groups with free access to regular rat diet; but the diet of normal butter oil (NB) and diabetic butter oil (DB) groups was supplemented with 10% butter oil. Diabetes in D and DB groups was induced by intravenous (i.v.) injection of 50 mg/kg.bw of STZ. Passive avoidance memory and cholesterol of brain and hippocampal tissues has been measured six weeks after diabetes confirmation., RESULTS: Diabetes, especially in diabetic butter oil group decreased the abilities of learning and memory. The level of cholesterol in hippocampus was higher in NB (P< 0.05) and DB (P< 0.01) groups., CONCLUSION: We suggest consumption of butter oil may worsen cognitive impairment of diabetic animal. This may be related to the higher elevation of cholesterol in the hippocampus of diabetic animals.
Effects of dietary supplementation with ghee, hydrogenated oil, or olive oil on lipid profile and fatty streak formation in rabbits.; BACKGROUND: Coronary heart disease is the leading cause of mortality worldwide. A high-fat diet, rich in saturated fatty acids and low in polyunsaturated fatty acids, is said to be an important cause of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular diseases., METHODS: In this experimental study, 40 male rabbits were randomly assigned to eight groups of five to receive normal diet, hypercholesterolemic diet, normal diet plus ghee, normal diet plus olive oil, normal diet plus hydrogenated oil, hypercholesterolemic diet plus ghee, hypercholesterolemic diet plus olive oil, and hypercholesterolemic diet plus hydrogenated oil. They received rabbit chow for a period of 12 weeks. At the start and end of the study, fasting blood samples were taken from all animals to measure biochemical factors including total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), high-density lipoprotein (HDL), triglyceride (TG), fasting blood sugar (FBS), and C-reactive protein (CRP). Moreover, aorta, left and right coronary arteries were dissected at the end of the study to investigate fatty streak formation (FSF). Data was analyzed in SPSS at a significance level of 0.05., RESULTS: In rabbits under normal diet, ghee significantly increased TC, LDL, and HDL compared to the beginning (P < 0.01) and also to the other two types of fat (P < 0.05). Moreover, normal diet plus olive oil significantly enhanced FSF in left coronary arteries and aorta compared to normal diet plus ghee. In groups receiving hypercholesterolemic diets, ghee significantly increased HDL and CRP (P < 0.05) and significantly decreased FBS (P < 0.01). The hypecholesterolemic diet plus olive oil significantly increased HDL (P < 0.01). Supplementation of hypecholesterolemic diet with ghee significantly increased HDL and FBS in comparison with hydrogenated oil. Significant increase of FBS was also detected with the use of ghee compared to olive oil. Ghee also significantly reduced FSF in left and right coronary arteries compared to olive oil. FSF in left coronary arteries was significantly lower in the hypecholesterolemic diet plus ghee group compared to the hypecholesterolemic diet plus hydrogenated oil group., CONCLUSION: According to the achieved results, future clinical trial studies and investigation of other risk factors such as inflammatory factors are required.
Effect of Soymilk Consumption on Waist Circumference and Cardiovascular Risks among Overweight and Obese Female Adults.; BACKGROUND: Soy milk replacement in the diet might have beneficial effects on waist circumference and cardiovascular risk factors for overweight and obese subjects. Therefore, we are going to determine the effects of soy milk replacements on the waist circumference and cardiovascular risk factors among overweight and obese female adults., METHODS: In this crossover randomized clinical trail, 24 over weight and obese female adults were on a diet with soy milk or the diet with cow's milk for four weeks. In the diet with soy milk only one glass of soy milk (240 cc) was replaced instead of one glass of cow's milk (240 cc). Measurements were done according to the standard protocol., RESULTS: WAIST CIRCUMFERENCE REDUCED SIGNIFICANTLY FOLLOWING SOY MILK PERIOD (MEAN PERCENT CHANGE IN SOY MILK PERIOD FOR WAIST CIRCUMFERENCE: -3.79 +/- 0.51 vs. -1.78 +/- 0.55 %; P = 0.02 in the cow's milk period). Blood pressure, weight, liver enzymes and glycemic control indices did not changed significantly after soy milk period compared to the cow's milk period., CONCLUSION: Among over weight and obese patients, soy milk can play an important role in reducing waist circumference. However, soy milk replacement had no significant effects on weight, glycemic control indices, liver enzymes, fibrinogen and blood pressure in a short term trial.
A lipidomic analysis approach to evaluate the response to cholesterol-lowering food intake.; Plant sterols (PS) are well known to reduce serum levels of total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol. Lipidomics potentially provides detailed information on a wide range of individual serum lipid metabolites, which may further add to our understanding of the biological effects of PS. In this study, lipidomics analysis was applied to serum samples from a placebo-controlled, parallel human intervention study (n = 97) of 4-week consumption of two PS-enriched, yoghurt drinks differing in fat content (based on 0.1% vs. 1.5% dairy fat). A comprehensive data analysis strategy was developed and implemented to assess and compare effects of two different PS-treatments and placebo treatment. The combination of univariate and multivariate data analysis approaches allowed to show significant effects of PS intake on the serum lipidome, and helped to distinguish them from fat content and non-specific effects. The PS-enriched 0.1% dairy fat yoghurt drink had a stronger impact on the lipidome than the 1.5% dairy fat yoghurt drink, despite similar LDL-cholesterol lowering effects. The PS-enriched 0.1% dairy fat yoghurt drink reduced levels of several sphingomyelins which correlated well with the reduction in LDL-cholesterol and can be explained by co-localization of sphingomyelins and cholesterol on the surface of LDL lipoprotein. Statistically significant reductions in serum levels of two lysophosphatidylcholines (LPC(16:1), LPC(20:1)) and cholesteryl arachidonate may suggest reduced inflammation and atherogenic potential. ELECTRONIC SUPPLEMENTARY MATERIAL: The online version of this article (doi:10.1007/s11306-011-0384-2) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.
Effects of rice bran oil on the blood lipids profiles and insulin resistance in type 2 diabetes patients.; The aim of this study was to investigate the influence of rice bran oil consumption on plasma lipids and insulin resistance in patients with type 2 diabetes. Thirty-five patients with type 2 diabetes were randomly assigned to a placebo group or a rice bran oil group. The placebo group consumed 250 mL soybean oil-modified milk (18 g soybean oil) daily for 5 weeks, and the rice bran oil group consumed 250 mL rice bran oil modified milk (18 g rice bran oil) daily for 5 weeks. At week 0 and week 5, anthropometric measurements, hematology tests, and an oral-glucose-tolerance test were conducted. The results showed that the homeostasis model assessment index of insulin resistance, the area under the curve for postprandial serum insulin, and serum low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations increased significantly in the placebo group. In the rice bran oil group, fasting and 2-h postprandial blood glucose concentrations and the area under the curve for postprandial plasma glucose increased significantly; however, total serum cholesterol and low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations decreased significantly. However, the homeostasis model assessment index of insulin resistance was not significantly different. Consumption of 18 g rice bran oil modified milk daily for 5 weeks significantly decreased total serum cholesterol concentrations and tended to decrease low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations in patients with type 2 diabetes. However, no significant influence on insulin resistance was observed.
Plectranthus amboinicus and Centella asiatica Cream for the Treatment of Diabetic Foot Ulcers.; Effects of a topical cream containing P. amboinicus (Lour.) Spreng. (Lamiaceae) and C. asiatica (L.) Urban (Umbelliferae) were evaluated and compared to effects of hydrocolloid fiber wound dressing for diabetic foot ulcers. A single-center, randomized, controlled, open-label study was conducted. Twenty-four type 1 or type 2 diabetes patients aged 20 years or older with Wagner grade 3 foot ulcers postsurgical debridement were enrolled between October 2008 and December 2009. Twelve randomly assigned patients were treated with WH-1 cream containing P. amboinicus and C. asiatica twice daily for two weeks. Another 12 patients were treated with hydrocolloid fiber dressings changed at 7 days or when clinically indicated. Wound condition and safety were assessed at days 7 and 14 and results were compared between groups. No statistically significant differences were seen in percent changes in wound size at 7- and 14-day assessments of WH-1 cream and hydrocolloid dressing groups. A slightly higher proportion of patients in the WH-1 cream group (10 of 12; 90.9%) showed Wagner grade improvement compared to the hydrocolloid fiber dressing group but without statistical significance. For treating diabetic foot ulcers, P. amboinicus and C. asiatica cream is a safe alternative to hydrocolloid fiber dressing without significant difference in effectiveness.
Dairy consumption and cardiometabolic health: outcomes of a 12-month crossover trial.; BACKGROUND: A growing body of research suggests that regular consumption of dairy foods may counteract obesity and other components of the metabolic syndrome. However, human intervention trials are lacking. We aimed to determine the cardiometabolic health effects of increasing the consumption of reduced fat dairy foods in adults with habitually low dairy intakes in the absence of energy restriction., METHODS: An intervention trial was undertaken in 61 overweight or obese adults who were randomly assigned to a high dairy diet (HD, 4 serves of reduced fat dairy/day) or a low dairy control diet (LD, <=1 serve/day) for 6 months then crossed over to the alternate diet for a further 6 months. A range of anthropometric and cardiometabolic parameters including body composition, metabolic rate, blood lipids, blood pressure and arterial compliance were assessed at the end of each diet phase., RESULTS: Total energy intake was 1120 kJ/day higher during the HD phase, resulting in slight weight gain during this period. However, there were no significant differences between HD and LD in absolute measures of waist circumference, body weight, fat mass or any other cardiometabolic parameter., CONCLUSION: Recommended intakes of reduced fat dairy products may be incorporated into the diet of overweight adults without adversely affecting markers of cardiometabolic health., TRIAL REGISTRATION: The trial was registered with the Australia and New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry (ACTRN12608000538347) on 24th October, 2008.
Application of BASNEF educational model for nutritional education among elderly patients with type 2 diabetes: improving the glycemic control.; BACKGROUND: The objective of this study was to determine the effects of nutritional educational program on glycemic control of elderly patients with type 2 diabetes., METHODS: In this parallel randomized controlled educational trial, 100 diabetic elderly patients (>=60 years) were chosen (50 in control and 50 in test group). Nutrition education based on beliefs, attitudes, subjective norms and enabling factors (BASNEF model) was conducted. Dietary intake and glycemic indices as well as the components of the BASNEF model were assessed. The four 70-minute educational sessions were conducted in one month. Three months after training intervention, questionnaire was completed again and blood tests were performed., RESULTS: Increased intake in the mean daily servings of fruits (0.91+/- 0.82 vs. 0.17+/-0.79; p < 0.001), vegetables (0.87+/-0.86 vs. 0.03+/-1; p < 0.001) and dairy (0.35+/-0.52 vs. and 0.12+/-0.76; p < 0.001) were reported in the intervention group compared to the control group (p < 0.001). The amount of fruits, vegetables and dairy increased in the intervention group at the end of the study (p < 0.001). However, it was not significantly changed in the control group. HbA1c and fasting blood sugar (FBS) levels decreased significantly in the interventional group compared to the control group (p < 0.001). Comparing the amount of FBS and HbA1c at the end of the study with the baseline measurements showed significant reduction in interventional group (p < 0.001). However, there was no significant change in control group in this regard., CONCLUSIONS: BASNEF-based nutritional educational intervention improved dietary intakes as well as glycemic control, 3 months after intervention.
Eutectic mixture of local anesthesia cream can reduce both the radial pain and sympathetic response during transradial coronary angiography.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: ADIAL ARTERY SPASM IS ONE OF THE MOST COMMON COMPLICATIONS OF TRANSRADIAL CORONARY ANGIOGRAPHY (TRA): the radial artery is prone to cathecholamine-induced contraction and radial pain during TRA could increase the sympathetic tone. The object of this study was to evaluate whether the eutectic mixture of local anesthesia (EMLA) cream, in addition to lidocaine infiltration, could reduce the sympathetic response by reducing radial pain during TRA., SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Seventy-six patients were randomized 1 : 1 to either EMLA or control groups. Radial pain was measured by the visual analogue scale (VAS) and the verbal rating scale (VRS-4). Sympathetic response, including systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP), pulse rate (PR), stroke volume (SV) and total peripheral resistance (TPR), was measured by photoplethysmography., RESULTS: RADIAL PAIN MEASURED DURING LIDOCAINE INFILTRATION WAS SIGNIFICANTLY LOWER IN THE EMLA GROUP (VAS: 3.1 vs. 4.0, p=0.04; VRS-4: 2.0 vs. 2.2, p=0.03) and the sympathetic response was significantly blunted in the EMLA group from baseline to lidocaine infiltration (DELTASBP, mm Hg: 5 vs. 13, p<0.01; DELTADBP, mm Hg: 2 vs. 7, p=0.03; DELTAPR, beat/min: 2 vs. 8, p<0.01, DELTASV, mL: 3 vs. 21, p<0.01; DELTATPR, mm Hg . L/min: 1.0 vs. 5.9, p<0.01)., CONCLUSION: In patients undergoing TRA, the EMLA cream, in addition to lidocaine infiltration, effectively reduces the radial pain and thereby the sympathetic response, during lidocaine infiltration.
Dietary fat and not calcium supplementation or dairy product consumption is associated with changes in anthropometrics during a randomized, placebo-controlled energy-restriction trial.; UNLABELLED: Insufficient calcium intake has been proposed to cause unbalanced energy partitioning leading to obesity. However, weight loss interventions including dietary calcium or dairy product consumption have not reported changes in lipid metabolism measured by the plasma lipidome., METHODS: The objective of this study was to determine the relationships between dairy product or supplemental calcium intake with changes in the plasma lipidome and body composition during energy restriction. A secondary objective of this study was to explore the relationships among calculated macronutrient composition of the energy restricted diet to changes in the plasma lipidome, and body composition during energy restriction. Overweight adults (n = 61) were randomized into one of three intervention groups including a deficit of 500kcal/d: 1) placebo; 2) 900 mg/d calcium supplement; and 3) 3-4 servings of dairy products/d plus a placebo supplement. Plasma fatty acid methyl esters of cholesterol ester, diacylglycerol, free fatty acids, lysophosphatidylcholine, phosphatidylcholine, phosphatidylethanolamine and triacylglycerol were quantified by capillary gas chromatography., RESULTS: After adjustments for energy and protein (g/d) intake, there was no significant effect of treatment on changes in weight, waist circumference or body composition. Plasma lipidome did not differ among dietary treatment groups. Stepwise regression identified correlations between reported intake of monounsaturated fat (% of energy) and changes in % lean mass (r = -0.44, P < 0.01) and % body fat (r = 0.48, P < 0.001). Polyunsaturated fat intake was associated with the % change in waist circumference (r = 0.44, P < 0.01). Dietary saturated fat was not associated with any changes in anthropometrics or the plasma lipidome., CONCLUSIONS: Dairy product consumption or calcium supplementation during energy restriction over the course of 12 weeks did not affect plasma lipids. Independent of calcium and dairy product consumption, short-term energy restriction altered body composition. Reported dietary fat composition of energy restricted diets was associated with the degree of change in body composition in these overweight and obese individuals.
Effect of Oral Administration of Acetaminophen and Topical Application of EMLA on Pain during Transrectal Ultrasound-Guided Prostate Biopsy.; PURPOSE: Transrectal ultrasound-guided prostate biopsy is the procedure of choice for diagnosing prostate cancer. We compared with pain-relieving effect of acetaminophen, a known drug for enhancing the pain-relieving effect of tramadol, and eutectic mixture of local anesthetics (EMLA), a local anesthetic agent, with that of the conventional periprostatic nerve block method., MATERIALS AND METHODS: This was a prospective, randomized, single-blinded study. A total of 430 patients were randomly assigned to three groups. Group 1 received a periprostatic nerve block with 1% lidocaine, group 2 received acetaminophen 650 mg, and group 3 received EMLA cream for pain control. All patients were given 50 mg of tramadol intravenously 30 minutes before the procedure. At 3 hours after completion of the procedure, the patients were asked to grade their pain on a horizontal visual analogue scale (VAS). The patients were also asked whether they were willing to undergo future biopsy if required., RESULTS: There were no significant differences between the three groups in terms of age, prostate-specific antigen, prostate size, or numbers of biopsy cores. The pain scores for groups 2 and group 3, which were 3.47+/-1.92 and 3.50+/-1.36, respectively, were similar and were significantly lower than that of group 1, which was 5.24+/-2.07., CONCLUSIONS: Acetaminophen and EMLA cream with intravenous injection of tramadol are safe, easy, and effective methods of controlling pain during the procedure. These methods were more effective for pain relief than was the conventional periprostatic nerve block method.
Increased postprandial glycaemia, insulinemia, and lipidemia after 10 weeks' sucrose-rich diet compared to an artificially sweetened diet: a randomised controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: The importance of exchanging sucrose for artificial sweeteners on risk factors for developing diabetes and cardiovascular diseases is not yet clear., OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effects of a diet high in sucrose versus a diet high in artificial sweeteners on fasting and postprandial metabolic profiles after 10 weeks., DESIGN: Healthy overweight subjects were randomised to consume drinks and foods sweetened with either sucrose (~2 g/kg body weight) (n = 12) or artificial sweeteners (n = 11) as supplements to their usual diet. Supplements were similar on the two diets and consisted of beverages (~80 weight%) and solid foods (yoghurts, marmalade, ice cream, stewed fruits). The rest of the diet was free of choice and ad libitum. Before (week 0) and after the intervention (week 10) fasting blood samples were drawn and in week 10, postprandial blood was sampled during an 8-hour meal test (breakfast and lunch)., RESULTS: After 10 weeks postprandial glucose, insulin, lactate, triglyceride, leptin, glucagon, and GLP-1 were all significantly higher in the sucrose compared with the sweetener group. After adjusting for differences in body weight changes and fasting values (week 10), postprandial glucose, lactate, insulin, GIP, and GLP-1 were significantly higher and after further adjusting for differences in energy and sucrose intake, postprandial lactate, insulin, GIP, and GLP-1 levels were still significantly higher on the sucrose-rich diet., CONCLUSION: A sucrose-rich diet consumed for 10 weeks resulted in significant elevations of postprandial glycaemia, insulinemia, and lipidemia compared to a diet rich in artificial sweeteners in slightly overweight healthy subjects.
Relations of diet and physical activity to bone mass and height in black and white adolescents.; Because the development of healthy bodies during the years of growth has life-long health consequences, it is important to understand the early influences of diet and physical activity (PA). One way to generate hypotheses concerning such influences is to conduct cross-sectional studies of how diet and PA are related to different components of body composition. The subjects were 660 black and white adolescents. Total body bone mineral content (BMC) was measured with dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry; free-living diet and PA were assessed with 4-7 separate 24-h recalls. The main dietary variables investigated were: total energy intake, macronutrient distribution (%), dairy servings, vitamin D, and calcium. The main PA variables were hours of moderate PA (3-6 METs) and vigorous PA (>6 METs). BMC was higher in blacks than in whites (P<0.01) and it increased more in boys than in girls (age by sex interaction) as age increased (P<0.01). After adjustment for age, race and sex, higher levels of BMC were associated with higher levels of energy intake, dairy servings, calcium, vitamin D, and vigorous PA (all P 's<0.05). In the multivariable model, significant and independent proportions of the variance in BMC were explained by race, the age by sex interaction, calcium, and vigorous PA (all P 's<0.01). When height was used as the outcome variable, similar diet results were obtained; however, there was a sex by vigorous PA interaction, such that vigorous PA was associated with height only in the girls. These data are consistent with the hypothesis that the bone mass and height of growing youths are positively influenced by higher dietary intake of energy and dairy foods, along with sufficient amounts of vigorous PA. This hypothesis needs to be tested in randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy of vitamin D3-fortified-yogurt drink on anthropometric, metabolic, inflammatory and oxidative stress biomarkers according to vitamin D receptor gene polymorphisms in type 2 diabetic patients: a study protocol for a randomized controlled clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: Development of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is determined by the interactions of genetic and environmental factors. This study was designed to evaluate the possible role of VDR single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) on different aspects of diabetic host response (anthropometric, metabolic, oxidative stress and inflammatory) to daily intake of vitamin D through fortified yogurt drink for 12 weeks., METHODS/DESIGN: This study comprises two parts: (i) a case-control study; and (ii) an intervention trial. In the first part, VDR polymorphisms (Taq1, FokI, Apa1, Bsm1, and Cdx2) are determined in 350 T2DM patients and 350 non-diabetic subjects. In the second part, the possible effects of daily intake of two servings of vitamin D3-fortified yogurt drink (FYD; 500 IU vitamin D/250 mL) on some selected metabolic (including insulin resistance), inflammatory and oxidative stress biomarkers in 135 T2DM patients are assessed. To relate the resulted changes in the biomarkers to vitamin D replenishment, another group of diabetic patients (n = 45) are also included in the study who receive 2 servings of plain yogurt drink (PYD) a day. The primary outcome is serum level of 25(OH) D, which it is expected to be elevated only in FYD group. Secondary outcomes include improvements in glycemic, metabolic, inflammatory and oxidative stress biomarkers in FYD group compared to PYD group. Three VDR FokI polymorphisms are determined only in FYD group followed by comparison of changes in the biomarkers among these genotypic variants., DISCUSSION: The present study, at least in part, elucidates the discrepancies in the results of different vitamin D-diabetes studies pertaining to the genetic variations of the population. If VDR polymorphisms are found to influence the response to our intervention, then knowing distribution of VDR polymorphisms in both diabetic and non-diabetic populations can give a picture of the proportion of the community in whom up to 1000 IU/d vitamin D may not be effective enough to improve insulin resistance and related morbidities. Therefore, they should ideally receive further nutritional support according to their genotype., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT01236846.
Phase III Study of Silver Leaf Nylon Dressing vs Standard Care for Reduction of Inframammary Moist Desquamation in Patients Undergoing Adjuvant Whole Breast Radiation Therapy.; AIMS: The primary objective of this study was to assess silver leaf nylon dressings as a prophylactic measure in reducing inframammary fold radiation induced dermatitis in women receiving adjuvant whole breast radiotherapy compared with standard skin care. A secondary objective was to assess if the dressing influenced breast skin-related pain, itching and burning resulting from whole breast radiotherapy., MATERIAL AND METHODS: A prospective randomized trial compared silver leaf nylon dressing worn continuously from the sixth fraction of whole breast radiotherapy until 14 days after therapy completion to standard skin care in patients deemed to be at risk of inframammary radiation induced dermatitis by virtue of a large breast volume or a significant inframammary skin fold in the treatment position. Stratification before randomization was for anthracycline chemotherapy and fractionation scheme. Digital photos of the inframammary region were taken at one week before, the last day of whole breast radiotherapy, and one week after treatment completion. Three observers blinded to treatment arm assessed the images for the presence of moist desquamation and the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) skin toxicity score. Patients completed questionnaires comprising visual analogue scales for pain, itching and burning sensation, and questions regarding which topical skin cream was being used, at the before-mentioned times as well as at baseline and two weeks after completing whole breast radiotherapy., RESULTS: A total of 196 patients completed the study. Moist desquamation occurred in 38% of patients. No difference in incidence or maximum size of moist desquamation or RTOG skin toxicity scores was seen between the treatment arms. However, on the last day of radiation treatment and one week after completion of treatment, patient reports of itching decreased in the experimental arm. At one week before whole breast radiotherapy completion, patients using Glaxal Base cream reported worse burning, those using aloe vera reported worse pain and burning, whereas patients who had not used a moisturizing cream reported less pain., CONCLUSION: Silver leaf nylon dressing use did not demonstrate a decrease in the incidence of inframammary moist desquamation, but did decrease itching in the last week of radiation and one week after treatment completion. Copyright © 2010. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Dairy products and plasma cholesterol levels.; Cholesterol synthesized in the body or ingested is an essential lipid component for human survival from our earliest life. Newborns ingest about 3-4 times the amount per body weight through mother's milk compared to the dietary intake of adults. A birth level of 1.7 mmol/L plasma total cholesterol will increase to 4-4.5 mmol/L during the nursing period and continue to increase from adulthood around 40% throughout life. Coronary artery disease and other metabolic disorders are strongly associated with low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol as well as triacylglycerol concentration. Milk fat contains a broad range of fatty acids and some have a negative impact on the cholesterol rich lipoproteins. The saturated fatty acids (SFAs), such as palmitic acid (C16:0), myristic acid (C14:0), and lauric acid (C12:0), increase total plasma cholesterol, especially LDL, and constitute 11.3 g/L of bovine milk, which is 44.8% of total fatty acid in milk fat. Replacement of dairy SFA and trans-fatty acids with polyunsaturated fatty acids decreases plasma cholesterol, especially LDL cholesterol, and is associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease. Available data shows different effects on lipoproteins for different dairy products and there is uncertainty as to the impact a reasonable intake amount of dairy items has on cardiovascular risk. The aim of this review is to elucidate the effect of milk components and dairy products on total cholesterol, LDL, HDL, and the LDL/HDL quotients. Based on eight recent randomized control trials of parallel or cross-over design and recent reviews it can be concluded that replacement of saturated fat mainly (but not exclusively) derived from high-fat dairy products with low-fat dairy products lowers LDL/HDL cholesterol and total/HDL cholesterol ratios. Whey, dairy fractions enriched in polar lipids, and techniques such as fermentation, or fortification of cows feeding can be used to produce dairy products with more beneficial effects on plasma lipid profile.
Milk Products Containing Bioactive Tripeptides Have an Antihypertensive Effect in Double Transgenic Rats (dTGR) Harbouring Human Renin and Human Angiotensinogen Genes.; Tripeptides isoleucyl-prolyl-proline (IPP) and valyl-prolyl-proline (VPP) act as ACE inhibitors in vitro. Double transgenic rats (dTGR) harbouring human renin and human angiotensinogen genes develop malignant hypertension due to increased angiotensin II formation. The present study was aimed to evaluate possible antihypertensive effect of IPP and VPP in this severe model. Four-week-old dTGR were randomized in three groups to receive: (1) water (control), (2) fermented milk containing IPP and VPP, and (3) IPP and VPP dissolved in water for three weeks. Fermented milk, but not peptides in water, attenuated the development of hypertension in dTGR by 19 mmHg versus the control group (P = .023). In vitro vascular function tests showed that high concentrations of the peptides evinced ACE inhibitory properties. In other hypertension related variables, no significant differences between the treatment groups were found. In conclusion, fermented milk product containing IPP and VPP prevents development of malignant hypertension in an animal model.
The Effects of Combination Perianal-Intrarectal Lidocaine-Prilocaine Cream and Periprostatic Nerve Block for Pain Control during Transrectal Ultrasound Guided Biopsy of the Prostate: A Randomized, Controlled Trial.; PURPOSE: Prostate biopsy for diagnosing cancer can be painful. The efficacy and safety of combination perianal-intrarectal lidocaine-prilocaine (PILP) cream and periprostatic nerve block were compared with nerve block alone during transrectal ultrasound guided prostate biopsy (TRUS-Bx)., MATERIALS AND METHODS: From October 2007 to August 2009, 74 men undergoing a transrectal prostate biopsy were randomized into two groups. In group 1, 36 patients received a combination of PILP cream and a periprostatic nerve block; and in group 2, 38 patients received lubricant jelly and a periprostatic nerve block. Thirty minutes later, the TRUS-Bx was performed. Pain was evaluated by a 10-point visual analogue scale (VAS) after the biopsy., RESULTS: Patients in group 1 showed a significantly lower VAS score than patients in group 2 (mean score 2.22+/-0.89 vs. 3.02+/-1.15, p<0.001). In addition, there was a difference in the number of patients that had a pain score of three or more, 44% in group 1, and 65% in group 2. The overall complication rate was similar in both groups (p=0.45)., CONCLUSIONS: A combination of PILP cream and periprostatic nerve block reduced pain compared to the periprostatic nerve block alone. This safe, simple technique can be considered prior to TRUS-Bx to reduce patient discomfort.
Management of superficial basal cell carcinoma: focus on imiquimod.; Superficial basal cell carcinoma comprise up to 25% of all histological sub-types. They are more likely to occur on younger persons and females and although generally more common on the trunk, also occur frequently on the exposed areas of the head and neck especially in areas of high sun exposure. In the last decade, new treatment options such as topical applications that modify the immune response have been trialed for effectiveness in treating these lesions. Imiquimod 5% cream has been shown to stimulate the innate and cell mediated immune system. The short-term success of imiquimod 5% cream in randomized controlled trials comparing different treatment regimes and dosing as a treatment for small superficial basal cell carcinoma (BCC) not on the face or neck is in the range of 82% for 5 times per week application. A high proportion of participants with good response rates to topical treatment (58%-92%) experience local side effects such as itching and burning, less commonly erosion and ulceration, but the proportion of participants ceasing treatment has not been high. To date one long-term study indicates a treatment success rate of 78%-81% and that initial response is a predictor of long-term outcome. Recurrences tend to occur within the first year after treatment. Future research will compare this preparation to the gold standard treatment for superficial BCC - surgical excision.
An Unexpected Detrimental Effect on the Incidence of Heel Pressure Ulcers After Local 5% DMSO Cream Application: A Randomized, Double-blind Study in Patients at Risk for Pressure Ulcers.; UNLABELLED: Background. Ischemia-reperfusion injury and reactive oxygen species (ROS) are considered to play an important role in the pathogenesis of pressure ulcers (PU). Antioxidants may diminish the inflammation and damage of these ROS in pressure ulcer formation. Dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO) is a hydroxyl antioxidant that inhibits leukocyte adherence. When used topically, DMSO is a safe and well-tolerated drug with excellent penetrating properties. In this prospective randomized study, the effect of topically applied DMSO on the prevention of PU formation is analyzed., METHODS: In a randomized double-blinded study, the effects of massage with or without DMSO creams were assessed against controls for 2 locations (ie, heel and buttocks) in 79 patients prone for development of PU., RESULTS: There was no difference in PU incidence between the 3 interventions on the buttocks. Surprisingly, the topical 5% DMSO cream group showed an increase in superficial pressure ulcers for the heel location., CONCLUSION: This is the first study on the possible role of DMSO in the prevention of PU. The results suggest an adverse effect on PU incidence in heel, whereas on the buttocks the DMSO cream seems to have no effect. Possible explanations for this unexpected detrimental effect are discussed.
Evaluation of some etiological factors predisposing to diarrhoea in lambs in "La Serena" (Southwest Spain).; This study compares some etiological factors involved in the naturally occurrence of lamb scours in 18 Merino sheep farms randomly selected in the area of "La Serena" (Southwest Spain). A lack of influence of some variables (flock size, type of facilities, type of breeding, lambing percentage, isolation of Campylobacter jejuni, Rotavirus spp., Coronavirus spp. and Salmonella spp.) on lamb mortality rate was detected. The opposite was true for cleaning of the lambing areas, organization of lambing periods, accumulation of lambs in the pens, high content of fat, protein and lactose in milk and low serum gamma globulin and total protein in lambs and ewes. Cryptosporidium spp. and Escherichia coli isolation showed a trend to be linked to the presence of diarrhoea. A positive correlation was found between serum total protein in ewes and serum gamma globulin in lambs. Thus, the measure of serum total protein in ewes before lambing would be a valuable indicator of the risk of lamb scouring and it would be useful to establish an adequate programme to prevent this condition in the farms of this geographical area. Copyright © 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The relationship between dietary habits, blood glucose and insulin levels among people without cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes; the ATTICA study.; BACKGROUND: Diet has long been associated with a risk of insulin resistance and poor glycemic control. We sought to investigate the association between food groups and indices of glycemic control in adults without type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease., METHODS: During 2001 - 2002 we randomly enrolled 1514 men (18-87 years old) and 1528 women (18-89 years old) without evidence of cardiovascular disease from the Attica area of Greece. Of them, 118 men and 92 women were excluded from the present analysis due to a history of diabetes mellitus (type 2). Fasting blood glucose and insulin levels were measured, while dietary habits were evaluated through a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire., RESULTS: Red meat consumption was positively associated with hyperglycemia (p = 0.04), hyperinsulinemia (p = 0.04), and HOMA levels (p = 0.03), even after adjusting for BMI and various other potential confounders. The intake of fruits, vegetables, legumes, yogurt and other dairy products was not associated with levels of glycemic control indices., CONCLUSIONS: A higher consumption of red meat and its products may aggravate hyperinsulinemia and insulin resistance in non-diabetic people.
Prevention of type 1a diabetes mellitus*.; Type 1 diabetes begins with the progressive autoimmune mediated destruction of the insulin-producing beta cells. When sufficient beta cell function is lost, the endocrine phase, characterized by insulin deficiency and hyperglycemia, supervenes. While a genetic predisposition to diabetes is an important precondition, most believe an environmental factor or factors serve as the trigger for initiating this process. In this paper we review trials designed to prevent or delay the clinical onset of diabetes. In these studies, high-risk individuals are identified by their genetic predisposition to diabetes, and/or by the presence of immune markers indicating activation of the autoimmune process directed against islet cells. The Deutsche Nicotinamide Intervention Study (DENIS) randomized 55 high-risk subjects to either nicotinamide or placebo and found no significant benefit. The European Nicotinamide Diabetes Intervention Trial (ENDIT) completed enrollment in May 1998. ENDIT screened over 40 000 relatives, randomizing 552 to either nicotinamide or placebo. Results are expected in May of 2003. Designed to test if avoidance of cow's milk in infancy will decrease the incidence of diabetes, the Trial to Reduce Type I Diabetes in the Genetically at Risk (TRIGR). High-risk infants are randomly assigned to different supplemental formulas in the first 6 months of life. Initial results suggest that removing cow's milk has a protective effect. The ongoing, NIH funded, multicenter Diabetes Prevention Trial-Type 1 (DPT-1) is testing two antigen-based (insulin) interventions in relatives at high risk for diabetes. Now in its sixth year, the DPT-1 study group has screened over 84,000 individuals. As of November 2000, 339 subjects have been randomized in the parenteral insulin study, completing the enrollment phase. Enrollment continues in the oral insulin study. Results of this trial are not yet available. Different epitopes of insulin and its analogs, monoclonal antibodies, and cytokine-based therapy, among others, have all been proposed as potential new interventional agents. While a great deal of effort will be required to test these approaches, the potential benefits of prevention justify these research efforts.
Association of dietary factors and other coronary risk factors with social class in women in five Indian cities.; The association between social classes, food intake and coronary risk factors was determined. Cross-sectional surveys were conducted in 6-12 urban streets in each of five cities, each one from five different regions of India using similar methods of dietary intakes and criteria of diagnosis. We randomly selected 3257 women aged 25-64 years inclusive, from Moradabad (n = 902), Trivandrum (n = 760), Calcutta (n = 410), Nagpur (n = 405) and Bombay (n = 780). All subjects, after pooling of data, were divided into social class 1 (n = 985), class 2 (n = 790), class 3 (n = 774), class 4 (n = 602) and class 5 (n = 206) based on various attributes of socioeconomic status. Social class 1 was the highest and 5 was the lowest social class. Social classes 1-3 had greater intake of pro-atherogenic foods; total visible fat, milk and milk products, meat and eggs, as well as sugar and confectionery, compared to social classes 4 and 5. The consumption of wheat, rice, millets, fruits, vegetables and legume/total visible fat ratio were inversely associated with social class. Mean body mass index (BMI), obesity, overweight, central obesity and sedentary lifestyle were also significantly more common among subjects from higher social classes. Spearman's rank correlation showed that bodyweight, BMI, wheat, rice, millets, total visible fat, milk and milk products, meat, eggs, sugar and jaggery intakes were significantly correlated with social class. Social class 5 subjects had a lower intake of all foods and a lower BMI, suggestive of a higher rate of undernutrition among them. The findings indicate that the consumption of pro-atherogenic foods and other coronary risk factors are more common in higher social classes compared to lower social classes.
Energy expenditure does not differ, but protein oxidation rates appear lower in meals containing predominantly meat versus soy sources of protein.; BACKGROUND: High protein meals produce 3 relevant effects in weight management: i) higher thermogenic cost, ii) enhanced fat oxidation, and iii) greater satiation. Pork has been reported to be more thermogenic than soy, suggesting meat protein may be superior to plant protein in a high-protein weight loss diet context. In this study, we aimed to compare the effects of high-protein meals using meat, dairy, and soy sources respectively., METHODS: This crossover feeding trial measured energy expenditure, substrate oxidation, and satiety levels of 12 adults during 8-hour stays in a whole-room calorimeter. The 3 isoenergetic high-protein test meals (30% protein, 40% carbohydrate, 30% fat) contained predominantly meat, dairy, and soy protein., RESULTS: There was no significant difference between meals for effects on energy expenditure (p = 0.987), carbohydrate oxidation (p = 0.951), and fat oxidation (p = 0.997). Protein oxidation was significantly lower in meals with predominantly meat compared to soy sources (p = 0.012). There was no significant difference between meals for reported satiety levels (p = 0.296)., CONCLUSION: High-protein meals may be argued as beneficial for weight loss. Animal protein does not appear to offer superior energy expenditure effects, but there may be protein-sparing effects with meat, which may be beneficial in terms of retaining lean body mass. Copyright 2010 S. Karger AG, Basel.
No effects of low and high consumption of dairy products and calcium supplements on body composition and serum lipids in Puerto Rican obese adults.; OBJECTIVE: Epidemiologic studies have shown that a high calcium intake is related to lower body weight, fat, and serum lipids in obese individuals. However, clinical studies have shown inconclusive results. The present study was conducted to determine if dairy or calcium supplementation alters body composition or serum lipids in Puerto Rican obese adults without dietary energy restriction or exercise., METHODS: A 21-wk randomized clinical trial was conducted in 30 obese adults, aged 21-50 y, with usual calcium intakes <700 mg/d. Subjects were randomly assigned to the following: high dairy (~ 1300 mg/d of calcium from dairy products by substituting foods); high calcium (~ 1300 mg/d of calcium; ~ 700 mg/d from diet and 600 mg/d from a supplement); or placebo. Subjects were asked to continue their established dietary intake (except for the high dairy group) and their physical activity during the study. Body weight was measured monthly; body fat, bone, and serum lipids (total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein, low-density lipoprotein, and triacylglycerol) were measured at baseline and at 21 wk. Pairwise differences in study endpoints among the groups were assessed using ANOVA and post-hoc analysis., RESULTS: Grand mean calcium intake was 1200 +/- 370 (median 1187) mg/d in the high dairy group, 1171 +/- 265 (median 1165) mg/d in the high calcium group, and 668 +/- 273 (median 691) mg/d in the control group, which was significantly lower compared to the two treatment groups (P < 0.001). There were no significant group effects in any of the outcome variables., CONCLUSION: A high dairy or calcium diet alone did not alter body composition or serum lipids profile in a sample of Puerto Rican obese adults. Copyright © 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Feeding frequency and appetite in lean and obese prepubertal children.; To determine the effect of feeding frequency on appetite in normal weight (NW) and obese (OB) prepubertal children, we carried out a prospective, randomized interventional study of 18 NW and 17 OB children ages 6-10. Children received three or five feedings in random order on separate days. Total calories, carbohydrate, protein, and fat composition on each day were equal. Two hours following the last feeding, children were offered ice cream ad lib. The major outcome variable was kilocalories ice cream consumed. A visual analog scale to assess fullness was also administered before consumption of ice cream. We observed that OB children consumed 73.0 +/- 37.4 kcal more after five feedings than after three feedings whereas the NW children consumed 47.1 +/- 27.8 kcal less. There was significant interaction between meal pattern and weight group indicating that this change in ice cream consumption differed significantly between groups (P = 0.014 by two-factor analysis). Ice cream intake/kg was less in OB compared to NW subjects (P = 0.012). Fullness ratings before ice cream did not differ by meal pattern or weight group. However, pre-ice cream fullness predicted ice cream intake in NW but not OB children. In summary, OB and NW children differed in appetite response to meal frequency. Our data suggest that: (i) satiety in OB children is related more to proximity of calories (larger supper) than to antecedent distribution of calories and; (ii) NW children may be more prone to restrict intake based on subjective fullness.
Increased consumption of dairy foods and protein during diet- and exercise-induced weight loss promotes fat mass loss and lean mass gain in overweight and obese premenopausal women.; Weight loss can have substantial health benefits for overweight or obese persons; however, the ratio of fat:lean tissue loss may be more important. We aimed to determine how daily exercise (resistance and/or aerobic) and a hypoenergetic diet varying in protein and calcium content from dairy foods would affect the composition of weight lost in otherwise healthy, premenopausal, overweight, and obese women. Ninety participants were randomized to 3 groups (n = 30/group): high protein, high dairy (HPHD), adequate protein, medium dairy (APMD), and adequate protein, low dairy (APLD) differing in the quantity of total dietary protein and dairy food-source protein consumed: 30 and 15%, 15 and 7.5%, or 15 and <2% of energy, respectively. Body composition was measured by DXA at 0, 8, and 16 wk and MRI (n = 39) to assess visceral adipose tissue (VAT) volume at 0 and 16 wk. All groups lost body weight (P < 0.05) and fat (P < 0.01); however, fat loss during wk 8-16 was greater in the HPHD group than in the APMD and APLD groups (P < 0.05). The HPHD group gained lean tissue with a greater increase during 8-16 wk than the APMD group, which maintained lean mass and the APLD group, which lost lean mass (P < 0.05). The HPHD group also lost more VAT as assessed by MRI (P < 0.05) and trunk fat as assessed by DXA (P < 0.005) than the APLD group. The reduction in VAT in all groups was correlated with intakes of calcium (r = 0.40; P < 0.05) and protein (r = 0.32; P < 0.05). Therefore, diet- and exercise-induced weight loss with higher protein and increased dairy product intakes promotes more favorable body composition changes in women characterized by greater total and visceral fat loss and lean mass gain.
Dietary intakes associated with successful weight loss and maintenance during the Weight Loss Maintenance trial.; BACKGROUND: Dietary components effective in weight maintenance efforts have not been adequately identified., OBJECTIVE: To determine the effects of changes in dietary consumption on weight loss and maintenance during the Weight Loss Maintenance clinical trial., DESIGN: Weight Loss Maintenance was a randomized controlled trial. Successful weight loss participants who completed Phase I of the trial and lost 4 kg were randomized to one of three maintenance intervention arms in Phase II and followed for an additional 30 months., PARTICIPANTS/SETTING: The multicenter trial was conducted from 2003 through 2007. This substudy included 828 successful weight loss participants., METHODS: The Block Food Frequency Questionnaire (FFQ) was used to assess nutrient intake levels and food group servings. Carbohydrates, proteins, fats, dietary fiber, fruit/vegetable, and dairy servings were utilized as predictor variables. The FFQ was collected on all participants at study entry (beginning of Phase I). Those randomized to Phase II completed the FFQ at three additional time points: randomization (beginning of Phase II), 12 months, and 30 months., INTERVENTION: The main intervention focused on long-term maintenance of weight loss using the Dietary Approaches to Hypertension diet. This substudy examined if changes to specific dietary variables were associated with weight loss and maintenance., STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Linear regression models that adjusted for change in total energy examined the relationship between changes in dietary intake and weight for each time period. Site, age, race, sex, and a race-sex interaction were included as covariates., RESULTS: Participants who substituted protein for fat lost, on average, 0.33 kg per 6 months during Phase I (P<0.0001) and 0.07 kg per 6 months during Phase II (P<0.0001) per 1% increase in protein. Increased intake of fruits and vegetables was associated with weight loss in Phases I and II: 0.29 kg per 6 months (P<0.0001) and 0.04 kg per 6 months (P=0.0062), respectively, per 1-serving increase. Substitution of carbohydrates for fat and protein for carbohydrates were associated with weight loss during both phases. Increasing dairy intake was associated with significant weight loss during Phase II (-0.17 kg per 6 months per 1-serving increase, P=0.0002), but not during Phase I. Dietary fiber revealed no significant findings., CONCLUSIONS: Increasing fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy may help achieve weight loss and maintenance. Copyright © 2011 American Dietetic Association. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Efficacy of the Survivor Health and Resilience Education (SHARE) program to improve bone health behaviors among adolescent survivors of childhood cancer.; PURPOSE: The purpose of this study is to test the efficacy of the Survivor Health and Resilience Education Program intervention--a manualized, behavioral intervention focusing on bone health behaviors among adolescent survivors of childhood cancer., METHODS: Participants were 75 teens aged 11-21 years, one or more years post-treatment, and currently cancer-free. Teens were randomized to a group-based intervention focusing on bone health or a wait-list control. Bone health behaviors were assessed at baseline and 1-month post-intervention., RESULTS: Controlling for baseline outcome measures and theoretical predictors, milk consumption frequency (p=0.03), past month calcium supplementation (p<0.001), days in the past month with calcium supplementation (p<0.001), and dietary calcium intake (p=0.04) were significantly greater at 1-month follow-up among intervention participants compared with control participants., CONCLUSIONS: The intervention had a significant short-term impact on self-reported bone health behaviors among adolescent survivors of childhood cancer. Research examining long-term intervention effectiveness is warranted.
Physical activity, sedentary behaviors and dietary habits among Saudi adolescents relative to age, gender and region.; BACKGROUND: Few lifestyle factors have been simultaneously studied and reported for Saudi adolescents. Therefore, the purpose of the present study was to report on the prevalence of physical activity, sedentary behaviors and dietary habits among Saudi adolescents and to examine the interrelationships among these factors using representative samples drawn from three major cities in Saudi Arabia., METHODS: This school-based cross-sectional study was conducted during the years 2009-2010 in three cities: Al-Khobar, Jeddah and Riyadh. The participants were 2908 secondary-school males (1401) and females (1507) aged 14-19 years, randomly selected using a multistage stratified sampling technique. Measurements included weight, height, sedentary behaviors (TV viewing, playing video games and computer use), physical activity using a validated questionnaire and dietary habits., RESULTS: A very high proportion (84% for males and 91.2% for females) of Saudi adolescents spent more than 2 hours on screen time daily and almost half of the males and three-quarters of the females did not meet daily physical activity guidelines. The majority of adolescents did not have a daily intake of breakfast, fruit, vegetables and milk. Females were significantly (p < 0.05) more sedentary, much less physically active, especially with vigorous physical activity, and there were fewer days per week when they consumed breakfast, fruit, milk and diary products, sugar-sweetened drinks, fast foods and energy drinks than did males. However, the females' intake of French fries and potato chips, cakes and donuts, and candy and chocolate was significantly (p < 0.05) higher than the males'. Screen time was significantly (p < 0.05) correlated inversely with the intake of breakfast, vegetables and fruit. Physical activity had a significant (p < 0.05) positive relationship with fruit and vegetable intake but not with sedentary behaviors., CONCLUSIONS: The high prevalence of sedentary behaviors, physical inactivity and unhealthy dietary habits among Saudi adolescents is a major public health concern. There is an urgent need for national policy promoting active living and healthy eating and reducing sedentary behaviors among children and adolescents in Saudi Arabia.
Effect of plant sterols on the lipid profile of patients with hypercholesterolaemia. Randomised, experimental study.; BACKGROUND: Studies have been conducted on supplementing the daily diet with plant sterol ester-enriched milk derivatives in order to reduce LDL-cholesterol levels and, consequently, cardiovascular risk. However, clinical practice guidelines on hypercholesterolaemia state that there is not sufficient evidence to recommend their use in subjects with hypercholesterolaemia. The main objective of this study is to determine the efficacy of the intake of 2 g of plant sterol esters a day in lowering LDL-cholesterol levels in patients diagnosed with hypercholesterolaemia. The specific objectives are: 1) to quantify the efficacy of the daily intake of plant sterol esters in lowering LDL-cholesterol, total cholesterol and cardiovascular risk in patients with hypercholesterolaemia; 2) to evaluate the occurrence of adverse effects of the daily intake of plant sterol esters; 3) to identify the factors that determine a greater reduction in lipid levels in subjects receiving plant sterol ester supplements., METHODS/DESIGN: Randomised, double-blind, placebo controlled experimental trial carried out at family doctors' surgeries at three health centres in the Health Area of Albacete (Spain). The study subjects will be adults diagnosed with "limit" or "defined" hypercholesterolaemia and who have LDL cholesterol levels of 130 mg/dl or over. A dairy product in the form of liquid yoghurt containing 2 g of plant sterol ester per container will be administered daily after the main meal, for a period of 24 months. The control group will receive a daily unit of yogurt not supplemented with plant sterol esters that has a similar appearance to the enriched yoghurt. The primary variable is the change in lipid profile at 1, 3, 6, 12, 18 and 24 months. The secondary variables are: change in cardiovascular risk, adherence to the dairy product, adverse effects, adherence to dietary recommendations, frequency of food consumption, basic physical examination data, health problems, lipid-lowering medication, physical activity, smoking habits and socio-demographic variables., DISCUSSION: If plant sterol ester supplements were effective a sounder recommendation for the consumption of plant sterols in subjects with hypercholesterolaemia could be made.
Long-term intervention with Lactobacillus helveticus fermented milk reduces augmentation index in hypertensive subjects.; BACKGROUND: The milk casein-derived biologically active tripeptides, isoleucyl-prolyl-proline (Ile-Pro-Pro) and valyl-prolyl-proline (Val-Pro-Pro), have documented antihypertensive effect probably related to reduced angiotensin formation. It has been suggested that these tripeptides may reduce arterial stiffness and improve endothelial function. Our aim was to evaluate whether the milk-based drink containing Ile-Pro-Pro and Val-Pro-Pro influence arterial stiffness, measured as augmentation index (AIx), and endothelial function in man., METHODS: In a double-blind parallel group intervention study, 89 hypertensive subjects received daily peptide milk containing a low dose of tripeptides (5 mg/day) for 12 weeks and a high dose (50 mg/day) for the following 12 weeks, or a placebo milk drink to titrate the dose-response effect. Arterial stiffness was assessed by pulse wave analysis at the beginning and end of each intervention period. Endothelial function was tested by examining pulse wave reflection response to sublingual nitroglycerin and salbutamol inhalation. Blood pressure was measured by using office and 24-h ambulatory blood pressure measurement., RESULTS: At the end of the second intervention period, AIx decreased significantly in the peptide group compared with the placebo group (peptide group -1.53% (95% confidence interval (CI) -2.95 to -0.12), placebo group 1.20% (95% CI 0.09-2.32), P=0.013). No change in endothelial function index was observed (peptide group 0.02 (95% CI -0.06 to 0.08), placebo group 0.04 (95% CI -0.04 to 0.12), P=0.85). There were no statistically significant differences between the effects of the peptide and placebo treatment on office and 24-h ambulatory blood pressure., CONCLUSIONS: Long-term treatment with Lactobacillus helveticus-fermented milk containing bioactive peptides reduces arterial stiffness expressed as AIx in hypertensive subjects.
First and second meal effects of pulses on blood glucose, appetite, and food intake at a later meal.; Pulses are low-glycemic appetite-suppressing foods, but it is not known whether these properties persist after being consumed as part of a meal and after a second meal. The objective of this study was to determine the effects of a fixed-size pulse meal on appetite and blood glucose (BG) before and after an ad libitum test meal (pizza) and on food intake (FI) at the test meal. Males (n = 25; 21.3 +/- 0.5 years; 21.6 +/- 0.3 kg.m(-2)) randomly consumed 4 isocaloric meals: chickpea; lentil; yellow split pea; and macaroni and cheese (control). Commercially available canned pulses provided 250 kcal, and were consumed with macaroni and tomato sauce. FI was measured at a pizza meal 260 min after consumption of the isocaloric meal. BG and appetite were measured from 0 to 340 min. The lentil and yellow pea, but not chickpea, treatments led to lower appetite ratings during the 260 min prepizza meal period, and less FI at the pizza meal, compared with macaroni and cheese (p < 0.05). All pulse treatments lowered BG immediately following consumption (at 20 min) (p < 0.05), but there was no effect of treatment on prepizza meal BG AUC (p = 0.07). Immediately after the pizza meal, BG was lower following the chickpea and lentil treatments, but not the yellow pea treatment (p < 0.05). Postpizza meal BG AUC was lower following the chickpea and lentil treatments than in the yellow pea treatment (p < 0.05). The beneficial effects of consuming a pulse meal on appetite, FI at a later meal, and the BG response to a later meal are dependent on pulse type.
Effects of pimecrolimus versus triamcinolone on Langerhans cells after UV exposure.; BACKGROUND/PURPOSE: Pimecrolimus is a topical immunomodulator for atopic dermatitis. Concerns regarding malignancy risk resulted in its black box warning in 2006. The purpose of this study is to determine the effects of pimecrolimus on Langerhans cells (LC), mediators of the cutaneous immunity UV-irradiated skin., METHODS: A RCT was conducted investigating pimecrolimus 1% cream vs triamcinolone 0.1% cream on UV-irradiated epidermal LC on 20 healthy volunteers. Punch biopsies were stained with antibodies to CD1a, HLADR and CD83., RESULTS: Triamcinolone caused more depletion in UV-irradiated CD1a(+) epidermis relative to pimecrolimus treatment. (P=0.030). Using HLA-DR as a pan-marker for APCs, pimecrolimus caused marginally less depletion than triamcinolone (P=0.013). Using anti-CD83 as a maturation marker, UV-irradiated skin treated with pimecrolimus showed more mature LC than skin treated with triamcinolone (P=0.00090)., CONCLUSION: UV-induced changes in LC are minimally affected by pimecrolimus, compared with triamcinolone. Copyright © 2010 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
The effects of dietary and nutrient interventions on arterial stiffness: a systematic review.; BACKGROUND: Although dietary and nutrient interventions have been extensively studied as a means of improving arterial stiffness, to our knowledge no systematic analysis of the data has been conducted., OBJECTIVE: The aim of the current study was to systematically review the human clinical trial data and qualitatively examine the efficacy of dietary and nutrient interventions in the treatment of arterial stiffness., DESIGN: We systematically searched multiple databases until July 2010 for relevant randomized controlled human clinical trials of common dietary and nutrient interventions in the treatment of arterial stiffness. Located studies were subject to strict inclusion criteria and objectively assessed for scientific quality., RESULTS: Of the 75 relevant studies located, we considered 38 studies to be appropriate for review. Results revealed support for intakes of omega-3 (n-3) fish oils (Cohen's d = 0.21-0.81) and soy isoflavones (Cohen's d = 0.35-0.39) in the treatment of arterial stiffness. There was limited but consistent evidence to suggest that salt restriction (Cohen's d = 0.28-0.37) as well as consumption of fermented-milk products (Cohen's d = 0.15-0.33) that contain bioactive peptides improved arterial stiffness. The evidentiary support for intakes of vitamins, micronutrients, and herbal medicines was insufficient. Limited but consistent evidence suggested that caffeine intake acutely increased arterial stiffness (Cohen's d = 0.34-0.51)., CONCLUSIONS: Current evidence from several small studies suggests that omega-3 and soy isoflavone supplementation provides an effective means of reducing arterial stiffness. There was little research that explored intakes of herbal medicines or micronutrients in the treatment of arterial stiffness, and this remains an area of potential research.
Disposition of soy isoflavones in normal human breast tissue.; BACKGROUND: Despite decades of research on the relation between soy and breast cancer, questions regarding the absorption, metabolism, and distribution of isoflavones in breast tissue largely remain unanswered., OBJECTIVE: We evaluated the potential health effects of isoflavone consumption on normal breast tissue; isoflavone concentrations, metabolites, and biodistribution were investigated and compared with 17beta-estradiol exposure., DESIGN: In this dietary intervention study, healthy women were randomly allocated to a soy milk (n = 11; 16.98-mg genistein and 5.40-mg daidzein aglycone equivalents per dose), soy supplement (n = 10; 5.27-mg genistein and 17.56-mg daidzein aglycone equivalents per dose), or control (n = 10) group. After a run-in period > or = 4 d, 3 doses of soy milk or soy supplements were taken daily for 5 d before an esthetic breast reduction. Blood and breast biopsies were collected during surgery and analyzed with liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry., RESULTS: After soy administration, genistein and total daidzein concentrations, which were expressed as aglycone equivalents, ranged from 135.1 to 2831 nmol/L and 105.1 to 1397 nmol/L, respectively, in hydrolyzed serum and from 92.33 to 493.8 pmol/g and 22.15 to 770.8 pmol/g, respectively, in hydrolyzed breast tissue. The major metabolites identified in nonhydrolyzed samples were genistein-7-O-glucuronide and daidzein-7-O-glucuronide, with an overall glucuronidation of 98%. Total isoflavones showed a breast adipose/glandular tissue distribution of 40:60, and their mean (+/-SEM) derived 17beta-estradiol equivalents toward estrogen receptor beta were 21 +/- 4-fold and 40 +/- 10-fold higher than the 17beta-estradiol concentrations in adipose (0.283 +/- 0.089 pmol/g, P < 0.001) and glandular (0.246 +/- 0.091 pmol/g, P = 0.001) fractions, respectively., CONCLUSION: After intake of soy milk and soy supplements, isoflavones reach exposure levels in breast tissue at which potential health effects may occur.
A randomized, controlled, double-blind, pilot study of milk thistle for the treatment of hepatotoxicity in childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL).; BACKGROUND: Despite limited preclinical and clinical investigations, milk thistle (MT) is often used for the treatment of chemotherapy-associated hepatotoxicity. Limited treatment options exist for chemotherapy-related hepatoxicity. Given the wide use of MT, the authors investigated MT in both the laboratory and a clinical setting., METHODS: In a double-blind study, children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) and hepatic toxicity were randomized to MT or placebo orally for 28 days. Liver function tests were evaluated during the study period. To assess MT in vitro, the authors evaluated supratherapeutic concentrations in an ALL cell line., RESULTS: Fifty children were enrolled. No significant differences in frequency of side effects, incidence and severity of toxicities, or infections were observed between groups. There were no significant changes in mean amino alanine transferase (ALT), aspartate amino transferase (AST), or total bilirubin (TB) at Day 28. At Day 56, the MT group had a significantly lower AST (P = .05) and a trend toward a significantly lower ALT (P = .07). Although not significantly different, chemotherapy doses were reduced in 61% of the MT group compared with 72% of the placebo group. In vitro experiments revealed no antagonistic interactions between MT and vincristine or L-asparaginase in CCRF-CEM cells. A modest synergistic effect with vincristine was observed., CONCLUSIONS: In children with ALL and liver toxicity, MT was associated with a trend toward significant reductions in liver toxicity. MT did not antagonize the effects of chemotherapy agents used for the treatment of ALL. Future study is needed to determine the most effective dose and duration of MT and its effect on hepatotoxicity and leukemia-free survival.
[Necrotizing enterocolitis among preterm newborns with early feeding].; INTRODUCTION: The development of necrotizing enterocolitis is a common and serious risk to newborns. It is caused by splanchnic bed vasoconstriction that can produce intestinal necrosis. The role of onset time, type and, speed enhancements of The factors of enteral feeding related with necrotizing enterocolitis genesis such as feeding onset, type and frequency are not well understood., OBJECTIVE: The incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis and mortality among infants will be compared in infants whose enteral feeding was initiated 48 hours after birth to those whose feeding began on day 5 postpartum., MATERIALS AND METHODS: A controlled clinical trial was conducted among 239 newborns weighing between 750-1,500 g and a gestation age of 27-32 weeks of gestational age. The infants were randomly assigned to two groups--135 to an early feeding regime and 104 to delayed feeding. Breast milk or formula milk was used. Feeding was begun with one ml every six hours, progressing to three hour intervals and 20 ml/kg daily. This was increased to 150 ml/kg-d if the infant condition remained stable and it manifested no oral intolerance., RESULTS: In the early feeding group, 14 (10;4 %) necrotizing enterocolitis cases occurred, and in the late feeding group, 9 (8.7 %) occurred (RR= 1.22, 95 % CI 0.49-3.20, p= 0.65). Five children died in early feeding group (3.7 %, 95% CI 1.4-8.9) and eight in late feeding group (7.7 %, 95 % CI 3.6-15.0, RR=0.46, 95 % CI 0.12-1,60, p= 0.18)., CONCLUSION: Early enteral feeding in preterm newborns does not increase the risk of necrotizing enterocolitis or mortality among them; however it represents nutritional advantages for these infants.
Reduction of LDL-cholesterol in mildly hypercholesterolemic Thais with plant stanol ester-fortified soy milk.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effects of soy milk fortified with plant stanol ester on changes in LDL-cholesterol, fat-soluble vitamins and sex hormones in Thai volunteers., MATERIAL AND METHOD: In a double-blind, placebo-controlled study, 120 mildly hypercholesterolemic Thais were randomly assigned to stanol and control groups that were comparable in lipid profile and body mass index. Subjects consumed regular or 2g stanol-containing soymilk once a day and postprandially for six weeks. The serum lipid profile was measured at weeks 0, 2 and 6; serum fat-soluble vitamins and sex hormones were measured at weeks 0 and 6., RESULTS: The mean reduction in total cholesterol was 8.2 % in the stanol group (p < 0.0001) and 0.6% in the control group. LDL-cholesterol declined in both groups at week two, but the reduction was maintained to week six only in the stanol group. The mean reduction in LDL-cholesterol was 13.5% in the stanol group (p < 0.0001) at week 6, compared to a 4.6% decrease in the control group. Adjusted serum beta-cryptoxantene and beta-carotene levels decreased at week six for the stanol group. Serum sex hormone levels in both groups remained unchanged., CONCLUSION: Consumption of stanol-ester-containing soymilk for six weeks significantly reduced LDL-cholesterol in mildly hypercholesterolemic Thais. No adverse effect on sex hormones was observed However, stanol-ester consumers are at risk of fat-soluble-vitamin deficiencies if the vitamin intake from foods is inadequate.
Consumption of milk-protein combined with green tea modulates diet-induced thermogenesis.; Green tea and protein separately are able to increase diet-induced thermogenesis. Although their effects on long-term weight-maintenance were present separately, they were not additive. Therefore, the effect of milk-protein (MP) in combination with green tea on diet-induced thermogenesis (DIT) was examined in 18 subjects (aged 18-60 years; BMI: 23.0 +/- 2.1 kg/m(2)). They participated in an experiment with a randomized, 6 arms, crossover design, where energy expenditure and respiratory quotient (RQ) were measured. Green tea (GT)vs. placebo (PL) capsules were either given in combination with water or with breakfasts containing milk protein in two different dosages: 15 g (15 MP) (energy% P/C/F: 15/47/38; 1.7 MJ/500 mL), and 3.5 g (3.5 MP) (energy% P/C/F: 41/59/0; 146.4 kJ/100 mL). After measuring resting energy expenditure (REE) for 30 min, diet-induced energy expenditure was measured for another 3.5 h after the intervention. There was an overall significant difference observed between conditions (p < 0.001). Post-hoc, areas under the curve (AUCs) for diet-induced energy expenditure were significantly different (P <= 0.001) for GT + water (41.11 [91.72] kJ.3.5 h) vs. PL + water (10.86 [28.13] kJ.3.5 h), GT + 3.5 MP (10.14 [54.59] kJ.3.5 h) and PL + 3.5 MP (12.03 [34.09] kJ.3.5 h), but not between GT + 3.5 MP, PL + 3.5 MP and PL + water, indicating that MP inhibited DIT following GT. DIT after GT + 15 MP (167.69 [141.56] kJ.3.5 h) and PL + 15 MP (168.99 [186.56] kJ.3.5 h) was significantly increased vs. PL + water (P < 0.001), but these were not different from each other indicating that 15 g MP stimulated DIT, but inhibited the GT effect on DIT. No significant differences in RQ were seen between conditions for baseline and post-treatment. In conclusion, consumption of milk-protein inhibits the effect of green tea on DIT.
The effects of varying protein and energy intakes on the growth and body composition of very low birth weight infants.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the effects of high dietary protein and energy intake on the growth and body composition of very low birth weight (VLBW) infants., STUDY DESIGN: Thirty-eight VLBW infants whose weights were appropriate for their gestational ages were assessed for when they could tolerate oral intake for all their nutritional needs. Thirty-two infants were included in a longitudinal, randomized clinical trial over an approximate 28-day period. One control diet (standard preterm formula, group A, n = 8, 3.7 g/kg/d of protein and 129 kcal/kg/d) and two high-energy and high-protein diets (group B, n = 12, 4.2 g/kg/d and 150 kcal/kg/d; group C, n = 12, 4.7 g/kg/d and 150 kcal/kg/d) were compared. Differences among groups in anthropometry and body composition (measured with bioelectrical impedance analysis) were determined. An enriched breast milk group (n = 6) served as a descriptive reference group., RESULTS: Groups B and C displayed greater weight gains and higher increases in fat-free mass than group A., CONCLUSION: An intake of 150 kcal/kg/d of energy and 4.2 g/kg/d of protein increases fat-free mass accretion in VLBW infants.
Regular consumption of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink (Doogh) improved endothelial biomarkers in subjects with type 2 diabetes: a randomized double-blind clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: Endothelial dysfunction has been proposed as the underlying cause of diabetic angiopathy that eventually leads to cardiovascular disease, the major cause of death in diabetes. We recently demonstrated the ameliorating effect of regular vitamin D intake on the glycemic status of patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). In this study, the effects of improvement of vitamin D status on glycemic status, lipid profile and endothelial biomarkers in T2D subjects were investigated., METHODS: Subjects with T2D were randomly allocated to one of the two groups to receive either plain yogurt drink (PYD; containing 170 mg calcium and no vitamin D/250 mL, n1 = 50) or vitamin D3-fortified yogurt drink (FYD; containing 170 mg calcium and 500 IU/250 mL, n2 = 50) twice a day for 12 weeks. Anthropometric measures, glycemic status, lipid profile, body fat mass (FM) and endothelial biomarkers including serum endothelin-1, E-selectin and matrix metalloproteinase (MMP)-9 were evaluated at the beginning and after the 12-week intervention period., RESULTS: The intervention resulted in a significant improvement in fasting glucose, the Quantitative Insulin Check Index (QUICKI), glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), triacylglycerols, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), endothelin-1, E-selectin and MMP-9 in FYD compared to PYD (P < 0.05, for all). Interestingly, difference in changes of endothelin-1, E-selectin and MMP-9 concentrations in FYD compared to PYD (-0.35 +/- 0.63 versus -0.03 +/- 0.55, P = 0.028; -3.8 +/- 7.3 versus 0.95 +/- 8.3, P = 0.003 and -2.3 +/- 3.7 versus 0.44 +/- 7.1 ng/mL, respectively, P < 0.05 for all), even after controlling for changes of QUICKI, FM and waist circumference, remained significant for endothelin-1 and MMP-9 (P = 0.009 and P = 0.005, respectively) but disappeared for E-selectin (P = 0.092). On the contrary, after controlling for serum 25(OH)D, the differences disappeared for endothelin-1(P = 0.066) and MMP-9 (P = 0.277) but still remained significant for E-selectin (P = 0.011)., CONCLUSIONS: Ameliorated vitamin D status was accompanied by improved glycemic status, lipid profile and endothelial biomarkers in T2D subjects. Our findings suggest both direct and indirect ameliorating effects of vitamin D on the endothelial biomarkers., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT01236846.
A pilot study to evaluate the effect of soy isolate protein on the serum lipid profile and other potential cardiovascular risk markers in moderately hypercholesterolemic Chinese adults.; This article examines the effect of soy isolate protein on the serum lipids and other potential cardiovascular risk markers in 90 moderately hypercholesterolemic Chinese adults (64 women and 26 men, aged 25 to 70 years). Fasting blood samples were taken before and after consuming 24 g of protein supplied by soy isolate protein supplement (including 18 g soy protein and 6 g milk protein) or milk protein supplement daily for 8 weeks. Dietary intake was assessed by a 3-day record collected at baseline, week 4, and week 8 of the study. The results indicate that the two kinds of protein can modestly improve serum lipids and markers associated with obesity and inflammation.
Cheese intake in large amounts lowers LDL-cholesterol concentrations compared with butter intake of equal fat content.; BACKGROUND: Despite its high content of saturated fatty acids, cheese does not seem to increase plasma total and LDL-cholesterol concentrations when compared with an equivalent intake of fat from butter. This effect may be due to the high calcium content of cheese, which results in a higher excretion of fecal fat., OBJECTIVES: The objective was to compare the effects of diets of equal fat content rich in either hard cheese or butter or a habitual diet on blood pressure and fasting serum blood lipids, C-reactive protein, glucose, and insulin. We also examined whether fecal fat excretion differs with the consumption of cheese or butter., DESIGN: The study was a randomized dietary intervention consisting of two 6-wk crossover periods and a 14-d run-in period during which the subjects consumed their habitual diet. The study included 49 men and women who replaced part of their habitual dietary fat intake with 13% of energy from cheese or butter., RESULTS: After 6 wk, the cheese intervention resulted in lower serum total, LDL-, and HDL-cholesterol concentrations and higher glucose concentrations than did the butter intervention. Cheese intake did not increase serum total or LDL-cholesterol concentrations compared with the run-in period, during which total fat and saturated fat intakes were lower. Fecal fat excretion did not differ between the cheese and butter periods., CONCLUSION: Cheese lowers LDL cholesterol when compared with butter intake of equal fat content and does not increase LDL cholesterol compared with a habitual diet. This trial is registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01140165.
Optimizing dietary fat in a weight-loss trial requires advice based on a structured "whole-of-diet" model.; Dietary trials may link macronutrient intakes to health outcomes, but adherence to dietary targets requires advice based on an understanding of food composition and consumption patterns. Using data from a weight loss trial, we hypothesized that structured advice would be required for significant fat modification to occur. We compared participants' food choice patterns in response to advice based on a structured "whole-of-diet" model vs a general approach to healthy eating. Overweight participants (n = 122) were randomized to 2 advice arms (saturated fat [SFA] < 10% energy [E]): (1) general low fat (LF) control-(a) isoenergy, (b) -2000 kJ; and (2) structured LF high polyunsaturated fat (PUFA) (~10% energy PUFA; PUFA to SFA ratio >=1) (LF-PUFA)-(a) isoenergy, (b) -2000 kJ. Intakes of E and fat and fat from food groups (percentage of total fat intake) were compared at baseline, 3 months, P < .05. Baseline diets were similar, with most fat from high-SFA foods (59%): meat and milk-based staple meals and high-fat snacks. By 3 months, all groups reduced E and met the SFA target. Polyunsaturated fat targets were met by the LF-PUFA groups only (P < .001), enabling targeted between-group differences. In response to general advice, LF groups simply switched to LF alternatives of the same foods (P < .05). In comparison, LF-PUFA groups shifted fat intake to high-PUFA choices (54%), consuming more fat than controls from nuts (P < .001), whole grains (P < .001), and oils and spreads (P < .05). Significant reductions in E were achieved regardless of advice, but significant shifts in dietary fat profile relied on structured whole-of-diet advice on a range of meal and snack food sources of fat subtypes. Crown Copyright © 2011. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of intracellular superoxide removal at acupoints with TAT-SOD on obesity.; TAT-SOD is a recombinant protein of superoxide dismutase fused with TAT peptide. By pure accident, we discovered that topical application of TAT-SOD to acupoints could result in acupuncture-like action. This study aimed to validate the accidental discovery by investigating the effect on simple obesity of the topical application of TAT-SOD to acupoints in comparison with acupuncture. 90 subjects were divided into 3 groups for 12-week treatments. Regular hospital acupuncture treatment was given to Acupuncture Group 3 times a week. TAT-SOD Group were instructed first to locate acupoints and apply 0.1ml of 5000u SOD/ml TAT-SOD cream in an area of 1cm(2) to each of the same set of acupoints, which they then conducted at home three times daily. Placebo Group applied the vehicle cream the same manner as TAT-SOD Group. Both TAT-SOD and acupuncture treatments decreased adiposity with overall clinical effective rates of 60.0% and 76.7%, respectively. The placebo group showed no improvement. The results validate that the enzymatic removal of the intracellular superoxide at acupoints could generate acupuncture-like effects, and indicate a possibility of the new method as a simple substitute to acupuncture and an insight of superoxide modulation along meridians for acupuncture mechanism. Copyright © 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Do topical anesthetics reduce periareolar injectional pain before sentinel lymph node biopsy?.; BACKGROUND: Topical anesthetics have been used in various procedures. The purpose of this study was to evaluate efficacy of lidocaine/prilocaine cream in decreasing the pain of injection for sentinel lymph node biopsy., METHODS: A prospective, randomized, placebo-controlled study was conducted on female breast cancer patients undergoing periareolar injection for sentinel lymph node isolation. Subjects applied lidocaine/prilocaine cream or a placebo cream before injection and completed a survey postoperatively., RESULTS: Twenty treatment and 19 control patients were studied. There was a trend for control subjects to indicate that the injection was "painful" or "extremely painful" more often than treatment subjects (52.6% vs 25.0%, respectively, P = .074). The treatment group was more likely to recommend the cream to other cancer patients (70.0% vs 42.1%), with a trend toward significance (P = .076)., CONCLUSIONS: This study showed no statistically significant reduction in pain scores in subjects receiving the topical anesthetic. Further studies targeting patients with low pain tolerance may prove more effective. Copyright © 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Differential effects of dietary protein sources on postprandial low-grade inflammation after a single high fat meal in obese non-diabetic subjects.; BACKGROUND: Obesity is a state of chronic low-grade inflammation. Chronic low-grade inflammation is associated with the pathophysiology of both type-2 diabetes and atherosclerosis. Prevention or reduction of chronic low-grade inflammation may be advantageous in relation to obesity related co-morbidity. In this study we investigated the acute effect of dietary protein sources on postprandial low-grade inflammatory markers after a high-fat meal in obese non-diabetic subjects., METHODS: We conducted a randomized, acute clinical intervention study in a crossover design. We supplemented a fat rich mixed meal with one of four dietary proteins - cod protein, whey isolate, gluten or casein. 11 obese non-diabetic subjects (age: 40-68, BMI: 30.3-42.0 kg/m2) participated and blood samples were drawn in the 4 h postprandial period. Adiponectin was estimated by ELISA methods and cytokines were analyzed by multiplex assay., RESULTS: MCP-1 and CCL5/RANTES displayed significant postprandial dynamics. CCL5/RANTES initially increased after all meals, but overall CCL5/RANTES incremental area under the curve (iAUC) was significantly lower after the whey meal compared with the cod and casein meals (P = 0.0053). MCP-1 was initially suppressed after all protein meals. However, the iAUC was significantly higher after whey meal compared to the cod and gluten meals (P = 0.04)., CONCLUSION: We have demonstrated acute differential effects on postprandial low grade inflammation of four dietary proteins in obese non-diabetic subjects. CCL5/RANTES initially increased after all meals but the smallest overall postprandial increase was observed after the whey meal. MCP-1 was initially suppressed after all 4 protein meals and the whey meal caused the smallest overall postprandial suppression., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov ID: NCT00863564.
School meals and policy on promoting healthy eating in schools in Poland.; AIM: to diagnose the situation regarding the infrastructure, organization of school meals, the kind of products available for students at school and the school policy on the promotion of healthy eating in the context of the increasing frequency of obesity among children and young people., METHOD AND MATERIAL: The research tool was the questionnaire "School environment and health", including a section on the facilities, organization of meals and the school's policy on healthy eating. It made use of the questions from the international HBSC (Health Behaviour in School-aged Children) school questionnaire. The anonymous questionnaire was sent out by post and was returned by 520 head masters of primary, lower-secondary and cluster schools. This means that 74.3% of the randomly chosen sample of schools responded., RESULTS: Almost 2/3 of the schools had a canteen and a school store. Hot meals were served in 84% of the schools but only in 28% of them to more than 50% of the students. School breakfast was organized by half of the schools of which 23% had it in all the classes. Almost all the schools served free meals for students with special needs. Most schools, particularly lower-secondary provided access to sweets, sweet drinks and salty snacks. Only 7-25% of schools have a written policy on limiting such products and increasing the consumption of fruits, vegetables, milk and whole-grain bread products. In on going national programmes: "A Glass of Milk" had a 74% participation rate (only 25% of the lower-secondary schools) and "Fruits in School" 38% (6% lower-secondary schools). The "Keep Fit" educational programme was implemented in 28% of primary schools and in 72% of lower-secondary schools., CONCLUSIONS: The majority of schools in Poland still do not appreciate the need for all students to eat a meal in school and have not become involved in prophylactic activities designed to prevent obesity. The undertaken activities are incoherent. There is a need to create a policy on healthy nutrition at school at the national, regional, local and school level.
Post term dietary-induced changes in DHA and AA status relate to gains in weight, length, and head circumference in preterm infants.; Preterms need supplementation with docosahexaenoic (DHA) and arachidonic (AA) acids to prevent steep postnatal declines. Associations between growth and erythrocyte (RBC) DHA and AA were studied in 139 preterms (51% male, gestational age 30.3+/-1.5 weeks, birth weight 1341+/-288g) fed human milk with breast milk fortifier or preterm formula until term, followed by postdischarge formula (PDF; n=52, 0.4% DHA, 0.4% AA), term formula (TF; n=41, 0.2% DHA, 0.2% AA), or human milk (HM; n=46). At six months, PDF resulted in higher RBC-DHA than TF and HM, while RBC-AA was higher than TF, but similar to HM. There were no between-group differences in growth between term and six months. RHC-DHA related positively with gain in weight and length and negatively with gain in head circumference. RBC-AA related positively with gain in head circumference and negatively with gain in weight and length. In conclusion, PDF with higher DHA and AA than TF may promote postnatal growth of preterms. Copyright A© 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Is unimpeded marketing for breast milk substitutes responsible for the decline in breastfeeding in the Philippines? An exploratory survey and focus group analysis.; Infant mortality and morbidity risk is linked to formula usage. The proportion of Filipino infant formula users rose 6% between 2003 and 2008. It is hypothesized this rise resulted from aggressive formula industry marketing. We conducted a household survey between April and December 2006 and focus groups in April-May 2007 in The Philippines to examine the association between mothers' exposure to advertising and other information sources and formula feeding decisions. Sixteen barangays (communities) were randomly selected from three purposively selected disadvantaged rural, urban and mixed municipalities. A total of 345 households had children under 24-months age: 114, 142 and 89 households from the rural, urban and mixed municipalities, respectively. In addition 38 respondents participated in 3 focus groups of 10-15 participants each, from three selected barangays. After adjusting for education and economic indicators logistic regression analysis showed that, children were more likely to be given formula if their mother recalled advertising messages, or a doctor, or mother or relative recommended it. Those using formula were 6.4 (1.8-23.1) times more likely to stop breastfeeding before 12 months. The focus groups described how television advertisements, doctors and medical representatives enticed them to use formula. We conclude that two factors were strongly associated with the decision to formula feed: self-reported advertising exposure, and physicians' recommendations. Copyright A© 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Vitamin A supplementation for the prevention of morbidity and mortality in infants six months of age or less.; BACKGROUND: Vitamin A deficiency is a significant public health problem in low and middle income countries. Vitamin A supplementation (VAS) provided to lactating postpartum mothers or to infants less than six months of age are two possible strategies to improve the nutrition of infants at high risk of vitamin A deficiency and thus potentially reduce their mortality and morbidity., OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the effect of:1. VAS in postpartum breast feeding mothers in low and middle income countries, irrespective of antenatal VAS status, on mortality, morbidity and adverse effects in their infants up until the age of one year.2. VAS initiated in the first half of infancy (< 6 months of age) in low and middle income countries, irrespective of maternal antenatal or postnatal VAS status, on mortality, morbidity and adverse effects up until the age of one year., SEARCH STRATEGY: The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (The Cochrane Library), EMBASE, MEDLINE, clinical trials websites, conference proceedings, donor agencies, 'experts' and researchers (up to October 15, 2010)., SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomized or quasi-randomised, individually or cluster randomised, placebo controlled trials involving synthetic VAS provided to the postpartum mothers or their infants up to the age of six months were eligible., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Two review authors assessed the studies for their risk of bias and collected data on outcomes., MAIN RESULTS: Of the 18 included studies, eight provided information on maternal VAS and 15 on infant VAS.For maternal VAS, there was no evidence of a reduced risk of mortality of their babies during infancy (96,203 participants, seven studies, high quality evidence; random-effects model RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.94 to 1.06, P = 0.9; test of heterogeneity I(2) = 0%, P = 0.9) or in the neonatal period (moderate quality evidence); nor of morbidities (very low quality evidence). For infant VAS, there was no evidence of a reduced risk of mortality during infancy (59,402 participants, nine studies, moderate quality evidence; random-effects model RR 0.97, 0.83 to 1.12, P = 0.65; test of heterogeneity I(2) = 49%, P = 0.05) or in the neonatal period, nor morbidities (low quality evidence), but an increased risk of bulging fontanelle (32,978 participants, 10 studies, low quality evidence; random-effects model RR 1.55, 1.05 to 2.28, P = 0.03; test of heterogeneity I(2) = 68%, P = 0.0009)., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: There is no convincing evidence that either maternal postpartum or infant vitamin A supplementation results in a reduction in infant mortality or morbidity in low and middle income countries.
Intake of milk with added micronutrients increases the effectiveness of an energy-restricted diet to reduce body weight: a randomized controlled clinical trial in Mexican women.; BACKGROUND: Micronutrient deficiencies have been associated with an increase in fat deposition and body weight; thus, adding them to low-fat milk may facilitate weight loss when accompanied by an energy-restricted diet., OBJECTIVE: The objective was to evaluate the effect of the intake of low-fat milk and low-fat milk with added micronutrients on anthropometrics, body composition, blood glucose levels, lipids profile, C-reactive protein, and blood pressure of women following an energy-restricted diet., DESIGN: A 16-week randomized, controlled intervention study., PARTICIPANTS/SETTINGS: One hundred thirty-nine obese women (aged 34+/-6 years) from five rural communities in Queretaro, Mexico., INTERVENTION: Women followed an energy-restricted diet (-500 kcal) and received in addition one of the following treatments: 250 mL of low-fat milk (LFM) three times/day, 250 mL of low-fat milk with micronutrients (LFM+M) three times/day, or a no milk control group (CON). Weight, height, and hip and waist circumferences were measured at baseline and every 4 weeks. Body composition measured by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, blood pressure, and blood analysis were done at baseline and at the end of the 16 weeks., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Changes in weight and body composition., STATISTICAL ANALYSIS: One-factor analysis of variance, adjusted by age, baseline values, and community random effects., RESULTS: After the 16-week intervention, participants in the LFM+M group lost significantly more weight (-5.1 kg; 95% CI: -6.2 to -4.1) compared with LFM (-3.6 kg; 95% CI: -4.7 to -2.6) and CON (-3.2 kg; 95% CI: -4.3 to -2.2) group members (P=0.035). Body mass index change in the LFM+M group (-2.3; 95% CI: -2.7 to -1.8) was significantly greater than LFM group members (-1.5; 95% CI: -2.0 to -1.1) and CON group members (-1.4; 95% CI: -1.9 to -0.9) (P=0.022). Change in percent body fat among LFM+M group members (-2.7%; 95% CI: -3.2 to -2.1) was significantly higher than LFM group members (-1.8%; 95% CI: -2.3 to -1.3) and CON group members (-1.6%; 95% CI: -2.2 to -1.0) (P=0.019). Change in bone mineral content was significantly higher in LFM group members (29 mg; 95% CI: 15 to 44) and LFM+M group members (27 mg; 95% CI: 13 to 41) compared with CON group members (-2 mg; 95% CI: -17 to -14) (P=0.007). No differences were found between groups in glucose level, blood lipid profile, C-reactive protein level, or blood pressure., CONCLUSIONS: Intake of LFM+M increases the effectiveness of an energy-restricted diet to treat obesity, but had no effect on blood lipid levels, glucose levels, C-reactive protein, or blood pressure. Copyright © 2011 American Dietetic Association. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Soy isoflavone phase II metabolism differs between rodents and humans: implications for the effect on breast cancer risk.; BACKGROUND: Human and animal studies have produced conflicting results with regard to the effect of soy isoflavones on breast cancer risk. This may be due to differences in isoflavone metabolism., OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to determine whether soy isoflavone phase II metabolism differs between humans and rodents., DESIGN: Circulating total and unconjugated isoflavone concentrations were determined by mass spectrometry in plasma samples from 7 separate studies: 1) in Sprague-Dawley rats and in 3 strains of mice fed commercial soy-containing diets; 2) in Sprague-Dawley rats gavaged with genistein; 3) in healthy adults who consumed single servings of soy nuts, soy milk, and tempeh; 4) in healthy adults subchronically given soy milk; 5) in healthy women orally administered 50 mg genistein; 6) in healthy women orally administered 20 mg pure S-(-)equol; and 7) in 6-mo-old infants fed soy infant formula and later, at age 3 y, a soy germ isoflavone supplement., RESULTS: The proportion of unconjugated genistein in plasma from adults and infants who consumed different soy foods, pure genistein, or an isoflavone supplement was <1% in steady state and <2% at peak concentrations. By contrast, rodents fed soy-containing diets conjugate isoflavones less efficiently. The plasma percentages of unconjugated genistein concentrations in Sprague-Dawley rats and C57BL/6, nude, and transgenic AngptL4B6 mice were 4.0 +/- 0.6%, 4.6 +/- 0.6%, 11.6 +/- 0%, and 30.1 +/- 4.3%, respectively, which represent 20, 23, 58, and 150 times that in humans., CONCLUSION: The markedly higher circulating concentrations of biologically active (unconjugated) genistein in certain strains of mice cast doubt on the value of the use of these rodents for gaining insight into the effects of isoflavones in humans, especially with regard to the effects on breast tissue.
[Secondary and tertiary prevention of urological tumors].; The amount and quality of available data on secondary and tertiary prevention of urological tumors are to a large extent unsatisfactory. In the areas of nutrition and supplementary diet the consumption of tomatoes and especially tomato products could have a beneficial effect on the course of the disease for patients with prostate cancer, whereas there is evidence that the consumption of foodstuffs containing calcium (milk and milk products) and linolenic acid as well as a fat-rich diet accelerate tumor progression. Despite as yet unsatisfactory data, men with urothelial tumors or prostate cancer should abstain from smoking and undertake sports activities. For medicinal measures the administration of 5-alpha-reductase inhibitors and bone-promoting substances for patients with prostate cancer are under discussion. The effectiveness of the substances zoledronate and denosumab has been demonstrated in prospective randomized studies. The authors recommend that the scientifically neglected field of tertiary prevention of urological tumors should in future be included as a core factor of scientific investigations.
Bioactive properties and clinical safety of a novel milk protein peptide.; BACKGROUND: Milk protein fractions and peptides have been shown to have bioactive properties. This preliminary study examined the potential mechanisms of action and clinical safety of novel milk protein peptide (MP)., FINDINGS: A novel MP mixture inhibits the tyrosine kinase activity of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (VEGFR2), and insulin receptor (IR) with IC50 of 9.85 muM, 7.7 muM, and 6.18 muM respectively. In vitro, this multi-kinase inhibitor causes apoptosis in HT-29 colon cancer cells, and in a C. elegans worm study, showed a weak but significant increase in lifespan. A six week double-blind, placebo-controlled study involving 73 healthy volunteers demonstrated that the MP mixture is safe to consume orally. All clinical blood markers remained within normal levels and no clinically significant side effects were reported. There was some evidence of improved insulin sensitivity, neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio (NLR), and quality of life assessment of role of physical function., CONCLUSIONS: These data in combination with the observed in vitro anti-cancer properties warrant further clinical studies to investigate this MP mixture as a potential clinical nutrition intervention for improving the quality of life and clinical outcomes in cancer patients., TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT01412658.
Calcium, dairy products, and energy balance in overweight adolescents: a controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Dairy product and calcium consumption have been associated with modifying body fat and body weight in children and adults., OBJECTIVE: In overweight adolescent boys and girls, we aimed to determine the effect of the doubling of habitual calcium intake to the recommended intake from dairy or calcium carbonate on energy balance and purported mechanisms including fecal fat excretion, macronutrient use, and parathyroid hormone suppression., DESIGN: Twenty-five girls with a mean (+/-SD) BMI (in kg/m(2)) of 33 +/- 5 and 17 boys with a BMI of 28 +/- 5, aged 12-15 y, participated in two 3-wk controlled feeding sessions that used a crossover design in random order as a summer research camp. In one session, 756 mg Ca/d was consumed; in the other session, an additional 650 mg Ca/d was provided as dairy or calcium carbonate supplements that were matched to the control in macronutrient content. Total energy and macronutrient intakes were controlled and were the same for the 2 sessions for each subject. Primary outcome measures were energy balance, fecal fat excretion, lipid oxidation, and postprandial energy expenditure., RESULTS: There were no effects of quantity or source of calcium on energy or fat balance, despite calcium-induced increases (P <0.01) in postprandial serum parathyroid hormone suppression., CONCLUSION: These data lend little evidence to support the proposed mechanisms for the relation between an increase in calcium intake from calcium carbonate or dairy and weight loss or weight maintenance in children. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00592137.
The introduction of solid food and growth in the first 2 y of life in formula-fed children: analysis of data from a European cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Early introduction of solid food has been suspected to induce excessive infant energy intake and weight gain., OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to test whether introduction of solid foods influences energy intake or growth., DESIGN: Healthy, formula-fed infants who were recruited in 5 European countries were eligible for study participation. Anthropometric measurements were taken at recruitment and at 3, 6, 12, and 24 mo. Time of introduction of solid foods and energy intake were determined by questionnaires and 3-d weighed food records at monthly intervals. Age at introduction of solid food was categorized into 4 groups: <= 13 wk, 14-17 wk, 18-21 wk, and >= 22 wk., RESULTS: Of 1090 recruited infants, 830 (76%) had data available for age at first introduction of solid food, and 671 (61%) completed the study until 24 mo of age. The median age at introduction of solid food was 19 wk. The time of introduction of solid foods was associated with country, sex, birth weight, parental education and marital status, and maternal smoking. Energy intake was higher in the first 8 mo of life in children with solid-food intake. Solid-food introduction did not predict anthropometric measures at 24 mo. Growth trajectories differed significantly: children with solid-food introduction in the first 12 wk experienced early catch-up growth, whereas those introduced to solid food at >22 wk of age grew more slowly and stayed on lower trajectories., CONCLUSIONS: Solid foods do not simply replace infant formula but increase energy intake. Time of introduction of solid food has little influence on infant growth. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00338689.
A pilot study on the effects of a polyherbal formulation cream on diabetic foot ulcers.; BACKGROUND & OBJECTIVES: Diabetic foot ulcers are the most common cause of non-traumatic lower extremity amputations in developing countries. The aim of this pilot study was to evaluate the safety of using a polyherbal formulation in healing diabetic foot ulcers in comparison with standard silver sulphadiazine cream among patients with type 2 diabetes., METHODS: A total of 40 (M:F=29:14) consecutive type 2 diabetes patients with foot ulcers were enrolled in this study. They were randomly assigned to two groups of 20 each; Group 1 was treated with polyherbal formulation and group 2 with silver sulphadiazine cream. All the patients were followed up for a period of 5 months. The baseline ulcer size was noted and photograph of the wound was taken at the baseline and at each follow up visit. Number of days taken for healing of the wound was recorded., RESULTS: The mean age of patients, duration of diabetes and HbA1c% were similar in both the study groups. The mean length and width of the ulcers was also similar in both the groups at baseline visit. There was a significant decrease in the size of the wound (length and width) in both the study groups (P<0.001). The mean time taken for the healing of the ulcer was around 43 days in both groups., INTERPRETATION & CONCLUSIONS: Diabetic wound cream prepared by using polyherbal formulation was found to be effective as well as safe in healing diabetic foot ulcers like the standard silver sulphadiazine cream.
Effect of soy drink replacement in a weight reducing diet on anthropometric values and blood pressure among overweight and obese female youths.; BACKGROUND: Soy drink replacement in the diet might have beneficial effects on anthropometric and blood pressure values for overweight and obese subjects. Therefore, we are going to determine the effects of soy drink replacements on the weight, waist circumference and blood pressure among overweight and obese female youths., PATIENTS AND METHODS: This was a cross-over randomized clinical trial on 23 overweight and obese female subjects. All patients were on a weight reducing diet. There were two trial periods for six weeks (soy drink period and cow's milk period) and a washout period for 3 weeks. In the soy drink period only one glass of soy drink (240 cc) was consumed instead of one glass of cow's milk., RESULTS: The mean age of the patients was 22+/-2 years. Mean of BMI was 28.1+/-0.5. Weight and waist circumference did not changed significantly after the soy drink period compared to the cow's milk period. Systolic blood pressure reduced significantly following the soy drink period (mean percent change in soy drink period: -4.0+/-0.9 vs -1.7+/-0.5 in the cow's milk period; p<0.05). Diastolic blood pressure also reduced in the soy drink period (-0.4+/-0.1 vs 0.4+/-0.1; p<0.05)., CONCLUSION: Soy drink replacement could reduce both systolic and diastolic blood pressure among overweight and obese female youths. However, this replacement had no significant results on weight and waist circumference.
Milk protein intake, the metabolic-endocrine response, and growth in infancy: data from a randomized clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: Protein intake in early infancy has been suggested to be an important risk factor for later obesity, but information on potential mechanisms is very limited., OBJECTIVE: This study examined the influence of protein intake in infancy on serum amino acids, insulin, and the insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) axis and its possible relation to growth in the first 2 y of life., DESIGN: In a multicenter European study, 1138 healthy, formula-fed infants were randomly assigned to receive cow-milk-based infant and follow-on formulas with lower protein (LP; 1.77 and 2.2 g protein/100 kcal) or higher protein (HP; 2.9 and 4.4 g protein/100 kcal) contents for the first year. Biochemical variables were measured at age 6 mo in 339 infants receiving LP formula and 333 infants receiving HP formula and in 237 breastfed infants., RESULTS: Essential amino acids, especially branched-chain amino acids, IGF-I, and urinary C-peptide:creatinine ratio, were significantly (P < 0.001) higher in the HP group than in the LP group, whereas IGF-binding protein (IGF-BP) 2 was lower and IGF-BP3 did not differ significantly. The median IGF-I total serum concentration was 48.4 ng/mL (25th, 75th percentile: 27.2, 81.8 ng/mL) in the HP group and 34.7 ng/mL (17.7, 57.5 ng/mL) in the LP group; the urine C-peptide:creatinine ratios were 140.6 ng/mg (80.0, 203.8 ng/mg) and 107.3 ng/mg (65.2, 194.7 ng/mg), respectively. Most essential amino acids, IGF-I, C-peptide, and urea increased significantly in both the LP and HP groups compared with the breastfed group. Total IGF-I was significantly associated with growth until 6 mo but not thereafter., CONCLUSIONS: HP intake stimulates the IGF-I axis and insulin release in infancy. IGF-I enhances growth during the first 6 mo of life. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00338689.
Long-term effects of hydrolyzed protein infant formulas on growth--extended follow-up to 10 y of age: results from the German Infant Nutritional Intervention (GINI) study.; BACKGROUND: Previous analysis in a prospective, population-based cohort reported reduced weight gain in children fed extensively hydrolyzed casein (eHF-C) formula during the first year of life but showed no effect on growth between 1 and 6 y of life. No studies have been conducted in children up to the age of 10 y., OBJECTIVE: The objective was to investigate potential differences in body mass index (BMI) over the first 10 y of life between infants fed within the intervention period of the first 16 wk of life with partially hydrolyzed whey (pHF-W), extensively hydrolyzed whey (eHF-W), eHF-C, or cow-milk formula (CMF) and infants exclusively breastfed (BF) within the intervention period., DESIGN: This was a prospective, randomized, double-blind trial in full-term neonates with atopic heredity in the German birth cohort German Infant Nutritional Intervention (GINI) followed through the first 10 y of life. Analyses of absolute and World Health Organization (WHO)-standardized BMI trajectories for 1840 infants [pHF-W (n = 253), eHF-W (n = 265), eHF-C (n = 250), CMF (n = 276), and BF (n = 796)] were conducted according to intention-to-treat principles., RESULTS: Except for the previously reported slower BMI gain in infants fed with eHF-C formula within the first year of life, no significant differences in absolute or WHO-standardized BMI trajectories were shown between the pHF-W, eHF-W, eHF-C, CMF, and BF groups thereafter up to the age of 10 y., CONCLUSIONS: Extension of the follow-up period from 6 to 10 y for this randomized controlled trial showed no long-term consequences on BMI for the 4 infant formulas considered. These data need to be confirmed in future studies.
Contributions of fat and protein to the incretin effect of a mixed meal.; BACKGROUND: The relative contributions of fat and protein to the incretin effect are still largely unknown., OBJECTIVE: This study assessed the incretin effects elicited by a mixed meal, and by its fat and protein components alone, with the use of a hyperglycemic clamp combined with oral nutrients., DESIGN: Eight healthy volunteers were studied over 6 h after ingestion of a sandwich containing 1) dried meat, butter, and white bread; 2) dried meat alone; 3) butter alone; or 4) no meal (fasting control). Meals were ingested during a hyperglycemic clamp, and the incretin effect was calculated as the increment in plasma insulin after food intake relative to the concentrations observed during the control study., RESULTS: A significant augmentation of postprandial insulin secretion, independent of plasma glycemia, occurred after ingestion of the mixed nutrients and the lipid component of the mixed meal (203 +/- 20.7% and 167.4 +/- 22.9% of control, respectively; both P < 0.05), whereas the protein component did not induce a significant incretin effect (129.0 +/- 7.9% of control; P = 0.6), CONCLUSIONS: Fat ingestion, in an amount typical of a standard meal, increases insulin secretion during physiologic hyperglycemia and thus contributes to the incretin effect. In contrast, ingestion of protein typical of normal meals does not contribute to the augmentation of postprandial insulin secretion. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00869453.
Topical use of a silymarin-based preparation to prevent radiodermatitis : results of a prospective study in breast cancer patients.; PURPOSE: More than 80% of patients with breast cancer undergoing postsurgical radiotherapy (RT) will develop radiodermatitis and approximately 10% of these patients show grade 3 lesions. Side effects may reduce the patient's compliance and can be limiting factors to follow RT protocols. Therefore, there is a high need for more effective prophylactic treatments. In this study, a silymarin-based cream (Leviaderm( R)) was tested in comparison to our standard of care (SOC) at the involved site., METHODS: A total of 101 patients were evaluated after breast-conserving surgery followed by RT with 50.4 Gy plus boost 9-16 Gy. Of these, 51 patients were treated with the silymarin-based cream. In addition, 50 patients were documented receiving a panthenol-containing cream interventionally, if local skin lesions occurred. The acute skin reactions were classified according to the RTOG and VAS (Visual Analogue Scale) scores., RESULTS: The median time to toxicity was prolonged significantly with silymarin-based cream (45 vs. 29 days (SOC), p < 0.0001). Only 9.8% of patients using silymarin-based cream showed grade 2 toxicity in week 5 of RT in comparison to 52% with SOC. At the end of RT, 23.5% of patients in the silymarin-based study group developed no skin reactions vs. 2% with SOC, while grade 3 toxicity occurred only in 2% in the silymarin-based arm compared to 28% (SOC)., CONCLUSIONS: Silymarin-based cream Leviaderm( R) may be a promising and effective treatment for the prevention of acute skin lesions caused by RT of breast cancer patients. To confirm the results of this nonrandomized, observational trial, this component should be tested in larger multicenter studies in this setting.
Nutrition transition in the United Arab Emirates.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The United Arab Emirates has undergone remarkable economic and social transformations over the past few decades. We present findings on the prevalence of overweight and obesity, dietary and activity patterns among Emiratis in 2009/10, and explore associated urbanization and wealth factors., SUBJECTS/METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted in 628 randomly selected households in all seven emirates. Sociodemographics, 24-h dietary recalls, physical activity and anthropometric data were collected from adult females (>= 19 years), adolescents (11-18 years) and children (6-10 years) in each family via in-person interviews using validated questionnaires., RESULTS: In 2009/10, 65% of adult women, 28% of male adolescents and 40% of female adolescents, 25% of male children and 41% of female children were overweight or obese. 43% of girls and 38% of boys (6-10 years) consumed more calories than their estimated energy requirements. Snacking represents a major source of Emirati caloric intake (>20%) of total calories. In addition, caloric beverages account for 8-14% of total calories. Meanwhile, physical activity levels are low, especially among females Emiratis and those living in urban areas., CONCLUSIONS: These trends represent the potential risk for severe cardiometabolic problems in the United Arab Emirates. The significant gender differentials among children and adolescents are driven by diet and activity differences. More attention should be paid to educate the public on nutrition (for example, limit the consumption of sugared sodas, fruit drinks and whole milk, promote water and low-fat/skim milk consumption instead) and encourage physical activity from a young age, especially among females. Built environments and social support for improved lifestyle choices by individuals are needed.
Randomized, double-blind, controlled, comparative trial of formula food containing soy protein vs. milk protein in visceral fat obesity. -FLAVO study-.; BACKGROUND: The purpose of the present study was to clarify the efficacy of soy at reducing visceral fat. A randomized, double-blind, controlled, comparative trial was carried out to compare formula food containing soy protein (SP) to the same food in which soy was replaced with milk protein (MP)., METHODS AND RESULTS: Forty-eight participants were enrolled for the treatment of visceral fat obesity (visceral fat area >100 cm2 on computed tomography). The SP formula contained 12 g of SP, 9 g of MP, and other nutrients, and was given for 20 weeks in the morning, while in the MP formula SP was replaced with MP. During the 20 weeks of the trial period, visceral fat area and subcutaneous fat area in the MP group were significantly reduced, while those in the SP group did not change as assessed on analysis of covariance. Although waist circumference was reduced in both the SP and MP groups, body weight and body mass index were significantly reduced only in the MP group. Based on a mixed-effects model, the difference in log-transformed visceral fat profiles between the 2 groups was statistically significant (P<0.05), while a negative relationship was observed between the changes in visceral fat and adiponectin in the MP group (P<0.001), but not in the SP group., CONCLUSIONS: Formula food containing MP is superior to that containing SP for reducing visceral and subcutaneous fat.
Effect of dietary protein supplementation on blood pressure: a randomized, controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Observational studies have reported an inverse association between dietary protein intake and blood pressure (BP). We compared the effect of soy protein, milk protein, and carbohydrate supplementation on BP among healthy adults., METHODS AND RESULTS: We conducted a randomized, double-blind crossover trial with 3 intervention phases among 352 adults with prehypertension or stage 1 hypertension in New Orleans, LA, and Jackson, MS, from September 2003 to April 2008. The trial participants were assigned to take 40 g/d soy protein, milk protein, or carbohydrate supplementation each for 8 weeks in a random order. A 3-week washout period was implemented between the interventions. Three BPs were measured at 2 baseline and 2 termination visits during each of 3 intervention phases with a random-zero sphygmomanometer. Compared with carbohydrate controls, soy protein and milk protein supplementations were significantly associated with -2.0 mm Hg (95% confidence interval -3.2 to -0.7 mm Hg, P=0.002) and -2.3 mm Hg (-3.7 to -1.0 mm Hg, P=0.0007) net changes in systolic BP, respectively. Diastolic BP was also reduced, but this change did not reach statistical significance. There was no significant difference in the BP reductions achieved between soy or milk protein supplementation., CONCLUSIONS: The results from this randomized, controlled trial indicate that both soy and milk protein intake reduce systolic BP compared with a high-glycemic-index refined carbohydrate among patients with prehypertension and stage 1 hypertension. Furthermore, these findings suggest that partially replacing carbohydrate with soy or milk protein might be an important component of nutrition intervention strategies for the prevention and treatment of hypertension., CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: URL: http://www.clinicaltrials.gov. Unique identifier: NCT00107744.
Novel probiotic Enterococcus faecium IS-27526 supplementation increased total salivary sIgA level and bodyweight of pre-school children: a pilot study.; Enterococcus faecium IS-27526 is a novel probiotic isolated from dadih, an Indonesian traditional fermented buffalo milk. A 90 days randomized double-blind placebo-controlled study of pre-post trial was conducted in pre-school children with two groups, placebo and probiotic group. Ultra High Temperature low fat milk was used as a carrier in each group. The aims of this study were to investigate the effect of E. faecium IS-27526 in milk on humoral immune response and on bodyweight of pre-school children. Total serum IgA and total salivary sIgA were measured by sandwich ELISA. The bodyweight of young children was measured. The results showed that total serum IgA did not significantly increase in the probiotic group compared with the placebo group. Total salivary sIgA level and the bodyweight significantly increased (p < 0.05) in probiotic groups compared to the placebo. Changes of total salivary sIgA level were significantly higher in underweight children supplemented with probiotic. Weight gain was observed significantly in children with normal bodyweight supplemented with probiotic. Neither mortality nor weight loss was recorded throughout the study. Taken together, novel probiotic E. faecium IS-27526 has significant positive effects on humoral immune response, salivary sIgA, in underweight pre-school children, and on weight gain of pre-school children. Copyright © 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Nutritional intervention and the impact on adherence to treatment in patients with metabolic syndrome.; BACKGROUND: Metabolic syndrome is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular events disease and type 2 diabetes. Treatment includes modifications on life style, diet and physical activity. Treatment adherence plays a crucial role in the successful treatment of this disease., OBJECTIVE: To evaluate two models of dietary intervention, and the relationship with adherence to treatment and impact on clinical improvement of patients with metabolic syndrome., METHODS: Randomized clinical trial, lasting four months. Participants were randomized assigned to the intervention or control group. Both groups were instructed to follow a diet for 4 months. Subjects in the intervention group additionally received an intervention package, with metabolic syndrome manual book, telephone counseling and nutrition education leaflets. In both groups nutritional anamnesis, anthropometric assessment, dietary assessment, individualized dietary and biochemical tests were done., RESULTS: Patients who arrived more motivated were those who has the greatest reduction in the values of body mass index, which decreased from 31.7 kg/m2 (SD +/- 3.9) to 30.9 kg/m2 (SD +/- 3.8), reduction in waist circumference was 108.1 cm (SD +/- 9.8) to 105.9 cm (SD +/- 9.5). The statistically significant associations were in the correlation between body mass index, blood glucose and triglycerides, reducing the consumption of whole milk, increased consumption of whole grains and skimmed milk and between the increase in vegetable intake and reducing triglycerides., CONCLUSION: Both groups showed significant improvement in all clinical parameters that was significantly associated with the previous motivation. Patients who arrived more motivated were those who responded better to treatment.
Randomized, controlled nutrition education trial promotes a Mediterranean diet and improves anthropometric, dietary, and metabolic parameters in adults.; Several studies have shown that uptake of a Mediterranean diet could prevent many chronic diseases, such as cancer. However, the effectiveness of Mediterranean diet promotion interventions has not been well researched. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effectiveness of a nutrition education intervention for promoting the Mediterranean diet, by assessing changes in anthropometric, physical activity, dietetic and metabolic parameters in healthy adult subjects, before and after the intervention. Eighty participants, both sexes, aged 51-59 years, were randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to the intervention or the control group. The intervention group participated in the Med-Food Anticancer Program (MFAP), designed to promote a Mediterranean diet. This was organized into 15 weeks of intensive training and 10 weeks of consolidation. Participants of the two groups were assessed at baseline (T0) and after 25 weeks (T1) for anthropometric, physical activity, dietetic, and metabolic parameters. The hypothesis was that subjects participating in MFAP would show an improvement in these parameters. The primary endpoint was an improvement of the Mediterranean Adequacy Index (MAI), calculated by dividing the percentage of total energy from typical Mediterranean food groups by the percentage of total energy from non-typical Mediterranean food groups. At T1, the intervention group showed a significant decrease in body weight (-8.3%, P = 0.045), body mass index (-12.4%, P = 0.05), cheese (53.0%, P < 0.0001) and meat (-49.3%, P = 0.005) intake, fasting glycaemia (-9.2%, P = 0.012), and fasting insulin (-32.6%, P = 0.014), C-Reactive Protein (-34.0%, P = 0.005). They showed a significant increase in MAI (+213, P < 0.0001), physical activity (expressed in steps per day, +200.4%, P < 0.0001), fruit (+38.8, P < 0.0001), vegetables (29.3%, P < 0.0001), and dietary fiber (+38.6%, P = 0.04) intake. In contrast, the control group presented non-significant variations in measured parameters, for exception of cheese intake (+18.2%, P < 0.0001). The MFAP was found to promote uptake of the Mediterranean diet, and improve anthropometric, physical activity, dietary, and metabolic parameters in healthy subjects.
Effects of a dairy supplement and resistance training on lean mass and insulin-like growth factor in women.; PURPOSE: To examine the effect of yogurt supplementation pre- and postexercise on changes in body composition in overweight women engaged in a resistance-training program., METHODS: Participants (age = 36.8 +/- 4.8 yr) with a body-mass index of 29.1 +/- 2.1 kg/m2 were randomized to yogurt supplement (YOG; n = 15) or isoenergetic sucrose beverage (CONT; n = 14) consumed before and after exercise for 16 wk. Participants were also instructed to reduce energy intake daily (-1,046 kJ) during the study. Body composition was assessed by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, waist circumference, and sagittal diameter. Strength was measured with 1-repetition maximum. Dietary recalls were obtained by a multipass approach using Nutrition Data System software. Insulin-like growth factor-1 and insulin-like growth-factor-binding protein-3 were measured with ELISA., RESULTS: Significant weight losses of 2.6 +/- 4.5 kg (YOG) and 1.2 +/- 2.5 kg (CONT) were observed. Total lean weight increased significantly over time in both YOG (0.8 +/- 1.2 kg) and CONT (1.1 +/- 0.9 kg). Significant reductions in total fat (YOG = 3.4 +/- 4.1 kg vs. CONT = 2.3 +/- 2.4 kg) were observed over time. Waist circumference, sagittal diameter, and trunk fat decreased significantly over time without group differences. Both groups significantly decreased energy intake while maintaining protein intake. Strength significantly increased over time in both groups. No changes over time or between groups were observed in hormone levels., CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that yogurt supplementation offered no added benefit for increasing lean mass when combined with resistance training and modest energy restriction.
Dairy attentuates oxidative and inflammatory stress in metabolic syndrome.; BACKGROUND: Oxidative and inflammatory stress are elevated in obesity and are further augmented in metabolic syndrome. We showed previously that dairy components suppress the adipocyte- and macrophage-mediated generation of reactive oxygen species and inflammatory cytokines and systemic oxidative and inflammatory biomarkers in obesity., OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to determine the early (7 d) and sustained (4 and 12 wk) effects of adequate-dairy (AD) compared with low-dairy (LD) diets in subjects with metabolic syndrome., DESIGN: Forty overweight and obese adults with metabolic syndrome were randomly assigned to receive AD (3.5 daily servings) or LD (<0.5 daily servings) weight-maintenance diets for 12 wk. Oxidative and inflammatory biomarkers were assessed at 0, 1, 4, and 12 wk as primary outcomes; body weight and composition were measured at 0, 4, and 12 wk as secondary outcomes., RESULTS: AD decreased malondialdehyde and oxidized LDL at 7 d (35% and 11%, respectively; P < 0.01), with further decreases by 12 wk. Inflammatory markers were suppressed with intake of AD, with decreases in tumor necrosis factor-alpha at 7 d and further reductions through 12 wk (35%; P < 0.05); decreases in interleukin-6 (21%; P < 0.02) and monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (14% decrease at 4 wk, 24% decrease at 12 wk; P < 0.05); and a corresponding 55% increase in adiponectin at 12 wk (P < 0.01). LD exerted no effect on oxidative or inflammatory markers. Diet had no effect on body weight; however, AD significantly reduced waist circumference and trunk fat (P < 0.01 for both), and LD exerted no effect., CONCLUSION: An increase in dairy intake attenuates oxidative and inflammatory stress in metabolic syndrome. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01266330.
Postprandial lipid responses to an alpha-linolenic acid-rich oil, olive oil and butter in women: a randomized crossover trial.; BACKGROUND: Postprandial lipaemia varies with gender and the composition of dietary fat due to the partitioning of fatty acids between beta-oxidation and incorporation into triacylglycerols (TAGs). Increasing evidence highlights the importance of postprandial measurements to evaluate atherogenic risk. Postprandial effects of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) in women are poorly characterized. We therefore studied the postprandial lipid response of women to an ALA-rich oil in comparison with olive oil and butter, and characterized the fatty acid composition of total lipids, TAGs, and non-esterified fatty acids (NEFAs) in plasma., METHODS: A randomized crossover design (n = 19) was used to compare the postprandial effects of 3 meals containing 35 g fat. Blood samples were collected at regular intervals for 7 h. Statistical analysis was carried out with ANOVA (significant difference = P < 0.05)., RESULTS: No significant difference was seen in incremental area under the curve (iAUC) plasma-TAG between the meals. ALA and oleic acid levels were significantly increased in plasma after ALA-rich oil and olive oil meals, respectively. Palmitic acid was significantly increased in plasma-TAG after the butter meal. The ratios of 18:2 n-6 to18:3 n-3 in plasma-TAGs, three and seven hours after the ALA-rich oil meal, were 1.5 and 2.4, respectively. The corresponding values after the olive oil meal were: 13.8 and 16.9; and after the butter meal: 9.0 and 11.6., CONCLUSIONS: The postprandial p-TAG and NEFA response in healthy pre-menopausal women was not significantly different after the intake of an ALA-rich oil, olive oil and butter. The ALA-rich oil significantly affected different plasma lipid fractions and improved the ratio of n-6 to n-3 fatty acids several hours postprandially.
Randomized controlled trial of a high dose of oral erythromycin for the treatment of feeding intolerance in preterm infants.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the effectiveness of high-dose erythromycin to treat feeding intolerance in preterm infants predominantly fed milk formula., DESIGN: This study is a prospective randomized controlled trial on 60 premature infants suffering from feeding intolerance. Thirty infants were given oral erythromycin ethylsuccinate at a dose of 50 mg/kg/day for 10 days or until they reached full enteral feeds. Randomization was stratified according to gestational age <32 weeks or >=32 weeks gestation. The primary end point was the time taken to establish full enteral feeding since enrollment. Potential adverse effects associated with erythromycin were also monitored. Student's t test was used for comparison of continuous variables and chi(2)for categorical data., RESULTS: In infants <32 weeks, the use of erythromycin was associated with more daily weight gain (12.8 +/- 2.6 g vs. 9.2 +/- 5.3 g, p = 0.04) compared to the control group. Time to reach full feed did not differ between the erythromycin (13.8 +/- 3.9 days) and the control (17.46 +/- 4.9 days) groups (p = 0.07). In infants >=32 weeks, there were no differences between the erythromycin and the control groups., CONCLUSION: High-dose erythromycin is associated with greater weight gain in preterm infants <32 weeks gestational age, who are predominantly fed cow's milk-based protein formulas. Copyright © 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Effect of probiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus and Bifidobacterium lactis on lipid profile in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; The purpose of this study was to investigate the effects of probiotic and conventional yogurt on the lipid profile in type 2 diabetic people. In a randomized double-blind controlled trial, 60 people (23 males and 37 females) with type 2 diabetes and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) greater than 2.6 mmol/L were assigned to 2 groups. Participants consumed daily 300 g of probiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb12 or 300 g of conventional yogurt for 6 wk. Fasting blood samples, anthropometric measurements and 3-d, 24-h dietary recalls were collected at the baseline and at the end of the trial. Probiotic yogurt consumption caused a 4.54% decrease in total cholesterol and a 7.45% decrease in LDL-C compared with the control group. No significant changes from baseline were shown in triglyceride and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) in the probiotic group. The total cholesterol:HDL-C ratio and LDL-C:HDL-C ratio as atherogenic indices significantly decreased in the probiotic group compared with the control group. Probiotic yogurt improved total cholesterol and LDL-C concentrations in type 2 diabetic people and may contribute to the improvement of cardiovascular disease risk factors. Copyright © 2011 American Dairy Science Association. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of functional yogurt NY-YP901 in improving the trait of metabolic syndrome.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: This study was aimed to assess the beneficial effects on metabolic syndrome of functional yogurt NY-YP901 (Namyang Dairy Product Co. Ltd and Nutra R&BT Inc., Seoul, Korea) supplemented with mixture of Streptococcus thermophilus, Lactobacillus acidophilus, Bifidobacterium infantis and extra-ingredients containing Bifidobacterium breve (CBG-C2), Enterococcus faecalis FK-23, fibersol-2 and so on., SUBJECTS/METHODS: This study was designed as an 8-week randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel study. Treatment and control groups consumed a functional yogurt NY-YP901 (150 ml) and a placebo yogurt twice a day, respectively, for 8 weeks. Body weight and body mass index (BMI), blood pressure, lipid profiles, fasting glucose with HbA1C and waist circumference were measured before and after treatment. Inclusion criteria were healthy individuals between the ages 20-65 years old who submitted an informed consent., RESULTS: During the period August 2009 to December 2009, 101 healthy participants (31 males and 70 females) finished the study. Treatment group were 53 individuals, and the control group were 48 individuals. In the treatment group consuming NY-YP901, statistically significant beneficial changes were observed in body weight (treatment group vs control group=-0.24+/-1.50 vs +0.64+/-1.39 kg, P<0.05), BMI (-0.10+/-0.58 vs +0.24+/-0.50 kg/m(2), P<0.05 ) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol (-7.71+/-14.14 vs -0.43+/-15.32 mg/dl, P<0.05) after 8 weeks. The change in other parameters was not different between the treatment and the control groups., CONCLUSIONS: The functional yogurt NY-YP901 reduced LDL-cholesterol, body weight and BMI in the subjects at a 300-ml consumption daily for 8 weeks. From these findings, regular intake of functional yogurt NY-YP901 may be consequently related to improve metabolic syndrome.
Whey protein but not soy protein supplementation alters body weight and composition in free-living overweight and obese adults.; A double-blind, randomized clinical trial was conducted to determine the effect of consumption of supplemental whey protein (WP), soy protein (SP), and an isoenergetic amount of carbohydrate (CHO) on body weight and composition in free-living overweight and obese but otherwise healthy participants. Ninety overweight and obese participants were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 treatment groups for 23 wk: 1) WP; 2) SP (each providing ~56 g/d of protein and 1670 kJ/d); or 3) an isoenergetic amount of CHO. Supplements were consumed as a beverage twice daily. Participants were provided no dietary advice and continued to consume their free-choice diets. Participants ' body weight and composition data were obtained monthly. Dietary intake was determined by 24-h dietary recalls collected every 10 d. After 23 wk, body weight and composition did not differ between the groups consuming the SP and WP or between SP and CHO; however, body weight and fat mass of the group consuming the WP were lower by 1.8 kg (P < 0.006) and 2.3 kg (P < 0.005), respectively, than the group consuming CHO. Lean body mass did not differ among any of the groups. Waist circumference was smaller in the participants consuming WP than in the other groups (P < 0.05). Fasting ghrelin was lower in participants consuming WP compared with SP or CHO. Through yet-unknown mechanisms, different sources of dietary protein may differentially facilitate weight loss and affect body composition. Dietary recommendations, especially those that emphasize the role of dietary protein in facilitating weight change, should also address the demonstrated clinical potential of supplemental WP.
Effects of preoperative feeding with a whey protein plus carbohydrate drink on the acute phase response and insulin resistance. A randomized trial.; BACKGROUND: Prolonged preoperative fasting increases insulin resistance and current evidence recommends carbohydrate (CHO) drinks 2 hours before surgery. Our hypothesis is that the addition of whey protein to a CHO-based drink not only reduces the inflammatory response but also diminish insulin resistance., METHODS: Seventeen patients scheduled to cholecystectomy or inguinal herniorraphy were randomized and given 474 ml and 237 ml of water (CO group) or a drink containing CHO and milk whey protein (CHO-P group) respectively, 6 and 3 hours before operation. Blood samples were collected before surgery and 24 hours afterwards for biochemical assays. The endpoints of the study were the insulin resistance (IR), the prognostic inflammatory and nutritional index (PINI) and the C-reactive protein (CRP)/albumin ratio. A 5% level for significance was established., RESULTS: There were no anesthetic or postoperative complications. The post-operative IR was lower in the CHO-P group when compared with the CO group (2.75 +/- 0.72 vs 5.74 +/- 1.16; p = 0.03). There was no difference between the two groups in relation to the PINI. The CHO-P group showed a decrease in the both CRP elevation and CRP/albumin ratio (p < 0.05). The proportion of patients who showed CRP/albumin ratio considered normal was significantly greater (p < 0.05) in the CHO-P group (87.5%) than in the CO group (33.3%)., CONCLUSIONS: Shortening the pre-operative fasting using CHO and whey protein is safe and reduces insulin resistance and postoperative acute phase response in elective moderate operations., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrial.gov NCT01354249.
The effect of cetylated fatty esters and physical therapy on myofascial pain syndrome of the neck.; Participants with Myofascial Pain Syndrome (MPS) of the neck were randomly assigned into 2 groups of the double-blinded study: topical cetylated fatty ester complex (CFEC) cream application plus physical therapy (CF-PT; n=37), and placebo cream application plus physical therapy (PL-PT; n=35). There were 3 visits during 4 weeks of treatment. Physical Therapy (PT), given twice/week, included Ischaemic Compression, Deep Pressure Trigger Point Massage and Myofascial Releases. Topical cream [CFEC cream (5.6%) and 1.5% menthol] or placebo cream [1.5% menthol, in a cream base] was applied twice/day. CF-PT provided the fastest and most effective study treatment modality. The addition of CFEC cream to PT resulted in statistically significant improvements, compared to PL-PT, for reduction of pain, neck disability and life quality indicators. Our results indicate that cetylated derivatives of fatty acids can effectively reduce pain and symptoms associated with neck MPS, when combined with physical therapy. Copyright © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of dairy fat on plasma phytanic acid in healthy volunteers - a randomized controlled study.; BACKGROUND: Phytanic acid produced in ruminants from chlorophyll may have preventive effects on the metabolic syndrome, partly due to its reported RXR and PPAR- alpha agonist activity. Milk from cows fed increased levels of green plant material, contains increased phytanic acid concentrations, but it is unknown to what extent minor increases in phytanic acid content in dairy fat leads to higher circulating levels of phytanic acid in plasma of the consumers., OBJECTIVE: To investigate if cow feeding regimes affects concentration of plasma phytanic acid and risk markers of the metabolic syndrome in human., DESIGN: In a double-blind, randomized, 4 wk, parallel intervention study 14 healthy young subjects were given 45 g milk fat/d from test butter and cheese with 0.24 wt% phytanic acid or a control diet with 0.13 wt% phytanic acid. Difference in phytanic acid was obtained by feeding roughage with low or high content of chlorophyll., RESULTS: There tended to be a difference in plasma phytanic acid (P = 0.0730) concentration after the dietary intervention. Plasma phytanic acid increased significantly within both groups with the highest increase in control group (24%) compared to phytanic acid group (15%). There were no significant effects of phytanic acid on risk markers for the metabolic syndrome., CONCLUSIONS: The results indicate that increased intake of dairy fat modify the plasma phytanic acid concentration, regardless of cows feeding regime and the minor difference in dietary phytanic acid. Whether the phytanic acid has potential to affects the risk markers of the metabolic syndrome in human still remain to be elucidated.
Ile-Pro-Pro and Val-Pro-Pro tripeptide-containing milk product has acute blood pressure lowering effects in mildly hypertensive subjects.; Casein-derived tripeptides isoleucine-proline-proline (Ile-Pro-Pro) and valine-proline-proline (Val-Pro-Pro) lower blood pressure (BP) in long-term clinical studies. Their acute effects on BP and vascular function, important for daily dosing scheme, were studied in a placebo-controlled double-blind crossover study using a single oral dose of a fermented milk product containing Ile-Pro-Pro and Val-Pro-Pro as well as plant sterols. Twenty-five subjects with untreated mild hypertension received in random order 250 g of study product (25 mg peptides and 2 g plant sterols) or placebo. Ambulatory BP was monitored for 8 h post-dose and arterial stiffness measured by pulse wave analysis at 2, 4, and 8 h. Blood and urine samples were analyzed for markers of the renin-angiotensin system (RAS) and endothelial function. Baseline adjusted treatment effect for systolic blood pressure (SBP), diastolic blood pressure (DBP), and mean arterial BP was -2.1 mmHg (95% CI: -4.1 to -0.1, p = 0.045), -1.6 mmHg (95% CI: -3.1 to -0.1, p = 0.03), and -1,9 mmHg (95% CI: -3-3 to -0.4, p = 0.0093), respectively, in favor of the active treatment for 8 h post- dose. No significant differences between the treatments were seen in brachial or aortic augmentation index, pulse wave velocity, or markers of RAS. Urinary excretion of cGMP, the second messenger of endothelial nitric oxide, was higher in the active group vs. placebo (p = 0.01). The results indicate that a single dose of a fermented milk product containing Ile-Pro-Pro and Val-Pro-Pro and plant sterols acutely lowers brachial SBP and DBP in mildly hypertensive subjects.
Feeding intervention in cleft lip and palate babies: a practical approach to feeding efficiency and weight gain.; Using a disposable syringe to feed 1-14-week-old babies with cleft lip and palate (CLP) was studied. 57 CLP babies were randomly divided into: syringe-fed (intervention) and cup-and-spoon-fed groups and compared with 55 normal breast- or bottle-fed babies. Differences in weight gained from birth to 6, 10 and 14 weeks were compared. Syringe-fed CLP babies fed breast milk had a significant difference in weight gain (0.7 and 0.8 kg) compared with cup-and-spoon-fed babies (0.4 kg), at 10 and 14 weeks, respectively. Normal breast-fed babies gained 0.6 and 0.7 kg. Cup-and-spoon-fed CLP babies fed artificial and breast milk gained 0.5 and 0.6 kg; syringe-fed CLP babies gained 0.6 and 1.2 kg. Normal babies gained 1.0 and 1.7 kg for the same age and food. Average feeding times were 10 ml/1.25 min for syringe-fed and 10 ml/2.08 min for cup-and-spoon-fed CLP babies at 6 weeks. 19 (100%) cup-and-spoon-fed babies exhibited spill and regurgitation at 6 weeks compared with 30 (79%) CLP syringe-fed babies (P<0.05). In both groups spill and regurgitation decreased with age. CLP babies fed with the modified method had a faster feeding time, less spill and regurgitation and gained the same weight as normal babies at 10 and 14 weeks. Copyright © 2011 International Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of camel milk on glycemic control and insulin requirement in patients with type 1 diabetes: 2-years randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Hypoglycemic effect of camel milk supplementation in experimental rat model and significant reduction in doses of insulin in type 1 diabetic patients have been observed in our previous studies. This long-term study was undertaken to assess the efficacy, safety and acceptability of camel milk as an adjunct to insulin therapy in type 1 diabetics., SUBJECTS/METHODS: In this 2-year randomized clinical, parallel design study, 24 type 1 diabetics were enrolled and divided into two groups. Group I (n=12) received usual care, that is, diet, exercise and insulin and Group II (n=12) received 500 ml camel milk in addition to the usual care. Insulin requirement was titrated weekly by blood glucose estimation. Results were analyzed by using the regression technique., RESULTS: In camel milk group, there was decrease in mean blood glucose (118.58+/-19-93.16+/-17.06 mg/dl), hemoglobin A1c levels (7.81+/-1.39-5.44+/-0.81%) and insulin doses (32.50+/-9.99-17.50+/-12.09 U/day, P<0.05). Out of 12 subjects receiving camel milk, insulin requirement in 3 subjects reduced to zero. There was nonsignificant change in plasma insulin and anti-insulin antibodies in both the groups., CONCLUSION: It may be stated that camel milk is safe and efficacious in improving long-term glycemic control, with a significant reduction in the doses of insulin in type 1 diabetic patients.
A prospective self-controlled phase II study of imiquimod 5% cream in the treatment of infantile hemangioma.; Imiquimod has been reported to be efficacious in the topical treatment of uncomplicated infantile hemangiomas (IH). However, due to the natural tendency of IH to involute spontaneously, prior uncontrolled efficacy and safety studies have been called into question. We conducted a prospective self-controlled phase II study of imiquimod initially applied to uncomplicated, proliferative superficial or mixed IHs treating half of each IH once every other night for 16 weeks, leaving the other half untreated. After 16 weeks, an independent dermatologist evaluated the color, area, and volume of each half of the hemangioma. Of the 44 patients treated, the total effective rate was 80% (n = 35), with an overall resolution rated as excellent or good rate in 39% of lesions (n = 17/44). The relapse rate was 2% (n = 1). Side effects were noted in 61% (n = 27) including erythema or/and edema (n = 16%, 7), local itching (n = 7%, 3), peeling (n = 7%, 3), erosion (n = 5%, 2), crusting (n = 55%, 24), ulceration (n = 9%, 4), and scarring (n = 5%, 2). Some patients had two or more side effects. Most were judged to be mild to moderate and did not result in treatment being interrupted. Crusting or ulceration was noted to cause post-treatment skin reactions, such as texture change, whereas cases without crusting involuted to almost normal skin. No local infection or systemic reaction was observed. The difference in effective rate and side effect incidence between superficial and mixed IH was not statistically significant. Imiquimod 5% cream can be an effective and safe treatment option for superficial mixed IH in which the superficial component predominates. The recurrence rate is low, but local reactions including crusting can develop and result in post-treatment skin changes. Copyright © 2011 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Association between yogurt, milk, and cheese consumption and common carotid artery intima-media thickness and cardiovascular disease risk factors in elderly women.; BACKGROUND: Despite the contribution of dairy foods to total dietary saturated fat intake, available data indicate that dairy consumption may lower the risk of cardiovascular disease., OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to investigate the relation between consumption of milk, cheese, and yogurt and common carotid artery intima-media thickness (CCA-IMT) in a cohort of elderly women., DESIGN: Dairy consumption was assessed with a validated food-frequency questionnaire in 1080 participants randomly selected from ambulant white women aged >70 y living in Perth, Western Australia. CCA-IMT was assessed by using B-mode carotid ultrasound 3 y later. Cardiovascular disease risk factors, including serum lipids and blood pressure, were assessed at baseline., RESULTS: Total dairy product, milk, and cheese consumption was not associated with CCA-IMT (P > 0.05), whereas yogurt consumption was negatively associated with CCA-IMT (unadjusted standardized beta = -0.081, P = 0.008; baseline risk factor-adjusted standardized beta = -0.075, P = 0.015). Participants who consumed >100 g yogurt/d had a significantly lower CCA-IMT than did participants with lower consumption (unadjusted = -0.024 mm, P = 0.002). This relation remained significant after adjustment for baseline, dietary, and lifestyle risk factors (multivariable analysis = -0.023 mm, P = 0.003)., CONCLUSION: Increased consumption of yogurt, but not of other dairy products, is associated with a lower CCA-IMT, independent of other risk factors.
Bovine colostrum supplementation's lack of effect on immune variables during short-term intense exercise in well-trained athletes.; The purpose of this study was to investigate the potential of bovine colostrum to attenuate postexercise decline in immune function. The authors evaluated the time course of a number of immune variables after short-term intense exercise in 9 male athletes after 10 d of supplementation with either colostrum or skim-milk powder. To increase the stress on the immune system subjects performed a glycogen-depletion trial the evening before the endurance trial (90 min at 50% Wmax). Blood samples were taken before the glycogen-depletion trial, before and after the endurance trial, and the next morning, ~22 hr after cessation of the exercise. Plasma cortisol levels increased over time, reaching the highest level directly after exercise, and were still elevated ~22 hr after exercise compared with baseline values (p < .001). Neutrophil cell count was increased after exercise and dropped below starting values 22 hr after exercise (time effect p < .001). Circulating immunoglobulins did not change over time. A significant time effect was seen for interleukin (IL)-6, IL-10, IL-1-receptor agonist, and C-reactive protein, with levels being higher directly after exercise (p < .05). Other cytokines (interferon-gamma, IL-1a, IL-8, tumor necrosis factor-a) did not show a time effect. No differences were seen between colostrum and skim-milk powder in any of the investigated variables. Our results are consistent with the hypothesis that intense exercise affects several variables of the immune system. Colostrum did not alter any of the postexercise immune variables compared with skim-milk powder, suggesting no role for bovine colostrum supplementation in preventing postexercise immune suppression after short-term intense exercise.
The Personal Nutrition Planner: a 5-week, computer-tailored intervention for women.; OBJECTIVE: To conduct a dietary intervention using the Personal Nutrition Planner (PNP), an on-line nutrition intervention tool., DESIGN: Randomized controlled trial with pretest, posttest, and 2-month follow-up self-report assessments., SETTING: Web/on-line., PARTICIPANTS: Female university staff (n = 307; 59.1% Caucasian) recruited via e-mail. Retention rate was 85.0% (118 treatment; 143 comparison)., INTERVENTION: PNP on-line produces individualized nutrition feedback based on initial on-line assessment. Intervention lasted 5 weeks and included weekly e-mail reminders., MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Dietary intake frequencies, weight loss, opinions regarding intervention., ANALYSIS: Repeated-measures analysis of variance to determine intervention effects on dietary intake and weight loss (P < .05)., RESULTS: Relative to the comparison group who received no program, the treatment group increased dairy intake frequency across the 3 assessments (F(2,304) = 3.15; P < .05). Among participants who wanted to lose weight, weight loss in the treatment group was significantly higher than that of the comparison group from pretest to posttest (F(1,92) = 4.50; P < .05). On a scale of 1-5, mean ratings of the PNP program characteristics ranged from 3-4., CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONS: PNP produced significant increases in dairy intake and decreases in weight. Further revisions will tailor PNP to better fit individuals' dietary goals and increase motivation. Copyright © 2011 Society for Nutrition Education. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Inhibition of fried meat-induced colorectal DNA damage and altered systemic genotoxicity in humans by crucifera, chlorophyllin, and yogurt.; UNLABELLED: Dietary exposures implicated as reducing or causing risk for colorectal cancer may reduce or cause DNA damage in colon tissue; however, no one has assessed this hypothesis directly in humans. Thus, we enrolled 16 healthy volunteers in a 4-week controlled feeding study where 8 subjects were randomly assigned to dietary regimens containing meat cooked at either low (100degreeC) or high temperature (250degreeC), each for 2 weeks in a crossover design. The other 8 subjects were randomly assigned to dietary regimens containing the high-temperature meat diet alone or in combination with 3 putative mutagen inhibitors: cruciferous vegetables, yogurt, and chlorophyllin tablets, also in a crossover design. Subjects were nonsmokers, at least 18 years old, and not currently taking prescription drugs or antibiotics. We used the Salmonella assay to analyze the meat, urine, and feces for mutagenicity, and the comet assay to analyze rectal biopsies and peripheral blood lymphocytes for DNA damage. Low-temperature meat had undetectable levels of heterocyclic amines (HCAs) and was not mutagenic, whereas high-temperature meat had high HCA levels and was highly mutagenic. The high-temperature meat diet increased the mutagenicity of hydrolyzed urine and feces compared to the low-temperature meat diet. The mutagenicity of hydrolyzed urine was increased nearly twofold by the inhibitor diet, indicating that the inhibitors enhanced conjugation. Inhibitors decreased significantly the mutagenicity of un-hydrolyzed and hydrolyzed feces. The diets did not alter the levels of DNA damage in non-target white blood cells, but the inhibitor diet decreased nearly twofold the DNA damage in target colorectal cells. To our knowledge, this is the first demonstration that dietary factors can reduce DNA damage in the target tissue of fried-meat associated carcinogenesis., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00340743.
A combination of (omega-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids, polyphenols and L-carnitine reduces the plasma lipid levels and increases the expression of genes involved in fatty acid oxidation in human peripheral blood mononuclear cells and HepG2 cells.; BACKGROUND: Hyperlipidemia and obesity are associated with metabolic syndrome and increased risk in developing diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Nutritional supplements, e.g. L-carnitine and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), exert lipid-lowering effects. Hence, the hypothesis that dietetic intervention reduces plasma lipid levels and metabolic enzymes in overweight hyperlipidemic subjects was tested., SUBJECTS AND METHODS: In a prospective placebo-controlled double-blind study in 22 moderately hyperlipidemic obese humans consuming low-fat yoghurt enriched with a combination of low-dose PUFAs, polyphenols and L-carnitine (PPC) twice a day for 12 weeks were compared to 20 matching participants ingesting low-fat yoghurt. The effects on plasma lipids and expression of enzymes involved in regulation of fatty acid oxidation in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) and HepG2 cells were evaluated., RESULTS: PPC consumption led to significantly reduced plasma free fatty acid (-29%) and triglyceride (-24%) concentrations (each p < 0.05). PPC application increased significantly peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (PPARalpha) mRNA abundances and those of PPARalpha target genes (carnitine palmitoyltransferases-1, CPT1A and CPT1B, carnitine acetyltransferase and organic cation transporter 2; each p < 0.05) in PBMCs. In controls, plasma lipid levels and PBMC gene expression did not change. These findings were substantiated by the results of cell culture experiments in HepG2 cells., CONCLUSION: Supplementation of PPC had marked lipid-lowering effects and PBMC gene expression profiles seemed to reflect nutrition-related metabolic changes. Copyright © 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Breastfeeding and body composition in children: will there ever be conclusive empirical evidence for a protective effect against overweight?.; An increased prevalence of childhood overweight has been observed worldwide over the past decades, which indicates the need for strategies to prevent obesity. There is some evidence that risk of obesity is primed by exposures early in life. Among other factors, breastfeeding has been hypothesized as a potential priming factor against overweight. Although the properties of human milk suggest possible mechanisms for a protective effect of breastfeeding compared with formula feeding with respect to later overweight, empirical evidence is more difficult to establish. This article reviews the available epidemiologic literature on this topic. Several observational studies have shown evidence for a small protective effect with respect to overweight in childhood. Three meta-analyses reported significant protective effects of breastfeeding against overweight in later life, whereas another meta-analysis showed no effect of breastfeeding on mean body mass index (BMI) after adjustment for confounding factors. These seemingly inconsistent results might potentially be explained by different effects of breastfeeding in normal-weight compared with overweight children. Evidence from interventional studies is limited. A randomized trial failed to confirm an effect of a breastfeeding promotion on children's BMI, but this trial lacked statistical power because rates of breastfeeding were relatively similar in the intervention and control groups. In conclusion, protective priming effects of breastfeeding on later overweight appear to be possible but are difficult to prove. Although observational studies have to deal with confounding issues, interventional studies on breastfeeding promotion may lack power.
Replacing dairy fat with rapeseed oil causes rapid improvement of hyperlipidaemia: a randomized controlled study.; BACKGROUND: Rapeseed oil (RO), also known as canola oil, principally contains the unsaturated fatty acids 18:1n-9, 18:2n-6 and 18:3n-3 and may promote cardiometabolic health., OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effects on lipoprotein profile, factors of coagulation and insulin sensitivity of replacing a diet rich in saturated fat from dairy foods (DF diet) with a diet including RO-based fat (RO diet)., DESIGN: During a 2x3-week randomized, controlled, cross-over trial, 20 free-living hyperlipidaemic subjects were provided with isocaloric test diets that differed in fat composition alone. Blood lipoprotein profile, coagulation and fibrinolytic factors and insulin sensitivity (euglycaemic clamp) were determined before and after the dietary intervention., RESULTS: All subjects completed the study, and compliance was high according to changes in serum fatty acids. The RO diet, but not the DF diet, reduced the levels of serum cholesterol (-17%), triglycerides (-20%) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (-17%), cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol ratio (-21%), apolipoprotein (apo) B/apo A-I ratio (-4%) and factor VII coagulant activity (FVIIc) (-5%) from baseline. These changes were significantly different between the diets (P=0.05 to P<0.0001), except for FVIIc (P=0.1). The RO diet, but not the DF diet, modestly increased serum lipoprotein(a) (+6%) and tended to increase the glucose disappearance rate (K-value, +33%). HDL cholesterol, insulin sensitivity, fibrinogen and tissue plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 levels did not change from baseline or differ between the two diets., CONCLUSIONS: In a diet moderately high in total fat, replacing dairy fat with RO causes a rapid and clinically relevant improvement in serum lipoprotein profile including lowering of triglycerides in hyperlipidaemic individuals. Copyright © 2011 The Association for the Publication of the Journal of Internal Medicine.
Inflammatory cytokine responses to progressive resistance training and supplementation with fortified milk in men aged 50+ years: an 18-month randomized controlled trial.; We examined the effects of progressive resistance training (PRT) and supplementation with calcium-vitamin D(3) fortified milk on markers of systemic inflammation, and the relationship between inflammation and changes in muscle mass, size and strength. Healthy men aged 50-79 years (n = 180) participated in this 18-month randomized controlled trial that comprised a factorial 2 x 2 design. Participants were randomized to (1) PRT + fortified milk supplement, (2) PRT, (3) fortified milk supplement, or (4) a control group. Participants assigned to PRT trained 3 days per week, while those in the supplement groups consumed 400 ml day(-1) of milk containing 1,000 mg calcium plus 800 IU vitamin D(3). We collected venous blood samples at baseline, 12 and 18 months to measure the serum concentrations of IL-6, TNF-alpha and hs-CRP. There were no exercise x supplement interactions, but serum IL-6 was 29% lower (95% CI, -62, 0) in the PRT group compared with the control group after 12 months. Conversely, IL-6 was 31% higher (95% CI, -2, 65) in the supplement group compared with the non-supplemented groups after 12 and 18 months. These between-group differences did not persist after adjusting for changes in fat mass. In the PRT group, mid-tibia muscle cross-sectional area increased less in men with higher pre-training inflammation compared with those men with lower inflammation (net difference ~2.5%, p < 0.05). In conclusion, serum IL-6 concentration decreased following PRT, whereas it increased after supplementation with fortified milk concomitant with changes in fat mass. Furthermore, low-grade inflammation at baseline restricted muscle hypertrophy following PRT.
Pathogenesis and prevention of necrotizing enterocolitis.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) remains the most common serious acquired gastrointestinal disorder affecting preterm infants. Here we review recent advances in our understanding of the pathogenesis of this multifactorial condition and consider the implications for practice and research., RECENT FINDINGS: NEC is an important cause of mortality and serious morbidity in preterm infants. The risk is inversely proportional to gestational age and weight at birth. Fetal growth restriction and compromise may be additional specific risk factors. NEC, particularly severe NEC requiring surgical intervention and NEC with invasive infection, is associated with acute morbidity and mortality and adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes. The principal modifiable postnatal risk factors for NEC in preterm infants relate to enteral feeding practices including formula milk feeding, early and rapid advancement of enteral feed volumes, and exposure to H2-receptor antagonists., SUMMARY: Our understanding of the pathogenesis of this condition remains incomplete. With the exception of feeding with human milk, only limited evidence is currently available to support interventions to prevent NEC. Promising strategies that merit further evaluation in randomized controlled trials include the use of prebiotics and probiotics and the avoidance of exposure to H2-receptor antagonists.
The influence of selenium-enriched milk proteins and selenium yeast on plasma selenium levels and rectal selenoprotein gene expression in human subjects.; Certain forms of dietary Se may have advantages for improving human Se status and regulating the risk for disease, such as cancers, including colorectal cancer (CRC). The present study compared the effects of a Se-enriched milk protein (dairy-Se) with a Se-rich yeast (yeast-Se) on plasma Se levels and rectal selenoprotein gene expression since we reasoned that if these genes were not regulated, there was little potential for regulating the risk for CRC in this organ. A total of twenty-three healthy volunteers with plasma Se in the lower half of the population range were supplemented with dairy-Se (150 mug/d) or yeast-Se (150 mug/d) for 6 weeks, followed by 6 weeks of washout period. Blood was sampled every 2 weeks, and rectal biopsies were obtained before and after Se supplementation and after the washout period. Plasma Se levels and glutathione peroxidase (GPx) activity, and rectal mRNA of selenoprotein P (SeP), cytosolic GPx-1 (GPx-1), gastrointestinal GPx-2 (GPx-2) and thioredoxin reductase-1 (TrxR-1) were measured. Plasma Se levels increased rapidly in both Se groups (P < 0.001); plasma GPx activity was not significantly changed. Rectal SeP mRNA increased at 6 weeks compared with baseline in both Se groups (P < 0.05); only dairy-Se resulted in a sustained elevation of SeP after the washout period (P < 0.05). Rectal GPx-1 and GPx-2 mRNA were higher with dairy-Se (P < 0.05) than with yeast-Se at 6 weeks. In conclusion, three rectal selenoprotein mRNA were differentially regulated by dairy-Se and yeast-Se. Changes in rectal selenoproteins are not predicted by changes in plasma Se; dairy-Se effectively regulates the expression of several rectal selenoproteins of relevance to the risk for CRC.
Evaluation of imiquimod for topical treatment of vaccinia virus cutaneous infections in immunosuppressed hairless mice.; Imiquimod is an immune response modifier prescribed as a topical medication for a number of viral and neoplastic conditions. We evaluated the antiviral activity of imiquimod against vaccinia virus (WR strain) cutaneous infections in immunosuppressed (with cyclophosphamide) hairless mice when administered after virus exposure. Primary lesions progressed in severity, satellite lesions developed, and infection eventually killed the mice. Once daily topical treatment with 1% imiquimod cream for 3, 4, or 5 days were compared to twice daily topical treatment with 1% cidofovir cream for 7 days. Survival time of mice in all treated groups was significantly prolonged compared to placebo controls. The mean day of death for the placebo group, 3-day imiquimod, 4-day imiquimod, 5-day imiquimod, and cidofovir groups were 15.5, 20.0, 20.5, 19.5, and 20.5 days post-infection, respectively. All treatment groups showed significant reductions in primary lesion size and in the number of satellite lesions. The cidofovir and 4-day imiquimod treatments delayed the appearance of lung virus titers by 3 and 6 days, respectively, although cutaneous lesion and snout virus titers were not as affected by treatment. Benefits in survival and lesion reduction were observed when imiquimod treatment was delayed from 24, 48, and 72 h post-infection. However, increasing the treatment dose of imiquimod from 1% to 5% led to a significant decrease in antiviral efficacy. These results demonstrate the protective effects of topically administered imiquimod against a disseminated vaccinia virus infection in this mouse model. Copyright © 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Lactose-free milk protein-based infant formula: impact on growth and gastrointestinal tolerance in infants.; Lactose, the major carbohydrate in human milk and standard milk-based formulas, provides energy for growth in infants. The use of lactose-free milk protein-based infant formulas has increased in the United States. However, clinical studies of their impact on growth, safety, and gastrointestinal tolerance in infants are limited. Thus, a prospective, blinded, randomized clinical trial was conducted in healthy, normal-term infants fed an experimental lactose-free milk protein-based formula (NoLAC; n = 63) versus a standard commercial lactose-containing milk-based formula (LAC; n = 65) for 112 days. Growth (weight, length, and head circumference) was similar and normal in both groups (weight gain: NoLAC = 31.1 +/- 0.9 g/day, LAC = 29.4 +/- 0.9 g/day, mean +/- SEM; P = .895). Serum biochemistries for both groups were within infants' normal reference ranges. Both groups had comparable tolerance but the NoLAC group had softer stools and lower spit-ups. Thus, the study suggests that absence of lactose in milk-based formula does not adversely affect normal growth in term infants.
Topical treatment of Basal cell carcinomas in nevoid Basal cell carcinoma syndrome with a smoothened inhibitor.; Basal cell carcinoma (BCC) is a distinctive manifestation in nevoid basal cell carcinoma syndrome (NBCCS) patients. Both inherited and acquired mutations of patched 1 (PTCH1), a tumor-suppressor gene controlling the activity of Smoothened (SMO), are the primary cause of the constitutive activation of the Hedgehog (HH) pathway, leading to the emergence of BCCs in NBCCS. LDE225, a distinct, selective antagonist of SMO, showed potent inhibition of basaloid tumor nest formation and mediated regression of preformed basaloid tumors in organ cultures of skin derived from Ptch1 heterozygous knockout mice. In a double-blind, randomized, vehicle-controlled, intraindividual study, a total of 8 NBCCS patients presenting 27 BCCs were treated twice daily with 0.75% LDE225 cream or vehicle for 4 weeks. Application of 0.75% LDE225 cream was well tolerated and showed no skin irritation. Of 13 LDE225-treated BCCs, 3 showed a complete, 9 a partial, and only 1 no clinical response. Except for one partial response, the vehicle produced no clinical response in any of the 14 treated BCCs. Treatment with 0.75% LDE225 cream in NBCCS patients was very well tolerated and caused BCC regression, thus potentially offering an attractive therapeutic alternative to currently available therapies for this indication.JID JOURNAL CLUB ARTICLE: For questions, answers, and open discussion about this article, please go to http://www.nature.com/jid/journalclub.
Exchanging saturated fatty acids for (n-6) polyunsaturated fatty acids in a mixed meal may decrease postprandial lipemia and markers of inflammation and endothelial activity in overweight men.; Postprandial lipemia, low-grade systemic inflammation, and endothelial activity are related to metabolic disorders. It is well known that dietary fatty acid composition modulates postprandial lipemia, but information on the other metabolic risk markers is limited. We therefore studied the acute effects of a meal rich in SFA compared with those of a meal rich in (n-6) PUFA on postprandial responses in overweight men who are at an increased risk to develop the metabolic syndrome and its comorbidities. In a crossover design, the effects of 50 g butter (rich in SFA) on lipemia and markers for inflammation and endothelial activity were compared with those of 50 g sunflower oil [rich in (n-6) PUFA] during an 8-h postprandial mixed meal tolerance test in 13 overweight men. Postprandial changes in serum TG were comparable between the meals (P = 0.38), except for a reduction in the incremental area under the curve (P = 0.046) in the late postprandial phase after (n-6) PUFA (125 +/- 96 mmolminL(-1)) compared with SFA (148 +/- 98 mmolminL(-1)). Compared with the SFA meal, the (n-6) PUFA meal decreased plasma IL-6 (P = 0.003), TNFalpha (P = 0.005), soluble TNF receptors I and II (sTNFr; P = 0.024 and P < 0.001, respectively), and soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (sVCAM-1; P = 0.030) concentrations. These results indicate that exchanging SFA from butterfat for (n-6) PUFA in a mixed meal may decrease postprandial lipemia and concentrations of IL-6, TNFalpha, sTNFr-I and -II, and sVCAM-1 in overweight men.
Changing from regular-fat to low-fat dairy foods reduces saturated fat intake but not energy intake in 4-13-y-old children.; BACKGROUND: Dairy foods are nutrient rich but also a source of saturated fat in the diets of children., OBJECTIVE: We assessed effects on dietary intakes and health outcomes of changing dairy foods consumed by children from regular- to reduced-fat varieties., DESIGN: This study was a 24-wk cluster randomized controlled trial in 93 families with 4-13-y-olds who were randomly allocated to parental education regarding changing to reduced-fat dairy foods (n = 76 children) or reducing screen time (n = 69 children). Study outcomes, which were measured at weeks 0, 12 (end of the intervention), and 24, included saturated fat, energy, and nutrient intakes; pentadecanoic acid and blood lipid concentrations; body mass index z score; and waist circumference. Multilevel analyses were used with adjustment for child- and family-level covariates., RESULTS: There were no group differences in overall dairy intakes (-45 g dairy; 95% CI: -141, 51 g dairy; P = 0.356). Saturated fat intakes were 3.3 percentage points lower (P < 0.0001) in the intervention group at week 24 than in the comparison group. Pentadecanoic acid concentrations were lower at week 12 (0.03%; P = 0.012) but not at week 24. LDL-cholesterol concentrations were not different at week 12, but LDL-cholesterol concentration was 0.15 mmol/L lower in the intervention group at week 24 than in the comparison group (P = 0.037). There were no significant group differences in total energy or adiposity measures. Regular-fat dairy foods decreased from 88% to 14% of dairy intake in the intervention group. Calcium, magnesium, and carbohydrate (percentage of energy) intakes were higher in the intervention group than in the comparison group; retinol intakes were lower in the intervention group than in the comparison group; and overall vitamin A intakes were similar between groups., CONCLUSION: Advice to parents to change to reduced-fat products was effective in reducing children's saturated fat intakes but did not alter energy intakes or measures of adiposity. This trial was registered in the Australia New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry as ACTRN12609000453280.
Varying protein source and quantity do not significantly improve weight loss, fat loss, or satiety in reduced energy diets among midlife adults.; We hypothesized that a whey protein diet would result in greater weight loss and improved body composition compared with standard weight loss diets. Weight change, body composition, and renin-angiotensin aldosterone system activity in midlife adults were compared between diet groups. Eighteen subjects enrolled in a 5-month study of 8-week controlled food intake followed by 12-weeks ad libitum intake. Subjects were randomized to 1 of 3 treatment groups: control diet (CD) (55% carbohydrate/15% protein/30% fat), mixed protein (40% carbohydrate/30% protein/30% fat), or whey protein (WP) (40% carbohydrate/15% mixed protein/15% whey protein/30% fat). Measurements included weight, metabolic measures, body composition by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, and resting energy expenditure. No statistically significant differences in total weight loss or total fat loss were observed between treatments; however, a trend toward greater total weight loss (P = .08) and total fat loss (P = .09) was observed in the WP group compared with the CD group. Fat loss in the leg and gynoid regions was greater (P < .05) in the WP group than the CD group. No renin-angiotensin aldosterone system-mediated response was observed, but a decrease in systolic blood pressure was significantly greater (P < .05) in the WP group compared with the CD group. In summary, increased whey protein intake did not result in statistically significant differences in weight loss or in total fat loss, but significant differences in regional fat loss and in decreased blood pressure were observed in the WP group. Copyright © 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Comparison of topical 3% diclofenac sodium gel and 5% imiquimod cream for the treatment of actinic keratoses.; BACKGROUND: There is a wide spectrum of treatments available for actinic keratosis (AK). Topical diclofenac sodium and imiquimod are two topical treatments, which are noninvasive, easily applied, well-tolerated and effective., AIM: To compare the effects of topical 3% diclofenac sodium plus hyaluranon (DFS) gel, 5% imiquimod (IMQ) cream, and base cream (BC) in patients with AK., METHODS: In total, 61 patients, diagnosed clinically and histopathologically as having AK, were randomized into three treatment groups to receive topical treatment with either DFS (twice daily for 12 weeks), IMQ (twice per week for 16 weeks) or BC (twice daily for 12 weeks). Patients were evaluated clinically at 0, 4, 8, 12, 16, 20 and 24 weeks. Treatment efficacy was assessed by Total Thickness Score (TTS) and Patient Global Improvement Index (PGII)., RESULTS: Complete clearance rates for DFS, IMQ and BC at the end of the treatment and at the end of the total follow-up period were 19.1%, 20% and 0%, and 14.3%, 45% and 0%, respectively. Although the average TTS value of the DFS group at week 24 was significantly higher than that of the IMQ group, the PGII values were not significantly different., CONCLUSIONS: Although DFS and IMQ each had considerable efficacy in the treatment of AK, the efficacy of DFS seemed to decrease after cessation of treatment. Copyright © The Author(s). CED © 2011 British Association of Dermatologists.
Improved growth of toddlers fed a milk containing synbiotics.; Bifidobacterium longum (BL999), Lactobacillus rhamonosus (LPR), prebiotics (inulin and fructo-oligosaccharides), and long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA) are believed to have health benefits. In a randomized, double-blind, controlled trial we compared growth and development of toddlers fed milk containing synbiotics (BL999, LPR, and prebiotics) and LCPUFA or a control milk. Three hundred and ninety three healthy, 12 month-old toddlers were fed approximately 400 mL/day for 12 months. Anthropometric measurements were taken at 12, 14, and 16 months. Toddlers' response to measles and hepatitis A vaccine was measured at 16 months, and Bayley scale for motor, cognitive, and behavioral functions made at 24 months. The primary outcome was weight gain between 12 and 16 months. Secondary outcomes were gain in length, head circumference, and body mass index, gastrointestinal tolerance (stool characteristics), stool bacterial counts, safety, anti-vaccine IgG, and neurodevelopment. Weight gain was greater in the synbiotics group (mean+/-SD, 7.57+/-4.13 g/day) compared with the control group (6.64+/-4.08 g/day). The difference of 0.93 g/day (with a 95% confidence interval of 0.12 to 1.75) is significant (p=0.025). The gain in the synbiotics group resulted in a change in z-score weight-for-age closer to WHO Child Growth Standard. There was a significant increase in lactobacilli and enterococci counts between 12 months and 16 months in the synbiotic group. We conclude that in healthy toddlers milk containing synbiotics and LCPUFA provides better growth and promotes favorable gut colonization, as shown by higher Lactobacillus counts.
Dairy consumption and metabolic syndrome: a systematic review of findings and methodological issues.; A growing body of observational research suggests that dairy consumption may have a beneficial effect on the metabolic syndrome (MetS). MetS is a clustering of cardiometabolic risk factors within an individual that carries with it an increased risk of developing cardiovascular disease. A systematic search of electronic databases identified cross-sectional studies (n = 10) and prospective cohort studies (n = 3) that assessed dairy intake in relation to MetS. The quality of the included studies was assessed based on study methodology, measurement and reporting of dietary intake, use of standardized MetS diagnostic criteria and statistical analysis. Dairy intake was inversely associated with incidence or prevalence of MetS in seven out of 13 studies. Three studies found no association between dairy and MetS. Three studies reported mixed relationships between specific dairy foods and MetS. The majority of studies suggested a potential benefit of dairy consumption on the risk of having MetS, but methodological differences, potential biases and other limitations in the studies conducted prevent conclusions to be drawn. Future randomized controlled trials are needed to confirm the effect of dairy consumption on MetS. Copyright © 2011 The Authors. obesity reviews © 2011 International Association for the Study of Obesity.
Consumption of a plant sterol-based spread derived from rice bran oil is effective at reducing plasma lipid levels in mildly hypercholesterolaemic individuals.; To establish the effectiveness of a new phytosterol-containing spread derived from rice bran oil (RBO), a randomised, double-blind, cross-over human clinical trial was conducted over 12 weeks. A total of eighty mildly hypercholesterolaemic (total blood cholesterol level >= 5 and <= 7.5 mmol/l with a serum TAG level of <= 4.5 mmol/l) individuals were randomised into two groups (n 40). Group 1 consumed spread only daily for 4 weeks. They were randomised to consume 20 g RBO spread (RBOS), 20 g standard spread (SS) or 20 g phytosterol-enriched spread (PS). After a 4-week period, individuals changed to the next randomised treatment until all three treatments had been consumed. Group 2 consumed spread plus oil daily for 4 weeks. They consumed 20 g RBOS plus 30 ml RBO, 20 g SS plus 30 ml sunflower oil or 20 g RBOS. Blood samples were collected for the analysis of lipid parameters, and 3 d diet records were collected. Compared with SS, RBOS significantly reduced total cholesterol by 2.2 % (P = 0.045), total cholesterol:HDL by 4.1 % (P = 0.005) and LDL-cholesterol by 3.5 % (P = 0.016), but was not as effective overall as PS, which reduced total cholesterol by 4.4 % (P = 0.001), total cholesterol:HDL by 3.4 % (P = 0.014) and LDL-cholesterol by 5.6 % (P = 0.001). In group 2, the addition of RBO to the RBOS produced no differences in cholesterol levels. These results confirm that RBOS is effective in lowering serum cholesterol when consumed as part of a normal diet.
Impact of Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis BB-12 and, Lactobacillus acidophilus LA-5-containing yoghurt, on fecal bacterial counts of healthy adults.; This randomized, placebo-controlled, double blind, parallel dose-response study investigated the impact of 4-week commercial yoghurt consumption supplemented with Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis (BB-12) and Lactobacillus acidophilus (LA-5) on fecal bacterial counts of healthy adults. Fifty-eight volunteers were randomly assigned to three different groups: 1. placebo (no probiotic, no starter and no green tea extract); 2. Yoptimal (10(9)cfu/100g of BB-12 and LA-5 and 40mg of green tea extract) and 3. Yoptimal-10 (10(10)cfu/100g of BB-12, 10(9)cfu/100g of LA-5 and 40mg of green tea extract). These yoghurt products also contained Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus (10(7)cfu/100g) and Streptococcus thermophilus (10(10)cfu/100g). The quantitative PCR (qPCR) results showed that there were significant increases (P=0.02) in bifidobacteria counts with the Yoptimal treatment as compared to baseline. The fecal numbers of B. animalis subsp. lactis and LA-5 significantly increased in the two probiotic treatments compared to the placebo treatment. Viable counts of fecal lactobacilli were significantly higher (P=0.05) and those of enterococci were significantly lower (P=0.04) after the intervention when compared to placebo. No significant difference was observed between treatments in volunteers' weight, waist girth, blood pressure, fasting plasma triglyceride and HDL-C concentrations, as well as cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol ratio. However, a significant increase in plasma cholesterol levels was observed in the placebo group (P=0.0018) but the levels remained stable in the two probiotic yoghurt groups. These results show that probiotic strains supplemented in the form of yoghurt remain active during gut transit and are associated with an increase in beneficial bacteria and a reduction in potentially pathogenic bacteria. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00730626. Copyright © 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Daily consumption of vitamin D- or vitamin D + calcium-fortified yogurt drink improved glycemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes: a randomized clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: Low serum concentrations of 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] have been associated with impaired glucose tolerance and diabetes., OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to compare the effects of daily intake of vitamin D- or vitamin D(3) + calcium-fortified yogurt drink on glycemic status in subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D)., DESIGN: Ninety diabetic subjects were randomly allocated to 3 groups to consume plain yogurt drink (PY; containing no vitamin D and 150 mg Ca/250 mL), vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink (DY; containing 500 IU vitamin D(3) and 150 mg Ca/250 mL), or vitamin D + calcium-fortified yogurt drink (DCY; containing 500 IU vitamin D(3) and 250 mg Ca/250 mL) twice per day for 12 wk. Fasting serum glucose (FSG), glycated hemoglobin (Hb A(1c)), homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), serum lipid profile, and percentage fat mass (FM) were assessed before (baseline) and after the intervention., RESULTS: In both the DY and DCY groups, mean serum 25(OH)D(3) improved (+32.8 +/- 28.4 and +28.8 +/- 16.1 nmol/L, respectively; P < 0.001 for both), but FSG [-12.9 +/- 33.7 mg/dL (P = 0.015) and -9.6 +/- 46.9 mg/dL (P = 0.035)], Hb A(1c) [-0.4 +/- 1.2% (P < 0.001) and -0.4 +/- 1.9% (P < 0.001)], HOMA-IR [-0.6 +/- 1.4 (P = 0.001) and -0.6 +/- 3.2 (P < 0.001)], waist circumference (-3.6 +/- 2.7 and -2.9 +/- 3.3; P < 0.001 for both), and body mass index [in kg/m(2); -0.9 +/- 0.6 (P < 0.001) and -0.4 +/- 0.7 (P = 0.005)] decreased significantly more than in the PY group. An inverse correlation was observed between changes in serum 25(OH)D(3) and FSG (r = -0.208, P = 0.049), FM (r = -0.219, P = 0.038), and HOMA-IR (r = -0.219, P = 0.005)., CONCLUSION: Daily intake of a vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink, either with or without added calcium, improved glycemic status in T2D patients. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01229891.
Dietary cocoa butter or refined olive oil does not alter postprandial hsCRP and IL-6 concentrations in healthy women.; Contrary to other long chain saturated fatty acids (SFA), fats high in stearic acid do not raise plasma cholesterol concentrations, however, a slight elevation in inflammatory markers, plasma fibrinogen and interleukin-6 (IL-6), has been observed in the fasting state. The effect of stearic acid on inflammation in the postprandial state has not yet been reported. We conducted a single blind crossover, randomized, postprandial study to compare the effects of a fat load of cocoa butter high in stearic acid and olive oil in ten healthy women. The test meals contained 1 g of fat per kg body weight (mean 62 g). Blood samples were collected at 0 (fasting), 4 and 6 h. Both diets resulted in a significant increase in serum triacylglycerol (TAG) concentration over time (P = 0.003) and a decrease in serum IL-6 concentration after 4 h followed by an increase to post absorptive values after 6 h (P < 0.001); whereas serum high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) concentration was not affected. There was no difference between diets in effects on serum TAG, hsCRP and IL-6 concentrations and no association between postprandial lipemia and inflammatory markers. High intake of dietary fats increase postprandial serum TAG, however, may not affect inflammatory markers postprandially. Thus, fat rich in stearic acid does not seem to increase postprandial inflammation.
Benefit of a topical slimming cream in conjunction with dietary advice.; The aim of this study was to determine how worthwhile it would be to combine a newly developed topical slimming product with customized dietary habits not based on calorie restriction, so as to improve the cellulite appearance of the skin. At the beginning of the study, a nutritionist recorded the dietary habits of each participant and gave recommendations to each of them according to their food consumption. The chosen methodology was a right/left comparison, one thigh and hip being treated with the new topical slimming product and the other one left untreated to serve as a random control. Objective evaluations were performed by blind assessors. Control of food intake improved the cellulite score after 4 weeks when compared with the base value, but this reduction was significantly greater and earlier on the treated side than on the untreated side, indicating an objective additional benefit derived from the new slimming cream. This result corroborated the slimming effect assessed by measurement in centimetres of the circumference of the upper thighs and the reconstructed volume of the thigh between two fixed horizontal slices. Furthermore, skin tonicity, a major component of cellulite visibility, was also significantly improved on the treated side after only 2 weeks. This new topical cream thus enhances the benefit of a dietetic control for the treatment of the visible aspect of cellulite on the skin. Copyright © 2011 The Authors. ICS © 2011 Society of Cosmetic Scientists and the Societe Francaise de Cosmetologie.
Complete clearance is sustained for at least 12 months after treatment of actinic keratoses of the face or balding scalp via daily dosing with imiquimod 3.75% or 2.5% cream.; OBJECTIVE: Assess long-term, sustained, complete clearance of actinic keratoses after treatment with imiquimod 3.75% or 2.5% cream using two two-week or three-week cycles of daily dosing., METHODS: Adults with five to 20 baseline actinic keratoses who achieved complete clearance at the eight-week post-treatment visit in four phase 3 placebo-controlled treatment studies were followed for an additional 12 months., RESULTS: For imiquimod 3.75% and 2.5% cream, respectively, complete clearance was sustained for 12 months in 17/42 (40.5%) and 13/39 (33.3%) subjects from the two-week cycle studies, and in 23/48 (47.9%) and 16/37 (43.2%) subjects from the three-week cycle studies. There were no safety concerns during the follow-up., CONCLUSION: In subjects with a median of eight to nine baseline actinic keratoses who achieved complete clearance after treatment of the full face or balding scalp with topical imiquimod 3.75% cream, complete clearance of all lesions (baseline, recurrent or new) was sustained in >= 40 percent of subjects for at least 14 months after the last dose. Clinicaltrials.gov identifier NCT00668733.
Dairy calcium intake modifies responsiveness of fat metabolism and blood lipids to a high-fat diet.; Intervention studies have demonstrated that saturated fat increases total and LDL-cholesterol concentrations, and it is therefore recommended that the intake of high-fat dairy products be limited. However, observational studies have found an inverse relationship between the intake of dairy products and incidence of CVD. We aimed to study whether the Ca content of dairy products influences the effect of dairy fat on the lipid profile. The study had a randomised cross-over design. Subjects (n 9) were randomised to one of the sequence of four isoenergetic 10 d diets: low Ca and low fat (LC/LF: approximately 700 mg Ca/d, 25 % of energy (fat); high Ca and LF (HC/LF: approximately 2800 mg Ca/d, 25 % of energy fat); LC and high fat (LC/HF: approximately 700 mg Ca/d, 49 E% fat); or HC and HF (approximately 2800 mg Ca/d, 49 E% fat). Blood variables were measured before and after each diet period, and faeces and urine were collected at the end of each diet period. A two-way ANOVA was used to examine the effect of Ca and fat intake. Independent of Ca intake, the HF diet increased the concentrations of total (9 %; P < 0.0001), LDL (14 %; P < 0.0001)- and HDL (13 %; P = 0.0002)-cholesterol compared with the LF diet. However, independent of fat intake, the HC diet decreased the concentrations of total (4 %; P = 0.0051) and LDL-cholesterol (10 %; P < 0.0001) but not HDL-cholesterol compared with the LC diet. In addition, total:HDL-cholesterol was decreased (5 %; P = 0.0299), and HDL:LDL was increased (12 %; P = 0.0097) by the HC diet compared with the LC diet. Faecal fat excretion was increased by both the HC (P < 0.0001) and HF (P = 0.0052) diets. In conclusion, we observed that dairy Ca seems to partly counteract the raising effect of dairy fat on total and LDL-cholesterol, without reducing HDL-cholesterol.
Diet induced thermogenesis, fat oxidation and food intake following sequential meals: influence of calcium and vitamin D.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: The mechanisms linking dietary calcium and vitamin D to body weight regulation require confirmation., METHODS: Eleven subjects, aged (mean +/- SEM) 54 +/- 1.2 y and BMI 31 +/- 2.4 kg/m(2), participated in a randomised within-subject, sequential meal protocol comparing a low calcium trial (LCT) to an isoenergetic high calcium trial (HCT). Diet induced thermogenesis (DIT), fat oxidation rates (FOR), serum leptin, subjective feelings of hunger/satiety were measured at fasting and hourly over 8 h. Spontaneous food intake at a buffet and over the following 30 h was recorded. Postprandial responses, calculated as change (DELTA) from baseline for each meal, were analysed by paired t-tests and 2 x 2 repeated measures ANOVA., RESULTS: HCT resulted in lesser suppression of DELTAFOR (p = 0.02) and a significantly greater DIT (p = 0.01). Further, the buffet to dinner interval was prolonged (p = 0. 083) and reported 24 h energy intake following this trial was significantly reduced (p = 0.017). leptin following HCT but not LCT was negatively related to 24 h fat intake (r = -0.81, p = 0.016)., CONCLUSIONS: Higher calcium and vitamin D intake at a breakfast meal acutely increased postprandial FOR and DIT over two successive meals, and reduced spontaneous energy intake in the subsequent 24 h period. Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry (ANZCTR) number: ACTRN12609000418279. Copyright © 2010 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Effects of a supra-sustained gelatin-milk protein diet compared with (supra-)sustained milk protein diets on body-weight loss.; Diets higher in protein content result in increased satiety and energy expenditure. In the short term, gelatin showed stronger hunger suppression and less subsequent energy intake compared with other proteins. The present study investigated whether a supra-sustained gelatin-milk protein (GMP) diet promotes weight loss compared with a sustained milk protein (SMP) diet and a supra-sustained milk protein (SSMP) diet during an 8-week diet period. A total of seventy-two healthy subjects (31.2 (sd 4.8) kg/m2; 43 (sd 10) years) followed one of the three diets in a subject-specific amount: SMP, SSMP or GMP diet. During weeks 1-4, energy intake was 100 % of individual energy requirement: 10, 40 and 50 % of energy (En %) as protein, fat and carbohydrate, respectively (SMP diet), and 20, 30 and 50 En % as protein, fat and carbohydrate, respectively (SSMP diet or GMP diet). During weeks 5-8, energy intake was 33 % of individual energy requirement: 30, 35 and 35 En % as protein, fat and carbohydrate, respectively (SMP diet), and 60, 5 and 35 En % as protein, fat and carbohydrate, respectively (SSMP diet or GMP diet). Thus, absolute protein intake was kept constant throughout per subject. Significant decreases in BMI (P < 0.0001) were similar between the GMP ( - 1.7 (sd 0.5) kg/m2) and the SMP ( - 2.1 (sd 0.8) kg/m2) and SSMP ( - 1.6 (sd 0.5) kg/m2) diets. Decreases in fat-free mass (FFM), fat mass (FM) and FM %, and increases in FFM % were similar between the GMP and both control diets. Changes in RQ differed (P < 0.05) between the GMP ( - 0.01 (sd 0.06)) and SSMP ( - 0.04 (sd 0.04)) diets. Changes in HDL concentrations differed (P < 0.05) between the GMP ( - 0.21 (sd 0.18) mmol/l) and the SMP and SSMP diets ( - 0.08 (sd 0.18) mmol/l and - 0.09 (sd 0.26) mmol/l, respectively). In conclusion, a gelatin-milk protein diet does not induce more beneficial effects during an 8-week weight-loss period compared with a SMP or SSMP diet.
Acute effects of whey protein isolate on blood pressure, vascular function and inflammatory markers in overweight postmenopausal women.; Previous evidence indicates that chronic consumption of dairy whey proteins has beneficial effects on CVD risk factors. The present study investigated the postprandial effects of whey protein isolate on blood pressure, vascular function and inflammatory markers in overweight and obese postmenopausal women. This was a randomised, three-way cross-over design study where twenty overweight and obese postmenopausal women consumed a breakfast meal in conjunction with one of three supplements: 45 g whey protein isolate, 45 g sodium caseinate or 45 g of a glucose control. Fasting and postprandial blood samples, blood pressure and pulse wave analysis readings were taken for up to 6 h. After consumption of the meal, both systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and augmentation index (AI) decreased initially for all interventions and gradually returned to baseline levels by 6 h. However, there were no significant differences in AI, systolic or diastolic blood pressure within or between the glucose control, casein or whey groups. There were also no significant group effects on plasma inflammatory markers (IL-6, TNF-alpha and C-reactive protein). The health effects previously seen with chronic whey protein ingestion were not seen in the acute 6 h postprandial period in relation to blood pressure, vascular function or inflammatory markers when compared with casein and a glucose control. This suggests that such effects are better observed from the long-term consumption of whey proteins.
The effect of galactagogue herbal tea on breast milk production and short-term catch-up of birth weight in the first week of life.; OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to evaluate whether consumption of maternal herbal tea containing fenugreek had any effects on breast milk production and infants' weight gain pattern in the early postnatal period., DESIGN AND SUBJECTS: Sixty-six (66) mother-infant pairs were randomly assigned to 3 groups. Group 1 (n = 22) consisted of mothers who were receiving herbal tea containing fenugreek every day. Group 2 (n = 22) and group 3 (n = 22) were assigned as placebo and controls, respectively., OUTCOME MEASURES: Birth weight, loss of birth weight, time of regain of birth weight, amount of breast milk assessed on the third day after delivery were determined., RESULTS: Maximum weight loss was significantly lower in infants in group 1 compared to both the placebo and control groups (p < 0.05). Infants in group 1 regained their birth weight earlier than those in control and placebo groups (p < 0.05). The mean measured breast milk volume of the mothers who received galactagogue tea was significantly higher than the placebo and control groups (p < 0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: Maternal galactagogue herbal tea supplementation seems to be useful for enhancing breast milk production and facilitating infant birth weight regain in early postnatal days.
The whey fermentation product malleable protein matrix decreases triglyceride concentrations in subjects with hypercholesterolemia: a randomized placebo-controlled trial.; Malleable protein matrix (MPM) is a unique whey-derived ingredient obtained through a fermentation process using proprietary lactic acid bacteria strains from the Lactobacillus kefiranofaciens species. Because evidence from animal models suggests that MPM decreases serum lipid concentrations, the purpose of the present trial was to assess the hypothesis that MPM exerts lipid-lowering effects in humans. A total of 161 subjects (50% male; age 54.5 +/- 9.8 yr, body mass index 26.3 +/- 3.6 kg/m(2)) with hypercholesterolemia with baseline low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels of 181 +/- 30 mg/dL and normal triglyceride (TG) levels (131 +/- 55 mg/dL) were randomized to receive MPM (2 x 15 g/d) or matching placebo. A 6-wk run-in phase was followed by a double-blind 12-wk treatment phase after randomization. The data were analyzed on an intention-to-treat basis. The primary outcome measure was the percentage change of LDL-C. The secondary outcome measures were changes in TG and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations as well as changes in other cardiovascular risk factors. After 12 wk of treatment, the relative TG decrease from baseline reached 9.8%, whereas LDL-C was slightly decreased (by 1.5%) following MPM treatment compared with placebo in the intention-to-treat cohort. The treatment effect on TG reduction was much higher in the subset of subjects having TG levels at baseline of 150 mg/dL or above (n=42), reaching 20.0% compared with placebo. High-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations, blood pressure, and fasting blood glucose remained unchanged, whereas a positive treatment effect was seen on hemoglobin A(1c). The MPM product was tolerated well without severe adverse events. In conclusion, MPM has significant TG-lowering properties in subjects with combined hypercholesterolemia and higher TG levels. Its effects on LDL-C concentrations and glucose metabolism deserve further investigation. Copyright A© 2011 American Dairy Science Association. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Outcomes of human milk-fed premature infants.; Significant benefits to infant host defense, sensory-neural development, gastrointestinal maturation, and some aspects of nutritional status are observed when premature infants are fed their mothers' own milk. A reduction in infection-related morbidity in human milk-fed premature infants has been reported in nearly a dozen descriptive, and a few quasi-randomized, studies in the past 25 years. Human milk-fed infants also have decreased rates of rehospitalization for illness after discharge. Studies on neurodevelopmental outcomes have reported significantly positive effects for human milk intake in the neonatal period and long-term mental and motor development, intelligence quotient, and visual acuity through adolescence. Body composition in adolescence also is associated with human milk intake in the neonatal intensive care unit. Finally, human milk intake is less associated with the development of the metabolic syndrome than infant formula feeding. Copyright © 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Comparison of imiquimod 5% cream versus radiotherapy as treatment for eyelid basal cell carcinoma.; BACKGROUND: To compare the efficacy, cosmesis and tolerance of two non-surgical treatments-imiquimod (IMQ) 5% cream and radiotherapy (RT)-to combat periocular nodular basal cell carcinoma (BCC)., METHODS: Twenty-seven patients with clinical and histopathological diagnosis of nodular BCC on the eyelid were included and randomly selected: 15 patients were treated with IMQ 5% cream once daily, 5 days/week for 6 weeks, and 12 patients were treated with RT., RESULTS: All tumours showed histopathological remission within 3 months of the treatment, and sustained clinical remission was documented in each patient after 24 months' follow-up. Treatment tolerability was rated as moderate with IMQ and good with RT. Functional results were better in patients treated with IMQ. Loss of eyelashes was reported for most of the patients treated with RT., CONCLUSIONS: IMQ and RT therapies are effective for treating eyelid nodular BCCs. Cosmesis and functional results were better with IMQ, while tolerability was higher with RT.
School milk and risk of colorectal cancer: a national case-control study.; To determine whether school milk consumption in childhood decreased the risk of adult colorectal cancer, the authors conducted a national population-based, case-control study of 562 cases and 571 controls. The authors identified new cases of colorectal cancer in 2007 among people aged 30-69 years from the New Zealand Cancer Registry. Controls were randomly selected from the electoral rolls and frequency matched to cases in 5-year age groups. Participation in school milk programs was associated with a reduced odds ratio for colorectal cancer (odds ratio (OR) = 0.70, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.51, 0.96). Odds ratios decreased with increasing numbers of bottles of milk drunk compared with no school milk (for 1-799 bottles, OR = 1.04, 95% CI: 0.66, 1.67; for 800-1,199 bottles, OR = 0.81, 95% CI: 0.51, 1.29; for 1,200-1,599 bottles, OR = 0.62, 95% CI: 0.41, 0.93; for 1,600-1,799 bottles, OR = 0.57, 95% CI: 0.37, 0.90; and for 1,800 or more bottles, OR = 0.62, 95% CI: 0.41, 0.96). Participation in school milk programs in New Zealand was associated with a 2.1% reduction (95% CI: 0.7, 3.5) in the odds ratio for colorectal cancer for every 100 half-pint bottles drunk (1 half-pint bottle = 284 mL).
Milk supplementation facilitates appetite control in obese women during weight loss: a randomised, single-blind, placebo-controlled trial.; Dairy products provide Ca and protein which may facilitate appetite control. Conversely, weight loss is known to increase the motivation to eat. This randomised controlled trial verified the influence of milk supplementation on appetite markers during weight loss. Low Ca consumer women participated in a 6-month energy-restricted programme (-2508 kJ/d or -600 kcal/d) and received either a milk supplementation (1000 mg Ca/d) or an isoenergetic placebo (n 13 and 12, respectively). Fasting appetite sensations were assessed by visual analogue scales. Anthropometric parameters and fasting plasma concentrations of glucose, insulin, leptin, ghrelin and cortisol were measured as well. Both groups showed a significant weight loss (P < 0.0001). In the milk-supplemented group, a time x treatment interaction effect showed that weight loss with milk supplementation induced a smaller increase in desire to eat and hunger (P < 0.05). Unlike the placebo group, the milk-supplemented group showed a lower than predicted decrease in fullness (-17.1 v. -8.8; -2.7 v. 3.3 mm, P < 0.05, measured v. predicted values, respectively). Even after adjustment for fat mass loss, changes in ghrelin concentration predicted those in desire to eat (r 0.56, P < 0.01), hunger (r 0.45, P < 0.05) and fullness (r -0.40, P < 0.05). However, the study did not show a between-group difference in the change in ghrelin concentration in response to the intervention. These results show that milk supplementation attenuates the orexigenic effect of body weight loss.
Early enteral nutrition with whey protein or casein in elderly patients with acute ischemic stroke: a double-blind randomized trial.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of an early enteral formula containing whey protein, in comparison to a standard enteral formula containing casein as the protein source, on the levels of glutathione and inflammatory markers in aged patients with acute ischemic stroke., METHODS: Thirty-one elderly patients (12 males and 19 females; median age = 74 [range,65-90] y old) with ischemic stroke were randomized to receive early nasogastric feeding (35 kcal/kg/d and 1.2 g of protein/kg/d) with either a formula containing polymeric [corrected] casein (casein group, n =16) or another isocaloric and isonitrogenous formula containing hydrolyzed whey protein (WP group, n = 15) for 5 d. The primary endpoints of the study were the changes in the serum levels of glutathione peroxidase, C-reactive protein (CRP), and interleukin 6 (IL-6)., RESULTS: Twenty-five patients completed the study (10 in the WP group and 15 in the casein group). Mortality was similar between groups (33%; P = 1.00) and was associated with higher serum IL-6 (73.7 +/- 24.7 versus 16.6 +/- 2.4 pg/dL; P = 0.04) and CRP (82.0 +/- 35.6 versus 48.3 +/- 14.5 mg/L; P = 0.02) levels. Albumin levels dropped from the first to the fifth feeding day only in the casein group (P < 0.01). Serum IL-6 decreased (62.7 +/- 47.2 to 20.6 +/- 10.3 pg/dL; P = 0.02) and glutathione increased (32.2 +/- 2.1 to 39.9 +/- 6.8 U/G Hb; P = 0.03) only in the WP group. Serum IL-6 was lower (P = 0.03) and glutathione was higher (P = 0.03) in whey protein-fed patients than in the casein group., CONCLUSION: Enteral formula containing whey protein may decrease inflammation and increase antioxidant defenses in elderly patients with ischemic stroke, compared to casein-containing formula. Copyright © 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of short-chain fructooligosaccharides on satiety responses in healthy men and women.; In view of a dramatic increase in the incidence of obesity, the present study examined the appetite effects of a functional fiber as a potential dietary intervention. Fiber may increase satiety. Satiety effects also may be linked to colonic fermentation. Short-chain fructooligosaccharide (scFOS) are fermentable fibers that can be added to foods to influence these actions. The primary objective of this study was to determine if scFOS affects satiety and hunger and has an additive effect on food intake. Using a double-blind crossover design, 20 healthy subjects were assigned to consume two separate doses of 0 g, 5 g, or 8 g of scFOS. The first dose was mixed into a hot cocoa beverage and served with a breakfast meal of a bagel and cream cheese. A beverage was used in the test meal due to the ease with which scFOS can be added to this medium. Satiety was assessed with visual analogue scales (VASs) at 0, 15, 30, 45, 60, 90, 120, 180, and 240 min. Ad libitum food intake was measured at a lunch meal provided at the test site at 240 min. Subjects then recorded their food intake over the remainder of the 24-h study day. The second dose of scFOS was consumed in the form of 3 solid, chocolate-flavored chews (51-67 total kcal) without additional food or drink, 2h prior to the subject's dinner meal. Breath hydrogen measures were collected prior to the breakfast test meal (0 min) and the ad libitum lunch (240 min). Gastrointestinal tolerance was evaluated over the course of the 24-h study day using VAS. All treatments were well tolerated. No differences in subjective satiety over the morning, or food intake at lunch, were found. Over the remainder of the day, the high dose of scFOS reduced food intake in women, but increased food intake in men, suggesting a gender difference in the longer-term response. Breath hydrogen, used as a marker of fermentation, increased in a dose-dependent manner. These results indicate that scFOS undergoes fermentation within 240 min; however, acceptable amounts of scFOS did not enhance acute satiety or hunger. Copyright © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Galactose promotes fat mobilization in obese lactating and nonlactating women.; BACKGROUND: Galactose consumption as the only carbohydrate source results in little increase in plasma glucose and insulin concentrations when compared with fasting. Lower insulin might promote endogenous lipolysis during meal absorption, which may facilitate fat loss., OBJECTIVE: The objective was to test the hypothesis that consumption of an isocaloric, isonitrogenous galactose drink will result in higher rates of lipolysis and fat oxidation than consumption of a glucose drink in obese lactating and nonlactating women., DESIGN: Seven healthy, obese, exclusively breastfeeding women and 7 healthy, obese, nonlactating women were studied on 2 occasions according to a randomized, crossover, single-blinded design. Subjects received drinks providing =70% of the daily estimated energy requirement, of which 60% was either glucose or galactose. The primary outcomes were the rate of appearance (Ra) of glycerol and palmitate, and the secondary outcomes were glucose Ra, milk production, energy expenditure, and substrate oxidation., RESULTS: Plasma glucose and insulin concentrations were lower (P < 0.05) and those of glycerol, palmitate, free fatty acids, and triglycerides were higher (P < 0.05) during galactose than during glucose feeding in both nonlactating and lactating women. During galactose feeding, glucose Ra was lower (P < 0.01) and glycerol, palmitate, and free fatty acid Ra were higher (P < 0.01) in both groups. During galactose feeding in all women combined, fat oxidation was higher (P = 0.01) and protein oxidation was lower (P < 0.01). Milk production, energy expenditure, and carbohydrate oxidation were similar between glucose and galactose feeding., CONCLUSIONS: Galactose consumption is associated with higher endogenous fat mobilization and oxidation during meal absorption. Long-term studies are required to determine whether galactose as an exclusive carbohydrate source would promote body fat loss in obese subjects.
Primary hyperlipidemias in children: effect of plant sterol supplementation on plasma lipids and markers of cholesterol synthesis and absorption.; Plant sterols lower serum cholesterol concentration. Available data have confirmed the lipid-lowering efficacy in adults, while there is a relative dearth of data in children and almost exclusively restricted to subjects with familial hypercholesterolemia (FH). Aim of the present study was to evaluate the efficacy, tolerability and safety of plant sterol supplementation in children with different forms of primary hyperlipidemias. The effect of plant sterol consumption on plasma lipids was evaluated in 32 children with heterozygous FH, 13 children with Familial Combined Hyperlipidemia (FCH) and 13 children with Undefined Hypercholesterolemia (UH) in a 12-week open-label intervention study using plant sterol-enriched yoghurt. Plasma lipids and apolipoproteins were measured by routine methods. Markers of cholesterol synthesis (lathosterol) and absorption (campesterol and sitosterol) were measured by GC-MS. Tolerability and adherence to recommended regimen was very high. A significant reduction was observed in LDL-cholesterol in the three groups (10.7, 14.2 and 16.0% in FH, FCH and UH, respectively). Lathosterol concentrations were unchanged, reflecting a lack of increased synthesis of cholesterol. Of the two absorption markers, only sitosterol showed a slight but significant increase. Daily consumption of plant sterol dairy products favorably changes lipid profile by reducing LDL-cholesterol. To our knowledge, this is the first report of the use of plant sterols-enriched foods in treating children with primary hyperlipidemia such as FCH and UH, likely to be the most frequent form also in the young age in the western populations.
Serum lipid responses to phytosterol-enriched milk in a moderate hypercholesterolemic population is not affected by apolipoprotein E polymorphism or diameter of low-density lipoprotein particles.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The importance of both low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDLc) size and the apolipoprotein E (Apo E) in the atherogenic process is known, but there is little information with regard to the effect of phytosterols (PS) on these parameters. The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of PS on lipid profile and LDLc size according to Apo E genotype., SUBJECTS/METHODS: This was a randomized parallel trial employing 75 mild-hypercholesterolemic subjects and consisting of two 3-month intervention phases. After 3 months of receiving a standard healthy diet, subjects were divided into two intervention groups: a diet group (n=34) and a diet+PS group (n=41) that received 2 g/day of PS. Total cholesterol (TC), triacylglycerols, LDLc, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLc), non-HDLc, Apo A-I and B-100, LDLc size and Apo E genotype were determined., RESULTS: Patients receiving PS exhibited a significant decrease in TC (5.1%), LDLc (8.1%), non-HDLc (7.4%) and Apo B-100/Apo A-I ratio (7.7%), but these effects did not depend on Apo E genotype. No significant changes were found in lipid profile according to Apo E genotype when patients following dietary recommendations were considered as a whole population or separately. No variations in LDLc size were observed in any of the intervention groups., CONCLUSION: The results of this study show that Apo E genotype does not have an impact on the lipid response to PS as a cholesterol-lowering agent in mild-hypercholesterolemic patients. Furthermore, the evidence obtained confirms that LDLc particle size is not modified when PS are added to a standard healthy diet.
Gastrointestinal transit, post-prandial lipaemia and satiety following 3 days high-fat diet in men.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: High-fat (HF) diets of 2 weeks have been shown to accelerate gastric emptying (GE). To date, no studies have shown any alteration in GE following shorter HF diets. The aim of this study was to assess if an HF, high-energy diet of 3 days can adapt gastrointestinal (GI) transit, blood lipids and satiety., SUBJECTS/METHODS: Eleven male volunteers participated in a study consisting of three, 3-day interventions each separated by a test day. During the first intervention, volunteers recorded their diet. In the second and third interventions, volunteers repeated their food diary plus either a low-fat yogurt or HF yogurt supplement in randomized order. Test days involved measurement of GE using the (13)C octanoic-acid breath-test, mouth-to-caecum transit time (MCTT) using the inulin H(2) breath test and satiety using visual analogue scales. Blood samples for measurement of lipaemia were taken using a venous cannula., RESULTS: MCTT was different between the three test days (P=0.038), with the shortest MCTT following the HF intervention. GE was shortest following the HF intervention. There were no differences in satiety between the interventions. The HF intervention reduced triglycerides, total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and increased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol., CONCLUSION: This study shows that changes in GI transit owing to an HF diet can occur in a time period as short as 3 days.
Comparison of provider-assessed and patient-reported outcome measures of acute skin toxicity during a Phase III trial of mometasone cream versus placebo during breast radiotherapy: the North Central Cancer Treatment Group (N06C4).; PURPOSE: Considerable interobserver variability exists among providers and between providers and patients when measuring subjective symptoms. In the recently published Phase III N06C4 trial of mometasone cream vs. placebo to prevent radiation dermatitis, the primary provider-assessed (PA) endpoint, using the Common Toxicity Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE), was negative. However, prospectively planned secondary analyses of patient-reported outcomes (PROs), using the Skindex-16 and Skin Toxicity Assessment Tool (STAT), were positive. This study assesses the relationship between PA outcomes and PROs., METHODS AND MATERIALS: Pearson correlation coefficients were calculated to compare the three tools. Statistical correlations were defined as follows: <0.5, mild; 0.5-0.7, moderate; and >0.7, strong., RESULTS: CTCAE dermatitis moderately correlated with STAT erythema, and CTCAE pruritus strongly correlated with STAT itching. CTCAE pruritus had a moderate correlation with Skindex-16 itching. Comparing the 2 PRO tools, Skindex-16 itching correlated moderately with STAT itching. Skindex-16 burning, hurting, irritation, and persistence all showed the strongest correlation with STAT burning; they showed moderate correlations with STAT itching and tenderness., CONCLUSIONS: The PRO Skindex-16 correlated well with the PRO portions of STAT, but neither tool correlated well with CTCAE. PROs delineated a wider spectrum of toxicity than PA measures and provided more information on rash, redness, pruritus, and annoyance measures compared with CTCAE findings of rash and pruritus. PROs may provide a more complete measure of patient experience than single-symptom, PA endpoints in clinical trials assessing radiation skin toxicity. Copyright © 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Fortification of breast milk in VLBW infants: metabolic acidosis is linked to the composition of fortifiers and alters weight gain and bone mineralization.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Study objectives were to test (a) whether increased incidence of metabolic acidosis (MA) was caused by introduction of a new commercially available fortifier for breast milk, (b) if so, whether its modification would decrease the incidence of MA and (c) to analyze the impact of MA on growth., METHODS: Double-blind randomized design. Healthy breast-fed infants (<=34 gestational weeks). Primary outcome measure was incidence of MA (BE < -6.0 mmol/L). Secondary outcome measures were growth, bone mineral content (BMC), vital signs, treatment with sodium hydrogen carbonate and Ca and laboratory parameters (pH, pCO2, HCO3-, electrolytes)., RESULTS: Part 1 (comparison of standard (SF) and new fortifier (NF)): Interim analysis showed MA in 1 out of 7 (SF) and 7 out of 8 (NF) infants, p = 0.01; therefore the study was interrupted; subsequently the fortifier was adapted by modifying mineral components. Part 2 (comparison of SF and reformulated fortifier (RF)): MA occurred in 3 out of 15 (SF) and 6 out of 19 (RF), p = 0.7. When data of all infants studied, those with MA had lower mean weight gain (median: 9 vs. 21 g/kg/d, p < 0.01) and lower BMC (1.6% vs. 1.9% BMC/lean, p = 0.04) at discharge., CONCLUSIONS: When fed fortified breast milk, mild MA spontaneously may develop in 20-30% of VLBW infants. A fortifier with an inappropriate composition may increase the severity and frequency of MA. Our data show that weight gain and BMC seem to be related to acid-base homeostasis. It may be speculated that inadequate growth of fully fed preterm infants is triggered more often by imbalances of acid-base status than previously expected. Copyright © 2010 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Effect of daily intake of yoghurt and bread enriched with biologically active substances on blood lipids and vitamin A in adolescents and young adults.; OBJECTIVE: The aim was to investigate whether the daily intake of special nutrients, enriched with supplements from natural origins, has any effect on blood parameters., DESIGN AND SUBJECTS: In this double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial, 80 healthy subjects (mean age 26.3 years) were statistically assigned to two groups. Group I had to eat two special yoghurt and bread products a day. The other probands represented the control group (II)., SETTING: Plasma concentrations of blood parameters were measured at the beginning and at the end of the study, and dietary intake was calculated., RESULTS: In group I, total cholesterol decreased. This was due to a significant drop of low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol from 106.0 to 99.0 mg/dl. A significant reduction of the apolipoprotein B and an increase of vitamin A in group I were also observed., CONCLUSION: Regular intake of specially fortified food influences parameters, especially lipids and lipoproteins.
Efficacy of alpha-lactalbumin and milk protein on weight loss and body composition during energy restriction.; Our objective was to examine whether elevated alpha-lactalbumin (alphalac) protein intake compared to elevated supra sustained milk protein (SSP) and sustained milk protein (SP) intake results into a difference in body weight and body composition over a 6-month energy-restriction intervention. Body weight, body composition, resting energy expenditure (REE), satiety and blood- and urine-parameters of 87 subjects (BMI 31 +/- 5 kg/m(2) and fat percentage 40 +/- 8%) were assessed before and after daily energy intakes of 100, 33, and 67% for 1, 1, and 2 months respectively (periods 1, 2, and 3), with protein intake from meal replacements and 2 months of 67% with ad libitum protein intake additional to the meal replacements (period 4). The diets resulted in 0.8 +/- 0.3 g/kg body mass (BM) for SP and significant higher protein intake (24-h nitrogen) of 1.2 +/- 0.3 and 1.0 +/- 0.3 g/kgBM for SSP and alphalac (P < 0.05). Body weight and fat percentage was decreased in all groups after 6 months (SP -7 +/- 5 kg and -5 +/- 3%; SSP -6 +/- 3 kg and -5 +/- 3%; alphalac -6 +/- 4 kg and -4 +/- 4%, P < 0.001; there was no significant group by time difference). Furthermore, sparing of fat-free mass (FFM) and preservation of REE in function of FFM during weight loss was not significantly different between the alphalac-group and the SSP- and SP-groups. In conclusion, the efficacy of alphalac in reduction of body weight and fat mass (FM), and preservation of FFM does not differ from the efficacy of similar daily intakes of milk protein during 6 months of energy restriction.
Comparison of the effects of cows' milk, fortified soy milk, and calcium supplement on weight and fat loss in premenopausal overweight and obese women.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Recent studies suggest that calcium metabolism and perhaps other components of dairy products may contribute to shifting the energy balance and thus play a role in weight regulation. We compared the effects of cows' milk, calcium fortified soy milk and calcium supplement on weight and body fat reduction in premenopausal overweight and obese women., METHODS AND RESULTS: In this clinical trial, 100 healthy overweight or obese premenopausal women were randomized to one of the following dietary regimens for 8 weeks: (1) a control diet providing a 500kcal/day deficit, with 500-600mg/day dietary calcium; (2) a calcium-supplemented diet identical to the control diet with 800mg/day of calcium as calcium carbonate; (3) a milk diet providing a 500kcal/day deficit and containing three servings of low-fat milk; (4) a soy milk diet providing a 500kcal/day deficit and containing three servings of calcium fortified soy milk. At baseline and after 8 weeks, weight, waist circumference, and hip circumference were measured. Three 24-h dietary records and physical activity records were also taken. Comparing the mean differences in weight, waist circumference, body mass index (BMI) and waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) using repeated measure of variance analysis showed that changes in waist circumference and WHR were significant among the four groups (p=0.029 and p=0.015, respectively). After adjustment for baseline values, changes in weight and BMI were also significant (p=0.017 and p=0.019, respectively). Weight reductions in high milk, soy milk, calcium supplement and control groups were 4.43+/-1.93(kg), 3.46+/-1.28(kg), 3.89+/-2.40(kg) and 2.87+/-1.55(kg), respectively. The greatest changes were seen in the high dairy group in all variables., CONCLUSION: Increasing low fat milk consumption significantly reduces the general and central obesity beyond a low calorie diet. Copyright © 2009. Published by Elsevier B.V.
Daily consumption of milk enriched with fish oil, oleic acid, minerals and vitamins reduces cell adhesion molecules in healthy children.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Several studies have suggested that polyunsaturated fatty acids, vitamins and minerals have beneficial effects on lipid profile and systemic inflammation in adults., METHODS AND RESULTS: We examined the effects of a daily intake of milk enriched with longchain polyunsaturated fatty acids, oleic acid, carbohydrates, vitamins, minerals and low in saturated fatty acids (SFAs) for 5 months, on several cardiovascular (CVD) risk biomarkers in healthy children aged 8-14 years. In a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial, a total of 107 children of both genders were assigned to two study groups: 1) a supplemented group (SG, n=53) who consumed 0.6 L/day of an enriched dairy product, and 2) a control group (CG, n=54) who consumed 0.6 L/day of standard whole milk. Both groups consumed the dairy drinks for 5 months, in addition to their usual diet. Serum levels of adhesion molecules as indices of vascular endothelial cell activation were assessed in both groups at 0 and 5 months as well as white blood cell counts, lipid profile, serum proteins, total serum calcium, 25-OH vitamin D, glucose, insulin and adiponectin. In the enriched dairy drink supplemented group, adhesion molecules E-selectin and ICAM-1 as well as lymphocyte levels decreased while plasma docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and serum calcium concentrations increased. In the control group, serum total protein, transferrin, total cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol and adiponectin concentrations decreased., CONCLUSION: The consumption of a milk enriched with fish oil, oleic acid, minerals and vitamins reduced indices of endothelial cell activation in the studied group of healthy children.
Effects of calcium and resistance exercise on body composition in overweight premenopausal women.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the combined treatment effect of a mild energy restriction, high dairy calcium intake, and resistance exercise on promoting favorable body composition changes in overweight women with a low dairy intake. Combined treatment strategies may produce synergistic effects on increasing fat loss and preserving bone in a population at risk for obesity and osteoporosis., METHODS: Overweight, sedentary women consuming a diet low in dairy calcium (<=1 serving of dairy per day) were randomized either (1) to maintain a low-calcium diet (LOW; <= 500 mg; n = 15) or (2) to increase dairy calcium (HIGH; >=1200 mg; n = 14) for 16 weeks. Both groups began resistance training 3 days per week and received dietary counseling to reduce energy intake by 250 kcal per day. Body composition was measured at the beginning and at the end of the study with dual energy x-ray absorptiometry. Two 24-hour dietary recalls were measured at baseline, midpoint, and end of study with Nutrition Data System for Research software., RESULTS: Participants were 36.8 +/- 4.8 years of age, with an average body mass index of 29.1 +/- 2.1 kg/m2. Fat mass decreased significantly over time (LOW = 3.8 +/- 4.1 kg and HIGH = 1.8 +/- 2.1 kg) but was not significantly different by group. Mean energy reduction from baseline was 382 kcal (LOW) and 214 kcal (HIGH; p = 0.14). When change in energy intake was included as a covariate, there was still no significant difference in fat loss between groups. Change in lumbar spine bone mineral density (LOW = -1.5% and HIGH = 0.8%) was significant between groups (p = 0.02). The prescribed mean calcium intake was achieved for each study group (LOW = 454 +/- 143 mg and HIGH = 1312 +/- 183 mg), with no significant changes in protein intake over time (LOW = 0.9 g/kg and HIGH = 1.0 g/kg, p = 0.08)., CONCLUSION: These results suggest that increasing dairy calcium offers no added benefit in reducing body fat when combined with resistance training and energy restriction. However, increasing dairy calcium improves bone mineral density in premenopausal overweight women.
Food intake, leisure time activities and the prevalence of obesity in schoolchildren in Slovakia.; AIM OF THE STUDY: In 2006-2008 a survey analyzing food patterns, intake of main food items and leisure time activities of 5,410 schoolchildren was carried out., METHODS: The study was performed in 13 randomly selected regions of Slovakia. 5,410 elementary school children (2,848 girls and 2,562 boys) aged from 6.3 to 15.9 years, mean age was 11 +/- 2.6 years, were included. The data collected by questionnaire concerned nutrition and leisure time activities., RESULTS: Noteworthy results are that only 63% of participants eat breakfast regularly. Almost all of the children eat lunch during workdays regularly and 60.9% prefer a cooked (hot) dish for supper. Although dairy products are a substantial part of child nutrition, in general their consumption in our sample was low. Only 50.1% of children consume these daily and 62% of children drink milk daily, more often boys than girls. A striking observation is that only 65.5% of interviewed pupils eat fruit every day and 30.9% of them eat vegetables daily. The frequency of consumption of poultry and pork in our sample was almost the same, however, the analysis showed that only 14% of children consume fish once per week. Moreover, only 12.6% of subjects prefer wholegrain bread. In our sample 56.8% of children eat sweets daily, 32% prefer a salty snack almost 2 times per week. Within the group of pupils 35.8% do not attend physical trainings even once a week. Almost every child is used to watch TV and 64% of them play PC games daily. While both girls and boys watched TV on average over 2 hours, boys spend more time on PC per day than girls (girls 0.72 hours per day vs. boys 1.13 hours per day, p < 0.001). The food patterns and leisure time activities of children older than 11 years and rural pupils were less favourable., CONCLUSIONS: According to results of our analysis we recommend to increase the consumption of dairy products, fresh fruits and vegetables in Slovak schoolchildren and spare no effort in making children to take breakfast regularly. It is necessary to promote daily moderate physical activity. Nutritional and lifestyle education should begin already in childhood.
Effects of soy protein on lipoprotein lipids and fecal bile acid excretion in men and women with moderate hypercholesterolemia.; BACKGROUND: Soy protein (SP) and low-fat dairy product consumption have been suggested to have hypocholesterolemic effects, although the responsible mechanisms are poorly understood., OBJECTIVE: This randomized, controlled, parallel arm trial evaluated the effects of an insoluble fraction of SP and total milk proteins (TMPs) with high calcium content on the fasting lipid profile. It also assessed the potential contributions of increased excretion of bile acids and neutral sterols to their lipid-altering effects., METHODS: Subjects with hypercholesterolemia (low-density lipoprotein cholesterol [LDL-C] 100-199 mg/dL) followed the Therapeutic Lifestyle Changes diet for 4 weeks, followed by a 2-week lead-in with 3.75 g/d colesevelam HCl. Individuals with LDL-C lowering of >=5.0% with colesevelam HCl were randomly assigned to one of two groups after a 3-week washout: 1) 25 g/d of an insoluble fraction of partially hydrolyzed SP or 2) 25 g/d TMP., RESULTS: Both SP and TMP reduced atherogenic lipoproteins, as indicated by changes in total cholesterol (-7.4% and -3.6%), LDL-C (-10.9% and -5.9%), nonhigh-density lipoprotein cholesterol (-10.8% and -3.9%), and apolipoprotein B (-9.7% and -2.4%), respectively (P < .05 for between group differences except LDL-C, P = .085). No significant increases were observed in either group for fecal bile acids or neutral sterols., CONCLUSION: These results confirm that SP consumption exerts a hypocholesterolemic effect and indicate that TMP elicits a less pronounced response. However, these findings do not support the hypothesis that increased bile acid excretion is an important contributor to the hypocholesterolemic effects of either protein source. Copyright © 2010 National Lipid Association. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of dietary cold-pressed turnip rapeseed oil and butter on serum lipids, oxidized LDL and arterial elasticity in men with metabolic syndrome.; BACKGROUND: Rapeseed oil is the principal dietary source of monounsaturated and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the Northern Europe. However, the effect of rapeseed oil on the markers of subclinical atherosclerosis is not known. The purpose of this study was to compare the effects of dietary intake of cold-pressed turnip rapeseed oil (CPTRO) and butter on serum lipids, oxidized LDL and arterial elasticity in men with metabolic syndrome., METHODS: Thirty-seven men with metabolic syndrome completed an open and balanced crossover study. Treatment periods lasted for 6 to 8 weeks and they were separated from each other with an eight-week washout period. Subjects maintained their normal dietary habits and physical activity without major variations. The daily fat adjunct consisted either of 37.5 grams of butter or 35 mL of Virgino R CPTRO. Participants were asked to spread butter on bread on the butter period and to drink CPTRO on the oil period. The fat adjunct was used as such without heating or frying., RESULTS: Compared to butter, administration of CPTRO was followed by a reduction of total cholesterol by 8% (p < 0.001) and LDL cholesterol by 11% (p < 0.001). The level of oxidized LDL was 16% lower after oil period (p = 0.024). Minimal differences in arterial elasticity were not statistically significant., CONCLUSION: Cold-pressed turnip rapeseed oil had favourable effects on circulating LDL cholesterol and oxidized LDL, which may be important in the management of patients at high cardiovascular risk.
Utilizing the second-meal effect in type 2 diabetes: practical use of a soya-yogurt snack.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effect of a prebreakfast high-protein snack upon postbreakfast hyperglycemia., RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We studied 10 men and women with diet- and/or metformin-controlled type 2 diabetes. Metabolic changes after breakfast were compared between 2 days: breakfast taken only and soya-yogurt snack taken prior to breakfast., RESULTS: There was a significant lower rise in plasma glucose on the snack day. The incremental area under the glucose curve was 450 +/- 55 mmol . min/l on the snack day compared with 699 +/- 99 mmol . min/l on the control day (P = 0.013). The concentration of plasma free fatty acids immediately before breakfast correlated with the increment in plasma glucose (r = 0.50, P = 0.013)., CONCLUSIONS: Consuming a high-protein prebreakfast snack results in almost 40% reduction of postprandial glucose increment. The second-meal effect can be applied simply and practically to improve postbreakfast hyperglycemia in people with type 2 diabetes.
Placebo-controlled trial to determine the effectiveness of a urea/lactic acid-based topical keratolytic agent for prevention of capecitabine-induced hand-foot syndrome: North Central Cancer Treatment Group Study N05C5.; PURPOSE: Hand-foot syndrome (HFS) is a dose-limiting toxicity of capecitabine for which no effective preventative treatment has been definitively demonstrated. This trial was conducted on the basis of preliminary data that a urea/lactic acid-based topical keratolytic agent (ULABTKA) may prevent HFS., PATIENTS AND METHODS: A randomized, double-blind phase III trial evaluated 137 patients receiving their first ever cycle of capecitabine at a dose of either 2,000 or 2,500 mg/m(2) per day for 14 days. Patients were randomly assigned to a ULABTKA versus a placebo cream, which was applied to the hands and feet twice per day for 21 days after the start of capecitabine. Patients completed an HFS diary (HFSD) daily. HFS toxicity grade (Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events [CTCAE] v3.0) was also collected at baseline and at the end of each cycle. The primary end point was the incidence of moderate/severe HFS symptoms in the first treatment cycle, based on the patient-reported HFSD., RESULTS: The percentage of patients with moderate/severe HFS symptoms was not different between groups, being 13.6% in the ULABTKA arm and 10.2% in the placebo arm (P = .768 by Fisher's exact test). The odds ratio was 1.37 (95% CI, 0.37 to 5.76). Cycle 1 CTCAE skin toxicity was higher in the ULABTKA arm but not significantly so (33% v 27%; P = .82). No significant differences were observed in other toxicities between groups., CONCLUSION: These data do not support the efficacy of a ULABTKA cream for preventing HFS symptoms in patients receiving capecitabine.
IPP-rich milk protein hydrolysate lowers blood pressure in subjects with stage 1 hypertension, a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Milk derived peptides have been identified as potential antihypertensive agents. The primary objective was to investigate the effectiveness of IPP-rich milk protein hydrolysates (MPH) on reducing blood pressure (BP) as well as to investigate safety parameters and tolerability. The secondary objective was to confirm or falsify ACE inhibition as the mechanism underlying BP reductions by measuring plasma renin activity and angiotensin I and II., METHODS: We conducted a randomized, placebo-controlled, double blind, crossover study including 70 Caucasian subjects with prehypertension or stage 1 hypertension. Study treatments consisted of daily consumption of two capsules MPH1 (each containing 7.5 mg Isoleucine-Proline-Proline; IPP), MPH2 (each containing 6.6 mg Methionine-Alanine-Proline, 2.3 mg Leucine-Proline-Proline, 1.8 mg IPP), or placebo (containing cellulose) for 4 weeks., RESULTS: In subjects with stage 1 hypertension, MPH1 lowered systolic BP by 3.8 mm Hg (P = 0.0080) and diastolic BP by 2.3 mm Hg (P = 0.0065) compared with placebo. In prehypertensive subjects, the differences in BP between MPH1 and placebo were not significant. MPH2 did not change BP significantly compared with placebo in stage I hypertensive or prehypertensive subjects. Intake of MPHs was well tolerated and safe. No treatment differences in hematology, clinical laboratory parameters or adverse effects were observed. No significant differences between MPHs and placebo were found in plasma renin activity, or angiotensin I and II., CONCLUSIONS: MPH1, containing IPP and no minerals, exerts clinically relevant BP lowering effects in subjects with stage 1 hypertension. It may be included in lifestyle changes aiming to prevent or reduce high BP., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00471263.
Postprandial lipemia detects the effect of soy protein on cardiovascular disease risk compared with the fasting lipid profile.; Studies examining the effect of soy protein on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors have not taken advantage of the postprandial state as an adjunct to the fasting lipid profile. The American Heart Association has acknowledged the efficacy of soy protein in reducing CVD risk factors to be limited. We hypothesized that the postprandial state would be more sensitive to any favorable changes associated with consuming soy protein compared with the fasting lipid profile. Furthermore, the presence of isoflavones in soy would enhance this effect. Thirty sedentary males aged 18-30 years were randomly assigned to milk protein (Milk), isoflavone-poor soy (Soy-), or isoflavone-rich soy (Soy+). Usual diets were supplemented with 25 g/day of protein for 28 days. Serum samples were collected before and after supplementation in a fasted state and postprandially at 30, 60, 120, 240, and 360 min after a high-fat, 1,000 kcal shake. Triacylglycerol (TAG), total cholesterol, non-esterified fatty acids, apolipoproteins B-100 and A-I and glucose concentrations were quantified. Fasting concentrations were not different after any protein supplementation. Postprandial TAG and TAG AUC increased after Soy-consumption supporting the postprandial state as a more sensitive indicator of soy ingestion effects on CVD risk factors compared with the fasting lipid profile. Furthermore, the absence of isoflavones in soy protein may have deleterious consequences on purported cardio-protective effects.
High-calcium milk prevents overweight and obesity among postmenopausal women.; BACKGROUND: The Sixth National Nutrition Survey 2003 revealed that the highest prevalence of overweight and obesity among Filipino female adults (30.8%) was found in the age group from 40 to 59 years. Obesity is associated with a number of chronic diseases, including cardiovascular disease, hypertension, and diabetes. Low calcium intake has been identified as a potential contributing factor to overweight and obesity., OBJECTIVE: To assess the effect of a high-calcium,fortified, low-fat milk drink with added vitamin D versus a low-calcium placebo drink on anthropometric measurements of postmenopausal women., METHODS: Women who were at least 5 years postmenopausal were invited to participate in the study. Potential participants underwent three stages of screening: initial interview, dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, and blood testing for biochemical screening. Anthropometric indices were measured at baseline and the end of the study. Sixty women were qualified to participate in the study. The women were randomly assigned to two groups, one of which received 400 ml of the high-calcium milk daily for 16 weeks while the other received the placebo drink., RESULTS: No significant increases were observed in the anthropometric indices of the subjects receiving the high-calcium fortified milk at the end of the study. However, there were significant increases in the weight (p = .008), body mass index (p = .007), and waist (p = .018) and hip (p = .003) circumferences of the subjects receiving the placebo drink., CONCLUSIONS: A change in dietary calcium intake may be a useful measure as part of an overall approach to prevent the occurrence of overweight and obesity among postmenopausal women.
n-3 fatty acids and cardiovascular events after myocardial infarction.; BACKGROUND: Results from prospective cohort studies and randomized, controlled trials have provided evidence of a protective effect of n-3 fatty acids against cardiovascular diseases. We examined the effect of the marine n-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and of the plant-derived alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) on the rate of cardiovascular events among patients who have had a myocardial infarction., METHODS: In a multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, we randomly assigned 4837 patients, 60 through 80 years of age (78% men), who had had a myocardial infarction and were receiving state-of-the-art antihypertensive, antithrombotic, and lipid-modifying therapy to receive for 40 months one of four trial margarines: a margarine supplemented with a combination of EPA and DHA (with a targeted additional daily intake of 400 mg of EPA-DHA), a margarine supplemented with ALA (with a targeted additional daily intake of 2 g of ALA), a margarine supplemented with EPA-DHA and ALA, or a placebo margarine. The primary end point was the rate of major cardiovascular events, which comprised fatal and nonfatal cardiovascular events and cardiac interventions. Data were analyzed according to the intention-to-treat principle, with the use of Cox proportional-hazards models., RESULTS: The patients consumed, on average, 18.8 g of margarine per day, which resulted in additional intakes of 226 mg of EPA combined with 150 mg of DHA, 1.9 g of ALA, or both, in the active-treatment groups. During the follow-up period, a major cardiovascular event occurred in 671 patients (13.9%). Neither EPA-DHA nor ALA reduced this primary end point (hazard ratio with EPA-DHA, 1.01; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.87 to 1.17; P=0.93; hazard ratio with ALA, 0.91; 95% CI, 0.78 to 1.05; P=0.20). In the prespecified subgroup of women, ALA, as compared with placebo and EPA-DHA alone, was associated with a reduction in the rate of major cardiovascular events that approached significance (hazard ratio, 0.73; 95% CI, 0.51 to 1.03; P=0.07). The rate of adverse events did not differ significantly among the study groups., CONCLUSIONS: Low-dose supplementation with EPA-DHA or ALA did not significantly reduce the rate of major cardiovascular events among patients who had had a myocardial infarction and who were receiving state-of-the-art antihypertensive, antithrombotic, and lipid-modifying therapy. (Funded by the Netherlands Heart Foundation and others; ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00127452.).
Vitamin A supplementation for postpartum women.; BACKGROUND: In vitamin A deficient populations, the amount of vitamin A may be insufficient for maintenance of maternal health and levels in breast milk may be insufficient for breastfeeding infants' needs., OBJECTIVES: To assess the effects of postpartum maternal vitamin A supplementation on maternal and infant health., SEARCH STRATEGY: We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (31 July 2010), LILACS (1982 to July 2010), Web of Science (1945 to July 2010) and Biological Abstracts (1998 to July 2010)., SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised controlled trials evaluating the effects of postpartum maternal vitamin A supplementation., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Two review authors assessed the studies independently., MAIN RESULTS: We included 12 trials at moderate risk of bias, enrolling 25,465 mother-baby pairs and comparing several postpartum doses (200,000-400,000 IU) of vitamin A or 7.8 mg daily beta-carotene, with placebo, iron or no supplement; or higher (400,000 IU) versus lower dose (200,000 IU). The majority of infants in all studies were at least partially breastfed for six months.Maternal: we observed no impact of vitamin A on maternal mortality (two trials of 9,126 women), morbidity (one trial of 50 women) or adverse effects (subset of 786 women in one trial). Vitamin A enhanced serum and breast milk retinol at three months in five trials, but these improvements were generally not sustained. Infant: we observed no significant differences for infant mortality RR 1.14 95% CI 0.84 to 1.57 (five trials (6,170 infants) or morbidity (three trials) except for fewer episodes of fever with vitamin A in one small trial. No significant differences in infant vitamin A status were seen with maternal vitamin A supplementation (five trials). No beneficial effects for maternal or infant health were associated with higher compared to lower doses of vitamin A in two trials., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: The lack of effect on maternal and infant mortality and morbidity, with exception of some improved infant morbidity in one small study, and the improvement in maternal vitamin A status, suggest that maternal postpartum vitamin A supplementation offers limited benefits.
A randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled, multicenter, efficacy and safety study of 3.75% imiquimod cream following cryosurgery for the treatment of actinic keratoses.; OBJECTIVE: Evaluate cryosurgery followed by 3.75% imiquimod cream to treat actinic keratoses (AK)., METHODS: Adults with > or =10 AKs on the face underwent cryosurgery of five to 14 lesions. Subjects with > or =5 lesions remaining were randomized to 3.75% imiquimod or placebo cream applied to the entire face daily for two two-week cycles. Efficacy was assessed through week 26., RESULTS: For the cryosurgery/3.75% imiquimod (n=126) and cryosurgery/placebo (n=121) groups, respectively, median total AK reductions were 86.5 and 50 percent, and proportions of subjects with complete clearance were 30.2 and 3.3 percent (P < 0.0001, both). Analyzing cryosurgery-treated lesions only, median reductions were 100 and 80 percent (P = 0.0008), and subject complete clearance rates were 59.5% and 29.8% (P < 0.001), respectively. Only one subject discontinued for a treatment-related adverse event (cryosurgery/3.75% imiquimod group)., LIMITATIONS: Cryosurgery was performed per usual study center practice and not standardized., CONCLUSION: A short, cyclical treatment course of field-directed daily 3.75% imiquimod cream following lesion-directed cryosurgery was well tolerated and provided additional therapeutic benefits to cryosurgery alone.
An adequate calcium intake could help achieve weight loss in overweight/obese women following hypocaloric diets.; AIM: To investigate the effect of calcium (Ca) intake and dairy product consumption modification on body composition in overweight/obese women following two types of hypocaloric diet., METHODS: Study subjects were 57 women who were randomly assigned to follow one of two hypocaloric diets: diet V, in which the relative consumption of vegetables was increased, and diet C, which involved increasing the relative consumption of cereals (especially breakfast cereals). Dietetic and anthropometric data were collected at the start and at the end of the 6-week intervention period., RESULTS: Ca density, Ca index of nutritional quality and Ca/protein improved with both diets. Dairy products, Ca intake, dairy Ca intake and Ca/protein were inversely correlated with body mass index at the end of the study. Among the women with an initial calcium intake below the 50th percentile, those who achieved a reduction in body mass index above the 50th percentile were those who most increased their total calcium intake, calcium intake from dairy sources, calcium density, calcium/protein ratio and the intake of total and skimmed dairy product consumption., CONCLUSION: Correcting an inadequate calcium intake could help improve weight loss in women following hypocaloric diets. Copyright © 2010 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Improvement of dietary quality with the aid of a low glycemic index diet in Asian patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: This randomized controlled study was conducted to determine the effect of low glycemic index (GI) dietary advice on eating patterns and dietary quality in Asian patients with type 2 diabetes (T2DM)., METHODS: Asian patients with T2DM (N = 104) were randomized into 2 groups that received either low GI or conventional carbohydrate exchange (CCE) dietary advice for 12 weeks. Nutritional prescriptions were based on the medical nutrition therapy for T2DM, with the difference being in the GI component of the carbohydrates. Dietary intake and food choices were assessed with the use of a 3-day food record., RESULTS: At week 12, both groups achieved the recommendations for carbohydrate (52 +/- 4% and 54 +/- 4% of energy) and fat (30 +/- 4% and 28 +/- 5% of energy) intake. There were no significant differences in the reported macronutrient intake in both groups. With the low GI diet, crude fiber and dietary calcium intake increased, while the dietary GI reduced. Subjects in the lowest dietary glycemic index/glycemic load (GI/GL) quartile consumed more parboiled/basmati rice, pasta, milk/dairy products, fruits, and dough, which are foods from the low GI category. There was a significant reduction in the hemoglobin A(1c) level at week 12 for patients in the lowest GI/GL quartile (DELTA = -0.7 +/- 0.1%) compared with those in the highest GI/GL quartile (DELTA = -0.1 +/- 0.2%)., CONCLUSIONS: These results demonstrate the ability of low GI dietary advice to improve the dietary quality of Asian patients with T2DM.
A new topical treatment protocol for oral hairy leukoplakia.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to present a new topical treatment protocol for oral hairy leukoplakia (OHL), consisting of a 25% podophyllin resin with a 1% penciclovir cream (PP), and to compare this topical treatment protocol's efficacy with that of 2 other topical treatment protocols: a 25% podophyllin resin (P) and a 25% podophyllin resin with a 5% acyclovir cream (PA)., STUDY DESIGN: Forty-two human immunodeficiency virus-positive patients with 69 OHL lesions were randomly treated using P, PA, or PP (14 patients in each topical treatment protocol). Clinical healing was determined when the white plaque could no longer be seen in the primary location of the lesion. Topical treatment performance was evaluated by clinical healing within each week of topical treatment protocol as well as by the recurrence of the lesion. Statistical survival analysis was performed using a Cox proportional hazards model., RESULTS: Approximately 55% of the patients presented with clinical healing of OHL within 7-8 weeks of each topical treatment protocol. After the sixth week, the PA treatment protocol presented a faster clinical healing rate of OHL. Recurrence was observed in 3 and 7 OHL lesions treated with P and PP treatment protocols, respectively., CONCLUSIONS: The PP treatment protocol proved to be effective; however, the PA treatment protocol was more effective in the clinical healing rate for OHL than P and PP after the sixth week of treatment, and no recurrent OHL was observed in the PA treatment group. Copyright © 2010 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Dairy calcium intake, serum vitamin D, and successful weight loss.; BACKGROUND: The role of dairy calcium intake and serum vitamin D concentrations in weight loss is controversial., OBJECTIVE: The objective was to assess the association of dairy calcium intake and serum vitamin D with weight loss., DESIGN: We analyzed data from participants in the 2-y Dietary Intervention Randomized Controlled Trial (DIRECT) [n = 322; mean body mass index (BMI; in kg/m2): 31; mean age: 52 y]. A representative sample (n = 126) was followed for 6 mo for serum vitamin D changes., RESULTS: Baseline serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] concentrations decreased significantly across the tertiles of baseline BMI (25.6 +/- 8.0, 24.1 +/- 8.9, and 22.9 +/- 6.8 ng/mL, respectively; P for trend = 0.02). Baseline concentrations of vitamin D and dairy calcium intake were not associated with subsequent weight loss. However, in repeated-measures models adjusted for age, sex, baseline BMI, total fat intake, and diet group assignment, higher 6-mo tertile levels of dairy calcium intake (median for tertiles: 156.5, 358.0, and 582.9 mg/d, respectively) and serum 25(OH)D (14.5, 21.2, and 30.2 ng/mL, respectively) were associated with increased weight loss across the 2-y intervention (-3.3, -3.5, and -5.3 kg, respectively, for dairy calcium; P = 0.043; -3.1, -3.8, and -5.6 kg, respectively, for vitamin D; P = 0.013). In a multivariate logistic regression adjusted simultaneously for age, sex, baseline BMI, total fat intake, diet group, vitamin D concentration, and dairy calcium, an increase of 1 SD in dairy calcium intake increased the likelihood of weight loss of >4.5 kg in the preceding 6 mo [odds ratio (OR): 1.45; P = 0.046]. A similar increase was seen for serum 25(OH)D at the 6-mo point (OR: 1.7; P = 0.009)., CONCLUSION: Our study suggests that both higher dairy calcium intake and increased serum vitamin D are related to greater diet-induced weight loss. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00160108.
Effects of a sphingolipid-enriched dairy formulation on postprandial lipid concentrations.; BACKGROUND: The digestion of sphingolipids (SL) is slow and is catalyzed by mucosal enzymes. Dietary SL was shown to inhibit cholesterol absorption and to lower plasma cholesterol, triglycerides (TG) and hepatic fat accumulation in animal models., AIM: A dairy formulation based on fractionation of buttermilk, which is enriched in milk polar lipids of which SL account for a large part is now available. In this study, we examined whether this formulation, when ingested with a standard breakfast, exerted a different influence on postprandial lipids than an equivalent control formulation lacking the polar milk lipids., METHODS: A total of 18 healthy male volunteers aged 22-65 years ingested a high-fat (40 g) standard breakfast together with a milk-like formulation containing 975 mg of milk SL (A) or the control formulation (B). Postprandial levels of TG, total, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, apolipoprotein AI (ApoAI), ApoB, glucose and insulin were measured 1 to 7 h after the meal., RESULTS: No difference was seen between experimental and control groups in postprandial levels of TG, insulin, ApoA1 or ApoB. After 1 hour there was a trend of lower cholesterol concentrations in large TG-rich lipoproteins after formulation A., CONCLUSION: The SL-rich buttermilk drink may affect cholesterol concentrations in TG-rich lipoproteins, but has no effect on postprandial TG after a breakfast with butter fat as the major lipid.
Assessment of the effect of phenytoin on cutaneous healing from excision of melanocytic nevi on the face and on the back.; BACKGROUND: Topical phenytoin is a powerful skin wounds healing and it may be useful in clinical practice. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of topical phenytoin 0.5%, by comparing it with cream (control) in wounds resulting from excision of two melanocytic nevi in the same patient. Our purpose was also to assess if phenytoin had better therapeutic and cosmetic outcomes when compared with cream (control)., METHODS: This study evaluated 100 patients with skin wounds from excision of melanocytic nevi. 50 patients with lesions on the face and 50 patients with lesions on the back, totalizing 200 lesions excised with modified punch. The resulting superficial skin wounds had the same diameter and depth, and second intention healing followed.Patients were followed for 60 days. Student's t-test, Mann Whitney nonparametric test, analysis of variance, LSD test, Shapiro-Wilks test and Fisher test were used to analyze the results, depending on the nature of the variables being studied., RESULTS: Phenytoin showed better therapeutic and cosmetic results, by healing faster, with more intense epithelization in wounds in comparison with cream (control). Phenytoin showed a statistically significant difference regarding the following parameters (p < 0.05): wounded area and healing time. Phenytoin application resulted in a smaller area and a shorter healing time. Also the intensity of exudates, bleeding, and the epithelization were more intense in phenytoin-treated wounds. Regarding the shape and thickness of the scar, injuries treated with phenytoin had round and flat shaped scars in most of the cases. Considering patient's gender and phototype, female patients presented smaller wounds and scar areas; and phototype I had the largest scar areas. Contact eczema was an adverse reaction in 7 injuries located on the back caused by cream (control) and hypoallergenic tape., CONCLUSIONS: Phenytoin showed better therapeutic and cosmetic results compared with cream (control). Phenytoin is a low cost drug, which accelerates skin wounds healing in human patients., TRIAL REGISTRATION: ISRCTN96539803.
A double-blind, randomized controlled trial of the use of imiquimod cream for the treatment of anal canal high-grade anal intraepithelial neoplasia in HIV-positive MSM on HAART, with long-term follow-up data including the use of open-label imiquimod.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether imiquimod was more effective than placebo for the treatment of high-grade anal canal intraepithelial neoplasia (HG-ACIN)., DESIGN: Double-blind, randomized placebo-controlled clinical trial., METHODS: Sixty-four HIV-positive patients were randomized to self-application of imiquimod cream or matched placebo into the anal canal three times a week for 4 months. Response was assessed by cytology, high-resolution anoscopy and biopsy 2 months after therapy. All patients who failed to resolve were offered treatment with open-label imiquimod for a further 4 months., RESULTS: Fifty-three patients completed the study, of which 28 patients were on active drug and 25 patients on placebo. In the imiquimod group, four patients resolved and eight patients downgraded to low-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion (LSIL) with a median follow-up of 33 months. In the placebo group, one patient resolved. Imiquimod was significantly associated with a positive outcome (P = 0.003). Only one patient discontinued owing to side effects. Twenty-one patients entered a second open-label phase of treatment. Five of these patients cleared their anal canal intraepithelial neoplasia (ACIN) and four patients downgraded to LSIL. The overall mean duration of follow-up was 36 months. During this extended follow-up period, 61% have exhibited sustained absence of high-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion (HSIL)., CONCLUSION: This study demonstrates the effectiveness of imiquimod for the treatment of ACIN, and the benefit of prolonged or repeated treatments. This form of therapy is likely to be especially valuable for patients with widespread multifocal ACIN who are otherwise difficult to treat, and should be considered as an adjunct to ablative therapy.
Milk enriched with conjugated linoleic acid fails to alter blood lipids or body composition in moderately overweight, borderline hyperlipidemic individuals.; BACKGROUND: Dietary conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) represents a group of positional and geometric isomers of conjugated dienoic derivatives of linoleic acid. The effects of dietary CLA on blood lipids and body composition in humans remain controversial., OBJECTIVE: To examine whether consumption of milk enriched naturally or synthetically with cis 9, trans 11 (c-9, t-11) and trans 10, cis 12 (t-10, c-12) CLA isomers alters blood lipid indices, including concentrations of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triacyglycerol; indices of liver function including plasma alanine transaminase and total bilirubin; C-reactive protein; tumor necrosis factor-alpha; and body weight and composition in moderately overweight, borderline hyperlipidemic humans., DESIGN: A randomized, 3-phase, crossover, single-blind clinical trial was carried out in moderately overweight, borderline hyperlipidemic individuals who consumed (1) milk naturally enriched in CLA (4.2%) containing c-9, t-11 only providing 1.3 g/d of CLA; (2) milk enriched with a 4.2% synthetic mixture of t-10, c-12 and c-9, t-11 CLA isomers providing 1.3 g/d of CLA; or (3) untreated milk as a control providing 0.2 g/d CLA. Dietary phases were each 8 weeks in duration and were separated by 4-week washout periods. Plasma lipid levels were measured in blood samples collected at the beginning and end of each dietary phase. Magnetic resonance imaging was carried out at the beginning and end of each dietary phase to assess any changes in regional body fat composition., RESULTS: Compared with the control intervention, consumption of the two CLA-enriched milks failed to alter plasma total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, or triacyglycerol concentrations; body weight; or fat composition. CLA consumption did not significantly affect plasma alanine transaminase, total bilirubin, C-reactive protein, or tumor necrosis factor-alpha concentrations., CONCLUSION: Results from this study fail to support the role of milk enriched naturally with CLA containing c-9, t-11 or synthetically with c-9, t-11 and t-10, c-12 CLA isomers in modulation of lipid profiles or body composition in moderately overweight, borderline hyperlipidemic individuals.
[Infant feeding practice and later obesity risk. Indications for early metabolic programming].; Metabolic factors acting during limited and sensitive time periods of pre- and postnatal development can induce lasting effects on health and disease risk in later life up to old age, including later obesity risk, which is referred to as early metabolic programming of long-term health. Three meta-analyses of observational studies found that obesity risk at school age was reduced with early breastfeeding compared to formula feeding. We assumed that breastfeeding protects against later obesity by reducing the occurrence of high weight gain in infancy and that one causative factor is the lower protein content of human milk compared to usual infant formulas (the "early protein hypothesis"). We are testing this hypothesis in the European Childhood Obesity Project, a double-blind, randomized clinical trial enrolling 1,678 infants in five countries (Belgium, Germany, Italy, Poland, Spain). We have randomized healthy infants born at term to receive for the first year infant formula and follow-on formula with higher or lower protein contents, respectively. The follow-up data obtained at age 2 years indicates that feeding formula with reduced protein content normalizes early growth relative to a breastfed reference group and the current WHO growth standard, which may furnish a significant long-term protection against later obesity. We conclude that infant feeding practice has a high potential for long-term health effects. The results obtained should stimulate the review of recommendations and policies for infant formula composition.
Effects of margarines and butter consumption on lipid profiles, inflammation markers and lipid transfer to HDL particles in free-living subjects with the metabolic syndrome.; OBJECTIVE: Our purpose was to examine the effects of daily servings of butter, no-trans-fat margarine and plant sterol margarine, within recommended amounts, on plasma lipids, apolipoproteins (Apos), biomarkers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction, and on the transfer of lipids to HDL particles in free-living subjects with the metabolic syndrome., METHODS: This was a randomized, single-blind study where 53 metabolic syndrome subjects (62% women, mean age 54 years) received isocaloric servings of butter, no-trans-fat margarine or plant sterol margarine in addition to their usual diets for 5 weeks. The main outcome measures were plasma lipids, Apo, inflammatory and endothelial dysfunction markers (CRP, IL-6, CD40L or E-selectin), small dense LDL cholesterol concentrations and in vitro radioactive lipid transfer from cholesterol-rich emulsions to HDL. Difference among groups was evaluated by analysis of variance., RESULTS: There was a significant reduction in Apo-B (-10.4 %, P=0.043) and in the Apo-B/Apo-A-1 ratio (-11.1%, P=0.034) with plant sterol margarine. No changes in plasma lipids were noticed with butter and no-trans-fat margarine. Transfer rates of lipids to HDL were reduced in the no-trans-fat margarine group: triglycerides -42.0%, (P<0.001 vs butter and sterol margarine) and free cholesterol -16.2% (P=0.006 vs sterol margarine). No significant effects were noted on the concentrations of inflammatory and endothelial dysfunction markers among the groups., CONCLUSIONS: In free-living subjects with the metabolic syndrome consumption of plant sterol and no-trans-fat margarines within recommended amounts reduced, respectively, Apo-B concentrations and the ability of HDL to accept lipids.
Mepilex Lite dressings for the management of radiation-induced erythema: a systematic inpatient controlled clinical trial.; Erythema occurs in 80-90% of women treated for breast cancer with radiation therapy. There is currently no standard treatment for radiation-induced skin reactions. This study investigates the clinical efficacy of Mepilex Lite dressings in reducing radiation-induced erythema in women with breast cancer. A total of 28 patients were recruited; of these, 24 participants presented with 34 erythematous areas of skin for analysis. When erythema was visible, each affected skin area was randomly divided into two similar halves: one half was treated using Mepilex Lite dressings, the other half with standard aqueous cream. Skin reactions were assessed by the Radiation-Induced Skin Reaction Assessment Scale. We also evaluated any potential dose build-up by the dressings using a white water phantom, the dose distribution over the breast via thermoluminescent dosimeters (TLDs) and the surface skin temperature with an infrared thermographic scanner. Mepilex Lite dressings significantly reduced the severity of radiation-induced erythema compared with standard aqueous cream (p <0.001), did not affect surface skin temperature and caused only a small (0.5 mm) dose build-up. TLD measurements showed that the inframammary fold was exposed to significantly higher doses of radiation than any other breast region (p <0.0001). Mepilex dressings reduce radiation-induced erythema.
Pimecrolimus 1% cream in the treatment of cutaneous lesions of pemphigus vulgaris: a double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: Pemphigus vulgaris (PV) is a chronic, bullous disorder that is usually characterized by the presence of bulla and erosion on the skin and mucosa. Many studies on PV focus on the use of topical non-steroid agents. One of these agents is pimecrolimus; its efficacy is established in some inflammatory and autoimmune disorders such as oral and genital lichen planus., PATIENTS, MATERIALS AND METHODS: This was a double-blind study that was performed in 11 patients with confirmed diagnosis of PV. Patients under treatment with systemic steroid and azathioprine who had bilateral symmetrical oral lesions were selected and right- or left-sided lesions of those identified were randomized to be treated either by pimecrolimus 1% cream or placebo. The largest diameter of lesions was measured at the baseline and every 15 days for two times. Epithelization Index (EI) was calculated and data were analyzed with a program for statistical analysis., RESULTS: Overall, 11 patients (62 cutaneous lesions; 31 lesions in the pimecrolimus group and 31 lesions in the placebo group) with cutaneous lesions of the pemphigus vulgaris were included in this study. At the end of day 15, there was significant difference regarding EI between the pimecrolimus and placebo groups. In addition, EI was significantly different at the end of study (day 30) in favor of pimecrolimus group (P = 0.000)., CONCLUSION: Pimecrolimus can be used as an effective and safe adjunctive treatment for cutaneous lesions of pemphigus vulgaris.
Whitening effect of alpha-bisabolol in Asian women subjects.; SYNOPSIS: Although skin pigmentation, which results from the production and distribution of melanin in the epidermis, is the major physiological defence against solar irradiation, hyperpigmentation is a common and distressing problem caused by various inflammatory skin disorders, such as eczema, allergic contact dermatitis and irritant contact dermatitis. We evaluated the effects of a preparation containing alpha-bisabolol on pigmented skin of a group of subjects. The effectiveness of the active compound, alpha-bisabolol, in a base-cream preparation for the treatment of pigmented skin was tested on 28 female subjects as follows: the cream was applied once a day to the back for 8 weeks. These same women also applied a vehicle control cream to the pigmented skin. The results were evaluated by clinical and biophysical test methods. After 8 weeks of treatment of the alpha-bisabolol-containing cream, there was significant lightening effect in the pigmented skin for the majority of the subjects who tested the cream.
Cutaneous anaesthesia of the lower leg can improve sensibility in the diabetic foot. A double-blind, randomized clinical trial.; AIMS: Impaired sensory function in the sole of the foot in diabetic patients is a substantial problem caused by unknown mechanisms. Hand or foot sensibility can be improved by cutaneous anaesthesia of the forearm or lower leg, respectively, in healthy subjects. Hypothetically, cutaneous anaesthesia induces a silent area in the primary somatosensory cortex, allowing adjacent cortical areas to expand; thus, resulting in enhanced sensory processing. Our aim was to improve sensory function in the foot in Type 1 and Type 2 diabetic patients by application of an anaesthetic cream to the lower leg., METHODS: In a double-blind study, 37 patients with Type 1 or Type 2 diabetes were randomly assigned to cutaneous application of either an anaesthetic cream (EMLA) or a placebo cream to the skin of the lower leg for 1.5 h. Sensibility at five points of the sole of the foot was assessed before and after 1.5 and 24 h. Vibrotactile sense was also assessed. Primary outcome was change of touch threshold at the first metatarsal head from pretreatment to 1.5 h assessment., RESULTS: Anaesthetic cream on the lower leg resulted in a significant improvement of touch threshold at the first metatarsal head after 1.5 and 24 h. In addition, improvement of touch thresholds was also observed at the other four assessment sites, together with a decreased vibration threshold at 125 Hz., CONCLUSIONS: The findings of improved touch thresholds open up new possibilities in treatment of sensibility disturbances in the diabetic foot, using a simple and non-invasive method.
Effects of native banana starch supplementation on body weight and insulin sensitivity in obese type 2 diabetics.; Few fiber supplements have been studied for physiological effectiveness. The effects of native banana starch (NBS) and soy milk (control) on body weight and insulin sensitivity in obese type 2 diabetics were compared using a blind within-subject crossover design. Subjects undertook two phases of 4-week supplementation either with NBS or soy milk. Patients on NBS lost more body weight than when they were on control treatment. Plasma insulin and HOMA-I were reduced after NBS consumption, compared with baseline levels, but not significantly when compared to the control treatment. Results support the use of NBS as part of dietary fiber supplementation.
Urine accurately reflects circulating isoflavonoids and ascertains compliance during soy intervention.; BACKGROUND: Isoflavonoids (IFL) may protect against chronic diseases, including cancer. IFL exposure is traditionally measured from plasma (PL), but the reliability of urine is uncertain. We assessed whether IFL excretion in overnight urine (OU) or spot urine (SU) reliably reflects IFLs in PL and the usefulness of the three matrices to determine soy intake compliance., METHODS: In a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled soy intervention trial with 350 postmenopausal women, IFLs (daidzein, genistein, glycitein, equol, O-desmethylangolensin, dihydrodaidzein, dihydrogenistein) were analyzed by liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry in OU, SU, and PL collected at baseline and every 6 months over 2.5 years., RESULTS: High between-subject intraclass correlations between all three matrices (median, 0.94) and high between-subject Pearson correlations (median r(OU-PL) = 0.80; median r(SU-PL) = 0.80; median r(OU-SU) = 0.92) allowed the development of equations to predict IFL values from any of the three matrices. Equations developed from a randomly selected 87% of all available data were valid because high correlations were found on the residual 13% of data between equation-generated and measured IFL values (median r(OU-PL) = 0.86; median r(SU-PL) = 0.78; median r(OU-SU) = 0.84); median absolute IFL differences for OU-PL, SU-PL, and OU-SU were 8.8 nmol/L, 10.3 nmol/L, and 0.28 nmol/mg, respectively. All three matrices showed highly significant IFL differences between the placebo and soy intervention group at study end (P < 0.0001) and highly significant correlations between IFL values and counted soy doses in the intervention group., CONCLUSIONS: OU and SU IFL excretion reflect circulating PL IFL levels in healthy postmenopausal women accurately., IMPACT: Noninvasively-collected urine can be used to reliably determine systemic IFL exposure and soy intake compliance.
Effects of Bifidobacterium lactis HN019 and prebiotic oligosaccharide added to milk on iron status, anemia, and growth among children 1 to 4 years old.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effect of Bifidobacterium lactis HN019 and prebiotic-fortified milk on iron status, anemia, and growth among 1- to 4-year-old children., PATIENTS AND METHODS: In a community-based double-masked, controlled trial in a periurban population, 624 children were enrolled and randomly allocated to receive either milk fortified with additional probiotic and prebiotic (n = 312) or control milk (n = 312) for 1 year. Probiotic and prebiotic milk contained an additional 1.9 x 10 colony-forming units per day of probiotic B lactis HN019 and 2.4 g/day of prebiotic oligosaccharides milk. Hematological parameters were estimated at baseline and at the end of the study. Height and weight measurements were recorded at baseline, mid study, and the end of the study. Difference of means and multivariate regression models was used to examine the effect of intervention., RESULTS: Both study groups were similar at baseline. Compliance was high (>85%) and did not vary by intervention groups. As compared with non-fortified milk, consumption of probiotic- and prebiotic-fortified milk for a period of 1 year reduced the risk of being anemic and iron deficient by 45% (95% CI 11%, 66%; P = 0.01) and increased weight gain by 0.13 kg/year (95% CI 0.03, 0.23; P = 0.02)., CONCLUSIONS: Preschoolers are usually fed milk, which has good acceptance and can be easily fortified for delivery of probiotics. Consumption of B lactis HN019 and prebiotic-fortified milk resulted in a smaller number of iron-deficient preschoolers and increased weight gain.
Daily egg consumption in hyperlipidemic adults--effects on endothelial function and cardiovascular risk.; BACKGROUND: Limiting consumption of eggs, which are high in cholesterol, is generally recommended to reduce risk of cardiovascular disease. However, recent evidence suggests that dietary cholesterol has limited influence on serum cholesterol or cardiac risk., OBJECTIVE: To assess the effects of egg consumption on endothelial function and serum lipids in hyperlipidemic adults., METHODS: Randomized, placebo-controlled crossover trial of 40 hyperlipidemic adults (24 women, 16 men; average age = 59.9 +/- 9.6 years; weight = 76.3 +/- 21.8 kilograms; total cholesterol = 244 +/- 24 mg/dL). In the acute phase, participants were randomly assigned to one of the two sequences of a single dose of three medium hardboiled eggs and a sausage/cheese breakfast sandwich. In the sustained phase, participants were then randomly assigned to one of the two sequences of two medium hardboiled eggs and 1/2 cup of egg substitute daily for six weeks. Each treatment assignment was separated by a four-week washout period. Outcome measures of interest were endothelial function measured as flow mediated dilatation (FMD) and lipid panel., RESULTS: Single dose egg consumption had no effects on endothelial function as compared to sausage/cheese (0.4 +/- 1.9 vs. 0.4 +/- 2.4%; p = 0.99). Daily consumption of egg substitute for 6 weeks significantly improved endothelial function as compared to egg (1.0 +/- 1.2% vs. -0.1 +/- 1.5%; p < 0.01) and lowered serum total cholesterol (-18 +/- 18 vs. -5 +/- 21 mg/dL; p < 0.01) and LDL (-14 +/- 20 vs. -2 +/- 19 mg/dL; p = 0.01). Study results (positive or negative) are expressed in terms of change relative to baseline., CONCLUSIONS: Egg consumption was found to be non-detrimental to endothelial function and serum lipids in hyperlipidemic adults, while egg substitute consumption was beneficial.
Phytosterols for dyslipidemia.; PURPOSE: The efficacy and safety of phytosterols for the management of dyslipidemia are reviewed., SUMMARY: Phytosterols have been evaluated in over 40 clinical trials. The incorporation of 2 g of phytosterols daily into margarine, mayonnaise, orange juice, olive oil, low-fat milk, yogurt, and tablets is associated with significant reductions in low-density-lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol from baseline over 1-12 months in adults with normal or high cholesterol, in children, and in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Phytosterol dosages of 1.6-3 g daily have been shown to reduce LDL cholesterol by 4.1-15% versus placebo within the first month of therapy. One meta-analysis found mean reductions of 10-11%, but results vary. Several placebo-controlled trials found that the addition of phytosterols to statin therapy was associated with reductions of 7-20% in LDL cholesterol for up to 1.5 years. Overall, phytosterols are useful for reducing LDL cholesterol in patients who cannot reach their treatment goal by diet alone or who are taking maximum tolerated doses of statins. These products offer an alternative to statins in patients who cannot take statins or whose statin dosage is restricted because of potential drug interactions or concomitant diseases. Commonly reported adverse effects are primarily gastrointestinal in nature., CONCLUSION: Phytosterol therapy produces an average 10-11% reduction in LDL cholesterol concentration, but it is unknown whether this effect persists beyond two years. Phytosterol products are well tolerated and have few drug interactions, but their long-term safety has not been established. Current evidence is sufficient to recommend phytosterols for lowering LDL cholesterol in adults.
Improvement of bone formation biomarkers after 1-year consumption with milk fortified with eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, oleic acid, and selected vitamins.; The hypothesis of this study was that the replacement of regular milk with fortified milk in hyperlipidemic adults for 1 year would improve bone biomarkers. The fortified milk contained eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid from fish oils, oleic acid, vitamins A, B(6), and E, as well as folic acid. We believe that the fortified milk will improve the blood fatty acid profile and vitamin status in subjects to benefit bone health biomarkers. From the 84 patients who accepted to participate, 11 of these were excluded for the presence of metabolic diseases and 1 was excluded for noncompliance with the protocol. Seventy-two hyperlipidemic patients (35-65 years) were randomly divided between 2 study groups. The supplement group (E; n = 39) consumed 0.5 L/d of fortified milk that contained fish oil, oleic acid, and vitamins. The control group (C; n = 33) consumed 0.5 L/d of semiskimmed milk containing the same amount of total fat. Blood samples were taken at T(0), T(3), T(6), and T(12) months to determine plasma fatty acids, vitamins B(6), E, and 25-hydroxyvitamin D and serum folate, calcium, soluble osteoprotegerin (OPG), soluble receptor activator of NF-kappaB ligand (RANKL), osteocalcin, parathormone, type I collagen carboxy-terminal telopeptide, and malondialdehyde. After 1 year, the E group showed a significant increase in plasma eicosapentaenoic acid (42%), docosahexaenoic acid (60%), vitamin B6 (38%), OPG (18%), RANKL (7%), OPG/RANKL (10%), red blood cell folate (21%), serum folate (53%), calcium (4%), vitamin D (11%), and osteocalcin (22%). Dietary supplementation with the fortified milk drink improved nutritional status and bone formation markers in adult hyperlipidemic patients. Copyright 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of low-fat dairy consumption on markers of low-grade systemic inflammation and endothelial function in overweight and obese subjects: an intervention study.; Although increased concentrations of plasma inflammatory markers are not one of the criteria to diagnose the metabolic syndrome, low-grade systemic inflammation is receiving large attention as a metabolic syndrome component and cardiovascular risk factor. As several epidemiological studies have suggested a negative relationship between low-fat dairy consumption and the metabolic syndrome, we decided to investigate the effects of low-fat dairy consumption on inflammatory markers and adhesion molecules in overweight and obese subjects in an intervention study. Thirty-five healthy subjects (BMI>27 kg/m2) consumed, in a random order, low-fat dairy products (500 ml low-fat milk and 150 g low-fat yogurt) or carbohydrate-rich control products (600 ml fruit juice and three fruit biscuits) daily for 8 weeks. Plasma concentrations of TNF-alpha were decreased by 0.16 (SD 0.50) pg/ml (P = 0.070), and soluble TNF-alpha receptor-1 (s-TNFR-1) was increased by 110.0 (SD 338.4) pg/ml (P = 0.062) after the low-fat dairy period than after the control period. s-TNFR-2 was increased by 227.0 (SD 449.0) pg/ml (P = 0.020) by the dairy intervention. As a result, the TNF-alpha index, defined as the TNF-alpha:s-TNFR-2 ratio, was decreased by 0.000053 (SD 0.00012) (P = 0.015) after the dairy diet consumption. Low-fat dairy consumption had no effect on IL-6, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1, intracellular adhesion molecule-1 and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 concentrations. The present results indicate that in overweight and obese subjects, low-fat dairy consumption for 8 weeks may increase concentrations of s-TNFR compared with carbohydrate-rich product consumption, but that it has no effects on other markers of chronic inflammation and endothelial function.
Gastrointestinal metabolism of a vegetable-oil emulsion in healthy subjects.; BACKGROUND: Given the growing prevalence of overweight and obesity, weight-management strategies could be developed based on the effect of specific food ingredients on the gastrointestinal system to reduce food intake., OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate the mechanisms by which a vegetable-oil emulsion may exert its effect on satiety by applying a multilumen tube to investigate digestion and absorption of lipids in the stomach and proximal jejunum., DESIGN: We gave 16 healthy, normal-weight subjects (in a double-blind, placebo-controlled crossover design) a test product (yogurt with a vegetable-oil emulsion) or an equal-calorie control by intragastric administration on 2 separate occasions. Gastric and intestinal samples were collected from the proximal jejunum during 180 min., RESULTS: We observed almost double amounts (P < 0.05) of total lipids, mainly as free fatty acids, from the test product (450 +/- 119 mg) in the proximal jejunum compared with amounts of total lipids from the control product (230 +/- 50 mg), and an over-time difference of free fatty acid concentrations was observed between the products (P < 0.05). To our knowledge, a novel and unexpected finding was the appearance of needle-shaped crystals in the jejunal samples that originated from the vegetable-oil emulsion and consisted of saturated fatty acids. Crystals were only rarely seen in the control samples., CONCLUSION: The higher amount of lipids in the proximal jejunum and the recovery of crystals in the intestinal samples after test-product infusion provide a plausible physiologic explanation for the ileal brake mechanism that leads to the increased satiety observed for this test product.
Is ad libitum energy intake in overweight subjects reproducible in laboratory studies using the preload paradigm?.; We assessed the reproducibility of ad libitum energy intake (EI) in overweight/obese subjects. A total of six men and two women, with a body mass index 27-32 kg/m(2), aged 18-45 years, not currently dieting and weight stable during the past 3 months were studied. Participants ' EI before the study was standardized. A 1047 kJ (250 kcal) liquid preload containing 40% energy from whey protein (that is, 25 g of whey protein isolate) or a non-energy control preload were consumed randomly 90 min before an ad libitum lunch meal. Participants completed visual analogue scales for subjective appetite after preloads, and reported food intake during the remainder of the day. Treatments were repeated twice to assess reproducibility of ad libitum EI. Mean ad libitum EI was 3811+/-979 kJ and 3334+/-719 kJ after control- and whey protein-containing preloads, respectively. Analysis of repeated treatments showed within-treatment mean differences (+/- s.d.; day 1 minus day 2) of -50+/-251 kJ (-12+/-60 kcal), within coefficient of variation (CV) of 4.5% and intraclass correlation of 0.97 for control preloads. These results were -142+/-544 kJ ( 34+/-130 kcal), within-subject CVs of 11.2% and intraclass correlations of 0.72 for whey protein-containing preloads. In conclusion, ad libitum EI in a laboratory study using the preload paradigm in overweight and obese subjects was highly reproducible.
Acute effects of whey protein isolate on cardiovascular risk factors in overweight, post-menopausal women.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to investigate the acute effects of dietary whey proteins on lipids, glucose and insulin, and resting energy expenditure in overweight and obese post-menopausal women, a population highly susceptible to cardiovascular disease., METHODS: A three-way crossover design study was conducted where 20 overweight or obese, post-menopausal women were randomised to consume either 45 g whey protein isolate, 45 g sodium caseinate or 45 g of a glucose control in conjunction with a breakfast meal. Blood samples were taken for up to 6 h., RESULTS: There was no significant change in postprandial incremental area under the curve (AUC) for total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein, high density lipoprotein, non-esterified fatty acids, Apo B48, insulin and leptin between groups. However, there was a significant decrease in the appearance of triglycerides (TG) in the blood by 21% and 27% after consuming the whey meal compared to control and casein meals, respectively, as measured by AUC. There was also a significant reduction by 27% and 32% in the AUC for TG:ApoB48 ratio in the whey group compared to the glucose and casein groups, respectively. There was a significantly lower AUC for blood glucose after the consumption of the whey and casein meal compared to glucose meal., CONCLUSION: These findings suggest that a single dose of whey protein can decrease arterial exposure to smaller TG-enriched lipoprotein particles compared to the glucose and casein meals in the postprandial period in overweight and obese, post-menopausal women. Copyright 2010 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Soy and the exercise-induced inflammatory response in postmenopausal women.; Aging is associated with increasing inflammation and oxidative stress in the body, both of which can have negative health effects. Successful attenuation of such processes with dietary countermeasures has major public health implications. Soy foods, as a source of high-quality protein and isoflavones, may improve such indices, although the effects in healthy postmenopausal women are not well delineated. A single-blind, randomized controlled trial was conducted in 31 postmenopausal women who were assigned to consume 3 servings of soy (n = 16) or dairy (n = 15) milk per day for 4 weeks. Parameters of systemic inflammation (tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin-1beta (IL-1beta), and interleukin-6 (IL-6)) and the oxidative defense system (superoxide dismutase (SOD), glutathione peroxidase, cyclooxygenase-2) were measured post supplementation, before and after an eccentric exercise bout performed to elicit an inflammatory response. A significant group-by-time effect for plasma TNF-alpha was observed (p = 0.02), with values in the dairy group increased post supplementation and then decreasing into the postexercise period. Additionally, significant time effects were observed for plasma SOD (p < 0.0001) and IL-6 (p < 0.0001) in the postexercise period. Overall results from our study do not support the notion that 4 weeks of daily soy milk ingestion can attenuate systemic elevations in markers of inflammation or oxidative defense. However, data do suggest that the downhill-running protocol utilized in this study can be effective in altering systemic markers of inflammation and oxidative defense enzyme activity, and that the ingestion of soy may help prevent fluctuations in plasma TNF-alpha.
Immune-stimulating effects of lactic acid bacteria in vivo and in vitro.; The health-promoting effects of lactic acid bacteria (LAB) are well recognised, making them a popular functional food ingredient. Commercially available probiotic products are often promoted as capable of improving immune defences also in healthy subjects. However, while strain-specific differences exist in the effects of LAB, conventional yoghurt bacteria have proved beneficial as well. For comparing the immunological effects of conventional and probiotic LAB, young healthy women received either a commercially available probiotic fermented milk product or a conventional yoghurt for four weeks. Both treatments showed comparable effects resulting in a stronger immunological reaction to stimuli (natural cytotoxicity against cancer cells, mitogen-induced T-lymphocyte activation and stimulated cytokine production). To study the mechanisms behind these effects, conventional (Lactobacillus delbrueckii) and probiotic (Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG), LAB were compared in vitro at the cellular level. Interestingly, L. rhamnosus GG was more potent in inducing maturation of dendritic cells (DC) that play a substantial role in directing the immune response to stimuli. In turn, L. delbrueckii provoked a higher secretion of proinflammatory cytokines as well as IL-10. These effects were, however, observed only after direct incubation of DC and LAB, not when both were separated by a layer of enterocyte-like Caco-2 cells. LAB also induced cytokine secretion in peripheral blood mononuclear cells in a similar manner and this effect was reduced in a Caco-2 cell model, suggesting a modulating influence of gut epithelial cells. While both conventional and probiotic strains modulate the immune response, specific properties may offer therapeutic options in the treatment of certain diseases.
The lipid-lowering effects of 4 weeks of daily soymilk or dairy milk ingestion in a postmenopausal female population.; Alterations in plasma cholesterol concentrations, especially increases in low-density lipoprotein (LDL), are well-known risk factors in the development of atherosclerosis. Numerous studies have examined the lipid-lowering effects of functional soy-containing foods, but few have specifically examined soymilk, with equivocal findings reported. In September 2008, a single-blind, randomized, controlled trial was conducted on 32 postmenopausal women at Baylor University, Waco, TX, USA. After a 2-week run-in period, subjects were randomly assigned to consume three servings of vanilla soy (n = 16) or reduced-fat dairy (n = 16) milk per day for 4 weeks. Plasma lipid profiles were obtained pre- and post-supplementation. Plasma high-density lipoprotein, LDL, and triglycerides were not significantly different between groups post-intervention (P = .45) or from baseline (P = .83). Separate analysis of plasma total cholesterol levels yielded similar results (P = .19 and P = .92, respectively). Furthermore, subanalyses controlling for dyslipidemia (n = 23) and lipid-lowering medication usage (n = 28) did not significantly alter results. Despite good dietary compliance, our study failed to show a significant hypocholesterolemic effect of soymilk consumption in this postmenopausal female population. Potential reasons for this nonsignificant finding are discussed, and future research directions are presented.
Vinegar reduces postprandial hyperglycaemia in patients with type II diabetes when added to a high, but not to a low, glycaemic index meal.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Earlier studies have shown that the addition of vinegar in a carbohydrate-rich meal lowers glucose and insulin response in healthy individuals. The mechanism of how this is accomplished, however, remains unclear. The aim of this study is to examine the effect of vinegar on glucose and insulin response in patients with type II diabetes (T2D) in relation to the type of carbohydrates consumed in a meal., SUBJECTS/METHODS: Sixteen patients with T2D were divided into two groups, matched for age, gender and HbA(1c). Patients in the first group (group A) were given a high-glycaemic index (GI) meal (mashed potatoes and low-fat milk) on two different days, with and without the addition of vinegar, respectively. In the second group (group B), patients were given an isocaloric meal with the same nutrient composition, but low GI (whole grain bread, lettuce and low-fat cheese). Postprandial plasma glucose and insulin values were measured every 30 min for 2 h., RESULTS: In group A, the incremental area under the curve of glucose (GiAUC(120)) was lower after the addition of vinegar (181+/-78 mmol min/l vs 311+/-124 mmol min/l, P=0.04). The iAUC of insulin (IiAUC(120)) was also reduced, but the difference was of marginal statistical significance (2368+/-1061 microU min/ml vs 3545+/-2586 microU min/ml, P=0.056). In group B, the addition of vinegar did not affect either the GiAUC(120) (229+/-38 mmol min/l vs 238+/-25 mmol min/l, P=0.56) or the IiAUC(120) (2996+/-1302 microU min/ml vs 3007+/-1255 microU min/ml, P=0.98)., CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that the addition of vinegar reduces postprandial glycaemia in patients with T2D only when it is added to a high-GI meal.
Dynamics of fat absorption and effect of sham feeding on postprandial lipema.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Given the importance of postprandial hyperlipidemia to increase risk for atherosclerosis, in the present study, stable isotope-labeled meals were fed to healthy subjects (7 males and 3 females) to investigate the kinetics chylomicron synthesis and the effect of sensory exposure to lipid on metabolism., METHODS: Subjects performed two, 24-hour inpatient studies that entailed consumption of a liquid formula evening meal containing 30 g of oil (+ (13)C(2) triolein) on day 1. Breakfast (day 2) consisted of triacylglycerols (TAGs) fed as capsules (30 g oil + (13)C(7) triolein) to avoid activation of mouth taste receptors. Next, modified sham feeding of cream cheese occurred over 2 hours. In the 2 trials, the stimulus was either higher fat (HF) or lower fat (LF) cream cheese. A liquid meal was consumed at lunch. Blood sampling occurred intermittently, and chylomicron particles S(f) >400 TAGs were analyzed by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry., RESULTS: (13)C(2)-Label was found in fasting-state lipoproteins, and persons with higher body fat percentages showed greater dilution of meal TAGs from endogenous sources. For both trials, 13% +/- 4% of lipoprotein TAGs oleic acid was derived from the previous evening meal. Incremental area under the curve for TAGs during HF was ~2.5 times higher than after LF exposure (46 +/- 15 vs 17 +/- 5 mumol/L/h; P = .04). The greater HF morning lipemia occurred with elevated glucose, insulin, and nonesterified fatty acids peak after lunch., CONCLUSIONS: These data support a connection between enteral lipid metabolism and oral fat exposure, resulting in elevated postprandial lipemia. The results suggest that the intestine may participate in a mechanism coordinating oral fat signaling with control of subsequent macronutrient disposal in the body. Copyright © 2010 AGA Institute. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Differential impact of milk fatty acid profiles on cardiovascular risk biomarkers in healthy men and women.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The objective of this study was to evaluate the impact of three specific ruminant (R) milk fats resulting from modification of the cow's diet on cardiovascular risk factors in healthy volunteers. R-milk fats were characterized by increased content in total trans fatty acids (R-TFAs) and parallel decrease in saturated fatty acids (SFAs)., SUBJECTS/METHODS: A total of 111 healthy, normolipemic men and women have been recruited for a monocentric, randomized, double-blind and parallel intervention, 4-week controlled study. Volunteers consumed three experimental products (butter, dessert cream and cookies) made with one of the three specific milk fats (55 g fat per day). During the first week (run-in period), the subjects consumed on a daily basis dairy products containing 72% SFA/2.85% R-TFA (called 'L0'). For the next 3 weeks of the study (intervention period), the first group continued to consume L0 products. The second group received dairy products containing 63.3% SFA/4.06% R-TFA (called 'L4'), and the third group received dairy products containing 56.6% SFA/12.16% R-TFA (called 'L9')., RESULTS: Plasma concentrations of high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol were not significantly altered by either diet (P=0.38). Compared to L0 diet, L4 diet contributed to reduce low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol (-0.14+/-0.38 mmol/l, P=0.04), total cholesterol (-0.13+/-0.50 mmol/l, P=0.04), LDL-cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol (-0.14+/-0.36, P=0.03) and total cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol (-0.18+/-0.44, P=0.02)., CONCLUSIONS: Different milk fat profiles can change cardiovascular plasma parameters in human healthy volunteers. A limited increase of the R-TFA/SFA ratio in dairy products is associated with an improvement in some cardiovascular risk factors. However, a further increase in R-TFA/SFA ratio has no additional benefit.
Effect of nutritional supplementation with milk whey proteins in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis patients.; OBJECTIVE: We evaluated the efficacy of oral supplementation with milk whey proteins and modified starch (70%WPI:30%MS), on nutritional and functional parameters of patients with ALS., METHOD: A prospective randomized double-blind study was performed with 16 ALS patients, divided in two groups, the treatment group received (70%WPI:30%MS) and the control group received (maltodextrin). They underwent prospective nutritional and functional assessment for 4 months., RESULTS: Patients in the treatment group presented weight gain, increased body mass index (BMI), increased arm muscle area and circumference, higher albumin, white blood cell and total lymphocyte counts, and reduced creatine-kinase, aspartate aminotransferase and alanine aminotransferase. In the control group, biochemical parameters did not change, but weight and BMI declined., CONCLUSION: Our results indicate that the agglomerate 70%WPI:30%MS may be useful in the nutritional therapy of patients with ALS.
No long-term weight maintenance effects of gelatin in a supra-sustained protein diet.; In the short-term, gelatin showed stronger hunger suppression and less energy intake compared with other proteins. This study investigated if a supra-sustained gelatin-milk protein (GMP) diet improves weight maintenance (WM) compared with a sustained milk protein (SMP) diet and supra-sustained milk protein (SSMP) diet during a 4-months WM period after 8-week weight loss (WL) in sixty-five healthy subjects (28.6+/-3.4kg/m(2); 44+/-10years). Absolute protein intake was kept constant (sustained) throughout per subject. Diets were: protein(P)/fat(F)/carbohydrate(C): 15/40/45% of energy (En%) (SMP) and 30/25/45 En% (SSMP or GMP) for weeks 9-16. Diets on weeks 17-24: P/F/C: 30/35/35 En% (SMP) and 60/5/35 En% (SSMP or GMP). From weeks 8 to 16, and weeks 16 to 24, changes in BMI were similar between the GMP (-0.4+/-0.6 and 0.3+/-0.7kg/m(2) respectively), and the SMP (-0.7+/-0.9 and 0.1+/-0.7kg/m(2) respectively) and SSMP (-0.6+/-0.6 and 0.3+/-0.6kg/m(2) respectively) diets. Sparing of fat free mass (FFM): increases/decreases in FFM%/fat-mass% from weeks 8 to 16 were similar between the GMP and both control diets, and maintained from weeks 16 to 24. In conclusion, all 3 diets resulted in a successful WM period, while a GMP diet does not improve body weight maintenance and related variables after weight loss compared with a SMP and SSMP diet. Copyright 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of peanut processing on body weight and fasting plasma lipids.; Peanuts and peanut butter are commonly consumed as a snack, meal component and ingredient in various commercial products. Their consumption is associated with reduced CVD risk and they pose little threat to positive energy balance. However, questions have arisen as to whether product form (e.g. whole nut v. butter) and processing properties (e.g. roasting and adding flavours) may compromise their positive health effects. The present study investigated the effects of peanut form and processing on two CVD risk factors: fasting plasma lipids and body weight. One hundred and eighteen adults (forty-seven males and seventy-one females; age 29.2 (sd 8.4) years; BMI 30.0 (sd 4.5) kg/m2) from Brazil, Ghana and the United States were randomised to consume 56 g of raw unsalted (n 23), roasted unsalted (n 24), roasted salted (n 23) or honey roasted (n 24) peanuts, or peanut butter (n 24) daily for 4 weeks. Peanut form and processing did not differentially affect body weight or fasting plasma lipid responses in the total sample. However, HDL-cholesterol increased significantly at the group level, and total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol and TAG concentrations decreased significantly in individuals classified as having elevated fasting plasma lipids compared with those with normal fasting plasma lipids. These observations suggest that the processing attributes assessed in this trial do not compromise the lipid-lowering effects of peanuts, and do not negatively impact body weight. Further studies are warranted to determine the effects of form and processing on other health risk factors.
The acute effects of four protein meals on insulin, glucose, appetite and energy intake in lean men.; Different dietary proteins vary in their ability to influence satiety and reduce food intake. The present study compared the effects of four protein meals, whey, tuna, turkey and egg albumin, on postprandial glucose and insulin concentrations as well as on appetite measures and energy intake in twenty-two lean, healthy men. This was a randomised, cross-over design study where participants consumed four liquid test meals on separate occasions followed by the collection of regular blood samples (fasting, +30, 60, 90, 120, 180 and 240 min). They were then offered a buffet meal 4 h later. The blood glucose response after the consumption of the test meal, as an incremental area under the curve (AUC), was significantly lower with the whey meal than with the turkey (P < 0.023) and egg (P < 0.001) meals, but it was not lower than with the tuna meal (P < 0.34). The AUC blood insulin after the consumption of the test meal was significantly higher with the whey meal than with the tuna, turkey and egg meals (all P < 0.001). The AUC rating of hunger was significantly lower with the whey meal than with the tuna (P < 0.033), turkey (P < 0.001) and egg (P < 0.001) meals. Mean energy intake at the ad libitum meal was significantly lower (P < 0.001) with the whey meal than with the tuna, egg and turkey meals. There was a strong relationship between self-rated appetite, postprandial insulin response and energy intake at lunch. Whey protein meal produced a greater insulin response, reduced appetite and decreased ad libitum energy intake at a subsequent meal compared with the other protein meals, indicating a potential for appetite suppression and weight loss in overweight or obese individuals.
Effects of phytosterol ester-enriched low-fat milk on serum lipoprotein profile in mildly hypercholesterolaemic patients are not related to dietary cholesterol or saturated fat intake.; Phytosterols (PS) are recommended to reduce LDL-cholesterol. However, the influence of cholesterol and fat intake on the lipid-lowering effect of PS in mildly hypercholesterolaemia is unclear. Thus, the aim of the present study was to evaluate whether the efficacy of PS is related to the composition of saturated fat and dietary cholesterol intake. Additionally, serum carotenoid content was analysed to evaluate to what extent it was undermined by PS. This was a 3-month randomised, parallel trial with a three-arm design. Patients were divided into three groups: healthy diet (n 24), healthy diet+PS (n 31) and free diet+PS (n 29), receiving 2 g/d of PS. Healthy and free diets were characterised by a daily ingestion of 6.8 % of saturated fat and 194.4 mg of cholesterol and 12.7 % of saturated fat and 268.1 mg of cholesterol, respectively. After PS therapy, patients receiving the healthy diet+PS or a free diet+PS exhibited a similar reduction in total cholesterol (6.7 and 5.5 %), LDL-cholesterol (9.6 and 7.0 %), non-HDL-cholesterol (12.2 and 8.9 %) and apo B-100/apo A-I ratio (11.5 and 11.6 %), respectively. In patients following the healthy diet, (beta-carotene concentration rose by 26.9 %, whereas the beta-carotene and lycopene levels dropped by 21.0 and 22.8 % in the group receiving the free diet+PS, respectively. No change was observed in carotenoid levels in healthy diet+PS group. In conclusion, the efficacy of PS in relation to lipoprotein profile is not influenced by saturated fat or dietary cholesterol intake, which confirms the positive effect of healthy diet therapy in improving the negative effects that PS exert on carotenoid levels.
Can lactase persistence genotype be used to reassess the relationship between renal cell carcinoma and milk drinking? Potentials and problems in the application of Mendelian randomization.; BACKGROUND: Increased risk of renal cell carcinoma (RCC) with milk consumption has been reported from observational studies. Whether this represents a causal association or is a result of confounding or bias is unclear. We assessed the potential for using genetic variation in lactase persistence as a tool for the study of this relationship., METHODS: Using a large, hospital-based case-control study, we used observational, phenotypic, and genetic data to determine whether the MCM6 -13910 C/T(rs4988235) variant may be used as a nonconfounded and unbiased marker for milk consumption., RESULTS: Consumption of milk during adulthood was associated with increased risk of RCC [odds ratio (OR), 1.35; 95% confidence interval (95% CI), 1.03-1.76; P=0.03]. Among controls, consumption of milk was associated with the lactase persistence genotype at rs4988235 (OR, 2.39; 95% CI, 1.81-3.15; P=6.9x10(-10)); however, the same genotype was not associated with RCC (OR, 1.01; 95% CI, 0.83-1.22; P=0.9). In controls, milk consumption was associated with confounding factors, including smoking and educational attainment, whereas genotypes at rs4988235 showed negligible association with confounding factors., CONCLUSION: The absence of an association between the MCM6 genotype and RCC suggests that observational associations between milk consumption and RCC may be due to confounding or bias., IMPACT: Although these data suggest that associations between milk consumption and RCC may be spurious, if the association between genotype and behavioral exposure is weak, then the power of this test may be low. The nature of intermediate risk factor instrumentation is an important consideration in the undertaking and interpretation of this type of causal analysis experiment. Copyright (c) 2010 AACR
Effects of protein quality on appetite and energy metabolism in normal weight subjects.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to compare the effects of consumption of different protein sources on food intake and energy expenditure in normal weight subjects., SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Breakfast preparations (casein, soy protein, whey protein or control) were ingested during seven consecutive days. Appetite, food intake, and energy expenditure were assessed., RESULTS: Casein consumption led to a lower energy intake than whey protein. There was lower energy intake on day 7 than on day 1 of the casein session. Soy protein preparations resulted in higher diet induced thermogenesis (DIT) than in control preparations. The respiratory quotient (RQ) obtained in the whey protein session was lower than the control and soy protein sessions., CONCLUSION: These results suggest that the consumption of different protein types leads to distinct effects on satiety (casein), DIT (soy protein), and/or RQ (whey protein).
HDL cholesterol levels in children with mild hypercholesterolemia: effect of consuming skim milk enriched with olive oil and modulation by the TAQ 1B polymorphism in the CETP gene.; BACKGROUND: This study aimed to examine the changes in serum lipids in children with mild hypercholesterolemia after the use of skim milk or olive-oil-enriched skim milk in their diet and the modulation of lipid levels by the Taq 1B polymorphism in the cholesteryl-ester transfer protein gene., METHODS: Thirty-six prepubertal children with mild hypercholesterolemia were randomly assigned in a crossover design into 2 groups of 16 and 20 individuals. Both groups received, in sequential inverse order, the 2 types of milk for 2 periods of 6 weeks., RESULTS: Carriers of at least 1 B2 allele had an adjusted basal HDL cholesterol level significantly higher than children with the B1B1 genotype (1.291 mmol/l, 95% CI: 1.184-1.397, vs. 1.082 mmol/l, 95% CI: 0.931-1.233; p = 0.027). In contrast, there were no significant differences in the adjusted basal levels of apolipoprotein A-I (B2 carriers: 1.292 g/l, 95% CI: 1.218-1.367; B1B1 genotype: 1.215 g/l, 95% CI: 1.109-1.320; p = 0.223). The intake of olive-oil-enriched skim milk caused significant increases in HDL cholesterol and apolipoprotein A-I, both in B2 (0.089 mmol/l, 95% CI: 0.032-0.146, p = 0.005; 0.55 g/l, 95% CI: 0.012-0.098; p = 0.018) and in B1B1 carriers (0.179 mmol/l, 95% CI: 0.096-0.262; p < 0.001; and 0.095 g/l, 95% CI: 0.032-0.157; p = 0.003). This increase in HDL cholesterol was significantly higher in the B1B1 group (p = 0.049)., CONCLUSION: The consumption of skim milk enriched with olive oil increases the HDL cholesterol and apolipoprotein A-I levels in children with hypercholesterolemia, this effect being more intense in carriers of the B1B1 genotype.
The SINS trial: a randomised controlled trial of excisional surgery versus imiquimod 5% cream for nodular and superficial basal cell carcinoma.; BACKGROUND: Basal cell carcinoma is the commonest human cancer. Despite increasing incidence it remains poorly researched. While not life threatening it can cause significant cosmetic disfigurement. Imiquimod, a cream which enhances the body's immune response, may help deal with the number of cases that occur in low-risk sites, especially when good cosmetic results and home use without surgery are needed. This study aims 1. To compare excisional surgery with imiquimod cream for nodular or superficial basal cell carcinoma in low risk sites, with respect to 3 year clinical clearance, cost-effectiveness and cosmetic results. 2. To ascertain if certain phenotypic features and gene polymorphisms predict tumour responsiveness to treatment., METHODS/DESIGN: Five hundred participants with low risk nodular or superficial basal cell carcinoma will be recruited from hospitals to this multi-centre, randomised, parallel group, controlled phase III trial. Treatment in the imiquimod group is for 6 weeks for superficial basal cell carcinoma and 12 weeks for nodular basal cell carcinoma. Both treatment groups are followed up in clinic for 3 years. Primary outcome variable: the proportion of participants with clinical evidence of success (no recurrence) at 3 years. The primary outcome will be compared between the two treatment groups. Secondary outcomes include: i) clinical success at 1, 2 and 5 years, ii) time to first recurrence, iii) cosmetic appearance of lesion site after treatment, iv) level of pain, and v) cost-effectiveness. Safety and tolerability data will also be reported., DISCUSSION: This study protocol describes a pragmatic randomised controlled trial which it is hoped will address the above uncertainties. Three-year results will be available towards the end of 2010., TRIAL REGISTRATION: Meta-register: NCT00066872, Eudract No. 2004-004506-24, ISRCTN48755084.
Breast feeding and insulin levels in low birth weight neonates: a randomized study.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the influence of early infancy feeding practices on fasting insulin levels, as marker of insulin resistance, in low birthweight neonates., METHODS: Eighty successive low birth weight (<2.5 kg) neonates <10 days of age born at >38 wk of gestation at this tertiary care centre, were successively invited for participation in the study; parents of 52 (65%) consented to participate. Group 1 children (n=26) were randomized to receive only breast feeding and Group 2 (n=26) received fortified breast feeding with a commercially available human milk fortifier. Routine anthropometry and evaluation of health status was performed. The babies were followed-up every 15 day up to three months. 4-hour fasting glucose and insulin levels were measured at baseline and at 3 month. Statistical analyses were performed using t-test and Mann-Whitney test., RESULTS: In excusively breast-fed Group 1 neonates vs Group 2 the mean birthweight was similar (1.99+/-0.23 vs 1.87+/-0.30 kg). There was no difference in body length, head circumference and chest circumference. Mean hemoglobin levels, fasting glucose (63.9+/-9.8 vs 64.3+/-8.0 mg/dl) and fasting insulin levels (1.44+/-1.19 vs 1.73+/-1.38 microU/ml), were also similar. At three month follow-up in Group 1 children receiving exclusive breast feeding, there was significantly lower weight as compared to Group 2 (3.40+/-0.3 vs 4.75+/-0.5 kg, p<0.01). This was associated with significantly lower fasting glucose (79.0+/-9.4 vs 85.6+/-8.4 mg/dl) and fasting insulin levels (6.95+/-4.27 vs 15.73+/-3.29 microU/ml) (p<0.001). The difference persisted even after adjustment for weight gain in Group 2 (weight adjusted insulin 11.26+/-3.3 microU/ml; p<0.001)., CONCLUSIONS: Low birthweight neonates fed fortified breast milk had greater fasting insulin levels compared to those with exclusive breast feeding, at three month of age. The difference persisted after adjustment for excessive gain in fortified milk fed neonates and, suggests adverse glucometabolic programming.
Science base of complementary feeding practice in infancy.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The review presents a selection of publications on complementary feeding in industrialized countries during 2008-2009, after the publication of the ESPGHAN position paper in early 2008., RECENT FINDINGS: The WHO recommendation for introduction of complementary feeding at 6 months is adapted in many countries, but the issue is still discussed and many mothers introduce complementary feeding as early as before 4 months. The European Food Safety Authority recently published a comprehensive review on the appropriate age for the introduction of complementary feeding and concluded that introduction between 4 and 6 months is safe. One study showed that delaying introduction of complementary feeding up to 6 months resulted in lower risk of overweight as adult. Milk protein is stimulating insulin-like growth factor-1 and growth and a recent study supports a long-term programming of the insulin-like growth factor-1 axis. There is now a broad consensus that there is no need to delay the introduction of hyperallergenic foods, which might even increase the risk of allergic disease. Randomized studies show that docosahexaenoic acid may affect heart rate and thereby cardiovascular regulation., SUMMARY: Despite some recent interesting publications, there is still a need for more large randomized studies to further explore to what degree the time of introduction and composition of complementary foods have effects on growth, development and especially the long-term risk of diseases.
Effects of whey protein isolate on body composition, lipids, insulin and glucose in overweight and obese individuals.; The health benefits currently associated with increased dairy intake may be attributable to the whey component of dairy proteins. The present study evaluated the effects of whey protein supplementation on body composition, lipids, insulin and glucose in comparison to casein and glucose (control) supplementation in overweight/obese individuals for 12 weeks. The subjects were randomised to whey protein, casein or glucose supplementation for 12 weeks according to a parallel design. Fasting blood samples and dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry measurements were taken. Seventy men and women with a mean age of 48.4 (SEM 0.86) years and a mean BMI of 31.3 (SEM 0.8) kg/m2 completed the study. Subjects supplemented with whey protein had no significant change in body composition or serum glucose at 12 weeks compared with the control or casein group. Fasting TAG levels were significantly lowered in the whey group compared with the control group at 6 weeks (P = 0.025) and 12 weeks (P = 0.035). There was a significant decrease in total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol at week 12 in the whey group compared with the casein (P = 0.026 and 0.045, respectively) and control groups (P < 0.001 and 0.003, respectively). Fasting insulin levels and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance scores were also significantly decreased in the whey group compared with the control group (P = 0.049 and P = 0.034, respectively). The present study demonstrated that supplementation with whey proteins improves fasting lipids and insulin levels in overweight and obese individuals.
Effects of soy protein and isoflavones on glycemic control and insulin sensitivity: a 6-mo double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial in postmenopausal Chinese women with prediabetes or untreated early diabetes.; BACKGROUND: In vitro and animal studies have suggested that soy protein and isoflavones have favorable effects on glucose and insulin regulation, but intervention studies in humans are limited, and the results are controversial., OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether soy protein with isoflavones and soy isoflavone extracts could improve glycemic control and insulin sensitivity in postmenopausal women with early hyperglycemia., DESIGN: This was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial that included 180 postmenopausal Hong Kong Chinese women with prediabetes or early untreated diabetes. After a 2-wk adaptation period, participants were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 arms to receive 15 g soy protein and 100 mg isoflavones, 15 g milk protein and 100 mg isoflavones, or 15 g milk protein on a daily basis for 6 mo., RESULTS: Three- or 6-mo treatments with soy protein with or without isoflavone supplementation did not result in favorable changes in the descriptors for glycemic control and insulin resistance, namely fasting and 2-h postload glucose, fasting and postload insulin, glycated serum protein, and homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance and beta-cell function., CONCLUSIONS: This 6-mo randomized controlled trial did not support the hypothesis that soy protein with or without isoflavone supplementation had favorable effects on glycemic control and insulin sensitivity among postmenopausal Chinese women. The favorable change in postload glucose needs to be further confirmed.
n-3 LC-PUFA-enriched dairy products are able to reduce cardiovascular risk factors: a double-blind, cross-over study.; BACKGROUND: &, AIMS: The effects of n-3 LC-PUFA-supplemented dairy products on cardiovascular risk factors in mildly hypertriacylglycerolemic patients (TAG: >=1.5 mmol/L) were determined., METHODS: Fifty-one patients (25 f, 26 m) were included in the double-blind, placebo-controlled cross-over study and were randomly divided into two groups. Both groups received intervention (3g n-3 LC-PUFA/d) and control dairy products consecutively for fifteen weeks with a ten-week wash-out phase between the two treatments. Blood samples and 24-h urine were obtained at the beginning and at the end of each period. The blood lipids were determined by enzymatic methods and using the autoanalyser Synchron LX systems (Beckman Coulter). 7,8-Dihydro-8-oxo-2'-deoxyguanosine and fatty acids were analysed with HPLC and GC., RESULTS: Generally, the consumption of the intervention products resulted in a significant improvement of cardiovascular risk factors, e.g., n-3 FA index, AA/EPA ratio, total cholesterol, and TAG. The TAG and LDL/HDL ratio were lower at the end of the intervention period in comparison with the control period, whereas HDL cholesterol was higher at the end of the intervention period. Further, n-3 LC-PUFA-enriched products did not cause additional oxidative DNA damage as shown by the 7,8-dihydro-8-oxo-2'-deoxyguanosine excretion., CONCLUSIONS: The consumption of n-3 LC-PUFA-supplemented dairy products decreases cardiovascular risk factors. Copyright © 2010 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Effectiveness of cross polarized light and fluorescence diagnosis for detection of sub-clinical and clinical actinic keratosis during imiquimod treatment.; BACKGROUND: During treatment of actinic keratosis (AK) lesions with imiquimod sub-clinical lesions often become visible. It is, however, unclear whether these sub-clinical lesions would be detectable beforehand., OBJECTIVE: The aim of this pilot study was to compare two techniques, cross polarized light photography (CPL) and fluorescence diagnosis (FD) using methyllevulinic acid and illumination with Wood's lamp for their ability to detect sub-clinical lesions. These findings were also compared with biopsy results taken before and after treatment with imiquimod 5% cream or vehicle., METHODOLOGY: Twelve patients with at least five clinically visible AK lesions in a single contiguous 20 cm(2) area on the head were recruited. Patient eligibility was determined at the screening visit, when they were randomized to treatment. The randomization was 3:1, active to vehicle (nine treated with imiquimod, three with vehicle cream) for a total duration of 24 weeks (six clinic visits). Patients were assessed for baseline AK lesion counts (clinical and sub-clinical) at the screening visit and final counts at week 20., RESULTS: The number of clinically observed AK lesions was significantly lower at week 12 and week 20 compared with baseline following imiquimod treatment versus vehicle. The number of counted lesions were significantly higher using the CPL method compared with clinical counting with imiquimod treatment at baseline (8.3 +/- 3.4 vs 5.8 +/- 1.3; P = 0.027) and week 20 (4.8 +/- 2.4 vs 3.0 +/- 1.7; P = 0.02) but not in the vehicle group. The FD lesion counting method did not show a significant increase in the number of detected lesions compared with clinical analysis in the imiquimod and placebo groups but when comparisons were performed using pooled data (treatments and visits combined) the results were significant., CONCLUSION: The number of sub-clinical and clinical AK lesions detected during treatment with imiquimod can be better demonstrated using the methods of CPL and FD, but statistical significance was reached only using the CPL method. This is only a preliminary study with a small number of patients and as a result it is difficult to conclude both statistical and clinical significance. However, results were encouraging and indicate that larger studies are needed to demonstrate the relevance of these two new methods for improved detection of clinical and especially sub-clinical AK lesions.
The antihypertensive effect of fermented milk in individuals with prehypertension or borderline hypertension.; Fermented milk (FM) with putative antihypertensive effect in humans could be an easy applicable lifestyle intervention against hypertension. The mode of action is supposed to be through active milk peptides, shown to possess in vitro ACE-inhibitory effect. Blood pressure (BP) reductions upto 23 mm Hg have been reported in spontaneously hypertensive rats fed FM. Results from human studies of the antihypertensive effect are inconsistent. However, many studies suffer from methodological weaknesses, as insufficient blinding and the use of office BP measurements. We conducted a randomised, double-blind placebo-controlled study of the antihypertensive effect of Lactobacillus helveticus FM in 94 prehypertensive and borderline hypertensive subjects. The participants were randomised into three treatment groups with a daily intake of 150 ml of FM, 300 ml of FM or placebo (chemically acidified milk). The primary outcome was repeated 24-h ambulatory BP measurements. There were no statistically significant differences in the outcome between the groups (systolic BP (SBP), P=0.9; diastolic BP (DBP), P=0.2). However, the group receiving 300 ml FM had reduced BP across the 8-week period in several readings, which could be compatible with a minor antihypertensive effect. Heart rate and lipids remained unchanged between groups. Hence, our study does not support earlier studies measuring office BP-measurements, reporting antihypertensive effect of FM. Based on straight performed 24-h ambulatory BP measurements, milk fermented with Lactobacillus helveticus does not posses significant antihypertensive effect.
Topical Boswellic acids for treatment of photoaged skin.; Boswellic acids (BAs) are pentacyclic triterpenes extracted from the gum resins of the tropical tree Boswellia serrata. They are orally administered in traditional Indian medicine for the treatment of several inflammatory disease and cancer because of their anti-inflammatory and immunomodulatory activities as well as stimulatory effects on fibroblasts. The present authors have investigated efficacy, tolerability, and safety of a base cream containing 0.5% BAs in the treatment of clinical manifestations of photoaging of facial skin with a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, split-face study. Fifteen female volunteers applied the creams with or without BAs on the half sides of the face once daily for 30 days. Significant improvements of the Dover's global score for photoaging, tactile roughness, and fine lines, as well as, with noninvasive diagnostic techniques, an increase of elasticity, a decrease of sebum excretion, and a change of echographic parameters were observed with topical BAs in comparison with placebo. The treatment was always well tolerated without adverse effects. The present findings seem to indicate that topical application of BAs may represent a suitable treatment option for selected features of skin photoaging.
Imiquimod 2.5% and 3.75% for the treatment of actinic keratoses: results of two placebo-controlled studies of daily application to the face and balding scalp for two 2-week cycles.; BACKGROUND: The approved imiquimod 5% cream regimen for treating actinic keratoses requires a long treatment time and is limited to a small area of skin., OBJECTIVE: We sought to evaluate imiquimod 2.5% and 3.75% for short-course treatment of the full face or balding scalp., METHODS: In two identical studies, adults with 5 to 20 lesions were randomized to placebo, imiquimod 2.5%, or imiquimod 3.75% (1:1:1). Up to two packets (250 mg each) were applied per dose once daily for two 2-week treatment cycles, with a 2-week, no-treatment interval between cycles. Efficacy was assessed at 8 weeks posttreatment., RESULTS: A total of 479 patients were randomized to placebo, or imiquimod 2.5% or 3.75%. Complete and partial clearance (> or =75% lesion reduction) rates were 6.3% and 22.6% for placebo, 30.6% and 48.1% for imiquimod 2.5%, and 35.6% and 59.4% for imiquimod 3.75%, respectively (P < .001 vs placebo, each; P = .047, 3.75% vs 2.5% for partial clearance). Median reductions from baseline in lesion counts were 25.0% for placebo, 71.8% for imiquimod 2.5%, and 81.8% for imiquimod 3.75% (P < .001, each active vs placebo; P = .048 3.75% vs 2.5%). There were few treatment-related discontinuations. Patient rest period rates were 0% for placebo, 6.9% for imiquimod 2.5%, and 10.6% for imiquimod 3.75%., LIMITATIONS: Local pharmacologic effects of imiquimod, including erythema, may have limited concealment of treatment assignment in some patients., CONCLUSIONS: Both imiquimod 2.5% and 3.75% creams were more effective than placebo and were well tolerated when administered daily as a 2-week on/off/on regimen to treat actinic keratoses. Copyright 2009 American Academy of Dermatology, Inc. Published by Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Imiquimod 2.5% and 3.75% for the treatment of actinic keratoses: results of two placebo-controlled studies of daily application to the face and balding scalp for two 3-week cycles.; BACKGROUND: Imiquimod 5% cream is approved as a 16-week regimen for the treatment of actinic keratoses involving a 25-cm(2) area of skin., OBJECTIVE: We sought to evaluate imiquimod 2.5% and 3.75% creams for short-course treatment of the entire face and scalp., METHODS: In two identical studies, adults with 5 to 20 lesions were randomized to placebo, or imiquimod 2.5% or 3.75% cream (1:1:1). Up to two packets (250 mg each) were applied per dose once daily for two 3-week treatment cycles, with a 3-week, no-treatment interval. Efficacy was assessed at 8 weeks posttreatment., RESULTS: In all, 490 subjects were randomized to placebo, or imiquimod 2.5% or 3.75% cream. Median baseline lesion counts for the treatment groups were 9 to 10. Complete and partial clearance rates were 5.5% and 12.8% for placebo, 25.0% and 42.7% for imiquimod 2.5%, and 34.0% and 53.7% for imiquimod 3.75% (P < .001, each imiquimod vs placebo; P = .034, 3.75% vs 2.5% for partial clearance). Median reductions from baseline in lesion count were 23.6%, 66.7%, and 80.0% for the placebo, imiquimod 2.5%, and imiquimod 3.75% groups, respectively (P < .001 each imiquimod vs placebo). There were few treatment-related discontinuations. Temporary treatment interruption (rest) rates were 0%, 17.1%, and 27.2% for the placebo, imiquimod 2.5%, and imiquimod 3.75%, respectively., LIMITATIONS: Local effects of imiquimod, including erythema, may have led to investigator and subject bias., CONCLUSIONS: Both imiquimod 2.5% and 3.75% creams were more effective than placebo and had an acceptable safety profile when administered daily as a 3-week on/off/on regimen. Copyright 2009 American Academy of Dermatology, Inc. Published by Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Human in vivo study of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system and the sympathetic activity after 8 weeks daily intake of fermented milk.; OBJECTIVE: Milk fermented by lactic acid bacteria is suggested to have antihypertensive effect in humans. In vitro and animal studies have established an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor effect of peptides in fermented milk. However, other modes of action must be considered, because until today no human studies have confirmed an ACE inhibition in relation to the intake of fermented milk., MATERIALS AND METHODS: We undertook a double-blinded randomized placebo-controlled study including 94 borderline-hypertensive persons to study the effect on human physiology of Lactobacillus helveticus fermented milk. The subjects were randomized into three groups: Cardi04-300 ml, Cardi04-150 ml or placebo. All components of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system were measured several times. Sympathetic activity was estimated by plasma noradrenaline and cardiovascular response to head-up tilt at baseline and after 8 weeks of intervention., RESULTS: No ACE inhibition of the fermented milk was demonstrated, as none of the components of the renin-angiotensin-aldosteron system changed. Plasma noradrenaline response to tilt test after intervention stayed unchanged between groups (P = 0.38), but declined in the group Cardi04-300 from 2.01 +/- 0.93 nmol l(-1) at baseline to 1.49 +/- 0.74 nmol l(-1) after 8 weeks (P = 0.002). There was no change in 24-h ambulatory blood pressure or heart rate between groups., CONCLUSIONS: Despite a known ACE inhibitory effect in vitro and in animals, milk fermented with Lb. helveticus did not inhibit ACE in humans. Our results suggest that the intake of fermented milk decreases sympathetic activity, although not to an extent mediating reductions of blood pressure and heart rate in borderline-hypertensive subjects.
A phase 2a study of topical perillyl alcohol cream for chemoprevention of skin cancer.; The chemopreventive and antitumor properties of perillyl alcohol (POH) that were studied preclinically indicate that topical POH inhibits both UVB-induced murine skin carcinogenesis (squamous cell tumor models) and 7,12-dimethylbenz(a)anthracene-induced murine melanoma (transgenic models involving tyrosinase-driven Ras). A previous phase 1 clinical trial in participants with normal-appearing skin showed that topical POH cream was well tolerated at a dose of 0.76% (w/w). Here, we performed a 3-month, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled phase 2a trial of two different doses of topical POH in individuals with sun-damaged skin. Participants applied POH cream twice daily to each dorsal forearm. Baseline and end-of-study biopsies were taken from each participant to evaluate whether the topical application of POH was effective in reversing actinic damage as evidenced by normalization of quantitative skin histopathologic scores and change in nuclear chromatin pattern as measured by karyometric analysis. There was a borderline reduction in the histopathologic score of the lower-dose POH group compared with the placebo (P = 0.1), but this was not observed in the high-dose group. However, in the high-dose group, a statistically significant reduction in the proportion of nuclei deviating from normal was observed by the use of karyometric analysis (P < 0.01). There was no statistical significance shown in the lower-dose group. No changes were observed in p53 expression, cellular proliferation (by proliferating cell nuclear antigen expression), or apoptosis in either treatment group compared with the placebo group. These results suggest that whereas our karyometric analyses can detect a modest effect of POH in sun-damaged skin, improved delivery into the epidermis may be necessary.
Factors influencing dietary protein sources in the PREMIER trial population.; Previous research suggests that protein intake, particularly plant protein, may benefit blood pressure control. However, very little has been published regarding protein sources in diets of US adults and factors influencing these choices. The purpose of this report is to describe specific sources of animal and plant proteins in diets of PREMIER clinical trial participants at baseline and how the PREMIER intervention, along with participant demographics, affected protein sources. Adult participants (n=809) who completed the 18-month PREMIER lifestyle intervention trial and had at least one diet recall at each of three study visits were included. Participants were recruited from four clinical centers in the Eastern, Southern, and Northeastern regions of United States. The PREMIER trial, conducted from 1999 to 2002, compared the impact on blood pressure of two structured behavioral interventions focusing on the traditional lifestyle modifications for blood pressure control with or without the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension dietary pattern. Protein sources were assessed by two unannounced 24-hour recalls at each of three study visits. Differences in protein sources were mainly related to participant demographics, with relatively moderate impact of the intervention. The top four protein sources for all the study participants were poultry, dairy, refined grains and beef, each contributing approximately 10% to 17% in descending order to the total protein intake at baseline. Animal and plant protein each comprised approximately 66% and 34%, respectively, to the total daily protein intake at baseline, and such overall contribution pattern remained relatively constant over time. However, sex, race, age, and body weight status all influenced contribution patterns from different food groups significantly. These influences significantly impact choice and are essential elements to consider when designing intervention programs to alter protein contributions from animal vs plant sources. Copyright 2010 American Dietetic Association. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The effects of probiotic and conventional yoghurt on lipid profile in women.; Many studies have been done on the hypocholesterolaemic effect of probiotic yoghurt. The results, however, are not conclusive. The aim of the present study was to test the effect of probiotic and conventional yoghurt on the lipid profile in women. In a randomised trial, ninety female volunteers aged 19-49 years were assigned to three groups. Subjects consumed daily 300 g probiotic yoghurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb12 or 300 g conventional yoghurt or no yoghurt for 6 weeks. Fasting blood samples, 3 d dietary records and anthropometric measurements were collected at baseline (T1), end of week 3 (T2) and end of week 6 (T3). Lipid profile parameters were determined by enzymic methods. Results showed no significant difference in lipid profile within any group throughout the study. Comparing mean differences (T1 - T3) among the three groups showed: no difference in TAG and LDL-cholesterol, a decrease in cholesterol in both conventional (P < 0.05) and probiotic yoghurt groups (P < 0.005) compared with the control group, a decrease in total:HDL-cholesterol ratio for conventional (P < 0.05) and probiotic yoghurt groups (P < 0.001) compared with the control group, and an increase in HDL-cholesterol in the probiotic yoghurt group (P < 0.05) compared with the control group. Positive changes in lipid profile were observed in both yoghurt groups. Any added effect, therefore, is due to the consumption of fermented milk products.
Total body bone mineral content and density during weight loss and maintenance on a low- or recommended-dairy weight-maintenance diet in obese men and women.; BACKGROUND: Diets high in either dairy or calcium during moderate weight reduction both prevent loss of bone mineral density (BMD) and suppress bone turnover. The purpose of this study was to determine whether recommended dairy and calcium intakes during weight maintenance favorably affect total body BMD (TBBMD) and bone mineral content (TBBMC) in obese adults., METHODS: Obese men (n=49) and women (n=64), aged 40.8+/-0.6 years, underwent 12 weeks of moderate energy restriction (approximately 1200 kcal/day) followed by 24 weeks on either a low or recommended dairy weight maintenance diet. The TBBMC and TBBMD values were measured using dual energy X-ray absorptiometry at baseline, 12, 24 and 36 weeks. Concentrations of calcium, intact parathyroid hormone (iPTH), 25OH and 1,25 (OH)(2) vitamin D in plasma were also measured. Data were analyzed using a two-factor repeated measures analysis of variance., RESULTS: After weight loss, women exhibited a small, but statistically significant, increase in TBBMC (1.17+/-0.57%), whereas TBBMD increased in the men (1.34+/-0.28%). The iPTH concentration decreased significantly in all subjects. Despite significantly greater intakes of calcium, vitamin D and protein compared with the recommended dairy diet, there were no treatment-related differences in outcome variables after 24 weeks of weight maintenance. The TBBMC remained unchanged in women during weight stabilization; both TBBMC and TBBMD decreased in men (-1.59+/-0.51% and -0.70+/-0.25%, respectively)., CONCLUSIONS: In summary, results of this study do not provide convincing evidence that moderate weight loss through energy restriction and mild exercise reduces TBBMC in obese men and women. Similarly, a weight-maintenance diet providing the recommended daily servings of dairy does not seem to affect changes in BMC after weight loss.
Inappropriate bottle use: an early risk for overweight? Literature review and pilot data for a bottle-weaning trial.; Identifying early risk factors for childhood obesity is critical, as weight in infancy and early childhood tracks to later periods. Continued bottle use - primarily from excess milk intake - is emerging as a potential risk factor for early childhood overweight. Over three fourths of US infants drink from bottles beyond the recommended weaning age of 12 months, and two thirds of UK infants use a bottle at 18 months. This paper is divided into three parts. Part 1 reviews the literature on beverage intake, weight and bottle use in young children. Part II describes pilot data on milk bottle use and weight in 12-60-month-olds, collected prior to a randomized controlled (RCT) trial of a bottle-weaning intervention. Median daily milk bottle consumption at 12 months was 5.0 (interquartile range = 3-6). Among 12-36-month-olds, current users were significantly more likely to be >95th% weight-for-height (19% vs. 0%, P < 0.02), and more were >85% weight-for-height (27% vs. 11%, P < 0.11), vs. non-users. In contrast, current bottle use was not associated with either overweight or obesity in 37-60-month-olds. Part III describes the RCT, begun in fall 2008. It is enrolling 464 parent/12-month-old dyads from a nutrition assistance programme for low-income families. Children's bottle use, anthropometrics, dietary intake and nutrient density (via 24 h recall) are assessed quarterly through 24 months of age. For the intervention, site nutritionists employ a project-developed, visually attractive flip chart. An observational study nested within the RCT will describe dietary changes during this period of feeding transitions.
Breastfeeding in HIV-positive women: What can be recommended?.; Breastfeeding remains a common practice in parts of the world where the burden of HIV is highest and the fewest alternative feeding options exist. The impossible dilemma faced by HIV-positive mothers is whether to breastfeed their infants in keeping with cultural norms but in doing so risk transmitting the virus through breast milk, or to pursue formula feeding, which comes with its own set of risks, including a higher rate of infant mortality from diarrheal illnesses, while reducing transmission of HIV. Treatment of mothers and/or their infants with antiretroviral drugs is a strategy that has been employed for several decades to reduce HIV transmission through pregnancy and delivery, but the effect of these agents when taken during breastfeeding is a newer field of study. In this article we evaluate the latest clinical research, from trials that encourage exclusive breastfeeding to trials of antiretroviral therapy (ART) for either the mother or infant, in an attempt to prevent transmission of HIV through breast milk. Additionally, we discuss research that is in progress, with results anticipated in the next few years that will further shape clinical guidelines and practice. Exclusive breastfeeding is much safer than mixed feeding (the supplementation of breastfeeding with other foods), and should be encouraged even in settings where ART for either the mother or infant is not readily available. The research published regarding maternal treatment with highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) during pregnancy and the breastfeeding period has all been non-randomized with relatively little statistical power, but suggests maternal HAART can drastically reduce the risk of transmission of HIV. Infant prophylaxis has been intensively studied in several trials and has been shown to be as effective as maternal treatment with antiretrovirals, reducing the transmission rate after 6 weeks to as low as 1.2%. Research that is in progress will provide us with more answers about the relative contribution of maternal treatment and infant prophylaxis in preventing transmission, and the results of such research may be expected as early as this year through 2013. There is hope that perinatal HIV transmission may be greatly reduced in breastfeeding populations worldwide through a combination of behavioral interventions that encourage exclusive breastfeeding and pharmacologic interventions with antiretrovirals for mothers and/or their infants.
Body composition and strength changes in women with milk and resistance exercise.; PURPOSE: We aimed to determine whether women consuming fat-free milk versus isoenergetic carbohydrate after resistance exercise would see augmented gains in lean mass and reductions in fat mass similar to what we observed in young men., METHODS: Young women were randomized to drink either fat-free milk (MILK: n = 10; age (mean +/- SD) = 23.2 +/- 2.8 yr; BMI = 26.2 +/- 4.2 kg x m(-2)) or isoenergetic carbohydrate (CON: n = 10; age = 22.4 +/- 2.4 yr; BMI = 25.2 +/- 3.8 kg x m(-2)) immediately after and 1 h after exercise (2 x 500 mL). Subjects exercised 5 d x wk(-1) for 12 wk. Body composition changes were measured by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, and subjects' strength and fasting blood were measured before and after training., RESULTS: CON gained weight after training (CON: +0.86 +/- 0.4 kg, P < 0.05; MILK: +0.50 +/- 0.4 kg, P = 0.29). Lean mass increased with training in both groups (P < 0.01), with a greater net gain in MILK versus CON (1.9 +/- 0.2 vs 1.1 +/- 0.2 kg, respectively, P < 0.01). Fat mass decreased with training in MILK only (-1.6 +/- 0.4 kg, P < 0.01; CON: -0.3 +/- 0.3 kg, P = 0.41). Isotonic strength increased more in MILK than CON (P < 0.05) for some exercises. Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D increased in both groups but to a greater extent in MILK than CON (+6.5 +/- 1.1 vs +2.8 +/- 1.3 nM, respectively, P < 0.05), and parathyroid hormone decreased only in MILK (-1.2 +/- 0.2 pM, P < 0.01)., CONCLUSIONS: Heavy, whole-body resistance exercise with the consumption of milk versus carbohydrate in the early postexercise period resulted in greater muscle mass accretion, strength gains, fat mass loss, and a possible reduction in bone turnover in women after 12 wk. Our results, similar to those in men, highlight that milk is an effective drink to support favorable body composition changes in women with resistance training.
Changes in food habits and motivation for healthy eating among Pakistani women living in Norway: results from the InnvaDiab-DEPLAN study.; OBJECTIVE: Pakistani women in Oslo have high risk of overweight and type 2 diabetes. The objective is to present the effect of an intervention study on Pakistani women's intentions to change dietary behaviour and changes made in dietary intake., DESIGN: The intervention group received culturally adapted lifestyle education, including diet and physical activity. The questionnaire, applied before and after the 7-month intervention, included FFQ and questions on intentions to change., SETTING: Oslo, Norway., SUBJECTS: A total of 198 Pakistani women, aged 25-63 years, randomised into control and intervention groups., RESULTS: There was a shift in distribution of intentions to change the intake of selected foods in the intervention group after the intervention, resulting in significant differences between the groups. The daily intake of vegetables, fruits and fruit juice had increased (P = 0.043), and the intake of red meats (P = 0.001), full fat milk/yoghurt (P = 0.027) and sugar-rich drinks (P <or= 0.007) was reduced in the intervention group. The differences between intervention and control after the intervention were significant for sugar-rich drinks (P <or= 0.022). More women in the intervention group used olive and rapeseed oil and fewer used 'vegetable' oil after than before intervention (P < 0.011). Differences between intervention and control were significant (P = 0.001) for rapeseed oil. Comparing those who attended at least 60 % of the group sessions with the control group resulted in minor changes in these estimates., CONCLUSIONS: Culturally adapted education has the potential to change Norwegian-Pakistani women;s intentions to make their diet healthier, and also to induce some beneficial, however modest, self-reported changes in diet.
Effects of magnesium on postprandial serum lipid responses in healthy human subjects.; Postprandial hyperlipidaemia has been recognised to be a risk factor for atherosclerosis development. Epidemiological and animal studies have shown that Mg intake is inversely associated with some risk factors of atherosclerosis, including lipid metabolism. The present study was performed to determine the effects of Mg supplementation on postprandial responses in serum lipid levels. We used bittern (Nigari, in Japanese), a natural MgCl(2) solution from sea or salt lake water, for Mg supplementation. In a two-way, randomised, crossover study, sixteen healthy male volunteers consumed 30 g butter with or without 5 ml bittern containing 500 mg of Mg. Fasting and postprandial blood samples were taken 2, 3, 4 and 6 h after ingestion. Postprandial lipid responses were evaluated by serum TAG, chylomicron TAG, apo-B48, remnant-like particle cholesterol (RLP-C) and NEFA concentrations. We found that the serum and the chylomicron TAG responses after the fat load were reduced and delayed by Mg supplementation. The concentrations of apo-B48 (P < 0.05), RLP-C (P < 0.05) and NEFA (P < 0.05) were significantly lower at 2 h after the fat-with-Mg meal compared with the fat-only meal. The present study indicated that Mg supplementation could inhibit fat absorption and improve postprandial hyperlipidaemia in healthy subjects.
A mild favorable effect of soy protein with isoflavones on body composition--a 6-month double-blind randomized placebo-controlled trial among Chinese postmenopausal women.; BACKGROUND: In vitro and animal studies suggested that soy protein and isoflavones promote weight and body fat loss. However, clinical trials in humans were few and the effects remained uncertain., OBJECTIVES: To examine whether soy protein with isoflavones and isoflavone extracts exert beneficial effects on body composition among postmenopausal women., DESIGN: A double-blind randomized placebo-controlled trial was conducted among 180 postmenopausal Chinese women with mild hyperglycemia. After a 2-week adaptation, participants were randomly assigned to one of the three arms to receive 15 g soy protein and 100 mg isoflavones (Soy group), or 15 g milk protein and 100 mg isoflavones (Iso group), or 15 g milk protein (placebo group) on a daily basis for 6 months., RESULTS: We observed a mild but significant favorable effect of soy protein with isoflavones on the changes of body weight (BW), body mass index, and body fat percentage relative to isoflavone extracts and milk protein after 6-month supplementation. The mean differences of BW between the Soy and the Iso groups were -0.75 kg (95% CI: -1.363 to -0.136, P=0.017), and between the Soy and the placebo groups were -0.60 kg (95% CI: -1.209 to -0.019, P=0.047). The mean difference of change percentage in body fat percentage between the Soy and the Iso groups was -3.74% (95% CI: -6.88 to -0.60%, P=0.02), and between the Soy and the placebo groups was -2.54% (95% CI: -5.69 to 0.12%. P=0.08)., CONCLUSIONS: Six-month supplementation of soy protein with isoflavones had a mild favorable effect on body composition in postmenopausal women.
The chronic effects of whey proteins on blood pressure, vascular function, and inflammatory markers in overweight individuals.; Limited evidence suggests that dairy whey protein may be the major dairy component that is responsible for health benefits currently associated with increased dairy consumption. Whey proteins may reduce blood pressure and improve cardiovascular health. This study evaluated the effects of whey protein supplementation on blood pressure, vascular function and inflammatory markers compared to casein and glucose (control) supplementation in overweight/obese individuals. The subjects were randomized to either whey protein, casein or glucose supplementation for 12 weeks according to a parallel design. In all, 70 men and women with a mean (+/-s.e.m.) BMI (kg/m(2)) of 31.3 +/- 0.8 completed the study. Systolic blood pressure (SBP) decreased significantly at week 6 compared to baseline in the whey and casein groups, (P = 0.028 and P = 0.020, respectively) and at week 12 (P = 0.020, and P = 0.017, respectively). Diastolic blood pressure (DBP) decreased significantly compared to baseline in the whey and casein groups (P = 0.038 and P = 0.042, respectively) at week 12. DBP decreased significantly in the whey and casein groups (P = 0.025, P = 0.038, respectively) at week 12 compared to the control group. Augmentation index (AI) was significantly lower from baseline at 12 weeks (P = 0.021) in the whey group. AI decreased significantly in the whey group at 12 weeks compared to control (P = 0.006) and casein (P = 0.006). There were no significant changes in inflammatory markers within or between groups. This study demonstrated that supplementation with whey protein improves blood pressure and vascular function in overweight and obese individuals.
Chapter 29: historical aspects of the major neurological vitamin deficiency disorders: overview and fat-soluble vitamin A.; The vitamine doctrine: Although diseases resulting from vitamin deficiencies have been known for millennia, such disorders were generally attributed to toxic or infectious causes until the "vitamin doctrine" was developed in the early 20th century. In the late-19th century, a physiologically complete diet was believed to require only sufficient proteins, carbohydrates, fats, inorganic salts, and water. From 1880-1912, Lunin, Pekelharing, and Hopkins found that animals fed purified mixtures of known food components failed to grow or even lost weight and died, unless the diet was supplemented with small amounts of milk, suggesting that "accessory food factors" are required in trace amounts for normal growth. By this time, Funk suggested that deficiencies of trace dietary factors, which he labeled "vitamines" on the mistaken notion that they were "vital amines," were responsible for such diseases as beriberi, scurvy, rickets, and pellagra. Vitamin A deficiency eye disease: Night blindness was recognized by the ancient Egyptians and Greeks, and many authorities from Galen onward advocated liver as a curative. Outbreaks of night blindness were linked to nutritional causes in the 18th and 19th centuries by von Bergen, Schwarz, and others. Corneal ulceration was reported in 1817 by Magendie among vitamin A-deficient dogs fed for several weeks on a diet limited to sugar and water, although he erroneously attributed this to a deficiency of dietary nitrogen (i.e. protein). Subsequently, corneal epithelial defects, often in association with night blindness, were recognized in malnourished individuals subsisting on diets now recognizable as deficient in vitamin A by Budd, Livingstone, von Hubbenet, Bitot, Mori, Ishihari, and others. During World War I, Bloch conducted a controlled clinical trial of different diets among malnourished Danish children with night blindness and keratomalacia and concluded that whole milk, butter, and cod-liver oil contain a fat-soluble substance that protects against xerophthalmia. Early retinal photochemistry: In the 1870s, Boll found that light causes bleaching of the retinal pigment, and suggested that the outer segments of the rods contain a substance that conveys an impression of light to the brain by a photochemical process. Shortly thereafter, Kuhne demonstrated that the bleaching process depends upon light, and was reversible if the retinal pigment epithelium was intact. Kuhne proposed an "optochemical hypothesis," a prescient concept of photochemical transduction, attributing vision to a photochemical change in visual purple (rhodopsin) with resulting chemical products stimulating the visual cells and thereby conveying a visual image. Vitamin A: In 1913, Ishihara proposed that a "fatty substance" in blood is necessary for synthesis of both rhodopsin and the surface layer of the cornea, and that night blindness and keratomalacia develop when this substance is deficient. That year McCollum and Davis (and almost simultaneously Mendel and Osborne) discovered a fat-soluble accessory food factor (later called "fat-soluble A") distinct from the water-soluble anti-beriberi factor (later called "fat-soluble B"). By 1922 McCollum and colleagues distinguished two vitamins within the fat-soluble fraction, later named vitamins A and D. In 1925 Fridericia and Holm directly linked vitamin A to night blindness in animal experiments using rats, and in 1929 Holm demonstrated the presence of vitamin A in retinal tissue. In the 1930s, Moore, Karrer, Wald, and others established the provitamin role of beta-carotene. Karrer and colleagues isolated beta-carotene (the main dietary precursor of vitamin A) and retinol (vitamin A), and determined their chemical structures. In 1947, Isler and colleagues completed the full chemical synthesis of vitamin A. Modern retinal photochemistry: Beginning in the 1930s, Wald and colleagues greatly elaborated the photochemistry of vision, with the discovery of the visual cycle of vitamin A, demonstration that rhodopsin is decomposed by light into retinal (the aldehyde form of vitamin A) and a protein (opsin), elaboration of the enzymatic conversions of various elements in the rhodopsin system, and discovery that the rhodopsin system is dependent on a photoisomerization of retinal. In 1942, Hecht and colleagues demonstrated that a single photon could trigger excitation in a rod. In 1965, Wald suggested that a large chemical amplification was necessary for this degree of light sensitivity, likely by a cascade of enzymatic reactions. Later studies elaborated this cascade and found that an intermediary in the photoisomerization of retinal interacts with transducin, a G-protein, to activate phosphodiesterases that control cyclic GMP levels, which in turn modulate the release of neurotransmitter from the rod cell. Public health: Although the availability of vitamin A through food fortification and medicinal supplements virtually eliminated ocular vitamin A deficiency from developed countries by the second half of the 20th century, vitamin A deficiency remains a serious problem in developing countries as indicated by global surveys beginning in the 1960s. Millions of children were shown to be vitamin A deficient, with resultant blindness, increased susceptibility to infection, and increased childhood mortality. Beginning in the 1960s, intervention trials showed that vitamin A deficiency disorders could be prevented in developing countries with periodic vitamin A dosing, and in the 1980s and 1990s, large randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trials demonstrated the marked efficacy of vitamin A supplementation in reducing childhood mortality.
Effects of dairy compared with soy on oxidative and inflammatory stress in overweight and obese subjects.; BACKGROUND: We recently showed that calcitriol increases oxidative and inflammatory stress; moreover, inhibition of calcitriol with high-calcium diets decreased both adipose tissue and systemic oxidative and inflammatory stress in obese mice, whereas dairy exerted a greater effect. However, these findings may be confounded by concomitant changes in adiposity., OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to evaluate the acute effects of a dairy-rich diet on oxidative and inflammatory stress in overweight and obese subjects in the absence of adiposity changes., DESIGN: Twenty subjects (10 obese, 10 overweight) participated in a blinded, randomized, crossover study of dairy- compared with soy-supplemented eucaloric diets. Two 28-d dietary periods were separated by a 28-d washout period. Inflammatory and oxidative stress biomarkers were measured on days 0, 7, and 28 of each dietary period., RESULTS: The dairy-supplemented diet resulted in significant suppression of oxidative stress (plasma malondialdehyde, 22%; 8-isoprostane-F(2alpha), 12%; P < 0.0005) and lower inflammatory markers (tumor necrosis factor-alpha, 15%, P < 0.002; interleukin-6, 13%, P < 0.01; monocyte chemoattractant protein-1, 10%, P < 0.0006) and increased adiponectin (20%, P < 0.002), whereas the soy exerted no significant effect. These effects were evident by day 7 of treatment and increased in magnitude at the end of the 28-d treatment periods. There were no significant differences in response to treatment between overweight and obese subjects for any variable studied., CONCLUSION: An increase in dairy food intake produces significant and substantial suppression of the oxidative and inflammatory stress associated with overweight and obesity. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00686426.
Evaluation of cardiovascular risk and oxidative stress parameters in hypercholesterolemic subjects on a standard healthy diet including low-fat milk enriched with plant sterols.; A healthy diet and plant sterols (PS) are recommended for reducing low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and, subsequently, the risk of premature cardiovascular disease. PS mediate a decrease in fat-soluble vitamin concentration, which can lead to a general impairment of antioxidative defenses and an increase in oxidative stress. Thus, we evaluated the effects of a healthy diet, including PS-enriched low-fat milk, on cardiovascular risk and oxidative stress parameters in hypercholesterolemic subjects. This was a randomized parallel trial employing 40 subjects and consisting of two 3-month intervention phases. After 3 months on a standard healthy diet, subjects were divided into two intervention groups: a diet group and a diet+PS group (2 g/day). Lipid profile, apolipoproteins, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein and oxidative stress parameters were analyzed. Diet significantly reduced total and LDL cholesterol (4.0% and 4.7%, respectively), produced an increase in the level of beta-carotene (23%) and improved the antioxidant capacity of LDL cholesterol particles (4.6%). PS induced a significant decrease in total cholesterol (6.4%), LDL (9.9%) and the apolipoprotein B100/apolipoprotein A1 ratio (4.9%), but led to a decrease in cryptoxanthin level (29%) without any change being observed in the antioxidant capacity of LDL cholesterol particles, total antioxidant status or lipid peroxidation. After 3 months, we observed the positive effect of including a PS supplement in dietary measures, as the lipoprotein-mediated risk of cardiovascular disease was reduced. Despite a decrease in the concentration of cryptoxanthin, no evidence of a global impairment of antioxidative defenses or an enhancement of oxidative stress parameters was found. Copyright 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Lactopeptides and human blood pressure.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Since the mid-1990s, a number of randomized controlled trials have been published that showed an antihypertensive effect of peptides derived from milk. Research has mainly focused on isoleucine-proline-proline and valine-proline-proline (IPP + VPP), two lactotripeptides that can inhibit the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) in vitro. In Finnish and Japanese subjects with (mild) hypertension, systolic blood pressure (SBP) reductions of approximately 5 mmHg were reported during 4-12 weeks of IPP + VPP supplementation. This review was performed to summarize new data from human intervention studies., RECENT FINDINGS: The effect of lactotripeptides on blood pressure has recently been examined in six double-blind, placebo-controlled trials that involved a total of 780 subjects with high-normal blood pressure or untreated hypertension from the UK and The Netherlands. Intervention periods lasted 4-8 weeks, and IPP + VPP intake ranged from 2 to 10 mg/day. Contrary to earlier trials, there was little evidence for an antihypertensive effect of IPP + VPP. Furthermore, no ACE inhibition was observed in vivo., SUMMARY: Recent data do not support a role for lactotripeptides in blood pressure regulation. However, we cannot exclude a beneficial effect in hypertensive subjects from specific populations (e.g. Finland, Japan). Should this be confirmed, more research is needed on mechanisms other than the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system that could be involved.
Optimal growth and lower fat mass in preterm infants fed a protein-enriched postdischarge formula.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Postdischarge formulas with extra energy and protein improve short-term growth but may also influence long-term body composition in an unwanted manner. Energy- and protein-enriched formulas with an increased protein-to-energy ratio improves gain of lean mass. The objective of the study was to investigate whether feeding a nutrient-enriched formula without extra energy after term, usually 3 to 4 weeks after discharge, would influence growth and body composition in infancy., METHODS: In this randomized controlled trial preterm infants were fed fortified human milk or preterm formula until term. At term, 102 infants were randomized to a nutrient-enriched formula without extra energy or standard formula until 6 months corrected age. Twenty-six infants received unfortified human milk after term. At term and 6 months corrected age, anthropometry and a dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry (DEXA) scan were performed. Lean and fat mass (FM) were corrected for height., RESULTS: There were no differences in growth or body size between the feeding groups. Infants fed the enriched formula gained less FM and had lower FM corrected for body size at 6 months corrected age than infants fed standard formula. Infants fed human milk had lower lean mass and higher FM corrected for body size at 6 months corrected age than formula-fed infants., CONCLUSIONS: Feeding nutrient-enriched formula without extra energy after term does not change quantity of growth but does influence type of weight gain and body composition of preterm infants. Infants fed the nutrient-enriched formula had lower FM corrected for body size at 6 months corrected age than infants fed standard formula or human milk.
Comparison of the effects of a liquid yogurt and chocolate bars on satiety: a multidimensional approach.; In the context of epidemic obesity, satiety is an important target for nutritional interventions. Using a multidimensional approach, we compared the effect on satiety of two food products frequently consumed in France by young adults as a small mid-afternoon meal called the 'gouter'. Participants were eighteen healthy young males (aged 20.8 (sd 1.8) years) of normal body weight (BMI 21.7 (sd 1.7) kg/m2) used to eating four times per d including a 'gouter'. On two occasions, under laboratory conditions, the time-blinded participants consumed a fixed energy lunch (2.8 MJ) and, 240 min later, either a liquid yogurt or chocolate bars matched for energy (1.2 MJ) and weight (366 g). Then, satiety was assessed by: (1) ratings of hunger, appetite, desire to eat and fullness at 20 min intervals (perception), (2) the delay until the subject requested his dinner meal (duration) and (3) energy intake at this meal (consumption). Results showed that satiety was perceived higher after liquid yogurt than chocolate bars over the 60 min preceding the next meal, as evidenced by hunger (P < 0.005), appetite, (P < 0.005), desire to eat (P < 0.04) and fullness (P < 0.05) ratings. However, its duration was similar between liquid yogurt and chocolate bars (165 (se 8) and 174 (se 7) min respectively) and this difference was not followed by reduced intake at dinner. In conclusion, this approach of satiety revealed that a liquid yogurt induced a lower subjective motivation to eat than chocolate bars during the hour preceding the spontaneous onset of a meal, without affecting subsequent food intake.
Effect of dairy and non-dairy calcium on fecal fat excretion in lactose digester and maldigester obese adults.; BACKGROUND: The effect of dietary calcium (Ca) on fecal fat excretion in lactose maldigestion is not known., OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of dairy and non-dairy dietary Ca on fecal fat excretion in lactose digesters and maldigesters during moderate energy restriction., DESIGN: A randomized cross-over trial comparing the effect of 500 mg versus 1500 mg dairy and non-dairy Ca on fecal fat excretion in 34 healthy adults during moderate (-30%) energy restriction induced weight loss for 12 weeks. The participants were classified as lactose digester or maldigester on the basis of breath hydrogen test., MEASUREMENTS: Anthropometric parameters and body composition, resting energy expenditure, energy and nutrient intake, fecal fat, physical activity, blood pressure, blood and urine sampling for pertinent measurements., RESULTS: Fecal fat loss expressed as percent of fat intake was significantly higher with 1500 mg (high Ca) as compared with 500 mg (low Ca) Ca intake per day (mean: 3.0%; 95% CI: 2.3 to 3.7%; P<0.001) independent of Ca source and lactose digestion status., CONCLUSIONS: During a moderate energy restriction induced weight loss, a high-Ca diet causes an increase in fecal fat excretion independent of Ca source. Ca intake related fecal fat loss is also independent of the ability to digest lactose and it is not diminished over time (US Clinical Trial Registration: Clinicaltrials.gov NCT00808275).
A cinematic magnetic resonance imaging study of milk of magnesia laxative and an antiflatulent diet to reduce intrafraction prostate motion.; PURPOSE: To determine the reduction of prostate motion during a typical radiotherapy (RT) fraction from a bowel regimen comprising an antiflatulent diet and daily milk of magnesia., METHODS AND MATERIALS: Forty-two patients with T1c-T2c prostate cancer voided the bladder and rectum before three cinematic magnetic resonance imaging scans obtained every 9 s for 9 min in a vacuum immobilization device. The MRIs were at baseline without bowel regimen (MRI-BL), before CT planning with bowel regimen (MRI-CT), and before a randomly assigned RT fraction (1-42) with bowel regimen (MRI-RT). A single observer tracked displacement of the posterior midpoint (PM) of the prostate. The primary endpoints were comparisons of the proportion of time that the PM was displaced >3 mm (PTPM3) from its initial position, and the secondary endpoints were comparisons of the reduction of initial rectal area, with and without the bowel regimen., RESULTS: The mean rectal area was: 13.5 cm(2) at MRI-BL, 12.7 cm(2) at MRI-CT, and 12.3 cm(2) at MRI-RT (MRI-BL vs. MRI-CT, p = 0.11; MRI-BL vs. MRI-CT, p = 0.07). Moving rectal gas alone (56%) and moving gas and stool (18%) caused 74% of intrafraction prostate motion. The PTPM3 was 11.3% at MRI-BL, 4.8% at MRI-CT, and 12.0% at MRI-RT (MRI-BL vs. MRI-CT, p = 0.12; MRI-BL vs. MRI-RT, p = 0.89)., CONCLUSION: For subjects voiding their rectum before imaging, an antiflatulent diet and milk of magnesia laxative did not significantly reduce initial rectal area or intrafraction prostate motion. Copyright 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Breast-milk levels of polybrominated diphenyl ether flame retardants in relation to women's age and pre-pregnant body mass index.; The aim of the present study was to determine associations between the occurrence of PBDEs in breast milk of women and their demographic parameters. Participants were randomly recruited from the general population in southern Taiwan. Thirty two breast milk samples were collected and subsequently 30 congeners of PBDEs were analyzed using a high resolution gas chromatograph with a high resolution mass spectrometer. The mean and median of SigmaPBDEs were 3.54 and 3.31 ng/g lipid, respectively. SigmaPBDE levels in breast milk were not significantly correlated with age and pre-pregnant BMI of Taiwanese mothers. We did find, however, that the higher hexaBDE level was significantly related to older age (>29 years). Higher levels of SigmaPBDEs and higher brominated PBDEs, such as nonaBDEs and decaBDE, had slightly but not significantly negative correlations with lower pre-pregnant BMI (< or =21 kg/m(2)). There were no significant differences in PBDE levels among parity and ethnic groups. SigmaPBDE levels in Taiwanese breast milk were lower than those reported from the United States or Canada. SigmaPBDE levels of the present study (2007-2008) are significantly lower than those found in our previous report (2000-2001). Although our results were limited by the sampling size, preliminary results suggest the exploratory relations to show positive associations of PBDE homologues (e.g. triBDEs and hexaBDEs) with maternal age. PBDEs pattern of breast milk may have changed after pentaBDEs were stopped to use in Taiwan. Copyright 2009 Elsevier GmbH. All rights reserved.
Plant sterols from rapeseed and tall oils: effects on lipids, fat-soluble vitamins and plant sterol concentrations.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Data comparing the impact of different sources of plant sterols on CVD risk factors and antioxidant levels is scarce. We evaluated the effects of plant sterols from rapeseed and tall oils on serum lipids, lipoproteins, fat-soluble vitamins and plant sterol concentrations., METHODS AND RESULTS: This was a double-blinded, randomized, crossover trial in which 59 hypercholesterolemic subjects consumed 25 g/day of margarine for 4 weeks separated by 1 week washout periods. The two experimental margarines provided 2g/day of plant sterols from rapeseed or tall oil. The control margarine had no added plant sterols. The control margarine reduced LDL cholesterol by 4.5% (95% CI 1.4, 7.6%). The tall and rapeseed sterol margarines additionally reduced LDL cholesterol by 9.0% (95% CI 5.5, 12.4%) and 8.2% (95% CI 5.2, 11.4%) and apolipoprotein B by 5.3% (95% CI 1.0, 9.6%) and 6.9% (95% CI 3.6, 10.2%), respectively. Lipid-adjusted beta-carotene concentrations were reduced by both sterol margarines (P<0.017). alpha-Tocopherol concentrations were reduced by the tall sterol compared to the rapeseed sterol margarine (P=0.001). Campesterol concentrations increased more markedly with the rapeseed sterol versus tall sterol margarine (P<0.001). The rapeseed sterol margarine increased while the tall sterol margarine decreased brassicasterol concentrations (P<0.001)., CONCLUSIONS: Plant sterols from tall and rapeseed oils reduce atherogenic lipids and lipoproteins similarly. The rapeseed sterol margarine may have more favorable effects on serum alpha-tocopherol concentrations. Copyright 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Consumption of a fermented dairy product containing the probiotic Lactobacillus casei DN-114001 reduces the duration of respiratory infections in the elderly in a randomised controlled trial.; Common infectious diseases (CID) of the airways and the gastrointestinal tract are still a considerable cause of morbidity and mortality in elderly. The present study examined the beneficial effect of a dairy product containing the probiotic strain Lactobacillus casei DN-114 001 (fermented product) on the resistance of free-living elderly to CID. The study was multicentric, double blind and controlled, involving 1072 volunteers (median age = 76.0 years) randomised for consumption of either 200 g/d of fermented (n 537) or control (non-fermented) dairy product (n 535) for 3 months, followed by an additional 1 month's follow-up. The results showed that, when considering all CID, the fermented product significantly reduced the average duration per episode of CID (6.5 v. 8 d in control group; P = 0.008) and the cumulative duration of CID (7 v. 8 d in control group; P = 0.009). Reduction in both episode and cumulative durations was also significant for all upper respiratory tract infections (URTI; P < 0.001) and for rhinopharyngitis (P < 0.001). This was accompanied with an increase of L. casei species in stools throughout the fermented product consumption (2-3.8 x 107 equivalents of colony-forming unit/g of stools, P < 0.001). The cumulative number of CID (primary outcome) was not different between groups nor was the CID severity, fever, pathogens' occurrence, medication, immune blood parameters and quality of life. The fermented product was safe and well tolerated. In conclusion, consumption of a fermented dairy product containing the probiotic strain L. casei DN-114 001 in elderly was associated with a decreased duration of CID in comparison with the control group, especially for URTI such as rhinopharyngitis.
Soya protein does not affect glycaemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes.; Evidence from observational, animal and human studies supports a role for soya protein and its isoflavones in the improvement of glycaemic control in type 2 diabetes. The objective of the present study was to determine the effect of isoflavone-rich soya protein on markers of glycaemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes. Using a randomised, crossover, double-blind, placebo-controlled design, adults with diet-controlled type 2 diabetes (n 29) consumed soya protein isolate (SPI) and milk protein isolate (MPI) for 57 d each separated by a 4-week washout. Blood was collected on days 1 and 57 of each treatment period for analysis of fasting HbA1C, and fasting and postprandial glucose, insulin and calculated indices of insulin sensitivity and resistance. Urine samples of 24 h were collected at the end of each treatment period for analysis of isoflavones. Urinary isoflavone excretion was significantly greater following consumption of SPI compared with MPI, and 20.7 % of the subjects (n 6) were classified as equol excretors. SPI consumption did not significantly affect fasting or postprandial glucose or insulin, fasting HbA1C, or indices of insulin sensitivity and resistance. These data do not support a role for soya protein in the improvement of glycaemic control in adults with diet-controlled type 2 diabetes and contribute to a limited literature of human studies on the effects of soya protein on the management of type 2 diabetes.
Improvement of constipation and liver function by plant-derived lactic acid bacteria: a double-blind, randomized trial.; OBJECTIVE: Lactic acid bacteria (LAB) contribute to human health; however, the probiotic properties vary among strains classified into the same species. The primary objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of yogurts made by different types of LAB on the gastrointestinal system. The yogurts were also evaluated by measuring serum lipid contents and liver functional indicators as a secondary objective., METHODS: Healthy human adults (n = 68) with some complaints with regard to intestinal health, including constipation and diarrhea, were randomly assigned to receive one of three types of yogurt in a double-blind manner: type A, a yogurt made by plant-derived LAB (mainly Lactobacillus [Lb.] plantarum SN35N); type B, a yogurt made by plant-derived LAB (mainly Lb. plantarum SN13T); and type C, a yogurt made by animal-derived LAB (mainly Lactococcus lactis A6 and Streptococcus thermophilus 510) as a control. The subjects consumed 100 g of yogurt daily for 6 wk. Data were collected from clinical visits at 2-wk intervals and by diaries used to record defecation and health conditions., RESULTS: Drastic and constant increments of defecation frequency in subjects with constipation were observed with type A and B yogurts but not with type C yogurt. Type B and C yogurts resulted in decreases in total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. The serum concentrations of liver functional parameters were improved by the type B yogurt (12-25% reduction)., CONCLUSION: The present study suggests that Lb. plantarum SN13T exhibits a superior probiotic effect on constipation in addition to improving the serum lipid contents and liver function. Copyright 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of a dairy product (pecorino cheese) naturally rich in cis-9, trans-11 conjugated linoleic acid on lipid, inflammatory and haemorheological variables: a dietary intervention study.; BACKGROUND AND AIM: Some studies recently reported a favourable effect for cis-9, trans-11 conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) on plasma lipoprotein profile of healthy subjects. Aim of this crossover intervention study was to evaluate the influence of a short-term dietary intake of a cheese derived from sheep's milk naturally rich in CLA on several atherosclerotic biomarkers, in comparison with a commercially available cheese., METHODS AND RESULTS: Ten subjects (6 F; 4 M) with a median age of 51.5 followed for 10 weeks a diet containing 200 g/week of cheese naturally rich in CLA (intervention period) and for the same period a diet containing a commercially available cheese of the same quantity (placebo period). Consumption of the dairy product naturally rich in cis-9, trans-11 CLA determined a significant (p<0.05) reduction in inflammatory parameters such as interleukin-6 (pre: 8.08+/-1.57 vs. post: 4.58+/-0.94 pg/mL), interleukin-8 (pre: 45.02+/-5.82 vs. post: 28.59+/-2.64 pg/mL), and tumour necrosis factor-alpha (pre: 53.58+/-25.67 vs. post: 32.09+/-17.42 pg/mL) whereas no significant differences in the placebo period were observed. With regard to haemorheological parameters, the test period significantly ameliorated erythrocytes' filtration rate (pre: 7.61+/-0.71% vs. post: 9.12+/-0.97%; p=0.03) with respect to the placebo period. Moreover, a reduction in the extent of platelet aggregation, induced by arachidonic acid [pre: 87.8+/-1.76% vs. post: 77.7+/-3.56%; p=0.04] was observed during the test period in comparison with the placebo period., CONCLUSIONS: Dietary short-term intake of the tested dairy product naturally rich in cis-9, trans-11 CLA appeared to cause favourable biochemical changes of atherosclerotic markers. Copyright 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Thyroid fine needle aspiration biopsy: is topical local anaesthesia beneficial?.; OBJECTIVE: Thyroid fine needle aspiration biopsy (TFNAB) is the gold standard in the differential diagnosis of the thyroid nodules. In general, no analgesia is needed before this procedure. However, it is usually believed that the patients may be more comfortable if the procedure is performed under local anaesthetics. In this study, we examined the impact of the use of dermal anaesthetic on the patient's level of discomfort during palpation-guided TFNAB., METHODS: Fifty female patients with nodular goitre were enrolled in this study. Patients were randomised into two groups: a placebo cream was applied to group 1 patients (25 females; mean age 47.45 +/- 11.61 years), and local anaesthesia (EMLA 5% cream) was applied to group 2 patients (25 females; mean age 50.89 +/- 12.01 years) approximately 1 h before TFNAB. All patients were asked to mark the pain they felt during the TFNAB on Visual Analogue Scale., RESULTS: The pain scores during TFNAB were 27.73 +/- 20.01 mm and 24.79 +/- 21.98 mm in the placebo group and in the EMLA group respectively. There was no significant difference between the groups (p = 0.496)., CONCLUSIONS: Topical anaesthesia before palpation-guided TFNAB provides no benefit.
Interventions for preventing late postnatal mother-to-child transmission of HIV.; BACKGROUND: Worldwide, mother-to-child transmission (MTCT) of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV) represents the most common means by which children acquire HIV infection. Efficacious and effective interventions to prevent in utero and intrapartum transmission of HIV infection have been developed and implemented. However, a large proportion of MTCT of HIV occurs postnatally, through breast milk transmission., OBJECTIVES: The objectives of this systematic review were to collate and assess the evidence regarding interventions to decrease late postnatal MTCT of HIV, and to determine the efficacy of such interventions in decreasing late postnatal MTCT of HIV, increasing overall survival, and increasing HIV-free survival., SEARCH STRATEGY: Electronic searches were undertaken using PubMed, EMBASE and other databases for 1980-2008. Hand searches of reference lists of pertinent reviews and studies, as well as abstracts from relevant conferences, were also conducted. Experts in the field were contacted to locate any other studies. The search strategy was iterative., SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomized clinical trials assessing the efficacy of interventions to prevent MTCT of HIV through breast milk were included in the analysis. Other trials and intervention cohort studies with relevant data also were included, but only when randomization was not feasible due to the nature of the intervention (i.e., infant feeding modality)., DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Data regarding HIV infection status and vital status of infants born to HIV-infected women, according to intervention, were extracted from the reports of the studies., MAIN RESULTS: Six randomized clinical trials and one intervention cohort study were included in this review. Two trials addressed the issue of shortening the duration of (or eliminating) exposure to breast milk. In a trial of breastfeeding versus formula feeding, formula feeding was efficacious in preventing MTCT of HIV (the cumulative probability of HIV infection at 24 months was 36.7% in the breastfeeding arm and 20.5% in the formula arm [p = 0.001]), but the mortality and malnutrition rates during the first two years of life were similar in the two groups. In a trial of early cessation of breastfeeding, HIV-free survival was similar between those children who ceased breastfeeding around four months of age and those who continued breastfeeding. Another trial addressing vitamin supplementation found more cases of HIV infection among children of mothers in the vitamin A arm. Efficacy for other vitamin supplements was not shown. An intervention cohort study evaluated the risk of MTCT according to infant feeding modality, and found increased risks of MTCT among breastfed children who also received solids (hazard ratio = 10.87, p = 0.018) as well as higher 3-month mortality rates (hazard ratio = 2.06) among infants given non- breast milk feedings (instead of exclusive breastfeeding). Three trials evaluated antiretroviral prophylaxis to breastfeeding infants. One trial found that breastfeeding with zidovudine prophylaxis (transmission rate = 9.0%) was not as effective as formula feeding (transmission rate 5.6%) in preventing late postnatal HIV transmission (p = 0.04). Breastfeeding with zidovudine prophylaxis and formula feeding had comparable HIV-free survival rates at 18 months (p = 0.60). Two trials of extended nevirapine prophylaxis demonstrated efficacy. In the first (data combined from trials conducted in three different countries), a six-week course of nevirapine resulted in a lower risk of HIV transmission by six weeks of age (p=0.009), but not at six months of age (p = 0.016). In the second, nevirapine administration until 14 weeks of age (5.2%) or nevirapine with zidovudine until 14 weeks of age (6.4%) resulted in significantly lower risks of MTCT of HIV by 9 months of age than a control regimen of peripartum prophylaxis (10.6%) (p < 0.001). HIV-free survival was significantly better through the age of 9 months in both extended prophylaxis groups, and through the age of 15 months in the extended nevirapine group., AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: Complete avoidance of breastfeeding is efficacious in preventing MTCT of HIV, but this intervention has significant associated morbidity (e.g., diarrheal morbidity if formula is prepared without clean water). If breastfeeding is initiated, two interventions 1). exclusive breastfeeding during the first few months of life; and 2) chronic antiretroviral prophylaxis to the infant (nevirapine alone, or nevirapine with zidovudine) are efficacious in preventing transmission.
Are school employees role models of healthful eating? Dietary intake results from the ACTION worksite wellness trial.; BACKGROUND: Little is known about the dietary intake of school employees, a key target group for improving school nutrition., OBJECTIVE: To investigate selected dietary variables and weight status among elementary school personnel., DESIGN: Cross-sectional, descriptive study., SUBJECTS/SETTING: Elementary school employees (n=373) from 22 schools in a suburban parish (county) of southeastern Louisiana were randomly selected for evaluation at baseline of ACTION, a school-based worksite wellness trial., METHODS: Two 24-hour dietary recalls were administered on nonconsecutive days by registered dietitians using the Nutrition Data System for Research. Height and weight were measured by trained examiners and body mass index calculated as kg/m(2)., STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Descriptive analyses characterized energy, macronutrient, fiber, and MyPyramid food group consumption. Inferential statistics (t tests, analysis of variance, chi(2)) were used to examine differences in intake and compliance with recommendations by demographic and weight status categories., RESULTS: Approximately 31% and 40% of the sample were overweight and obese, respectively, with higher obesity rates than state and national estimates. Mean daily energy intake among women was 1,862+/-492 kcal and among men was 2,668+/-796 kcal. Obese employees consumed more energy (+288 kcal, P<0.001) and more energy from fat (P<0.001) than those who were normal weight. Approximately 45% of the sample exceeded dietary fat recommendations. On average, only 9% had fiber intakes at or above their Adequate Intake, which is consistent with the finding that more than 25% of employees did not eat fruit, 58% did not eat dark-green vegetables, and 45% did not eat whole grains on the recalled days. Only 7% of employees met the MyPyramid recommendations for fruits or vegetables, and 14% of the sample met those for milk and dairy foods., CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that greater attention be directed to understanding and improving the diets of school employees given their high rates of overweight and obesity, poor diets, and important role in student health.
Moderately increased protein intake predominately from egg sources does not influence whole body, regional, or muscle composition responses to resistance training in older people.; UNLABELLED: The effects of increased dietary protein on resistance training (RT)-induced changes in body composition and skeletal muscle fiber size are uncertain in older people., OBJECTIVES: We hypothesized that the ingestion of more animal-based foods, especially eggs, to achieve a higher protein intake would enhance RT-induced changes in body composition., SETTING: West Lafayette, IN., PARTICIPANTS: 36 older people (age 61 +/- 1 y; mean +/- SEM)., INTERVENTION: Subjects completed RT three d/wk for 12 weeks, and consumed omnivorous diets that contained either 0.9 +/- 0.1 (lower protein) or 1.2 +/- 0.0 (higher protein) g protein x kg(-1) x d(-1) (12 +/- 3 and 17 +/- 5% of energy intakes, respectively), with the higher protein intake achieved by consuming more eggs, meats, and dairy foods. The lower and higher protein diets contained 213 +/- 21 and 610 +/- 105 mg cholesterol/d, respectively., MEASUREMENTS: Strength, body composition, serum lipid-lipoprotein profile, urinary creatinine, skeletal muscle fiber type and size., RESULTS: Among all subjects, over time (i.e. with RT) body weight was unchanged, lean mass (1.1 +/- 0.2 kg) increased, and fat mass (-1.4 +/- 0.2 kg) decreased (all changes P < 0.05). Regional (i.e. trunk, legs, arms) lean mass increased and fat mass decreased. Whole body muscle mass (24-h urinary creatinine excretion) increased, but skeletal muscle (vastus lateralis) type 1, type 2a, and type 2x fiber cross-sectional areas did not change from baseline. Serum total and LDL cholesterol decreased (P < 0.05) and HDL cholesterol and triacylglycerol were unchanged. Dietary protein and cholesterol intakes did not influence these responses to RT., CONCLUSION: Consumption of diets that contained moderately higher protein and variable amounts of cholesterol did not differentially affect body composition, skeletal muscle fiber size, or serum lipid-lipoprotein profile responses to resistance training in older people.
The effects of creatine and whey protein supplementation on body composition in men aged 48 to 72 years during resistance training.; OBJECTIVES: Creatine and whey protein are supplements believed to have an ergogenic effect. Very little is known regarding the effects of these dietary supplements in older men. The purpose of this study was to determine the effect of creatine and whey protein supplements, consumed independently and in combination, on total and regional body composition in middle-aged men during a resistance-training program., DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS: Forty-two men were randomly assigned to four groups to receive supplements according to a double-blind protocol. Groups consumed their supplements three times per week immediately following their resistance training sessions. The groups were: 1) placebo (480 ml of Gatorade); 2) creatine (480 ml of Gatorade plus 5 grams of creatine); 3) whey protein (480 ml of Gatorade plus 35 grams of whey protein powder); and 4) whey protein/creatine (480 ml of Gatorade plus 5 grams of creatine and 35 grams of whey protein powder). All groups participated in resistance training 3 times per week for 14 weeks., MEASUREMENTS: At the beginning and end of the study, total and regional measures of body composition (DXA) and total (TBW), intracellular (ICW), and extracellular (ECW) body water (Multifrequency BIA) were measured and 3-day diet records were completed., RESULTS: There were significant training effects for regional arm fat (decrease), regional arm bone free-fat free mass (BF-FFM - increase), total body BF-FFM (increase), ICW (increase), and ECW (increase) but no significant group effects and only one significant group by training interaction (ECW). There were no significant changes for total calorie, carbohydrate, fat or protein intake for any of the groups from prestudy to post-study testing., CONCLUSION: The results from this study suggest that supplementation with creatine, whey protein, or a combination of creatine and whey protein, when combined with resistance training in middle-aged men, have no added benefit to changes that occur to body composition due to resistance training alone.
Rationale, design and methods of the HEALTHY study nutrition intervention component.; The HEALTHY study was a randomized, controlled, multicenter and middle school-based, multifaceted intervention designed to reduce risk factors for the development of type 2 diabetes. The study randomized 42 middle schools to intervention or control, and followed students from the sixth to the eighth grades. Here we describe the design of the HEALTHY nutrition intervention component that was developed to modify the total school food environment, defined to include the following: federal breakfast, lunch, after school snack and supper programs; a la carte venues, including snack bars and school stores; vending machines; fundraisers; and classroom parties and celebrations. Study staff implemented the intervention using core and toolbox strategies to achieve and maintain the following five intervention goals: (1) lower the average fat content of foods, (2) increase the availability and variety of fruits and vegetables, (3) limit the portion sizes and energy content of dessert and snack foods, (4) eliminate whole and 2% milk and all added sugar beverages, with the exception of low fat or nonfat flavored milk, and limit 100% fruit juice to breakfast in small portions and (5) increase the availability of higher fiber grain-based foods and legumes. Other nutrition intervention component elements were taste tests, cafeteria enhancements, cafeteria line messages and other messages about healthy eating, cafeteria learning laboratory (CLL) activities, twice-yearly training of food service staff, weekly meetings with food service managers, incentives for food service departments, and twice yearly local meetings and three national summits with district food service directors. Strengths of the intervention design were the integration of nutrition with the other HEALTHY intervention components (physical education, behavior change and communications), and the collaboration and rapport between the nutrition intervention study staff members and food service personnel at both school and district levels.
Soymilk supplementation does not alter plasma markers of inflammation and oxidative stress in postmenopausal women.; Aging is associated with increasing levels of systemic inflammation and oxidative stress, both of which contribute to the progression of cardiovascular disease. Attenuation of such processes via dietary intervention has significant public health implications. Soyfoods, as a source of high-quality protein and isoflavones, may improve such indices, although such effects in healthy aging women are not well delineated. The purpose of this study was to test the hypothesis that 4 weeks of daily soymilk consumption would improve systemic markers of inflammation and oxidative stress in postmenopausal women when compared with a dairy control. In September 2009, a single-blind, randomized, controlled trial was conducted on 31 postmenopausal women at Baylor University, Waco, Tex. Subjects were randomly assigned to consume 3 servings of vanilla soy (n = 16) or reduced fat dairy (n = 15) milk per day for 4 weeks. Plasma markers of inflammation (tumor necrosis factor alpha [TNF-alpha], interleukin [IL]-1beta, IL-6) and oxidative stress (superoxide dismutase [SOD], glutathione peroxidase [GPx], cyclooxygenase-2 [COX-2]) were obtained before and after supplementation. No significant differences were observed for any of the plasma inflammatory (TNF-alpha, P = .08; IL-1beta, P = .14; IL-6, P = .26) or oxidative stress (SOD, P = .68; GPx, P = .58; COX-2, P = .99) variables by dietary treatment group. Despite good dietary compliance, our study failed to show a significant effect of soymilk consumption on markers of inflammation and oxidative stress in this postmenopausal female population. Potential reasons for this nonsignificant finding are discussed, and future research directions are presented.
Dairy-rich diets augment fat loss on an energy-restricted diet: a multicenter trial.; A 12-week randomized controlled multi-center clinical trial was conducted in 106 overweight and obese adults. Diets were designed to produce a 2,093 kJ/day energy deficit with either low calcium (LC; ~600 mg/day), high calcium (HC; ~1,400 mg/day), or high dairy (HD; three dairy servings, diet totaling ~1,400 mg/day). Ninety-three subjects completed the trial, and 68 met all a priori weekly compliance criteria. Both HC and HD contained comparable levels of calcium, but HC was only ~30% as effective as HD in suppressing 1,25-(OH)(2)D and exerted no significant effects on weight loss or body composition compared to LC. In the group that met compliance criteria, HD resulted in ~two-fold augmentation of fat loss compared to LC and HC (HD: -4.43 +/- 0.53 kg; LC: -2.69 +/- 0.0.53 kg; HC: -2.23 +/- 0.73 kg, p < 0.025); assessment of all completers and an intent-to-treat analysis produced similar trends. HD augmentated central (trunk) fat loss (HD: -2.38 +/- 0.30 kg; HC: -1.42 +/- 0.30 kg; LC: -1.36 +/- 0.42 kg, p < 0.05) and waist circumference (HD: -7.65 +/- 0.75 cm; LC: -4.92 +/- 0.74 cm; LC: -4.95 +/- 1.05 cm, p < 0.025). Similar effects were noted among all subjects completing the study and in an intent-to-treat analysis. These data indicate that dairy-rich diets augment weight loss by targeting the fat compartment during energy restriction.
Long-term effects of a carbohydrate-rich diet on fasting blood sugar, lipid profile, and serum insulin values in rural Bengalis.; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of Type 2 diabetes is increasing in rural areas of India, where there is also often a lack of health infrastructure. Thus, a proper dietary study with the view of combating diabetes is essential. The aim of the present study was to determine the long-term effect of a carbohydrate-rich diet in rural Bengal., METHODS: Volunteers (n = 320) were selected from three villages in Kharagpur and were randomly divided into a control and experimental group (n = 160 in each). The design of the study was such that non-significant differences in any of the dependent variables were maintainted prior to the application of control or treatment modes. In the control group, volunteers consumed <70% carbohydrate as part of their diet, whereas in the experimental group carbohydrate consumption was >70%. Blood samples from both groups were collected on yearly basis for 5 years and fasting blood sugar (FBS), lipid profile and serum insulin values were analyzed., RESULTS: The blood biochemistry profiles were monitored before the start and at the end of the study. The results indicate that increased intake of carbohydrate causes significant increases in FBS (P < 0.05) and serum insulin (P < 0.05), as well as changes in the lipid profile, particularly triglycerides (P < 0.05) and very low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (VLDL-C; P < 0.05)., CONCLUSIONS: The effects of increased carbohydrate on FBS, serum insulin, triglycerides and VLDL-C indicate that a proper nutritional policy needs to be implemented for this population of rural, low-income Bengalis. Copyright © 2009 Ruijin Hospital, Shanghai Jiaotong University School of Medicine and Blackwell Publishing Asia Pty Ltd.
Can a dairy-rich diet be effective in long-term weight control of young children?.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the long-term effect of a randomized controlled trial of a dairy-rich diet on generalized and abdominal obesity, as well as on the components of the metabolic syndrome, among obese prepubescent children., METHODS: This trial was conducted among a population-based sample of 120 obese prepubescent children who were randomly assigned to 3 groups of equal number. In addition to attending 6 consecutive monthly family-centered education sessions about healthy lifestyle, an isocaloric dairy-rich diet (>800 mg ca/d) was recommended to the children of one group (DR: dairy-rich diet), the second group was placed on a caloric-restricted regimen (ER: energy-restricted), and the third group received no additional recommendation (C: controls). The groups were then followed-up twice a year for 3 years., RESULTS: The mean age of the children was 5.6 +/- 0.5 years. Of 120 participants, 95 (75%) completed the study; the DR group had the highest retention rate. In all groups, body mass index-standard deviation score (BMI-SDS) and waist circumference decreased significantly after the 6-month trial, but had a sustained significant rise during the follow-up period to the end of the study; however, in the DR group, this rise was significantly lower than in the 2 other groups. After the 6-month trial, in all groups, serum triglycerides (TG) and insulin levels decreased, and serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) level and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-R) increased. In the DR group, the TG, insulin and HOMA-R levels remained significantly lower than baseline until the 12-month follow-up., CONCLUSIONS: We suggest that in addition to lifestyle changes, an isocaloric diet rich in dairy products may be a well-accepted regimen and can be a safe and practical strategy for weight control in young, overweight children.
[Effects of flavones of buckwheat flower and leaf on insulin resistance and liver PTP1B in type 2 diabetic rats].; OBJECTIVE: To explore the effect and mechanism of flavones of buckwheat flower and leaf (FBFL) on lowering blood glucose and improving insulin resistance in type 2 diabetic rats., METHOD: Seventy healthy male Wistar rats were used in this trial. Ten of them were selected randomly as normal group; the others were given fat milk by intragastric administration daily, from the 14th day on, low dose tetraoxypyrimidine was added by intraperitoneal injection every other day for three times. Rats with fasting (72 hours after the last injection) blood sugar > or = 16.7 mmol x L(-1) and K(IPT) < 60% of normal group were selected as type 2 diabetic model with insulin resistance, which were randomly divided into 5 groups: model group. LGLT group; low, moderate and high dosage FBFL groups (L-FBFL; M-FBFL; H-FBFL). Every rat was treated accordingly for 4 weeks; then FBG, FFA, INS were detected and ISI was calculated to evaluate the degree of insulin resistance. Liver PTP1B expression was determined by immunohistochemistry method. staining were observed by light microscopy., RESULT: FBFL could dose-dependently inhibit the rising of FBG, FFA, INS, improve the state of insulin resistance and reduce the expression level of liver PTP1B., CONCLUSION: FBFL could effectively improve insulin resistance in type 2 diabetic rats induced by tetraoxypyrimidine and fat milk and showed dose-dependence relationship.
Effects of two-month consumption of 30 g a day of soy protein isolate or skimmed curd protein on blood lipid concentration in Russian adults with hyperlipidemia.; Recently the American Heart Association has reported that favorable effects of soy protein on blood lipids were characteristic only for high amounts of soy protein and not observed for an intake less than 30 g/d. However, the period of the studies with the smaller amount was 4-6 wk and we thought a longer study was necessary for the conclusion. The death rate by heart disease is very high in Russia; therefore, we have done this study in Russian subjects with hyperlipidemia. Prior to the study we tried to find a favorable method for subjects to take 30 g protein a day from soybean protein isolate (SPI) or skimmed curd protein (SMP) and decided to use Russian style cookies. Thirty subjects with hyperlipidemia were recruited; however, due to the 5-mo long study 28 of them (19 females and 9 males aged 50+/-2 y) could complete the trial. They were randomly assigned to two groups and were given either cookie for 2 mo separated by a month-long washout interval in a cross-over design. Fasting blood samples were drawn before and after the dietary treatments. Fasting blood samples at 1 mo were also measured as a health check and to observe the trends of the blood parameters in the middle of the study period. Serum samples were used for the lipid and other biochemical measurements. Every month for 3 non-consecutive days, energy and nutrient intakes were assessed and physical activity was estimated by pedometer. With the consumption of SPI for 2 mo, concentrations of total-cholesterol changed from 280+/-7 to 263+/-8 mg/dL (-6.5%, p=0.0099), HDL-cholesterol from 57.4+/-2.5 to 62.6+/-2.9 mg/dL (+9%, p=0.0047), non-HDL-cholesterol (total-cholesterol-HDL-cholesterol) from 223+/-7 to 201+/-8 mg/dL (-11%, p=0.0023) and triglycerides from 204+/-23 to 173+/- 19 mg/dL (-18%, p=0.022). There were no significant changes with SMP (p>0.05). Thus, administration of 30 g SPI a day for 2 mo confirmed its favorable effects on serum lipids in Russians with hyperlipidemia.
Photodynamic therapy with methyl aminolevulinate for primary nodular basal cell carcinoma: results of two randomized studies.; BACKGROUND: Data suggest that photodynamic therapy using topical methyl aminolevulinate (MAL PDT) may be a noninvasive alternative to excisional surgery for nodular basal cell carcinoma (BCC). In the studies described here, we investigated the histologic response, tolerability, and cosmetic outcome with MAL PDT for primary nodular BCC (or= 50% reduction in greatest diameter) at 3 months were re-treated (21%). Treatment sites were excised at 3 months (clinical nonresponders) or 6 months (clinical responders) after the last treatment., RESULTS: Histologically verified lesion complete response rates were higher with MAL PDT than with placebo [73% (55/75) vs. 27% (20/75)]. Treatment was most effective for facial lesions (89% complete response). Cosmetic outcome was good or excellent in 98% of evaluable, completely responding lesions treated with MAL PDT., CONCLUSION: Although longer follow-up studies are required, these promising data indicate the potential of topical MAL PDT as a noninvasive treatment alternative for nodular BCC.
Proposed role of calcium and dairy food components in weight management and metabolic health.; Dietary calcium and dairy foods have demonstrated an antiobesity effect in animal studies, observational and population studies, and randomized clinical trials. Moreover, there is a strong theoretical framework to explain the effects of dietary calcium on energy metabolism. The supporting mechanisms include dietary calcium-correcting suboptimal calcium intakes, thereby preventing the endocrine response (parathyroid hormone [PTH] and calcitriol), which favors adipocyte energy storage and inhibits adipocyte loss via apoptosis. Dietary calcium appears to further promote energy loss via formation of calcium soaps in the gastrointestinal tract and thereby modestly reduces net energy absorption. Dietary calcium appears to be responsible for approximately 50% of the antiobesity bioactivity of dairy foods. The additional dairy bioactivity has not been fully identified, but is primarily localized in whey protein. The major components are the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor activity of whey proteins and the high concentration of leucine in whey. This high leucine content appears to be primarily responsible for the repartitioning of dietary energy from adipose tissue to skeletal muscle during weight loss, resulting in greater preservation of skeletal muscle and accelerated loss of adipose tissue during negative energy balance. Finally, high-calcium diets suppress obesity-induced oxidative and inflammatory stress independently from its role in modulating adiposity; these effects are similarly augmented by other dairy food components. However, the number of randomized clinical trials conducted is still modest, and a small number have not confirmed significant effects in weight management. Thus, the protective effects of dairy foods against obesity and its comorbidities are promising, but warrant further large-scale studies.
Investigation of the effect of high dairy diet on body mass index and body fat in overweight and obese children.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether an increase in dairy food consumption improves the changes in BMI and adiposity in children on an energy restricted diet., METHODS: Overweight and obese children (n = 120, age: 12-18 y, BMI: 27-40 kg/m2) were randomized to receive a calorie restricted diet providing a 500 kcal/d deficit from total energy expenditure and two (n = 40), three (n = 40) or four (n = 40) servings of dairy products/day. Anthropometric measurements in addition to serum hs-CRP and lipid profile were measured at baseline and after 12 weeks., RESULTS: Among the 96 children who completed the study, significant reductions in overall BMI, BMI z-score, weight, total body fat percentage and total body fat mass were observed (p < 0.001) but these reductions were not significantly affected by increasing dairy intake (p > 0.05). Overall waist/hip ratio, Serum vitamin D and lipid profile did not change significantly (p > 0.05) apart from a significant increase in HDL-cholesterol (p < 0.001) which was independent of dairy intake (p > 0.05)., CONCLUSION: Increased intake of dairy products does not lead to an augmented change in BMI, weight and body fat in overweight and obese children beyond what is achieved by calorie restriction.
