Premature adrenarche.$$$ Adrenarche is the puberty of the adrenal gland. The descriptive term "pubarche" indicates the appearance of pubic hair, which may be accompanied by axillary hair. This process is considered premature if it occurs before age 8 yr in girls and 9 yr in boys. The chief hormonal products of adrenarche are DHEA and DHEAS. The well-documented evolution of adrenarche in primates and men is incompatible with either a neutral or harmful role for DHEA and implies most likely a positive role for some aspects of young adult pubertal maturation and developmental maturation. Premature adrenarche has no adverse effects on the onset and progression of gonadarche and/or final height. Mechanisms for initiation of adrenal androgen secretion at adrenarche are still not well understood. Maturational increases in 17-hydroxylase and 17,20-lyase are seen together with a lower activity of 3beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase (3beta-HSD). There is good evidence that the zona reticularis is the source of adrenal androgens. Adrenarche and gonadarche are regulated differently. Although premature adrenarche has been thought to be a benign, normal variant of puberty, our findings indicate that, for certain girls, premature adrenarche represents an early clinical feature of syndrome X (obesity, hypertension, dyslipidemia, insulin resistance). Perhaps the early identification of these patients will permit early therapy, such as lifestyle changes, including dietary and activity level intervention. As insulin resistance is an underlying feature of premature adrenarche, it seems rational to assess the efficacy and safety of using insulin-sensitizing agents to treat these individuals. In the absence of controlled longitudinal studies, the cross-sectional data available from our studies suggest that premature pubarche driven by premature adrenarche and hyperinsulinemia may precede the development of ovarian hyperandrogenism, and this sequence may have an early origin with low birth weight serving as a marker. Premature adrenarche may thus be a forerunner of syndrome X in some girls. FAU - Saenger, P
Menarche delay and menstrual irregularities persist in adolescents with type 1 diabetes.$$$ BACKGROUND: Menarche delay has been reported in adolescent females with type 1 diabetes (T1DM), perhaps due to poor glycemic control. We sought to compare age at menarche between adolescent females with T1DM and national data, and to identify factors associated with delayed menarche and menstrual irregularity in T1DM. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study and females ages 12- 24 years (n = 228) with at least one menstrual period were recruited during their outpatient diabetes clinic appointment. The National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2001-2006 data (n = 3690) for females 12-24 years were used as a control group. RESULTS: Age at menarche was later in adolescent females with T1DM diagnosed prior to menarche (12.81 +/- 0.09 years) (mean+/- SE) (n = 185) than for adolescent females diagnosed after menarche (12.17 0.19 years, p = 0.0015) (n = 43). Average age of menarche in NHANES was 12.27 +/- 0.038 years, which was significantly earlier than adolescent females with T1DM prior to menarche (p < 0.0001) and similar to adolescent females diagnosed after menarche (p = 0.77). Older age at menarche was negatively correlated with BMI z-score (r = -0.23 p = 0.0029) but not hemoglobin A1c (A1c) at menarche (r = 0.01, p = 0.91). Among 181 adolescent females who were at least 2 years post menarche, 63 (35%) reported usually or always irregular cycles. CONCLUSION: Adolescent females with T1DM had a later onset of menarche than both adolescent females who developed T1DM after menarche and NHANES data. Menarche age was negatively associated with BMI z-score, but not A1c. Despite improved treatment in recent decades, menarche delay and high prevalence of menstrual irregularity is still observed among adolescent females with T1DM. FAU - Schweiger, Bahareh M
Systematic review and meta-analysis of age at menarche and risk of type 2 diabetes.$$$ The relation of early menarche with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) remains inconsistent across studies. The objective of this systematic review and meta-analysis of published population-based observational studies was to assess the association between age at menarche and T2DM risk. We searched online data bases through December 2013 and examined the reference lists of pertinent articles. Summary relative risks (RRs) with 95 % confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated with a random-effects model. A total of 14 effect estimates from 10 eligible studies (three cross-sectional and seven cohort studies) included 315,428 participants and 22,085 cases of T2DM. Compared with the highest or middle category, women in the lowest category of age at menarche had higher risk of T2DM [summary RR (95 % CI) 1.22 (1.17, 1.28)]. These results were consistent between studies that conducted in the United States and in Europe. The association between age at menarche and T2DM was slightly stronger for cohort than for cross-sectional studies. These findings strongly support an association between younger age at menarche and increased risk of T2DM. Age at menarche may help identify women with increased risk of developing T2DM. FAU - Janghorbani, Mohsen
The physiology and timing of male puberty.$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To describe available markers of male puberty, discuss associations between adiposity and pubertal timing and to review recent evidence of a possible secular trend in male pubertal timing. RECENT FINDINGS: An expert panel reviewing existing American pubertal data from boys in 2005 could not confirm a secular trend in male pubertal timing. National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey III findings have been confirmed by the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development study reporting a mean age of 10.4 years for Caucasian boys entering Tanner stage G2. Furthermore, the Copenhagen Puberty Study reported a 3 months decline in pubertal onset during a 15-year period (from 11.92 years in 1991 to 11.66 years in 2008).A negative association between obesity and early puberty was found in the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development study, in contrast to the positive association found in a Danish study. Other studies have not been able to document an association between prepubertal BMI and age at pubertal onset. SUMMARY: Evaluation of Tanner stage and especially assessment of testicular volume should both be used in epidemiological studies. We speculate that the association between fat mass and pubertal timing may be nonlinear and recent studies may indicate a small decline in age at pubertal onset in boys. FAU - Tinggaard, Jeanette
Interaction of Pubertal Development and Metabolic Control in Adolescents with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.$$$ BACKGROUND: In T1DM, delayed pubertal development and reduced final height are associated with inadequate metabolic control. OBJECTIVE: To assess whether T1DM affects pubertal growth spurt and whether metabolic control during puberty is gender-related. METHODS: Using a large multicentre database, longitudinal data from 1294 patients were analysed. Inclusion criteria: complete records of height and HbA1c from the age of seven to 16 years. Exclusion criteria: other significant chronic diseases and medications, T1DM duration less than three months, and initial BMI < 3rd or >97th percentile. RESULTS: Growth velocity (GV) was impaired with a significant reduction of peak GV by 1.2 cm in boys. HbA1c increase during male puberty was lower except for a period of 1.5 years. The highest HbA1c increase in boys coincided with maximum growth spurt. In girls, the highest HbA1c increase was observed during late puberty. Even though there is impaired GV, both sexes reach a height at 16 years of age which corresponds to the background population height. CONCLUSION: Worsening of metabolic control is sex-discordant and associated with gender-specific alterations of GV. However, the vast majority of boys and girls with T1DM seems to reach normal height at the age of 16 years. FAU - Plamper, M
Puberty gingivitis in insulin-dependent diabetic children. I. Cross-sectional observations.$$$ This cross-sectional study examined the gingivitis occurring at puberty in a population of insulin-dependent juvenile diabetics. Seventy-seven children between the ages of 6 and 15 years were examined for gingivitis levels, stages of pubertal maturation and blood levels of glucose and glycosylated hemoglobin. Bacterial plaque was sampled from one or more approximal tooth surfaces of every subject and cultured under anaerobic and aerobic conditions on nonselective and selective media. The total cultivable flora and percentage of certain presumptive periodontopathic bacteria were determined. Before puberty, children with "high" levels of glycosylated hemoglobin also had higher gingivitis levels than children with "normal" metabolic control of diabetes. During puberty, the level of gingivitis increased independently from both fasting blood glucose levels and per cent glycosylated hemoglobin. The microbiota of marginal plaque was predominantly composed of facultatively anaerobic bacteria. The percentages of Capnocytophaga sp and Actinomyces naeslundii were statistically higher at the onset of puberty, suggesting that a specific bacterial shift in the microbial composition of marginal plaque occurs in response to host changes in juvenile diabetic children at this age period. FAU - Gusberti, F A
Banting Memorial Lecture 2016 Reducing lifetime risk of complications in adolescents with Type 1 diabetes.$$$ Adolescence is a challenging period of life for any young person, and for those with Type 1 diabetes, physiological and psychological factors can result in a deterioration in glycaemic control. In young people with Type 1 diabetes, puberty may be an additional risk factor impacting on the lifetime risk for renal and cardiovascular complications. Our longitudinal studies have identified that increases in urinary albumin excretion through childhood are associated with the development of microalbuminuria and a generalized endotheliopathy linked to cardiovascular risk. Screening of participants recruited to the Adolescent type 1 Diabetes cardio-renal Intervention Trial (AdDIT) confirms that these early changes in albumin excretion are related to both diabetic nephropathy and cardiovascular risk; in part, independent of glycaemic control. Thus, as well as current attempts to improve glycaemic control through enhanced targeted insulin delivery, pumps, sensors and closed loop, we have explored the role of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and statins in providing cardio-renal protection during adolescence.
Pubertal development in children diagnosed with diabetes mellitus type 1 before puberty.$$$ STUDY OBJECTIVE: To investigate an association between pubertal development and timing of menarche with glycemic control, disease duration, and body mass index (BMI) in patients diagnosed with diabetes mellitus type 1 (DM1) before puberty. DESIGN: Retrospective study. SETTING: The study was performed at the diabetes outpatient clinic of Instituto de Puericultura e Pediatria Martagão Gesteira--IPPMG of the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro--UFRJ. PARTICIPANTS: A total of 131 children, 61 girls and 70 boys, diagnosed with DM1 before puberty participated in the study. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The study investigated how age at puberty onset relates to mean glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) before puberty, BMI percentile, and disease duration; how puberty duration relates to mean HbA1c before and during puberty and to disease duration; and how timing of menarche relates to mean HbA1c before puberty, BMI percentile, and disease duration. RESULTS: Age at puberty onset was positively correlated with mean HbA1c before puberty (r = 0.204, R(2) = 0.042; P = .019) and disease duration (r = 0.451, R(2) = 0.203; P < .0001), and negatively correlated with BMI percentile (r = -0.289, R(2) = 0.084; P = .001). Timing of menarche was negatively correlated with BMI percentile (r = -0.556, R(2) = 0.310; P < .001). CONCLUSIONS: Children with longer disease duration began puberty later than those diagnosed more recently. Girls in higher BMI percentiles reached menarche sooner. FAU - Pereira, K C X
Sleep architecture and glucose and insulin homeostasis in obese adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Sleep deprivation is associated with increased risk of adult type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). It is uncertain whether sleep deprivation and/or altered sleep architecture affects glycemic regulation or insulin sensitivity or secretion. We hypothesized that in obese adolescents, sleep disturbances would associate with altered glucose and insulin homeostasis. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This cross-sectional observational study of 62 obese adolescents took place at the Clinical and Translational Research Center and Sleep Laboratory in a tertiary care children's hospital. Subjects underwent oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), anthropometric measurements, overnight polysomnography, and frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIGT). Hemoglobin A(1c) (HbA(1c)) and serial insulin and glucose levels were obtained, indices of insulin sensitivity and secretion were calculated, and sleep architecture was assessed. Correlation and regression analyses were performed to assess the association of total sleep and sleep stages with measures of insulin and glucose homeostasis, adjusted for confounding variables. RESULTS: We found significant U-shaped (quadratic) associations between sleep duration and both HbA(1c) and serial glucose levels on OGTT and positive associations between slow-wave sleep (N3) duration and insulin secretory measures, independent of degree of obesity, pubertal stage, sex, and obstructive sleep apnea measures. CONCLUSIONS: Insufficient and excessive sleep was associated with short-term and long-term hyperglycemia in our obese adolescents. Decreased N3 was associated with decreased insulin secretion. These effects may be related, with reduced insulin secretory capacity leading to hyperglycemia. We speculate that optimizing sleep may stave off the development of T2DM in obese adolescents. FAU - Koren, Dorit
Youth With Type 1 Diabetes Have Adipose, Hepatic, and Peripheral Insulin Resistance.$$$ CONTEXT: Adolescents with type 1 diabetes (T1D) have difficulty obtaining optimal glucose control, which may relate to insulin resistance (IR), especially during puberty. Moreover, IR increases the risk for cardiovascular disease, the leading cause of death in T1D. However, the tissue specificity of IR in adolescents with T1D has not been fully phenotyped. OBJECTIVE: To assess adipose, hepatic, and peripheral insulin sensitivity in adolescents with and without T1D. DESIGN AND SETTING: Thirty-five youth with T1D [median age, 16 (first and third quartiles, 14, 17) years; 53% female; median body mass index (BMI) percentile, 82nd (55th, 96th); late puberty; median hemoglobin A1c, 8.3% (7.3%, 9.4%)] and 22 nondiabetic youth of similar age, BMI, pubertal stage, and level of habitual physical activity were enrolled. Insulin action was measured with a four-phase hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp (basal and 10, 16, and 80 mU/m2/min) with glucose and glycerol isotope tracers. RESULTS: Adolescents with T1D had a significantly higher rate of lipolysis (P < 0.0001) and endogenous glucose production (P < 0.001) and lower peripheral glucose uptake (glucose rate of disappearance, 6.9 ± 2.9 mg/kg/min for patients with T1D vs 11.3 ± 3.3 for controls; P < 0.0001) during hyperinsulinemia compared with controls. In youth with T1D, glucose rate of disappearance correlated with free fatty acid at the 80-mU/m2/min phase (P = 0.005), markers of inflammation (IL-6; P = 0.012), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (P = 0.001), and leptin (P = 0.008)], but not hemoglobin A1c. CONCLUSIONS: Adolescents with T1D have adipose, hepatic and peripheral IR. This IR occurs regardless of obesity and metabolic syndrome features. Youth with T1D may benefit from interventions directed at improving IR in these tissues, and this area requires further research. FAU - Cree-Green, Melanie
Glycemic control and bone mineral density in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes.$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: Fracture risk is increased in patients with type 1 diabetes. We aimed to evaluate bone mineral density (BMD) and to identify risk factors associated to lower BMD in Danish children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes. METHODS: In this cross-sectional study BMD Z-score were determined by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) from a cohort of otherwise healthy children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes. Puberty Tanner stage, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), disease duration, and age at diabetes onset were investigated for associations to DXA results. RESULTS: We included 85 patients, 39 girls, 46 boys, with a median (range) age of 13.2 (6-17) years; disease duration 4.2 (0.4-15.9) years; HbA1c of the last year 61.8 (41-106) mmol/mol. Our patients were taller and heavier than the background population. When adjusted for increased height SD and body mass index SD, no overall difference in BMD Z-score was found. When stratified by sex, boys had significantly increased adjusted mean BMD Z-score, 0.38 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.13;0.62), girls; -0.27 (95% CI: -0.53;0.00). For the whole cohort, a negative correlation between mean latest year HbA1c and BMD Z-score was found, adjusted ß -0.019 (95%CI: -0.034;-0.004, P = 0.01). Poor glycemic control (HbA1c > 58 mmol/mol [7.5%]) within the latest year was likewise negatively correlated with BMD Z-score, adjusted ß -0.35 (95%CI: -0.69;-0.014, P = 0.04). CONCLUSIONS: Our study suggests that elevated blood glucose has a negative effect on the bones already before adulthood in patients with type 1 diabetes, although no signs of osteoporosis were identified by DXA.
Changes in treatment adherence and glycemic control during the transition to adolescence in type 1 diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To test models of unidirectional and bidirectional change between treatment adherence and glycemic control in youth with type 1 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We conducted a 2-year longitudinal, multisite study of 225 youth with type 1 diabetes recruited at the cusp of adolescence (aged 9-11 years) to describe the mutual influences of glycemic control as measured by HbA(1c) and treatment adherence as measured by blood glucose monitoring frequency (BGMF) during the transition to adolescence. RESULTS: HbA(1c) increased from 8.2 to 8.6% (P < 0.001) and BGMF decreased from 4.9 to 4.5 checks per day (P < 0.02) during the 2-year period. Changes in the BGMF slope predicted changes in HbA(1c). A change (increase) in HbA(1c) was associated with a change (decrease) in BGMF of 1.26 (P < 0.001) after controlling for covariates. CONCLUSIONS: The magnitude of the effect of declining treatment adherence (BGMF) on glycemic control in young adolescents may be even greater than declines observed among older adolescents. BGMF offers a powerful tool for targeted management of glycemic control for type 1 diabetes during the critical transition to adolescence. FAU - Rausch, Joseph R
Age at menarche and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a population-based study in Xiamen, China.$$$ BACKGROUND: It has been reported that earlier age at menarche is associated with a higher risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus. However, the relationship between age at menarche and gestational diabetes mellitus is inconsistent across studies. We hypothesized that an earlier age at menarche would predict the gestational diabetes mellitus risk. METHODS: This was a population-based, retrospective cohort study of 70,041 women aged 18 to 53 years old, conducted between 2011 and 2018. The subjects were recruited from the Medical Birth Registry in Xiamen, China. Age at menarche was categorized as 8-12, 13, 14, 15, 16-19 years old. Logistic regression analysis and spline analysis was used to assess the risk of the menarche age group for gestational diabetes mellitus. Linear regression analysis was performed to evaluate independent associations between age at menarche and fasting plasma glucose and blood glucose 1 hour and 2 hours after a 75-g of glucose load between 24 and 28 weeks' gestation. RESULTS: The overall prevalence of GDM was 17.6%. After adjustment for family history of diabetes, earlier age at menarche (8-12, and 13 years old) was associated with increased odds for GDM (OR, 1.08; 95% CI, 1.02-1.15, and OR, 1.07; 95% CI, 1.03-1.14, respectively) compared with average age at menarche (14 years old). With further adjustment for pre-pregnancy body mass index, blood pressure, educational level, age at delivery, and hepatitis B surface antigen status, this association was attenuated (OR, 0.93, and OR, 1.02, respectively). Multivariable-adjusted spline regression models showed a linear dose-response association between age at menarche and GDM (P for nonlinearity, 0.203; P for linearity, 0.006). On linear regression analysis, earlier age at menarche was significantly associated with increased blood glucose one and 2 hours after a glucose load but not with the fasting plasma glucose. CONCLUSIONS: As expected, early age at menarche was found to be associated with an increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus. However, this association may be mediated by potential confounding factors other than age. An additional finding was that earlier menarche was significantly related with elevated pregnancy glucose concentrations after a glucose load. FAU - Wang, Liying
Mauriac syndrome still exists.$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: Mauriac syndrome (MS) is a rare complication of type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM1). It is related to low insulin concentrations and is less common since longer-acting insulins became available. It is characterized by hepatomegaly, growth and puberty delay, and the presence of elevated transaminases and serum lipids. The aim of this study was to describe the patients from a pediatric diabetic population that fulfill the criteria of MS. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A retrospective analysis of the pediatric diabetic population with diagnostic criteria of MS currently followed at Hospital de Braga, was performed. RESULTS: From a population of 91 patients with DM1 18 years, 6 patients with the criteria for MS were identified: 5 girls, and 1 boy. The age at presentation was 13-17 years, with a minimum interval between DM1 diagnosis and MS criteria of 4 years. All the patients were prescribed intensive insulin therapy (median daily insulin dose: 0.88 U/kg). All had a previous history of poor glycemic control before the diagnosis of MS with glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) between 8.8 and 12.9%. Increase of hepatic enzymes was present in all the patients; 4 of them had associated hepatomegaly. All the girls presented puberty delay and cushingoid features. None of the patients presented short stature and 5 of them presented mixed dyslipidemia. CONCLUSIONS: Although MS is an ancient entity described in DM1, it still exists, particularly in adolescent females. Being aware of MS is of extreme importance since most of the clinical features are reversible with better glycemic control.
Maternal diabetes mellitus and timing of pubertal development in daughters and sons: a nationwide cohort study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To study the association between maternal diabetes and timing of pubertal development in daughters and sons. DESIGN: Prospective cohort study. SETTING: Not applicable. PATIENT(S): A total of 15,822 mother-child pairs included in the Danish National Birth Cohort and the Puberty Cohort with prospectively collected, register-based and self-reported information on maternal diabetes and self-reported information on pubertal development. INTERVENTION(S): None. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Adjusted mean monthly difference in age at attaining pubertal milestones in children born of mothers with diabetes compared with children born of mothers without diabetes. RESULT(S): A total of 502 children were born of mothers with diabetes during pregnancy. In daughters exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus, we observed advanced onset in all pubertal milestones. The associations were statistically significant with regard to pubic hair Tanner stage 2 (-4.8 months) (95% confidence interval [CI] -7.7, -2.0), pubic hair Tanner stage 3 (-2.2 months) (95 % CI -4.4, 0.0), pubic hair Tanner stage 5 (-6.0 months) (95% CI -10.8, -1.2), and menarche (-2.5 months) (95 % CI -4.9, 0.0). We observed no tendencies between maternal type 1 or type 2 diabetes mellitus and pubertal development in daughters. We observed no associations between maternal diabetes and pubertal development in sons. CONCLUSION(S): Our findings suggest that gestational diabetes mellitus may accelerate the pubertal development in daughters. Our results did not support an association between type 1 or type 2 diabetes mellitus and daughters' pubertal development, as well as between any type of maternal diabetes and sons' pubertal development.
Irisin and its relation to insulin resistance and puberty in obese children: a longitudinal analysis.$$$ CONTEXT: Irisin is a recently identified myokine affecting metabolic and glucose homeostasis. However, the role of irisin in obesity and its metabolic consequences are controversial, and data in children are scarce. OBJECTIVE: To study the relationships between irisin, insulin resistance, and puberty before and after weight loss in obese children with and without impaired glucose tolerance. DESIGN: One-year follow-up study in obese children participating in a lifestyle intervention. SETTING: Primary care. PATIENTS: Forty obese children and 20 normal-weight children of similar age, gender, and pubertal stage. INTERVENTION: A 1-year outpatient intervention program based on exercise, behavior, and nutrition therapy. MAIN OUTCOMES MEASURES: Fasting serum irisin, weight status (body mass index [BMI] SD score), and the following parameters of the metabolic syndrome: insulin resistance index (homeostasis model of assessment), blood pressure, and lipids. RESULTS: The irisin levels were the highest in obese children with impaired glucose tolerance, followed by obese children with normal glucose tolerance, and levels were lowest in normal-weight children (P < .001). In a multiple linear regression analysis, baseline irisin was significantly associated with pubertal stage, high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, and homeostasis model of assessment, but not to age, gender, BMI, or any other parameter of the metabolic syndrome. The irisin concentrations were significantly (P = .010) lower in the prepubertal compared to the pubertal children. In longitudinal analyses, changes of irisin were significantly associated with entry into puberty, change of fasting glucose, and 2-hour glucose in an oral glucose tolerance test, but not with change of BMI or any other parameter. CONCLUSIONS: Irisin levels are related to pubertal stage and insulin resistance but not to weight status in childhood. FAU - Reinehr, Thomas
Autonomic neuropathy in young people with type 1 diabetes: a systematic review.$$$ Autonomic neuropathy is an under-recognized complication of diabetes, although it affects multiple organ systems and has widespread clinical manifestations including orthostatic hypotension, exercise intolerance, gastroparesis, diarrhea, constipation, and urinary incontinence. The most severe consequences include hypoglycemia unawareness and cardiovascular dysfunction. Autonomic neuropathy is also implicated in sudden unexplained deaths in otherwise healthy young people--the ‘dead in bed syndrome’. In adults, cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy is an independent predictor of mortality, predominantly due to cardiovascular disease, nephropathy, and hypoglycemia. While overt autonomic neuropathy is rare in childhood and adolescence, subclinical signs of autonomic dysfunction are common, and can be found soon after diabetes diagnosis. Risk factors for autonomic neuropathy in young people include diabetes duration, poor glycemic control, and presence of aldose reductase gene (AKR1B1) polymorphisms, specifically the Z-2/Z-2 genotype. Autonomic dysfunction is accelerated by puberty. FAU - Tang, Melissa
Diet, obesity, and metabolic control in girls with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether girls with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) were more overweight than nondiabetic girls, and how diet, insulin treatment, metabolic control, age, and pubertal status were related to body weight and fat content. DESIGN: Case-control study. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: 48 IDDM girls aged 10-19 years and controls matched for age and social class participated in the study. Overweight was assessed by body mass index (BMI), relative weight, and body fat from skinfold thicknesses. Food consumption data were collected by a 48 hour recall method. RESULTS: The girls with IDDM were more overweight than control girls according to all measures of obesity (for example, mean BMI 20.3 v 18.9 kg/m2). The daily insulin dose/body weight correlated positively with BMI and per cent body fat. CONCLUSIONS: Girls with IDDM are more overweight than their peers, which indicates that a more effective prevention of obesity is needed in the treatment of diabetes. FAU - Pietiläinen, K H
How to apply the experience from the diabetes control and complications trial to children and adolescents?$$$ The Diabetes Control and Complications Trial (DCCT) taught us to set target blood glucose (BG) and glycohaemoglobin (GHb) goals, to ensure safety regarding hypoglycaemia, to be flexible with insulin and meal planning and to offer frequent contact with diabetes educators, dieticians, psychologists and social workers as well as with diabetologists skilled in intensified management. Insulin dosage should be individualized based upon frequent BG monitoring results. Co-ordinated multidisciplinary health care teams provide optimum problem-solving rather than disaster control working with children, adolescents and their families. The patient and the family should form the central core of the diabetes team with outpatient follow-up every month and frequent telephone contact between visits. GHb should be obtained at least every 1-2 months to provide feedback as based on the DCCT intensified treatment cohort. Insulin lispro helps minimize hypoglycaemia and makes insulin administration more convenient and timely. Barriers to improvement should be identified: learning problems, concomitant significant illnesses (epilepsy, coeliac and thyroid disease, asthma) and family problems. Ensure age-appropriate transfer of self-care but continue adult supervision. Educate, motivate and re-educate. Meal planning includes not only carbohydrate counting but also maintaining normal lipids and energy needs for growth and development as well as strategies for activity compensation and hypoglycaemia prevention. Consideration of protein restriction may be required in adolescents with microalbuminuria. Individualized multidose insulin algorithms allow reactive (corrective) decisions based upon capillary BG results plus proactive (anticipatory) decisions to compensate for expected BG changes from changes in activity, food and/or illness using a multidose insulin schedule. The number of insulin injections does not define an intensified insulin treatment programme but rather the ability to target and achieve near-normal BG values as often as possible - without severe episodes of hypoglycaemia. Self BG monitoring is a key to success. Long-term monitoring should include not only frequent GHb but also at least annual fasting lipids, thyroid functions and microalbuminuria as well as dilated retinal exams, blood pressure, growth charting and Tanner staging. FAU - Brink, S J
Lin28a transgenic mice manifest size and puberty phenotypes identified in human genetic association studies.$$$ Recently, genome-wide association studies have implicated the human LIN28B locus in regulating height and the timing of menarche. LIN28B and its homolog LIN28A are functionally redundant RNA-binding proteins that block biogenesis of let-7 microRNAs. lin-28 and let-7 were discovered in Caenorhabditis elegans as heterochronic regulators of larval and vulval development but have recently been implicated in cancer, stem cell aging and pluripotency. The let-7 targets Myc, Kras, Igf2bp1 and Hmga2 are known regulators of mammalian body size and metabolism. To explore the function of the Lin28-Let-7 pathway in vivo, we engineered transgenic mice to express Lin28a and observed in them increased body size, crown-rump length and delayed onset of puberty. Investigation of metabolic and endocrine mechanisms of overgrowth in these transgenic mice revealed increased glucose metabolism and insulin sensitivity. Here we report a mouse that models the human phenotypes associated with genetic variation in the Lin28-Let-7 pathway. FAU - Zhu, Hao
Distinct Patterns of Daily Glucose Variability by Pubertal Status in Youth With Type 1 Diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate glycemia and metrics of glucose variability in youth with type 1 diabetes, and to assess patterns of 24-h glucose variability according to pubertal status. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Metrics of glycemia, glucose variability, and glucose patterns were assessed by using 4 weeks of continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) data from 107 youth aged 8-17 years with type 1 diabetes for ≥1 year. Glucose values per hour were expressed as percentages relative to the mean glucose over 24 h for a 4-week period. Glucose data were compared on the basis of pubertal status-prepubertal (Tanner stage [T] 1), pubertal (T2-4), and postpubertal (T5)-and A1C categories (<7.5% [<58 mmol/mol], ≥7.5% [≥58 mmol/mol]). RESULTS: Youth (50% female, 95% white) had a mean ± SD age of 13.1 ± 2.6 years, diabetes duration of 6.3 ± 3.5 years, and A1C of 7.8 ± 0.8% (62 ± 9 mmol/mol); 88% were pump treated. Prepubertal youth had a higher mean glucose SD (86 ± 12 mg/dL [4.8 ± 0.7 mmol/L]; P = 0.01) and coefficient of variation (CV) (43 ± 5%; P = 0.06) than did pubertal (SD 79 ± 13 mg/dL [4.4 ± 0.7 mmol/L]; CV 41 ± 5%) and postpubertal (SD 77 ± 14 mg/dL [4.3 ± 0.8 mmol/L]; CV 40 ± 5%) youth. Over 24 h, prepubertal youth had the largest excursions from mean glucose and the highest CV across most hours compared with pubertal and postpubertal youth. Across all youth, CV was strongly correlated with the percentage of time with glucose <70 mg/dL (<3.9 mmol/L) (r = 0.79; P < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: Prepubertal youth had greater glucose variability independent of A1C than did pubertal and postpubertal youth. A1C alone does not capture the full range of glycemic parameters, highlighting the added insight of CGM in managing youth with type 1 diabetes.
Age at Menarche and Incidence of Diabetes: A Prospective Study of 300,000 Women in China.$$$ Previous studies of predominantly Western populations have reported inconsistent associations between age at menarche and risk of diabetes. We examined this relationship among Chinese women, who generally experience menarche at a later age than Western women. In 2004-2008, China Kadoorie Biobank recruited 302,632 women aged 30-79 years from 10 areas across China, and recorded 5,391 incident cases of diabetes during 7 years of follow-up among 270,345 women without baseline diabetes, cardiovascular disease or cancer. Cox regression models yielded adjusted hazard ratios for incident diabetes associated with age at menarche. Overall, the mean age at menarche was 15.4 years, and decreased across successive generations. Age at menarche was linearly and inversely associated with incident diabetes, with adjusted hazard ratio of 0.96 (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.94, 0.97) per year delay. Hazard ratios were greater in younger generations (for women born in the 1960s-1970s, hazard ratio (HR) = 0.93, 95% CI: 0.90, 0.97; for women born in the 1950s, HR = 0.95, 95% CI: 0.93, 0.98; and for women born in the 1920s-1940s, HR = 0.97, 95% CI: 0.95, 0.99). Further adjustment for adulthood body mass index significantly attenuated the association (HR = 0.99, 95% CI: 0.97, 1.00), especially among those born before 1950 (HR = 1.00, 95% CI: 0.97, 1.02). Much of the inverse association between age at menarche and incident diabetes was mediated through increased adiposity associated with early menarche, especially in older generations.
Pubertal muscle mass and diabetes markers in Chinese adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Diabetes is common in China despite a relatively nonobese population. We hypothesized that testosterone driven muscle mass acquisition at puberty may be relevant. We examined the associations of testosterone with muscle mass and of muscle mass with fasting glucose in Chinese adolescents. METHODS: In 40 adolescents (20 boys and 20 girls, age 12.9 ± 0.1 years) from Hong Kong's "Children of 1997" birth cohort, we used multivariable linear regression to assess adjusted associations of testosterone and fasting glucose (from a morning blood sample) with muscle and fat mass from a dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry scan. RESULTS: Testosterone was positively associated with muscle mass (0.05 kg, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.01 to 0.09, per pg/ml testosterone). Muscle mass was associated with lower glucose (-0.04 mmol/l, 95% CI -0.08 to -0.01 per kg muscle mass) adjusted for sex and fat mass. CONCLUSIONS: Environmentally driven muscle mass acquisition at puberty could influence diabetes.
Initial insulin therapy in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study was to define parameters that influence the initial insulin dosage in young subjects with type 1 diabetes regarding the amount of daily insulin, the ratios of basal and prandial insulin, and the insulin/carbohydrate ratios. STUDY DESIGN: We used a computer-based registry (with prospectively collected data) in Germany and Austria, a software for the management and data documentation of diabetic patients (DPV), to analyze the initial insulin therapy in 2247 children with newly diagnosed type 1 diabetes to identify factors that influence diabetes therapy within the first 10 d. RESULTS: For both genders, glucosylated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), blood pH at diabetes onset, and pubertal status are the major factors determining the initial insulin dosage calculated as the amount of daily insulin per kilogram body weight (kg), the basal and prandial insulin dose per kilogram, and day and the insulin/carbohydrate ratios for meals. The frequency of hypoglycemia correlated with increasing quotient of applied to calculated insulin dosage. CONCLUSION: The predictive factors of insulin requirement may exert beneficial effects on the assessment and adjustment of insulin therapy in young diabetic subjects at disease onset. On the basis of a multiple, linear regression, we suggest a formula to calculate the initial insulin therapy. FAU - Weitzel, Dieter
Age at Menarche and Risk of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Prospective Cohort Study Among 27,482 Women.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine the association between age at menarche and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A prospective cohort study of 42,109 eligible pregnancies from 27,482 women in the Nurses' Health Study II. RESULTS: The adjusted risk ratios for GDM across the age at menarche categories (≤11, 12, 13, and ≥14 years) were 1.34 (95% CI 1.14-1.58), 1.13 (0.97-1.31), 1.11 (0.95-1.29), and 1.00 (referent; P for trend = 0.0005), respectively. Analysis of the mediating effect indicated that 42.1% (P = 0.0007) of the association was mediated through prepregnancy BMI. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggested that earlier menarche was significantly associated with an increased risk of GDM. This association was largely mediated through prepregnancy excessive body adiposity.
Age at menarche and its association with dysglycemia in Korean middle-aged women.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Recent studies have demonstrated that earlier menarche is associated with increased risks of prediabetes and diabetes in white women; however, the associations have not been fully explored in Asian populations. We investigated the associations between age at menarche and prediabetes and/or diabetes in Korean middle-aged women. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study of 2,039 premenopausal and postmenopausal women aged 44 to 56 years who visited the health promotion center for medical checkups. Participants were divided into three groups based on age at menarche: early (<13 y), average (13-16 y), and late (>16 y). RESULTS: The mean (SD) age at menarche was 14.6 (1.6) years. Of 2,039 women, 820 and 85 women had prediabetes (impaired fasting glucose and/or 5.7%-6.4% glycated hemoglobin) and diabetes, respectively. On logistic regression analysis, earlier menarche was significantly associated with prediabetes (odds ratio [OR], 1.80; 95% CI, 1.24-2.61; P = 0.002), diabetes (OR, 2.43; 95% CI, 1.04-5.69; P = 0.04), and dysglycemia (OR, 1.85; 95% CI, 1.28-2.66; P = 0.001), after adjusting for a number of confounding factors, compared with average age at menarche. On linear regression analysis, earlier age at menarche was significantly associated with increased fasting insulin, homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance, homeostatic model assessment for β-cell function, body mass index, and waist circumference. CONCLUSIONS: Age at menarche is inversely associated with various forms of dysglycemia. A history of earlier menarche may be helpful in predicting prediabetes and subsequent diabetes in Korean women. FAU - Baek, Tae-Hwa
Determination of Pubertal Status in Youths With Type 1 Diabetes Using Height Velocity and Trajectories.$$$ CONTEXT: Assessment of pubertal change is important for the management of chronic pediatric diseases, such as type 1 diabetes. Physical and/or laboratory assessments of pubertal status are often unavailable, impractical, or costly. OBJECTIVE: To develop and validate a practical and objective method to assess pubertal status using longitudinal linear growth in youths with type 1 diabetes. DESIGN, PARTICIPANTS, AND OUTCOME MEASUREMENTS: Participants (n = 123) were part of a 2-year study assessing continuous glucose monitoring in youths with type 1 diabetes at a tertiary diabetes center. Pubertal status at visits was assigned by a tiered approach using clinical Tanner staging or indicators of pubertal maturation from the electronic medical record when available. For other visits, independent evaluations of height velocities and growth chart trajectories provided data for pubertal status assignments. Sensitivity analysis confirmed the validity of the pubertal status assignments. RESULTS: The sample (50% female, 95% white) had a mean ± SD age of 12.7 ± 2.7 years, diabetes duration of 6.0 ± 3.6 years, and hemoglobin A1c of 7.9 ± 0.8%. Of 985 study visits, 50% received a pubertal status assignment based on clinical Tanner staging, 29% on additional medical record review, and 22% on an evaluation of height velocity and growth chart trajectory. For the sensitivity analysis, pubertal status assignments based on height velocity and growth chart trajectory matched clinical Tanner staging in 87% of visits. CONCLUSIONS: Our practical and objective method to assess pubertal status based on height velocity and growth chart trajectory highlights growth as a reliable and objective bioassay for pubertal onset, status, and progression. FAU - Zhu, Jia
Nationwide cross-sectional survey of 3560 children and adolescents with diabetes in Italy.$$$ Clinical characteristics and metabolic control in a large cohort of children with Type 1 diabetes (T1DM) were evaluated. Fifty-three Italian centers for childhood diabetes collected blood samples and clinical records from 3560 consecutive eligible patients aged 1.6-17.10 yr with disease duration >12 months. HbA1c determinations were centralized in a Diabetes Control and Complications Trial-controlled laboratory. HbA1c grand mean was 8.87 +/- 1.77%. Thirty-two percent of the patients had HbA1c values <8.0%. Puberty and disease duration were the main determinants of increase in HbA1c levels (<0.001). HbA1c values were inversely correlated to the frequency of blood glucose monitoring (p<0.001). Among the total population, 53.7% of the patients had 4 or more injections per day, 37.8% three injections, 7.4% < or =2 injections and only 1.1% was on pumps. Daily number of injections increased with age (p<0.001). Hypoglycemia episodes were reported in 17.6% patient-years and diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) in 1.0% of children, more frequently in those with HbA1c >8.8% (p<0.02). Two thirds of Italian children with T1DM have HbA1c>8% despite regionalized centers, multidisciplinary team approach, free access to appropriate diabetes care, education, frequent blood glucose monitoring and multiple insulin injections. FAU - Vanelli, M
Prenatal and infant exposures and age at menarche.$$$ BACKGROUND: Early menarche is related to increased risk of breast cancer. The number of established factors that contribute to early menarche is limited. We studied prenatal and infant exposures in relation to age at menarche in a nationwide cohort of women who have a family history of breast cancer. METHODS: The study comprised 33,501 women in the Sister Study who were 35-59 years of age at baseline (2003-2009). We used polytomous logistic regression to estimate separate relative risk ratios (rRRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for associations of self-reported exposures with menarche at ≤10, 11, 14, and ≥15 years relative to menarche at 12-13 years. RESULTS: Early menarche (≤10 or 11 years) was associated with having low birth weight, having had a teenage mother, being firstborn, and specific prenatal exposures: mother's smoking, diethylstilbestrol (DES), prepregnancy diabetes, and pregnancy-related hypertensive disorder. Prenatal exposures most strongly associated with very early menarche (≤10 years) were DES (rRR = 1.56 [95% CI = 1.24-1.96]), maternal prepregnancy diabetes (2.24 [1.37-3.68]), and pregnancy-related hypertensive disorder (1.45 [1.18-1.79]). Soy formula was associated with both very early menarche (1.21 [0.94-1.54]) and late menarche (14 years: 1.17 [0.98-1.40] or ≥15 years: 1.28 [1.06-1.56]). CONCLUSIONS: Although menarche is only one marker of pubertal development, it is a commonly used surrogate. The observed associations of prenatal DES and soy formula exposure with age at menarche are consistent with animal data on exogenous estrogens and pubertal timing. Early-life exposures may confound associations between age at menarche and hormonally dependent outcomes in adults. FAU - D'Aloisio, Aimee A
Longitudinal study on pubertal insulin resistance.$$$ Previous cross-sectional studies show that puberty is associated with a reduction in insulin sensitivity (S(I)), but no longitudinal studies have examined this change in detail. This study is a longitudinal study in 60 children (33 male and 27 female subjects; 32 Caucasian and 28 African-American) examined at Tanner stage I (age 9.2 +/- 1.4 years) and after 2.0 +/- 0.6 years of follow-up, by which time 29 children remained at Tanner stage I and 31 had progressed to Tanner stage III or IV. Tanner stage was assessed by physical examination. S(I), the acute insulin response (AIR), and the disposition index (DI) were determined by the tolbutamide-modified intravenous glucose tolerance test and minimal modeling, body fat mass was assessed by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, visceral fat was determined by computed tomography, and fasting blood was analyzed for hormone levels. In children progressing to Tanner stage III, S(I) fell significantly by 32% (4.4 +/- 3.0 to 3.0 +/- 1.7 x 10(-4)min(-1)/[microIU/ml]), AIR increased by 30%, DI fell by 27%, and there was a significant increase in fasting glucose (93.5 +/- 5.0 to 97.0 +/- 4.1 mg/dl) and insulin (14.3 +/- 8.1 to 18.6 +/- 11.0 microIU/ml). In children remaining at Tanner stage I, there was a slight increase in S(I) (6.4 +/- 3.1 to 7.4 +/- 3.5 x 10(-4)min(-1)/[microIU/ml]) with no significant change in AIR or fasting glucose and insulin. The pubertal fall in S(I) was more consistent in African-Americans; remained significant after controlling for age, sex, and change in fat mass, visceral fat, and fat-free mass; and was similar in children at low, medium, and high body fat. Change in S(I) was not significantly related to change in fasting hormone levels, but change in AIR was significantly related to change in androstendione (r = 0.39; P = 0.04). Pubertal transition from Tanner stage I to Tanner stage III was associated with a 32% reduction in S(I,) and increases in fasting glucose, insulin, and AIR. These changes were similar across sex, ethnicity, and obesity. The significant fall in DI suggests conservation in beta-cell function or an inadequate beta-cell response to the fall in S(I). The fall in S(I) was not associated with changes in body fat, visceral fat, IGF-I, androgens, or estradiol. FAU - Goran, M I
Age at menarche and type 2 diabetes risk: the EPIC-InterAct study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Younger age at menarche, a marker of pubertal timing in girls, is associated with higher risk of later type 2 diabetes. We aimed to confirm this association and to examine whether it is explained by adiposity. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: The prospective European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC)-InterAct case-cohort study consists of 12,403 incident type 2 diabetes cases and a stratified subcohort of 16,154 individuals from 26 research centers across eight European countries. We tested the association between age at menarche and incident type 2 diabetes using Prentice-weighted Cox regression in 15,168 women (n = 5,995 cases). Models were adjusted in a sequential manner for potential confounding and mediating factors, including adult BMI. RESULTS: Mean menarcheal age ranged from 12.6 to 13.6 years across InterAct countries. Each year later menarche was associated with 0.32 kg/m2 lower adult BMI. Women in the earliest menarche quintile (8-11 years, n = 2,418) had 70% higher incidence of type 2 diabetes compared with those in the middle quintile (13 years, n = 3,634), adjusting for age at recruitment, research center, and a range of lifestyle and reproductive factors (hazard ratio [HR], 1.70; 95% CI, 1.49-1.94; P < 0.001). Adjustment for BMI partially attenuated this association (HR, 1.42; 95% CI, 1.18-1.71; P < 0.001). Later menarche beyond the median age was not protective against type 2 diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Women with history of early menarche have higher risk of type 2 diabetes in adulthood. Less than half of this association appears to be mediated by higher adult BMI, suggesting that early pubertal development also may directly increase type 2 diabetes risk. FAU - Elks, Cathy E
Relationship between fatty liver and glucose metabolism: a cross-sectional study in 571 obese children.$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Early onset type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is associated with obesity, insulin resistance and impaired beta-cell function. Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) may be an independent risk factor for T2DM. We investigated the relationship between NAFLD and glucose metabolism in a large sample of obese children. METHODS AND RESULTS: A total of 571 obese children (57% males and 43% females) aged 8-18 years were consecutively studied at a tertiary care centre specialised in paediatric obesity. Liver ultrasonography was used to diagnose NAFLD after exclusion of hepatitis B and C and alcohol consumption. Oral-glucose tolerance testing (OGTT) was performed; insulin sensitivity was evaluated by using the insulin sensitivity index (ISI) and beta-cell function by using the ratio between the incremental areas under the curve (AUC) of insulin and glucose (incAUCins/incAUCglu). A total of 41% of the obese children had NAFLD. Impaired glucose tolerance or T2DM was present in 25% of the children with NAFLD versus 8% of those without it (p<0.001). Children with NAFLD had higher body mass index (BMI), fasting glucose, 120-min OGTT glucose, incAUCins/incAUCglu and lower ISI as compared with children without NAFLD (p≤0.002). At bootstrapped multivariable median regression analysis controlling for gender, age, pubertal status and BMI, NAFLD was an independent predictor of 120-min OGTT glucose and ISI, but not of incAUCins/incAUCglu. Similar findings were obtained using continuous liver steatosis as the predictor, instead of dichotomous NAFLD. CONCLUSION: NAFLD was present in 41% of our obese children and was associated with higher insulin resistance, but not with impaired beta-cell function.
Unmitigated communion and health among adolescents with and without diabetes: the mediating role of eating disturbances.$$$ The authors examined the implications of unmitigated communion--a focus on others to the exclusion of the self--for psychological and physical health among adolescents with (n = 132) and without (n = 131) diabetes times/during a 1-year period. Unmitigated communion predicted greater psychological distress and lower levels of competence cross-sectionally and longitudinally, controlling for sex, pubertal status, and communion. Health status moderated some longitudinal relations, such that relations held only for adolescents with diabetes. In addition, unmitigated communion was associated with poor metabolic control and predicted a deterioration in metabolic control over the year for adolescents with diabetes. Unmitigated communion also was associated with disturbed eating behavior cross-sectionally and longitudinally, and disturbed eating behavior explained some of the relations of unmitigated communion to psychological but not physical health outcomes. FAU - Helgeson, Vicki S
Associations Between Maternal Pregravid Obesity and Gestational Diabetes and the Timing of Pubarche in Daughters.$$$ We investigated whether in utero exposure to maternal pregravid obesity and/or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was associated with early puberty in girls. We used data from a longitudinal study of 421 mother-daughter pairs enrolled in an integrated health services organization, Kaiser Permanente Northern California (2005-2012). Girls aged 6-8 years were followed annually through ages 12-14 years. Onset of puberty was assessed using study clinic-based Tanner staging. We examined associations of self-reported pregravid obesity and maternal GDM with timing of the daughter's transition to pubertal maturation stage 2 or above for development of breasts and pubic hair, using accelerated failure time regression models with interval censoring to estimate time ratios and hazard ratios and corresponding 95% confidence intervals. Maternal obesity (pregravid body mass index (BMI; weight (kg)/height (m)(2)) ≥30) was associated with a daughter's earlier transition to breast and pubic hair stage 2+ in comparison with girls whose mothers had pregravid BMI <25. These associations were attenuated and not statistically significant after adjustment for covariates. Girls whose mothers had both pregravid BMI ≥25 and GDM were at higher risk of an earlier transition to pubic hair stage 2+ than those whose mothers had neither condition (adjusted time ratio = 0.89, 95% confidence interval: 0.83, 0.96; hazard ratio = 2.97, 95% confidence interval: 1.52, 5.83). These findings suggest that exposure to maternal obesity and hyperglycemia places girls at higher risk of earlier pubarche.
Association Between Age at Menarche and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: The Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health.$$$ In this study, we aimed to examine the association between age at menarche and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Data were from 4,749 women participating in the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health between 2000 and 2012. Age at menarche was reported at baseline in 2000 when women were aged 22-27 years. During 12 years of follow-up, information on GDM diagnosis was obtained for each live birth. Log-binomial regression analysis was used to estimate relative risks and 95% confidence intervals. Analyses adjusted for mother's highest completed educational qualification, nulliparity, polycystic ovary syndrome, physical activity, and body mass index. Mean age at menarche was 12.9 years (standard deviation, 1.4). A first diagnosis of GDM was reported by 357 women (7.5%). Compared with women with menarche at age 13 years, women who had their first menstruation at age ≤11 years had a 51% higher risk of developing GDM (95% confidence interval: 1.10, 2.07) after adjustment for GDM risk factors. Our findings indicate that a young age at menarche may identify women at higher risk of GDM. Further prospective studies are needed to confirm our findings and to elucidate the role of early-life exposures in age at menarche and subsequent GDM risk.
Age at menarche and menstrual irregularities of adolescents with type 1 diabetes.$$$ STUDY OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study was to investigate the age at menarche and menstrual irregularities in adolescents with type 1 diabetes. DESIGN: This was an aged-matched, controlled study. SETTING: The study was done in the diabetes center of a children's hospital in Athens and in high schools in major regions of central Greece. PARTICIPANTS: The study involved two groups: a group of 100 female adolescents, 12 to 18 years of age, with type 1 diabetes; and a control group of 225 healthy adolescents, matched for age. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The relationship between age at menarche and menstrual irregularities was studied. RESULTS: The mean age at menarche differed significantly in the two groups (P=0.000). In particular, the mean age at menarche in the study group was 12.2 years (+/- 1.4) and in the control group it was 11.7 years old (+/- 1.2). The mean age of menarche was older in the subgroup of adolescents who had received a diagnosis of diabetes before the age of 10 than it was in those diagnosed after the age of 10. CONCLUSIONS: Menarche was observed to be delayed in adolescents with type 1 diabetes who had been diagnosed before the age of 10 in comparison with those diagnosed after the age of 10. Menstrual irregularities were found to be more common in adolescents with type 1 diabetes than in healthy ones.
Sexual dimorphism in growth and insulin-like growth factor-I in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Impaired linear growth and reduced IGF-I levels in children with type 1 diabetes (T1DM) have been related to poor metabolic control. The aim of this study was to identify additional factors which may negatively affect growth and IGF system in patients with T1DM. DESIGN: Ninety-one T1DM children (54 males, age=: 11.73±3years, disease duration=5.6±2.1years) were studied. All children were on intensive insulin therapy: 62 children were on multiple injection therapy (MI) and 29 children on continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII). RESULTS: Height velocity (HV) SDS and IGF-I levels were higher in females and in pubertal children [HV SDS: females=0.6±2.4 vs males=-0.45±2.3 (p=0.04); IGF-I SDS: females=-1.09±0.58 vs males=-1.4±0.6 (p=0.02); IGF-I/IGFBP-3 molar ratio: females=0.25±0.1 vs males=0.21±0.08 (p=0.04); IGF-I SDS: pre-pubertal=-1.58±0.46 vs pubertal=-1.15±0.65 (p<0.001); IGF-I/IGFBP-3 molar ratio: pre-pubertal=0.16±0.08 vs pubertal=0.26±0.09 (p<0.001)]. No differences between children on CSII or MI therapy were found. IGF-I SDS was positively related to C peptide level (p<0.001), puberty (p<0.001) and female gender (p=0.02) and negatively related to HbA1c (p=0.04). IGF-I/IGFBP-3 molar ratio was positively affected by C peptide level (p<0.001), puberty (p<0.001) and daily insulin dose (p<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Our results indicate that despite intensive insulin therapy, T1DM still negatively affects IGF-I secretion and linear growth. Growth impairment is more severe in males and primarily related to poor glycemic control and loss of the residual beta cell mass.
Pubertal changes of insulin sensitivity, acute insulin response, and β-cell function in overweight Latino youth.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine changes in insulin sensitivity (SI), compensatory acute insulin response (AIR), and β-cell function/disposition index (DI) across puberty in overweight Latino boys and girls. STUDY DESIGN: Latino children (n = 253) were followed annually for up to 5 years. Longitudinal modeling was used to examine changes in SI, AIR, DI, and fasting and 2-hour glucose and insulin across Tanner stage. RESULTS: In boys, SI decreased in early puberty with a recovery by late puberty. The compensatory increase in AIR was appropriate in early maturation, but after Tanner stage 3, AIR declined by more than that predicted from the recovery in SI. For girls, SI decreased in early puberty and across all stages of maturation. In early maturation, there was an appropriate compensatory increase in AIR, but after Tanner stage 3, AIR decreased. Thus, DI deteriorated across puberty in boys and girls. CONCLUSIONS: In overweight Hispanic youth, compensatory changes in insulin secretion fails after Tanner stage 3 in both sexes, indicating β-cell deterioration during this critical period of development, thus increasing risk for type 2 diabetes.
Characteristics of Turkish children with Type 2 diabetes at onset: a multicentre, cross-sectional study.$$$ AIMS: To describe the baseline clinical and laboratory findings and treatment modalities of 367 children and adolescents diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes in various paediatric endocrinology centres in Turkey. METHODS: A standard questionnaire regarding clinical and laboratory characteristics at onset was uploaded to an online national database system. Data for 367 children (aged 6-18 years) newly diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes at 37 different paediatric endocrinology centres were analysed. RESULTS: After exclusion of the children with a BMI Z-score < 1 SD, those with genetic syndromes associated with Type 2 diabetes, and those whose C-peptide and/or insulin levels were not available, 227 cases were included in the study. Mean age was 13.8 ± 2.2 (range 6.5-17.8) years, with female preponderance (68%). Family history of Type 2 diabetes was positive in 86% of the children. The mean BMI was 31.3 ± 6.5 kg/m(2) (range 18.7-61) and BMI Z-score was 2.4 ± 0.8 (range 1-5). More than half (57%) of the children were identified by an opportunistic diabetes screening due to existing risk markers without typical symptoms of diabetes. Only 13% (n = 29) were treated solely by lifestyle modification, while 40.5% (n = 92) were treated with metformin, 13% (n = 30) were treated with insulin, and 33.5% (n = 76) were treated with a combination of insulin and metformin initially. Mean HbA(1C) levels of the insulin and combination of insulin and metformin groups were 98 (11.1%) and 102 mmol/mol (11.5%), respectively, and also were significantly higher than the lifestyle modification only and metformin groups mean HbA(1C) levels (70(8.6%) and 67 mmol/mol (8.3%), respectively). CONCLUSIONS: An opportunistic screening of children who are at high risk of Type 2 diabetes is essential, as our data showed that > 50% of the children were asymptomatic at diagnosis. The other important result of our study was the high rate of exclusion from the initial registration (38%), suggesting that accurate diagnosis of Type 2 diabetes in youth is still problematic, even for paediatric endocrinologists.
Development and linear growth in diabetic children receiving insulin pigment.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to ascertain if there are differences in the development and linear growth between a group of diabetic children who had been receiving insulin pigment and healthy children. METHODS: A total of 57 Chinese children with type 1 diabetes diagnosed at the age from 6 to 10 years old (26 boys and 31 girls) were included in the study. Their height and weight and development conditions were recorded until they reached their 18th birthday. RESULTS: Diabetic children were taller than healthy children at the onset of diabetes, even though there was no significant difference between them [male height standard deviation score (SDS): 0.34 +/- 0.93, female height SDS: 0.38 +/- 0.50]. When they reached their final height, they were slightly shorter than the healthy group. However, there were still no significant differences between these two groups (male height SDS: -0.42 +/- 0.95, female height SDS: -0.60 +/- 0.98). The median age at onset of puberty, 12.62 years in boys and 11.13 years in girls, was significantly delayed in diabetic boys compared to 10.55 years in healthy boys and 9.2 years in healthy girls. The median age at menarche in diabetic girls (14.15 years) was also delayed compared with 12.27 years in healthy girls. The majority of these diabetic children were thinner than the healthy children when they were diagnosed [male body mass index (BMI): 14.45 +/- 1.35 kg/m2 vs. 16.08 +/- 0.59 kg/m2, t = -0.63, p < 0.05; female BMI: 13.50 +/- 1.87 kg/m2 vs. 15.46 +/- 0.45 kg/m2, t = -6.67, p < 0.05]; however, as they reached their final height, they became fatter, especially the girls (male BMI: 21.43 +/- 1.62 kg/m2 vs. 20.8 +/- 0.00 kg/m2, t = 1.97, p > 0.05; female BMI: 23.95 +/- 2.37 kg/m2 vs. 20.3 +/- 0.00 kg/m2, t = 8.60, p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Even with well-controlled glucose levels, the development of children with diabetes who had been receiving insulin pigment were still adversely affected. However, linear growth had only been slightly affected. All patients, especially girls, became fatter when they reached their final height. FAU - Mao, Li
Menarche in type 1 diabetes is still delayed despite good metabolic control.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To analyze the age at menarche of girls with type 1 diabetes (T1D) who were diagnosed with the disease before puberty and compare it with that of an age-matched group of normal girls. Previous studies on the appearance of menarche showed that the mean age of onset of menarche is delayed in girls affected by T1D compared with normal girls. DESIGN: Case-control study. SETTING: Patients and controls in an academic research environment. PATIENT(S): We studied, retrospectively, the charts of 162 consecutive girls with T1D born in a geographically defined region between 1984 and 1994 with a mean disease duration of 3-5 years, all of whom were on intensive insulin therapy since diagnosis of T1D. The control group consisted of 214 normal girls born between 1984 and 1994, who agreed to fill in an anonymous questionnaire regarding age at menarche and other clinical information. INTERVENTION(S): There was no intervention per se in the study. Age at menarche appears as a dependent variable of body mass index (BMI), HbA1c, and so on. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): BMI, HbA1c, and duration of T1D at menarche were considered among the potential factors affecting the age of menarche. RESULT(S): Age at menarche in girls with T1D was significantly delayed compared with control girls (12.6 +/- 1.5 years vs. 12.25 +/- 1.4 years, respectively). HbA1c levels and BMI did not influence the age at menarche. CONCLUSION(S): Despite intensive insulin therapy and good metabolic control since diagnosis of T1D, the age at menarche is still delayed in girls who develop T1D before puberty. FAU - Picardi, Antonio
The prevalence of dyslipidemia and associated factors in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes.$$$ BACKGROUND: Dyslipidemia increases the frequency and severity of micro and macrovascular complications of type 1 diabetes (T1D). The present study aims to determine the prevalence of dyslipidemia and its association with clinical and laboratory findings in diabetic children and adolescents. METHODS: The study included 202 children and adolescents with T1D. Demographic data and laboratory findings were obtained from patients files. RESULTS: Dyslipidemia prevalence was found to be 26.2%. Hypercholesterolemia (15.8%) and hyperglyceridemia (12.9%) were most common findings. Age, body mass index (BMI), hemoglobin A1c (A1C) and poor metabolic control were significantly higher in cases with dyslipidemia. Smoking rate was 14.1% in the pubertal group. Poor metabolic control and dyslipidemia was found higher among smokers (p<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Blood lipid levels should be monitored regularly and nutrition education should be repeated periodically to prevent and control dyslipidemia in patients with T1D. Smoking-related risks should be a part of patient education in the pubertal period. FAU - Bulut, Tuba
Parental Obesity and Offspring Pubertal Development: Project Viva.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association of preconception parental obesity (body mass index [BMI] ≥30 kg/m(2)) with offspring pubertal development. STUDY DESIGN: Among 1377 children from a prospective prebirth cohort in Boston, we examined markers of puberty (age at peak height velocity [PHV], age at menarche, self-reported pubertal development score), and adrenarche (pictograph Tanner pubic hair staging). We used multivariable regression models to examine associations of maternal and paternal obesity with offspring pubertal indices, and applied marginal structural models to estimate the controlled direct effect not mediated by offspring prepubertal BMI. RESULTS: The prevalence of paternal obesity alone, maternal obesity alone, and biparental obesity were 10.5%, 10.1%, and 5%, respectively. After adjusting for demographic and socioeconomic factors, parental heights and maternal age at menarche, maternal obesity alone (vs neither parent with obesity) was associated with earlier age at PHV (β -0.30 years; 95% CI -0.57, -0.03) and higher early adolescent pubertal score (0.29 units; 0.10, 0.48) in boys, but not with pubertal or adrenarchal outcomes in girls. Paternal obesity alone was not associated with any outcomes in either boys or girls. Biparental obesity was associated with earlier age at PHV in boys and earlier menarche in girls. Using marginal structural models with stabilized inverse probability weighting, maternal obesity alone had significant controlled direct effects on age at PHV (-0.31 years; -0.62, 0.00) and on pubertal score (0.22 units; 0.00, 0.44) in boys, independent of prepubertal BMI. CONCLUSION: Maternal, but not paternal, obesity is associated with earlier pubertal development in boys, and such association is independent of prepubertal BMI.
Glucose Metabolism Evaluated by Glycated Hemoglobin and Insulin Sensitivity Indices in Children Treated with Recombinant Human Growth Hormone.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate glucose metabolism and insulin sensitivity in children with idiopathic growth hormone (GH) deficiency, treated with recombinant human GH (rhGH), and to identify possible risk factors for the development of glucose abnormalities in this population. METHODS: We retrospectively collected data from 101 patients (60 males, median age 10.4 years, 77 prepubertal), with confirmed GH deficiency, enrolled before starting rhGH and followed up during the first three years of treatment. Glucose metabolism was evaluated annually by oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and glycated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c). OGTT was used to calculate insulin sensitivity (HOMA-S) and insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), defined as HOMA-IR >3. RESULTS: RhGH was effective in improving growth and dosages significantly reduced after the first year of therapy. No patient developed diabetes mellitus. After one year of therapy, a significant increase in HbA1c (p=0.0042) and insulin levels (fasting p<0.0001, 60 min p=0.0018, 120 min p=0.0003) was observed, with a higher prevalence of IR (p<0.05). These indices did not alter further during the follow-up and were not related to GH dose or to family history of diabetes. A significant correlation was found only for IR indices and pubertal status, weight and age (p<0.05). CONCLUSION: In this retrospective study on a large GH deficient pediatric population, conventional use of replacement therapy resulted in an increase in HbA1c and IR after one year of therapy, regardless of rhGH dosage. These alterations did not worsen significantly in the following two years and were not associated with overt diabetes. FAU - Pellegrin, Maria Chiara
Ghrelin and Peptide YY Change During Puberty: Relationships With Adolescent Growth, Development, and Obesity.$$$ CONTEXT: Pubertal adolescents show strong appetites. How this is mediated is unclear, but ghrelin and peptide YY (PYY) play potentially important roles. OBJECTIVE: To measure ghrelin and PYY change in relation to pubertal growth. DESIGN: Three-year prospective cohort study. SETTING: Australian regional community. PARTICIPANTS: Eighty healthy adolescents (26 girls; 54 boys) recruited at 10 to 13 years. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Fasting circulating total ghrelin, total PYY, IGF-1, insulin, leptin (via radioimmunoassay), estradiol and testosterone (via mass spectrometry), anthropometry, and body composition (via bioelectrical impedance). RESULTS: Adolescents exhibited normal developmental change. Mixed models revealed positive associations for ghrelin to age2 (both sexes: P < 0.05), indicating a U-shaped trend over time. Ghrelin was also inversely associated with IGF-1 (both sexes: P < 0.05), leptin in girls (P < 0.01), and insulin in boys (P < 0.05) and negatively correlated with annual height and weight velocity (both sexes: P ≤ 0.01). PYY showed no age-related change in either sex. Neither ghrelin nor PYY were associated with Tanner stage. Weight subgroup analyses showed significant ghrelin associations with age2 in healthy-weight but not overweight and obese adolescents (7 girls; 18 boys). CONCLUSIONS: Adolescents showed a U-shaped change in ghrelin corresponding to physical and biochemical markers of growth, and no change in PYY. The overweight and obesity subgroup exhibited an apparent loss of the U-shaped ghrelin trend, but this finding may be attributed to greater maturity and its clinical significance is unclear. Further research on weight-related ghrelin and PYY trends at puberty is needed to understand how these peptides influence growth and long-term metabolic risk. FAU - Cheng, Hoi Lun
Insulin resistance in adolescents with type 1 diabetes and its relationship to cardiovascular function.$$$ CONTEXT: Cardiovascular disease is the major cause of death in adults with diabetes, yet little is specifically known about the effects of type 1 diabetes (T1D) on cardiovascular outcomes in youth. Although insulin resistance (IR) likely contributes to exercise and cardiovascular dysfunction in T2D, IR is not typically considered a contributor in T1D. OBJECTIVE: We hypothesized that cardiopulmonary fitness would be reduced in T1D youth in association with IR and cardiovascular dysfunction. DESIGN AND PARTICIPANTS: This cross-sectional study at an academic hospital included 12 T1D adolescents compared with 12 nondiabetic controls, similar in age, pubertal stage, activity level, and body mass index. OUTCOME MEASURES: Cardiopulmonary fitness was measured by peak oxygen consumption (VO(2)peak) and oxygen uptake kinetics (VO(2)kinetics), IR by hyperinsulinemic clamp, cardiac function by echocardiography, vascular function by venous occlusion plethysmography, intramyocellular lipid by magnetic resonance spectroscopy, and body composition by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry. RESULTS: T1D adolescents had significantly decreased VO(2)peak, peak work rate, and insulin sensitivity compared with nondiabetic adolescents. T1D youth also had reduced vascular reactivity and evidence of diastolic dysfunction and left ventricular hypertrophy. Despite their IR and reduced cardiovascular fitness, T1D youth had paradoxically normal intramyocellular lipid, waist to hip ratio, and serum lipids and high adiponectin levels. In multivariate analysis, IR primarily, and forearm blood flow secondarily, independently predicted VO(2)peak. CONCLUSIONS: T1D youth demonstrated IR, impaired functional exercise capacity and cardiovascular dysfunction. The phenotype of IR in T1D youth was unique, suggesting a pathophysiology that is different from T2D, yet may adversely affect long-term cardiovascular outcomes. FAU - Nadeau, Kristen J
Early menarche increases the risk of Type 2 diabetes in young and middle-aged Korean women.$$$ AIMS: To investigate the association between early menarche (menarche age < 12 years) and Type 2 diabetes mellitus in young and middle-aged Korean women. METHODS: We analysed data for 4657 women aged 20-50 years from the Fourth Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (KNHANES IV) (2007-2009). RESULTS: The prevalence of Type 2 diabetes was 2.8%. Women with early menarche had a higher prevalence of impaired fasting glucose than did women with later menarche (age ≥ 12 years) in the 20-30 age group (7.4% vs. 3.0%), and a higher prevalence of diabetes in the 30-40 (6.3% vs. 1.7%) and 40-50 (18.5% vs. 4.4%) age groups. The odds ratio (OR) of Type 2 diabetes in women with early menarche was 3.61 [95% confidence interval (CI), 1.90-6.88] after adjusting for age. In multivariate regression, the OR of Type 2 diabetes decreased to 2.52 (95% CI, 1.29-4.94) after further adjusting for BMI. However, the OR decreased to 2.04 (95% CI, 0.95-4.39) without significance after adjusting for HOMA-IR. CONCLUSIONS: Early menarche increased the risk of Type 2 diabetes in young and middle-aged Korean women although adulthood adiposity attenuated the relationship. Knowledge of age at menarche is important in identifying women at risk for diabetes.
Menarcheal Age and Risk of Type 2 Diabetes: A Community-Based Cohort Study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: It has been reported that early menarche is associated with higher risk for type 2 diabetes. We aimed to explore the association between age at menarche and risk of type 2 diabetes in a population-based cohort study. METHODS: For the purpose of the present study, 5191 subjects of reproductive age who were participants of the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study and also met the eligibility criteria were selected. Demographic, lifestyle, reproductive, and anthropometric data as well as risk factors for metabolic diseases were collected. Menarcheal age was categorized into five categories, as <11 years, 11-12 years, 13-14 years, 15-16 years, and >17 years. Diabetes and pre-diabetes were defined according to the American Diabetes Association criteria. Logistic regression analysis was used to assess the risk of the menarcheal age group for type 2 diabetes and pre-diabetes. RESULTS: Of 5625 participants, 673 women had pre-diabetes and 187 had diabetes. Early menarche was associated with higher risk of diabetes and pre-diabetes, compared to the reference group (13-14 years), (OR=3.55, 95% CI: 1.6-7.8 and OR=2.55, 95% CI:1.4-4.8, respectively), an association which remained after further adjustment for potential confounders including family history of diabetes, parity, education, age, body mass index, waist circumference, smoking history, physical activity, and duration of oral contraceptives use. CONCLUSION: Results showed early menarche to be a potential risk factor for type 2 diabetes and pre-diabetes. FAU - Farahmand, Maryam
The effect of puberty on the development of early diabetic microvascular disease in insulin-dependent diabetes.$$$ We studied the prevalence of early diabetic retinopathy and nephropathy in 21 prepubertal and 55 late-pubertal subjects with insulin-dependent diabetes (IDD). All subjects had IDD of 5-7 years duration at the time of evaluation. The prevalence of early diabetic retinopathy was significantly greater in the late-pubertal subjects than prepubertal subjects (33% vs. 9.5%, P = 0.05), despite similar glycosylated hemoglobin values between the two groups (11.7 +/- 2.7% vs. 10.1 +/- 1.6%) at the time of evaluation. Nephropathy was infrequent in late-pubertal subjects (9%), and absent in the prepubertal subjects. We hypothesize that puberty plays an important role in the development of microvascular complications of IDD, and that increases in growth factors, sex hormones and deterioration in glycemic control at the time of puberty may each enhance the development of diabetic microvascular disease. FAU - Rogers, D G
Occurrence of microalbuminuria among children and adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.$$$ Microalbuminuria precedes the onset of diabetic nephropathy in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) pediatric patients. Its prevention is among the most important challenges in managing IDDM. We attempted to determine the occurrence of microalbuminuria among IDDM Saudi children and adolescents and its associated risk factors. This is a retrospective cross-sectional study conducted on 409 IDDM children and adolescents attending the pediatric clinic at King Abdul-Aziz University Hospital from 2006 to 2010. Their ages ranged from 1 to 18 years and the mean ± standard deviation (mean ± SD) was 12.3 ± 4.1 years. Twenty-four-hour urinary albumin excretion (on two separate occasions or more, 3 - 6 months apart each), HbA1c, duration of IDDM, Tanner staging and body mass index (BMI) were reviewed. Prevalence of microalbuminuria in our cohort was 11.3%. IDDM duration was ≥2 years in 55.8% of our patients; of them, 15.6% had microalbuminuria while 45.2% had IDDM duration <2 years (6% had microalbuminuria) (P <0.01). The prevalence of microalbuminuria was higher among the post-pubertal subjects (50%) than that among the pre-pubertal (8.7%) and pubertal (41.5%) subjects. Furthermore, microalbuminuria was present in 16.7% of those with elevated blood pressure, but only in 8.5% among those with normal blood pressure (P <0.05). The enrolled overweight and obese subjects showed a higher prevalence of microalbuminuria (14%) when compared with that among those with a normal BMI (6.6%) (P <0.05). In our cohort, duration of IDDM, pubertal status, hypertension and BMI affected the prevalence of microalbuminuria. Annual screening for microalbuminuria in IDDM children and adolescents is imperative. FAU - Al-Agha, Abdulmoein E
A 3-19-year follow-up study on diabetic retinopathy in patients diagnosed in childhood and treated with conventional therapy.$$$ Few data are available from follow-up studies on diabetic retinopathy in patients diagnosed with insulin-dependent (Type 1) diabetes mellitus in childhood and treated with conventional therapy. We report the results of conventional insulin therapy on development of diabetic retinopathy in 100 children and adolescents (47 females and 53 males), aged 8.3 +/- 3.5 (1.2-16.4) years at diagnosis of disease. Oral or intravenous fluorescein angiography was performed during a 3-19 year follow-up in all patients. Retinopathy was staged according to the criteria of the Italian Society of Diabetology (SID). During follow-up, retinopathy was observed in 28 patients (28%). At the end of follow-up, retinopathy was present in 23 patients and had disappeared in 5. Life-table analysis showed a median disease-free interval of 10.8 years. At 10 years from diagnosis the percentage of patients free of retinopathy was 66%. Poor metabolic control, age, and degree of pubertal development at diagnosis were the most important risk factors. FAU - d'Annunzio, G
Branched-Chain and Aromatic Amino Acids Are Associated With Insulin Resistance During Pubertal Development in Girls.$$$ PURPOSE: Cross-sectional studies in children show branched-chain and aromatic amino acids are associated with insulin resistance, but whether these associations persist from childhood to adulthood is not known. This study aimed to assess whether circulating amino acids associate with insulin resistance during pubertal development. METHODS: This was a 7.5-year longitudinal study from childhood to early adulthood. A total of 396 nondiabetic Finnish girls aged 11.2 ± .8 years at baseline participated in the study which was conducted at the Health Science Laboratory, University of Jyväskylä. Serum concentrations of glucose and insulin were determined by enzymatic photometric methods and amino acids by nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy. Insulin resistance was determined by the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). RESULTS: All amino acids were positively associated with HOMA-IR both before and after menarche (p < .05 for all), except for histidine. Branched-chain amino acids and aromatic amino acids showed the strongest associations, the magnitude of correlation coefficients being similar before and after menarche (R(2) = .064-.171). After adjusting for body mass index z-score and height, the associations between branched-chain amino acids and aromatic amino acids and HOMA-IR remained significant both before and after menarche. CONCLUSIONS: Branched-chain amino acids and aromatic amino acids associate with insulin resistance during pubertal development, independent of adiposity. Further studies are needed to determine whether changes in amino acid metabolism link pubertal hyperinsulinemia to accelerated physiological growth and/or heightened cardiometabolic risk later in life.
Longitudinal changes in insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion, and beta-cell function during puberty.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine longitudinal changes in insulin sensitivity (SI), insulin secretion, and beta-cell function during puberty in white and black youth. STUDY DESIGN: The tolbutamide-modified frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test and minimal modeling were used to measure SI, the acute insulin response to glucose (AIRg), and beta-cell function (disposition index, DI) in white (n = 46) and black (n = 46) children (mean [+/-SD] age at baseline = 10.2 +/- 1.7 years). Growth curve models (including 272 observations) with SI, AIRg, and DI regressed on Tanner stage were run after adjusting for covariates. RESULTS: After adjusting for covariates, growth curve models revealed that SI decreased and subsequently recovered by the end of puberty in whites and blacks (both p < .05), AIRg decreased linearly across Tanner stages in both races (both p < .001), and DI decreased across puberty in blacks (p = .001) but not in whites (p = .2). CONCLUSIONS: White and black youth exhibited transient insulin resistance and diminished AIRg during puberty. The progressive decline in DI among blacks versus whites may reflect a unique effect of puberty on beta-cell compensation in blacks. Future studies are needed to identify whether this difference contributes to the increased risk of type II diabetes in young blacks. FAU - Ball, Geoff D C
Glycemic control, complications, and associated autoimmune diseases in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To investigate the relationship between metabolic control, acute and long-term complications, the coexistence of autoimmune diseases, and to assess the different factors that can affect the glycemic control level among children with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). METHODS: This is a cross-sectional study that included 228 T1DM children and adolescents visiting the pediatric diabetes clinic at the King Abdulaziz University Hospital (KAUH), Jeddah, Saudi Arabia from January 2013 to January 2014. The clinical and laboratory characteristics of the patients were recorded. Metabolic control, complications, and associated autoimmune diseases were evaluated. RESULTS: The mean age of patients was 10.99 years, and the glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) level was 8.8%. Acute complications included ketoacidosis in 65.4% of patients, and hypoglycemic attacks in 68.9%. Long-term complications were detected in patients including retinopathy (4.4%), microalbuminuria (16.2%), and dyslipidemia (8.3%). Autoimmune thyroiditis was noted in 14%, and celiac disease was found in 19.7% of patients. A significant difference was found in pubertal and pre-pubertal age groups in terms of glycemic control (p=0.01). CONCLUSION: The level of HbA1c was found to be higher among the pubertal age group. A relationship between autoimmune diseases and gender was determined. FAU - Al-Agha, Abdulmoein E
Early age at menarche and gestational diabetes mellitus risk: Results from the Healthy Baby Cohort study.$$$ AIM: Early age at menarche has been reported to increase type 2 diabetes risk, but little is known of its impact on gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) risk. The aim of this study was to examine the association between age at menarche and plasma glucose levels as well as GDM risk. METHODS: A total of 6900 pregnant women from the Healthy Baby Cohort Study were included in our analysis. Age at menarche was self-reported and categorized into five groups (9-11, 12, 13, 14 and 15-18 years of age). GDM was diagnosed using the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups criteria. Comparisons of plasma glucose levels according to age at menarche categories were performed using analysis of covariance. Logistic regression models were used to estimate the association between age at menarche and GDM risk. RESULTS: Of our 6900 participants, 1015 (14.7%) were diagnosed with GDM. Mean age at menarche was 13.1±1.2 years. Early age at menarche (9-11 years) was associated with higher fasting, 1-h and 2-h plasma glucose levels (all P<0.05) compared with menarche at age 13 years. Furthermore, early age at menarche was linked to increased GDM risk after adjusting for potential confounders (OR: 1.41, 95% CI: 1.06-1.87). CONCLUSION: Early age at menarche is an independent risk factor for GDM and, as such, may help to identify women at higher GDM risk who would benefit from early preventative strategies.
Age at menarche and age at natural menopause as predictors of glycemic control in type 2 diabetic patients.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the influence of age at menarche (AM) and age at natural menopause (ANM) on glycemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). METHODS: A cross-sectional study was undertaken in Jiangsu, China. Logistic regression was used to evaluate the association between AM/ANM and glycemic control. RESULTS: 1195 (14.3%) premenopausal and 7149 (85.7%) postmenopausal women were included in this study. With the increase of AM per 1 year, patients had a low risk of uncontrolled FPG (≥7 mmol/L) and uncontrolled HbA1c (≥7%), as well as poor glycemic control (FPG ≥7 mmol/L and HbA1c ≥7%) after adjusting for age and BMI (model I, P < 0.05) with odds ratio (OR) 0.965, 0.978 and 0.962 respectively. Whereas after adjusting for age, BMI, education, duration of diabetes, smoking, drinking and antidiabetic treatment (model II) as well as further plus diabetic familial history and physical activity (model III), the association between AM and glycemic control was not significant (P > 0.05). Compared with premenopausal women, postmenopausal women had a low risk of uncontrolled FPG and uncontrolled HbA1c after adjusting for confounders in model II (P < 0.05). Furthermore, both patients with early ANM (<45 years) and late ANM (>55 years) had a high risk of uncontrolled HbA1c as well as poor glycemic control even adjusted for full confounders in model III (P < 0.05 for all). CONCLUSION: Early AM, early and late ANM were significantly associated with worse glycemic control. Ascertaining the AM and ANM in women with T2DM may help to identify the risk predisposed to worse glycemic control.
Osteopenia in juvenile diabetes.$$$ The bone mineral status of fifty-one children with diabetes mellitus was studied by single photon absorptiometry. The mean bone mineral content was 13% below values predicted by age, sex, height, and weight. Those children whose diabetes was one year or less in duration were as osteopenic as those whose diabetes was of longer duration. The demineralized children received a higher daily insulin dose than others. No association was noted between the degree of skeletal demineralization and sex, statural growth, renal function, and serum calcium and phosphorus. No significant changes in bone mineral content were noted longitudinally. FAU - Shore, R M
Diabetes management and glycemic control in youth with type 1 diabetes: test of a predictive model.$$$ The objective of this study was to test a comprehensive model of biologic (pubertal status), family (communication and conflict), and psychological influences (behavioral autonomy) on diabetes management and glycemic control in a sample of youth (N = 226) with type 1 diabetes recruited during late childhood/early adolescence (ages 9-11 years). The study design was a prospective, multisite, multi-method study involving prediction of diabetes management and glycemic control 1 year post-baseline. The primary outcome measures included diabetes management behaviors based on the Diabetes Self-Management Profile (DSMP) administered separately to mothers and youth and glycemic control measured by glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) obtained by blood samples and analyzed by a central laboratory to ensure standardization. Our hypothesized predictive model received partial support based on structural equation modeling analyses. Family conflict predicted less adequate glycemic control 1 year later (p < 0.05). Higher conflict predicted less adequate diabetes management and less adequate glycemic control. More advanced pubertal status also predicted less adequate glycemic control, but behavioral autonomy did not. Family conflict is an important, potentially clinically significant influence on glycemic control that should be considered in primary and secondary prevention in the management of type 1 diabetes in youth. FAU - Drotar, Dennis
Obesity in children and adolescents: relationship to growth, pubarche, menarche, and voice break.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The relationships between obesity, pubertal development, and height are controversial. Therefore, we compared the prevalence of pubarche, menarche, and voice break between a large collective of obese and normal-weight children and adolescents aged 10-16 years. METHODS: We assessed weight, height, pubarche, menarche, and voice break in 1383 obese German children and in 6615 children of a representative national German cohort aged 10-16 years. In all obese children, gonadotropins were determined and birth weight data were collected. RESULTS: Independently of gender, the height standard deviation score (SDS) was significantly greater (0.3-1.0) in obese children <14 years compared to the reference cohort. Independently of age, the percentage of obese boys with pubarche was significantly lower compared to age-matched normal-weight boys. In girls <13 years, the prevalence of obese girls with pubarche was significantly lower compared to age-matched normal-weight girls. In boys > or =11 years, the percentage of obese boys with change of voice was significantly lower compared to age-matched normal-weight boys. In girls > or =11 years, the prevalence of obese girls with menarche was significantly lower compared to age-matched normal-weight girls. Birth weight had no impact on pubarche in the obese children. Luteinizing hormone was > 0.3 IU/L in 86% of the children > or =10 years with pubarche. CONCLUSIONS: Obese children are taller than normal-weight children up to the age of 14 years. Since obese children demonstrated pubarche, menarche, and voice break later than their normal-weight peers, the increase in height in obese children does not seem to be attributable to earlier onset of puberty. FAU - Kleber, Michaela
Periodontal status in insulin-dependent diabetic adolescents.$$$ A cross-sectional study was designed to evaluate the periodontal status of 85 12-18 year-old French adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes (IDDM) and 38 healthy controls in the same age group. The clinical examination consisted of plaque control and gingival inflammation evaluation and probing attachment level. The interproximal marginal bone level was assessed with bitewing radiographs taken on the first molars and on areas presenting an attachment loss over 2 mm. Diabetic children had significantly more gingival inflammation than children without diabetes, in spite of similar plaque scores. No significant relation between gingival condition and age, Tanner's index, HbAlc level or disease duration could be demonstrated. None of the subjects had sites with attachment loss > or = 3 mm or radiographic signs of periodontitis. FAU - de Pommereau, V
Insulin sensitivity and lipid profiles in girls with central precocious puberty before and during gonadal suppression.$$$ CONTEXT: Early menarche is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease in adulthood. It is unknown whether metabolic risk factors are adversely affected in girls with central precocious puberty (CPP) already at time of diagnosis. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to evaluate metabolic profiles in girls with early normal puberty (EP) and CPP. DESIGN AND SETTING: This was a combined cross-sectional and longitudinal study at a tertiary center of pediatric endocrinology. PATIENTS AND INTERVENTION: Twenty-three girls with EP or CPP and 115 controls with normal pubertal timing were evaluated by oral glucose tolerance test, dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry scan, and fasting blood samples. Fifteen girls (13 CPP) were treated with GnRH agonists (GnRHa) and reevaluated after 12 and 52 wk of treatment. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Insulin and glucose levels during oral glucose tolerance test and fasting lipid levels were measured. RESULTS: At the time of diagnosis, girls with CPP had higher fasting insulin, triglyceride, and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels as well as lower insulin sensitivity and high-density lipoprotein/total cholesterol ratios (all P<0.05) compared with controls after adjustment for pubertal stage and body fat percentage. Age at pubertal onset positively predicted insulin sensitivity for a given pubertal stage (P=0.04) in girls with EP and CPP. Insulin sensitivity decreased significantly during 1 yr of GnRHa treatment (P=0.04). CONCLUSIONS: Girls with CPP had adverse metabolic profiles at the time of diagnosis compared with puberty-matched controls. In addition, those with the earliest onset of puberty had the most adverse metabolic profiles. Surprisingly, metabolic profiles deteriorated even further after withdrawal of sex steroids by GnRHa treatment. FAU - Sørensen, Kaspar
Metabolic control in children and adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus at King Abdul-Aziz University Hospital.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Preventing long-term diabetic complications requires good metabolic control, especially in type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). We describe the metabolic control of T1DM and the factors affecting it among children and adolescents attending the Pediatric Clinic at King Abdul-Aziz University Hospital. METHODS: A retrospective cross-sectional study was conducted on T1DM children and adolescents who had attended the Pediatric Clinic at King Abdul-Aziz University Hospital from 2006 to 2010. Both clinical and laboratory data were reviewed for the enrolled cases. The mean age of the patients was 12.5 ± 4.1 years. Ages ranged from 1 to 18 years (n = 484: male = 213, female = 271). 38.6% of the patients were pre-pubertal and 61.4%-- pubertal. The patients were categorized into 3 age groups as 1-6 years (10.3%), 7-12 years (33.5%) and 13-18 years (56.2%). RESULTS: The overall mean HbA1c was 9.4 ± 2.4% and the duration of patient follow-up was 26 ± 17 months. 10.3% of the patients were on conventional insulin regimens and 89.7%--on intensive insulin therapy. 31.4% had satisfactory HbA1c according to the American Diabetes Association guidelines. The duration of T1DM was 2.9 ± 1.4 years. The patients with diabetes duration ≤ 2 years (45%) had a mean HbA1c of 8.7 ± 1.8% and those with diabetes duration > 2 years (55%) had a mean HbA1c value of 9.8 ± 2.3% (p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The metabolic control of T1DM children in our cohort was less satisfactory than in other studies. We recommend the promotion of physical exercise and family educational programs to improve the metabolic control of T1DM pediatric patients in our population. FAU - Al-Agha, Abdulmoein
Effect of Insulin-Like Growth Factor-1 on Diabetic Retinopathy in Pubertal Age Patients With Type 1 Diabetes.$$$ PURPOSE: The aims of this study were to correlate diabetic retinopathy (DR) changes with insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) levels in patients with type 1 diabetes of pubertal age group and to correlate the level of retinopathy with IGF-1 levels. METHODS: This cross-sectional study was done over 2 years and involved patients with type 1 diabetes of age 8 to 25 years. Patients presenting to Ophthalmology OPD and inpatient department along with active recruitment from old pediatrics and endocrinology records were taken for the study. Fasting serum IGF-1 was calculated using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay technique. Fasting blood sugar levels were taken. Detailed ophthalmic examination was done and DR was noted in all the patients and correlated with IGF-1 levels. RESULTS: A total of 46 patients with type 1 diabetes were recruited into the study. The mean age of the patients was 14.33 ± 4.36 years, with a female-to-male ratio of 3:2. No relationship of IGF-1 with age of onset of diabetes (P = 0.7) or fasting capillary blood glucose (CBG) (P = 0.6) was found, but a significant relationship was found with duration of diabetes (P = 0.001) and low IGF-1 levels (P < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: Severity of DR in patients with type 1 diabetes is inversely related to serum IGF-1 levels. Low IGF levels are an indicator for closer follow-up and strict management of diabetes and retinopathy. FAU - Raman, Premnath
Prevalence of prediabetes and type 2 diabetes in children with obesity and increased transaminases in European German-speaking countries. Analysis of the APV initiative.$$$ BACKGROUND: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), prediabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus are known to be closely linked with obesity as early as during childhood. OBJECTIVES: The study aimed to determine the prevalence of prediabetes and T2DM in children with obesity with or without increased transaminases. METHODS: Data from the observational multicentre (n = 51), cross-sectional Adipositas Patienten Verlaufsbeobachtung registry were analyzed. Mild increase (mild group) was defined by alanine transaminase (ALT) >24 to ≤50 U/L and moderate to severe increase (advanced group) by ALT > 50 U/L. Prediabetes and T2DM were defined according to recent IDF/ISPAD guidelines. RESULTS: The prevalence of prediabetes and T2DM was 11.9% (95% CI: 11.0-12.8) and 1.4% (95% CI: 1.1-1.7) among all participants (n = 4932; male = 2481; mean age 12.9 ± 2.7 years; BMI-SDS 2.1 ± 0.5; Tanner stage 3.2 ± 1.5). The prevalence of impaired glucose metabolism (prediabetes and T2DM) was 13.8% (95% CI: 12.1-15.4) in the mild, 21.9% (95% CI: 18.8-25.1) in the advanced group, 10.7% (95% CI: 9.4-11.9) in the control group. Mild and advanced groups had greater odds ratios for prediabetes [1.42; 95% CI: 1.17-1.72, 2.26-fold; (1.78-2.86), respectively], the advanced group also for T2DM [2.39 (1.36-4.21)] compared to controls. While an increase in transaminases predominantly affected boys, girls within the advanced group had a higher T2DM prevalence than males (5.4 vs. male 2.1%). CONCLUSIONS: Children with obesity and increased liver transaminases as surrogates of NAFLD should be screened for T2DM.
Effects of Metreleptin in Pediatric Patients With Lipodystrophy.$$$ CONTEXT: Lipodystrophy syndromes are rare disorders of deficient adipose tissue. Metreleptin, a human analog of leptin, improved metabolic abnormalities in mixed cohorts of children and adults with lipodystrophy and low leptin. OBJECTIVE: Determine effects of metreleptin on diabetes, hyperlipidemia, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), growth, and puberty in pediatric patients with lipodystrophy and low leptin. DESIGN: Prospective, single-arm, open-label studies with continuous enrollment since 2000. SETTING: National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, Maryland. PATIENTS: Fifty-three patients aged 6 months to <18 years with lipodystrophy, leptin level <8 ng/mL (male patients) or <12 ng/mL (female patients), and ≥1 metabolic abnormality (diabetes, insulin resistance, or hypertriglyceridemia). INTERVENTION: Subcutaneous metreleptin injections (0.04 to 0.19 mg/kg/d). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Change in A1c, lipid, and transaminase levels after a mean ± standard deviation (SD) of 12 ± 0.2 months and 61 ± 39 months. Changes in liver histology, growth, and pubertal development throughout treatment. RESULTS: After 12 months, the A1c level (mean ± SD) decreased from 8.3% ± 2.4% to 6.5% ± 1.8%, and median triglyceride level decreased from 374 mg/dL [geometric mean (25th,75th percentile), 190, 1065] to 189 mg/dL (112, 334; P < 0.0001), despite decreased glucose- and lipid-lowering medications. The median [geometric mean (25th,75th percentile)] alanine aminotransferase level decreased from 73 U/L (45, 126) to 41 U/L (25, 59; P = 0.001), and that of aspartate aminotransferase decreased from 51 U/L (29, 90) to 26 U/L (18, 42; P = 0.0002). These improvements were maintained over long-term treatment. In 17 patients who underwent paired biopsies, the NAFLD activity score (mean ± SD) decreased from 4.5 ± 2.0 to 3.4 ± 2.0 after 3.3 ± 3.2 years of metreleptin therapy (P = 0.03). There were no clinically significant changes in growth or puberty. CONCLUSION: Metreleptin lowered A1c and triglyceride levels, and improved biomarkers of NAFLD in pediatric patients with lipodystrophy. These improvements are likely to reduce the lifetime burden of disease.
Impact of gestational diabetes mellitus on pubertal changes in adiposity and metabolic profiles in Latino offspring.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine the impact of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) status on longitudinal changes in adiposity and metabolic variables in overweight Latino offspring (from age 8-20 years) across puberty. STUDY DESIGN: This longitudinal cohort of 210 overweight Latino children was measured annually for a period of 3 ± 1 years for Tanner stage through physical examination, adiposity by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry and magnetic resonance imaging, lipids, and glucose and insulin action via the oral glucose tolerance test and frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test. Linear mixed-effects modeling estimated the impact of maternal GDM status on baseline and changes in adiposity and metabolic variables across puberty. RESULTS: In our cohort, 22% of offspring were from GDM pregnancies. At baseline, the GDM offspring were heavier at birth, more likely to have a family history of type 2 diabetes, and less likely to have been breastfed (for any duration). Compared with the non-GDM offspring, the GDM offspring had greater increases in total body fat (+6.5% vs +4.5%; P = .03) and steeper declines in acute insulin response (-39% vs -17%; P < .001) and disposition index (-57% vs -35%; P < .001) across Tanner stages, independent of ethnicity, sex, breastfeeding status, family history of diabetes, and baseline and changes in body composition. CONCLUSION: These findings confirm the elevated risk for excess adiposity and type 2 diabetes in GDM offspring, and further underscore the need for interventions targeting Latino GDM and their offspring.
Growth, puberty, and final height in children with Type 1 diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aims of this study were to assess the physical growth and pubertal development in a group of diabetic children and to evaluate the effect of height at diagnosis, duration of illness, and degree of glycemic control on final height and sexual maturation. RESEARCH DESIGN: A cohort of 72 Sudanese diabetic children, 7-13 years of age at diagnosis, was followed longitudinally from the onset of diabetes until the attainment of final height. RESULTS: The mean height standard deviation scores (SDS) at diagnosis were 0.04 in boys and -0.15 in girls, which was greater than their genetic target height (GTH). The growth velocity between diagnosis and final height was slow, with significant reduction in pubertal growth spurt. The mean final height attained by these children was lower than their GTH, a finding that contradicts most of the recently published reports. The average age at menarche in girls (15.1 years) and the mean age of full sexual maturation in boys (17.2 years) were significantly delayed in this group of diabetic patients. This retardation in physical growth and pubertal development was positively correlated with the duration of diabetes before the onset of puberty and glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) concentration. The majority of these patients were thin at diagnosis of diabetes, with median body mass index (BMI) <22, but showed a remarkable, progressive weight gain during puberty, which was more evident in girls. The weight gain was independent of weight at diagnosis and duration of diabetes, but was positively correlated with the daily dose of insulin and HbA1c concentration. CONCLUSION: Conventional therapy of diabetic children is associated with impairment of physical growth and delayed sexual maturation. FAU - Elamin, Abdelaziz
Utility of early insulin response and proinsulin to assess insulin resistance.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine whether obesity and premature adrenarche are additive events increasing the risk of insulin resistance and beta-cell failure, using early insulin response (EIR) or the insulinogenic index and proinsulin (PI) as markers. STUDY DESIGN: This was a prospective case-control study conducted at a tertiary care academic medical center involving 81 prepubertal, predominantly Hispanic children (34 males, 47 females), classified as lean controls (4 males, 6 females; mean age, 6.5 +/- 1.2 years; mean body mass index [BMI] z-score, 0.08 +/- 0.6), obese controls (20 males, 10 females; mean age, 7.2 +/- 1.5 years; mean BMI z-score, 2.5 +/- 0.5), lean premature adrenarche (3 males, 11 females; mean age, 7.1 +/- 1.2 years; mean BMI z-score, 0.09 +/- 0.6), and obese premature adrenarche (7 males, 20 females; mean age, 7.3 +/- 1.0; mean BMI z-score, 2.2 +/- 0.4). Fasting glucose (G(0)), insulin (I(0)), PI(0), androgen levels, insulin-like growth factor 1, insulin-like growth factor binding protein 1, and lipid levels were obtained. An oral glucose tolerance test was performed. EIR was calculated as (I(30) - I(0))/(G(30) - G(0)). Between-group differences were assessed by 2-way analysis of variance, with interactions and associations explored with correlation/regression. RESULTS: EIR was greater in the obese subjects with and without premature adrenarche. Combined analysis of the independent variables obesity and premature adrenarche showed that the obese premature adrenarche group had the highest EIR. The obese subjects with premature adrenarche had greater fasting PI levels than their lean counterparts. The differences in fasting PI/I ratio among the groups were not statistically significant. CONCLUSIONS: Using EIR and PI as markers to assess the risk of insulin resistance and impaired insulin secretion indicates that obese children with premature adrenarche may be at greater risk for the development of prediabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus compared with their lean counterparts. FAU - Jean, Amy M
The association between age at menarche and later risk of gestational diabetes is mediated by insulin resistance.$$$ AIMS: Associations have been reported between age at menarche and the later risk of gestational diabetes. However, it is not known whether these associations reflect differences in insulin sensitivity and/or pancreatic β-cell function in pregnancy. METHODS: We examined this question in women enrolled in the prospective Cambridge Baby Growth Study who recalled their age at menarche in questionnaires during pregnancy. Polynomial logistic and linear regression models were used to relate menarche timing to the risk of gestational diabetes, both unadjusted and adjusted for the Homeostasis Model Assessments of insulin resistance (HOMA IR) and pancreatic β-cell function (HOMA B) at week 28 of pregnancy. RESULTS: Age at menarche showed a U-shaped association with gestational diabetes risk (linear term: p = 9.5 × 10(-4); quadratic term: p = 1.0 × 10(-3); n = 889; overall model p = 8.1 × 10(-3)). Age at menarche showed a negative linear association with insulin resistance (HOMA IR: β = -0.13, p = 5.2 × 10(-4), n = 771), which explained the relationship between age at menarche and gestational diabetes risk (adjusted linear term going from p = 0.03-0.08; adjusted quadratic term going from p = 0.04-0.08; n = 771). Age at menarche also showed a negative linear association with β-cell function (HOMA B: β = -0.11, p = 2.8 × 10(-3), n = 771) but this did not attenuate the relationship between age at menarche and gestational diabetes (adjusted linear term p = 0.02; adjusted quadratic term p = 0.03, n = 771). CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that the associations between age at menarche and risk of gestational diabetes and raised pregnancy glucose concentrations may be mediated by insulin resistance. FAU - Petry, Clive J
Pubertal changes in HOMA and QUICKI: relationship to hepatic and peripheral insulin sensitivity.$$$ BACKGROUND: Homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) and quantitative insulin-sensitivity check index (QUICKI) are measures of insulin resistance and insulin sensitivity derived from fasting glucose (FG) and insulin levels. They thus should reflect, in principle, insulin action on both the liver and the periphery. METHODS: Twenty-three prepubertal and early pubertal adolescents were studied at baseline and after 6 months, using the frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT) with labeled glucose. Total body insulin sensitivity (SI) was calculated using the minimal model and total glucose concentrations. Peripheral insulin sensitivity (SI*) was calculated from labeled glucose concentrations. Hepatic insulin resistance (HIR) was calculated by multiplying glucose production over the last hour by the average insulin level. HOMA and QUICKI were calculated from the fasting glucose and insulin values. RESULTS: HOMA, QUICKI fasting insulin, and glucose to insulin ratio were all significantly related to SI (p <0.05) but were not independently related to SI* or HIR. Multiple linear regression analysis revealed that both SI* and HIR independently predicted HOMA and fasting glucose (p <0.1). QUICKI, fasting insulin, and glucose to insulin ratio were not independently related to SI, SI*, or HIR. CONCLUSIONS: HOMA and fasting insulin reflect total body insulin sensitivity and HIR but not peripheral insulin sensitivity in prepubertal and early pubertal adolescents. FAU - Hoffman, Robert P
Longitudinal Trajectories of Metabolic Control From Childhood to Young Adulthood in Type 1 Diabetes From a Large German/Austrian Registry: A Group-Based Modeling Approach.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Worsening of glycemic control in type 1 diabetes during puberty is a common observation. However, HbA(1c) remains stable or even improves for some youths. The aim is to identify distinct patterns of glycemic control in type 1 diabetes from childhood to young adulthood. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 6,433 patients with type 1 diabetes were selected from the prospective, multicenter diabetes patient registry Diabetes-Patienten-Verlaufsdokumentation (DPV) (follow-up from age 8 to 19 years, baseline diabetes duration ≥2 years, HbA(1c) aggregated per year of life). We used latent class growth modeling as the trajectory approach to determine distinct subgroups following a similar trajectory for HbA(1c) over time. RESULTS: Five distinct longitudinal trajectories of HbA(1c) were determined, comprising group 1 = 40%, group 2 = 27%, group 3 = 15%, group 4 = 13%, and group 5 = 5% of patients. Groups 1-3 indicated stable glycemic control at different HbA(1c) levels. At baseline, similar HbA(1c) was observed in group 1 and group 4, but HbA(1c) deteriorated in group 4 from age 8 to 19 years. Similar patterns were present in group 3 and group 5. We observed differences in self-monitoring of blood glucose, insulin therapy, daily insulin dose, physical activity, BMI SD score, body-height SD score, and migration background across all HbA(1c) trajectories (all P ≤ 0.001). No sex differences were present. Comparing groups with similar initial HbA(1c) but different patterns, groups with higher HbA(1c) increase were characterized by lower frequency of self-monitoring of blood glucose and physical activity and reduced height (all P < 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Using a trajectory approach, we determined five distinct longitudinal patterns of glycemic control from childhood to early adulthood. Diabetes self-care, treatment differences, and demographics were related to different HbA(1c) courses.
Age at menarche and heart failure risk: The EPIC-NL study.$$$ AIMS: Early age at menarche has been reported to be associated with increased risks of developing type 2 diabetes (T2D) and coronary heart disease (CHD) in adulthood, but a late menarche has also been found to be associated with an increased risk of CHD. Both T2D and CHD are important risk factors for developing heart failure (HF). We examined the relationship between age at menarche (AAM) and HF incidence in women from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition - Netherlands (EPIC-NL) cohort study. METHODS AND RESULTS: The EPIC-NL cohort comprised 28,504 women aged 20-70 years at baseline (1993-1997). Mean age at menarche was 13.3 (standard deviation 1.6) years. During a median follow-up of 15.2 years HF occurred in 631 women. Cox proportional hazard regression models, stratified by cohort and adjusted for potential confounders, were used to investigate the associations between AAM and HF incidence. After confounder adjustment, each year of older age at menarche was associated with a 5% lower risk of HF (hazard ratio 0.95 (95% CI, 0.91-1.00), p-value 0.048). Further adjusting for body mass index (BMI), prevalent CHD, hypertension, or prevalent T2D as potential mediators between early menarche and risk of HF attenuated the associations between AAM and risk of HF to non-significance. CONCLUSION: Older AAM reduced the risk of HF in this study. BMI, prevalent CHD, hypertension and prevalent T2D seemed to mediate this association. Future research with a longer follow-up should establish whether there is an independent effect of AAM on HF risk. Also, further phenotyping of HF cases is necessary to enable whether the associations differ for the various subtypes of HF.
Ethnic and Sex Differences in Adiponectin: From Childhood to Adulthood.$$$ CONTEXT: Insulin resistance (IR) and type 2 diabetes are increasing, particularly in Hispanic (H) vs non-Hispanic White (NHW) populations. Adiponectin has a known role in IR, and therefore, understanding ethnic and sex-specific behavior of adiponectin across the lifespan is of clinical significance. OBJECTIVE: To compare ethnic and sex differences in adiponectin, independent of body mass index, across the lifespan and relationship to IR. DESIGN: Cross-sectional. SETTING: Primary care, referral center. PATIENTS: A total of 187 NHW and 117 H participants (8-57 y) without diabetes. Life stage: pre-/early puberty (Tanner 1/2), midpubertal (Tanner 3/4), late pubertal (Tanner 5, <21 years), and adult (Tanner 5, ≥21). INTERVENTIONS: None. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Fasting adiponectin, insulin, glucose, and revised homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance. RESULTS: Adiponectin was significantly inversely correlated with revised homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance. Regarding puberty, adiponectin trended downward in late puberty, but only males were significantly lower in adulthood. By sex, adiponectin was lower in adult males vs females of both ethnicities. Regarding ethnicity, H adults of both sexes had lower adiponectin than NHW adults. Of note, in NHW females, adiponectin trended highest in adulthood, whereas in H females, adiponectin fell in late puberty and remained lower in adulthood. CONCLUSIONS: Adiponectin inversely correlated with IR, trended down in late puberty, and was lowest in adult males. H adults of both sexes had lower adiponectin than NHW adults, and H females followed a more "male pattern," lacking the rebound in adiponectin seen in NHW females after puberty. These data suggest that adiponectin, independent of body mass index, may relate to the greater cardiometabolic risk seen in H populations and in particular H females. FAU - Ohman-Hanson, Rebecca A
Long-term follow-up of diabetes in two patients with thiamine-responsive megaloblastic anemia syndrome.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To describe a 15-year follow-up of diabetes and to present data regarding pancreatic beta-cell function in two adolescents affected by the thiamine-responsive megaloblastic anemia (TRMA) syndrome. CASE REPORTS: The first patient (PMR) is a 17.5-year-old Italian girl who presented megaloblastic anemia at 7.5 months of age. At age 2.5 years, because of the presence of diabetes and sensorineural deafness, she was diagnosed with TRMA syndrome and started treatment with thiamine-HCl, followed very early by benzoyloxymethyl-thiamine (BOM-T). The second patient (PF) is a 16.8-year-old Italian boy born to consanguineous parents. Sensorineural deafness was diagnosed at age 1.5 years, while diabetes with ketoacidosis and megaloblastic anemia were diagnosed at age 3 years. Treatment with thiamine HCl was started immediately after diagnosis and changed to BOM-T 2 months later. Subsequent to the initiation of the vitamin, the two patients did not require insulin for approximately 7 and 10 years, respectively. Puberty was determinant in deteriorating the metabolic control in these patients, leading to treatment with an oral hypoglycemic agent and finally to a reinstitution of insulin therapy. CONCLUSIONS: The hormonal assessment in our patients (normal insulin response to oral glucose in childhood, preserved C-peptide secretion in case 2) and the good response to an oral hypoglycemic agent would indicate that the pancreatic disease may initiate as type 2 diabetes and may progress after several years to an insulin-requiring diabetes, as indicated by the exhaustion of the insulin secretory capacity. FAU - Valerio, G
Correlation between glycemic control and menstruation in diabetic adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine if a correlation exists between the degree of glycemic control in insulin-dependent diabetic adolescents and menstrual regulation. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective review of charts of diabetic girls aged 10-18 was performed. Office visits were scheduled every three to six months, at which time pubertal development, menstrual function, growth and diabetic control, including hemoglobin (Hgb) A1C, and complications were assessed. Forty-six patients were eligible for data analysis. Descriptive and inferential statistics, including chi 2 and Student t tests, were applied. RESULTS: Thirty-seven (81%) patients had regular menstrual cycles, and nine (19%) had menstrual disturbances, including secondary amenorrhea (one), oligomenorrhea (seven) and primary amenorrhea followed by oligomenorrhea (one). There were two pregnancies. Six patients used hormonal contraception but none for menstrual regulation. There was a statistically significant difference (P < .05) in mean Hgb A1C concentrations between those with menstrual disturbances (11.4) and those with regular menses (9.7). As Hgb A1C values increased, the percent of patients with menstrual disturbances increased, becoming statistically significant when the Hgb A1C was > 10 (odds ratio 7.3, 95% confidence interval 1.5-35.6). There was no difference (P > .05) between the two groups with respect to age at menarche (156 vs. 152 months), age at onset of diabetes (144 vs. 108 months) and interval between diabetes onset and menarche (54 vs. 41 months). There were no patients in either group with diabetic retinopathy or nephropathy. Four patients were hypertensive, but there was no statistically significant difference (P > .05) between groups. CONCLUSION: Tighter glycemic control, as measured by Hgb A1C concentrations, corresponded to improved menstrual regulation in adolescent insulin-dependent diabetics. FAU - Schroeder, B
Diabetes care, glycemic control, complications, and concomitant autoimmune diseases in children with type 1 diabetes in Turkey: a multicenter study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Epidemiologic and clinical features of type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) may show substantial differences among countries. The primary goal in the management of T1DM is to prevent micro- and macrovascular complications by achieving good glycemic control. The present study aimed to assess metabolic control, presence of concomitant autoimmune diseases, and of acute and long-term complications in patients diagnosed with T1DM during childhood and adolescence. The study also aimed to be a first step in the development of a national registry system for T1DM, in Turkey. METHODS: Based on hospital records, this cross-sectional, multicenter study included 1 032 patients with T1DM from 12 different centers in Turkey, in whom the diagnosis was established during childhood. Epidemiological and clinical characteristics of the patients were recorded. Metabolic control, diabetes care, complications, and concomitant autoimmune diseases were evaluated. RESULTS: Mean age, diabetes duration, and hemoglobin A1c level were 12.5 ± 4.1 years, 4.7 ± 3.2 years, and 8.5 ± 1.6%, respectively. Acute complications noted in the past year included ketoacidosis in 5.2% of the patients and severe hypoglycemia in 4.9%. Chronic lymphocytic thyroiditis was noted in 12%, Graves' disease in 0.1%, and celiac disease in 4.3% of the patients. Chronic complications including neuropathy, retinopathy, and persistent microalbuminuria were present in 2.6%, 1.4%, and 5.4% of the patients, respectively. Diabetic nephropathy was not present in any of the patients. Mean diabetes duration and age of patients with neuropathy, retinopathy and microalbuminuria were significantly different from the patients without these long-term complications (p<0.01). A significant difference was found between pubertal and prepubertal children in terms of persistent microalbuminuria and neuropathy (p=0.02 and p<0.001, respectively). Of the patients, 4.4% (n:38) were obese and 5% had short stature; 17.4% of the patients had dyslipidemia, and 14% of the dyslipidemic patients were obese. CONCLUSIONS: Although the majority of the patients in the present study were using insulin analogues, poor glycemic control was common, and chronic complications were encountered. FAU - Simsek, Damla Gökşen
Earlier puberty in boys with type 1 diabetes mellitus compared to a simultaneously recruited group of control adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: Recent studies have suggested that there is an earlier age of onset of puberty in healthy boys. However, no study has determined the age of pubertal development in boys with type 1 diabetes (T1D) and compared the results with a simultaneously recruited group of healthy children. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate the age of pubertal events in boys with TD1 and determine whether the duration of diabetes, metabolic control or insulin dose are associated with the age of puberty in boys with T1D. METHODS: Boys aged 7 to 19 years with T1D (n = 148, age 12.9 ± 3.0 years) and healthy boys recruited from schools (n = 388 controls, age 12.8 ± 2.2 years) were studied. A pediatric endocrinologist evaluated pubertal development. RESULTS: Boys at genital Tanner stage 2 and the final stages of puberty (genital Tanner 4 and 5) were younger than the control group (P = 0.005, P = 0.003, and P = 0.015, respectively). Both groups of boys had a similar age of pubic Tanner stage development. There were no cases of pubertal delay observed in the T1D cohort. There was no association observed between metabolic control with pubertal timing. T1D adolescents had lower height-SDS than the C group at the final stages of puberty. CONCLUSIONS: Boys with T1D who are treated with modern insulin therapy appear to have an earlier age of onset and an earlier age of final pubertal events than a simultaneously studied group of healthy children. These data suggest that pubertal delay is not a frequent problem for male T1D patients.
Insulin Resistance during normal child growth and development is associated with a distinct blood metabolic phenotype (Earlybird 72).$$$ BACKGROUND: While insulin resistance (IR) is associated with specific metabolite signatures in adults, there have been few truly longitudinal studies in healthy children, either to confirm which abnormalities are present, or to determine whether they precede or result from IR. Therefore, we investigated the association of serum metabolites with IR in childhood in the Earlybird cohort. METHODS: The Earlybird cohort is a well-characterized cohort of healthy children with annual measurements from age 5 to 16 years. For the first time, longitudinal association analyses between individual serum metabolites and homeostatic model assessment (HOMA) of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) have been performed taking into account the effects of age, growth, puberty, adiposity, and physical activity. RESULTS: IR was higher in girls than in boys and was associated with increasing body mass index (BMI). In longitudinal analysis IR was associated with reduced concentrations of branched-chain amino acids (BCAA), 2-ketobutyrate, citrate and 3-hydroxybutyrate, and higher concentrations of lactate and alanine. These findings demonstrate the widespread biochemical consequences of IR for intermediary metabolism, ketogenesis, and pyruvate oxidation during normal child growth and development. CONCLUSIONS: Longitudinal analysis can differentiate metabolite signatures that precede or follow the development of greater levels of IR. In healthy normal weight children, higher levels of IR are associated with reduced levels of BCAA, ketogenesis, and fuel oxidation. In contrast, elevated lactate concentrations preceded the rise in IR. These changes reveal the metabolite signature of insulin action during normal growth, and they contrast with previous findings in obese children and adults that represent the consequences of IR and obesity.
Premenarchal and postmenarchal girls with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: ovarian and other organ-specific autoantibodies, menstrual cycle.$$$ STUDY OBJECTIVE: To estimate various organ-specific autoantibodies and detect other endocrine autoimmune disorders and menstrual cycle characteristics in girls with Type 1 insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM). DESIGN: Prospective cohort study from 1993 to 1998, duration 4.5 years. SETTING: Diabetes & Endocrine Clinic of the University Hospital, Motol, Prague. PATIENTS: 53 IDDM girls (group A--43 postmenarchal, group B--10 premenarchal), 15.5 +/- 2.5 (8-19) years old, 6.2 +/- 4.3 years after IDDM onset. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Ovarian autoantibodies directed to ooplasm, zona pellucida, membrana granulosa, theca folliculi interna, and lutein cells, insulin autoantibodies, thyroid peroxidase and thyroglobulin autoantibodies. Menstrual cycle character, endocrine glands disturbance. Diabetes control, body mass index, duration of IDDM. RESULTS: Ovarian autoantibodies in at least one of the followed structures were found in 67.9% of the IDDM girls. In the control group of 21 healthy girls of corresponding age, the positive findings in lutein cells were found in only 4.8% of the girls (P < 0.01 versus IDDM girls). The lutein cells commonly associated with theca folliculi interna cells were the most frequent immunopositive structures in diabetic girls (P < 0.05 versus another positive ovarian autoimmune structure). Autoantibodies directed to ovarian steroid producing cells were frequent in IDDM patients with both irregular and normal menstrual cycles. Irregular menstrual cycles were diagnosed in 27.9% of IDDM girls, polymenorrhea in half of them, and oligomenorrhea in the remainder. Diabetes control in our patients (glycosylated hemoglobin HbA1c in postmenarchal girls 10.1 +/- 2.0%) did not differ between those with regular and those with irregular menstrual cycles. Over a follow-up period one-third of the girls with oligomenorrhea and a long-term noncompliance (HbA1c 13.5%) developed secondary amenorrhea. Insulin autoantibodies were found in 67.8%, thyroid peroxidase autoantibodies in 12.5%, and thyroglobulin autoantibodies in 10.4% of the IDDM girls. Autoimmune thyroiditis was diagnosed in 5 IDDM patients (9.4%); hypothyroidism developed in 3 of them. Menstrual cycle was irregular in 4 of the 5 girls with autoimmune thyroiditis (polymenorrhea in 1, oligomenorrhea in another 3 girls). CONCLUSIONS: An increased incidence of various circulating autoantibodies may be markedly demonstrated in IDDM girls. Their reproductive function might have an important relationship to an evidence of ovarian autoantibodies. Menstrual cycle disturbances could be linked to the poor diabetes control, to the presence of ovarian and other autoantibodies, and also to other autoimmune disease. FAU - Snajderová, M
Sex Differences in Effects of Obesity on Reproductive Hormones and Glucose Metabolism in Early Puberty.$$$ CONTEXT: Obesity is known to impact reproductive function in adults, but little is known about its effects on reproductive hormones during puberty. OBJECTIVE: To assess sex differences in effects of obesity on reproductive hormones and their relation to insulin sensitivity and secretion. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study including anthropometrics, serum and urine reproductive hormone concentrations, and intravenous glucose tolerance testing (IVGTT) to assess acute insulin response to glucose (AIRg), and insulin sensitivity (Si). SETTING: Outpatient academic clinical research center. PATIENTS: Girls (52%) and boys (48%) who were normal weight (NW; n = 51, BMI-Z score = -0.11 ± 0.77, age = 11.5 ± 1.7 years) and obese (n = 53, BMI-Z score = 2.22 ± 0.33, age = 10.9 ± 1.5 years), Tanner stage 2 to 3. RESULTS: Boys with obesity had lower total testosterone (P < 0.0001) and higher concentrations of the urinary estradiol metabolite, E1c, (P = 0.046) than boys with NW. Girls with obesity had higher free androgen index (FAI; P = 0.03) than NW girls. Both boys and girls with obesity had lower sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG; P < 0.0001) than NW. AIRg was inversely related to SHBG in boys (R = 0.6, P < 0.0001) and girls (R = 0.53, P = 0.0001). Si correlated with higher SHBG in boys (R2 = 0.67, P < 0.0001) and girls (R = 0.5, P = 0.0003), higher total testosterone for boys (R = 0.39, P = 0.01), and lower FAI for girls (R = -0.2, P = 0.04). CONCLUSION: Youth with obesity have lower SHBG than youth with NW, but obesity has differential effects on reproductive hormones in girls versus boys, which are apparent early in puberty. Ongoing longitudinal studies will evaluate the impact of obesity on reproductive hormones in girls and boys as puberty progresses.
Association between age at menarche and risk of diabetes in adults: results from the EPIC-Norfolk cohort study.$$$ AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Earlier age at menarche is associated with increased BMI and obesity risk from early childhood through to adulthood. We hypothesised that earlier age at menarche would also predict subsequent diabetes risk. METHODS: This was a population-based prospective cohort study of 13,308 women, who were aged 40 to 75 years between 1993 and 1997 and participating in the Norfolk cohort of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC-Norfolk). We used data on age at menarche and ascertained diabetes incidence to 2005. RESULTS: There were 734 cases of diabetes (363 incident and 371 prevalent cases). Mean age at menarche was lower in women with diabetes than in non-diabetic women (12.8 vs 13.0 years, p = 0.008). Compared with the earliest quintile (menarche at 8-11 years), women in the oldest quintile (menarche at 15-18 years) had lower BMI (25.5 vs 27.4 kg/m2, p < 0.0001) and a reduced risk of diabetes (OR 0.66 [95% CI 0.51-0.86] adjusted for age, family history, physical activity, smoking, occupational social class, parity and use of hormonal preparations). The association between age at menarche and diabetes was linear (adjusted OR 0.91 [95% CI 0.87-0.96] per 1 year later menarche) and appeared to be completely mediated by adult BMI or waist circumference (OR 0.98 [95% CI 0.93-1.03], further adjusted for BMI at age 40-75 years). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Earlier age at menarche increases the risk of diabetes in women and this association appears to be mediated by increased adiposity. History of earlier menarche may help to identify women with increased subsequent risk of diabetes. FAU - Lakshman, R
Insulin resistance and progression to type 1 diabetes in the European Nicotinamide Diabetes Intervention Trial (ENDIT).$$$ OBJECTIVE: Insulin resistance can modulate progression to type 1 diabetes in individuals with ongoing islet autoimmunity. We wanted to see whether measures of insulin resistance improved risk assessment in islet cell antibody (ICA)-positive relatives when added to other immune and metabolic markers. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: The retrospective cohort analysis included 213 family members participating in the European Nicotinamide Diabetes Intervention Trial. All were aged <25 years, with at least one islet antibody in addition to ICA >or=20 Juvenile Diabetes Foundation units. Median length of follow-up was 4.21 years, and 105 individuals developed diabetes. Oral and intravenous glucose tolerance tests were performed at baseline; antibodies to GAD, IA-2, and insulin were determined by radioimmunoassay; and insulin resistance was estimated by homeostasis model assessment. Risk was assessed by Cox regression analysis RESULTS: The overall cumulative risk of diabetes within 5 years was 54.1% (95% CI 46.0-62.3). Multivariate analysis confirmed that baseline first-phase insulin response (FPIR) quartile (P < 0.0001), number of additional antibody markers (P < 0.0001), and 120-min glucose in the oral glucose tolerance test (P < 0.0001) were independent determinants of risk of progression, whereas addition of homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA2-IR) achieved only borderline significance (P = 0.06). HOMA2-IR was an independent determinant in participants with loss of FPIR (P = 0.025) but not in those with preserved FPIR (P = 0.3). CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that insulin resistance accelerates progression to type 1 diabetes in antibody-positive relatives in whom insulin secretion is markedly reduced but does not affect progression when insulin secretion is relatively well preserved. FAU - Bingley, Polly J
Longitudinal data on growth and final height in diabetic children.$$$ The available data on growth in children with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus are conflicting and are mainly derived from cross-sectional studies. In this longitudinal study, height, weight, skeletal age, and pubertal development were recorded until final height was attained in 46 children (22 girls and 24 boys) with onset of diabetes before the age of 10 y. At the onset of diabetes, height SD score (SDS) averaged 0.41 in girls and 0.56 in boys, which was normal when corrected for the secular trend. Prepubertal growth was unaffected in both sexes. Diabetic boys had a marked delay in onset of puberty (mean age at genitalia stage 2: 13.7 y) but attained a normal final height (final height SDS: 0.48 +/- 0.89). In girls final height was slightly reduced (height SDS 0.27 +/- 0.97) due to a suboptimal pubertal growth spurt. Mean pubertal height gain in girls was 16.6 cm and mean age at breast stage 2 was 11.6 y. Diabetic girls also tended to become obese during puberty. Skeletal maturation was normal at all ages. These data suggest that conventional therapy does not guarantee optimal growth, especially in girls. FAU - Du Caju, M V
Timing of maturation and predictors of Tanner stage transitions in boys enrolled in a contemporary British cohort.$$$ This study describes the timing of puberty in 8- to 14-year-old boys enrolled in the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children (ALSPAC) and identifies factors associated with earlier achievement of advanced pubic hair stages. Women were enrolled during pregnancy and their offspring were followed prospectively. We analysed self-reported pubic hair Tanner staging collected annually. We used survival models to estimate median age of attainment of pubic hair stage >1, stage >2 and stage >3 of pubic hair development. We also constructed multivariable logistic regression models to identify factors associated with earlier achievement of pubic hair stages. Approximately 5% of the boys reported Tanner pubic hair stage >1 at age 8; 99% of boys were at stage >1 by age 14. The estimated median ages of entry into stages of pubic hair development were 11.4 years [95% confidence interval (CI) 11.3, 11.4] for stage >1, 12.7 years [95% CI 12.7, 12.8] for stage >2 and 13.5 years [95% CI 13.5, 13.6] for stage >3. Predictors of younger age at Tanner stage >1 included low birthweight, younger maternal age at delivery and being taller at age 8. Associations were found between younger age at attainment of stage >2 and gestational diabetes and taller or heavier body size at age 8. Being taller or heavier at age 8 also predicted younger age at Tanner stage >3. The results give added support to the strong influence of pre-adolescent body size on male pubertal development; the tallest and heaviest boys at 8 years achieved each stage earlier and the shortest boys later. Age at attainment of pubic hair Tanner stages in the ALSPAC cohort are similar to ages reported in other European studies that were conducted during overlapping time periods. This cohort will continue to be followed for maturational information until age 17.
Comparison of puberty and psychosocial adjustment between Taiwanese adolescent females with and without diabetes.$$$ AIMS AND OBJECTIVES: The aims of this study were to (1) determine the differences in puberty and psychosocial adjustment among Taiwanese adolescent females with and without type 1 diabetes mellitus, and (2) examine the interaction between pubertal timing and diabetes in relation to its effect on adolescent's psychosocial adjustment. BACKGROUND: Rapid physical and sexual changes during puberty elicit a wide array of psychosocial adjustments. The effects of pubertal changes among adolescent females with type 1 diabetes mellitus on psychosocial adjustment are unknown. Design.  This study used a comparative, case-controlled design. A total of 82 adolescent females, aged 10-17, were recruited for the study. Forty-one adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus were age-matched to 41 adolescents without type 1 diabetes mellitus. METHODS: Adolescents' psychosocial adjustment, including internalising and externalising behaviours, was assessed using the Child Behaviour Checklist (parental report) and the Youth Self-Report (individual self-report). The self-reported Pubertal Development Scale was used to measure adolescents' puberty, including onset of menses, age at menarche and pubertal timing. RESULTS: When compared to their counterparts, adolescent females with type 1 diabetes mellitus reported a delayed menarche and a delayed puberty. Females with type 1 diabetes mellitus had significantly greater internalising and externalising behaviours than their counterparts according to parental reports. Onset of menses and adolescent self-reported psychosocial adjustment were not different between the two groups. Interaction analyses showed that the association between pubertal timing and internalising behaviours was related to the presence of diabetes. According to parental reports, early pubertal timing had positive effects on internalising behaviours for adolescent females with type 1 diabetes mellitus not for adolescent females without type 1 diabetes mellitus. RELEVANCE TO CLINICAL PRACTICE: A multi-informant approach is suggested when health care professionals assess adolescent psychosocial adjustment. Health care professionals must provide female teenagers with information and opportunities to discuss the impact of type 1 diabetes mellitus on their puberty and psychosocial adjustment.
Postoperative Diabetes Insipidus and Hyponatremia in Children after Transsphenoidal Surgery for Adrenocorticotropin Hormone and Growth Hormone Secreting Adenomas.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To define the incidence and risk factors of postoperative sodium alterations in pediatric patients undergoing transsphenoidal surgery (TSS) for adrenocorticotropic hormone and growth hormone secreting pituitary adenomas. STUDY DESIGN: We retrospectively reviewed 160 patients ≤18 years of age who had TSS for pituitary adenomas at our institution from 1999 to 2017. Variables included daily serum sodium through postoperative day 10, urine specific gravity, and medications administered. We examined associations between sex, repeat surgery, manipulation of the posterior pituitary (PP), tumor invasion into the PP, tumor type and size, cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) leak, lumbar drain insertion, body mass index, puberty, and development of diabetes insipidus (DI) or syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion (SIADH). RESULTS: Mean age was 12.9 ± 3.4 years (female = 81). Patients had adrenocorticotropic hormone (150/160) and growth hormone (10/160) producing adenomas. Forty-two (26%) patients developed DI. Among the 37 of 160 who required desmopressin acutely, 13 of 37 required it long term. Risk of long-term need for desmopressin was significantly higher in patients who had CSF leak 9 of 48 (P = .003), lumbar drain 6 of 30 (P = .019), manipulation 11 of 50 (P < .001), or invasion 4 of 15 (P = .022) of the PP. Sixty patients developed hyponatremia, 19 because of SIADH, 39 to hypotonic fluids and 2 to cerebral salt wasting syndrome. Patients with SIADH were placed on fluid restriction; 1 received salt tablets. CONCLUSIONS: Among 160 children who underwent TSS for pituitary adenomas, the incidence of DI and SIADH after TSS was 26% and 14%, respectively. Combined risk factors for DI and/or SIADH include female sex, manipulation of and/or tumor invasion into the PP, and CSF leak or lumbar drain. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT00001595 and NCT00060541.
Changes in insulin sensitivity over time and associated factors in HIV-infected adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare prevalence of insulin resistance between perinatally HIV-infected (PHIV+) and perinatally HIV-exposed, but uninfected adolescents (PHEU), determine incidence of and contributory factors to new and resolved cases of insulin resistance in PHIV+, and evaluate glucose metabolism. DESIGN: Cross-sectional design for comparison of prevalence among PHIV+ and PHEU. Longitudinal design for incidence and resolution of insulin resistance among PHIV+ at risk for these outcomes. METHODS: The source population was adolescents from pediatric HIV clinics in the United States and Puerto Rico participating in the Pediatric HIV/AIDS Cohort Study, an ongoing prospective cohort study designed to evaluate impact of HIV infection and its treatment on multiple domains in preadolescents and adolescents. Insulin resistance was assessed by homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance. Those with incident insulin resistance underwent 2-h oral glucose tolerance test and HbA1c. Baseline demographic, metabolic, and HIV-specific variables were evaluated for association with incident or resolved insulin resistance. RESULTS: Unadjusted prevalence of insulin resistance in PHIV+ was 27.3 versus 34.1% in PHEU. After adjustment for Tanner stage, age, sex, and race/ethnicity, there was no significant difference between groups. Factors positively associated with developing insulin resistance included female sex, higher BMI z score, and higher waist circumference; those associated with resolving insulin resistance included male sex and lower BMI z score. CONCLUSION: Prevalence of insulin resistance in PHIV+ and PHEU was substantially higher than that reported in HIV-uninfected nonoverweight youth, but similar to that in HIV-uninfected obese youth. Factors associated with incident or resolved insulin resistance among PHIV+ were similar to those reported in HIV-negative obese youth. However, a contributory role of HIV infection and/or its treatment to the incident risk of insulin resistance cannot be excluded. FAU - Geffner, Mitchell E
Puberty timing associated with diabetes, cardiovascular disease and also diverse health outcomes in men and women: the UK Biobank study.$$$ Early puberty timing is associated with higher risks for type 2 diabetes (T2D) and cardiovascular disease in women and therefore represents a potential target for early preventive interventions. We characterised the range of diseases and other adverse health outcomes associated with early or late puberty timing in men and women in the very large UK Biobank study. Recalled puberty timing and past/current diseases were self-reported by questionnaire. We limited analyses to individuals of White ethnicity (250,037 women; 197,714 men) and to disease outcomes with at least 500 cases (~ 0.2% prevalence) and we applied stringent correction for multiple testing (corrected threshold P < 7.48 × 10(-5)). In models adjusted for socioeconomic position and adiposity/body composition variables, both in women and men separately, earlier puberty timing was associated with higher risks for angina, hypertension and T2D. Furthermore, compared to the median/average group, earlier or later puberty timing in women or men was associated with higher risks for 48 adverse outcomes, across a range of cancers, cardio-metabolic, gynaecological/obstetric, gastrointestinal, musculoskeletal, and neuro-cognitive categories. Notably, both early and late menarche were associated with higher risks for early natural menopause in women. Puberty timing in both men and women appears to have a profound impact on later health. FAU - Day, Felix R
Insulin resistance during puberty: results from clamp studies in 357 children.$$$ Insulin resistance may be an important cause of a constellation of cardiovascular risk factors in adults, and onset of this syndrome may occur in childhood. However, children normally experience transient insulin resistance at puberty. There were 357 normal children (159 girls, 198 boys) age 10-14 years who underwent euglycemic clamp studies to assess the effects of Tanner stage (T), sex, ethnicity, and BMI on insulin resistance. Insulin resistance increased immediately at the onset of puberty (T2), but returned to near prepubertal levels by the end of puberty (T5). Its peak occurred at T3 in both sexes, and girls were more insulin resistant than boys at all T stages. White boys appeared to be more insulin resistant than black boys; no difference was seen between white and black girls. Insulin resistance was strongly related to BMI, triceps skinfold thickness, and waist circumference, and this relationship was independent of Tanner stage or sex. Differences in BMI and adiposity did not, however, entirely explain the insulin resistance of puberty. These results demonstrate that 1) significant differences in insulin resistance are present between boys and girls; 2) insulin resistance increases significantly at T2, T3, and T4, but decreases to near prepubertal levels at T5; and 3) while insulin resistance is related to BMI and anthropometric measures of fatness, these factors do not completely explain the insulin resistance that occurs during the Tanner stages of puberty. FAU - Moran, A
Metabolic and reproductive features before and during puberty in daughters of women with polycystic ovary syndrome.$$$ CONTEXT: A significant proportion of the first-degree female relatives of women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) may be at risk for developing PCOS. However, it is not known at which stage of pubertal development the hormonal and metabolic abnormalities ensue in PCOS. OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study was to assess the reproductive and metabolic profiles of daughters of women with PCOS (PCOSd) during the peripubertal period, a stage during which the gonadal axis is activated and PCOS may become clinically manifest. DESIGN: Ninety-nine PCOSd [30 prepubertal and 69 pubertal (Tanner II-V)] and 84 daughters of control women (Cd) (20 prepubertal and 64 pubertal) were studied. An oral glucose tolerance test, a GnRH agonist test (leuprolide acetate, 10 microg/kg sc), and a transabdominal ultrasound were performed. Gonadotropins, sex steroids, SHBG, glucose, insulin, and lipids were determined. RESULTS: Both groups had similar chronological ages and body mass index sd scores according to Tanner stage distribution. Ovarian volume and 2-h insulin were significantly higher in PCOSd compared to Cd at all Tanner stages. In Tanner stages IV and V, basal testosterone and poststimulated LH, testosterone, and 17-hydroxyprogesterone concentrations were significantly higher in PCOSd compared to Cd. CONCLUSIONS: Hyperinsulinemia and an increased ovarian volume are present in PCOSd before the onset of puberty and persist during pubertal development. The biochemical abnormalities of PCOS appear during late puberty. Considering the early onset and the nature of the alterations, PCOSd constitute a high-risk group for metabolic and reproductive derangements. FAU - Sir-Petermann, Teresa
Associations between age at menarche and menopause with cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and osteoporosis in Chinese women.$$$ CONTEXT: Ages at menarche and menopause are associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD), diabetes, and osteoporosis in Caucasian women, but associations remain unexplored in Chinese women. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to assess associations between age at menarche and menopause with CVD, diabetes, and osteoporosis in Chinese women. DESIGN AND SETTING: A cross-sectional, population-based study was conducted in Fujian, China, from June 2011 to January 2012. PARTICIPANTS: Among 6242 women aged 21 to 92 years, 3304 postmenopausal women were enrolled, excluding premenopausal women (n = 2527), those with unreported ages at menarche and menopause (n = 138), those with unrecorded physical measurements (n = 203), and those with menarche age <8 years or >20 years (n = 70). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: An oral glucose tolerance test, a 12-lead resting electrocardiogram, and calcaneus quantitative ultrasound were performed. RESULTS: No significant associations were found between menarche age, diabetes, and osteoporosis (both P > .05); later menarche (>18 years) was significantly associated with lower CVD risk (odds ratio = 0.71, 95% confidence interval, 0.57-0.89; P = .002). Menopause age was not associated with diabetes; higher menopause age was associated with decreasing CVD risk (P for trend = .020) and earlier menopause (≤46 years) with significantly higher osteoporosis risk (odds ratio = 1.59, 95% confidence interval, 1.07-2.36; P = .023). CONCLUSIONS: In China, ages at menarche and menopause are not associated with diabetes. Later menarche and menopause are associated with decreasing CVD risk and earlier menopause with higher osteoporosis risk. Menarche and menopause history may help identify women with increased risk of developing CVD and osteoporosis. FAU - Qiu, Changsheng
Partial remission phase and metabolic control in type 1 diabetes mellitus in children and adolescents.$$$ A better understanding of the remission phase, while residual beta-cell function is still present in recently diagnosed type 1 (insulin dependent) diabetes mellitus (IDDM), is very important because of the potential for pharmacological intervention to preserve this function. To evaluate the natural course and characteristics of the remission phase in children and adolescents with IDDM, a retrospective study was performed on patients diagnosed with IDDM under the age of 18 years during the years 1991-1998. Sixty-two patients whose medical records were available were included in the study. Data were collected by reviewing the hospital records of patients from the time of diagnosis through the first 24 months after diagnosis. The duration of symptoms and history of infection prior to presentation, diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) at diagnosis, length of hospitalization, initial glucose level, basal C-peptide levels at diagnosis, daily insulin requirements per kg body weight and HbA1c at diagnosis and at each visit were recorded. Thirty-five patients (56.5%) entered partial remission. We observed similar remission rates in those aged <10 and > or =10 years at diagnosis and in boys and girls. History of infection and presentation with DKA were associated with a lower rate of remission (p<0.001, p<0.0001, respectively) and were more commonly observed under the age of 10 years (p<0.0001, p<0.0001, respectively). The average insulin requirements per kg body weight calculated at diagnosis decreased with increasing age (r = -0.31, p = 0.012). The length of time until remission was 1.36+/-1.03 (mean +/- SD) months and positively correlated with insulin requirements at discharge from the hospital (r = 0.63, p<0.0001). Mean duration of remission was 11.67+/-5.82 months and was much longer in boys than girls (p<0.05). Six patients, all boys, entered total remission for 3.80+/-3.73 months. HbA1c concentrations in the first year of the disease were significantly lower in patients who underwent a remission phase (7.31+/-1.24% vs. 8.24+/-1.47%, p <0.05). However, this difference was not observed during the second year of the disease. In conclusion, history of infection prior to presentation and DKA at diagnosis were associated with young age and were the most important factors negatively influencing the remission rate in newly diagnosed IDDM patients. FAU - Böber, E
Reproductive factors and risk of type 2 diabetes in an occupational cohort of Chinese women.$$$ AIMS: Hormonal milieu has long been known to play an important role in the development of type 2 diabetes (T2D). The aims of this study are to investigate the roles of menstrual and reproductive factors in relation to T2D risk in an occupational cohort of Chinese women; and to explore the role of endogenous estrogen in T2D development. METHODS: We conducted a cross-sectional analysis of baseline data from 16114 women (11051 premenopausal and 5063 postmenopausal) aged ≥20years who participated in the ongoing prospective occupational cohort study. Multivariable logistic regressions were modeled to evaluate the associations of reproductive factors with T2D risk. RESULTS: Early menarche at age (≤12 versus 15-16 years) was associated with increased T2D risk (odds ratio [OR]: 1.60, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.16-2.22). After multiple adjustment including age, BMI and occupation, postmenopausal status was positively associated with T2D risk (OR: 1.54, 95% CI: 1.10-2.14). Reproductive life span was significantly associated with T2D risk (P=0.02), albeit displaying a U-shape relationship. Similarly, age at menopause was also associated with T2D risk in the same U-shaped as with reproductive life span (P=0.03). Further, years since menopause (P=0.003), but not history of cycle regularity and hormone use, was associated with increased T2D risk. CONCLUSION: Reproductive factors were associated with T2D supporting the notion that either a short or prolonged exposure to endogenous estrogen affects T2D risk in Chinese women. Reproductive factors should be added to risk stratification when counseling women about their risk of developing diabetes.
Leuprolide acetate-stimulated androgen response during female puberty.$$$ BACKGROUND: A physiological increase in androgen levels occurs during adolescence. Measuring androgen concentrations is the best method to distinguish normal evolution processes from hyperandrogenic disorders. HYPOTHESIS: The increase in circulating androgens during puberty is inversely associated with insulin sensitivity in normal weight girls. OBJECTIVE: To assess circulating levels of ovarian androgens and anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH) at baseline and after GnRH analogue (GnRH-a) stimulation in normal pubertal girls across different Tanner stages. We also studied the association between this response and insulin sensitivity. DESIGN: Prospective study of healthy girls (6-12 years) from the local community (n = 63). METHODS: Tanner I (n = 23) subjects were assessed cross-sectionally, and Tanner II girls (n = 40) were evaluated every 6 months until they reached Tanner V. Early morning dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate (DHEA-S), AMH, sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), androstenedione, glucose and insulin levels were measured. A GnRH-a test (500 μg/m(2) ; sc) and oral glucose intolerance test (OGTT) were performed. Differences throughout puberty were evaluated. RESULTS: Basal and/or stimulated Testosterone DHEA-S and 17-hydroxyprogesterone (17OHP) were inversely associated with insulin sensitivity (WIBSI) from the beginning of puberty, whereas androstenedione was directly associated with gonadotrophins. AMH was inversely associated with basal and stimulated gonadotrophins and directly with insulin area under the curve (AUC) only in the early stages of puberty. 17OHP and testosterone responsiveness increased significantly during puberty in all subjects, whereas testosterone levels changed less consistently. This pattern of ovarian-steroidogenic response was most evident during mid- and late puberty. Moreover, during late puberty only, basal 17OHP, testosterone and DHEA-S were positively associated with gonadotrophins. CONCLUSION: In normal nonobese girls born appropriate for gestational age, androgen synthesis was associated with insulin sensitivity in early puberty and with LH only in late puberty.
Persistent apparent pancreatic β-cell defects in premenarchal PCOS relatives.$$$ CONTEXT: Polycystic ovary syndrome confers an increased risk for type 2 diabetes in affected women as early as adolescence. First-degree relatives (FDRs) of affected women are at increased risk for associated reproductive and metabolic phenotypes. OBJECTIVE: We sought to prospectively assess insulin sensitivity and secretion and to measure reproductive hormone levels using sensitive techniques. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Twelve premenarchal FDR girls and 10 control girls of comparable age, Tanner stage, and body mass index were studied at an academic medical center. INTERVENTIONS: Frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance tests and oral glucose tolerance tests were performed. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Reproductive hormone levels, lipid profiles, glucose tolerance, and frequently sampled iv glucose tolerance test parameters of insulin sensitivity and secretion were investigated. RESULTS: Disposition index (DI), insulin secretion corrected for insulin sensitivity, was decreased in FDR compared with control girls at baseline (P = .01), independent of dysglycemia. Decreases in DI persisted in FDR girls during the 2-year follow-up (P = .003). T levels were increased (P = .02) in FDR compared with control girls at baseline, but this difference did not persist because T levels increased in control girls. CONCLUSIONS: DI is decreased in peripubertal FDR girls, and this decrease persists as puberty progresses. These findings suggest that β-cell dysfunction is an early defect in glucose homeostasis preceding decompensation in glucose tolerance in FDR girls. T levels were increased in FDR girls earlier than previously reported, but these changes did not persist, suggesting an earlier onset of pubertal increases in glandular androgen secretion in FDR girls. FAU - Torchen, Laura C
NIRCa: An artificial neural network-based insulin resistance calculator.$$$ BACKGROUND: Direct measurement of insulin sensitivity in children with type 1 diabetes is cumbersome and time consuming. OBJECTIVE: The aim of our study was to develop novel, accurate machine learning-based methods of insulin resistance estimation in children with type 1 diabetes. METHODS: A hyperinsulinemic hyperglycemic clamp study was performed to evaluate the glucose disposal rate (GDR) in a study group consisting of 315 patients aged 7.6 to 19.7 years. The group was randomly divided into a training and independent testing set for model performance assessment. GDR was estimated on the basis of simple clinical variables using 2 non-linear methods: artificial neural networks (ANN) and multivariate adaptive regression splines (MARSplines). The results were compared against the most frequently used predictive model, based on waist circumference, triglyceride (TG), and HbA1c levels. RESULTS: The reference model showed moderate performance ( R (2) = 0.26) with a median absolute percentage error of 49.1%, and with the worst fit observed in young (7-12 years) children ( R (2) = 0.17). Predictions of the MARSplines model were significantly more accurate than those of the reference model (median error 3.6%, R (2) = 0.44 P < .0001). The predictions of the ANN, however, showed significantly lower error than those of the reference model (P < .0001) and MARSplines (P < .0001) and better fit regardless of patient age. ANN-estimated GDRs were within a ±20% error range in 75% of cases with a median error of 0.6% and an R (2) = 0.66. The predictive tool is available at http://link.konsta.com.pl/gdr. CONCLUSIONS: The developed GDR estimation model reliant on ANN allows for an optimized prediction of GDR for research and clinical purposes.
Non-HDL-cholesterol and C-reactive protein in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes.$$$ BACKGROUND: To what extent high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) is associated with known cardiovascular risk factors in children with type 1 diabetes (T1D) has not been fully explored. METHODS: Forty-two T1D children (age: 12+/-1 years) without hypertension, retinopathy, hypothyroidism, albuminuria or other endocrine diseases and 20 controls were studied. Out of the 42 T1D patients studied 57% were prepubertal or early pubertal (Tanner I/II), 38% were pubertal (Tanner III/IV) and 5% post-pubertal (Tanner V). RESULTS: Children with T1D showed higher hsCRP than controls [0.51 (0.31-1.71 vs. 0.20 (0.20-0.90) mg/L, p<0.05]. However, hsCRP levels were not different in subgroup analysis [hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c)>7.5% or disease duration>3 years] within the group of children with T1D. Conversely, non-high density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol was different in the subgroup analysis. Moreover non-HDL-cholesterol was correlated with age (r=0.37, p<0.01), disease duration (r=0.36, p<0.01) and fasting glucose (r=0.55, p<0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: Non-HDL-cholesterol might be more useful than hsCRP to evaluate future cardiovascular risk in children with T1D. FAU - Prado, María Mercedes
Predictors of Insulin Resistance in Children versus Adolescents with Obesity.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Obesity is a risk factor to develop metabolic syndrome (MetS) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Insulin resistance (IR) plays a major part in both. With increasing incidence of childhood obesity, this retrospective study aimed to identify predictors of IR in children/adolescents with obesity to optimize screening for IR. METHOD: Patients aged ≥ 2-≤ 18 years with obesity (BMI-SDS > 2.3) were included. IR was defined as HOMA-IR ≥ 3.4, and MetS if ≥3 of the following criteria were present: waist circumference and blood pressure ≥ 95th age percentile, triglycerides ≥ 1.7 mmol/l, HDL < 1.03 mmol/l, and fasting plasma glucose ≥ 5.6 mmol/l. RESULTS: In total, 777 patients were included. Of the 306 children, 51, 38, and 0 were diagnosed with IR, MetS, and T2DM, respectively. Of the 471 adolescents, 223, 95, and 0 were diagnosed with IR, MetS, and T2DM, respectively. In the multivariable regression model, BMI-SDS, preterm birth, and Tanner stage were associated with IR in children (6.3 (95% CI 1.3-31.1), 5.4 (95% CI 1.4-20.5), 2.2 (95% CI 1.0-4.8)), and BMI-SDS and waist circumference in adolescents (4.0 (95% CI 1.7-9.2), 3.7 (95% CI 1.5-9.4)). CONCLUSION: Different IR predictors were observed in children/adolescents with obesity. These predictors can be used to optimize screening for IR in pediatric populations. FAU - Lentferink, Yvette E
Diagnosing dysglycemia in adolescents with polycystic ovary syndrome.$$$ PURPOSE: Screening for impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) is recommended for adolescents with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) with oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Whether glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) can be used for screening in this patient population is unknown. We sought to determine the utility of HbA1c and 2-hour OGTT for diagnosing dysglycemia in adolescents with PCOS. METHODS: This was a retrospective cohort study of 68 adolescents with PCOS seen in the Boston Children's Hospital Division of Adolescent Medicine between 2008 and 2011 and not known to have diabetes. Prevalence of dysglycemia (impaired fasting glucose, IGT, increased risk for diabetes, or diabetes mellitus as diagnosed by fasting plasma glucose, 2-hour OGTT, and/or HbA1c) and sensitivity and specificity of HbA1c for diagnosing dysglycemia compared with OGTT were assessed. RESULTS: Twenty-four participants had abnormal glucose testing, including one participant (1.5%) who met criteria for diabetes mellitus and 23 participants (34%) who met criteria for impaired fasting glucose/IGT/prediabetes. More patients were identified as having dysglycemia by HbA1c than OGTT. Compared with OGTT, HbA1c had a sensitivity of 60% and a specificity of 69% for diagnosing dysglycemia. CONCLUSIONS: In adolescents with PCOS, HbA1c had moderate sensitivity and specificity for detecting dysglycemia compared with OGTT. Clinicians should be aware that both tests have benefits and limitations, and the optimal test for follow-up requires further study.
Fibroblast growth factor-21, body composition, and insulin resistance in pre-pubertal and early pubertal males and females.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Accumulating evidence derived primarily from animal models suggests that fibroblast growth factor-21 (FGF-21) may affect the musculoskeletal system via effects on the capacity of tissues to respond to insulin. A proportion of musculoskeletal properties and underpinnings of promoting/preventing insulin resistance are established early in the pubertal transition. Thus, the objective of this study was to test the hypothesis that insulin resistance and/or obesity will promote greater FGF-21 concentration which will be inversely associated with musculoskeletal parameters [lean mass and bone mineral content (BMC)] in pre-/early pubertal children. Given the sexual dimorphic nature of musculoskeletal development of fat mass accrual, differences by obesity status and sex were also investigated. DESIGN: Cross-sectional. PATIENTS: Children ages 7-12 years (n = 69, 38% male, 48% non-Hispanic black, 45% obese). MEASUREMENTS: Fasting FGF-21, glucose and insulin measures were obtained. An estimate of insulin resistance was derived using the homoeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Body composition (BMC, lean mass and fat mass) was assessed by DXA. Multivariate regression analysis was used to evaluate the influence of FGF-21 on BMC, lean mass and HOMA-IR as dependent variables. Obesity status was established based on BMI z-score. RESULTS: FGF-21 concentrations did not differ by obesity status or by sex. There was an inverse association between FGF-21 and BMC among nonobese individuals (P = 0·01) and an inverse association between FGF-21 and lean mass among females (P = 0·02), which were both independent of fat mass. FGF-21 was inversely associated with HOMA-IR in males, but not females (P = 0·04). CONCLUSIONS: The existence of relationships of FGF-21 with musculoskeletal parameters and insulin resistance raises the possibility of crosstalk between these systems. These findings suggest that circulating FGF-21 may differ in its association with bone, lean mass and insulin resistance depending on sex and weight status.
Typical Pubertal Timing in an Australian Population of Girls and Boys with Autism Spectrum Disorder.$$$ Secondary data analyses from the Longitudinal Study of Australian Children Kindergarten cohort were performed to understand any alterations in pubertal timing in Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) in a population sample. Timing of parent-reported pubertal events (ages 8-9, 10-11, 12-13 years), and self-report (14-15 years; N = 3454 no ASD, N = 94 with ASD) included breast development, menses, skin changes, growth spurt, body hair, deepening voice and facial hair. Survival analyses and Cox regression controlling for covariates showed no evidence of altered pubertal onset amongst males with ASD. In contrast to some past studies, there was also no difference in pubertal timing in females with ASD. These exploratory findings suggest typical puberty timing in a population representative group of young people with ASD. FAU - May, Tamara
Age at menarche is associated with prediabetes and diabetes in women (aged 32-81 years) from the general population: the KORA F4 Study.$$$ AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The aim of this study was to examine the association between age at menarche and prediabetes as well as diabetes, considering confounding factors and the possible mediating role of adult obesity. METHODS: This cross-sectional study analysed data on 1,503 women aged 32-81 years from the German population-based KORA (Cooperative Health Research in the Region of Augsburg, South Germany) F4 Study (2006-2008). Data were collected by standardised interviews, physical examinations, and whole blood and serum measurements, including administration of an OGTT in non-diabetic participants. RESULTS: Of the 1,503 women, 226 showed a prediabetic state (impaired fasting glucose and/or impaired glucose tolerance) and 140 persons had diabetes (45 participants with previously undiagnosed diabetes and 95 with known diabetes). In Poisson regression analysis, age at menarche was significantly inversely associated with prediabetes or diabetes after adjustment for year of birth (RR 0.88; 95% CI 0.82, 0.94, p < 0.0001 per additional year of menarche) and after additional adjustment for a number of confounding factors (RR 0.88; 95% CI 0.83, 0.94, p = 0.0001). Further adjustment for current BMI slightly attenuated the association with prediabetes or diabetes (RR 0.89; 95% CI 0.83, 0.95, p = 0.0009), but the association remained clearly significant. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Age at menarche seems to be inversely associated with prediabetes and diabetes independent of confounding factors including current BMI. Women at risk for diabetes might be identified by a history of young age at menarche. FAU - Stöckl, D
Impact of insulin pump therapy on long-term glycemic control in a pediatric Spanish cohort.$$$ AIMS: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of Continuous Subcutaneous Insulin Infusion (CSII) in a pediatric cohort and to determine if the ISPAD/IDF/ADA criteria for good metabolic control are achieved during long periods of time. METHODS: Retrospective longitudinal study including ninety patients [10.5 (6.5-13.9) years of age, 58% males]. Age at debut, type 1 diabetes mellitus duration, pubertal stage, HbA1c, insulin dose, mean number of glycemic controls, number of basal rates, % basal/total insulin, severe hypoglycemia and diabetic ketoacidosis events were analyzed. Subgroup analysis based on age and pubertal stage was performed. RESULTS: HbA1c decreased from 6.9% [52 mmol/mol] to 6.7% [50 mmol/mol] after one year of CSII. Afterwards, it remained less than 7% during the follow-up period (median 3.5 ± 1.8 years (range 1-8). Prior to CSII, 76% of the subjects met ISPAD/ADA criteria. One year after initiating CSII, 96% of children had HbA1c<7.5%. Improvement in glycohemoglobin levels was most prominent in those patients with the highest HbA1c initial levels. Total insulin dose decreased from 0.89 to 0.73 UI/kg/day (p<0.001). Proportion of basal/total insulin changed significantly (47 to 42% (p<0.05)). Number of fractions of the basal rate increased from 5.6 ± 1.8 at one year of CSII to 6.7 ± 2.1 five years later. Incidence of severe hypoglycemic events decreased from 19 to 6.9 episodes/100 patient-year. Only 2 episodes of diabetic ketoacidosis occurred. CONCLUSIONS: CSII allows reaching ISPAD/IDF/ADA goals safely during an extended follow-up period in a diabetic pediatric cohort.
Growth Trajectory in Children with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: The Impact of Insulin Treatment and Metabolic Control.$$$ BACKGROUND: Linear growth was reported to be negatively affected by type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), in relation to disease duration and poor metabolic control. It is unclear whether a subtle growth failure still persists despite the optimization of therapy. Our aim was to analyse pubertal growth, adult height, and metabolic profile in a cohort of children with T1DM undergoing intensive insulin treatment by multiple daily injections or continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII). METHODS: One-hundred and four children (51 males) with prepubertal onset of T1DM were prospectively followed up to final height attainment. RESULTS: Age at puberty onset was 11.7 ± 1.1 years in males and 10.9 ± 1.3 in females. Age at adult height attainment was 16.4 ± 1.6 years in males and 14.1 ± 1.8 years in females. Pubertal height gain was 24.4 ± 4.9 cm in males and 19.0 ± 3.8 cm in females. HbA1c, HDL cholesterol, and triglyceride levels increased during puberty. HDL cholesterol levels were higher in patients treated with CSII. Height standard deviation score (SDS) at diagnosis (0.52 ± 1.04) was higher than target height SDS (0.01 ± 1.07), but declined afterwards, and both height SDS at puberty onset (0.22 ± 1.1) and adult height SDS (-0.1 ± 1.02) were not significantly different from target height SDS. BMI SDS showed a positive trend from diagnosis to puberty onset and stabilized later (-0.04 ± 1.4 at T1DM onset, 0.55 ± 2.1 at puberty onset, and 0.53 ± 2.1 at adult height attainment). CONCLUSIONS: Although subtle abnormalities of growth still persist, the modern advancements of insulin therapy are able to normalize puberty and final height of children with T1DM.
Presentation and 5-year follow-up of type 2 diabetes mellitus in African-American and Caribbean-Hispanic adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVE: We report the presentation and 5-year follow-up of 89 African-American (AA) and Caribbean-Hispanic (CH) youths with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) followed at the Montefiore Medical Center, Bronx, N.Y., USA, from 1990 to 2000. METHODS: The medical records of 89 patients with T2DM diagnosed between 1990 and 2000 were reviewed. RESULTS: Over a 10-year period, the number of pediatric patients less than 18 years of age diagnosed with T2DM at the Montefiore Medical Center increased tenfold. At presentation, the mean age was 14 +/- 2.3 years, the mean body mass index (BMI) was 34.4 +/- 9 kg/m(2), the female/male ratio was 1.6:1, and all these patients were pubertal. Acanthosis nigricans was present in 89% of the patients, polyuria and polydipsia occurred in 48%, weight loss occurred in 22%, and nearly 30% of the patients were asymptomatic at diagnosis. Diabetic ketoacidosis occurred in 5 patients. By 5 years after diagnosis, 45% of the patients were able to maintain an HgbA1C <7% with oral medications (metformin and/or glipizide); 18% required insulin (<0.4 U/kg/day) in addition to oral medications, and 37% did not require any medication. The mean insulin level, BMI and HgbA1C at the time of diagnosis did not predict treatment requirements for 3 years after diagnosis. CONCLUSIONS: Because the incidence of T2DM is increasing in adolescents, the natural history and optimal therapy for adolescents with T2DM need to be established.
Exposure to Diabetes in Utero Is Associated with Earlier Pubertal Timing and Faster Pubertal Growth in the Offspring: The EPOCH Study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine the associations of in utero exposure to maternal diabetes with surrogate measures of offspring pubertal timing (age at peak height velocity [APHV]) and speed of pubertal growth (peak height velocity [PHV]). STUDY DESIGN: Data from 77 exposed and 340 unexposed youth followed from age 2 to 19 years (51% non-Hispanic white, 50% female) were analyzed using the Exploring Perinatal Outcomes among Children study, a historical prospective cohort. Maternal diabetes status was collected from obstetric records, and child heights from 2 years to current age from pediatric records. Other covariates were collected during research visits. The superimposition by translation and rotation method, using height measurements (4-52 per participant), modeled APHV and PHV. Accelerated failure time analyses were used to test whether exposure to maternal diabetes was associated with younger APHV and faster PHV. RESULTS: Adjusting for child's sex, race/ethnicity, and socioeconomic status, median APHV was reached ~3 months earlier in youth exposed to maternal diabetes compared with unexposed youth (P < .03). Youth exposed to maternal diabetes had a faster PHV than unexposed youth: exposed girls had 10.5% greater median PHV compared with unexposed girls and exposed boys had a 4.0% greater median PHV compared with unexposed boys (P < .001 for exposure by sex interaction). CONCLUSIONS: Our findings provide evidence that exposure to maternal diabetes in utero is associated with earlier pubertal timing and faster pubertal growth. Whether earlier puberty or faster speed of pubertal growth mediates the association between maternal diabetes exposure and later chronic disease risk remains to be studied.
The trajectory of IGF-1 across age and duration of type 1 diabetes.$$$ BACKGROUND: Individuals with type 1 diabetes may have low IGF-1, related to insulinopenia and insulin resistance. There are few longitudinal studies of IGF-1 levels to establish its pattern in type 1 diabetes with duration and age, and to examine whether IGF-1 tracks within individuals over time. We examine age and duration trends, and the relationship of IGF-1 to gender, glycaemic control, insulin level and other factors. METHODS: Participants in the Wisconsin Diabetes Registry Study, an incident cohort study of type 1 diabetes diagnosed May 1987-April 1992, were followed for up to 18 years with IGF-1 samples up to age 45 for women and age 37 for men. RESULTS: IGF-1 is lower with type 1 diabetes than in normative samples. Although, the pattern across age resembles that in normative samples with a peak in adolescence and slow decline after age 20, the adolescent peak is delayed for women with type 1 diabetes. There was low to moderate tracking of IGF-1 within an individual. Higher insulin dose was associated with higher IGF-1 as was puberty, and female gender. Adjusted for these factors, IGF-1 declined rapidly across early diabetes duration. Lower HbA1c was most strongly related to higher IGF-1 at Tanner stages 1 and 2. CONCLUSIONS: IGF-1 is low in type 1 diabetes, with a delayed adolescent peak in women and is especially influenced by glycaemic control in early and pre-adolescence. High variability within an individual is likely a challenge in investigating associations between IGF-1 and long-term outcomes, and may explain contradictory findings.
Impact of Age of Onset, Puberty, and Glycemic Control Followed From Diagnosis on Incidence of Retinopathy in Type 1 Diabetes: The VISS Study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate sex, age at diabetes onset, puberty, and HbA(1c), with subjects followed from diabetes diagnosis and during different time periods, as risk factors for developing diabetic simplex and proliferative retinopathy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In a population-based observational study, HbA(1c) for 451 patients diagnosed with diabetes before 35 years of age during 1983-1987 in southeast Sweden was followed for up to 18-24 years from diagnosis. Long-term mean weighted HbA(1c) (wHbA(1c)) was calculated. Retinopathy was evaluated by fundus photography and analyzed in relation to wHbA(1c) levels. RESULTS: Lower wHbA(1c), diabetes onset ≤5 years of age, and diabetes onset before puberty, but not sex, were associated with longer time to appearance of simplex retinopathy. Proliferative retinopathy was associated only with wHbA(1c). The time to first appearance of any retinopathy decreased with increasing wHbA(1c). Lower wHbA(1c) after ≤5 years' diabetes duration was associated with later onset of simplex retinopathy but not proliferative retinopathy. With time, most patients developed simplex retinopathy, except for those of the category wHbA(1c) ≤50 mmol/mol (6.7%), for which 20 of 36 patients were without any retinopathy at the end of the follow-up in contrast to none of 49 with wHbA(1c) >80 mmol/mol (9.5%). CONCLUSIONS: Onset at ≤5 years of age and lower wHbA(1c) the first 5 years after diagnosis are associated with longer duration before development of simplex retinopathy. There is a strong positive association between long-term mean HbA(1c) measured from diagnosis and up to 20 years and appearance of both simplex and proliferative retinopathy.
Relationship of smoking and albuminuria in children with insulin-dependent diabetes.$$$ Recent evidence suggests the rise in urinary albumin excretion preceding diabetic nephropathy may represent a continuum. We therefore studied factors relating to albumin excretion rate in children with insulin-dependent diabetes. Normal overnight albumin excretion rate was determined in 690 healthy schoolchildren. The 95th centile was 7.2 micrograms min-1. Patients included 169 children with IDDM aged 12.4 +/- 3.1 years who performed 4.8 +/- 0.4 overnight collections during 15 +/- 0.5 months and were analysed cross sectionally. They were stratified accordingly to mean albumin excretion rate: normal < 7.2 micrograms min-1, borderline 7.2-20 micrograms min-1, microalbuminuria 20-200 micrograms min-1; 96/169 patients performed 6.4 +/- 0.2 overnight collections during 24 months follow-up and were analysed longitudinally. Cigarette smoking was determined by history and urine cotinine levels. Smoking correlated with albumin excretion rate, independent of age and other variables, in cross-sectional and longitudinal analysis (p < 0.003). Smoking was more prevalent in the borderline albuminuria and microalbuminuria groups (p < 0.004, p < 0.001). Mean HbA1c during follow-up and mean HbA1c since diagnosis were significantly higher in the microalbuminuric group, compared with the normal patient group. HbA1c since diagnosis, mean blood pressure, lipoprotein(a), and apolipoprotein B did not correlate with albumin excretion rate, after controlling for other variables. Our findings highlight the continuing need for strategies to prevent smoking in this age group. FAU - Couper, J J
How does physical activity and fitness influence glycaemic control in young people with Type 1 diabetes?$$$ AIMS: To assess physical activity and fitness levels of young people with Type 1 diabetes compared with siblings without diabetes, and to investigate the association between physical activity, physical fitness and glycaemic control (HbA(1c)) in those young people with diabetes. METHODS: The study consisted of 97 young people aged 8 to 16 years (62% male) from a Paediatric Diabetes Service in South West England. Sixty participants (67% male) had Type 1 diabetes and 37 participants (54% male) were siblings without diabetes (control group). We measured weight, height and waist circumference, calculated BMI and waist-height ratio and recorded pubertal status, blood pressure and current insulin regimen information. We assessed physical activity by accelerometry, from which we calculated light and moderate-to-vigorous intensity activity. We measured physical fitness by multistage sub-maximal bicycle ergometer test. We obtained HbA(1c) by venipuncture. RESULTS: There were no differences between the young people with diabetes and siblings without diabetes in body composition, blood pressure, physical activity and fitness. Moderate-to-vigorous physical activity was associated with better glycaemic control, accounting for 30-37% (R(2) = 0.295-0.374) of the variance for HbA(1c). Physical fitness was not associated with HbA(1c). CONCLUSIONS: Moderate-to-vigorous physical activity was associated with better glycaemic control while fitness was not. Findings suggest that developing strategies to increased moderate-to-vigorous physical activity may prove an effective method of improving glycaemic control in young people with diabetes.
Insulin resistance and impaired glucose tolerance in obese children and adolescents referred to a tertiary-care center in Israel.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To establish the prevalence of insulin resistance and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and their determinants in a cohort of obese children and adolescents. METHODS: A retrospective design was used. The study group included 234 patients with a body mass index (BMI) greater than the 95th percentile for age and gender and 22 patients with a BMI between the 85th and 95th percentile for age and gender referred for evaluation to a major tertiary-care center in Israel. Ages ranged from 5 to 22 y. Estimates of insulin resistance (homeostatic model assessment (HOMA-IR)); insulin sensitivity (ratio of fasting glucose (GF) to fasting insulin (IF) (GF/IF), the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI)), and pancreatic beta-cell function (HOMA-derived beta-cell function (HOMA %B)) were derived from fasting measurements. An oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was performed in 192 patients to determine the presence of IGT. RESULTS: Insulin resistance was detected in 81.2% of the patients, IGT in 13.5%, and silent diabetes in one adolescent girl. Only two patients with IGT also had impaired fasting glucose (IFG). The prevalence of IGT was higher in adolescents than prepubertal children (14.7 vs 8.6%). GF/IF and QUICKI decreased significantly during puberty (P<0.005), whereas HOMA-IR and HOMA %B did not. Insulin resistance and insulin sensitivity indexes were not associated with ethnicity, presence of acanthosis nigricans or family history of type 2 diabetes. Patients with obesity complications had lower insulin sensitivity indexes than those without (P=0.05). Compared with subjects with normal glucose tolerance (NGT), patients with IGT had significantly higher fasting blood glucose (85.9+/-6.5 vs 89.2+/-10.6 mg/dl, P<0.05), higher 2-h post-OGGT insulin levels (101.2+/-74.0 vs 207.6+/-129.7 microU/ml, P<0.001), a lower QUICKI (0.323+/-0.031 vs 0.309+/-0.022, P<0.05), and higher fasting triglyceride levels (117.4+/-53.1 vs 156.9+/-68.9, P=0.002). However, several of the fasting indexes except QUICKI failed to predict IGT. There was no difference between the group with IGT and the group with NGT in fasting insulin, HOMA-IR, HOMA %B or the male-to-female ratio, age, BMI-SDS, presence of acanthosis nigricans, ethnicity, and family history of type 2 diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Insulin resistance is highly prevalent in obese children and adolescents. The onset of IGT is associated with the development of severe hyperinsulinemia as there are no predictive cutpoint values of insulin resistance or insulin sensitivity indexes for IGT, and neither fasting blood glucose nor insulin levels nor HOMA-IR or HOMA %B are effective screening tools; an OGTT is required in all subjects at high risk. Longitudinal studies are needed to identify the metabolic precursors and the natural history of the development of type 2 diabetes in these patients. FAU - Shalitin, S
Microalbuminuria in diabetic adolescents and children--feasibility phase of a national cross-sectional study. MIDAC Research Group.$$$ Our objective was to assess the feasibility of examining the prevalence of microalbuminuria nationally and to validate the effectiveness of the collection and central analysis of biological specimens. In a centrally coordinated, cross-sectional, multicenter pilot study in pediatric, diabetes outpatients clinics in UK and the Republic of Ireland, blood and urine samples were collected from patients aged between 10 and 20 years, with a duration of insulin-dependent diabetes greater than 1 year attending diabetes outpatient clinics, between April 1996 and February 1997. These samples were analyzed at a central reference laboratory for HbA1C using high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) and for urinary albumin and creatinine concentrations using spectrophotometry. Clinical data were collected locally and sent to the coordinator for analysis. A total of 419 patients were recruited to the study from ten centers of whom 308 (74%) correctly provided three timed overnight urine samples; 13 patients (4.2%) were microalbuminuric (AER > or =20 microg min(-1) in at least two of three urine samples), 1 (0.3%) was proteinuric (AER > or = 200 microg min(-1) in at least two of three urine samples). All patients found to have microalbuminuria and proteinuria were pubertal or post-pubertal. This study demonstrates that it is possible to coordinate a network of centers in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland for the purposes of diabetes research in young adults and children. The level of abnormal albumin excretion of 4.5% is less than previously described in such age groups in other countries. FAU - Moore, T H
Normative range of blood biochemical parameters in urban Indian school-going adolescents.$$$ Adolescence is the most critical phase of human growth that radically alters physiology of the body and wherein any inconsistency can lead to serious health consequences in adulthood. The timing and pace at which various developmental events occur during adolescence is highly diverse and thus results in a drastic change in blood biochemistry. Monitoring the physiological levels of various biochemical measures in ample number of individuals during adolescence can call up for an early intervention in managing metabolic diseases in adulthood. Today, only a couple of studies in different populations have investigated blood biochemistry in a small number of adolescents however, there is no comprehensive biochemical data available worldwide. In view, we performed a cross-sectional study in a sizeable group of 7,618 Indian adolescents (3,333 boys and 4,285 girls) aged between 11-17 years to inspect the distribution of values of common biochemical parameters that generally prevails during adolescence and we observed that various parameters considerably follow the reported values from different populations being 3.56-6.49mmol/L (fasting glucose), 10.60-199.48pmol/L (insulin), 0.21-3.22nmol/L (C-peptide), 3.85-6.25% (HbA1c), 2.49-5.54mmol/L (total cholesterol), 1.16-3.69mmol/L (LDL), 0.78-1.85mmol/L (HDL), 0.33-2.24mmol/L (triglycerides), 3.56-11.45mmol/L (urea), 130.01-440.15μmol/L (uric acid) and 22.99-74.28μmol/L (creatinine). Barring LDL and triglycerides, all parameters differed significantly between boys and girls (p< 0.001). Highest difference was seen for uric acid (p = 1.3 x10-187) followed by C-peptide (p = 6.6 x10-89). Across all ages during adolescence, glycemic and nitrogen metabolites parameters varied markedly with gender. Amongst lipid parameters, only HDL levels were found to be significantly associated with gender following puberty (p< 0.001). All parameters except urea, differed considerably in obese and lean adolescents (p< 0.0001). The present study asserts that age, sex and BMI are the essential contributors to variability in blood biochemistry during adolescence. Our composite data on common blood biochemical measures will benefit future endeavors to define reference intervals in adolescents especially when the global availability is scarce. FAU - Bandesh, Khushdeep
Normal Pubertal Development in Daughters of Women With PCOS: A Controlled Study.$$$ CONTEXT: Daughters of women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) are thought to be at increased risk for developing stigmata of the syndrome, but the ontogeny during puberty is uncertain. OBJECTIVE: We phenotyped daughters (n = 76) of mothers with PCOS and daughters (n = 80) from control mothers for reproductive and metabolic parameters characteristic of PCOS. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: We performed a matched case/control study at Penn State Hershey Medical Center that included non-Hispanic, white girls 4 to 17 years old. INTERVENTION: We obtained birth history, biometric, ovarian ultrasounds, whole-body dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry scan for body composition, 2-hour glucose challenged salivary insulin levels, and two timed urinary collections (12 hours overnight and 3 hours in the morning) for gonadotropins and sex steroids. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: We measured integrated urinary levels of adrenal (dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate) and ovarian [testosterone (TT)] steroids. Other endpoints included integrated salivary insulin levels and urinary luteinizing hormone levels. RESULTS: There were no differences in detection rates or mean levels for gonadotropins and sex steroids in timed urinary collections between PCOS daughters and control daughters, nor were there differences in integrated salivary insulin levels. Results showed that 69% of Tanner 4/5 PCOS daughters vs 31% of control daughters had hirsutism defined as a Ferriman-Gallwey score >8 (P = 0.04). There were no differences in body composition as determined by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry between groups in the three major body contents (i.e., bone, lean body mass, and fat) or in ovarian volume between groups. CONCLUSIONS: Matched for pubertal stage, PCOS daughters have similar levels of urinary androgens and gonadotropins as well as glucose-challenged salivary insulin levels.
Age at menarche and risk of type 2 diabetes: results from 2 large prospective cohort studies.$$$ The authors investigated the association between age at menarche and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) among 101,415 women from the Nurses' Health Study (NHS) aged 34-59 years (1980-2006) and 100,547 women from Nurses' Health Study II (NHS II) aged 26-46 years (1991-2005). During 2,430,274 and 1,373,875 person-years of follow-up, respectively, 7,963 and 2,739 incident cases of T2DM were documented. Young age at menarche was associated with increased risk of T2DM after adjustment for potential confounders, including body figure at age 10 years and body mass index (BMI; weight (kg)/height (m)(2)) at age 18 years. Relative risks of T2DM across age-at-menarche categories (< or =11, 12, 13, 14, and > or =15 years) were 1.18 (95% confidence interval (CI): 1.10, 1.27), 1.09 (95% CI: 1.02, 1.17), 1.00 (referent), 0.92 (95% CI: 0.83, 1.01), and 0.95 (95% CI: 0.84, 1.06), respectively, in the NHS (P for trend < 0.0001) and 1.40 (95% CI: 1.24, 1.57), 1.13 (95% CI: 1.00, 1.27), 1.00 (referent), 0.98 (95% CI: 0.82, 1.18), and 0.96 (95% CI: 0.78, 1.19), respectively, in NHS II (P for trend < 0.0001). Associations were substantially attenuated after additional control for updated time-varying BMI. These data suggest that early menarche is associated with increased risk of T2DM in adulthood. The association may be largely mediated through excessive adult adiposity. The association was stronger among younger women, supporting a role for sex hormones in younger onset of T2DM, in addition to BMI. FAU - He, Chunyan
Associations of the ages at menarche and menopause with blood pressure and hypertension among middle-aged and older Chinese women: a cross-sectional analysis of the baseline data of the China Health and Retirement Longitudinal Study.$$$ We evaluated the associations of the ages at menarche and menopause with blood pressure (BP) and hypertension using the baseline data of 7893 women from the China Health and Retirement Longitudinal Study, a nationally representative survey among Chinese adults aged ≥45 years. Multivariate linear and logistic regression analyses were performed to evaluate the associations of the ages at menarche and men`opause with BP and hypertension, respectively. Nonlinear associations were evaluated using spline analyses. After controlling for age, education, marital status, living areas, smoking, drinking, and medication use if necessary, an early onset of menarche by 1 year was associated with a 6% (95% confidence interval [CI]: 3-9%) higher odds of hypertension and 0.82 mm Hg (P < 0.001) and 0.41 mm Hg (P < 0.001) higher systolic and diastolic BP, respectively. When further controlling for the body mass index (BMI), blood glucose, and lipids, the associations were still significant. Spline analyses did not support U-shaped relationships between menarche age and hypertension risk (P = 0.35), systolic BP (P = 0.60), or diastolic BP (P = 0.70). When stratified by location of residence, menarche age was only associated with BP and hypertension among women living in rural areas. The age of menopause was positively associated with hypertension (odds ratio [OR] = 1.02 per year delay of menopause, 95% CI: 1.01-1.03). However, when further controlling for BMI, such an association no longer existed (OR = 1.01, P = 0.32). These findings indicated that the associations of menarche age with BP and hypertension may be modified by factors related to the area of residence in China, and the association between menopause age and hypertension was driven by BMI. FAU - Shen, Luqi
Type 2 diabetes mellitus among children and adolescents in Al-Ain: a case series.$$$ To characterize the features of type 2 diabetes mellitus among children and adolescents in Al-Ain, the records of every child with diabetes attending a teaching hospital in the city from January 1990 to December 2001 were retrospectively examined. Of 96 young people newly diagnosed with diabetes mellitus, 11 were identified as type 2. The clinical characteristics were: pubertal onset, female preponderance, obesity, strong family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus, high plasma glucose at presentation, adequate beta cell reserve and serum pancreatic islet cell antibody negativity. This case series adds to the evidence that type 2 diabetes mellitus is emerging among children in our region. FAU - Punnose, J
Differential analysis of nutrient intake, insulin resistance and lipid profiles between healthy and premature thelarche Chinese girls.$$$ BACKGROUND: Premature thelarche (PT) is a benevolent ailment affecting young girls. Multiple factors are reported to correlate with this condition, but the mechanisms responsible for the onset of PT have not yet been fully investigated. This study aimed to evaluate the relationship of nutrient intake, insulin resistance and lipid profile with PT. METHODS: Two hundred sixty-three girls with PT, and 222 healthy girls of similar age were enrolled into this study. Their demographics, Tanner stage of breast development, nutrient intake, insulin resistance and lipid profiles were compared. RESULTS: Daily protein and fat intakes, insulin resistance parameters including serum insulin-like growth factor 1, fasting glucose to insulin ratio, quantitative insulin check index and homeostasis model of assessment of insulin resistance, as well as serum levels of triacylglycerol, total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein, were all significantly altered in PT patients. Daily intake of energy and carbohydrate, and serum level of high-density lipoprotein protein were statistically indistinguishable between PT patients and healthy controls. CONCLUSION: Chinese girls with PT are potentially insulin resistant, which warrants more clinical attention and further investigation to address the underlying etiology. FAU - Xu, Yueqin
Inflammatory markers are increased in youth with type 1 diabetes: the SEARCH Case-Control study.$$$ CONTEXT: Increased inflammation may contribute to type 1 diabetes (T1D) complications. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to investigate the association of inflammation with obesity, hyperglycemia and dyslipidemia in youth with T1D. DESIGN: This was a cross-sectional study of youth with and without T1D. SETTING: The study was conducted in Colorado and South Carolina. PATIENTS: SEARCH Case-Control participants with T1D [n = 553, mean age 15 yr (range 10-22), median duration 2.7 yr] and without diabetes [n = 215, mean age 15 yr (range 10-22)]. INTERVENTION: This was an observational study. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: IL-6, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), fibrinogen, and leptin were measured. RESULTS: Inflammatory markers were evaluated by diabetes status, quartiles of glycated hemoglobin, and obesity using multiple linear regression analyses, adjusted for age, sex, study site, race/ethnicity, T1D duration, body mass index, and pubertal status. Compared with controls, youth with T1D had higher IL-6 and fibrinogen levels at all levels of glycemia and obesity, and hsCRP levels were significantly higher in youth with T1D in the top three quartiles of glycated hemoglobin (> or = 7.2%) and among normal-weight subjects. Leptin was lower in youth with poor glycemic control. Higher hsCRP and fibrinogen were correlated with higher total and LDL cholesterol, and apolipoprotein B in youth with T1D, whereas higher fibrinogen was correlated with higher LDL and apolipoprotein B in controls. CONCLUSIONS: T1D is characterized by excess inflammation, independent of adiposity and glycemic control. Even T1D youth in good glycemic control had higher levels of IL-6 and fibrinogen than controls. Elevated inflammatory markers were associated with an atherogenic lipid profile, which may contribute to accelerated atherosclerosis in youth with T1D. FAU - Snell-Bergeon, Janet K
Sex, puberty, and ethnicity have a strong influence on growth and metabolic comorbidities in children and adolescents with obesity: Report on 1300 patients (the Madrid Cohort).$$$ BACKGROUND: The capacity to correctly assess insulin resistance and its role in further obesity-associated metabolic derangement in children is under debate, and its determinants remain largely unknown. OBJECTIVE: We investigated the association of the insulin secretion profile with other metabolic derangements and anthropometric features in children and adolescents with obesity, exploring the role of ethnicity. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Growth and metabolic features, including fasting insulin levels and insulin secretory profile in an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), were analyzed according to ethnicity in 1300 patients with obesity (75.8% Caucasians/19.0% Latinos). RESULTS: Height and bone age were influenced by sex, ethnicity, and insulinemia. Latino patients had higher insulin (P < .001), but similar glycemia both prepubertally and postpubertally, compared with Caucasians. Type 2 diabetes was uncommon (0.1%). Impaired glucose tolerance was associated to higher age, BMI, uric acid, and triglyceride levels (all P < .05), as was fasting hyperinsulinism. Impaired fasting glucose or HbA1c 5.7% to 6.4% showed no association with further metabolic derangement. A delayed insulin peak in the OGTT was associated to more severe metabolic disturbances. CONCLUSIONS: Obesity-associated hyperglycemia is unusual in our environment whereas fasting and late postprandial hyperinsulinemia are highly prevalent, with this being influenced by race and closely related with lipid metabolism impairment.
Lowering the age at menarche and risk of early menarche in a population of Spanish postmenopausal women during the past two decades.$$$ AIM: The purpose of this study is to confirm in our population the decreasing secular trend in the age of menarche (AAM) observed in other European countries. Another aim is to investigate the association between early menarche and breast cancer, metabolic disorders risk or early menopause. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We conducted a nationwide population-based study of 1980 Caucasoid Spanish postmenopausal women from 2003 to 2006 to investigate the AAM, the duration of the fertile period and the relation of early menarche with breast cancer and some metabolic disorders. RESULTS: Regression analysis of AAM demonstrates a trend towards the younger AAM in our population during the past decades (P > 0.001). Parallel to this decrease we observe a significant increase in the fertility period and the height of our population (P < 0.001). In the women with AAM less than 11 years, there is an increased risk of hypercholesterolaemia, being overweight and obesity. However, early menarche does not raise the risk of adult onset diabetes, hypertension or breast cancer. CONCLUSIONS: These data indicate a decreasing secular trend of AAM in a Spanish population in the last decades. Furthermore, hypercholesterolaemia and obesity, but not breast cancer, appears to be influenced by younger AAM. Only women who have their menarche at the age of nine years or less are more likely to have an earlier menopause. FAU - Mendoza, Nicolás
Changes in weight and BMI following the diagnosis of type 1 diabetes in children and adolescents.$$$ The aim of this study was to study weight and body mass index (BMI) before, at, and after diagnosis of type 1 diabetes (T1D) and to identify factors associated with weight gain. Studied retrospectively were 209 children <18 years with T1D followed for 6 years. Data collected included clinical and laboratory data before diagnosis, at diagnosis, and during 6 years of follow-up. Anthropometric parameters of patients were compared along follow-up and with those of their parents and siblings. Mean BMI-standard deviation score (SDS) was below average at diagnosis (-0.66 ± 1.27), had increased to 0.37 ± 0.93 at 3 months, and decreased to a nadir at 6 months in females and 12 months in males; between 1 and 3 years, there was a slight increase and between 3 and 6 years a further increase only in the females. BMI-SDS at 6 years was significantly higher than pre-diabetes BMI-SDS (0.35 ± 0.83 vs. -0.04 ± 1.23, p < 0.001). Patients' BMI-SDS at 6 years was similar to that of their parents and siblings, was higher in the females (0.53 ± 0.74 vs. 0.27 ± 0.82, p = 0.02) and in those keeping diabetes a secret (0.66 ± 0.82 vs. 0.33 ± 0.78, p = 0.027), and was not associated with age or pubertal stage at diagnosis, ethnicity, or metabolic control. A longer duration of insulin pump therapy was associated with a lower BMI-SDS (r = -0.2375, p < 0.025). BMI-SDS increased during the 6 years following diagnosis of T1D in pediatric patients, especially in the females, but remained in the normal range and was similar to that of other family members. FAU - de Vries, L
Worse Metabolic Control and Dynamics of Weight Status in Adolescent Girls Point to Eating Disorders in the First Years after Manifestation of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus: Findings from the Diabetes Patienten Verlaufsdokumentation Registry.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess indications of eating disorders in girls with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). STUDY DESIGN: In total 31 556 girls aged >6 months and <23 years of age with T1DM from the Diabetes Patienten Verlaufsdokumentation (DPV) cohort were analyzed including 155 (0.49%) girls with anorexia nervosa, 85 (0.27%) girls with bulimia nervosa, 45 (0.14%) girls with binge eating disorder, and 229 (0.73%) girls with eating disorders not otherwise specified. Patient characteristics, weight changes, numbers of patients with severe hypoglycemia and diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA), changes of glycosylated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) levels, use of pumps, and prevalence of celiac disease and autoimmune thyroiditis were compared between girls with and without eating disorders. Multiple logistic regression analyses were performed. RESULTS: Eating disorders were significantly associated with late pubertal age, nonusage of pumps, no migration background, increased HbA1c levels, increased frequencies of DKA and severe hypoglycemia, and celiac disease were not related to eating disorders. Significant differences in HbA1c levels, prevalence of DKA and severe hypoglycemia between girls with and without eating disorders were already detectable in the first years after onset of T1DM. A decrease of body mass index (BMI)-SDS increased the risk for comorbid anorexia nervosa (7.1-fold [95% CI 3.6-14.3] compared with stable BMI-SDS, 6.9-fold [95%CI 3.4-14.1] compared with increase of BMI-SDS). CONCLUSIONS: Poor metabolic control and increased rates of DKA and severe hypoglycemia in the first years after manifestation of T1DM can be hints for eating disorders in girls with T1DM, and weight loss is specific for anorexia nervosa. These clinical features should lead to screening for eating disorders especially at a late pubertal age.
Assessment of abnormal glucose homeostasis and insulin resistance in Turkish obese children and adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: The worldwide increase in the prevalence of childhood obesity is reaching epidemic proportions and is associated with a dramatic rise in cases of type 2 diabetes. We determined the prevalence of impaired glucose regulation and insulin resistance in obese children and adolescents. METHODS: A total of 196 obese children [SD score (SDS) of body mass index (BMI): 2.17 +/- 0.03], aged 7-18 years, including 86 male subjects, underwent an oral glucose tolerance test (1.75 g glucose/kg body weight). We used the modified WHO criteria adapted for children for abnormal glucose homeostasis. Homeostasis model assessment was used to estimate insulin resistance in all subjects. The insulin sensitivity index was also determined in subjects. RESULTS: Of the total of 196 obese children, 15 (6.6%) had an abnormal fasting glucose level. Of the 196 obese children, 35 (18%) had impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and 83 (43%) had insulin resistance. Of the 196 obese children were six (3%) diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. Insulin resistance indices were correlated well with the degree of abnormal glucose tolerance. CONCLUSIONS: IGT, insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes are far more common in obese Turkish children than previously thought. Early treatment in obese children and adolescents with IGT constitutes a strategy of reversing the progression to beta-cell failure and preventing type 2 diabetes. FAU - Atabek, M E
Early commitment of cardiovascular autonomic modulation in Brazilian patients with congenital generalized lipodystrophy.$$$ BACKGROUND: Metabolic abnormalities in congenital generalized lipodystrophy (CGL) are associated with microvascular complications. However, the evaluation of different types of neuropathy in these patients, including the commitment of cardiovascular autonomic modulation, is scarce. The objective of the present study was to determine the prevalence of cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy (CAN) in patients with CGL compared with individuals with type 1 diabetes and healthy subjects. METHODS: Ten patients with CGL, 20 patients with type 1 diabetes and 20 healthy subjects were included in the study. Controls were paired 1:2 for age, gender, BMI and pubertal stage. Heart rate variability (HRV) was analyzed using cardiovascular autonomic reflex tests, including postural hypotension test, Valsalva (VAL), respiratory (E/I) and orthostatic (30/15) coefficients, and spectral analysis of the HRV, determining very low (VLF), low (LF) and high (HF) frequencies components. The diagnosis of CAN was defined as the presence of at least two altered tests. RESULTS: CAN was detected in 40% of the CGL patients, 5% in type 1 diabetes patients and was absent in healthy individuals (p < 0.05). We observed a significant reduction in the E/I, VLF, LF and HF in CGL cases vs. type 1 diabetes and healthy individuals and lower levels of 30/15 and VAL in CGL vs. healthy individuals. A significant positive correlation was observed between leptin and 30/15 coefficient (r = 0.396; p = 0.036) after adjusting for insulin resistance and triglycerides. Autonomic cardiovascular tests were associated with HbA1c, HOMA-IR, triglycerides and albumin/creatinine ratio in CGL cases. CONCLUSIONS: We observed a high prevalence of CAN in young patients with CGL, suggesting that insulin resistance, hypertriglyceridemia and hypoleptinemia, may have been involved in early CAN development. Additional studies are needed to evaluate the role of leptinemia in the physiopathogenesis of the condition. FAU - Ponte, Clarisse Mourão Melo
Delayed Adrenarche may be an Additional Feature of Immunoglobulin Super Family Member 1 Deficiency Syndrome.$$$ Immunoglobulin super family member 1 (IGSF1) deficiency syndrome is characterized by central hypothyroidism, delayed surge in testosterone during puberty, macro-orchidism, and in some cases, hypoprolactinemia and/or transient growth hormone (GH) deficiency. Our patient was a 19-year-old male adolescent who had been treated since the age of 9 years with GH and thyroxine for an idiopathic combined GH, thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), and prolactin (PRL) deficiency. His GH deficiency proved to be transient, but deficiencies of TSH and PRL persisted, and he had developed macro-orchidism since the end of puberty. Brain magnetic resonance imaging and PROP1 and POU1F1 sequencing were normal. A disharmonious puberty (delayed genital and pubic hair development, bone maturation, and pubertal growth spurt, despite normal testicular growth) was observed as well as a delayed adrenarche, as reflected by very low dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate and delayed pubarche. Direct sequencing of the IGSF1 gene revealed a novel hemizygous mutation, c.3127T>C, p.Cys1043Arg. Pathogenicity of the mutation was demonstrated in vitro. Male children with an idiopathic combined GH, PRL, and TSH deficiency, showing persistent central hypothyroidism but transient GH deficiency upon retesting at adult height, should be screened for mutations in the IGSF1 gene, especially when macro-orchidism and/or hypoprolactinemia are present. We suspect that delayed adrenarche, as a consequence of PRL deficiency, might be part of the clinical phenotype of patients with IGSF1 deficiency. FAU - Van Hulle, Severine
Resting metabolic rate and thermogenic effect of glucose in trained and untrained girls age 11-15 years.$$$ Twelve girls who trained in rowing were examined twice a year for 4 years. Their initial age was 11.7 +/- (SD) 0.2 yrs. Control groups consisted of 13 girls age 11.5 +/- 0.3 yrs and 18 girls age 14.4 +/- 0.3 yrs examined simultaneously with trained girls in the first and last year of the study, respectively. The examination involved basic anthropometry, estimation of sexual maturation (Tanner scale), 2-day food records, measurements of resting metabolic rate, energy expenditure following glucose ingestion (50 g), and determinations of blood glucose and plasma insulin concentrations prior to and 2 hrs after glucose load. Body mass, height, and fat content were slightly greater in trained girls. None of the subjects reported disturbances in menstrual function, and the age of menarche was similar for all. Both trained and untrained girls reported similar daily energy intake closer to the lower limit or slightly below the estimates of energy requirements for adolescents. Resting metabolic rate calculated per kg of total body mass or lean body mass was lower in trained girls, while the thermogenic effect of glucose was greater. Plasma insulin concentrations measured 2 hrs after glucose ingestion were lower in trained girls. The results suggest that in circumpubertal girls, increased physical activity leads to energy conservation at rest in postabsorptive state and a tendency toward enhancement of food-induced thermogenesis. FAU - Burkhard-Jagodzinska, K
Improvement in glycemic control through changes in insulin regimens: findings from a Japanese cohort of children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Although insulin analogs have dramatically changed diabetes treatment, scarce evidence is available on those effects. We aimed to explore whether glycemic control had improved, the use of insulin analogs had been increased, and hypoglycemic events had decreased over time in Japanese pediatric patients with type 1 diabetes (T1D). METHODS: Glycated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) values, proportion of insulin regimens, incidence of severe hypoglycemic events, and pubertal increase in HbA1c were compared in three cohorts of childhood-onset Japanese T1D patients (567 subjects in the 1995 cohort, 754 subjects in the 2000 cohort, and 806 subjects in the 2008 cohort). RESULTS: Mean HbA1c values tended to decrease [78.5 mmol/mol (9.33%) in the 1995 cohort, 68.2 mmol/mol (8.39%) in the 2000 cohort, and 61.2 mmol/mol (7.75%) in the 2008 cohort; P < .0001]. The proportion of patients who received basal-bolus treatment tended to increase with statistical significance, as did the proportion on insulin analogs. The incidence of severe hypoglycemic events (events/100 patients/y) had decreased (19.1 in the 2000 cohort and 8.7 in the 2008 cohort; P = .02). The pubertal increase in HbA1c tended to decrease [males, 12.0 mmol/mol (1.10%) in 1995, 9.4 mmol/mol (0.85%) in 2008, and 9.4 mmol/mol (0.86%) in 2008; P = .55; females, 14.0 mmol/mol (1.28%) in 1995, 10.3 mmol/mol (0.94%) in 2000, and 4.2 mmol/mol (0.38%) in 2008; P = .0003]. CONCLUSIONS: Glycemic control and incidence of severe hypoglycemic events were chronologically improved, especially in female adolescents.
Higher insulin detemir doses are required for the similar glycemic control: comparison of insulin detemir and glargine in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ OBJECTIVE: We aimed to compare hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), total and basal insulin doses, basal insulin injection frequencies, and body mass index (BMI) in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) who are receiving detemir and glargine as basal insulin in a basal-bolus therapy. METHOD: This retrospective study included 117 (53 females) children and adolescents with T1DM older than 4 yr of age, minimum diabetes duration of 2 yr, and receiving basal-bolus insulin regimen (at least 4 injections/d, insulin aspart or lispro as bolus insulin). Comparisons were made for those receiving insulin detemir (n = 32) or glargine (n = 85) as the basal insulin. RESULTS: Age, pubertal status, BMI standard deviation scores, and diabetes duration were similar in detemir and glargine groups. Glycemic control was similar in both groups (HbA1c levels 8.9 ± 2.1% vs. 8.5 ± 1.7% for detemir and glargine, respectively; p = 0.497). Both mean basal insulin (0.52 vs. 0.41 U/kg/d, p < 0.001) and mean total daily insulin (1.11 vs. 0.93 U/kg/d, p < 0.001) doses were higher in the detemir group. Furthermore, higher ratio of twice-daily basal insulin injection was detected in the detemir group (62.5 vs. 32.9% p = 0.004). Subgroup analysis according to pubertal status, or the number of daily basal injections showed similar results. CONCLUSION: Insulin detemir provides similar glycemic control with glargine, but, approximately 27% higher mean basal and 19% higher mean total insulin doses with two-fold more twice-daily basal insulin injection requirement.
[Age of onset of puberty and menarche in type 1 diabetic girls].$$$ INTRODUCTION: Delayed pubertal maturation has been reported in girls with type 1 diabetes. OBJECTIVES: To report the age of onset of puberty and menarche in girls with type 1 diabetes diagnosed before puberty. To investigate clinical factors affecting the occurrence of puberty and menarche in this population. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A retrospective study of 38 girls with type 1 diabetes, all of them on intensive insulin therapy since diagnosis and followed up at our hospital until menarche. Age of onset of puberty and age of menarche were collected as dependent variables, and time since onset of diabetes, glycosylated hemoglobin levels, daily insulin requirements, and body mass index standard deviation score were collected as independent variables. Variables are expressed as mean ± standard deviation. Multivariate linear regression models tested the associations between dependent and independent variables. Statistical analysis was performed using SPSS software. RESULTS: Thirty-eight girls were enrolled. Age of onset of puberty was 10.4 ± 1.1 years and age of menarche, 12.6 ± 1.0 years. Time since diabetes onset influenced age at onset of puberty (β = +0.12; p=0.047). A negative association was found between body mass index standard deviation score and age at menarche (β=-0.39; p=0.014). CONCLUSION: Diabetes duration and body mass index were correlated with age of onset of puberty and age of menarche in girls with type 1 diabetes.
Effect of age at menarche on microvascular complications among women with Type 1 diabetes.$$$ AIM: To test the hypothesis that delayed menarche is associated with an increased microvascular complication risk among women with Type 1 diabetes. METHODS: We studied the female participants of an ongoing prospective study of childhood-onset Type 1 diabetes diagnosed during the period 1950-1980. Of 325 women, we included data from 315 who had reached menarche by the study baseline (1986-1988) and who self-reported their age at menarche. Both cross-sectional and prospective analyses over the 25-year follow-up were used to assess the relationship of age at menarche with the prevalence, incidence and cumulative incidence of microvascular complications, comprising overt nephropathy, proliferative retinopathy and confirmed distal symmetric polyneuropathy. RESULTS: In cross-sectional analyses at baseline, the odds of overt nephropathy increased 1.24 times (P=0.02) with each annual increase in age at menarche, and 3.2 times (P=0.009) in those with delayed menarche compared with women with normal menarche onset, after adjustment. Similarly, the cumulative incidence of overt nephropathy increased 1.16 times (P=0.01) with each older year of menarche and women with delayed menarche were at twofold increased risk of overt nephropathy (hazard ratio 2.30, P=0.001) compared with women with normal menarche onset. However, age at menarche was not significantly associated with either proliferative retinopathy or confirmed distal symmetric polyneuropathy after adjusting for covariates. CONCLUSIONS: Age at menarche was significantly associated with the prevalence and cumulative incidence of overt nephropathy, but not with proliferative retinopathy or confirmed distal symmetric polyneuropathy in Type 1 diabetes. Women with delayed menarche may therefore be targeted for early screening and timely interventions to prevent the development of nephropathy.
Pubertal growth, sexual maturation, and final height in children with IDDM. Effects of age at onset and metabolic control.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate growth and pubertal development in children with IDDM and the influence of the age at onset of IDDM and the degree of metabolic control on final height. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We conducted a retrospective evaluation of 62 subjects followed longitudinally both clinically and metabolically from the onset of IDDM until final height was reached. RESULTS: Height at diagnosis was within the normal percentiles in boys (0.5 +/- 1.0 standard deviation score [SDS]) and girls (0.4 +/- 1.0 SDS), but above the genetic target height (-1.0 +/- 0.9 SDS in boys and -1.1 +/- 0.6 SDS in girls; P = 0.0001 for both comparisons). Although a lesser height gain was observed during the ensuing years, the final height reached by boys (-0.4 +/- 1.1 SDS) and girls (-0.4 +/- 0.9 SDS) was higher than the genetic target height. Blunted total pubertal growth was observed both in boys (24.5 +/- 3.6 cm) and girls (20.1 +/- 4.2 cm). The decrease in height gain was independent of the duration of IDDM, the degree of metabolic control, or the insulin requirement. The greater the height at diagnosis, with respect to the genetic target height, the lesser was the subsequent height gain to reach final adult height (r = 0.34, p < 0.01). BMI increased with age as normally occurs in healthy children, independent of the duration of disease and the degree of metabolic control. Pubertal development began and progressed normally both in boys and girls. In boys, a testicular volume of 4 ml was reached at a mean age of 12.1 +/- 0.9 years. In girls, breast enlargement occurred at a mean age of 10.4 +/- 1.2 years and the mean age of menarche was 12.8 +/- 1.4 years. Pubertal development and progression occurred independent of the age at onset of IDDM, the glycemic control, or the insulin requirement during the pubertal period. CONCLUSIONS: Children with IDDM have normal onset of puberty and normal sexual maturation. Even though final height falls within the normal percentiles, the diminished height gain after diagnosis requires further investigation. FAU - Salerno, M
Bone status of Indian children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Low bone mineral density has been reported in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes (T1DM). The aims of this cross-sectional study were to study growth, serum IGF1 concentrations and bone health parameters assessed by Dual Energy X-ray Absorptiometry (DXA). METHODS: Height was measured and converted to Z scores (HAZ). Serum IGF1 concentrations were measured (ELISA) in a subset. Bone mineral content for total body (less head) (TBBMC) and lumbar spine was measured (n=170, 77 boys, 6-16years old) and converted to Z scores using local normative data. RESULT: Mean age was 11.1±3.8years, disease duration was 2.2±2.5years and HbA1C was 10.1±1.8%. Diabetic children were shorter than reference population (HAZ -0.6±1.1); Z scores for height and total body bone area (TBBA) for height were <-2SD in 12% & 6% respectively. Serum IGF1 Z scores were lower amongst group with longer disease duration (-1.58±1.3 vs -2.63±0.7; P=0.037). Disease duration (β=-0.180, P=0.000) and metabolic control (HbA1C; β=-0.096, P=0.042) were negative predictors of HAZ and TBBA for height Z in younger children. Using the Molgaard approach, children with longer disease duration had lower HAZ (-0.31±0.92 vs -1.28±1.11; P=0.000; "short bones") and TBBA for height Z scores (0.12±1.62 vs -0.53±0.94; P=0.044; "slender bones"). Older children (tanner stages 4 and 5) had lower BMC and BA as compared to reference population possibly due to delayed growth spurt. CONCLUSION: Longer duration of diabetes was associated with shorter and slender but appropriately mineralized bones. Small and slender bones in diabetic children may increase risk of fragility fractures in the future. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled "Bone and diabetes".
The effect of puberty on insulin resistance in obese children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Insulin resistance (IR) increases during puberty in normal children. IR is the first adverse metabolic event of obesity, and the marker of the metabolic syndrome. We aimed to study the effect of puberty on IR in obese and normal-weight children. DESIGN: Cross-sectional evaluation of fasting glucose, insulin concentrations, and homeostasis model assessment of IR (HOMA-IR) in obese and control children throughout puberty. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We recruited 424 obese children (207 pre-pubertal and 217 pubertal divided in Tanner stages 2-3, 4, and 5) and estimated IR using the HOMA-IR index. Data were compared to those obtained in 123 healthy normal-weight children (40 pre-pubertal and 83 pubertal divided in Tanner stages 2-3, 4, and 5). RESULTS: In the obese children mean HOMA-IR increased progressively across Tanner stages, and was significantly higher in all groups (pre-pubertal and Tanner stages 2-3, 4, and 5) of obese than in control children. HOMA-IR was significantly correlated with BMI. CONCLUSIONS: HOMA-IR in obese children increases at puberty more than in normal-weight children and does not return to pre-pubertal values at the end of puberty. FAU - Pilia, S
1H-MRS Measured Ectopic Fat in Liver and Muscle in Danish Lean and Obese Children and Adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVES: This cross sectional study aims to investigate the associations between ectopic lipid accumulation in liver and skeletal muscle and biochemical measures, estimates of insulin resistance, anthropometry, and blood pressure in lean and overweight/obese children. METHODS: Fasting plasma glucose, serum lipids, serum insulin, and expressions of insulin resistance, anthropometry, blood pressure, and magnetic resonance spectroscopy of liver and muscle fat were obtained in 327 Danish children and adolescents aged 8-18 years. RESULTS: In 287 overweight/obese children, the prevalences of hepatic and muscular steatosis were 31% and 68%, respectively, whereas the prevalences in 40 lean children were 3% and 10%, respectively. A multiple regression analysis adjusted for age, sex, body mass index z-score (BMI SDS), and pubertal development showed that the OR of exhibiting dyslipidemia was 4.2 (95%CI: [1.8; 10.2], p = 0.0009) when hepatic steatosis was present. Comparing the simultaneous presence of hepatic and muscular steatosis with no presence of steatosis, the OR of exhibiting dyslipidemia was 5.8 (95%CI: [2.0; 18.6], p = 0.002). No significant associations between muscle fat and dyslipidemia, impaired fasting glucose, or blood pressure were observed. Liver and muscle fat, adjusted for age, sex, BMI SDS, and pubertal development, associated to BMI SDS and glycosylated hemoglobin, while only liver fat associated to visceral and subcutaneous adipose tissue and intramyocellular lipid associated inversely to high density lipoprotein cholesterol. CONCLUSION: Hepatic steatosis is associated with dyslipidemia and liver and muscle fat depositions are linked to obesity-related metabolic dysfunctions, especially glycosylated hemoglobin, in children and adolescents, which suggest an increased cardiovascular disease risk. FAU - Fonvig, Cilius Esmann
Impact of age at menarche on obesity and glycemic control in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes: Fukuoka Diabetes Registry.$$$ AIMS/INTRODUCTION: A younger age at menarche is associated with obesity and type 2 diabetes in adult life. The impact of early-onset menarche on obesity and glycemic control in type 2 diabetes has not been investigated. The present study examined the relationship between age at menarche and obesity and glycemic control in type 2 diabetes. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 2,133 patients with type 2 diabetes aged ≥20 years were divided into groups according to age at menarche (≤11, 12, 13, 14 and ≥15 years). A retrospective cohort study examined the association of menarcheal age with adiposity and hemoglobin A(1c) . RESULTS: Age at menarche was inversely associated with body mass index (BMI) and abdominal circumference (P < 0.001). Each 1-year decrease in age at menarche was associated with a 0.25-kg/m(2) and 0.6-cm increase in BMI and abdominal circumference, respectively, using a multivariate-adjusted model. Odds ratios for obesity and abdominal obesity significantly increased in participants with age at menarche ≤11 years after multivariable adjustments when age at menarche of 13 years was used as the reference (odds ratio 1.95, 95% CI 1.33-2.88, odds ratio 1.95, 95% CI 1.32-2.87, respectively). Younger age at menarche was significantly associated with higher hemoglobin A(1c) (P < 0.001); however, the association was not statistically significant after adjusting for BMI. CONCLUSIONS: Age at menarche of ≤11 years was associated with obesity after adjusting for confounding factors, and poor glycemic control associated with high BMI in type 2 diabetes. Age at menarche should be considered during clinical assessments.
Gender and Tanner stage differences in body composition and insulin sensitivity in early pubertal children.$$$ A cross-sectional analysis examining the impact of gender and early pubertal stage on insulin sensitivity (Si) and body composition was carried out as part of a longitudinal study to determine how Si relates to body composition changes during puberty. The study population consisted of 97 healthy children (age range, 9.7-14.5 yr; 28 Tanner stage 2 boys, 25 stage 3 boys, 22 Tanner stage 2 girls, and 22 stage 3 girls). Si was determined by the modified minimal model of Bergman. Body fatness was assessed by body mass index (BMI), skinfold thickness, hydrodensitometry, and bioelectrical impedance. Results showed that stage 3 girls and stage 2 boys had significantly more body fat than stage 2 girls and stage 3 boys. Si was significantly lower (P < 0.02) and insulin-like growth factor-I levels higher (P < 0.006) in stage 3 girls compared to those in the other 3 groups. The best predictor of Si in all subjects was BMI (r2 = -0.63; P < 0.0001). In a stepwise multiple regression analysis, Si was best predicted from BMI, gender, and Tanner stage. According to this model, Si decreased as BMI increased and was lower in girls and Tanner stage 3 children. In boys, Si was best predicted from total fat mass and Tanner stage. In girls, Si correlated inversely with BMI, parental obesity, and insulin-like growth factor-I levels. Neither testosterone nor estradiol levels were associated with Si. These results demonstrate that Si, like body composition, has gender-dependent changes during puberty. It is, thus, possible that these pubertal changes in Si relate to changes in body composition. FAU - Travers, S H
A longitudinal study of serum insulin-like growth factor-I levels over 6 years in a large cohort of children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus: A marker reflecting diabetic retinopathy.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate longitudinal serum insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) in a large cohort of children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes in relation to hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), age, diabetes duration, and body mass index (BMI), its association to height and retinopathy, and in comparison with healthy subject references. METHODS: A total of 2683 serum IGF-I values were obtained from 806 children and adolescents with T1DM, from annual blood samples for up to 6 consecutive years. RESULTS: In a multiple regression analysis IGF-I values were negatively correlated to HbA1c and diabetes duration, and positively correlated to BMI (P < .001, P < .001, and P < .001, respectively, adjusted r(2)  = 0.102). Children and adolescents with T1DM had lower mean IGF-I levels and reference interval limits compared to healthy subjects. In boys, mean (SD) IGF-I SD score (SDS) levels were -1.04 (±1.3) calculated from the healthy reference. IGF-I peaked at 15 years of age, similarly to healthy controls, but with markedly lower levels in late puberty. Girls were more affected at later stages of puberty but with a slightly less depressed overall mean IGF-I SDS of -0.69 (±1.2). In a subgroup of 746 subjects with fundus photography, a negative correlation was seen between individual mean IGF-I SDS and preproliferative retinopathy (P = .004, adjusted r(2)  = 0.021). In another subgroup of 84 adolescents, no correlation was seen between individual mean IGF-I SDS and target height SDS or distance to target height SDS. CONCLUSION: Poor metabolic control and diabetes duration impact negatively on serum IGF-I levels. A low individual mean IGF-I level was associated with progression of retinopathy independently of HbA1c, age, gender, and diabetes duration. Disease, sex and age related IGF-I SDS may become clinical helpful as a supplement to HbA1c in predicting the long-term outcome for children and adolescents with T1DM.
Adolescent testosterone, muscle mass and glucose metabolism: evidence from the 'Children of 1997' birth cohort in Hong Kong.$$$ AIMS: Diabetes rates are high in Asia despite relatively low rates of obesity, which might be related to lower muscle mass. Muscle mass plays an important role in glucose metabolism. Peak muscle mass is obtained in late adolescence. We tested the hypothesis that pubertal testosterone is negatively associated with glucose metabolism mediated by muscle mass. METHODS: Participants aged 15 years (278 boys and 223 girls) were recruited from the Hong Kong's 'Children of 1997' birth cohort in 2012. Multivariable linear regression with multiple imputation and inverse probability weighting was used to examine the adjusted associations of pubertal testosterone with skeletal muscle index, body fat percentage, fasting glucose, insulin and homeostasis model of assessment - insulin resistance. RESULTS: Total testosterone was negatively associated with fasting glucose (-0.008, 95% confidence interval -0.015 to -0.002), insulin (-0.43, 95% confidence interval -0.56 to -0.30) and insulin and homeostasis model of assessment - insulin resistance (-0.09, 95% confidence interval -0.12 to -0.06) adjusted for sex, birth weight, highest parental education, mother's place of birth and physical activity. These associations were attenuated by additional adjustment for skeletal mass index or body fat percentage. CONCLUSIONS: Adolescent glucose metabolism may be influenced by testosterone, perhaps partially via skeletal muscle mass.
Craniopharyngioma: presentation and endocrine sequelae in 36 children.$$$ We studied the clinical presentation by age of 36 children with craniopharyngioma, and outcome by height and body mass index (BMI). Presenting symptoms included headache (51.4%), vomiting (31%), visual disturbances (22.9%), polyuria and/or polydipsia (17.1%), delayed puberty (19.4%), short stature (13.8%), and precocious puberty (2.7%). Growth deceleration was overlooked, as was diabetes insipidus (actual rate, 52% for both). Delayed puberty was observed in all patients of appropriate age. Mean height standard deviation score (SDS) at admission was significantly lower than mean target height SDS (p = 0.004), while mean final height SDS was similar (p = 0.14). BMI SDS at last follow-up was similar to mean parental BMI SDS. We conclude that although endocrinopathies are present in most patients with craniopharyngioma, they are rarely the reason for referral. While affected prepubertal children have non-endocrine complaints, most adolescents are referred because of delayed puberty. Diabetes insipidus may be more prevalent in craniopharyngioma than previously reported. When patients with hypothalamic obesity are excluded, mean BMI SDS remains within normal range and is influenced mostly by parental BMI SDS. FAU - de Vries, L
Insulin resistance and secretion indexes in healthy Italian children and adolescents: a multicentre study.$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIM: To establish normal values of insulin resistance, secretion and sensitivity using respectively HOMA-IR, HOMA-beta% and QUICKI indexes in healthy Italian children and adolescents, based on fasting samples. METHODS: We determined HOMA-IR, HOMA-beta% and QUICKI at baseline in 142 healthy subjects from Pediatric Centres, aged 2.7 to 19 years (10.6 +/- 3.8, Mean +/- SD), with different Tanner's pubertal Stages (TS). None had hypo/hyperglycemia (fasting plasma glucose ranging from 3.6 to 5.6 mmol/l), obesity (BMI (kg/m2) 17.9 +/- 2.4, M +/- SD), or family history for diabetes mellitus. RESULTS: The HOMA-IR index slightly increases with Tanner's stage. As regards HOMA-beta% and QUICKI, a weak variation throughout puberty was observed. No significant correlation was observed between HOMA-IR, HOM A-beta%, QUICKI and BMI-SDS or chronologic age. CONCLUSIONS: Normal values of HOMA-IR, HOMA-beta% and QUICKI are useful tools in the clinical and epidemiological practice for baseline screening and follow-up of subjects at risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus. FAU - d'Annunzio, Giuseppe
Prevalence of retinopathy in patients with type 1 diabetes diagnosed before and after puberty.$$$ AIMS: There is conflicting evidence to support the concept that the years with diabetes preceding puberty may not contribute to the development of vascular complications. In this paper, duration-related prevalence of retinopathy was compared in patients who developed type 1 diabetes before and after pubertal age. METHODS: Retrospective analysis of prospectively collected data of 1,483 patients was screened for retinopathy in 1991-2010, with diabetes onset at age ≤29, who were on insulin treatment and aged ≤60. Prepubertal age was defined as 0-12 in males and 0-11 in females. RESULTS: A total of 647 patients had developed diabetes before and 836 after puberty. Cumulative prevalence of retinopathy was initially lower among those with prepubertal onset diabetes but rates became superimposable after 20-year duration. Patients with prepubertal onset diabetes had higher lifetime HbA1c and lower blood pressure than those who became diabetic after puberty. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Retinopathy is infrequent during childhood and develops later than in patients with post-pubertal onset diabetes. After 20-year duration, however, retinopathy becomes just as prevalent suggesting that, in the long term, prepubertal years do contribute to the development of retinopathy. In this series, higher blood pressure may have played a role in the earlier appearance of retinopathy in patients with diabetes onset after puberty, whereas worse metabolic control may have contributed to the late "catch-up" effect in those with prepubertal onset disease. FAU - Porta, Massimo
Early menarche is associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes in rural Chinese women and is partially mediated by BMI: the Henan Rural Cohort Study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study was to determine if early menarche is associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in rural Chinese women and to estimate the proportion that can be attributed to adiposity. METHODS: A total of 15,346 postmenopausal women were enrolled in this study. Logistic regression and restricted cubic spline analysis were performed to estimate the relationship between age at menarche and T2DM. Mediation analysis was used to investigate whether the association was mediated by body mass index (BMI). RESULTS: After adjusting for multiple confounders, the early menarche group (≤14 y) had a higher risk of T2DM (odds ratio [OR] = 1.21; 95% CI = 1.06-1.38; P = 0.004) compared with the reference group (16-17 y), whereas the late onset group (≥19 y) had a lower risk of T2DM (OR = 0.78; 95% CI = 0.66-0.92; P = 0.003). BMI partially mediated the association between age at menarche and T2DM, and the proportion of the effect was 28%. CONCLUSIONS: Early menarche increases the risk of T2DM, whereas later menarche decreases the risk. The association seems to be partially mediated by BMI. FAU - Zhang, Lulu
Adiposity and family history of type 2 diabetes in an admixed population of adolescents: Associations with insulin sensitivity, beta-cell function, and hepatic insulin extraction in BRAMS study.$$$ AIMS: Insulin resistance and beta-cell dysfunction manifest differently across racial/ethnic groups, and there is a lack of knowledge regarding the pathophysiology of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) for ethnically admixed adolescents. This study aimed to investigate the influence of adiposity and family history (FH) of T2DM on aspects of insulin sensitivity, beta-cell function, and hepatic insulin extraction in Brazilian adolescents. METHODS: A total of 82 normoglycemic adolescents were assessed. The positive FH of T2DM was defined as the presence of at least one known family member with T2DM. The hyperglycemic clamp test consisted of a 120-min protocol. Insulin secretion and beta-cell function were obtained from C-peptide deconvolution. Analysis of covariance considered pubertal stage as a covariate. RESULTS: Both lean and overweight/obese adolescents had similar glycemic profiles and disposition indexes. Overweight/obese adolescents had about 1/3 the insulin sensitivity of lean adolescents (1.1 ± 0.2 vs. 3.4 ± 0.3 mg·kg·min·pmol ∗ 1000), which was compensated by an increase around 2.5 times in basal (130 ± 7 vs. 52 ± 10 pmol·l·min) and total insulin secretion (130,091 ± 12,230 vs. 59,010 ± 17,522 pmol·l·min), and in the first and second phases of insulin secretion; respectively (p < 0.001). This increase was accompanied by a mean reduction in hepatic insulin extraction of 35%, and a 2.7-time increase in beta-cell glucose sensitivity (p < 0.05). The positive FH of T2DM was not associated with derangements in insulin sensitivity, beta-cell function, and hepatic insulin extraction. CONCLUSIONS: In an admixed sample of adolescents, the hyperglycemic clamp test demonstrated that adiposity had a strong influence, and FH of T2DM had no direct influence, in different aspects of glucose metabolism.
Relationship between the IADPSG-criteria-defined abnormal glucose values and adverse pregnancy outcomes among women having gestational diabetes mellitus: A retrospective cohort study.$$$ To explore the influence of the 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) on pregnancy outcomes and to determine the risk factors for adverse outcomes among women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM).This retrospective cohort study was conducted among women who had GDM and were treated between January 1, 2015 and December 31, 2017. The diagnostic criteria for GDM were proposed by the International Diabetes and Pregnancy Research Organization (IADPSG) in 2010. Women with GDM were stratified according to the number of abnormal OGTT values or the presence/absence of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Maternal characteristics, OGTT values, pregnancy outcomes, and the relationship between the latter 2 were analyzed.In total, 3221 pregnant women with GDM were included. The incidence of adverse outcomes was affected by maternal age (28-37 years, in particular; odds ratio [OR], 1.403; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.037-1.899; P = .028), days of pregnancy (OR, 0.904; 95% CI, 0.894-0.914; P < .001), gestational weight gain (OR, 1.018; 95% CI, 1.000-1.036;, P = .048), and age of menarche (OR, 0.925; 95% CI, 0.863-0.992; P = .029). Both fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and 2-h OGTT were positively correlated with adverse outcomes, of which FPG was more predictive (FPG: OR, 1.143; 95% CI, 1.007-1.297; P = .038; 2-h OGTT: OR, 1.074; 95% CI, 1.018-1.133; P = .009). Meanwhile, higher abnormal OGTT values were associated with significantly increased risks of antenatal insulin treatment, cesarean delivery, premature delivery, gestational hypertension, premature rupture of membranes, preeclampsia, macrosomia, neonatal asphyxia, and full term low weight infants.OGTT values and the number of abnormal glucose are associated with various adverse pregnancy outcomes. Stratified management is recommended for pregnant women with GDM, especially those with fasting hyperglycemia and/or 3 abnormal OGTT values. FAU - Ding, Ting-Ting
The role of BMI across the life course in the relationship between age at menarche and diabetes, in a British Birth Cohort.$$$ AIMS: Previous research showing an inverse association between age of menarche and adult diabetes relied on recalled age at menarche and did not adjust for BMI across the life course. We investigated the relationship between age at menarche and diabetes, and whether childhood, adolescent or adult BMI attenuates this relationship. METHODS: We used data from the Medical Research Council National Survey of Health and Development, a British birth cohort study of men and women born in 1946, with contemporaneous recording of the age of menarche, BMI at 2, 7, 15 and 20-53 years and diabetes status to 53 years. RESULTS: A significant inverse relationship between age at menarche and diabetes [hazard ratio = 0.73 per year older age at menarche (95% CI 0.56-0.96), P = 0.02] was attenuated by adjustment for adult BMI [hazard ratio 0.85 (95% CI 0.65-1.10), P = 0.2]. The effect of age at menarche on Type 2 diabetes was very similar to that for all types of diabetes. Attenuation of the association between age at menarche and diabetes was also observed with BMI at 15 years, but less so with BMI measured earlier in childhood. CONCLUSIONS: Earlier age at menarche is associated with a higher risk of diabetes, and specifically Type 2 diabetes, in later life, which is most strongly attenuated by adolescent and adult adiposity. Early menarche may be clinically useful in identifying women who are at risk of later adiposity and so of developing Type 2 diabetes.
[Normal plasma insulin and HOMA values among Chilean children and adolescents].$$$ BACKGROUND: Plasma insulin and HOMA (homeostasis model assessment) index, used to determine insulin resistance, do not have local standard values for children and adolescents in Chile. AIM: To establish the normal reference intervals for insulin and HOMA in children and adolescents aged 10-15 years, according to sex and puberal maturation. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A cross-sectional study of 2,153 children and adolescents from Puente Alto County was performed, during 2009 and 2010. Anthropometry and self-report of puberal maturation were assessed. Fasting glucose (hexoquinase) and insulin blood levels (chemiluminiscence), were determined and HOMA index was calculated. Percentile distributions of these variables were calculated. RESULTS: The reference group included only subjects with normal body mass index and fasting blood glucose (n = 1,192). Girls had higher insulin and HOMA values than boys (12.5 ± 6.0 and 9.1 ± 4.9 μϋ/mL (p < 0.01) and 2.7 ± 1.4 and 2.1 ± 1,1 (p < 0.01), respectively). Subjects with Tanner I and II pubertal stages had lower insulin and HOMA mean values than subjects with Tanner III and IV (9.0 ± 4.3 and 12.5 ± 6.2μϋ/ml (p < 0.01) and2.0 ± 1 and2.8 ± 1.4 (p < 0.01), respectively). CONCLUSIONS: The 90th percentile of insulin and HOMA distributions according to sex and maturation, was selected as the upper cut-off point to identify individuals with insulin resistance. HOMA cutoff point for Tanner I and II boys was 3.2, for Tanner I and II girls was 4.1, for Tanner III and IV boys was 4.2 and for Tanner III and IV girls was 5.0. FAU - Barja, Salesa
Sex hormone-binding globulin levels predict insulin sensitivity, disposition index, and cardiovascular risk during puberty.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Early puberty is associated with increased risk of subsequent cardiovascular disease. Low sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) levels are a feature of early puberty and of conditions associated with increased cardiovascular risk. The aim of the present study was to evaluate SHBG as a predictor of glucose metabolism and metabolic risk during puberty. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study on 132 healthy Caucasian children and adolescents evaluated by an oral glucose tolerance test, a dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry scan, direct oxygen uptake measurement during cycle ergometry, and fasting blood samples. RESULTS: SHBG levels declined with advancement of puberty in both boys (P < 0.001) and girls (P = 0.019). SHBG was significantly positively associated with insulin sensitivity in boys (P < 0.001) and girls (P < 0.001). In addition, SHBG was a strong predictor of insulin sensitivity (P = 0.001) and the only predictor of the disposition index (P = 0.031) after adjustment for puberty, fat mass, and aerobic fitness. SHBG was significantly negatively associated with metabolic risk (P = 0.032) and with hypersensitive C-reactive protein levels (P = 0.030) after adjustment for relevant confounders. CONCLUSIONS: SHBG was a strong predictor of insulin sensitivity and metabolic risk during puberty. Thus, we hypothesize that SHBG integrates the marked changes in glucose metabolism and body composition that occur during the pubertal transition. FAU - Sørensen, Kaspar
Association of optimism with cardiometabolic risk in adolescents.$$$ PURPOSE: Dispositional optimism is a psychological trait associated with cardiovascular disease outcomes in adults. However, it is not known whether these associations are present in adolescents. We attempted to determine whether an association exits between optimism and 9 biomarkers of cardiometabolic risk during adolescence. Because cardiometabolic risk differs by race and ethnicity, we also explored whether race and ethnicity moderated the optimism-cardiometabolic risk relationship. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study of 529 non-Hispanic white and 421 non-Hispanic black seventh through 12th graders living in greater Cincinnati in 2001-2002. We measured dispositional optimism with the Life-Orientation Test-Revised as a single continuum and as separate optimism and pessimism dimensions. Multivariable regression analyses tested for associations between optimism and nine biomarkers of risk (interleukin-6, tumor necrosis factor-α, lipids, insulin, glucose, and fibrinogen), adjusting for age, gender, parent education, body mass index, smoking, and pubertal stage. RESULTS: Dispositional optimism with the Life-Orientation Test-Revised as a single continuum was inversely associated with two risks (interleukin-6, β = -.03, p = .02; insulin, β = -.02, p = .01), but only among blacks. Optimism and pessimism were inversely related (R = -.27, p < .001) and both were higher in blacks than whites (p < .001). Optimism was directly associated with high-density lipoprotein among all subjects (β = .42, p = .03), and among blacks (β = .74, p = .02) but not whites. Among blacks, optimism was also inversely associated with interleukin-6 (β = -.07, p = .001) and triglycerides (β = -.02, p = .04). Pessimism was inversely associated with glucose, but only in whites (β = -.38, p = .03). CONCLUSIONS: Associations between dispositional optimism and cardiometabolic risks are present in adolescence and vary by race and ethnicity. A better understanding of the natural history of these associations over the lifespan may help decrease disparities and prevent cardiometabolic disease.
Associations among insulin, estrogen, and fat mass gain over the pubertal transition in African-American and European-American girls.$$$ CONTEXT: Age at menarche (AgeM) is earlier in African-American (AA) than in European-American (EA) girls. Neither the physiological cause nor the health implications of this difference are known. OBJECTIVE: We tested the hypotheses that higher insulin among AA vs. EA precipitates an earlier elevation of estradiol (E2), an associated earlier AgeM, and greater gain in body fat. SETTING: The study was conducted at a university research laboratory and General Clinical Research Center. PARTICIPANTS: Subjects were 137 girls (57 AA and 80 EA) aged 7-15 yr. DESIGN: The study had a longitudinal design. Annual evaluations were conducted for body composition by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, acute insulin response to glucose (AIRg) by iv glucose tolerance test, and reproductive-endocrine profile. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Multiple linear regression modeling and mixed model analyses were used to identify independent predictors of AgeM and E2 concentration at menarche. RESULTS: AgeM was significantly earlier in AA vs. EA (10.8 vs. 11.6 yr). Neither E2 nor insulin was a significant independent predictor of AgeM. AIRg was a significant predictor of E2 concentration. AA had higher E2 than EA (P < 0.01), and girls with higher AIRg had higher E2. Total fat increased with age in both EA and AA. However, among EA, the increase in fat mass was similar both before and after menarche (9.4%/yr before vs. 10.0%/yr after), whereas among AA, fat deposition nearly doubled after menarche (8.4%/yr before vs. 14.9%/yr after). CONCLUSION: Results did not support a direct cause-and-effect relationship between higher insulin, higher E2, and earlier AgeM in AA girls. However, the data suggested that higher insulin was associated with higher E2. Furthermore, reproductive maturation appeared to be associated with an acceleration of fat deposition among AA girls. FAU - Casazza, Krista
Dimensions and morphologic variations of sella turcica in type 1 diabetic patients.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Some chronic diseases are associated with changes in the morphology of sella turcica, and type 1 diabetes is the most common chronic disease in children and adolescents. Therefore, the aim of this study was to evaluate the size and morphology of sella turcica in patients with type 1 diabetes compared with a healthy control group. METHODS: The study included 76 type 1 diabetic patients (38 boys, 38 girls; ages, 14.16 ± 2.46 years) and 76 controls (38 boys, 38 girls; ages, 14 ± 2.08 years). The groups were categorized as pubertal and postpubertal according to bone age. The length, height, and diameter of sella turcica were measured. Then the morphology of sella turcica was analyzed and categorized as normal, oblique anterior wall, bridging, double contour of the floor, irregularity in the posterior part of dorsum sellae, or pyramidal shape of the dorsum sellae. All measurements were made on tracings of cephalometric radiographs. Differences between the groups were tested with the Mann-Whitney U test. Categorical data were evaluated with the Fisher exact test, and the Bonferroni correction was made. The significance level was assigned as P <0.05. RESULTS: There was no statistically significant difference in the dimensions of sella between the diabetic patients (diameter, 12.20 ± 1.49 mm; length, 10.49 ± 1.55 mm; height, 8.07 ± 1.25 mm) and the controls (diameter, 12.45 ± 1.43 mm; length, 10.90 ± 1.73 mm; height, 8.29 ± 1.66 mm). However, diameter and length increased with age in the overall assessment. Length was greater in the postpubertal controls (11.39 ± 1.69 mm) compared with the pubertal controls (10.41 ± 1.64 mm). Diameter was greater in the postpubertal diabetic patients (1.283 ± 1.55 mm) than in the pubertal diabetic patients (11.56 ± 1.12 mm) and was specifically higher in postpubertal boys. Normal sella morphology was less common in general in the diabetic patients, particularly in the diabetic boys and diabetic pubertal boys (P <0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The measurements concerning sella were similar in the type 1 diabetic and control subjects, but dysmorphologic types were more common in diabetic patients.
Adiponectin and hypertension in normal-weight and obese children.$$$ BACKGROUND: Adiponectin (AD) reduces the risk of hypertension because of its anti-inflammatory, antiatherogenic, and insulin-sensitizing properties. The study described here was done to evaluate the interrelationships of AD, blood pressure (BP), obesity, body-fat distribution, puberty, and insulin resistance in a selected group of children. METHODS: The study was a cross-sectional, observational study of 186 children ranging in age from 5-18 years and grouped according to weight class (obese (OB), n = 100; normal weight (NW), n = 86) and BP category (hypertensive (HT) n = 79; normotensive (NT); n = 107). The children were also classified on the basis of fat distribution (waist circumference/height ratio). Their blood glucose, insulin, and AD concentrations were assayed, and their homeostatic model assessment (HOMA) index was calculated as an estimate of insulin resistance. RESULTS: Serum AD was lower in OB-HT (7,111±4,163ng/ml) than in NW-NT (12,622±6,276ng/ml) children (P < 0.0001). Intermediate values of AD were found in OB-NT (9,099±3,988ng/ml) and NW-HT (9,808±4,211ng/ml) children. Weight and waist circumference-to-height ratio, BP category, and pubertal stage were all independently and inversely associated with serum levels of AD (P < 0.02). In a logistic regression model, after adjustment for body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference/height ratio, serum levels of AD maintained an independent association with hypertension (P < 0.05), as did also the HOMA index (P < 0.05). A reduction of 10 times (i.e., one unit on the log(10) scale) in AD serum levels was associated with a 50% increased probability of having hypertension. CONCLUSIONS: In childhood, serum levels of AD are inversely related to hypertension. This relationship is partly independent of obesity, fat distribution, and insulin resistance. Low values of AD in both OB and NW children are associated with a higher probability of hypertension. FAU - Brambilla, Paolo
Metabolic control by insulin detemir in basal-bolus therapy: treat-to-target study in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the efficacy and safety of insulin detemir administered once vs. twice daily in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus. RESEARCH DESIGN: In this prospective, open-label, treat-to-target study, 37 patients [mean age 12.7 ± 3 yr; diabetes duration 4.2 ± 3 yr, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) 8.8 ± 0.8%] were scheduled to receive insulin detemir once daily before breakfast, with pre-meal insulin aspart, for 16-20 wk. Detemir dose titration algorithm was based on age-related target fasting blood glucose levels during 4-8 wk. Patients achieving target range continued on once-daily detemir (Group A) if up-titration could not be done due to hypoglycemia patients were switched to twice-daily detemir (Group B). RESULTS: Nineteen (51%) patients continued with once-daily detemir. HbA1c decreased significantly in both groups (A: -0.7%, p = 0.02; B: -0.8%, p = 0.004), without a significant difference between groups. The frequency of nocturnal hypoglycemic events/week decreased in both groups but a significant change was found only in Group A (10.9-2.7, p < 0.05 vs. 8.7-5.8, NS), with no change in frequency of severe hypoglycemic episodes in either group. No significant differences were found between and within groups for body mass index-standard deviation score, insulin requirement or treatment satisfaction. Group B patients were significantly younger than Group A patients (11.5 ± 2.3 vs.13.8 ± 3.2 yr, p = 0.01), with a higher percentage in active puberty (50 vs. 11%, p = 0.003). CONCLUSION: Since twice-daily determir showed no clinical advantage over once-daily detemir, it appears reasonable to commence all children on once-daily detemir, taking into consideration that younger children and those in active puberty may require twice-daily therapy (ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00542399).
Menarchal timing in type 1 diabetes through the last 4 decades.$$$ OBJECTIVE: We sought to examine whether age at menarche has changed over the past 4 decades by comparing age at menarche by year of diagnosis with type 1 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This work consisted of a cross-sectional study of age at menarche in two cohorts: adolescents (ages 11-24 years, n = 228) and adults (ages 19-55 years, n = 290, enrolled in the Coronary Artery Calcification in Type 1 Diabetes study). RESULTS: The adolescent cohort reported a younger age of menarche than the adult women with type 1 diabetes (12.69 ± 0.08 vs. 13.22 ± 0.12 years, mean ± SE, P < 0.001). Age at menarche was later in both adolescent girls and adult women with type 1 diabetes diagnosed before menarche (12.82 ± 1.16 and 13.7 ± 2.23 years) than for individuals diagnosed after menarche (12.12 ± 1.25 and 12.65 ± 1.38 years, P < 0.001 for both). Age at menarche was then examined by decade of type 1 diabetes diagnosis (1970-1979, 1980-1989, 1990-1999, and 2000-2009). Age at menarche significantly declined over the 4 decades (P = 0.0002). However, the delay in menarche among girls diagnosed with type 1 diabetes before menarche compared with those diagnosed after menarche was also significant across all decades (P < 0.0001) and did not change significantly over time (P = 0.41 for interaction of cohort and diagnosis premenarche). CONCLUSIONS: Age at menarche has declined over the past 4 decades among girls with type 1 diabetes, but a delay in age at menarche remains among individuals diagnosed before menarche compared with individuals diagnosed after menarche. FAU - Schweiger, Bahareh
Association between age at menarche and diabetes in Korean post-menopausal women: results from the Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (2007-2009).$$$ Early menarche is known to be associated with diabetes, however this association remains controversial. Our study aimed to investigate the possible association between age at menarche and diabetes prevalence in post-menopausal Korean women. This study included 3,254 post-menopausal Korean women aged 50-85 years from the Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey IV (KNHANES 2007-2009). Logistic regression analyses were used to estimate odds ratios (ORs) for diabetes prevalence. Levels of biochemical markers were compared according to groups by age at menarche. Women in the earlier menarche age group (10-12 years) showed higher levels of fasting blood glucose (FBG) and scores of homeostatic model assessment in the insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index than other groups (p <0.05). After adjusting for potential confounding factors, early age at menarche was significantly associated with a higher prevalence of diabetes (OR 1.86, 95% confidence intervals [CI] 1.07-3.23). The observed association remained significant despite additional adjustment for body mass index and waist circumference (OR 1.82, 95% CI 1.03-3.23) and despite further adjustments for FBG levels and HOMA-IR index (OR 2.25, 95% CI 1.11-4.55). Our findings strengthen the hypothesis that younger age at menarche is associated with increased diabetes prevalence in the Korean population. FAU - Hwang, Eunjung
Body trunk fat and insulin resistance in post-pubertal obese adolescents.$$$ CONTEXT AND OBJECTIVE: Insulin resistance is a metabolic disorder commonly associated with excess body fat accumulation that may increase chronic disease risk. The present study was undertaken to evaluate the relationship between body composition and insulin resistance among obese adolescents. DESIGN AND SETTING: Cross-sectional study, at the Adolescence Center, Pediatric Department, Universidade Federal de São Paulo. METHODS: Body composition was assessed using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Dietary intake was evaluated using a three-day dietary record. The biochemical evaluation comprised glucose, insulin, serum lipid, leptin and ghrelin measurements. Insulin resistance was calculated by means of the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). RESULTS: Forty-nine post-pubertal obese adolescents participated in the study: 12 boys and 37 girls of mean age 16.6 (1.4) years and mean body mass index (BMI) of 35.0 (3.9) kg/m(2). The mean glucose, insulin and HOMA values were 90.3 (6.4) mg/dl, 16.6 (8.1) microIU/ml and 3.7 (1.9), respectively. Hyperinsulinemia and insulin resistance were observed in 40.2% and 57.1% of the subjects, respectively. Adolescents with insulin resistance had higher BMI and body trunk fat. There was a trend towards higher leptin concentration in obese individuals with insulin resistance. Insulin resistance was positively correlated with body trunk fat, BMI, body fat mass (kg), leptin and body fat percentage. Furthermore, there was a negative correlation between HOMA-IR and lean body mass. The body composition predicted 30% of the HOMA-IR levels, according to linear regression models. CONCLUSION: Body trunk fat was significantly associated with insulin resistance, demonstrating the clinical importance of abdominal obesity during adolescence. FAU - Santos, Luana Caroline dos
The relationship between Insulin-like Growth Factor 1, sex steroids and timing of the pubertal growth spurt.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Progress through puberty involves a complex hormonal cascade, but the individual contributions of hormones, particularly IGF-1, are unknown. We reanalysed Chard growth study data to explore the tempo of puberty based on changes in both height and hormone levels, using a novel method of growth curve analysis. DESIGN AND SUBJECTS: Schoolboys (n = 54) and girls (n = 70) from Chard, Somerset, England, recruited in 1981 at age 8/9 and followed to age 16. MEASUREMENTS: Every 6 months, height and Tanner stages (genitalia, breast, pubic hair) were recorded, and in a subsample (24 boys, 27 girls), blood samples were taken. Serum IGF-1, testosterone (boys) and oestradiol (girls) were measured by radioimmunoassay. Individual growth curves for each outcome were analysed using variants of the super-imposition by translation and rotation (SITAR) method, which estimates a mean curve and subject-specific random effects corresponding to size, and age and magnitude of peak velocity. RESULTS: The SITAR models fitted the data well, explaining 99%, 65%, 86% and 47% of variance for height, IGF-1, testosterone and oestradiol, respectively, and 69-88% for the Tanner stages. During puberty, the variables all increased steeply in value in individuals, the ages at peak velocity for the different variables being highly correlated, particularly for IGF-1 vs height (r = 0·74 for girls, 0·92 for boys). CONCLUSIONS: IGF-1, like height, the sex steroids and Tanner stages, rises steeply in individuals during puberty, with the timings of the rises tightly synchronized within individuals. This suggests that IGF-1 may play an important role in determining the timing of puberty.
Relationship of Serum Fetuin A with Metabolic and Clinical Parameters in German Children and Adolescents with Type 1 Diabetes.$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIM: The hepatokine fetuin A is upregulated in the metabolic syndrome and in type 2 diabetes (T2D), while its role in adolescent type 1 diabetes (T1D) is unclear. We assessed the relationship between circulating fetuin A levels and metabolic control, comorbidities, and complications in adolescent T1D patients. METHODS: We studied the relationship between serum fetuin A and clinical diabetes-related data from the DPV registry (Diabetes-Pa-tienten-Verlaufsdokumentation) in 172 adolescent T1D patients with early-onset (<5 years) long-standing (>10 years) T1D. Fetuin A levels were further compared between adolescent T1D and T2D patients. RESULTS: Serum fetuin A levels in T1D patients (mean 0.267 ± 0.043 g/L) did not correlate with age, diabetes duration, gender, body mass index (BMI), glycated hemoglobin, serum lipid levels, blood pressure, celiac or thyroid disease, nephropathy, or retinopathy. An association of fetuin A levels with insulin requirements was only evident within the subgroup of overweight T1D patients (rs = 0.439, p = 0.028, n = 25, BMI >90th percentile), disappearing after adjustment for multiple testing. Adolescent T1D patients showed distinctly lower fetuin A levels than patients with T2D (p ≤ 0.001). CONCLUSION: Overall, we did not observe a clinically relevant association of fetuin A levels with surrogate parameters for insulin sensitivity in our juvenile T1D cohort. A correlation with insulin requirements was detectable in overweight patients only. We hypothesize that multiple factors, such as obesity, puberty, inadequate metabolic control, and hepatic steatosis, have to add up before a clinically relevant effect of fetuin A on insulin sensitivity becomes evident.
Impact of pubertal development on endothelial function and arterial elasticity.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Little is known about the relation of pubertal development on endothelial function and arterial elasticity in children and adolescents; therefore, we compared brachial artery flow-mediated dilation and carotid artery elasticity across Tanner (pubertal) stages in children and adolescents. STUDY DESIGN: Blood pressure, fasting lipids, glucose and insulin, body fat, insulin sensitivity adjusted for lean body mass, brachial flow-mediated dilation (percent dilation and area under the curve), endothelium-independent dilation (peak dilation and area under the curve), and carotid artery elasticity were evaluated across pubertal stages (Tanner I vs Tanner II-IV vs Tanner V) in 344 children and adolescents (184 males, 160 females; ages 6 to 21 years). RESULTS: One hundred twenty-four subjects (mean age 8.23 ± 0.15 years; 52 females) were Tanner stage I; 105 subjects (mean age 13.19 ± 0.17 years; 47 females) were Tanner stages II-IV; and 115 subjects (mean age 17.19 ± 0.16 years; 61 females) were Tanner stage V. There were no significant differences for any of the measures of vascular structure and function across pubertal stages. CONCLUSION: Results of the current study indicate that smooth-muscle and endothelial function, as well as carotid artery elasticity, do not differ throughout pubertal development and that accounting for pubertal stage when reporting vascular data in children and adolescents may be unnecessary.
Insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion and beta-cell function during puberty in overweight Hispanic children with a family history of type 2 diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine cross-sectional differences in insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion and beta-cell function during puberty in overweight Hispanic boys and girls with a family history of type 2 diabetes. STUDY DESIGN AND PARTICIPANTS: This cross-sectional, observational study included 214 8-13-y-old Hispanic children with a BMI percentile > or = 85th percentile and family history of type 2 diabetes. METHODS AND ANALYSES: Participants underwent a physical examination, body composition measures, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), and frequently-sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test. Unadjusted and adjusted general linear models (GLM) tested whether insulin/glucose dynamics differed by Tanner stage and gender. RESULTS: Unadjusted group comparisons showed that fasting insulin increased whereas insulin sensitivity (SI) and the disposition index (DI) (a measure of pancreatic beta-cell function) decreased across Tanner stage groups (all P < 0.05). No differences in the acute insulin response to glucose (AIRg), fasting glucose or 2-h glucose were found. After adjusting for covariates, there was no independent effect of Tanner stage on SI (P = 0.9) or AIRg (P = 0.2), but DI was slightly lower in later Tanner stages suggesting decreased beta-cell function in the more mature groups (P = 0.10). CONCLUSIONS: Overweight Hispanic children with a family history of type 2 diabetes may represent a unique population given that pubertal insulin resistance was not evident once analyses controlled for body composition. Longitudinal analyses are required to determine whether the slightly diminished beta-cell function in later Tanner stages plays a role in the development of type 2 diabetes. FAU - Ball, G D C
Adiposity, Dysmetabolic Traits, and Earlier Onset of Female Puberty in Adolescent Offspring of Women With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Clinical Study Within the Danish National Birth Cohort.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Offspring of pregnancies affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk of the development of type 2 diabetes. However, the extent to which these dysmetabolic traits may be due to offspring and/or maternal adiposity is unknown. We examined body composition and associated cardiometabolic traits in 561 9- to 16-year-old offspring of mothers with GDM and 597 control offspring. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We measured anthropometric characteristics; puberty status; blood pressure; and fasting glucose, insulin, C-peptide, and lipid levels; and conducted a DEXA scan in a subset of the cohort. Differences in the outcomes between offspring of mothers with GDM and control subjects were examined using linear and logistic regression models. RESULTS: After adjustment for age and sex, offspring of mothers with GDM displayed higher weight, BMI, waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), systolic blood pressure, and resting heart rate and lower height. Offspring of mothers with GDM had higher total and abdominal fat percentages and lower muscle mass percentages, but these differences disappeared after correction for offspring BMI. The offspring of mothers with GDM displayed higher fasting plasma glucose, insulin, C-peptide, HOMA-insulin resistance (IR), and plasma triglyceride levels, whereas fasting plasma HDL cholesterol levels were decreased. Female offspring of mothers with GDM had an earlier onset of puberty than control offspring. Offspring of mothers with GDM had significantly higher BMI, WHR, fasting glucose, and HOMA-IR levels after adjustment for maternal prepregnancy BMI, and glucose and HOMA-IR remained elevated in the offspring of mothers with GDM after correction for both maternal and offspring BMIs. CONCLUSIONS: In summary, adolescent offspring of women with GDM show increased adiposity, an adverse cardiometabolic profile, and earlier onset of puberty among girls. Increased fasting glucose and HOMA-IR levels among the offspring of mothers with GDM may be explained by the programming effects of hyperglycemia in pregnancy.
Continuous rise of insulin resistance before and after the onset of puberty in children at increased risk for type 1 diabetes - a cross-sectional analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Insulin resistance has been postulated to be linked to the frequent onset of type 1 diabetes (T1D) during puberty. Very few studies have investigated the time course of insulin resistance in childhood. To address the question of how insulin resistance develops with age and how this is related to puberty onset, we examined insulin resistance and pubertal development over time in children at increased risk for T1D. METHODS: Homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was measured in 1848 fasting samples of 1177 children (aged 5-15 years) in a cross-sectional analysis. All children had a first degree relative with T1D, 120 developed islet autoantibodies. Pubertal development was determined by Tanner staging. RESULTS: Insulin resistance rose continuously from age 5 to 13 years in girls and from age 5 to 14 years in boys with an average increase of 0.09 (95 % confidence interval [CI]: 0.08-0.10) per year for girls and 0.07 (95 % CI: 0.06-0.08) for boys. The rise preceded the onset of puberty (Tanner stage 2), which was reported between 10 and 12 years of age in 80.4 % of the children (mean age: 11.2 ± 0.06 years). No difference was seen between children with or without islet autoantibodies. CONCLUSIONS: There was a constant age-dependent rise of insulin resistance during childhood without observed associations to the onset of puberty or the presence of islet autoimmunity in children at increased risk for T1D. Our data show that insulin resistance emerges well before the initiation of physical changes of puberty.
Testicular function during adolescence in boys with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1D): absence of hypogonadism and differences in endocrine profile at the beginning and end of puberty.$$$ AIM: Conflicting results regarding testicular function in adults with type 1 diabetes (T1D) have been reported, but little is known about Leydig and Sertoli cell function during puberty in boys treated with multiple daily insulin doses. Our aim was to assess testicular function in boys with T1D. METHODS: Pubertal boys with T1D (n = 71) and healthy control boys (Control group; n = 104) who were 10-18 years were studied. Both groups were matched by pubertal stage, age, and BMI. Total testosterone (TT), calculated free testosterone (cfT), SHBG, inhibin B, AMH, and gonadotropin levels were determined. RESULTS: At the beginning of puberty, the T1D group had higher levels of SHBG (p = 0.003) and similar androgen levels than the Control group. At the end of puberty, higher TT, and cfT were observed in T1D compared to the Control group (p < 0.01 and p < 0.001, respectively). Gonadotropins and AMH were similar in both groups. Regression analysis showed that T1D was a significant factor, even after adjusting for Tanner stage and BMI-SDS, affecting TT, cFT, and SHBG levels. BMI-SDS was a significant factor affecting TT and SHBG levels. Higher HbA1c had a negative effect on total testosterone and cFT and a positive effect on SHBG levels in T1D boys. CONCLUSION: Adolescents with T1D do not exhibit hypogonadism, as shown by normal gonadotropin, testosterone, inhibin B, and AMH levels. However, in T1D boys, HbA1c and BMI-SDS had a negative association with testosterone levels. Elevated testosterone levels are observed during late puberty, which were not present earlier.
The effect of impaired glucose metabolism on weight loss in multidisciplinary childhood obesity treatment.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether children and adolescents exhibiting an impaired glucose metabolism are more obese at treatment entry and less likely to reduce their degree of obesity during treatment. METHODS: The present study is a longitudinal observational study, including children and adolescents from the Children's Obesity Clinic, Holbaek, Denmark. Anthropometrics, pubertal development, socioeconomic status (SES), and fasting concentrations of plasma glucose, serum insulin, serum C-peptide, and whole blood glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) were collected at treatment entry and at follow-up. Proxies of Homeostasis Model Assessment 2-insulin sensitivity (HOMA2-IS) and Homeostasis Model Assessment 2-β-cell function (HOMA2-B) were calculated with the Homeostasis Model Assessment 2 program. RESULTS: In total, 569 (333 boys) patients, median 11.5 years of age (range 6-22 years), and median body mass index (BMI) z-score 2.94 (range 1.34-5.54) were included. The mean BMI z-score reduction was 0.31 (±0.46) after 13 months (range 6-18) of treatment. At treatment entry, patients with impaired estimates of glucose metabolism were more obese than normoglycemic patients. Baseline concentration of C-peptide was associated with a lower weight loss during treatment in girls (P = .02). Reduction in the insulin concentrations was associated with reduction in BMI z-score in both sexes (P < .0001, P = .0005). During treatment, values of glucose, HbA1c, HOMA2-IS, and HOMA2-B did not change or impact the treatment outcome, regardless of age, sex, SES, or degree of obesity at treatment entry. CONCLUSION: The capability to reduce weight during multidisciplinary treatment in children and adolescents with overweight/obesity is not influenced by an impaired glucose metabolism at study entry or during the course of treatment.
Earlier age at menarche is associated with higher diabetes risk and cardiometabolic disease risk factors in Brazilian adults: Brazilian Longitudinal Study of Adult Health (ELSA-Brasil).$$$ OBJECTIVES: Early menarche has been linked to higher risk of type 2 diabetes in Western and Asian societies, yet whether age at menarche is associated with diabetes in Latin America, where puberty and diabetes may have different life courses, is unknown. We tested the hypothesis that earlier menarche is associated with higher diabetes risk in Brazilian adults. METHODS: We used data from 8,075 women aged 35-74 years in the Brazilian Longitudinal Study of Adult Health (ELSA-Brasil) who had complete information on age at menarche, diabetes status, and covariates. Diabetes was defined based on self-reported physician diagnosis, medication use, and laboratory variables (fasting glucose, 2-hour glucose, and glycated hemoglobin). Poisson regression was used to generate risk ratios (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). RESULTS: Menarche onset < 11 years [vs. 13-14 years (referent)] was associated with higher risk of diabetes (RR = 1.34; 95% CI: 1.14-1.57) after adjusting for sociodemographic factors, maternal education, maternal and paternal diabetes, and birth weight. This persisted after further control for BMI at age 20 years and relative leg length. Additionally, among those not taking diabetes medications, earlier menarche [<11 years vs. 13-14 years (referent)] was associated with higher % glycated hemoglobin (p < 0.001), alanine aminotransferase (p < 0.001), triglycerides (p < 0.001), C-reactive protein (p = 0.003), waist circumference (p < 0.001), and BMI measured at baseline exam (p < 0.001). CONCLUSION: These findings support the hypothesis that earlier menarche is associated with greater risk for adult diabetes and cardiometabolic disease in the Brazilian context. FAU - Mueller, Noel T
Obestatin levels are associated with C-peptide and antiinsulin antibodies at the onset, whereas unacylated and acylated ghrelin levels are not predictive of long-term metabolic control in children with type 1 diabetes.$$$ CONTEXT AND OBJECTIVE: Ghrelin secretion is altered at the onset and after the start of insulin therapy in children with type 1 diabetes. Contemporary regulation of acylated ghrelin (AG), unacylated ghrelin (UAG), and obestatin (OBST) remains undefined in this disease. It is unknown as to whether they could be good predictors of changes in glucose and metabolic control. DESIGN, SETTING, AND SUBJECTS: This was a longitudinal study conducted in a tertiary care center. AG, UAG, and OBST were measured at baseline and after 2 years of follow-up in 51 children and adolescents with a history of type 1 diabetes extending beyond 1 year. A total of 33 healthy matched subjects were used as controls. RESULTS: Age-, puberty-, and body mass index-adjusted UAG levels were lower (P < .005) and OBST levels were higher (P < .009) in children with type 1 diabetes, with respect to controls. AG levels were similar to controls, but all ratios of the three peptides are altered in diabetic patients. OBST (P < .05) was negatively correlated with C-peptide (P < .05) and insulin antibodies (P < .008) at the onset of diabetes. In diabetic patients, baseline AG and UAG levels were negatively correlated with insulin dosage in the short and long term (P < .001). AG, but not OBST, was positively correlated with C-peptide levels 2 years after diagnosis (P < .05). Overall, the peptides were not predictive of glucose and metabolic control. CONCLUSIONS: UAG, AG, OBST, and their ratios are differently regulated in children with type 1 diabetes, suggesting a role in the metabolic balance of the disease, with insulin a likely regulator of AG and UAG. The peptides do not appear to be good long-term predictors of glucose control, with further investigations needed to explain whether OBST could be a precocious predictor of islet dysfunction. FAU - Prodam, Flavia
Predictors of increasing BMI during the course of diabetes in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes: data from the German/Austrian DPV multicentre survey.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Increased weight gain has been reported prior to disease onset (accelerator hypothesis) and as a side effect of intensified insulin therapy in type 1 diabetes (T1D). Paediatric studies are complicated by the age-dependency and gender-dependency of BMI, and also by a trend towards obesity in the general population. The aim of this study was to evaluate factors related to the increase in BMI during the course of diabetes in children and adolescents with T1D in a large multicentre survey. DESIGN: Within the DPV database (Diabetespatienten Verlaufsdokumentation) a standardised, prospective, computer-based documentation programme, data of 53,108 patients with T1D, aged <20 years, were recorded in 248 centres. 12,774 patients (53% male, mean age 13.4±3.9, mean diabetes duration 4.7±3.0 years and mean age at diabetes onset 8.7±4.0 years) were included in this analysis. Population-based German reference data were used to calculate BMI-SDS and define overweight and obesity. RESULTS: 12.5% of T1D patients were overweight and 2.8% were obese. Multiple longitudinal regression analysis revealed that female gender, low BMI at diabetes onset, intensified insulin therapy and higher insulin dose, as well as pubertal diabetes onset, long diabetes duration and onset in earlier calendar years among girls, were related to higher BMI-SDS increase during the course of diabetes (p<0.01; all). CONCLUSIONS: Intensified insulin regimen is associated with weight gain during T1D treatment, in addition to demographic variables. Optimisation of diabetes management, especially in females, might limit weight gain in order to reduce overweight and obesity together with comorbidities among paediatric T1D patients.
Exogenous insulin requirements do not differ between youth and adults with cystic fibrosis related diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine whether insulin requirements and diabetes control differ between adolescents and adults with cystic fibrosis related diabetes (CFRD). METHODS: All CFRD patients on insulin therapy seen at the University of Minnesota outpatient clinic from 1 January 2011 to 1 June 2012 were identified. Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) levels obtained during this period were averaged for each patient, and the most recent outpatient insulin dose was obtained. In addition, retrospective chart review was performed in order to obtain longitudinal data on insulin requirements during the transition from adolescence to adulthood. RESULTS: Eighteen youth aged 14-19 yr and 137 adults aged 20-67 yr were identified to be currently on insulin therapy. The average insulin dose was 0.38 ± 0.29 units/kg/d for adolescents and 0.46 ± 0.30 units/kg/d for adults (p = 0.20). In adults, insulin doses were significantly higher in transplant recipients: Tx = 0.58 ± 0.29, no Tx = 0.43 ± 0.30 (p = 0.005). Average HbA1c was 6.9 ± 2.1% in youth and 6.9 ± 1.5% in adults (p = 0.35). There were no changes in the insulin dosage when adolescents transitioned to adulthood with diabetes were not on higher doses of insulin compared to when they were adolescents with diabetes. CONCLUSION: Modest insulin requirements suggest the persistence of endogenous insulin secretion in both youth and adults with CFRD. In adolescents, residual endogenous insulin secretion likely compensates for the insulin resistance during puberty, keeping insulin requirements low.
Bone mass and sex steroids in postmenarcheal adolescents and adult women with Type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to compare the bone mass in young adolescents and adult women with Type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) and determine its relationship with sex steroid and sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) levels. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. PATIENTS: We studied a group of adolescents and adult women with T1DM (n=45) and 50 healthy controls (C) matched by gynecological age and body mass index in a case-control study. Girls with menarche within the last 18-40 months (n=17 T1DM and 32 C) and adult women (age=30.4+1.4 years; n=28 T1DM and 18 C) were recruited. MEASUREMENTS: Bone mass was evaluated with a GE Lunar Prodigy densitometer. Sex steroid levels were measured by radioimmunoassay. RESULTS: Bone mass was lower in adolescents with T1DM than in control adolescents, but was similar in both groups of postmenarcheal girls after adjusting for age, lean, and fat mass. However, adult T1DM women exhibited lower adjusted and unadjusted (P<.05) Z-femoral neck (-0.2±0.2 vs. 0.4±0.2) and bone mineral content (BMC) (2306±61 vs. 2645±79 g) than adult controls. Adult controls and T1DM adults showed higher whole body BMC than adolescent controls and T1DM adolescents, respectively. Bone mass in T1DM did not correlate with estradiol, free estradiol, testosterone, SHBG, or HbA1c levels. CONCLUSIONS: The diminished bone mass observed in adult T1DM women does not appear to be related to sex steroid levels. In young adolescents with T1DM, the observed decrease in bone mass appears to be related to differences in body composition and age.
Association of breakfast skipping with visceral fat and insulin indices in overweight Latino youth.$$$ Few studies have investigated the relationship between breakfast consumption and specific adiposity or insulin dynamics measures in children. The goal of this study is to determine whether breakfast consumption is associated with adiposity, specifically intra-abdominal adipose tissue (IAAT), and insulin dynamics in overweight Latino youth. Participants were a cross-sectional sample of 93 overweight (> or =85th percentile BMI) Latino youth (10-17 years) with a positive family history of type 2 diabetes. Dietary intake was assessed by two 24-h recalls, IAAT, and subcutaneous abdominal adipose tissue (SAAT) by magnetic resonance imaging, body composition by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry, and insulin dynamics by a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test and minimal modeling. Participants were divided into three breakfast consumption categories: those who reported not eating breakfast on either day (breakfast skippers; n = 20), those who reported eating breakfast on one of two days (occasional breakfast eaters; n = 39) and those who ate breakfast on both days (breakfast eaters; n = 34). Using analyses of covariance, breakfast omission was associated with increased IAAT (P = 0.003) independent of age, Tanner, sex, total body fat, total body lean tissue mass, and daily energy intake. There were no significant differences in any other adiposity measure or in insulin dynamics between breakfast categories. Eating breakfast is associated with lower visceral adiposity in overweight Latino youth. Interventions focused on increasing breakfast consumption are warranted. FAU - Alexander, Katharine E
Cross-sectional and longitudinal relationships of body mass index with glycemic control in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ AIMS: Weight gain is an oft-cited outcome of improved glycemic control in adults with type 1 diabetes, though few studies have investigated this in youth. The purpose of this paper was to examine cross-sectional and longitudinal associations of body mass index (BMI, kg/m(2)) with glycemic control in youth with type 1 diabetes (n=340, 12.5 ± 1.7 year, 49% female, duration ≥ 1 year) participating in a 2-year multi-center intervention study targeting family diabetes management. METHODS: BMI was calculated from height and weight measured at clinic visits. Glycohemoglobin (HbA1c) at each visit was assayed centrally. Cross-sectional associations of baseline BMI with glycemic control, and of change in BMI and HbA1c with baseline values, were examined. Longitudinal associations of time-varying BMI and HbA1c were examined using a multilevel linear mixed effects model controlling for time-varying time (months), insulin dose (units/kg/day), regimen, Tanner stage, and time invariant baseline diabetes duration, BMI, treatment group and sociodemographic characteristics. RESULTS: Baseline HbA1c was unrelated to baseline BMI, but was related positively to subsequent BMI change (p=0.04) and inversely to HbA1c change (p=0.002). Baseline BMI was inversely related to BMI change (p=0.01) and unrelated to HbA1c change. In multilevel regression, BMI was related inversely to HbA1c (%) (β ± SE=-0.11 ± 0.02, p<0.001) and positively to insulin dose (0.23 ± 0.07, p=0.001). In the treatment group only, BMI was positively related to pump regimen (0.18 ± 0.08, p=0.02). CONCLUSIONS: Increased insulin administered to improve glycemic control may contribute to increased BMI in youth with type 1 diabetes, indicating the importance of determining ways to minimize weight gain while optimizing glycemic control.
Elevated 1-hour post-load plasma glucose identifies obese youth with abnormal glucose metabolism and an unfavourable inflammatory profile.$$$ CONTEXT: Adults with plasma glucose levels at one hour (1h-GL) ≥8.6 mmol/L during an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) are at increased risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus and present an unfavourable cardiometabolic and inflammatory profile, but relevant data on children are scarce. OBJECTIVE: To investigate if elevated 1h-GL during OGTT in obese children and adolescents is associated with insulin resistance and specific pro-inflammatory biomarkers. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: The study group comprised 88 obese children who attended the Outpatient Pediatric Clinic of our Hospital between January and December 2016. Children were divided into two groups according to 1h-GL during an OGTT: group 1 (n = 57) consisted of those with 1h-GL <8.6 mmol/L and group 2 (n = 31) of those with 1h-GL ≥8.6 mmol/L. Arterial blood pressure, body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference (WC) z-scores were measured in all participants. Specific insulin resistance (IR) indices, that is HOMA-IR, Matsuda index and Cederholm insulin sensitivity index (ISI) were calculated. Further, pro-inflammatory biomarkers that have been correlated with obesity complications, namely adiponectin, leptin, visfatin and interleukin (IL)-6 together with lipid levels were measured in all participants. Logistic regression analysis was used. RESULTS: Children in group 2 had higher insulin (15.5 ± 6.4 vs 10.9 ± 4.8 μU/mL), HOMA-IR (3.41 ± 1.4 vs 2.34 ± 1.05) and lower Matsuda index [4.7 (3.1) vs 18.4 (17) median plus IQR] and Cederholm ISI (38 ± 6 vs 56 ± 11), than children in group 1 (all P < 0.001). They also had higher visfatin (15.4 ± 5.2 vs 10.1 ± 7 ng/mL), and IL-6 [12.5 (6.7) vs 4.8 (4.4) pg/mL], and lower adiponectin (5.9 ± 3.4 vs 11.8 ± 4.7 μg/mL) than children in group 1 (all P < 0.001). Logistic regression showed that these differences between the two groups were independent of age, sex, Tanner stage, BMI and WC z-scores. CONCLUSIONS: In obese children, 1h-GL ≥8.6 mmol/L during an OGTT is correlated with worsened IR, and an unfavourable metabolic and inflammatory profile. Thus, 1h-GL could be used as an additional marker to identify obese children and adolescents at increased risk of developing obesity complications.
Glucose tolerance affects pubertal growth and final height of children with cystic fibrosis.$$$ There are few data about the impact of cystic fibrosis-related diabetes (CFRD) on growth. We analyzed 17 children with cystic fibrosis (CF) presenting with newly diagnosed CFRD during puberty, in comparison with a matched control group of 52 CF children with normal glucose tolerance (NGT). Anthropometric evaluation showed that body mass index at CFRD diagnosis was significantly reduced in children with CFRD, in comparison with children with NGT (CFRD: -0.48 ± 1.08 vs. NGT: 0.2 ± 0.99; P=0.01), and the same difference remained evident at the end of follow up (CFRD: -0.49 ± 0.95 vs. NGT: 0.13 ± 0.89; P=0.04). Height standard deviation score (SDS) at baseline was slightly but not significantly lower in CFRD children (CFRD: -0.71 ± 0.83 vs. NGT: -0.25 ± 1.08; P=0.08), while final height SDS was significantly reduced (CFRD: -1.61 ± 1.12 vs. NGT: -0.61 ± 1.15; P=0.003). Mean final height SDS of the whole group was lower than mean target height SDS (final height SDS: -0.86 ± 1.2 vs. target height SDS: -0.3 ± 0.85; P<0.001). Target adjusted final height was lower in CFRD children, although the difference between CFRD and NGT children did not reach statistical significance (CFRD: -0.8 ± 1.03 vs. NGT: -0.47 ± 0.9; P=0.09). Pubertal growth and final height are negatively affected by CFRD. Intensive insulin treatment does not appear to be effective in normalizing growth, even when treatment is started early in the course of the disease, before the onset of clinical deterioration.
Greater diet quality is associated with more optimal glycemic control in a longitudinal study of youth with type 1 diabetes.$$$ BACKGROUND: Despite the centrality of nutrition in the management of type 1 diabetes, the association of diet quality and macronutrient distribution with glycemic control is ambiguous. OBJECTIVE: This study examined longitudinally the association of dietary intake with multiple indicators of glycemic control in youth with type 1 diabetes participating in a behavioral nutrition intervention study. DESIGN: Participants in a randomized clinical trial of a behavioral nutrition intervention [n = 136; mean ± SD age: 12.8 ± 2.6 y; glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c): 8.1% ± 1.0%; 69.1% using an insulin pump] completed 3-d diet records at baseline and months 3, 6, 9, 12, and 18; masked continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) data were obtained concurrently with the use of the Medtronic iPro CGM system. HbA1c was obtained every 3 mo; 1,5-anhydroglucitol was obtained every 6 mo. Linear mixed-effects regression models estimated associations of time-varying dietary intake variables with time-varying glycemic control indicators, controlling for age, height, weight, sex, Tanner stage, diabetes duration, regimen, frequency of blood glucose monitoring, physical activity, and treatment assignment. RESULTS: HbA1c was associated inversely with carbohydrate and natural sugar, and positively with protein and unsaturated fat. 1,5-Anhydroglucitol was associated positively with fiber intake and natural sugar. Greater glycemic control as indicated by ≥1 CGM variable was associated with higher Healthy Eating Index-2005, whole plant food density, fiber, carbohydrate, and natural sugar and lower glycemic index and unsaturated fat. CONCLUSIONS: Both overall diet quality and macronutrient distribution were associated with more optimal glycemic control. Associations were more consistent for CGM variables obtained concurrently with dietary intake than for biomarkers of longer-term glycemic control. These findings suggest that glycemic control may be improved by increasing intake of high-fiber, low glycemic-index, carbohydrate-containing foods. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00999375.
Current use of metformin in addition to insulin in pediatric patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus: an analysis based on a large diabetes registry in Germany and Austria.$$$ BACKGROUND: With increasing obesity in childhood and adolescence, weight gain, and insulin resistance become also more frequent in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Especially during puberty, insulin therapy often has to be intensified and higher insulin doses are necessary. Some studies point to a beneficial effect of metformin in addition to insulin in these patients. In order to describe current practice and possible benefits, we compared pediatric T1DM patients with insulin plus metformin (n = 525) to patients with insulin therapy only (n = 57 487) in a prospective multicenter analysis. METHODS: Auxological and treatment data from 58 012 patients aged <21 yr with T1DM in the German/Austrian Diabetes Patienten Verlaufsdokumentation (DPV) registry were analyzed by multivariable mixed regression modeling. RESULTS: Patients with additional metformin were older [median (interquartile range)]: [16.1 (14.1-17.6) vs. 15.2 (11.5-17.5) yr] with female preponderance (61.0 vs. 47.2%, p < 0.01). They had higher body mass index-standard deviation score (BMI-SDS) [+2.03 (+1.29 to +2.56) vs. +0.51 (-0.12 to +1.15); p < 0.01] and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) (9.0 vs. 8.6%, p < 0.01). Hypertension (43.7 vs. 24.8%) and dyslipidemia (58.4 vs. 40.6%) were significantly more prevalent. Adjusted insulin dose was significantly higher (0.98 vs. 0.93 IU/kg bodyweight). In a subgroup of 285 patients followed-up longitudinally (average treatment period 1.42 yr), addition of metformin resulted in a slight reduction of BMI-SDS [-0.01 (-2.01 to +1.40)], but did not improve HbA1c or insulin requirement. CONCLUSION: Additional metformin therapy in T1DM is primarily used in obese females. Additional therapy with metformin was associated with minor benefits.
Genetic characteristics and long-term follow-up of 11 patients with congenital hyperinsulinism followed in a single center.$$$ BACKGROUND: Congenital hyperinsulinism (CHI) is a rare disease with an estimated incidence of 1:40,000 live births. Here, we characterize 11 patients treated at Munich Children's Hospital Schwabing. METHODS: We analyzed data on birth, treatment and laboratory results including genetic testing and evaluated the long-term course with a follow-up visit. RESULTS: All patients had severe, diazoxide-(DZX)-resistant hypoglycemia, beginning immediately after birth. Two patients were treated by medical therapy, eight underwent subtotal pancreatectomy and one had a partial resection. Both patients who had medical therapy still suffer from occasional hypoglycemia. Six patients with subtotal pancreatectomy were affected by mild hypoglycemia. Seventy-five percent of patients who had surgical treatment developed diabetes mellitus (DM) at a median age of 10.5 (8-13) years. In 89% of patients with available genetic testing, mutations of the ABCC8 gene were detected. CONCLUSIONS: The majority of CHI-patients not responding to DZX underwent surgery. After subtotal pancreatectomy, patients typically developed diabetes around early puberty. FAU - Warncke, Katharina
The contribution of glycemic control to impaired growth during puberty in young people with type 1 diabetes and microalbuminuria.$$$ BACKGROUND: In adults with type 1 diabetes (T1D), short stature has been associated with risk for cardiovascular disease and nephropathy. However, there are no available data on the potential relationship between growth patterns during puberty and the development of vascular complications. Our aim was to assess whether pubertal growth is impaired in young people with T1D who develop microalbuminuria (MA). METHODS: Repeated height measurements performed during adolescence were available for 206 young people (107 boys) with T1D followed in the Oxford Regional Prospective Study. Longitudinal data on albumin-creatinine ratios and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) were also collected from the study participants. Height standard deviations score (SDS) was compared between subjects with (MA+; n = 66) and without MA (MA-; n = 140). RESULTS: In the group as a whole, mean [95% CI] height SDS progressively declined during puberty, from 0.145 [0.015; 0.274] to -0.003 [-0.145; 0.138], p < 0.001. However, the decline in height SDS was significantly different between the MA+ and MA- groups (p = 0.023), with a mean difference in final height of 4.29 [1.87; 6.72] cm, p = 0.001. Final height was inversely associated with MA (HR [95%CI]: 0.942 [0.908; 0.979], p = 0.002), although this association was no longer significant after adjusting for HbA1c, which was higher in the MA+ group. CONCLUSION: In this study, we found a significant impairment in growth during puberty in young people with T1D, particularly in those developing MA. Poor glycemic control as well as other genetic or environmental factors could explain these associations.
Impact of comorbid conditions on survival in endometrial cancer.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the contribution of multiple medical comorbidities on the overall survival of endometrial cancer patients. METHODS: The study evaluated 490 endometrial cancer patients stages I to IV who were treated between 1992 and 2008 with a hysterectomy with or without radiation therapy (RT). Hazard ratios (HR) were calculated for multiple variables including: diabetes mellitus (DM), hypertension (HTN), body mass index, smoking, RT, and years of estrogen exposure and then recalculated with an adjustment for age and grade as potential confounders. RESULTS: In this study, 47% of patients had HTN, 26% had DM, 11% were smokers, 64% were stage I, 39% were grade 1, and 36% received RT. The presence of DM and HTN on univariate analysis resulted in decreased survival with [HR 1.70; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.18-2.46] and (HR 1.66; 95% CI, 1.17-2.36), respectively. On multivariate analysis after correction for stage, age, and grade, DM and HTN continued to show a reduced survival rate (HR 1.58; 95% CI, 1.07-2.33 and HR 1.51; 95% CI, 1.06-2.15, respectively). Body mass index, smoking, parity, age at menarche, and years of estrogen exposure did not affect survival before or after correction for stage, age, and grade. CONCLUSIONS: In this study, DM and HTN adversely effected survival. Given the favorable survival rate for most patients with endometrial cancer, attention to comorbid conditions, and particularly DM and HTN, is becoming more relevant for its implications on current health care and policy. FAU - Nicholas, Zachary
Inverse association between insulin resistance and frequency of milk consumption in low-income Argentinean school children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the association between milk consumption, lifestyle, components of the metabolic syndrome, and insulin resistance in school children. STUDY DESIGN: Students (n = 365 [175M]) age 10 +/- 2.3 years from 2 poor suburbs of Buenos Aires were examined for body mass index, waist circumference, blood pressure, and Tanner stage in April 2007. Fasting concentrations of lipids, insulin, and glucose were determined. Mothers completed questionnaires about their children's lifestyle. RESULTS: Approximately 14.0% of the children were obese, and 12.1% were overweight by use of norms from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Half were at Tanner I. Mean values of waist circumference, systolic blood pressure, insulin resistance, and insulin were higher as subjects consumed more glasses of milk. Multiple regression analysis with insulin resistance as the dependent variable showed that there was a significant and positive association with triglyceridemia (beta = 0.007) and waist circumference (beta = 0.024), and a negative association with milk consumption (beta = -0.135) adjusted for blocks walked daily, TV viewing, soft drink consumption, parental educational level, sex, age, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, and systolic blood pressure (R(2) = 0.27). CONCLUSIONS: Increased milk consumption was associated with greater insulin sensitivity, suggesting that it might reduce the risk of type 2 diabetes. FAU - Hirschler, Valeria
Percentiles of fasting serum insulin, glucose, HbA1c and HOMA-IR in pre-pubertal normal weight European children from the IDEFICS cohort.$$$ OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study is to present age- and sex-specific reference values of insulin, glucose, glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c) and the homeostasis model assessment to quantify insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) for pre-pubertal children. METHODS: The reference population consists of 7074 normal weight 3- to 10.9-year-old pre-pubertal children from eight European countries who participated in at least one wave of the IDEFICS ('identification and prevention of dietary- and lifestyle-induced health effects in children and infants') surveys (2007-2010) and for whom standardised laboratory measurements were obtained. Percentile curves of insulin (measured by an electrochemiluminescence immunoassay), glucose, HbA1c and HOMA-IR were calculated as a function of age stratified by sex using the general additive model for location scale and shape (GAMLSS) method. RESULTS: Levels of insulin, fasting glucose and HOMA-IR continuously show an increasing trend with age, whereas HbA1c shows an upward trend only beyond the age of 8 years. Insulin and HOMA-IR values are higher in girls of all age groups, whereas glucose values are slightly higher in boys. Median serum levels of insulin range from 17.4 and 13.2 pmol l(-1) in 3-<3.5-year-old girls and boys, respectively, to 53.5 and 43.0 pmol l(-1) in 10.5-<11-year-old girls and boys. Median values of glucose are 4.3 and 4.5 mmol l(-1) in the youngest age group and 49.3 and 50.6 mmol l(-1) in the oldest girls and boys. For HOMA-IR, median values range from 0.5 and 0.4 in 3-<3.5-year-old girls and boys to 1.7 and 1.4 in 10.5-<11-year-old girls and boys, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Our study provides the first standardised reference values for an international European children's population and provides the, up to now, largest data set of healthy pre-pubertal children to model reference percentiles for markers of insulin resistance. Our cohort shows higher values of Hb1Ac as compared with a single Swedish study while our percentiles for the other glucose metabolic markers are in good accordance with previous studies. FAU - Peplies, J
Genome-wide association study of age at menarche in African-American women.$$$ African-American (AA) women have earlier menarche on average than women of European ancestry (EA), and earlier menarche is a risk factor for obesity and type 2 diabetes among other chronic diseases. Identification of common genetic variants associated with age at menarche has a potential value in pointing to the genetic pathways underlying chronic disease risk, yet comprehensive genome-wide studies of age at menarche are lacking for AA women. In this study, we tested the genome-wide association of self-reported age at menarche with common single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in a total of 18 089 AA women in 15 studies using an additive genetic linear regression model, adjusting for year of birth and population stratification, followed by inverse-variance weighted meta-analysis (Stage 1). Top meta-analysis results were then tested in an independent sample of 2850 women (Stage 2). First, while no SNP passed the pre-specified P < 5 × 10(-8) threshold for significance in Stage 1, suggestive associations were found for variants near FLRT2 and PIK3R1, and conditional analysis identified two independent SNPs (rs339978 and rs980000) in or near RORA, strengthening the support for this suggestive locus identified in EA women. Secondly, an investigation of SNPs in 42 previously identified menarche loci in EA women demonstrated that 25 (60%) of them contained variants significantly associated with menarche in AA women. The findings provide the first evidence of cross-ethnic generalization of menarche loci identified to date, and suggest a number of novel biological links to menarche timing in AA women. FAU - Demerath, Ellen W
Age at diagnosis, gender, and metabolic control in children with type 1 diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine whether age at diagnosis and gender affect early metabolic control in children with type 1 diabetes. DESIGN AND METHODS: Data on age at diagnosis, gender, pubertal status, and metabolic control were gathered by a retrospective chart review of children diagnosed between 1992 and 2005. Mean hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) values were compared at five time points: at diagnosis and at 6, 12, 24, and 36 months after diagnosis. RESULTS: At diagnosis, girls aged 6-12 years presented with significantly higher HbA1c levels than girls diagnosed at older or younger ages. Their HbA1c at diagnosis was also significantly higher than that in boys of the same age. There was no gender difference among children diagnosed at ages 0-5 or 13+ yr. At 6 months after diagnosis, only age at diagnosis was associated with metabolic control, with children diagnosed when older presenting with lower HbA1c levels. At 12, 24, and 36 months after diagnosis, there were no significant effects of age at diagnosis or gender on glycemic status. CONCLUSION: At initial diagnosis, girls in the 6-12 age group presented with higher HbA1c levels compared with boys and girls of other age groups. Although endocrine changes associated with puberty may partly explain the findings, more investigation to elucidate mechanisms accounting for the interaction of age and gender with glycemic status is needed. FAU - Hochhauser, Carl J
The effect of prepubertal diabetes duration on diabetes. Microvascular complications in early and late adolescence.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To define the significance of prepubertal diabetes duration in the development of diabetic microvascular complications in adolescents. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Study A compares complications in 38 prepubertal (PreP) and 140 pubertal (Pub) subjects of the same age (10-14 years) and diabetes duration (3-12 years) to determine if the absence of puberty itself confers a lower risk of complications. Study B examines the importance of prepubertal and pubertal diabetes duration in 193 older adolescents (ages 15-22 years) with prepubertal onset of diabetes. Retinopathy status was assessed using stereoscopic fundus photography of seven fields per eye. Albumin excretion rate (AER) was assessed by three consecutive overnight urine collections, using a polyclonal radioimmunoassay. RESULTS: In study A, there were no significant differences between the PreP and Pub groups for retinopathy (27 vs. 29%, P = 0.8) or differences in elevated AER (17 vs. 31%, P = 0.1). In study B, longer prepubertal diabetes duration improved the prediction for retinopathy over postpubertal duration alone (P < 0.0005). No relationship with duration was found for elevated AER (> 7.5, > 15, and > 30 micrograms/min). CONCLUSIONS: Prepubertal subjects with diabetes did not have less retinopathy or elevated albumin excretion compared with pubertal subjects of the same age. Prepubertal diabetes duration is significantly related to the presence of retinopathy in adolescents. FAU - Donaghue, K C
The 13C-Glucose Breath Test for Insulin Resistance Assessment in Adolescents: Comparison with Fasting and Post-Glucose Stimulus Surrogate Markers of Insulin Resistance.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the use of the 13C-glucose breath test (13C-GBT) for insulin resistance (IR) detection in adolescents through comparison with fasting and post-glucose stimulus surrogates. METHODS: One hundred thirty-three adolescents aged between 10 and 16 years received an oral glucose load of 1.75 g per kg of body weight dissolved in 150 mL of water followed by an oral dose of 1.5 mg/kg of U-13C-Glucose, without a specific maximum dose. Blood samples were drawn at baseline and 120 minutes, while breath samples were obtained at baseline and at 30, 60, 90, 120, 150, and 180 minutes. The 13C-GBT was compared to homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) IR (≥p95 adjusted by gender and age), fasting plasma insulin (≥p90 adjusted by gender and Tanner stage), results of 2-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), insulin levels (≥65 μU/mL) in order to determine the optimal cut-off point for IR diagnosis. RESULTS: 13C-GBT data, expressed as adjusted cumulative percentage of oxidized dose (A% OD), correlated inversely with fasting and post-load IR surrogates. Sexual development alters A% OD results, therefore individuals were stratified into pubescent and post-pubescent. The optimal cut-off point for the 13C-GBT in pubescent individuals was 16.3% (sensitivity=82.8% & specificity=60.6%) and 13.0% in post-pubescents (sensitivity=87.5% & specificity=63.6%), when compared to fasting plasma insulin. Similar results were observed against HOMA and 2-h OGTT insulin. CONCLUSION: The 13C-GBT is a practical and non-invasive method to screen for IR in adolescents with reasonable sensitivity and specificity. FAU - Maldonado-Hernández, Jorge
Puberty, IDDM, and death in Japan. Diabetes Epidemiology Research International Study Group.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the impact of age at onset on the prognosis of childhood IDDM in Japan. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: The study population consisted of 987 prepubertal-onset and 345 pubertal-onset IDDM cases who were registered by two nationwide surveys and who were diagnosed between 1965 and 1979. The living status was identified as of 1 January 1990 with the ascertainment rate of 96.5%. Prognosis was evaluated by cause- and age-specific mortality rates and life-table analyses; in addition, an attained-age-matched case-control study was analyzed by conditional logistic regression. RESULTS: The adjusted mortality rates per 100,000 person-years for the pubertal-onset cases were significantly higher than those of the prepubertal-onset cases (835 [95% CI 573-1,168] vs. 391 [283-526]). Life-table analyses revealed that the survival rate of the pubertal-onset cases was lower than that of the prepubertal-onset cases for each observation period. Life-table analyses after the age of 15 years indicated that the prognosis of pubertal cases was almost the same as that of the prepubertal cases despite having a shorter duration of diabetes. The attained-age-matched case-control study indicated that the pubertal onset was a potent determinant of death. CONCLUSIONS: The prognosis of pubertal-onset IDDM was considerably poorer than that of prepubertal-onset IDDM. FAU - Nishimura, R
Intake of dairy products, calcium, magnesium, and phosphorus in childhood and age at menarche in the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study.$$$ PURPOSE: Studies indicate that milk intake is associated with insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) concentrations and height in childhood, whether milk and other dairy products promote puberty remains unclear. This study aimed to investigate influences of pre-pubertal intakes of milk, yogurt and cheese on menarcheal age in Tehranian girls. The associations of total dietary calcium (Ca), magnesium (Mg), and phosphorus (P) with menarcheal age were also examined. METHODS: This prospective study was conducted on 134 pre-pubertal girls, aged 4-12 years at baseline, who participated in the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study (TLGS), and were followed for a median of 6.5 years. Dietary intakes were determined at initiation of the study using two non-consecutive 24-h dietary recalls and the age of menarche was documented during the follow-up. Logistic regression was used to calculate the risk of reaching menarche ≤ 12 years according to pre-pubertal levels of dairy or mineral intakes. RESULTS: The risk of earlier menarche was higher in girls with higher intakes of milk [OR: 2.28 (95% CI: 1.03-5.05)], Ca [OR: 3.20 (95%CI: 1.39-7.42)], Mg [OR: 2.43 (95% CI: 1.12-5.27)] and P [OR: 3.37 (95 % CI: 1.44-7.87) after controlling for energy and protein intake, interval between the age at study initiation and the age of menarche, and maternal age at menarche (Model 1). Girls in the middle tertile of cheese intakes had a lower risk of reaching menarche ≤ 12 years than those in the lowest tertile after controlling for covariates in model 1. These associations remained significant after further adjustment of BMI Z-score at baseline. The relationship of Ca, Mg, and P with menarche remained after further adjustment for height Z-score at baseline, whereas the association between milk and cheese intakes became non-significant. CONCLUSIONS: Pre-pubertal intake of milk, but not cheese and yogurt, may hasten age at menarche. FAU - Ramezani Tehrani, Fahimeh
Circulating adipocytokines in non-diabetic and Type 1 diabetic children: relationship to insulin therapy, glycaemic control and pubertal development.$$$ AIM: To determine the influence of Type 1 diabetes mellitus on circulating adipocytokines in children. METHODS: The circulating concentrations of leptin, adiponectin, resistin and tumour necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha were measured in 91 children, aged 11.1 +/- 2.7 years, with Type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Ninety-one healthy children were selected as control subjects. RESULTS: Body mass index-adjusted leptin concentrations were higher in the pubertal diabetic children compared with the control children. There was a significant positive correlation between leptin and daily insulin dose in the diabetic group. Circulating adiponectin concentrations were higher in the prepubertal diabetic children and were positively associated with HbA(1c). Resistin concentrations were lower in the prepubertal non-diabetic subjects compared with the pubertal non-diabetic children, whose values were higher than those of the diabetic children. TNF-alpha concentrations were similar in non-diabetic and diabetic children. CONCLUSIONS: Circulating concentrations of adipocytokines are abnormal in Type 1 diabetic children, although the direction of change differs by cytokine. Pubertal development, in addition to insulin treatment and glycaemic control, also influences the concentrations. FAU - Celi, F
[Growth and puberty in type 1 diabetes mellitus - experience from a pediatric endocrinology unit].$$$ BACKGROUND: Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus (T1DM) is the most common endocrine-metabolic disease in children. It is associated with vascular and neuropathic complications, and may also affect growth and development. OBJECTIVE: To correlate the metabolic control and disease duration with growth and puberty in patients with T1DM followed in a Pediatric Endocrinology Outpatient Clinic. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Retrospective analysis. Sample obtained from patients with T1DM followed in Hospital Santa Maria Pediatric Endocrinology Outpatient Clinic (Lisbon - Portugal) since 1994 until March 2011. INCLUSION CRITERIA: patients diagnosed before the onset of puberty and who had attained their final height during the follow-up. VARIABLES: sex, age, weight and height at diagnosis and final, parents' height, growth velocity, pubertal height gain, age at menarche and metabolic control during puberty. RESULTS: 39 patients, 51% female, 82% diagnosed less than five years before puberty. Fifty-four percent presented an average HbA1c between 8-10%, what we considered reasonable. There seems to be a trend towards an inverse association between HbA1c and the maximum speed of growth and pubertal height gain, although not statistically significant. These patients were taller than average at diagnosis (z-score: male 0.9; female: 0.5) and lost height during puberty, yet attained final heights within normal range and matching their target heights. CONCLUSIONS: Although HbA1c seems to negatively influence maximum growth rate and pubertal height gain, there was no compromise in final height in this group of patients. FAU - Timóteo, Catarina
Age at menarche, the leg length to sitting height ratio, and risk of diabetes in middle-aged and elderly Chinese men and women.$$$ AIMS: To evaluate the associations of age at menarche and the leg length-to-sitting-height ratio, markers of adolescent growth, with risk of diabetes in later life. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Information from 69,385 women and 55,311 men, aged 40-74 years from the Shanghai Women's Health Study and Shanghai Men's Health Study, were included in the current analyses. Diabetes status was ascertained through biennial in person follow-up. Cox models, with age as the time scale, were used. RESULTS: There were 2369 cases of diabetes (1831 women; 538 men) during an average of 7.3 and 3.6 years of follow-up of the women and men, respectively. In females, menarche age was inversely associated with diabetes risk after adjustment for birth cohort, education, and income (HR = 0.95, 0.92-0.98). In both genders, leg length-to-sitting-height ratio was inversely related to diabetes (HR = 0.88, 0.80-0.97 for men; HR = 0.91, 0.86-0.96 for women) after adjustment for birth cohort, education, and income. Further adjustment for adult BMI at study enrollment completely eliminated the associations of age at menarche (HR = 0.99, 0.96-1.02) and the leg length-to-sitting-height ratio (HR = 1.00, 0.91-1.10 for men; HR = 1.01, 0.96-1.07 for women) with diabetes risk. CONCLUSIONS: Our study suggests that markers of an early age at peak height velocity, i.e. early menarche age and low leg-length-to-sitting height ratio, may be associated with diabetes risk later in life and this association is likely to be mediated through obesity. FAU - Conway, Baqiyyah N
Diet, physical, and biochemical characteristics of children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes: relationship between dietary fat and glucose control.$$$ BACKGROUND: Nutritional habits may significantly influence glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in youth with type 1 diabetes (T1D). AIMS: To assess dietary intake, cardiovascular risk factors, and the association between diet composition and glycemic control in Italian youth with T1D. METHODS: Subjects included 114 youth aged 6-16 yr with T1D receiving a routine treatment program with nutrition counseling and 448 controls. Cross-sectional measures included dietary intake, anthropometry, blood pressure, lipid profile, and, in children with diabetes, HbA1c. RESULTS: In prepubertal children, BMI, subcutaneous skinfolds, the prevalence of overweight/obesity, and LDL cholesterol (LDL-CH) were significantly lower in patients than in controls, whereas HDL cholesterol (HDL-CH) was higher. Pubertal boys with T1D did not differ significantly from controls in either anthropometry or lipid profile. Pubertal girls with T1D had a higher BMI and higher triceps skinfolds than controls but not significantly different prevalence of overweight/obesity or lipid profile. Compared to controls, participants with T1D had a lower intake of lipids and simple carbohydrates, a higher ratio of unsaturated/saturated fats and fibre, and a dietary intake closer to the National Reference Dietary Intakes (RDIs). The odds of having an HbA1c higher than 7.5, adjusted for BMI, lipid, and fibre intake, increases by 53% for every 1% increase of energy intake from saturated fat in the diet and by 30% for every year of duration of diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Youth with T1D having regular nutritional counseling had a diet closer to RDIs than controls and not different cardiovascular risk factors. High saturated fatty acid intake was associated with poor blood glucose control.
Prevalence and concomitants of glucose intolerance in European obese children and adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The worldwide increase in the prevalence of childhood obesity is reaching epidemic proportions and is associated with a dramatic rise in cases of type 2 diabetes. The prevalence of glucose intolerance and its determinants and the relation of cardiovascular risk factors with levels of glycemia and degree of obesity were studied in grossly obese children of European origin. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 710 grossly obese Italian children (SD score [SDS] of BMI 3.8 +/- 0.7) aged 6-18 years, including 345 male subjects, underwent an oral glucose tolerance test. Insulin resistance and insulin secretion were estimated using the homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance and the insulinogenic index, respectively. Fibrinogen, C-reactive protein, lipids, and uric acid were measured. The 2-h postload glucose and degree of obesity, calculated as the SDS of weight/height(2), were used as dependent variables. RESULTS: The prevalence of glucose intolerance was 4.5%. Insulin resistance (P < 0.0001), impaired insulin secretion (P < 0.0001), and diastolic blood pressure (BP) (P < 0.05) were significantly and independently related to 2-h postload glucose values. The degree of obesity did not relate to insulin resistance but was independently correlated with inflammatory proteins, uric acid, and systolic BP, variables that were often abnormal in this population. CONCLUSIONS: In these grossly obese children, both insulin resistance and impaired insulin secretion contribute to the elevation of glycemia, and the degree of obesity is related to cardiovascular risk factors independently of insulin resistance. FAU - Invitti, Cecilia
Evaluation of glucose metabolism in children with growth hormone deficiency during long-term growth hormone treatment. LID - 10.26402/jpp.2018.2.08 [doi]$$$ Growth hormone (GH) affects carbohydrate metabolism through direct negative effect on insulin sensitivity and indirectly, via insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), which exerts positive insulin-mimetic action. The aim of this retrospective study was to evaluate the influence of long-term GH treatment on glucose homeostasis in 118 children with isolated idiopathic GH deficiency (GHD). Based on this analysis we wanted to determine the usefulness of glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) and parameters derived from the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in the monitoring of disturbed glucose metabolism during GH treatment and to assess the value of IGF-1 in prediction of those changes. Mean duration of GH treatment was 2.5 ± 1.2 years. Data were analysed in the whole group and according to baseline pubertal status. Significant increases in insulin concentrations, both fasting and during the OGTT, accompanied by a significant increase in fasting glucose and unchanged glucose concentrations during the OGTT, were found after the initiation of GH treatment. HbA1c did not change significantly during GH treatment in comparison to baseline values and remained normal, even in patients with impaired fasting glucose (IFG) or impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) found during GH treatment. Changes in glucose metabolism observed after the onset of GH treatment were related to increment in IGF-1 SDS and to GH doses. Significant associations between changes in IGF-1 SDS in the first year of GH treatment and some of the glucose metabolism parameters evaluated after the first, the second and the third year of GH treatment were also confirmed in multiple regression analysis after taking the GH dose into consideration. All cases of IFG and/or IGT detected during GH treatment are reversible after dietary intervention, independently of pubertal status, and do not lead to diabetes mellitus. FAU - Witkowska-Sedek, E
Saturation of subcutaneous adipose tissue expansion and accumulation of ectopic fat associated with metabolic dysfunction during late and post-pubertal growth.$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: Puberty is a period defined by large changes in adipose tissue accumulation and distribution; however, longitudinal patterns of ectopic fat development have not been shown. We have previously shown significant declines in beta-cell function (BCF) across puberty and hypothesize that accumulation of ectopic fat deposition, particularly hepatic fat, will predict this fall. SUBJECT/METHODS: We conducted a longitudinal study and examined 2-year change in abdominal fat distribution and type 2 diabetes risk markers in 76 Hispanic children and young adults (16.1±0.5 years, 66% obese, 52% male, 51% post-pubertal). Subcutaneous abdominal adipose tissue (SAAT), visceral adipose tissue (VAT), hepatic fat fraction (HFF) and pancreatic fat fraction (PFF) were measured by 3-Tesla magnetic resonance imaging, and markers of type 2 diabetes risk were collected at fasting and during an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). RESULTS: Baseline pubertal status significantly moderated the 2-year change in ectopic fat deposition, such that VAT, HFF and PFF increased in individuals during late and post-pubertal growth, whereas children earlier in their pubertal development decreased ectopic accumulation and had less VAT accumulation (VAT: pTanner*time=0.044, 0.31±0.08 l vs 0.03±0.10 l; HFF: pTanner*time=0.007, 1.34±0.87% vs -2.61±1.11%; PFF: pTanner*time<0.001, 1.61±0.39% vs -0.96±0.50%). Independent of pubertal status, the 2-year increase in HFF and VAT significantly associated with a decline in BCF (ß=-1.04, P=0.038; ß=-1.81, P=0.020) and metabolic function, while accumulation of SAAT significantly associated with BCF (ß=1.36, P=0.012) and metabolic improvement. HFF accumulation was the only depot to significantly predict clinical markers of type 2 diabetes risk, fasting glucose and HbA1c, and circulating free fatty acid levels (ß=1.00, P=0.034; ß=1.00, P=0.015; ß=01.01, P=0.024). CONCLUSIONS: The accumulation of SAAT defends against type 2 diabetes risk and potentially ectopic fat accumulation. Intra-abdominal VAT and HFF accumulation both associate with metabolic decline and BCF, while HFF predicts an even greater number of metabolic risk features. FAU - Gyllenhammer, L E
Growth and subcutaneous fat during the first five years of insulin-dependent diabetes in children.$$$ Thirty-four children were observed prospectively during a period of 5 years from the onset of diabetes regarding height, weight and subcutaneous fat in relation to treatment and diabetes control. Height, weight and body mass index (BMI) did not differ from those in a control group. The girls with diabetes increased their triceps and subscapular fat significantly despite a normal BMI. This increase in relation to control girls was most pronounced during late adolescence. Triceps skinfold and BMI after 5 years were both negatively correlated to insulin dose per kilogram body weight in the diabetic girls. We conclude that girls with diabetes accumulate subcutaneous fat in certain areas rapidly during adolescence in a completely different way from healthy girls. FAU - Tuvemo, T
Dietary fat intake and insulin resistance in black and white children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to determine whether dietary fat intake above current Acceptable Macronutrient Distribution Range (AMDR) guidelines was associated with greater insulin resistance in black and white children. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: We studied 142 healthy children (n = 81 whites, n = 61 blacks), 6.5 to 14 years old. Dietary composition was determined by repeated 24-hour dietary recall, body composition by DXA, visceral fat by computed tomography, and insulin sensitivity (SI) and acute insulin response to glucose (AIRg) by frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test. Subjects were categorized by ethnicity (white/black) and dietary fat intake (above-AMDR/within-AMDR guidelines), and differences were analyzed by 2 x 2 analysis of covariance, adjusting for covariates. RESULTS: After adjusting for total body fat, gender, and Tanner stage, subjects consuming dietary fat above AMDR intake guidelines had lower SI and higher AIRg. This effect was specific to black children (32% lower SI and 62% higher AIRg in above-AMDR compared with within-AMDR blacks) and was not seen in whites. DISCUSSION: In black, but not white, children, those with dietary fat intake above current AMDR guidelines had lower SI and higher AIRg than those who met AMDR guidelines. These findings support current AMDR guidelines for dietary fat in black children and adolescents. The mechanism(s) underlying the ethnic differences in the relationship between dietary fat intake and SI in children require further investigation. FAU - Weigensberg, Marc J
Peptide YY levels across pubertal stages and associations with growth hormone.$$$ CONTEXT: Changes in appetite-regulating peptides may impact food intake during puberty and facilitate the pubertal growth spurt. Peptide YY (PYY) is an anorexigenic hormone that is high in anorexia nervosa and low in obesity, inhibits GnRH secretion, and is suppressed by GH administration. The relationship between PYY and GH has not been examined across puberty. OBJECTIVES: We hypothesized that PYY would be inversely associated with GH in adolescents and would be lowest when GH is highest. DESIGN AND SETTING: We conducted a cross-sectional study at a Clinical Research Center. SUBJECTS: We studied 87 children, 46 boys and 41 girls ages 9-17 yr at Tanner stages 1-5 of puberty (10th-90th percentiles for body mass index). OUTCOME MEASURES: We measured fasting PYY and nadir GH levels after administration of an oral glucose load. Leptin levels were also measured. RESULTS: Fasting PYY was lowest and nadir GH highest in boys in Tanner stages 3-4 (P = 0.02) and in girls in Tanner stages 2-3 (P = 0.02). Leptin levels were highest in early pubertal boys and late pubertal girls. For the group as a whole and within genders, even after controlling for body mass index, log nadir GH correlated inversely with log PYY (P = 0.003, 0.07, and 0.02). PYY levels did not correlate with leptin levels. CONCLUSIONS: During mid-puberty, at a time when GH levels are the highest, PYY is at a nadir, and these low PYY levels may facilitate pubertal progression and growth. FAU - Lloyd, Benjamin
Factors Associated with the Presence and Severity of Diabetic Ketoacidosis at Diagnosis of Type 1 Diabetes in Korean Children and Adolescents.$$$ The aim of this study was to identify the risk factors for presence and severity of diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) at the onset of type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) in Korean children and adolescents. A retrospective chart review of children and adolescents newly diagnosed with T1DM was conducted in seven secondary and tertiary centers in Korea. Eligible subjects were < 20 years of age and had records on the presence or absence of DKA at the time of T1DM diagnosis. DKA severity was categorized as mild, moderate, or severe. Data were collected on age, height, body weight, pubertal status, family history of diabetes, delayed diagnosis, preceding infections, health insurance status, and parental education level. A total of 361 patients (male 46.3%) with T1DM were included. Overall, 177 (49.0%) patients presented with DKA at T1DM diagnosis. Risk factors predicting DKA at T1DM diagnosis were age ≥ 12 years, lower serum C-peptide levels, presence of a preceding infection, and delayed diagnosis. Low parental education level and preceding infection increased the severity of DKA. These results suggest that alertness of the physician and public awareness of diabetes symptoms are needed to decrease the incidence and severity of DKA at T1DM diagnosis. FAU - Lee, Hye Jin
Diabetes IN develOpment (DINO): the bio-psychosocial, family functioning and parental well-being of youth with type 1 diabetes: a longitudinal cohort study design.$$$ BACKGROUND: Strict glycemic control during adolescence decreases the risk of developing complications later in life, even if this level of control is not maintained afterwards. However, the majority of adolescents with type 1 diabetes (T1D) are in poor control and so far medical or psychological interventions have shown limited success. Adolescence is characterized by major biological, psychosocial, cognitive and parent-child relationship changes and the complex interaction between these developmental trajectories, and its impact on health outcomes is still poorly understood. A specific topic of interest in this context is the timing of diagnosis. The longitudinal study DINO (Diabetes IN develOpment) aims to examine: 1) If and how the onset of T1D before vs. during puberty results in different outcomes of glycemic control, self-management, psychological functioning and diabetes-related quality of life. 2) The timing of onset of disturbed eating behavior, its risk factors and its prospective course in relation to glycemic and psychological consequences. 3) If and how the onset of T1D before vs. during puberty results in different family functioning and parental well-being. 4) If and how the cognitive development of youth with T1D relates to glycemic control and diabetes self-management. METHODS/DESIGN: DINO, a longitudinal multi-center cohort study is conducted in youth with T1D in the age range 8-15 years at baseline. Participants will be divided into two subgroups: pre-pubertal and pubertal. Both groups will be followed for 3 years with assessments based on a bio-psychosocial model of diabetes, scheduled at baseline, 12 months, 24 months and 36 months examining the biological, psychosocial -including disturbed eating behaviors- and cognitive development, family functioning and parental well-being. DISCUSSION: A better understanding of how the different trajectories affect one another will help to gain insight in the protective and risk factors for glycemic outcomes and in who needs which support at what moment in time. First results are expected in 2016. FAU - Eilander, Minke M A
Glucose intolerance in a large cohort of mediterranean women with polycystic ovary syndrome: phenotype and associated factors.$$$ The aim of this study was to investigate the phenotypic parameters and associated factors characterizing the development of glucose intolerance in polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Among the 121 PCOS female subjects from the Mediterranean region, 15.7 and 2.5% displayed impaired glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes, respectively. These subjects were included in a single group of overweight or obese subjects presenting with glucose intolerance (GI) states. PCOS women with normal glucose tolerance (81.8%) were subdivided into two groups: those who were overweight or obese and those of normal weight. Metabolic and hormonal characteristics of the GI group included significantly higher fasting and glucose-stimulated insulin levels, more severe insulin resistance, hyperandrogenemia, and significantly higher cortisol and androstenedione responses to 1-24 ACTH stimulation. One important finding was that lower birth weight and earlier age of menarche were associated with GI in PCOS women. Frequency of hirsutism, oligomenorrhea, acne, and acanthosis nigricans did not characterize women with GI. Our findings indicate that PCOS patients with GI represent a subgroup with specific clinical and hormonal characteristics. Our observations may have an important impact in preventative and therapeutic strategies. FAU - Gambineri, Alessandra
Early age at menarche: a risk factor for overweight or obesity in patients with type 1 diabetes living in urban areas?$$$ AIMS: Determine the relationship between age at menarche, glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in patients with type 1 diabetes living in urban areas. METHODS: This was a multicenter cross-sectional study conducted in 20 cities in four Brazilian geographic regions. Data were obtained from 1527 female patients, 59.3% Caucasians, aged 25.1 ± 10.6 years. Diabetes duration was 11.4 ± 8.1 years. Age at menarche was stratified in four groups: 8-11 (group 1, early menarche), 12 (group 2), 13 (group 3) and 14-18 years (group 4, late menarche). RESULTS: The mean age at menarche was 12.7 ± 1.7 years without difference among geographical regions, economic status, level of care and ethnicity. BMI had an inverse correlation with age at menarche (r=-0.14, p<0.001). No significant difference was observed among the four groups for blood pressure, lipid profile and diabetes-related chronic complications. Logistic regression analysis showed that early age at menarche, 8-11 years (odds ratio (ORs) 1.77 [1.30-2.41], p<0.001) and duration of diabetes [ORs 1.01 (1.00-1.03), p=0.02], were related to greater risk of patients' overweight or obesity; adherence to diet [ORs 0.78 (0.60-0.93), p=0.01], physical activity [ORs 0.75 (0.94-0.94), p=0.01], and lower insulin dose (U/kg) [ORs 0.54 (0.59-0.90), p=0.001] were related to lower risk for overweight or obesity. CONCLUSIONS: Early menarche occurred in 23.4% of women with type 1 diabetes living in Brazilian urban areas and was strongly associated with overweight/obesity in pubertal/adult life. Further studies are warranted to establish the relationship between early menarche, glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors.
Insulin management and metabolic control of type 1 diabetes mellitus in childhood and adolescence in 18 countries. Hvidøre Study Group on Childhood Diabetes.$$$ Insulin regimens and metabolic control in children and adolescents with Type 1 diabetes mellitus were evaluated in a cross-sectional, non-population-based investigation, involving 22 paediatric departments, from 18 countries in Europe, Japan, and North America. Blood samples and information were collected from 2873 children from March to August 1995. HbA1c was determined once and analysed centrally (normal range 4.4-6.3%, mean 5.4%). Year of birth, sex, duration of diabetes, height, body weight, number of daily insulin injections, types and doses of insulin were recorded. Average HbA1c in children under 11 years was 8.3 +/- 1.3% (mean +/- SD) compared with 8.9 +/- 1.8% in those aged 12-18 years. The average insulin dose per kg body weight was almost constant (0.65 U kg(-1) 24 h(-1)) in children aged 2-9 years for both sexes, but there was a sharp increase during the pubertal years, particularly in girls. The increase in BMI of children with diabetes was much faster during adolescence compared to healthy children, especially in females. Sixty per cent of the children (n = 1707) used two daily insulin injections while 37% (n = 1071) used three or more. Of those on two or three injections daily, 37% used pre-mixed insulins, either alone or in combination with short- and intermediate-acting insulin. Pre-adolescent children on pre-mixed insulin showed similar HbA1c levels to those on a combination of short- and long-acting insulins, whereas in adolescents significantly better HbA1c values were achieved with individual combinations. Very young children were treated with a higher proportion of long-acting insulin. Among adolescent boys, lower HbA1c was related to use of more short-acting insulin. This association was not found in girls. We conclude that numerous insulin injection regimens are currently used in paediatric diabetes centres around the world, with an increasing tendency towards intensive diabetes management, particularly in older adolescents. Nevertheless, the goal of near normoglycaemia is achieved in only a few. FAU - Mortensen, H B
The shape of the plasma glucose curve during an oral glucose tolerance test as an indicator of Beta cell function and insulin sensitivity in end-pubertal obese girls.$$$ It is hypothesized that the shape of the glucose curve during an oral glucose tolerance test is an early indicator of the risk for developing type 2 diabetes mellitus. In this study, we aimed to examine the shape of plasma glucose response curves and study their relationship with insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion and components of the metabolic syndrome in end-pubertal obese girls. Eighty-one end-pubertal obese girls [median (range) age: 14.4 (11.2-18.0) years; BMI: 34.6 (25.4-50.8) kg/m(²)] who underwent a 2-h oral glucose tolerance test were classified according to the shape of the glucose curve. Four shape types of the plasma glucose response curve were observed: 28 (34.6%) monophasic, 30 (37.0%) biphasic, 14 (17.3%) triphasic, and 9 (11.1%) unclassified. Patients with a monophasic shape had a higher area under the curve for glucose (p = 0.008), a lower early-phase insulin secretion (p = 0.005), and a poorer beta cell function relative to insulin sensitivity as reflected by the oral disposition index (p = 0.022) compared to the bi- and triphasic shape types. In addition, the triglyceride level and TG/HDL-C ratio was higher in patients with a monophasic shape compared to those with a biphasic shape (p = 0.040 and p = 0.048, respectively). In conclusion, end-pubertal obese girls with a monophasic plasma glucose curve are at increased risk for insulin resistance, which can contribute to the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular diseases.
Being born large for gestational age is associated with earlier pubertal take-off and longer growth duration: a longitudinal study.$$$ AIM: Perinatal factors seem to influence the onset of puberty, but there is limited information on the potential effect of large size at birth on pubertal growth. This study evaluated pubertal growth in children born large for gestational age (LGA) compared to children born appropriate for gestational age (AGA). METHODS: Longitudinal growth data collected from 70 children - 40 AGA and 30 LGA - were analysed. The ages at take-off, peak height velocity, final height and pubertal growth spurts were calculated using the Preece-Baines model I. RESULTS: Large for gestational age children showed an earlier age at take-off compared to AGA children (10.1 ± 1.2 versus 11.0 ± 1.4 years, p = 0.007), whereas the age at peak height velocity and at final height was similar. LGA children showed a longer growth spurt duration (2.5 ± 1 versus 1.5 ± 1.2 years, p < 0.001) and total pubertal duration (5.3 ± 1.2 versus 4.6 ± 1.2 years, p = 0.036) than AGA children. Results were similar when stratified by sex. CONCLUSION: Being born LGA was associated with an earlier pubertal take-off and longer growth duration. These unique findings, due to the lack of studies on pubertal growth patterns in LGA children, might lead the way to novel research and a different approach to LGA children at the onset of pubertal growth.
Effects of changes in adiposity and physical activity on preadolescent insulin resistance: the Australian LOOK longitudinal study.$$$ BACKGROUND: In a previous longitudinal analysis of our cohort as 8 to 10 year-olds, insulin resistance (IR) increased with age, but was not modified by changes in percent body fat (%BF), and was only responsive to changes in physical activity (PA) in boys. We aimed to determine whether these responses persisted as the children approached adolescence. METHODS: In this prospective cohort study, 256 boys and 278 girls were assessed at ages 8, 10 and 12 years for fasting blood glucose and insulin, %BF (dual energy X-ray absorptiometry); PA (7-day pedometers), fitness (multistage run); and pubertal development (Tanner stage). RESULTS: From age 8 to 12 years, the median homeostatic model of IR (HOMA-IR) doubled in boys and increased 250% in girls. By age 12, 23% of boys and 31% of girls had elevated IR, as indicated by HOMA-IR greater than 3. Longitudinal relationships, with important adjustments for covariates body weight, PA, %BF, Tanner score and socioeconomic status showed that, on average, for every 1 unit reduction of %BF, HOMA-IR was lowered by 2.2% (95% CI 0.04-4) in girls and 1.6% (95% CI 0-3.2) in boys. Furthermore, in boys but not girls, HOMA-IR was decreased by 3.5% (95%CI 0.5-6.5) if PA was increased by 2100 steps/day. CONCLUSION: Evidence that a quarter of our apparently healthy 12 year-old Australians possessed elevated IR suggests that community-based education and prevention strategies may be warranted. Responsiveness of IR to changes in %BF in both sexes during late preadolescence and to changes in PA in the boys provides a specific basis for targeting elevated IR. That body weight was a strong covariate of IR, independent of %BF, points to the importance of adjusting for weight in correctly assessing these relationships in growing children. FAU - Telford, Richard D
Pubertal adolescent male-female differences in insulin sensitivity and glucose effectiveness determined by the one compartment minimal model.$$$ Most studies of insulin sensitivity in puberty have been cross-sectional and have not been able to longitudinally address changes that might occur. In addition, these studies were unable to separate out glucose's ability to stimulate its own disposal (glucose effectiveness, S(G)) from insulin sensitivity (S(I)) or to separate the hepatic and peripheral effects of insulin. To address these problems, we used the frequently sampled i.v. glucose tolerance test with [6,6]D2 glucose to study S(G)* and S(I)* in 24 children (Tanner stage 1-3) at 6-mo intervals over an 18-mo period. Mean overnight GH and fasting GH binding protein (GHBP), IGF-1, and leptin levels were also measured. S(G)* did not differ between the sexes or Tanner stages. S(I)* did not differ between Tanner stages for either sex and was higher in boys than in girls. Hepatic insulin resistance did not differ between sexes or Tanner stages. S(G)* was not related to any of the other variables measured. S(I)* was negatively related to BMI, GHBP, IGF1, and leptin. These results demonstrate that insulin sensitivity is greater in prepubertal and early pubertal boys than in girls and is primarily determined by body mass effects. FAU - Hoffman, R P
The impact of physiological, therapeutic and psychosocial variables on glycemic control in youth with type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Intensive management of type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM1) in youth is challenging. We evaluated the relative impact of variables related to DM1 among groups of pre/early pubertal, midpubertal and postpubertal youths with DM1. METHODS: In this cross-sectional study of 153 youth with DM1, we ascertained Tanner stage, insulin dose and delivery modality (CSII vs MDI), daily blood glucose monitoring (BGM) frequency, and most recent hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c). We collected questionnaires from patients and their parents on diabetes-specific family conflict and family involvement in diabetes management tasks. We assessed predictors of glycemic control according to pubertal status. RESULTS: Insulin doses increased between pre/ early puberty and midpuberty (p <0.0001); daily BGM frequency (p = 0.02) and family involvement for DM management (p <0.001) were lowest in the postpubertal group. HbA1c was similar among all three puberty groups (8.4+/-1.4). Lower levels of child-reported DM-specific family conflict, more frequent BGM, and CSII use were significantly associated with lower HbA1c (R2 = 0.20, p <0.001). CONCLUSION: Although glycemic control was not significantly worse in midpubertal and post-pubertal patients, family involvement for DM management and adherence to BGM were lower in late adolescence. Interventions to optimize glycemic control may include minimizing DM-specific conflict, increasing BGM frequency, and implementing CSII use. FAU - Moreland, Elaine C
Nocturnal hypoglycemia in children and adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: prevalence and risk factors.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the prevalence and risk factors of nocturnal hypoglycemia (NH) in children and adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. STUDY DESIGN: A total of 150 patients, 87% of whom were receiving conventional therapy, were admitted to the hospital for one night. Blood glucose (BG) levels were measured hourly from 10 PM to 8 AM. RESULTS: The prevalence of NH was 47%; NH was asymptomatic in 49% of the cases. Risk factors were as follows: at least two episodes of severe hypoglycemia from onset of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (p = 0.0004), insulin dosage > 0.85 IU/kg per day (p = 0.02), more than 5% of BG measurements < or = 3.3 mmol/L during the last month of monitoring (p = 0.04). The risk decreased significantly with age (p = 0.0001). Both high predictive values and significant relative risk were found for BG thresholds < or = 5.2 mmol/L at dinner time (p < 0.0001) and < or = 6.7 mmol/L at 7 AM (p < 0.0001). When BG values at 10 PM were used, prediction of NH was weak. CONCLUSIONS: Nocturnal hypoglycemia occurred frequently in children and adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Our study found risk factors that will help pediatricians to identify those children with a high risk of NH. Especially in these patients, counseling based on the BG values before dinner and early in the morning is indicated to reduce the prevalence of NH. FAU - Beregszàszi, M
Somatomedins in adolescence: a cross-sectional study of the effect of puberty on plasma insulin-like growth factor I and II levels.$$$ To explore the effect of puberty on the somatomedins (SMs), a group of insulin-like peptides which mediate the action of GH on skeletal tissue, we measured SM-C/insulin-like growth factor-I (SM-C/IGF-I) and IGF-II by specific RIAs in 110 adolescents between the ages of 10 and 18 yr. All subjects were in good health and between the 5th and 95th percentiles for height. In both females and males, SM-C/IGF-I levels rose during puberty to a peak approximately 3-fold higher than the average adult level. The rise in SM-C/IGF-I levels corresponded better with the Tanner stage of the adolescents than with their chronological age. IGF-II levels did not rise during puberty and were slightly below adult levels. The dramatic rise in SM-C/IGF-I levels during puberty suggests a role for this SM peptide in the adolescent growth spurt. Furthermore, these data indicate that proper interpretation of SM-C/IGF-I levels during adolescence must include a knowledge of the patient's pubertal development. FAU - Luna, A M
Female reproductive history and risk of type 2 diabetes: A prospective analysis of 126 721 women.$$$ AIM: To examine the prospective associations between aspects of a woman's reproductive history and incident diabetes. METHODS: We pooled individual data from 126 721 middle-aged women from eight cohort studies contributing to the International Collaboration for a Life Course Approach to Reproductive Health and Chronic Disease Events (InterLACE). Associations between age at menarche, age at first birth, parity and menopausal status with incident diabetes were examined using generalized linear mixed models, with binomial distribution and robust variance. We stratified by body mass index (BMI) when there was evidence of a statistical interaction with BMI. RESULTS: Over a median follow-up of 9 years, 4073 cases of diabetes were reported. Non-linear associations with diabetes were observed for age at menarche, parity and age at first birth. Compared with menarche at age 13 years, menarche at ≤10 years was associated with an 18% increased risk of diabetes (relative risk [RR] 1.18, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.02-1.37) after adjusting for BMI. After stratifying by BMI, the increased risk was only observed in women with a BMI ≥25 kg/m(2) . A U-shaped relationship was observed between parity and risk of diabetes. Compared with pre-/peri-menopausal women, women with a hysterectomy/oophorectomy had an increased risk of diabetes (RR 1.17, 95% CI 1.07-1.29). CONCLUSIONS: Several markers of a woman's reproductive history appear to be modestly associated with future risk of diabetes. Maintaining a normal weight in adult life may ameliorate any increase in risk conferred by early onset of menarche.
Prevalence of impaired awareness of hypoglycemia and identification of predictive symptoms in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes.$$$ BACKGROUND: In children with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) the prevalence of impaired awareness of hypoglycemia (IAH) is uncertain. This study aimed to ascertain this with greater precision. Secondary aims were to assess symptoms of hypoglycemia and which of these best predict awareness of hypoglycemia in children. METHODS: Questionnaires were completed by 98 children with T1DM (mean age 10.6 yr) and their parent(s); hospital admission data for the previous year were collected. Awareness of hypoglycemia was assessed using two questionnaire-based methods that have been validated in adults. For 4 wk, participants performed routine blood glucose measurements and completed questionnaires after each episode of hypoglycemia. Principal components analysis determined how symptoms correlate; multinomial logistic regression models identified which symptom aggregate best predicted awareness status. RESULTS: The 'Gold' questionnaire classified a greater proportion of the participants as having IAH than the 'Clarke' questionnaire (68.4 vs. 22.4%). Using the 'Clarke' method, but not the 'Gold' method, children with IAH were younger and more likely to require external assistance or hospital admission. Most aged ≥9 yr (98.6%) were able to self-assess awareness status accurately. Puberty and increasing age, augmented symptom scores; duration of diabetes and glycemic control had no effect. In contrast to adults, behavioral symptoms were the best predictors of awareness status. CONCLUSIONS: IAH affects a substantial minority of children and impending hypoglycemia may be heralded by behavioral symptoms. The 'Clarke' method was more effective at identifying those at increased risk and could be used as a screening tool.
Elevated α-Hydroxybutyrate and Branched-Chain Amino Acid Levels Predict Deterioration of Glycemic Control in Adolescents.$$$ CONTEXT: Traditional risk factors for type 2 diabetes mellitus are weak predictors of changes in glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity in youth. OBJECTIVE: To identify early metabolic features of insulin resistance (IR) in youth and whether they predict deterioration of glycemic control. DESIGN AND SETTING: A cross-sectional and longitudinal study was conducted at the Yale Pediatric Obesity Clinic. PATIENTS AND INTERVENTION: Concentrations of α-hydroxybutyrate, β-hydroxybutyrate, lactate, and branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs) were measured by nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy in 78 nondiabetic adolescents during an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Associations between baseline metabolic alterations and longitudinal changes in glucose control were tested in 16 subjects after a mean follow-up of 2.3 years. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The relationship between metabolite levels, parameters of IR, and glycemic control, and their progression over time. RESULTS: Elevated fasting α-hydroxybutyrate levels were observed in adolescents with reduced insulin sensitivity after adjusting for age, sex, ethnicity, Tanner stage, and body mass index z-score (P = 0.014). Plasma α-hydroxybutyrate and BCAAs were increased throughout the course of the OGTT in this group (P < 0.03). Notably, borderline IR was associated with a progressive α-hydroxybutyrate decrease from elevated baseline concentrations to normal levels (P = 0.02). Increased baseline α-hydroxybutyrate concentrations were further associated with progressive worsening of glucose tolerance and disposition index. CONCLUSION: α-Hydroxybutyrate and BCAA concentrations during an OGTT characterize insulin-resistant youth and predict worsening of glycemic control. These findings provide potential biomarkers for risk assessment of type 2 diabetes and new insights into IR pathogenesis.
Prospective evaluation of risk factors for the development of islet autoimmunity and type 1 diabetes during puberty--TEENDIAB: study design.$$$ Type 1 diabetes (T1D) has a peak incidence in childhood and adolescence. The TEENDIAB study investigates the period of puberty and adolescence in the natural course of T1D development. Evidence suggests that the immune phenotype of children developing autoimmunity during puberty and adolescence differs from that in childhood. We hypothesize that these differences reflect heterogeneity in the genetic and environmental factors that influence the development of autoimmunity in puberty versus early infancy. TEENDIAB is an observational cohort study that enrols and follows 1500 children aged 8-12 and who have a first degree relative with T1D to test this hypothesis. Data collection and analyses will focus on determining the phenotype of islet autoimmunity, genotypes of T1D- and type 2 diabetes-associated genes, insulin resistance, and β-cell function, growth, obesity, and physical exercise. The findings of this study will increase the understanding of pathogenetic mechanisms behind the increasing diabetes incidence in youth and the impact of obesity on diabetes development in this age period.
Ketoacidosis at diagnosis in childhood-onset diabetes and the risk of retinopathy 20years later.$$$ AIMS: To investigate on the relationship between severity of ketoacidosis, an important risk factor for C-peptide preservation, and long-term microvascular complications in childhood-onset type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). METHODS: 230 childhood-onset diabetic patients (177 pre-pubertal), aged 7.0±3.8years followed for at least 15years after their diagnosis, were enrolled. Clinical and laboratory data at diagnosis, and C-peptide levels in a subset of patients, were compared with the severity of retinopathy and nephropathy, after a mean of 19.6±3.8years of disease. Digital retinal photographs were taken in all patients, and centrally graded. Repeated measurements of HbA1c and microalbuminuria for the whole duration of diabetes were collected in over half of the cases. RESULTS: Out of 230 patients, those with the lowest age at diagnosis had the most severe DKA and clinical conditions (p<0.05), and lower C-peptide levels (p<0.0001) at diagnosis. There was a significant relationship between pH and clinical severity (r=-0.783, p<0.0001), and between pH and C-peptide levels (r=0.278, p<0.05). The severity of ketoacidosis had no relationship with subsequent lifetime HbA1c values and long-term microvascular complications. In logistic regression analysis, the only variables that independently influenced severity of retinopathy were lifetime HbA1c (B=0.838, p<0.001), duration of disease (B=0.208, p<0.005) and age at diagnosis (B=0.116, p<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The degree of metabolic derangement at diagnosis is not associated with retinopathy and nephropathy in childhood-onset T1DM. Age at diagnosis seems to be an important variable to be considered when evaluating the long-term effects of residual beta-cell function.
Prevalence and correlates of obesity in insulin dependent diabetic patients.$$$ The prevalence of obesity, according to sex and pubertal stage, and the correlations between obesity and metabolic data were investigated in 286 diabetic patients (164 boys, 122 girls) with mean (SD) age 15.3 (3.2) years and mean (SD) duration of diabetes 7.5 (4.1) years. Prevalence of obesity according to the body mass index (BMI) criteria was 6.3%. Girls were more often obese than boys but the prevalence approached statistical significance only for the BMI criteria, at 9.8% v 3.7% (chi 2 = 3.5; p = 0.06); obesity was independent of pubertal stage. Distribution of BMI values of diabetic girls was skewed towards the high centiles of the INSERM tables: < 25th centile, 8.6%; 25th-50th centile, 17.3%; 50th-75th centile, 25.9%; > 75th centile, 48.2% (chi 2 = 19.17, p < 0.0005). BMI values of diabetic boys were homogeneously distributed. Age, duration of diabetes, insulin requirement, daily number of insulin injections, and metabolic control (HbA1c) were comparable in obese and non-obese diabetic patients. Moreover metabolic control and insulin requirements were comparable between diabetic patients with BMI above and below the 50th centile of the INSERM tables after matching for sex. In conclusion the prevalence of obesity in diabetic children and adolescents is quite similar to the prevalence reported in their non-diabetic peers. Obesity and BMI excess correlate with female gender but are independent of insulin requirement and metabolic control. FAU - Bognetti, E
Relationship between anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH) and insulin levels during different tanner stages in daughters of women with polycystic ovary syndrome.$$$ CONTEXT: We have previously described increased serum levels of anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH) and stimulated insulin in daughters of women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), suggesting that these girls may have an altered ovarian follicular development which may be modulated by insulin. However, the specific relationship between serum AMH and insulin levels during each Tanner stage of puberty in this cohort has not been established. OBJECTIVE: The aim of our study was to establish the relationship between AMH and poststimulated insulin serum concentrations during each stage of puberty in daughters of women with PCOS (PCOSd), compared to daughters of control women (Cd). DESIGN: We studied 135 PCOSd and 93 Cd classified according to their Tanner stage. Gonadotrophins, sex steroids, sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), and AMH were determined in a fasting sample. Ovarian volume was measured by pelvic ultrasound. In addition, in both groups we performed an oral glucose tolerance test with measurements of glucose and insulin. RESULTS: Anti-Müllerian hormone levels were significantly higher in PCOSd compared to Cd at all Tanner stages. Daughters of women with PCOS having AMH concentrations greater than 2 standard deviation (SD) above the mean AMH value for the Cd group showed decreased serum follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) concentrations and increased stimulated levels of insulin during Tanner stages I, II, and III. CONCLUSIONS: Anti-Müllerian hormone levels are increased in PCOSd during all stages of puberty. We suggest that those PCOSd with the highest AMH levels probably represent a group of girls with more severe ovarian dysfunction and metabolic derangements. FAU - Sir-Petermann, Teresa
Relationship of serum adipocyte-derived proteins with insulin sensitivity and reproductive features in pre-pubertal and pubertal daughters of polycystic ovary syndrome women.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate in a cross-sectional study adiponectin and leptin levels in prepubertal and pubertal daughters of women with PCOS and their relationship to insulin sensitivity and reproductive features. STUDY DESIGN: We studied 92 daughters of PCOS women (PCOSd) and 76 daughters of control women (Cd) matched by age and body mass index SD scores and distributed according to breast Tanner stage: prepuberty (Tanner 1), early puberty (Tanner 2-3) or late puberty (Tanner 4-5). In all girls an oral glucose tolerance test was performed. Leptin, adiponectin, sex steroids, SHBG, glucose, insulin and lipid profile were determined. Leptin-adiponectin ratio, free androgen index and insulin sensitivity (HOMA-IR and ISI composite) were then calculated. RESULTS: Prepubertal PCOSd showed lower serum adiponectin compared to Cd (p=0.028), whereas during puberty no differences were observed between the groups. Leptin concentrations were similar in both groups in all Tanner stages. In addition, in PCOSd during early puberty, adiponectin showed a negative correlation with testosterone and leptin showed a negative correlation with ISI composite, which were independent of BMI SDS (r=-0.39; p=0.02 and r=-0.42; p=0.01). CONCLUSION: These observations suggest that during the prepubertal period PCOSd exhibit abnormal adiponectin levels, independently of BMI. Moreover, leptin and adiponectin may be related to metabolic and reproductive abnormalities observed in PCOSd during the early stages of sexual development.
Basal and bolus insulin requirements in children, adolescents, and young adults with type 1 diabetes mellitus on continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII): effects of age and puberty.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Guidelines for insulin dosing, including the insulin to carbohydrate ratio (I/C), insulin sensitivity factor (ISF), and basal/bolus ratio guidelines, have been well established for adults with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). However, clinical experience suggests that these guidelines are not appropriate for children. The purpose of this study was to determine the continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) settings in children with T1DM at different ages and stages of puberty. METHODS: A total of 154 patients data between the ages of 3 and 21 years with well-controlled T1DM according to American Diabetes Association guidelines were reviewed. Only patients on CSII who were not in the honeymoon period were included. RESULTS: Patients were divided into 8 groups according to age, gender, and/or pubertal stage. Insulin requirements increased with puberty in both sexes (0.69, 0.97, and 0.90 U/kg/day in children <7 years of age, midpubertal girls, and late-pubertal boys, respectively). Basal insulin requirement was lowest in the youngest group (34%; P<.01). The youngest group had the lowest I/C prediction factor (PF) (mean, 315.7 ± 79.4; P<.01 with all groups), and the ISF-PF was higher than that of the oldest group (mean, 2,588.3 ± 1,101.8; P<.01). CONCLUSION: CSII dose calculations vary with age and pubertal status in children with T1DM. These differences must be considered when calculating CSII dosing, especially for younger children. FAU - Cemeroglu, Ayse Pinar
Serum concentrations of fatty acid-binding protein 4 in Chinese children with type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to test the serum concentrations of fatty acid-binding protein 4(FABP4) in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) and to determine the relationship between patients with good and poor glycaemic control who were classified according to their glycated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) levels. METHODS: Children with T1DM were selected consecutively from our department from May 2016 to May 2017. For comparison, the same non-diabetic, age, sex, BMI and pubertal stage-matched healthy children were selected consecutively among non-diabetic children. Serum levels of FABP4 were batch analyzed using a commercially available ELISA assay. Patients were categorized into two groups according to their glycaemic control (Poor glycaemic control is HbA1c>7.0% and good is ≤7.0%). RESULTS: In this study, 118 children with T1DM and 118 control cases were included. The mean serum FABP4 concentrations were significantly (P<.001) higher in T1DM as compared to controls. There was a modest correlation between serum concentrations of FABP4 and duration of diabetes (r=0.484, P<.001). Fifty-two patients were defined as poor glycaemic control (HbA1c>7.0%). The mean serum FABP4 concentrations were significantly (P=.002) higher in the poor glycaemic control as compared to the good glycaemic control. After adjusting for all other predictors, FABP4 remained an independent poor glycaemic control indictor with an adjusted OR of 1.07 (95% CI, 1.01-1.13; P=.03). CONCLUSIONS: The present results indicated that FABP4 concentrations were increased and independently associated with the poor glycaemic control in Chinese children with T1DM.
Incidence of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (0--29 years at onset) in Denmark.$$$ Incidence data from Denmark on the insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in the age group 0--29 years have been collected in two different geographical areas (West and South Jutland plus Copenhagen and North Zealand). An incidence of 13.3 per 100,000 per year (range 12.5--13.6) was registered (N = 792). No difference was found between the two areas. The male incidence exceeded the female incidence by 25.4 per cent. The age distribution showed rising values until a peak in the early puberty with a decline until a rather constant level after puberty. From year to year a seasonal variation of onset was demonstrable with maximum in the winter and minimum in the summer for males only. Ascertainment was found to be between 87.7 and 98.6 per cent and the annual number of new insulin-dependent diabetics in Denmark in the age group 0--29 years can be calculated to 310-350. FAU - Christau, B
Longitudinal analysis of the insulin-like growth factor system in African-American and European American children and adolescents.$$$ CONTEXT: IGF-I and its binding proteins influence growth, development, and disease risk. Studies have revealed ethnic variations in the IGF system. OBJECTIVE: This longitudinal study was undertaken to test the hypothesis that the ethnic differences in the IGF system exist throughout the pubertal transition, and these differences are mediated at least in part by inherent differences in insulin dynamics. DESIGN: This was a longitudinal study. Annual evaluations were conducted for pubertal maturation, body composition, acute insulin response to glucose (AIRg), and reproductive-endocrine profile. Hormones and binding proteins were determined using standard assays, the AIRg during a frequently sampled iv glucose tolerance test, and body composition by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry. Mixed model analyses were used to identify and characterize ethnic differences in the IGF system across the pubertal transition after adjusting for ethnicity, sex, age, maturation status, body composition, and reproductive hormones, and to identify the contribution of insulin to IGF binding protein (IGFBP)-1. PARTICIPANTS: Subjects included African-American (AA) and European American children (n = 162 at baseline) aged 7-16 yr, evaluated across the pubertal transition. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Annual data on IGF-I, IGFBP-1, and IGFBP-3 were examined. RESULTS: IGF-I was higher in AA children at pubertal stage 1 only (P < 0.001). However, IGFBP-3 and IGFBP-1 concentrations were lower in AAs through much of puberty (P < 0.05). The lower IGFBP-1 of AAs was in part explained by greater AIRg. CONCLUSIONS: Our data suggest that the higher IGF-I and lower IGFBP-1 and IGFBP-3 levels in AAs as compared with European Americans during puberty suggest potential ethnic differences in circulating bioavailable IGF-I. In addition, higher AIRg in AAs may lead to greater bioavailable IGF-I. Whether these differences in the IGF system account for disparities in disease risk warrants further investigation. FAU - Casazza, Krista
Natural history of diabetic retinopathy in insulin-dependent juvenile diabetics. A longitudinal study.$$$ In 1975 a prospective longitudinal study of 63 non-pubescent children with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) was started in order to study the development of retinopathy. This paper presents the results of a 5- and an 8-year follow-up examination concerning the individual development of retinopathy in the patients. At the last follow-up the mean age of the patients was 21.9 years (18-23 years) and the mean diabetes duration 13.2 years (8.1-21.2 years). In 1975 only 5% had developed retinopathy. In 1980 this incidence had risen to 63% and in 1983 to 93% (14% proliferative retinopathy and 79% background retinopathy). In most patients the retinopathy developed slowly, in some patients, however, it deteriorated severely within a few years. A slight regression in the number of microaneurysms and in the number of haemorrhages was observed in a few patients. Microaneurysms seemed in all but one case to be the first pathological element in diabetic retinopathy and developed as a rule several years before other diabetic fundus manifestations occurred. Development of retinopathy was correlated to the duration of diabetes. No correlation could be demonstrated between the progression of retinopathy and the status of regulation. Retinopathy occurred only in 5 patients (8%) before puberty. FAU - Lund-Andersen, C
Delayed pubertal onset and development in German children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes: cross-sectional analysis of recent data from the DPV diabetes documentation and quality management system.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of type 1 diabetes on pubertal onset and development, and to identify factors potentially affecting puberty, including glycemic control, relative diabetes duration, body mass index standard delta score (BMI SDS), insulin dose, and intensity of insulin therapy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Initiated in 1990, the Diabetes-Patienten-Verlaufsdaten (DPV) is an ongoing, prospective longitudinal follow-up program to benchmark the quality of diabetes care provided to, predominantly, pediatric patients. Data collection for this non-interventional audit was carried out at 202 German diabetes treatment centers. Patient recruitment was done by referral, clinic/hospital ascertainment, or self-report. Data were analyzed for subcohorts of 1218-2409 boys and 579-2640 girls from a cohort of 24 385 pediatric type 1 diabetic patients. Selection was based on ethnicity and availability of data on Tanner stage 2, or higher, of genital and pubic hair development (boys) or breast and pubic hair development, and menarche (girls). RESULTS: Boys showed significant (P<0.05) delay (years) in mean ages at onset of genital development (12.0 (+/-0.9) years) and pubarche (12.2 (+/-0.4) years). In girls, mean ages at thelarche (11.4 (+/-0.5) years), pubarche (11.5 (+/-0.1) years), and menarche (13.2 (+/-0.5) years) were significantly delayed compared with the general population. Sexual maturity (Tanner stage 5) was not delayed in either sex. Elevated glycohemoglobin and decreased BMI SDS were associated with significantly delayed pubertal onset, whereas relative diabetes duration and insulin dose were not. CONCLUSIONS: Pubertal onset, but not sexual maturity, is delayed in children with type 1 diabetes. Delay increases with higher glycohemoglobin and lower BMI SDS. FAU - Rohrer, Tilman
Symptoms of stress and depression effect percentage of body fat and insulin resistance in healthy youth: LOOK longitudinal study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study examined the longitudinal and cross-sectional effects of both psychosocial stress and depressive symptoms on insulin resistance and percentage body fat in a cohort of healthy Australian children, following them from childhood into adolescence. METHOD: Participants were 791 healthy, initially Grade 2 children (7-8 years; 394 girls), selected from the general community. Psychosocial stress was assessed using the Children's Stress Questionnaire, while depressive symptoms were assessed using the Children's Depression Inventory. Fasting blood samples for serum insulin and plasma glucose were collected to calculate the homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Other measurements were height, weight, percentage body fat (dual energy x-ray absorptiometry), physical activity (pedometers), and pubertal maturation (Tanner score). RESULTS: Boys who reported more symptoms of depression had higher insulin resistance, irrespective of adiposity (p = .016); and longitudinally, we found a trend for boys who developed more depressive symptoms to develop higher insulin resistance (p = .073). These findings did not extend to girls. Furthermore, boys and girls with higher depressive symptoms had a higher percentage of body fat (p = .011 and .020, respectively); and longitudinally, boys whose depressive symptoms increased became fatter (p = .046). CONCLUSION: Our data provide evidence that early symptoms of depression increase insulin resistance, independent of adiposity. Our evidence that early symptoms of depression may lead to overweight, and obesity provides further reason to suggest that early attention to children with depression, even in preclinical stages, may reduce risk of chronic disease in later life. (PsycINFO Database Record
Retrospective estimation of diabetes incidence from information in a prevalent population and historical mortality.$$$ If the distribution of onset age of disease in a well-defined prevalent (cross-sectional) population of patients is known, disease incidence rates specific for age and calendar time period may be estimated, assuming known mortality rates and a closed population. This paper develops a method of estimation, illustrates this method on Danish diabetes data, and discusses its general applicability. The prevalent population of diabetic subjects in Fyn County on July 1, 1973 was ascertained from prescriptions, and information on disease onset was obtained from the patients' medical records. In this study only patients with onset of disease before or at age 30 years were studied. The mortality of diabetic subjects in Denmark was estimated from retrospective hospital data covering the period since 1933, and historical age-specific population sizes of Fyn County were obtained from census data. The incidence of diabetes increases with calendar time and with age for most cohorts. The variation with age for a fixed calendar year is more complicated, however, usually displaying a local maximum at about the age of puberty and a higher incidence at the upper end of the studied age range. FAU - Keiding, N
Residual beta cell function at diagnosis of type 1 diabetes in children and adolescents varies with gender and season.$$$ BACKGROUND: There are seasonal variations and gender differences in incidence of type 1 diabetes (T1D), metabolic control and responses to immune interventions at onset of the disease. We hypothesized that there are seasonal and gender differences in residual insulin secretion already at diagnosis of T1D. METHODS: In 2005, a national study, the Better Diabetes Diagnosis, was started to classify all newly diagnosed children and adolescents with diabetes. About 95% (3824/4017) of the patients were classified as T1D, and our analyses are based on the patients with T1D. RESULTS: C-peptide was lower in younger children, 0-10 years of age (0.23 ± 0.20 nmol/L) than in older children, 11-18 years of age (0.34 ± 0.28 nmol/L) (p < 0.000 ). There was a seasonal variation in non-fasting serum C-peptide, significantly correlated to the seasonal variation of diagnosis (p < 0.01). Most children were diagnosed in January, February and March as well as in October when C-peptide was highest, whereas fewer patients were diagnosed in April and May when serum C-peptide was significantly lower (p < 0.01). The seasonal variation of C-peptide was more pronounced in boys than in girls (p < 0.000 and p < 0.01, respectively). Girls had higher C-peptide than boys (p < 0.05), especially in early puberty. CONCLUSIONS: Both seasonal and gender differences in residual beta cell function exist already at diagnosis of T1D. These observations have consequences for treatment and for randomizing patients in immune intervention clinical trials.
Complex relationships between perfluorooctanoate, body mass index, insulin resistance and serum lipids in young girls.$$$ BACKGROUND: Perfluorooctanoate (PFOA) has been used extensively in the manufacture of both commercial and household products. PFOA serum concentrations have been associated with adverse health effects, including lower body mass in children and infants. OBJECTIVE: To determine if there is an association between serum PFOA concentration and body mass, serum insulin and lipid profile in exposed young girls. METHODS: We conducted a cross-sectional study of PFAS environmental biomarkers and insulin resistance in 6 to 8 year-old girls from Greater Cincinnati (n=353). In 2004-2006, blood samples were obtained to measure polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS), fasting insulin, glucose and lipids. Clinical exams included anthropometric measurements and pubertal maturation staging. Linear regression and mediation analyses, specifically structural equation modeling (SEM), were used to determine the strength and direction of the relationships between PFAS, pubertal maturation status, body mass index (BMI), cholesterol and insulin resistance. RESULTS: The median PFOA (7.7ng/ml) was twice the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (2005-2006). Only PFOA, a PFAS sub-species, showed statistically significant relationships with the outcomes. In regression models, PFOA was associated with decreased BMI and waist-to-height ratio (p=0.0008; p=0.0343), HDL-cholesterol (p=0.0046) and had a borderline inverse association with the HOMA Index of insulin resistance (p=0.0864). In SEM, PFOA retained an inverse relationship with BMI (p<0.0001) but the relationships with HOMA and HDL-cholesterol were no longer statistically significant. Pubertal initiation (Tanner breast or pubic stage 2 or greater) and BMI were associated with increased HOMA Index (p<0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest PFOA exposure in young girls affects both BMI and ultimately insulin resistance. In mediation analysis with puberty in the model, the direct effects of PFOA on insulin resistance and were reduced.
Tracking of metabolic control from childhood to young adulthood in type 1 diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This prospective longitudinal survey was designed to follow patients with diabetes from disease onset in childhood over an extended period of time including puberty until young adulthood with respect to metabolic control. STUDY DESIGN: An electronic diabetes patient documentation system used in diabetes centers in Austria and Germany was utilized for standardized data collection. Complete documentation of metabolic control for prepuberty (≤ 13 years), puberty (14-19 years), and adulthood (≥ 20 years) was available in 1146 patients. RESULTS: Median age at diabetes manifestation was 7.2 (IQR 4.7-9.4) years; 49% were male. In the prepubertal stage, median glycated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) was 7.5 (IQR 6.8-8.3), during puberty 8.0 (IQR 7.3-8.9), and after puberty 7.8 (IQR 7.1-9.0). A significant intra-individual correlation was found for prepuberty to puberty HbA1c levels (R = 0.55, P < .001), puberty to adulthood (R = 0.59, P < .001), as well as prepuberty to adulthood (R = 0.30, P < .001). When patients were divided into tertiles of prepubertal HbA1c, HbA1c increased in all 3 groups over time, however, significant group differences tracked into adulthood (P < .001 at all stages). A regression model identified pre-pubertal HbA1c as a significant and relevant predictor of metabolic control in young adulthood adjusted for confounders (P < .001). CONCLUSIONS: This survey provides evidence for long-term tracking of metabolic control from childhood until adulthood, suggesting an early focus on metabolic control.
Deterioration of insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function in overweight Hispanic children during pubertal transition: a longitudinal assessment.$$$ PURPOSE: To examine 1-year changes in insulin dynamics in overweight Hispanic children at high-risk of type 2 diabetes as a function of body composition and pubertal transition. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: Longitudinal changes in insulin dynamics, body composition and maturation were determined in 132 Hispanic children (70 boys/62 girls; aged 10.9 +/- 1.8 years). METHODS: Body composition was determined by dual energy x-ray absorptiometry and Tanner stage by physical examination. Insulin sensitivity (SI), the acute insulin response to glucose (AIR) and the disposition index (DI; an index of beta-cell function) were determined using an insulin modified intravenous glucose tolerance test. These measures were conducted at baseline and 1-year later. RESULTS: Fat mass increased by 13% (3.0 kg) and SI declined by 24%. In repeated measures analysis of variance, the fall in insulin sensitivity over 1 year remained highly significant even after adjusting for baseline fat mass, age, gender and change in fat mass. The fall in SI was not significantly influenced by Tanner stage. However, subjects in earlier maturation showed a compensatory increase in AIR (i.e. appropriate beta-cell compensation), whereas subjects in the latter stages of maturation did not (i.e. poor compensation). CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate that failure to increase AIR in response to the fall in SI may be one factor in the pathogenesis of the progression of pediatric type 2 diabetes in this at risk population. FAU - Goran, Michael I
The role of diabetes duration, pubertal development and metabolic control in growth in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether pubertal development, duration of type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM1), or metabolic control play some role in the anomalies in growth observed in diabetic children. PATIENTS: We conducted a prospective evaluation of 83 patients (37 female, 46 male) who were followed from the onset of DM1 at the prepubertal stage until they reached final height. All patients were treated with a conventional regimen of insulin. METHODS: Height SDS, weight SDS, BMI SDS, duration of DM1 in years, and values of HbA1c were the study variables. RESULTS: In prepubertal (P1) girls (data for the initial vs the intermediate evaluations): weight SDS was -0.14 +/- 0.19 vs 0.11 +/- 0.20, p = ns; BMI SDS -0.25 +/- 0.15 vs 0.01 +/- 0.13, p = ns. In postpubertal (P3) girls, weight SDS was 0.49 +/- 0.2 vs 1.2 +/- 0.32, p <0.01; BMI SDS 0.09 +/- 0.16 vs 1.03 +/- 0.24, p <0.01, whereas in P1 boys, height SDS was 0.16 +/- 0.30 vs -0.20 +/- 0.27, p <0.05; and in P3 boys: 0.09 +/- 0.21 vs -0.28 +/- 0.26, p <0.05. Thus pubertal development influenced changes observed in girls with DM1, but did not do so in boys. The anomalies described in children with DM1 were observed from the third year of DM1 duration in both girls and boys. We did not observe any correlation between HbA1c values with height SDS, weight SDS or BMI SDS. CONCLUSIONS: The anomalies in growth observed in girls with DM1 are related to pubertal development, but this is not the case in boys. Alterations in children with DM1 were found from the third year of DM1 duration. Furthermore, the present data also indicate that the degree of metabolic control observed in our patients treated with modern but conventional regimen did not play a major role in the anomalies observed. FAU - Luna, R
Is menarche associated with diabetic retinopathy?$$$ The goal of this study was to evaluate the association between menarchal status and diabetic retinopathy. Diabetic retinopathy was present in 51 of 129 females; 7 were premenarchal, and 44 were postmenarchal. The range of severity of retinopathy was greater in the postmenarchal group. In multivariate analyses, duration of diabetes, menarchal status, and diastolic blood pressure were associated with the prevalence of diabetic retinopathy. After partitioning the duration of diabetes into years before and years after menarche, both were significant, but the number of years of diabetes after menarche was more strongly associated. At a 4-yr follow-up examination, more postmenarchal than premenarchal females had progression of their retinopathy (P = 0.06). These data suggest that stage of sexual development, as reflected by menarchal status, is associated with the presence and possibly the risk of progression of diabetic retinopathy. FAU - Klein, B E
Glucose effectiveness, peripheral and hepatic insulin sensitivity, in obese and lean prepubertal children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine whether prepubertal (Tanner I) obese children have diminished peripheral insulin sensitivity (IS) and to determine whether obesity affects the ability of glucose to stimulate its own disposal (glucose effectiveness, GE). DESIGN: Cross-sectional study of two groups. SUBJECTS: Seven obese (BMI > 75% for age, 26.1 +/- 2.1 kg/m2, age, 10.9 +/- 0.6 y, mean +/- SE) and six lean (BMI, 15.7 +/- 0.7 kg/m2, age, 10.3 +/- 0.7) children. METHODS: IS and GE by 3 h frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test with 13% [6-6] D2-glucose in the glucose bolus (250 mg/kg), hepatic glucose production using Steele's non steady state equations and hepatic insulin resistance (HR) multiplying by the mean insulin level. RESULTS: IS was markedly lower (p < 0.01) in the obese group (0.27 +/- 0.08 (pmol l)/min) compared to the lean group (2.23 +/- 1.0 (pmol/l)min) whereas GE was higher (0.021 +/- 0.001 vs 0.015 +/- 0.001/min, p < 0.05). HR was increased in the obese (132 +/- 28 vs 58 +/- 14 mg/kg/min/pmol/l, p < 0.05). Obese children also had increased insulin secretion over the first 19 min (p > 0.01) following glucose although plasma glucose levels were higher (p < 0.01). CONCLUSION: These results show that obese prepubertal children have peripheral and hepatic insulin resistance. The increase in GE and insulin secretion may be compensatory responses to these defects in insulin action. FAU - Hoffman, R P
Circulating branched-chain amino acid concentrations are associated with obesity and future insulin resistance in children and adolescents.$$$ What is already known about this subject Circulating concentrations of branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs) can affect carbohydrate metabolism in skeletal muscle, and therefore may alter insulin sensitivity. BCAAs are elevated in adults with diet-induced obesity, and are associated with their future risk of type 2 diabetes even after accounting for baseline clinical risk factors. What this study adds Increased concentrations of BCAAs are already present in young obese children and their metabolomic profiles are consistent with increased BCAA catabolism. Elevations in BCAAs in children are positively associated with insulin resistance measured 18 months later, independent of their initial body mass index. BACKGROUND: Branched-chain amino acid (BCAA) concentrations are elevated in response to overnutrition, and can affect both insulin sensitivity and secretion. Alterations in their metabolism may therefore play a role in the early pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes in overweight children. OBJECTIVE: To determine whether paediatric obesity is associated with elevations in fasting circulating concentrations of BCAAs (isoleucine, leucine and valine), and whether these elevations predict future insulin resistance. METHODS: Sixty-nine healthy subjects, ages 8-18 years, were enrolled as a cross-sectional cohort. A subset of subjects who were pre- or early-pubertal, ages 8-13 years, were enrolled in a prospective longitudinal cohort for 18 months (n = 17 with complete data). RESULTS: Elevations in the concentrations of BCAAs were significantly associated with body mass index (BMI) Z-score (Spearman's Rho 0.27, P = 0.03) in the cross-sectional cohort. In the subset of subjects that followed longitudinally, baseline BCAA concentrations were positively associated with homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance measured 18 months later after controlling for baseline clinical factors including BMI Z-score, sex and pubertal stage (P = 0.046). CONCLUSIONS: Elevations in the concentrations of circulating BCAAs are significantly associated with obesity in children and adolescents, and may independently predict future insulin resistance.
Insulin Resistance Negatively Influences the Muscle-Dependent IGF-1-Bone Mass Relationship in Premenarcheal Girls.$$$ CONTEXT: IGF-1 promotes bone growth directly and indirectly through its effects on skeletal muscle. Insulin and IGF-1 share a common cellular signaling process; thus, insulin resistance may influence the IGF-1-muscle-bone relationship. OBJECTIVE: We sought to determine the effect of insulin resistance on the muscle-dependent relationship between IGF-1 and bone mass in premenarcheal girls. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This was a cross-sectional study conducted at a university research center involving 147 girls ages 9 to 11 years. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Glucose, insulin, and IGF-1 were measured from fasting blood samples. Homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was calculated from glucose and insulin. Fat-free soft tissue (FFST) mass and bone mineral content (BMC) were measured by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry. Our primary outcome was BMC/height. RESULTS: In our path model, IGF-1 predicted FFST mass (b = 0.018; P = .001), which in turn predicted BMC/height (b = 0.960; P < .001). IGF-1 predicted BMC/height (b = 0.001; P = .002), but not after accounting for the mediator of this relationship, FFST mass. The HOMA-IR by IGF-1 interaction negatively predicted FFST mass (b = -0.044; P = .034). HOMA-IR had a significant and negative effect on the muscle-dependent relationship between IGF-1 and BMC/height (b = -0.151; P = .047). CONCLUSIONS: Lean body mass is an important intermediary factor in the IGF-1-bone relationship. For this reason, bone development may be compromised indirectly via suboptimal IGF-1-dependent muscle development in insulin-resistant children. FAU - Kindler, J M
Pediatric Diabetes Consortium Type 1 Diabetes New Onset (NeOn) Study: factors associated with HbA1c levels one year after diagnosis.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To identify determinants of hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) levels 1 yr after the diagnosis of type 1 diabetes (T1D) in participants in the Pediatric Diabetes Consortium (PDC) T1D New Onset (NeOn) Study. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Diabetes-specific as well as socioeconomic factors during the first year following diagnosis were analyzed in 857 participants (mean age 9.1 yrs, 51% female, 66% non-Hispanic White) not participating in an intervention study who had an HbA1c value at 12 months. RESULT: Mean ± SD HbA1c at 1 yr was 62 ± 16 mmol/mol (7.8% ± 1.5). In univariate and multivariate analyses, clinical center, non-Hispanic White race, private health insurance, living with both parents, higher frequency of self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG), and lower insulin requirements were associated with lower HbA1c concentrations at 1 yr (p < 0.01). No association was found with gender, age, Tanner stage, body mass index (BMI), diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) at onset, number of positive autoantibodies or HbA1c at onset, or number of visits to diabetes physician during the first year. CONCLUSIONS: White race, higher socioeconomic status, two-parent household, more frequent SMBG, and low insulin requirements are associated with lower HbA1c concentration 1 yr after the onset of T1D in children.
The InterLACE study: Design, data harmonization and characteristics across 20 studies on women's health.$$$ OBJECTIVES: The International Collaboration for a Life Course Approach to Reproductive Health and Chronic Disease Events (InterLACE) project is a global research collaboration that aims to advance understanding of women's reproductive health in relation to chronic disease risk by pooling individual participant data from several cohort and cross-sectional studies. The aim of this paper is to describe the characteristics of contributing studies and to present the distribution of demographic and reproductive factors and chronic disease outcomes in InterLACE. STUDY DESIGN: InterLACE is an individual-level pooled study of 20 observational studies (12 of which are longitudinal) from ten countries. Variables were harmonized across studies to create a new and systematic synthesis of life-course data. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Harmonized data were derived in three domains: 1) socio-demographic and lifestyle factors, 2) female reproductive characteristics, and 3) chronic disease outcomes (cardiovascular disease (CVD) and diabetes). RESULTS: InterLACE pooled data from 229,054 mid-aged women. Overall, 76% of the women were Caucasian and 22% Japanese; other ethnicities (of 300 or more participants) included Hispanic/Latin American (0.2%), Chinese (0.2%), Middle Eastern (0.3%), African/black (0.5%), and Other (1.0%). The median age at baseline was 47 years (Inter-quartile range (IQR): 41-53), and that at the last follow-up was 56 years (IQR: 48-64). Regarding reproductive characteristics, half of the women (49.8%) had their first menstruation (menarche) at 12-13 years of age. The distribution of menopausal status and the prevalence of chronic disease varied considerably among studies. At baseline, most women (57%) were pre- or peri-menopausal, 20% reported a natural menopause (range 0.8-55.6%) and the remainder had surgery or were taking hormones. By the end of follow-up, the prevalence rates of CVD and diabetes were 7.2% (range 0.9-24.6%) and 5.1% (range 1.3-13.2%), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: The scale and heterogeneity of InterLACE data provide an opportunity to strengthen evidence concerning the relationships between reproductive health through life and subsequent risks of chronic disease, including cross-cultural comparisons.
Insulin sensitivity is an important determinant of renal health in adolescents with type 2 diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Diabetic nephropathy (DN) remains the most common cause of end-stage renal disease and is a major cause of mortality in type 2 diabetes. Insulin sensitivity is an important determinant of renal health in adults with type 2 diabetes, but limited data exist in adolescents. We hypothesized that measured insulin sensitivity (glucose infusion rate [GIR]) would be associated with early markers of DN reflected by estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR) in adolescents with type 2 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Type 2 diabetic (n = 46), obese (n = 29), and lean (n = 19) adolescents (15.1 ± 2.2 years) had GIR measured by hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamps. ACR was measured and GFR was estimated by the Bouvet equation (combined creatinine and cystatin C). RESULTS: Adolescents with type 2 diabetes had significantly lower GIR, and higher eGFR and ACR than obese or lean adolescents. Moreover, 34% of type 2 diabetic adolescents had albuminuria (ACR ≥30 mg/g), and 24% had hyperfiltration (≥135 mL/min/1.73 m2). Stratifying ACR and eGFR into tertiles, adolescents with type 2 diabetes in the highest tertiles of ACR and eGFR had respectively lower GIR than those in the mid and low tertiles, after adjusting for age, sex, Tanner stage, BMI, and HbA1c (P = 0.02 and P = 0.04). GIR, but not HbA1c, LDL, or systolic blood pressure, was also associated with eGFR after adjusting for sex and Tanner stage (β ± SE: -2.23 ± 0.87; P = 0.02). CONCLUSIONS: A significant proportion of adolescents with type 2 diabetes showed evidence of early DN, and insulin sensitivity, rather than HbA1c, blood pressure, or lipid control, was the strongest determinant of renal health.
Pulmonary function in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ AIM: To assess lung function in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). PATIENTS AND METHODS: We conducted a case-control study of 100 patients with T1DM [median age 13 (10.6-14.7), 44% men, 23% prepubertal, and all nonsmokers] and 77 controls. None had evidence of lung disease or any other comorbidity. We performed pulmonary function tests, including spirometry [forced vital capacity (FVC), forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV₁), and FEV₁/FVC ratio], plethysmography [total lung capacity (TLC), residual volume (RV), RV/TLC ratio, and airway resistance (Raw)], and diffusing capacity of carbon monoxide in the lung (TLCO), alveolar volume (AV), and TLCO/AV ratio. The duration of diabetes, degree of metabolic control, insulin dose, and presence of diabetic complications were registered. The χ²-test and analysis of variance were used to compare categorical and quantitative variables, respectively. RESULTS: The duration of diabetes was 6.2±3.8 years with a median HbA₁c of 7.08±0.4%. FEV₁/FVC ratio was found to be significantly higher in patients with TIDM than in controls. Patients with diabetes also had a nonsignificant trend towards lower FVC, FEV₁, Raw, and TLCO, and higher RV, TLC, and RV/TLC than controls. There were no differences in pulmonary function based on duration of disease or metabolic control. We found differences in pulmonary evaluation when pubertal stage was analyzed. CONCLUSIONS: The lung is functionally involved in children with T1DM. Pubertal development stage influences the evaluation of lung function. FAU - Martín-Frías, María
Pelvic ultrasound findings in prepubertal girls with precocious adrenarche born appropriate for gestational age.$$$ BACKGROUND: Precocious adrenarche (PA) refers to the clinical onset of excess androgen in girls before the age of 8. It is associated with an increased risk of functional ovarian hyperandrogenism after puberty. PA may be associated with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). We compared pelvic ultrasound (US) findings of girls with PA born appropriate for gestational age (AGA) to healthy body mass index (BMI)-matched peers to determine whether US findings in AGA-born PA girls are associated with PCOS antecedents. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: We conducted a cross-sectional study on 56 AGA-born girls with PA (6·9 ± 0·6 years) and 33 BMI-matched prepubertal AGA-born peers (7·1 ± 1·0 years). Hormonal data, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), insulin sensitivity index (ISIcomp ) and pelvic US findings were compared. Associations of pelvic US findings with clinical and metabolic data were investigated. RESULTS: Precocious adrenarche girls had greater height and bone age-adjusted uterine length (UL; P = 0·01) and UL standard deviation score (SDS) (P = 0·02) than BMI-matched peers. Mean ovarian volume (MOV), MOV SDS, uterine volume, uterine cross-sectional area and ovarian morphology were similar between the groups (P > 0·05). MOV and MOV SDS correlated with ISIcomp (r = -0·683, P < 0·001; r = -0·760, P < 0·001; respectively). Correlations of pelvic US findings with other biochemical data did not reach significance (P > 0·05). Multivariate regression analysis revealed that in girls with PA, ISIcomp had the most significant effect on MOV SDS (R(2) = 0·731, β = -4·784, P = 0·001). CONCLUSIONS: Appropriate for gestational age-born PA girls have greater UL measurements than AGA-born BMI-matched peers. In AGA-born girls with PA, decreasing insulin sensitivity is strongly and independently associated with an increase in MOV. Longitudinal follow-up of our cohort after menarche will allow us to establish how many AGA-born girls with PA will ultimately develop PCOS.
Self-reported nocturnal sleep duration and glycosylated hemoglobin A in the Study of Cardiovascular Risks in Adolescents (ERICA).$$$ OBJECTIVE: At present, epidemiologic studies regarding the relationship between sleep duration and glucose metabolism in adolescents are scarce. The objective was to investigate the association between self-reported nocturnal sleep duration and glycosylated hemoglobin A in 12- to 17-year-old Brazilian adolescents. PATIENTS/METHODS: A school-based multicenter cross-sectional study was carried out in private and public schools from 273 municipalities with more than 100,000 inhabitants. The final sample comprised 24,923 adolescents. A self-administered questionnaire was used. Blood tests included glucose, insulin, glycosylated hemoglobin A and serum lipids. Age, sex, skin color, school type, body mass index (BMI), physical activity, and Brazilian regions were studied as possible effect modifiers and/or confounders using linear regression. RESULTS: A significant positive association was found between more than 12 h of nocturnal sleep and glycosylated hemoglobin A in two Brazilian regions: Southeast and South, even after adjustment for age, sex, skin color, and BMI (coefficients of 0.142 and 0.339, respectively). No association was found with nocturnal sleep duration <7 h. CONCLUSION: Notably, a significant positive relationship was found between more than 12 h of nocturnal sleep duration and glycosylated hemoglobin A in two Brazilian regions. The specific pubertal sleep curtailment can be a compensatory mechanism for dealing with the insulin resistance during adolescence. Those that escape from this regulatory strategy and sleep longer than the adequate duration, break down this balance and tend to damage their glucose metabolism. To our knowledge, this is the first large scale study, of the association between sleep duration and glucose metabolism in adolescents.
Parental involvement in diabetes management tasks: relationships to blood glucose monitoring adherence and metabolic control in young adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.$$$ OBJECTIVES: The goal of this study was to identify parental behaviors that relate to adherence and metabolic control in a population of young adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM), and to understand the interrelationships among the variables of parental involvement, adherence to blood glucose monitoring, and glycemic control. STUDY DESIGN: A cross-sectional design was used to investigate parental involvement in diabetes regimen tasks in 89 youth, aged 10 to 15 years, with IDDM. Levels of parental involvement in blood glucose monitoring (BGM) and insulin administration were evaluated through interviews. Assessment of adherence was made by physicians or nurses, independent of patient or parent reports of adherence. Glycemic control was assessed with glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) (reference range, 4% to 6%). RESULTS: There were significant differences in the mean HbA1c values between the older (13 to 15 years of age) (HbA1c = 8.9% +/- 1.03%) and younger (10 to 12 years) patients (HbA1c = 8.4% +/- 1.06%) (p < 0.02). Parental involvement in BGM was significantly related to adherence to BGM (number of blood sugar concentrations checked daily) in both groups of adolescent patients. The younger patients monitored their blood glucose levels more frequently than did the older patients, 39% of the younger patients checked sugar concentrations four or more times daily compared with only 10% of the older group (p < 0.007). In a multivariate model controlling for age, gender, Tanner staging, and duration of diabetes, the frequency of BGM was a significant predictor of glycemic control (R2 = 0.19, p < 0.02). Increased frequency of BGM was associated with lower HbA1c levels. When the frequency of BGM was zero or once a day, the mean HbA1c level was 9.9% +/- 0.44 (SE); when the frequency of BGM was two or three times a day, the mean HbA1c level was 8.7% +/- 0.17; and when the frequency of BGM was four or more times daily, the mean HbA1c level was 8.3% +/- 0.22. CONCLUSIONS: Parental involvement in BGM supports more frequent BGM in 10- to 15-year-old patients with IDDM. This increased adherence to BGM is associated with better metabolic control (i.e., lower HbA1c levels). These findings suggest that encouraging parental involvement in BGM with 10- to 15-year-old patients with IDDM may help to prevent the well-documented deterioration in glycemic control and adherence to treatment that often occurs in later adolescence. FAU - Anderson, B
Is the relationship between adherence behaviours and glycaemic control bi-directional at adolescence? A longitudinal cohort study.$$$ AIM: To analyse the change in adherence to diabetes treatment and its association with metabolic control from childhood to adolescence. The Tanner pubertal staging model was selected as a marker of developmental maturity. METHODS: In a multicentre, longitudinal cohort study, 142 children with Type 1 diabetes completed a scale that assessed adherence to treatment and a test of diabetes knowledge at the beginning of the study (T0) and four years later (T4). HbA1c and clinical data were collected at T0 and at T4. RESULTS: From T0 to T4, the mean HbA1c increased from 8.2 +/- 1.6 to 9.1 +/- 1.4% (P < 0.001). Among patients at pubertal stages 1-4, adherence did not decline from T0 to T4, whereas the HbA1c level increased and a positive correlation between adherence and the knowledge score was noted (r = 0.32; P < 0.02). Among adolescents at pubertal stage 5, the level of adherence decreased (P < 0.01) from T0 to T4 and the HbA1c level increased despite an increase in the knowledge score (P < 0.001), a negative correlation between HbA1c and adherence was found (r = -0.37; P = 0.001) and adherence at T4 significantly added to the prediction of HbA1c at T4. CONCLUSIONS: In this longitudinal study, an initial worsening of glycaemic control as a result of puberty preceded worsening of adherence behaviours. Low levels of adherence become predictive of HbA1c degradation among pubertal stage 5 adolescents. These results suggest a potential bi-directional relationship between glycaemic control and adherence. FAU - Du Pasquier-Fediaevsky, L
Relationships between reported macronutrient intake and insulin dynamics in a multi-ethnic cohort of early pubertal children.$$$ BACKGROUND: Racial/ethnic differences in the pediatric population in insulin dynamics have been documented. Additionally, girls tend to be more insulin resistant than boys. Although the mechanism driving these differences is unclear, diet may be a contributor. OBJECTIVE(S): The objective of this study was to evaluate the contribution of reported macronutrient intake on insulin dynamics and determine if diet composition may account for racial/ethnic and sex differences in insulin response/action. METHODS: Participants were 250 African- (n=84), European- (n=105), or Hispanic-American (n=61) children 7-12 years, pubertal stage < or =3. An intravenous glucose tolerance test was used to derive the insulin sensitivity index and acute insulin response to glucose (AIRg) diet by two 24 h recalls, and body composition by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry (DXA). RESULTS: Reported energy intake from fat was positively related to fasting insulin (P < 0.05) and AIRg (P=0.05). Reported energy from carbohydrate was inversely associated with fasting insulin (P < 0.05), and reported energy from protein was inversely associated with AIRg (P < 0.05). The interaction terms between ethnicity and diet, and sex and diet were not significant for any outcome variables. CONCLUSION: Dietary intake influences insulin dynamics; however, the racial/ethnic and sex differences in insulin dynamics in this population are not accounted for by macronutrient intake. Pubertal status is likely to play a role in the interaction between diet, race/ethnicity, sex and insulin dynamics. Longitudinal studies are needed to determine if the contribution of diet to insulin dynamics strengthens with reproductive maturation. FAU - Casazza, Krista
The effect of earlier puberty on cardiometabolic risk factors in Afro-Caribbean children.$$$ An earlier onset of puberty is associated with increased cardiometabolic risk. We investigated whether this relation was independent of faster childhood growth or current size in an Afro-Caribbean birth cohort (n=259). Anthropometry was measured at birth and then 6-monthly. Tanner staging started at age 8 years. Cardiometabolic risk factors were measured at mean age 11.5 years. In boys, pubarchal stage and testicular size were associated with lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, higher systolic blood pressure, and higher homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance score, but not after adjusting for current body mass index (BMI) or rate of growth (up to age 8 years). In girls, earlier menarche and greater breast development were associated with higher fasting glucose even after adjusting for current BMI or prior growth. Pubarchal stage was associated with systolic blood pressure, even after adjusting for current BMI and prior growth. We concluded that earlier puberty is independently associated with cardiometabolic risk in girls but not in boys. FAU - Boyne, Michael S
Fetuin-A and its relation to metabolic syndrome and fatty liver disease in obese children before and after weight loss.$$$ CONTEXT: There are very limited data available concerning the relationships between fetuin-A, weight status, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and features of the metabolic syndrome (MetS) in obese humans, and especially in children. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to study the longitudinal relationships between fetuin-A, NAFLD, and MetS in obese children. DESIGN: This was a 1-yr longitudinal follow-up study. SETTING: This study was performed in primary care. PATIENTS: A total of 36 obese and 14 lean children was included in the study. INTERVENTION: An outpatient 1-yr intervention program based on exercise, behavior, and nutrition therapy was performed. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Changes of weight status (sd score-body mass index), waist circumference, fetuin-A, blood pressure, lipids, transaminases, insulin resistance index homeostasis model assessment (HOMA), and prevalence of NAFLD (defined by liver ultrasound) were calculated. RESULTS: The 12 obese children with NAFLD had significantly higher fetuin-A levels (0.35+/-0.07 g/liter) than the 24 obese children without NAFLD (0.29+/-0.06 g/liter) and the 14 normal weight children (0.29+/-0.05 g/liter). Fetuin-A levels were independent of age, pubertal stage, and gender. Fetuin-A correlated significantly to systolic (r=0.50) and diastolic blood pressure (r=0.41), insulin resistance index HOMA (r=0.28), and high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (r=-0.31). Changes of fetuin-A correlated significantly to changes of insulin resistance index HOMA (r=0.34), systolic (r=0.31) and diastolic blood pressure (r=0.37), and waist circumferences (r=0.36). Substantial weight loss in 21 children led to a significant decrease of fetuin-A and the prevalence of NAFLD in contrast to the 15 children without substantial weight loss. CONCLUSIONS: Fetuin-A levels were higher in children with NAFLD, and were related to insulin resistance and to features of the MetS in both cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses. Therefore, fetuin-A might be a new promising link between obesity and its comorbidities. FAU - Reinehr, Thomas
Longitudinal relation between limited joint mobility, height, insulin-like growth factor 1 levels, and risk of developing microalbuminuria: the Oxford Regional Prospective Study.$$$ AIMS: To determine risk factors for development of microalbuminuria (MA) in relation to detection of limited joint mobility (LJM+) of the interphalangeal joints in a longitudinal cohort of type 1 diabetic (T1DM) subjects. METHODS: A total of 479 T1DM subjects diagnosed <16 years were followed from diagnosis of diabetes with annual assessments consisting of assessment of LJM, measurement of HbA1c and insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1), and three urine samples for albumin:creatinine ratio (ACR). RESULTS: After a median follow up of 10.9 years, 162 subjects (35.1%) developed LJM at median age 13.0 years and duration 5.2 years. More subjects developed LJM after compared to before puberty (67.6 v 32.4%). In LJM+ compared to LJM- subjects, HbA1c (mean 10.1 (SD 1.6) v 9.6 (1.4) %)) and ACR levels (median 1.1 (range 0.2-242.9) v 0.9 (0.4-70.7) mg/mmol) were higher, and in a Cox model probability of developing LJM was related to puberty and higher HbA1c levels. ACR levels were higher after detection of LJM compared to before (median 1.2 (range 0.4-102.6) v 0.8 (0.2-181.9) mg/mmol). Probability of developing MA was related to puberty, HbA1c, female sex, and presence of LJM (a 1.9-fold increased risk). Both LJM and MA were associated with lower height SDS (LJM: mean 0.0 (SD 1.0) v 0.2 (1.1); MA: 0.0 (1.0) v 0.2 (SD 1.0)) and lower IGF-1 levels. CONCLUSION: The development of LJM was associated with an increased risk of microalbuminuria, independent of glycaemic control. Risk for both microalbuminuria and LJM was associated with puberty, reduced growth, and reduced IGF-1 levels, and may indicate underlying shared pathogenic mechanisms. FAU - Amin, R
Sex differences in retinal microvasculature through puberty in type 1 diabetes: are girls at greater risk of diabetic microvascular complications?$$$ PURPOSE: Adolescent females with type 1 diabetes (T1D) are reported to have greater risk of early microvascular complications than males. We hypothesize sex differences in retinal vascular geometry (RVG) through puberty are associated with earlier-onset microvascular complications. METHODS: Prepubertal patients (n = 64, 35 male) with T1D, complication-free at baseline, were followed through to sexual maturity with detailed Tanner-staging and repeated diabetes complications assessments. Retinal vascular geometry from digitized retinal photographs at each visit was assessed using a semiautomated computer program. Determinants of RVG measurements (pre-, during, and post puberty) were explored using generalized estimating equations (GEE). Factors associated with time to onset of retinopathy and albumin excretion rate (AER) were examined using multivariable Cox regression. RESULTS: Median follow-up was 7.2 years. Retinopathy developed in 69% and elevated albumin excretion in 56%. In multivariable GEE, female sex was associated with wider venular caliber (prepuberty: lowest-quartile, odds ratio 0.40 [95% confidence interval: 0.17, 0.96]); P = 0.04) and lower arteriolar length-to-diameter-ratio (LDRa) (during puberty: lowest-quartile 2.87 [1.01, 8.13]; P = 0.047 and post puberty: 2.93 [0.96, 8.64]; P = 0.06). In Cox-regression, females developed retinopathy earlier than males (8.1 vs. 9.6 years; P = 0.002). Female sex (hazard ratio [HR] 3.8 [1.6-8.6]; P = 0.002) and growth velocity (1.3 [1.1-1.5]; P = 0.001) were associated with earlier retinopathy. CONCLUSIONS: This is the first longitudinal study to repeatedly examine RVG through puberty in youth with T1D. Sex dimorphism was observed. Female sex was associated with lower LDRa, wider venules, and earlier onset of retinopathy. These RVG patterns have been associated with incident microvascular complications but did not reach statistical significance in this study. Larger studies are needed to investigate the RVG, microvascular complications, and sex associations early in the course of T1D.
Endocrine function, morbidity, and mortality after surgery for craniopharyngioma.$$$ The records of 59 children with craniopharyngioma first treated between 1960 and 1980 were reviewed. There was a high incidence of postoperative growth hormone deficiency (43 of 43), andrenocorticortopin deficiency (26 of 36), thyrotrophin deficiency (13 of 20), gonadotrophin deficiency (15 of 16), and diabetes insipidus (44 of 58). Fifteen patients have died: diabetes insipidus was a contributory factor in 5 patients who died within the first 4 months of surgery; and 8 further children died unexpectedly after the postoperative period, probably as a result of anterior pituitary insufficiency. In addition, hypopituitarism led to medical emergencies in 12, 9 of whom had symptomatic hypoglycaemia. These findings illustrate the high incidence of pituitary deficits which follow current methods for treating childhood craniopharyngioma, and the long-term risks associated with these deficits. FAU - Lyen, K R
Impact of the growth hormone receptor exon 3 deletion gene polymorphism on glucose metabolism, lipids, and insulin-like growth factor-I levels during puberty.$$$ CONTEXT: The GH/IGF-I axis has major impact on insulin sensitivity and insulin secretion. Recently a polymorphism in the GH receptor gene (GHR), a genomic deletion of exon 3 (GHRd3), has been linked to increased responsiveness to GH. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the present study was to evaluate the impact of the GHRd3 gene polymorphism on insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion, lipids, and IGF-I levels in healthy children and adolescents. DESIGN: This was cross-sectional and was part of the COPENHAGEN puberty study. SETTING: The study was conducted at a tertiary center for pediatric endocrinology. PARTICIPANTS: Participants included 142 healthy Caucasian subjects (65 boys) aged 8.5-16.1 yr. INTERVENTIONS: Standard 2-h oral glucose tolerance tests were preformed. GHR genotypes were determined by multiplex PCR. Main outcome measures were insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion, serum lipids, and IGF-I levels. RESULTS: Insulin secretion was higher in children and adolescents with a least one GHRd3 allele, even after adjustment for age, sex, pubertal stage, and insulin sensitivity (P = 0.018). Disposition index was higher in GHRd3-positive subjects (P = 0.026). In addition, the GHRd3 allele was associated with higher triglyceride (P = 0.028), but not IGF-I levels. CONCLUSION: The presence of at least one GHRd3 allele was associated with higher insulin secretion for a given degree of insulin sensitivity in healthy children and adolescents during puberty. In addition, the presence of the GHRd3 allele was associated with a higher disposition index. Thus, this common polymorphism in the GHR gene might play a role for pancreatic beta-cell compensatory capacity. FAU - Sørensen, Kaspar
Evaluation of insulin resistance in a cohort of HIV-infected youth.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Metabolic abnormalities, including impairment of glucose homeostasis, have been well characterized in HIV-infected patients. In contrast to adults, insulin resistance and diabetes mellitus appear to be relatively uncommon finding in youth. DESIGN: We assessed insulin resistance, and associated risk factors, in a population of vertically HIV-infected children and young adults, when compared with a control population of healthy children. METHODS: At the time of enrolment, weeks of pregnancy, birth weight, sex, age, weight, height, body mass index (BMI), pubertal stages, CDC classification, blood pressure, clinical lipodystrophy, hepatitis B or C co-infection, antiretroviral therapy, CD4 T lymphocyte counts, and HIV-RNA levels were recorded. Fasting plasma glucose and insulin levels and homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) were determined. These parameters were compared between HIV patients and healthy controls with multivariate analyses. RESULTS: Fasting insulin levels (OR=1.21, P<0.001) and glycemia (OR=0.89, P<0.001) were significantly different between HIV-infected patients and controls. Antiretroviral therapy duration (r=0.281, P<0.05), triglyceride levels (r=0.286, P<0.05), age (r=0.299, P<0.05), and BMI SDS (r=0.485, P<0.001) were significant predictor variables of insulin resistance, expressed as HOMA-IR. Moreover, clinical lipodystrophy seems to be strongly correlated to glycemia (P<0.05), triglyceride levels (P<0.05), serum insulin levels (P<0.001), HOMA-IR (P<0.05), and also with therapy duration (P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Both HIV infection and antiretroviral therapy demonstrate differential effects on glucose metabolism in HIV-infected children. Targeted prevention of insulin resistance and diabetes mellitus in HIV-infected children and young adults is needed in order to avoid the associated long-term complications that would otherwise occur, given the improvement in life expectancy of HIV-infected individuals. FAU - Rosso, Raffaella
Longitudinal changes in body fat in African American and Caucasian children: influence of fasting insulin and insulin sensitivity.$$$ Obesity is associated with hyperinsulinemia and reduced insulin sensitivity, both risk factors for type 2 diabetes. However, it is not clear whether these risk factors occur as a result of obesity or whether they contribute to the development of obesity. The aims of this study were to determine whether baseline (first visit) or changes in insulin measures over time were associated with longitudinal changes in body fat mass during growth in children. The study group consisted of 137 children (83 Caucasian and 54 African American) with a mean age of 8.1 yr at baseline. The children returned for 3-6 annual visits for measurement of fasting insulin, insulin sensitivity (Si), and acute insulin response (AIR) from the tolbutamide-modified frequent sampling iv glucose tolerance test and for determination of body composition by dual energy x-ray absorptiometry. Data were analyzed using SAS Proc mixed growth models. Total fat mass increased with time by 15.6%/yr (P = 0.013), but the rate of increase was not significantly influenced by race, sex, or Tanner stage. However, fasting insulin (positive effect), Si (negative effect), and AIR (positive effect) were significantly associated with the rate of increase in fat mass. In conclusion, in this cohort of children, growth-related increases in body fat were significantly associated with increases in fasting insulin and AIR and decreases in Si. FAU - Johnson, M S
Semilente-insulin at bedtime is superior to NPH-insulin for the suppression of the dawn-phenomenon in adolescents with type-I-diabetes.$$$ The dawn-phenomenon causes high fasting glucose values in IDDM patients during puberty. Even a bedtime injection of intermediate-acting insulin does not reliably suppress glucose rises during the morning hours. We therefore examined whether Semilente, an amorphous zinc insulin with kinetics different from NPH insulin, is better suited to alleviate the dawn-phenomenon in adolescent patients with long-standing diabetes. This prospective study included 15 adolescent patients (age 15.5 +/- 0.4 years; mean +/- SE) well beyond the remission phase of diabetes (mean duration: 7.5 +/- 0.8 years). On an inpatient basis, blood glucose profiles following bedtime injections of NPH or semilente insulin were compared, using a sequential cross-over design for intra-patient comparison. Fasting blood glucose was significantly lower following bedtime injections of Semilente (183 +/- 21 mg/dL [10.2 +/- 1.1 mmol/L]) compared to nights where NPH had been injected (235 +/- 22 mg/dL [13.1 +/- 1.2 mmol/L]). In addition, the morning postprandial blood glucose was significantly improved. The frequency of nocturnal hypoglycemia was not different, and the dose of Semilente insulin was slightly lower compared to the dose of NPH-insulin injected. For adolescent IDDM patients with suboptimal metabolic control due to a marked dawn-phenomenon, with high fasting glucose concentrations despite a bedtime injection of NPH insulin, bedtime injection of Semilente insulin may result in reduced fasting hyperglycemia on the next morning. FAU - Holl, R W
Serum insulin-like growth factor II levels in normal adolescents and those with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Unlike IGF-I and its principal binding proteins, data regarding IGF-II levels have not been well defined in normal subjects and those with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM). We have therefore measured IGF-II, as well as IGF-I, and IGFBP-3, levels in a large cohort of subjects with IDDM and in age/sex matched controls. PATIENTS: One hundred and fourteen patients with IDDM (57 males, 57 females) and 89 control subjects (49 males, 40 females). MEASUREMENTS: Random blood samples were obtained from each subject for the measurement of IGF-II, IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels. RESULTS: Mean values of IGF-II (+/- SEM) were 630 (+/- 27.8) micrograms/l and 646 (+/- 32.3) micrograms/l in female and male controls, compared to 569 (+/- 23.3) micrograms/l and 623.3 (+/- 28.1) micrograms/l in female and male diabetics respectively. IGF-II levels did not differ significantly between the sexes or show any change with transition through puberty in either control or diabetic groups. In contrast, IGF-I levels increased through puberty peaking at stages 3-5 in controls (P < 0.001) and G4-5 (P = 0.002) in diabetic males but not females. IGF-I levels in all diabetics were generally lower than in controls, differences reaching significance at G4-5 in males (P = 0.002) and B5 in females (P = 0.002). IGFBP-3 levels did not show any variation with puberty stage in diabetics, in contrast to controls where levels increased, peaking at G4-5 in males (P = 0.001) and B3 in females. IGFBP-3 levels were lower in diabetics of both sexes and at all stages compared to controls (P range 0.047 to < 0.001). Multiple regression analysis revealed significant correlations between IGF-II and IGFBP-3 (F = 20.1, P = < 0.001) and reaffirmed previously observed associations for IGF-I and IGFBP-3. The sum of IGF-I and IGF-II (expressed as nmol/l) correlated with IGFBP-3; r = 0.47 in controls and 0.60 in diabetics. CONCLUSIONS: Insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus is not associated with any significant changes in IGF-II levels during puberty. The binding of IGFBP-3 for both IGF-I and IGF-II is unaltered by insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. FAU - Acerini, C L
Consumption of added sugars from liquid but not solid sources predicts impaired glucose homeostasis and insulin resistance among youth at risk of obesity.$$$ Little is known about longitudinal associations between added sugar consumption (solid and liquid sources) and glucose-insulin homeostasis among youth. Caucasian children (8-10 y) with at least one obese biological parent were recruited in the QUébec Adipose and Lifestyle InvesTigation in Youth (QUALITY) cohort (n = 630) and followed-up 2 y later (n = 564). Added sugars were assessed by 3 24-h dietary recalls at baseline. Two-year changes were examined in multivariate linear regression models, adjusting for baseline level, age, sex, Tanner stage, energy intake, fat mass (dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry), and physical activity (7 d accelerometer). Added sugar intake in either liquid or solid sources was not related to changes in adiposity measures (fat mass, body mass index, or waist circumference). However, a higher consumption (10 g/d) of added sugars from liquid sources was associated with 0.04 mmol/L higher fasting glucose, 2.3 pmol/L higher fasting insulin, 0.1 unit higher homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and 0.4 unit lower Matsuda-insulin sensitivity index (Matsuda-ISI) in all participants (P < 0.01). No associations were observed with consumption of added sugars from solid sources. Overweight/obese children at baseline had greater increases in adiposity indicators, fasting insulin, and HOMA-IR and decreases in Matsuda-ISI during those 2 y than normal-weight children. Consumption of added sugars from liquid or solid sources was not associated with changes in adiposity, but liquid added sugars were a risk factor for the development of impaired glucose homeostasis and insulin resistance over 2 y among youth at risk of obesity. FAU - Wang, Jiawei
Effects of growth hormone therapy on glucose metabolism and insulin sensitivity indices in prepubertal children with Prader-Willi syndrome.$$$ In Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) growth hormone therapy (GHT) improves height, body composition, agility and muscular strength. In such patients it is necessary to consider the potential diabetogenic effect of GHT, since they tend to develop type 2 diabetes, particularly after the pubertal age. The aim of our study was to investigate the effects of GHT on glucose and insulin homeostasis in PWS children. An oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was performed in 24 prepubertal PWS children (15 male, 9 female, age: 5.8 +/- 2.8 years), 16 were obese (group A) and 8 had normal weight (group B), before and after 2.7 +/- 1.3 years GHT (0.22 +/- 0.03 mg/kg/week) and, only at baseline, in 35 prepubertal children with simple obesity (19 male, 16 female) (group C). Fasting glucose and insulin, glucose tolerance, insulin sensitivity index (ISI), homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), quick insulin check index (QUICKI), area under the curves (AUC) of glucose and insulin were estimated. At the start of GHT, all PWS children were normoglycaemic and normotolerant but two developed impaired glucose tolerance after 2.2 and 1.9 years of therapy, respectively. At baseline, group A showed lower fasting insulin levels, HOMA-IR and AUC of insulin, higher ISI, QUICKI and AUC of glucose than group C. Comparing groups A and B, AUC of insulin was higher and ISI lower in group A. During GHT, a significant increase of fasting insulin and glucose, a worsening of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and insulin sensitivity (QUICKI) was found only in group A while ISI did not change. The AUC of glucose decreased in both groups instead AUC of insulin did not change. BMI-SDS decreased in group A and increased in group B. The increased insulin resistance and decreased insulin sensitivity in obese PWS patients, as well as the occurrence of impaired glucose tolerance during GHT, suggest that a close monitoring of glucose and insulin homeostasis is mandatory, especially in treated obese PWS children.
Ovulation rate in adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To study ovulation in adolescents with type 1 diabetes (T1D) and the effect of hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) levels on their ovulatory function. DESIGN: Prospective investigation. SETTING: Academic research institute. PATIENT(S): Adolescents with T1D (n=31) and healthy girls (n=52). INTERVENTION(S): Ovulation assessed through the measurement of salivary progesterone (days 13, 18, 23, and 28 of each cycle). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Proportion of ovulatory cycles. RESULT(S): A total of 168 and 281 menstrual cycles were studied in the T1D and control girls, respectively. Metabolic control was defined as optimal if HbA1c was <7.5%. The proportion of ovulatory cycles was similar in the TID and control groups (34.5% and 36.3%, respectively). Regression analyses showed that the presence of T1D did not have a statistically significant effect on the ovulatory rate. However, more ovulatory cycles were observed in girls with T1D who had optimal metabolic control compared with those who had insufficient control (51.3% vs. 29.4%). CONCLUSION(S): In adolescent girls, T1D did not affect the rate of ovulation. A higher ovulatory rate was observed in those with optimal control compared with those with insufficient metabolic control, but a substantial proportion of ovulatory cycles were still observed in patients with higher HbA1c levels.
Metabolic dysfunction in late-puberty adolescent girls with type 1 diabetes: relationship to physical activity and dietary intakes.$$$ AIMS: At puberty, type 1 diabetes (T1D) among young girls can lead to excess body weight, insulin resistance, deterioration of glycaemic control and dyslipidaemia. Although biological factors contribute largely to such metabolic dysfunction, little is known of the role of behavioural factors such as physical activity and diet. METHODS: This study investigated the association between metabolic dysfunction measured after a 12-h overnight fast and behavioural factors, including diet (4-day diary) and physical activity (validated questionnaire), in 19 postmenarchal adolescent girls with T1D compared with 19 healthy girls. RESULTS: T1D girls displayed higher levels of fat mass, insulin resistance (higher plasma glucose, serum leptin and waist-to-hip ratios) and dyslipidaemia (higher LDL-C and apolipoprotein B levels, lower HDL-C and apolipoprotein A-1 levels). Also, contrary to what is usually observed in T1D adults, serum adiponectin, an important vessel protector, was not raised in T1D adolescent girls compared with healthy controls. Quantity and quality of dietary macronutrient intakes as well as physical activity levels were comparable in both groups, although the T1D girls with the poorest metabolic profiles reported having the healthiest diets (fewer total calories, more protein and less carbohydrates). However, in T1D girls, less physical activity and more time spent watching television were associated with poorer metabolic profiles (higher waist-to-hip ratios, fat mass and leptin levels, and lower adiponectin, HDL-C and apolipoprotein A-1 levels). CONCLUSION: Collectively, these data suggest that physical inactivity is linked to metabolic dysfunction to a greater extent than unhealthy dietary habits in postmenarchal T1D adolescent girls.
Strong effect of pubertal status on metabolic health in obese children: a longitudinal study.$$$ CONTEXT: The concept of metabolic healthy obese (MHO) status has been proposed also for children. However, it is unclear whether this is a stable status in childhood. OBJECTIVE: The aim was to analyze the changes of MHO status over time. DESIGN AND SETTING: This is 1-year longitudinal analysis of our obesity cohort. PARTICIPANTS: All obese children of our outpatient obesity clinic with 1-year follow-up were included. INTERVENTIONS: Standard care intervention was used. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: We examined body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, pubertal stage, blood pressure, fasting lipids, glucose, and insulin resistance index homeostasis model assessment (HOMA). MHO status was defined by absence of cardiovascular risk factors. RESULTS: A total of 2017 obese children (mean age, 11.6 ± 2.8 y; 45% male; BMI, 28.5 ± 5.3 kg/m(2); BMI-z score, 2.4 ±0.5) were enrolled onto the study, and 49.3% of the children were MHO at baseline. After 1 year, the majority of the MHO remained MHO (68.0%). MHO children were significantly younger, more frequently prepubertal, and less overweight compared with metabolic unhealthy obese (MUO) children (all P < .05). In the longitudinal analyses, entering into puberty (OR, 1.9; 95% confidence interval, 1.3-2.8]; P = .004) doubled the risk for switching from MHO to MUO, whereas changing from mid to late puberty nearly tripled the likelihood for switching from MUO to MHO (OR 3.1 [2.1-4.5], P < .001) in multiple logistic regression analyses adjusted for age, sex, and changes of body mass index standard deviation score (BMI-SDS). CONCLUSIONS: MHO is a stable status in childhood obesity as long as pubertal status remains stable. Due to the strong association between puberty and MUO status, the concept of MHO is questionable, at least in pubertal children. FAU - Reinehr, Thomas
The rate of improvement in metabolic control in children with diabetes mellitus type 1 on insulin glargine depends on age.$$$ BACKGROUND: To evaluate the changes in the glycemic profile and metabolic control after introducing glargine in children with DMT1 in a one-year follow up. METHODS: 70 children (36 boys) at the average age of 12.03+/-2.50 with the mean diabetes duration of 3.35+/-2.19 years were observed. Glargine was substituted for NPH in children treated with multiple daily injections. RESULTS: The analysis showed the differences in the dynamics of changes in mean glycemia based on home blood glucose monitoring and HbA1c between prepubertal children (Group 1) and teenagers (Group 2). A significant reduction in mean glycemia from baseline to 12 months was observed at all chosen points in Group 2: fasting glycemia (125+/-27 mg/dl vs 117+/-17 mg/dl,p<0.05), bedtime glycemia (128+/-24 mg/dl vs. 117+/-20 mg/dl,p=0.001) and 3 a.m. glycemia (143+/-47 mg/dl vs. 90+/-25 mg/dl,p<0.001). A significant decrease in mean glycemia in Group 1 was observed from the beginning of treatment only at bedtime (0-12 months:129+/-27 mg/dl vs. 112+/-25 mg/dl,p=0.001) and at 3 am with the delay (6-12 months:122+/-36 mg/dl vs. 90+/-22 mg/dl,p<0.05). A significant improvement in HbA1c between baseline and 12 months was observed in both groups but with different dynamics of changes: 6.91+/-0.77% vs. 6.59+/-0.65% (p<0.05) and 7.44+/-1.26% vs. 7.18+/-1.58% (p=0.001) respectively in the groups. A trend towards decreasing the number of hypoglycemic episodes and no changes in BMI and insulin requirement were noted. CONCLUSIONS: Introduction of glargine provides diabetic children with a better stabilization of the daily glycemic profile even in the cases of baseline good metabolic control. The rate of reaching the target in a long-term observation depends on age. A slower reduction of glycemia observed in smaller subjects suggests a great individuality in the regimen of diabetic children. FAU - Deja, G
Early age at menarche associated with cardiovascular disease and mortality.$$$ CONTEXT: The relationship between age at menarche and cardiovascular disease remains unclear. Two recent studies found an inverse association between age at menarche and all-cause mortality. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to examine the relationship between age at menarche and cardiovascular disease risk factors, events, and mortality. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: A population-based prospective study involving 15,807 women, aged 40-79 yr in 1993-1997 and followed up to March 2007 for cardiovascular disease events (median follow-up 10.6 yr) and February 2008 for mortality (median follow-up 12.0 yr) was used. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Odds ratios for cardiovascular disease risk factors and hazard ratios for incident cardiovascular disease and mortality were calculated. RESULTS: There were 3888 incident cardiovascular disease events (1323 coronary heart disease, 602 stroke, and 1963 other) and 1903 deaths (640 cardiovascular disease, 782 cancer, and 481 other) during follow-up. Compared with other women, those who had early menarche (<12 yr) had higher risks of hypertension [1.13 (1.02-1.24)], incident cardiovascular disease [1.17 (1.07-1.27)], incident coronary heart disease [1.23 (1.06-1.43)], all-cause mortality [1.22 (1.07-1.39)], cardiovascular disease mortality [1.28 (1.02-1.62)], and cancer mortality [1.25 (1.03-1.51)], adjusted for age, physical activity, smoking, alcohol, educational level, occupational social class, oral contraceptive use, hormone replacement therapy, parity, body mass index, and waist circumference. CONCLUSIONS: Early age at menarche (before age 12 yr) was associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease events, cardiovascular disease mortality, and overall mortality in women, and this association appeared to be only partly mediated by increased adiposity. FAU - Lakshman, Rajalakshmi
Childhood BMI trajectories and the risk of developing young adult-onset diabetes.$$$ AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The aim of this study was to examine the effects of childhood BMI growth dynamics on the risk of developing young adult-onset type 1 and type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Finnish national healthcare registers were used to identify individuals with diabetes diagnosed between 1992 and 1996 at 15-39 years of age. Non-diabetic control participants were chosen from the National Population Registry. Anthropometric measurements were obtained from the original child welfare clinic records. Only the case-control pairs with sufficient growth data recorded were included in the analyses (218/1,388 for type 1 diabetes [16%] and 64/1,121 for type 2 diabetes [6%]). Two developmental stages in BMI growth (the points of infancy maximum BMI and the BMI rebound) were examined, and conditional logistic regression was applied to the variables of interest. RESULTS: The risk for type 1 diabetes increased 1.19-fold per 1 kg/m(2) rise in the infancy maximum BMI (p = 0.02). In addition, there was a 1.77-fold increase in the risk for type 2 diabetes per 1 kg/m(2) rise in the level of BMI at the BMI rebound (p = 0.04). Higher values of BMI at these points corresponded to a larger BMI gain from birth to that developmental stage. Age at the infancy maximum BMI or age at the BMI rebound did not affect the risk for either type of diabetes. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: The BMI gain in infancy among individuals who subsequently developed young adult-onset type 1 diabetes was faster than that of those who remained healthy. The excess BMI gain in individuals who developed young adult-onset type 2 diabetes could already be seen during early childhood. FAU - Lammi, N
Levels of the small insulin-like growth factor-binding protein are strongly related to those of insulin in prepubertal and pubertal children but only weakly so after puberty.$$$ We have looked at the relationship between fasting levels of insulin and a small insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-binding protein (IBP-1) in a cross-sectional study of 116 normal subjects aged 5-48 years. The relationship between IBP-1 and insulin was also examined within individual normal children in overnight profiles of IBP-1 and insulin obtained from two children at each stage of puberty (Tanner stages 1-5). In the cross-sectional study high levels of IBP-1 were found in early childhood and these fell throughout puberty as fasting levels of insulin rose. Multiple regression analysis revealed that both these changes were predominantly due to pubertal development rather than to age. After the age of 16 IBP-1 levels remained low despite fasting insulin levels returning to prepubertal levels. A strong negative correlation was obtained between IBP-1 and insulin in children of 5-16 years (r = -0.63; n = 60; P less than 0.001), no such relationship being found after the age of 16. In the second study, IBP-1 underwent a marked circadian variation in all cases and an inverse correlation with insulin, measured at the same time, was obtained at pubertal stages 1 to 4, but not at stage 5 (pooled data stages 1-4, r = -0.69; n = 53; P less than 0.001). We have demonstrated that a potential inhibitor of IGF-activity is inversely related to insulin throughout the period of active GH-related growth and that this relationship weakens after puberty. FAU - Holly, J M
[Three-year follow up of metabolic control in adolescents with type 1 diabetes with and without eating disorders].$$$ Eating disorders associated to type 1 diabetes (T1D) raise the risk of impairments in metabolic control increasing short and long term complications. OBJECTIVE: To compare the glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels variation in a group of T1D adolescents with and without disordered eating behaviour (DEB) during 3-year follow-up and to relate the metabolic control, with pubertal stage, T1D duration, Body Mass Index and gender at the end of the study. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Analytyc an observational comparative study of two cohorts: patients were selected from a previous multicentric study done by the Paediatric Committee of the Argentinean Diabetes Association. One DEB sample group and another group without DEB were conformed. HbA1c levels were estimated al baseline and after 3 years. Pubertal stage, BMI, gender and duration of T1D were assessed at the end of the study. Comparison of statistical tests of HbA1c levels and association tests were made. RESULTS: Eighty seven patients, 22 with DEB and 65 without DEB were studied. Patient's mean ages (13.6 vs.14.3 years) and T1D evolution time (4.0 vs. 4.7 years) were similar in both groups. Three years later, there was an increase in the mean HbA1c levels in both groups, with statistical differences only in the DEB group (8.40 vs. 9.93) (p: 0.001), but not in the group without DEB [8.57 vs. 9.01 (p: 0.06)]. An association between metabolic control and the presence of DEB was observed but not with the other studied variables. CONCLUSION: Presence and persistence DEB in T1D patients implies a worsening prognosis of the metabolic control in the future. FAU - Figueroa Sobrero, Angela
Polycystic ovary syndrome and nonalcoholic fatty liver in obese adolescents: association with metabolic risk profile.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the relationship between liver fat and in vivo insulin sensitivity, body composition, abdominal adiposity, and lipid metabolism in obese adolescent girls with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). DESIGN: Cross-sectional case-control study. SETTING: Research center. PATIENT(S): Thirty Tanner stage V obese girls with PCOS. INTERVENTION(S): None. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Liver fat, abdominal adiposity, in vivo insulin-stimulated glucose disposal, whole-body lipolysis, fat oxidation, lipoprotein particle size and concentration, and liver enzymes (alanine aminotransferase and aspartate aminotransferase). Fatty liver index <1 is indicative of fatty liver. RESULT(S): Fatty liver was present in 6.7% of the individuals (6.7%). Levels of alanine aminotransferase and aspartate aminotransferase were not different between those with fatty liver vs. without. Fatty liver index was associated with age (r = -0.53), body mass index (r = -0.41), total (r = -0.43) and subcutaneous (r = -0.41) abdominal adiposity, insulin-stimulated glucose disposal (r = 0.36), and small, medium small, and very small low-density lipoprotein concentrations (r ≥ -0.43). In a multiple regression analysis, age, total T, race, and insulin-stimulated glucose disposal explained 43% of the variance (R(2) = 0.43) in fatty liver index, with age (R(2) = 0.28) and total T (R(2) = 0.11) being independent contributors. CONCLUSION(S): Liver fat is associated with increasing age, even in the narrow adolescent age range, increasing abdominal adiposity, worsening insulin sensitivity, and dyslipoproteinemia in obese adolescent girls with PCOS. Targeting these abnormalities early in the course of PCOS may halt future nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in adulthood.
[The changes of insulin secretion in type A insulin resistance syndrome: a 7-year follow up].$$$ OBJECTIVE: A previously reported female diagnosed with type A insulin resistance syndrome bearing a heterozygous missense mutation of R1174W in the insulin receptor gene was followed for 7 years since the age of 16 years. METHODS: Five-hour oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT) were done on baseline, the 3(rd), 6(th) and 7(th) year respectively, with serum insulin and C-peptide measured at the same time points. Areas under of curve (AUC) of glucose, insulin and C-peptide were compared between the years. Acute insulin response (AIR) was determined at baseline and the 7(th) year. The dose response were insulin secretion rates at each time point during OGTT being plotted over the corresponding glucose levels, and the slopes of which quantified the insulin secretion responding to glucose. RESULTS: The follow up data showed that the glucose metabolism of the subject did not deteriorate over time with yearly glycosylated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) being normal (4.6% - 5.5%), and hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia was a persistent phenomenon observed at 4 - 5 hours post-load. The fasting and AUCs of serum insulin and C-peptide tended to decline without simultaneously increase of those of plasma glucose. The AIR decreased by 56% as compared to baseline. The dose response curves shifted downward as years went by. CONCLUSIONS: It supports that with the alleviation of physiological insulin resistance after puberty, the gross hyperinsulinemia tends to ameliorate, and β-cell secretion does not deteriorate over time as glucose homeostasis maintains. FAU - Huang, Zhi-min
Albumin excretion rate in normal adolescents: relation to insulin resistance and cardiovascular risk factors and comparisons to type 1 diabetes mellitus patients.$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Although albumin excretion rates have been related to cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in both diabetic and nondiabetic adults, little is known about the relation between albuminuria and either cardiovascular risk factors or the insulin resistance syndrome in adolescents. A normal range for albumin excretion in adolescents was established, correlations between albumin excretion and cardiovascular risk factors were evaluated, and albumin excretion in normal adolescents was compared with that in type 1 diabetes mellitus adolescents. DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS, & MEASUREMENTS: Albumin excretion rate was measured in 368 normal and 175 diabetic adolescents. Multiple regression analysis was used to predict the relation of age, sex, Tanner stage, body mass index, and systolic blood pressure to albumin excretion in both cohorts. In addition, correlations between albumin excretion and age, blood pressure, body mass index, lipids, and measurements of insulin resistance were performed in the normal adolescents. RESULTS: Mean albumin excretion was significantly lower in normal adolescents (4.0 microg/min) than in type 1 diabetic adolescents (5.0 microg/min). Albumin excretion increased with age in diabetics. Albumin excretion did not significantly correlate with any measure of cardiovascular risk or insulin resistance but did significantly correlate with fasting insulin. CONCLUSIONS: Albumin excretion rate is not related to insulin resistance or traditional cardiovascular risk factors in adolescence but is related to fasting insulin. Diabetic adolescents have increased albumin excretion compared with normal adolescents. FAU - Rademacher, Erin
Optimal age of sexual maturation in Egyptian children.$$$ To establish the optimal age of sexual maturation in Egyptian children, Tanner's maturity stages were determined for a sample of children and adolescents (1550 girls, 1563 boys) ranging from 6.5 to 18.5 years. The mean age for attainment of pubic hair (stage PH2) was 10.46 (SD 1.36) years for girls and 11.86 (SD 1.45) years for boys. For axillary hair (stage A2), mean age was 11.65 (SD 1.62) years for girls and 13.55 (SD 1.52) years for boys. The mean age at menarche in girls was 12.44 years and for breast development (stage B2) was 10.71 (SD 1.30) years. Testicular volume by palpation showed that the mean age of genital stage G2 for boys was 10.56 (SD 1.40) years. The study results can aid in the assessment of sexual maturation and pubertal disorders in Egyptian adolescents. FAU - Ghaly, I
Coexistence of impaired indices of autonomic neuropathy and diabetic nephropathy in a cohort of children with type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ One hundred and twenty-nine (87%) out of a county population of 150 eligible children with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM) and 144 age- and sex-matched control children participated in a longitudinal, epidemiological study of the evolution of diabetic microvascular disease. The mean (SD) age of the children with DM was 12.4 (+/- 3.4) years with a mean DM duration of 4.5 (+/- 3.2) years and a mean HbA1c of 11.1 (+/- 2.2)%. Two sets of measurements were made over a period of 18 months. Pupillary adaptation in darkness (PD), as an index of sympathetic dysfunction, was assessed using a portable Polaroid pupillometer. Urinary albumin excretion, as an index of incipient nephropathy, was assessed in children with DM from a fraction of all voidings during two separate 48-h periods and was expressed as urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (A/C). Heart rate variation (HRV), as an index of cardiovascular autonomic dysfunction, was assessed using a heart rate monitor and computer. Blood pressure (BP) was measured using a random zero sphygmomanometer. Reduced PD was found in 14/129 (13.8%) children with DM and in 5.8% of the controls. The diabetic children with reduced PD had longer DM duration, higher HbA1c, raised diastolic BP and higher urinary A/C than those with normal PD. Fifty percent of these children also had increased A/C and impaired HRV, in addition to impaired PD. Another group of 25/129 (19.4%) children with DM presented intermittently raised mean urinary A/C, while five children presented persistently raised A/C in both 48-h urine collections. The characteristics which differentiated the microalbuminuric group from the normoalbuminuric one were older age, longer DM duration, poorer glycemic control, reduced PD, impaired HRV and raised diastolic BP. It seems that diabetic nephropathy (DN) and autonomic neuropathy (DAN) exist in concert in childhood DM. Diabetic children with impaired indices of DN and DAN are older, pubertal and have longer DM duration and higher HbA1c values than the rest of the diabetic population. FAU - Karavanaki, K
A longitudinal study of the effects of a gluten-free diet on glycemic control and weight gain in subjects with type 1 diabetes and celiac disease.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To describe the longitudinal growth characteristics and glycemic control in type 1 diabetic children diagnosed with celiac disease and started on a gluten-free diet (GFD). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Data on growth and glycemic control for 11 case subjects diagnosed with celiac disease (cd(+) group) and started on a GFD were collected prospectively, and two control subjects without celiac disease matched for age, sex, and duration of diabetes (cd(-) group) were selected for comparison. RESULTS: In the period between diagnosis of type 1 diabetes and start of a GFD in the cd(+) compared with the cd(-) group, BMI standard deviation score (SDS) was lower (-0.2 vs. 0.7, P = 0.015), as was HbA(1c) (8.9 vs. 9.8%, P = 0.002). In a regression model the cd(+) group had lower BMI SDS (P < 0.001) and lower HbA(1c) (P = 0.04), independent of other variables. On a GFD, BMI SDS increased by 12 months in the cd(+) group and then was no different than the cd(-) group (1.1 vs. 1.0, P = 0.11), whereas HbA(1c) improved further within case subjects compared with pre-GFD (8.9 vs. 8.3%, P = 0.002). On a GFD, case subjects in contrast to control subjects showed no deterioration in HbA(1c) during the years of puberty (8.3 vs. 10.0%, P = 0.022) CONCLUSIONS: In children with type 1 diabetes, untreated celiac disease resulted in lower BMI SDS and lower HbA(1c). Recovery of BMI SDS with a GFD was associated with further improvement in HbA(1c) as compared with pre-GFD, with no expected deterioration in glycemic control during puberty. These apparent clinical benefits need confirming by larger studies. FAU - Amin, Rakesh
Role of IGF binding protein-1 in the dawn phenomenon and glycemic control in children and adolescents with IDDM.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To clarify the involvement of IGF binding protein (IGFBP)-1 in the dawn rise in plasma glucose and in the overall glycemic control in patients with IDDM. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Seventy patients with IDDM were divided into three groups according to pubertal development. Blood samples were obtained for measuring plasma glucose, IGFBP-1, and free insulin at 2200, 0500, and 0700 over a 2-day period. Levels of HbA1c, IGF-1, and IGFBP-3 were determined at 0700. Urinary growth hormone (GH) was collected overnight. To examine its frequency, the dawn phenomenon was defined on the basis of the following: 1) change in plasma glucose from 0500 to 0700, 2) plasma glucose level at 0700, and 3) no antecedent hypoglycemia. RESULTS: There was a statistically significant link between the dawn changes in plasma glucose and IGFBP-1 (r = 0.37, P < 0.01). The former was not related to the change in free insulin or to the overnight urinary GH level. In stepwise regression analyses, plasma glucose at 0700 = 0.03 IGFBP-1 (P < 0.01) + 0.525 HbA1c (P < 0.01) + 3.696 (R2 = 51%). Approximately half of the patients in each group exhibited the dawn phenomenon; 38% of patients with HbA1c < 8% also showed the dawn phenomenon. CONCLUSIONS: We have demonstrated a statistically significant link between the morning risk in IGFBP-1 and plasma glucose. The free fraction of IGF-1 modulated by acute changes in IGFBP-1 may play a direct role. The dawn phenomenon may occur regardless of pubertal stage or glycemic control in children and adolescents with IDDM. FAU - Kobayashi, K
The association between acanthosis nigricans and dysglycemia in an ethnically diverse group of eighth grade students.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to describe the prevalence of acanthosis nigricans (AN) and to quantify its association with dysglycemia in an ethnically diverse group of eighth-grade students. DESIGN AND METHODS: Data were collected in 2003 from a cross-sectional study of students from 12 middle schools in three US states. Sex, race/ethnicity, and pubertal status were self-reported. Anthropometric measures were recorded. Trained staff identified the presence and severity of AN by inspection of the back of the neck. Fasting and 2 h blood samples were analyzed for impaired fasting glucose (IFG), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), and high-risk glycated hemoglobin (A1C), respectively, defined as ≥100 mg/dl, ≥140 mg/dl, and ≥ 5.7-6.4%. RESULTS: Overall, 25.0%, 58.2%, and 16.8% were Black, Hispanic, and White, respectively. AN was present among 406/1,438 (28.2%) of students: 39% among Black, 30% among Hispanic, and 5.4% among White. IGT and high-risk A1C were present among 2.1%, and 12.4%, respectively. In multivariate logistic modeling after adjusting for gender, family history of diabetes, BMI percentile, and pubertal staging, the presence (vs. absence) of AN was associated with a 59% increased likelihood of high-risk A1C: (P = 0.04), twice the likelihood of IGT (P = 0.06), and 47% greater likelihood of IGT/IFG combined (P < 0.0001). Adjustment for insulin attenuated the ORs by 25-70%. CONCLUSION: In a racially/ethnically diverse sample of US adolescents, AN was common, occurring in 28% of the sample. AN was associated with a 50-100% increased likelihood of dysglycemia even after consideration of established diabetes risk factors.
Learned helplessness in diabetic youths.$$$ Determined the relationships among the learned helplessness attributional style, depression, regimen adherence, and metabolic control in a sample of diabetic youth. Fifty children (20 male and 30 female) between the ages of 10 and 16 completed the Children's Attributional Style Questionnaire and the Children's Depression Inventory. Regimen adherence was assessed with three 24-hr recall interviews conducted separately with patients and their mothers over a 1-week period. Metabolic control was measured by glycosylated hemoglobin A1 (HbA1). Learned helplessness was significantly associated with depression (p less than .001) and HbA1 (p less than .02), but was not associated with regimen adherence. Depression was unrelated to regimen adherence and metabolic control. The adherence measures together accounted for 24% of the variance of HbA1. Significant correlations were obtained between HbA1 and the exercise (p less than .05) and eating/testing frequency (p less than .05) adherence factors, indicating that lower levels of adherence were associated with worse metabolic control. Age, pubertal status, sex, disease duration, and SES were unrelated to regimen adherence and metabolic control. These results support the notion that the learned helplessness attributional style for negative events is related to both depression and long-term metabolic control problems in diabetic youths. FAU - Kuttner, M J
Leptin levels and body composition in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes.$$$ The purpose of this study was to determine the relationship between serum leptin levels and body composition and to evaluate the variables related to disease in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes. We studied 49 diabetic patients aged 6-16 years (age: 11.2+/-2.9 years, M/F: 26/23), and 37 healthy controls. Body composition was determined by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Serum leptin, glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), free thyroxin, thyrotropin, testosterone and estradiol levels were measured in patients and controls. We did not observe significant difference in serum leptin levels between patients and controls. Girls had significantly higher serum leptin levels than boys in both patient and control groups. Serum leptin levels did not correlate significantly with HbA1c, disease duration or daily insulin dose but, correlated positively with body mass index (BMI) and fat mass (FM) in patients as in controls. Body composition in diabetic girls and boys was similar with respective controls. When analyzed by pubertal stage, BMI, lean body mass (LBM), FM, and total bone mineral density (BMD) were significantly higher in pubertal girls with type 1 diabetes compared to prepubertal ones. In pubertal boys with type 1 diabetes, LBM and FM were significantly higher than prepubertal ones. The results of the present study showed that neither serum leptin levels nor body composition was significantly altered in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes managed with intensive insulin therapy. FAU - Karagüzel, Gülay
Association of waist circumference and body mass index with fasting blood insulin in severely obese children: a cross-sectional study.$$$ We tested whether body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference (WC) are associated with fasting insulin in severely obese children. A number of 391 (204 female and 187 male) obese children were consecutively enrolled in the study at a Paediatric outpatient clinic. They were aged 10+/-3 yr (mean+/-SD; range: 3-17 yr) and had a relative weight for age of 160+/-27% (mean+/-SD). BMI and WC explained respectively 9 and 13% of the variance of log-transformed (lt) insulin (p<0.0001 for both). After correction for age, however, BMI lost its association with lt-insulin (p=NS) and WC explained only 3% (p<0.001) of lt-insulin variance. Sex and pubertal status did not influence the relationship between WC, BMI and lt-insulin (p=NS, ANCOVA). We conclude that in severely obese children: 1) WC is a marginally better predictor of fasting blood insulin than BMI, 2) age has a substantial influence on the relationship between BMI, WC and insulin and, 3) the contribution of BMI and WC to insulin is of doubtful clinical relevance because it leaves a substantial portion (> or = 87%) of lt-insulin variance unexplained. FAU - Bedogni, G
Prevalence and risk factors for retinopathy in adolescents with type 1 diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To establish the prevalence of, and risk factors associated with, diabetic retinopathy in an Australian adolescent diabetes clinic population. DESIGN: A prospective longitudinal study; baseline findings. PATIENTS: Two hundred and fifty-five patients with Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus assessed by our service were studied. Entry criteria were: age 11.0-19.9 years; diabetes duration of at least two years; and gradable fundus photographs of at least one eye. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The presence and severity of retinopathy, as assessed by the grading of stereoscopic fundus photographs. Possible risk factors assessed were age, sex, diabetes duration, pubertal stage, blood pressure, glycaemic control and total cholesterol level. RESULTS: The prevalence of retinopathy was 42%; all of those affected had mild background retinopathy. Highly significant associations were found with glycaemic control and both total and prepubertal duration of diabetes. No associations were found with age, sex, pubertal stage, blood pressure or total cholesterol level. CONCLUSIONS: The high prevalence of early diabetic retinopathy in this group of Australian adolescents is comparable to recent reports from other centres. The significant associations with glycaemic control and duration of diabetes provide further strong evidence for the benefit of optimal glycaemic control during adolescence. Our finding that the prepubertal years of diabetes contribute to the development of retinopathy suggests that glycaemic control before puberty should also be optimised. The planned follow-up of this cohort will establish the risk of progression to vision-threatening retinopathy and allow risk factors to be further evaluated. FAU - Fairchild, J M
Double blind trial of nicotinamide in recent-onset IDDM (the IMDIAB III study).$$$ Nicotinamide has been recently introduced, in addition to intensive insulin therapy for patients with recent-onset insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) to protect beta cells from end-stage destruction. However, available data are conflicting. A double blind trial in 56 newly-diagnosed IDDM patients receiving nicotinamide for 12 months at a dose of 25 mg/kg body weight or placebo was designed in order to determine whether this treatment could improve the integrated parameters of metabolic control (insulin dose, glycated haemoglobin and C-peptide secretion) in the year after diagnosis. In addition to nicotinamide or placebo, patients received three to four insulin injections daily to optimize blood glucose levels. Patients treated with nicotinamide or placebo received similar doses of insulin during follow-up and 1 year after diagnosis with comparable glycated haemoglobin levels 6.7 +/- 1.8% nicotinamide vs 7.1 +/- 0.6% placebo). Basal and glucagon stimulated C-peptide secretion detectable at diagnosis were similarly preserved in the course of 12 months follow-up both in nicotinamide and placebo treated patients. No adverse effects were observed in patients receiving nicotinamide. When age at diagnosis was taken into account, nicotinamide treated older patients ( > 15 years of age) showed significantly higher stimulated C-peptide secretion than placebo treated patients (p < 0.02). These results suggest that nicotinamide can preserve and improve stimulated beta-cell function only in patients diagnosed after puberty.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS) FAU - Pozzilli, P
Pubertal growth in IDDM is determined by HbA1c levels, sex, and bone age.$$$ OBJECTIVE: In cross-sectional studies of subjects with IDDM, the relationship between suboptimal pubertal growth, glycemic control, and abnormal insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) levels has proved difficult to define. The objective of this study was to examine these relationships in a longitudinal prospective study. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 46 children (23 boys) were measured every 3 months, and their bone age was assessed annually. Blood samples were obtained for HbA1c, IGF-I, and C-peptide. Growth data were compared with national standards, and IGF-I data were compared with a parallel longitudinal study of normal schoolchildren. Data were analyzed as SD scores (mean +/- SD). RESULTS: The onset of puberty was not delayed, although in the girls, bone age was advanced (bone age, 11.48 +/- 1.01 years vs. chronological age, 10.93 +/- 0.86 years [mean +/- SD]; P = 0.04). The timing of peak height velocity (PHV) was normal in both sexes, but the magnitude was reduced in girls (PHV SDS = -0.56 +/- 0.90, P < 0.02), and reductions in height SDS between diagnosis and final height were observed (P = 0.014). At PHV, IGF-I levels were reduced in both sexes, and there were no sex differences in HbA1c levels and insulin doses. IGF-I SDS correlated with insulin dose (r = 0.47, P = 0.004) but not with PHV SDS, whereas HbA1c correlated negatively with PHV SDS in both sexes (r = -0.35, P = 0.03). In a stepwise multiple regression analysis, the major determinants of PHV SDS were HbA1c (P = 0.04), sex (P = 0.0007), and bone age (P = 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that the magnitude of the pubertal growth spurt is related to HbA1c levels in both sexes, but it is reduced only in girls. This sexual dimorphism cannot be explained by differences in IGF-I levels and may relate to the bone age advance at the onset of puberty in the girls. FAU - Ahmed, M L
Long-term follow-up of infants of mothers with type 1 diabetes: evidence for hereditary and nonhereditary transmission of diabetes and precursors.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To estimate the impact of type 1 diabetes during pregnancy on transgenerational genetically caused and/or fuel-mediated amplification of types 1 and 2 diabetes and to estimate the impact of elevated amniotic fluid insulin levels. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 75 white offspring of type 1 diabetic mothers and 49 control subjects of similar age and pubertal stage were examined at 5-15 years of age. All offspring had an oral glucose tolerance test. Glucose, insulin, and C-peptide were measured at 0, 30, 60, and 120 min after loading. Lipids and autoimmune antibodies were measured in fasting plasma. RESULTS: Of the 75 offspring, 4 (5.3%) had overt diabetes, and 16 of 71 (22.5%) had autoimmune antibodies. Offspring of diabetic mothers had significantly higher BMI; symmetry indexes; cholesterol, glucose, insulin, and C-peptide levels; and insulin resistance than control subjects. With the exception of cholesterol, these values were significantly elevated in offspring who had elevated amniotic fluid insulin levels (>8 microU/ml, >48 pmol/l) during pregnancy compared with normoinsulinemic offspring and control subjects. CONCLUSIONS: Offspring of type 1 diabetic mothers have an increased risk for diabetes later in life. The relative risk for type 1 and type 2 diabetes is 71.6 and 3.2, respectively. Type 2 diabetes-associated risk factors, such as high BMI; elevated glucose, insulin, and C-peptide levels; and insulin resistance, are related to the fetal metabolic experience in utero, as reflected by amniotic fluid insulin concentration. FAU - Weiss, P A
Obesity and the development of insulin resistance and impaired fasting glucose in black and white adolescent girls: a longitudinal study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Age at onset of type 2 diabetes has decreased during the past 20 years, especially in black women. Studies of factors associated with insulin resistance and hyperglycemia in preadolescent and adolescent populations are essential to understanding diabetes development. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: The National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI) Growth and Health Study (NGHS) is a 10-year cohort study of the development of obesity in black and white girls. Two NGHS centers examined the associations of obesity, puberty, and race with fasting insulin, glucose, and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR; a calculated index of insulin resistance) measures at 9-10 years of age (baseline) and 10 years later. RESULTS: Black girls had greater baseline and year-10 BMI than white girls, with a greater 10-year incidence of obesity. BMI-insulin correlations were positive in both black and white girls at both visits, but insulin remained higher in black girls after controlling for BMI. In black girls, insulin and HOMA-IR were higher in the prepubertal period (before the emergence of racial differences in BMI), increased more during puberty, and decreased less with its completion. Baseline BMI predicted year-10 glucose and the development of impaired fasting glucose (IFG) in black girls. In white girls, the rate of BMI increase during follow-up predicted these outcomes. The 10-year incidence of diabetes in black girls was 1.4%. CONCLUSIONS: Black-white differences in insulin resistance are not just a consequence of obesity, but precede the pubertal divergence in BMI. The development of IFG appears to be a function of the rate of increase of BMI in white girls and early obesity in black girls. FAU - Klein, David J
Reproductive history and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in postmenopausal women: findings from the Women's Health Initiative.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study was to understand the association between women's reproductive history and their risk of developing type 2 diabetes. We hypothesized that characteristics signifying lower cumulative endogenous estrogen exposure would be associated with increased risk. METHODS: Prospective cohort analysis of 124,379 postmenopausal women aged 50 to 79 years from the Women's Health Initiative (WHI). We determined age of menarche and final menstrual period, and history of irregular menses from questionnaires at baseline, and calculated reproductive length from age of menarche and final menstrual period. Presence of new onset type 2 diabetes was from self-report. Using multivariable Cox proportional hazards models, we assessed associations between reproductive variables and incidence of type 2 diabetes. RESULTS: In age-adjusted models, women with the shortest (<30 y) reproductive periods had a 37% (95% CI, 30-45) greater risk of developing type 2 diabetes than women with medium-length reproductive periods (36-40 y). Women with the longest (45+ y) reproductive periods had a 23% (95% CI, 12-37) higher risk than women with medium-length periods. These associations were attenuated after full adjustment (HR 1.07 [1.01, 1.14] for shortest and HR 1.09 [0.99, 1.22] for longest, compared with medium duration). Those with a final menstrual period before age 45 and after age 55 had an increased risk of diabetes (HR 1.04; 95% CI, 0.99-1.09 and HR 1.08; 95% CI, 1.01-1.14, respectively) compared to those with age of final menstrual period between 46 and 55 years. Timing of menarche and cycle regularity was not associated with risk after full adjustment. CONCLUSIONS: Reproductive history may be associated with type 2 diabetes risk. Women with shorter and longer reproductive periods may benefit from lifestyle counseling to prevent type 2 diabetes. FAU - LeBlanc, Erin S
Endocrine outcome in long-term survivors of childhood brain tumors.$$$ AIM: To evaluate the rates of endocrine abnormalities in survivors of childhood brain tumors and identify risk factors. METHODS: The medical charts of patients were reviewed for background, disease-related and treatment-related data. Endocrine dysfunction was determined by clinical and laboratory evaluation. RESULTS: The study group included 114 patients with a mean age of 15.57 ± 5.93 years. Mean age at brain tumor diagnosis was 7.07 ± 5.42 years, and mean follow-up was 12.8 ± 6.25 years. Fifty-seven patients (50%) had an endocrine abnormality. The occurrence of several endocrine abnormalities was significantly associated with cranial irradiation and age <16 years at tumor diagnosis. The presence of growth hormone deficiency (n = 40) was associated with cranial or spinal irradiation, younger age and prepubertal stage at tumor diagnosis; the presence of hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (n = 9) was associated with prepubertal stage at diagnosis, and hypothyroidism (n = 23) was associated with cranial irradiation. Hypocortisolism was diagnosed in 9 patients, short stature in 20 patients and obesity in 8 male patients. Patients with early puberty (n = 19) and an abnormal lipid profile (n = 15) were significantly younger at tumor diagnosis than patients without these disorders. CONCLUSIONS: Childhood brain tumor survivors are at increased risk of late endocrine effects, particularly those treated with cranial radiation and diagnosed at a younger age. The frequency of hormonal deficits increases with time, warranting lifelong surveillance.
Risk factors for diabetes and cardiovascular disease in young Australian aborigines. A 5-year follow-up study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To test the hypothesis that hyperinsulinemia and glucose intolerance are present at an early age in australian aborigines and can be used to predict the eventual development of NIDDM. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Baseline anthropometric, pubertal stage, and blood pressure data were collected for 100 Australian aboriginal children and adolescents in 1989. Plasma concentrations of glucose, insulin, C-peptide, triglycerides, and LDL, HDL, and total cholesterol were measured before and during an oral glucose tolerance test. All measurements were repeated in 74 individuals from the original study population in 1994. Results were compared among hyperinsulinemic and normoinsulinemic subjects, and subjects with normal or abnormal glucose tolerance. RESULTS: The percentage of subjects who were overweight increased from 2.7% at baseline to 17.6% 5 years later. At a mean age of 18.5 years, 8.1% of the population had impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), 2.7% had diabetes, and 21.6% had elevated cholesterol concentrations in plasma. Dyslipidemia was particularly prevalent among male subjects in the population: 34.4% had elevated plasma cholesterol and 21.9% had elevated LDL cholesterol values. Of the eight subjects who had diabetes or IGT in 1994, four were classified as hyperinsulinemic in 1989 and four were not. CONCLUSIONS: The major finding of this study is the high prevalence of risk factors for NIDDM and cardiovascular disease in this population of aboriginal children and adolescents. Abnormalities of carbohydrate and lipid metabolism were well established by late in the second decade of life. Although many subjects had high insulin levels and there was evidence of insulin resistance in the population, hyperinsulinemia did not predict the development of abnormal glucose tolerance 5 years later. FAU - Braun, B
Menarcheal age of type 1 diabetic Bengali Indian females.$$$ BACKGROUND: It has been observed that menstrual characteristics are generally influenced by lifestyle, socio-cultural and biological factors. AIM: The present study examines: (a) variation in menstrual characteristics between Type1 Diabetic females of rural and urban adolescents, i.e. the resident status; and (b) whether these characteristics can be predicted from various socio-economic, stress variables related to place of residence. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: The sample of the present study constituted 103T1DM females from West Bengal, a State of India. These girls belong to a Bengali-speaking ethnic group. Data on socio-economic variables and menstrual characteristics were collected using pretested questionnaires. RESULTS: Menstrual irregularity was common in our study participants, with age of menarche, but was not associated with current BMI, physical activity or insulin dose. CONCLUSIONS: Our study displays that age at menarche is delayed in young women with T1DM compared to the concurrent overall mean age at menarche in the West Bengal population. FAU - Raha, Oindrila
Glucose metabolism, insulin sensitivity and β-cell function in type A insulin resistance syndrome around puberty: a 9-year follow-up.$$$ Diabetes mellitus is thought to be progressive. Insufficient insulin secretion in compensation for insulin resistance leads to glucose intolerance. A previously reported proband with type A insulin resistance syndrome and her younger twin brothers with and without the R1174W missense mutation in the insulin receptor gene were followed for 9 years to study the progression of glucose metabolism, insulin sensitivity, and β-cell function around puberty. Five-hour OGTT was performed in them at each visit. Areas under the curves of glucose, insulin and C-peptides, insulinogenic index, AIR, and Homa indices were assessed. Intramyocellular lipids (IMCLs) were quantified in the proband and compared to those of 12 nondiabetic subjects, 118 newly diagnosed type 2 diabetic patients. The proband maintained normal HbA1c (27-37 mmol/mol) and fasting plasma glucose (3.7-4.5 mmol/l), and her glucose tolerance ameliorated over years. The proband's Homa-IR decreased into adulthood, while her Homa-B, insulinogenic index, AIR, AUCs of insulin, and C-peptide decreased accordingly. Homa-B to Homa-IR ratios stayed significantly higher than normal. Homa-B, AUCs of insulin, and C-peptide of the twin brothers increased in response to the increment of Homa-IR as they entered middle and late puberty. The changes were more dramatic in the twin brothers carrying the mutation. IMCLs of the proband were lower than those of the nondiabetic counterparts and were disproportional for the degree of insulin resistance. Our longitudinal data of type A insulin resistance syndrome around puberty provide significant information for the study of insulin secretion in compensation for insulin resistance.
Difference in insulin usage patterns with pubertal development in children with type 1 diabetes during transition from multiple daily injections to continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) and through the CSII treatment.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study analyzed the changes in insulin requirement in the transition from multiple daily injections (MDI) to continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) and the differences through the CSII treatment in pediatric patients in different pubertal developmental stages. METHODS: We analyzed, through a longitudinal retrospective study, the insulin usage patterns and glycemic control of 40 patients with type 1 diabetes on CSII treatment for 12 months. The patients were subdivided in three groups: group A, 13 prepubertal subjects (Tanner stage I); group B, 15 pubertal subjects (Tanner stage II-IV); and group C, 12 postpubertal subjects (Tanner stage V). RESULTS: During the transition from MDI to CSII, the insulin requirements decreased significantly by 21 +/- 5% (0.89 +/- 0.26 U/kg/day vs. 0.70 +/- 0.11 U/kg/day). Through the CSII treatment the percentage of total daily insulin delivered as the basal rate in groups A, B, and C was 54-60%, 52-54%, and 52-54%, respectively. The number of basal rates per day was significantly higher in groups A and B. The overall profile of basal rate differed among the groups. During the night, prepubertal patients required more insulin from 12 p.m. to 2 a.m., whereas pubertal and postpubertal patients required more insulin between 2-3 a.m. to 7 a.m. Prepubertal patients had a maximum basal rate between 9 a.m. to 12 a.m. and 2 p.m. to 4 p.m., in contrast to pubertal and postpubertal patients between 2 p.m. to 3 p.m. and 5 p.m. to 6 p.m. The number of "extra" boluses per day was significantly higher in groups B and C compared to group A. CONCLUSIONS: Age-related differences exist in insulin usage patterns of pediatric patients on pump treatment. A greater knowledge of these variations may help to obtain optimum conditions in the CSII treatment in pediatric patients. FAU - Shashaj, B
Evolution of body mass index in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ The prevalence of childhood overweight and obesity has risen during the last 30 years, not only in children with type 2 diabetes, but also those with type 1 (T1D) and this is linked with an increased cardiovascular risk. A better understanding of weight patterns in the years after diagnosis of T1D is important to identify those children with a risk for excess weight gain and strategies to decrease this. We retrospectively analyzed data of all children with T1D followed at the department of Pediatric Endocrinology Leuven and diagnosed between 1991 and 2015. Data as age, sex, BMI, and Tanner score were extracted in 390 subjects. Standardized BMI (BMI SDS) in this study group using all data was 0.26. An increase in BMI SDS was seen as a function of time since diagnosis and age, both being independent predictors. Data comparison showed a significant stronger relation between BMI SDS and both time since diagnosis and age in girls. Children diagnosed after puberty showed a higher increase in BMI SDS.Conclusion: These longitudinal data suggest an important increase in BMI in children with T1D, both as a function of time since diagnosis and age, especially in girls. What is Known: • The prevalence of childhood overweight and obesity is risen during the last 30 years, in children with type 2 diabetes, but also those with type 1 diabetes. What is New: • Our study demonstrates with longitudinal data an increase in BMI in children with type 1 diabetes, especially girls. The increase in BMI SDS is seen as a function of time since diagnosis and age, both being independent predictors. Given the increased risk of metabolic syndrome and other complications in overweight children, special attention is needed to prevent this evolution. FAU - De Keukelaere, Marijke
Impaired glucose tolerance in adolescent offspring of diabetic mothers. Relationship to fetal hyperinsulinism.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To test the hypothesis that long-term postnatal development may be modified by metabolic experiences in utero. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We enrolled offspring of women with pregestational diabetes (this included insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus [IDDM] and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus [NIDDM]) and gestational diabetes in a prospective study from 1977 through 1983. Fetal beta-cell function was assessed by measurement of amniotic fluid insulin (AFI) at 32-38 weeks gestation. Postnatally, plasma glucose and insulin were measured yearly from 1.5 years of age after fasting and 2 h after 1.75 g/kg oral glucose. Control subjects had a single oral glucose challenge at 10-16 years. RESULTS: In offspring of diabetic mothers, the prevalence of impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) (2-h glucose concentration > 7.8 mmol/l) was: 1.2% at < 5 years, 5.4% at 5-9 years, and 19.3% at 10-16 years. The 88 offspring of diabetic mothers (12.3 +/- 1.7 years), when compared with 80 control subjects of the same age and pubertal stage, had higher 2-h glucose (6.8 +/- 1.4 vs. 5.7 +/- 0.9 mmol/l, P < 0.001) and insulin (660 +/- 720 vs. 455 +/- 285 pmol/l, P < 0.03) concentrations. The 17 subjects with IGT at > 10 years of age (9 boys and 8 girls) include one girl with NIDDM. IGT was not associated with the etiology of the mother's diabetes (gestational versus pregestational) or macrosomia at birth. IGT was found in only 3.7% (1 of 27) of adolescents whose AFI was normal ( < or = 100 pmol/l) and 33.3% (12 of 36) of those with elevated AFI (P < 0.001). Although most of the children with IGT are obese, AFI and obesity are independently associated with IGT by multiple logistic analysis. CONCLUSIONS: In confirmation of our original hypothesis, IGT in the offspring is a long-term complication of maternal diabetes. Excessive insulin secretion in utero, as assessed by AFI concentration, is a strong predictor of IGT in childhood. FAU - Silverman, B L
Comparison of leptin levels, body composition and insulin sensitivity and secretion by OGTT in healthy, early pubertal girls born at either appropriate- or small-for-gestational age.$$$ BACKGROUND: Small for gestational age (SGA) has been associated with decreased insulin sensitivity (IS). A possible mechanism is the postnatal development of a metabolically disadvantageous body composition (BC). AIM: To determine whether there are differences between IS and BC in girls in early puberty who were SGA (birth weight < 10th percentile) or appropriate for gestational age (AGA, 10th-90th percentile). METHODS: Age-matched (SGA/AGA) early pubertal girls (Tanner II) were recruited from local schools. We determined waist circumference (WC), the sum of four skinfolds (S4S), and per cent fat mass (fat %) by impedanciometry. Leptin and OGTT assays were performed. The insulinogenic index (I-In), HOMA-IR (homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance) and WBISI (whole body insulin sensitivity) were calculated. RESULTS: Median age (interquartile range) for 30 SGA and 35 AGA girls was 10.2 (1.1) vs. 9.8 (0.9), respectively (P = NS). BMI percentiles were 62.6 (56) vs. 67.4 (39); WC 60.5 (9.5) vs. 62.2 (6.5) cm; S4S 52 (30) vs. 52.2 (29.5) cm, and fat %[26.2 (6.7) vs. 28.5 (6.3)] was similar in both groups. SGA girls had higher leptin levels [15.4 (9.7) vs. 9.6 (11) ng/ml; P = 0.01] and I-In [2.05 (1.86) vs. 1.47 (1.27) microU/ml* mg/dl; P = 0.02]. No differences between HOMA-IR [2.07 (1.26) vs. 2.04 (1.4)] and WBISI [5.3 (3.3) vs. 5.1 (3.1)] were found between groups. CONCLUSION: The higher leptin level and I-In in girls born SGA at the beginning of puberty may be early indicators of an underlying subtle degree of insulin resistance, despite similar BMI and BC to AGA girls. FAU - Martínez-Aguayo, A
Reduced abdominal adiposity and improved glucose tolerance in growth hormone-treated girls with Turner syndrome.$$$ BACKGROUND: Individuals with Turner syndrome (TS) are at increased risk for impaired glucose tolerance and diabetes mellitus. It is unknown whether pharmacological GH treatment commonly used to treat short stature in TS alters this risk. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to compare adiposity and glucose tolerance in GH-treated vs. untreated girls with TS. METHODS: In a cross sectional study, GH-treated girls with TS (n = 76; age 13.6 +/- 3.7 yr) were compared to girls with TS that never received GH (n = 26; age 13.8 +/- 3.5 yr). Protocol studies took place in the NIH Clinical Research Center from 2001-2006 and included oral glucose tolerance tests, body composition analysis by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, and abdominal fat quantification by magnetic resonance imaging. GH was not given during testing. RESULTS: Total body fat (35 +/- 8 vs. 28 +/- 8%, P < 0.0001), sc abdominal fat (183 vs. 100 ml, P = 0.001), and intraabdominal fat (50 vs. 33 ml, P < 0.0001) were significantly greater in untreated girls. Fasting glucose and insulin were similar, but the response to oral glucose was significantly impaired in the untreated group (28 vs. 7% with impaired glucose tolerance, P = 0.006). A specific excess of visceral fat and insulin resistance was apparent only in postpubertal girls that had never received GH. GH-treated girls demonstrated lower adiposity compared with untreated girls for an average of 2 yr after discontinuation of GH. CONCLUSIONS: Abdominal adiposity is significantly lower and glucose tolerance significantly better in GH-treated vs. untreated girls with TS, suggesting that beneficial effects upon body composition and regional fat deposition outweigh transient insulin antagonism associated with GH administration. FAU - Wooten, Nicole
Prospective study of hypothalamo-hypophyseal dysfunction in children and adolescents following traumatic brain injury.$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Retrospective studies of TBI have found a neuroendocrine dysfunction following traumatic brain injury in 23 to 60% of adults and 15 to 21% of children. Our aims were to determine the prevalence of hypothalamo-hypophyseal dysfunction in children following brain injury, assess its relationship to the type of injury and the course of the acute post-traumatic phase. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Body development (growth, pubertal development, and skeletal maturity) were evaluated in 58 patients (21 girls) after a brain injury rated 3 to 12 on the Glasgow Coma Scale (GCS). The patients underwent standard endocrine tests - TSH, fT4, IGF-1, PRL, morning cortisol, FSH, LH, and testosterone in boys and estradiol in girls - in the early post-traumatic period (2 to 14 days; T0) and at 3, 6, and 12 months after the injury (T3, T6, and T12). Dynamic tests were carried out in patients with abnormalities in their clinical examination and/or laboratory results. An MRI was performed on all patients at T12. RESULTS: The median age at the time of injury was 11.3 (0.5 to 18.7) years. Of the 58 patients, 23 had GCS < 8, corresponding to severe brain injury. At T0, diabetes insipidus (DI) was diagnosed in 12 patients, and the syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion (SIADH) was found in 4 patients. Frequent hormonal changes simulated central hypothyroidism (in 45% of patients) and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (in 25% of adolescents who were already pubertal at the time of injury > Tanner II). Examination at T3 (n = 58) confirmed a combined pituitary hormone deficiency in two boys and DI in another one. At T6 (n = 49), hormonal dysfunctions were diagnosed in two boys (precocious puberty and growth hormone deficiency). At T12 (n = 39), a new endocrine dysfunction was diagnosed in five patients (growth hormone deficiency in two, hypogonadotropic hypogonadism in two, and in one patient, already diagnosed with a growth hormone deficiency, central hypothyroidism, as well). Brain MRI revealed an empty sella in two patients with growth hormone deficiency. Patients with GCS < 8 had more symptoms of SIADH or DI in the early post-traumatic period 11/23 vs. patients with GCS of 8 to 13 (4/35), and more frequent hormonal disorder (6/23) than individuals with moderate trauma (3/35), P = 0.0135. The incidence of endocrine dysfunction at T0 significantly correlated with the severity of injury (P = 0.05), but it was not an indicator for the development of a late hormonal disorder. CONCLUSION: Within a year after injury, a hormonal disorder was found in 17.6% of the patients. Neuroendocrine dysfunction as a late consequence of craniocerebral trauma in children and adolescents was less frequent than in adults. Risk factors for its development are the gravity of the injury, brain scan pathology, and possibly the development of DI, SIADH, or CSWS in the acute post-traumatic phase. FAU - Krahulik, David
Relationship between diabetic retinopathy, microalbuminuria and overt nephropathy, and twenty-year incidence follow-up of a sample of type 1 diabetic patients.$$$ PURPOSE: To determine the incidence and relationship of diabetic retinopathy (DR), microalbuminuria and overt nephropathy (ON). METHOD: A 20-year prospective study, in a cohort of 110 consecutive type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM) patients, without diabetic retinopathy or microalbuminuria at enrolment in 1990. RESULTS: The 20-year incidence of any DR was 70.91%, microalbuminuria 42.72%, and ON was 23.63%. Regarding the risk factors: pre pubertal age at diagnosis was significant for DR and ON, LDL-cholesterol and CT/HDL-cholesterol were significant for DR but not for microalbuminuria or ON. The relationship between DR and ON demonstrated that DR was a significant risk factor for ON, but ON was significant for sight-threatening DR. At the end of the study, two major groups of patients were formed: patients with DR only and patients with DR and ON. For the development of only DR we can assume that the most important risk factor is the duration of DM, followed by the high levels of HbA1c, pre-pubertal age at onset, and arterial hypertension; and for the development of ON and DR simultaneously, risk factors are higher levels of HbA1c, arterial hypertension, DM duration and pre-pubertal age at onset. CONCLUSIONS: In the current study, two major groups of patients have been formed, those who developed only DR and those who developed DR and ON. For the former, incidence increased as DM duration increased, and for the latter incidence appeared to be closely related to levels of HbA1c.
Direct diabetes-related costs in young patients with early-onset, long-lasting type 1 diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To estimate diabetes-related direct health care costs in pediatric patients with early-onset type 1 diabetes of long duration in Germany. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Data of a population-based cohort of 1,473 subjects with type 1 diabetes onset at 0-4 years of age within the years 1993-1999 were included (mean age 13.9 (SD 2.2) years, mean diabetes duration 10.9 (SD 1.9) years, as of 31.12.2007). Diabetes-related health care services utilized in 2007 were derived from a nationwide prospective documentation system (DPV). Health care utilization was valued in monetary terms based on inpatient and outpatient medical fees and retail prices (perspective of statutory health insurance). Multiple regression models were applied to assess associations between direct diabetes-related health care costs per patient-year and demographic and clinical predictors. RESULTS: Mean direct diabetes-related health care costs per patient-year were €3,745 (inter-quartile range: 1,943-4,881). Costs for glucose self-monitoring were the main cost category (28.5%), followed by costs for continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (25.0%), diabetes-related hospitalizations (22.1%) and insulin (18.4%). Female gender, pubertal age and poor glycemic control were associated with higher and migration background with lower total costs. CONCLUSIONS: Main cost categories in patients with on average 11 years of diabetes duration were costs for glucose self-monitoring, insulin pump therapy, hospitalization and insulin. Optimization of glycemic control in particular in pubertal age through intensified care with improved diabetes education and tailored insulin regimen, can contribute to the reduction of direct diabetes-related costs in this patient group. FAU - Bächle, Christina
Children with type 1 diabetes who experienced a honeymoon phase had significantly lower LDL cholesterol 5 years after diagnosis.$$$ IMPORTANCE: Landmark studies showed that partial clinical remission in new-onset type 1 diabetes is associated with reduced prevalence of long-term complications, but early clinical indicators of this favorable outcome are poorly characterized. AIM: To determine if there were any differences in lipid parameters, especially LDL-cholesterol, between remitters and non-remitters 4 to 5 years after the diagnosis of type 1 diabetes after controlling for hemoglobin A1c, body mass index, and pubertal status. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: A longitudinal retrospective cohort study of 123 subjects of mean age 11.9 ± 2.9 years, [male 11.7 ± 2.9 years, (n = 55); female 12.0 ± 2.9 years, (n = 68), p = 0.60] with type 1 diabetes of 4-5 years duration. Anthropometric and biochemical data were collected at the 4th or 5th year after diagnosis in line with the American Diabetes Association recommendation to initiate screening for complications in children either at the beginning of puberty or 4-5 years after diagnosis. Puberty was defined by Tanner stages II-V. Partial clinical remission was defined by the gold-standard insulin-dose adjusted hemoglobin A1c (IDAA1c) of ≤9. RESULTS: There were 44 (35.8%) remitters (age 13.0 ± 2.5y; male 52.3%). Both the total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol were significantly lower in remitters compared to non-remitters: LDL-C: 78.8 ± 28.7 mg/dL vs. 91.6 ± 26.5 mg/dL, p = 0.023; and total cholesterol: 151.5 ± 32.6 mg/dL vs. 167.0 ± 29.6 mg/dL, p = 0.015. Other lipid fractions were similar between the groups. There were no differences between the groups for glycemic control, body mass index z score, thyroid function, celiac disease occurrence, or vitamin D status. A greater number of remitters were in puberty compared to non-remitters (86.4% vs. 60.8%, p = 0.006). LDL-C concentration was similar in prepubertal remitters vs. non-remitters (p = 0.93), but was significantly lower in remitters in puberty compared to non-remitters in puberty (p = 0.018) after adjusting for age and duration of diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Children with type 1 diabetes who underwent a honeymoon phase had significantly lower LDL cholesterol 5 years after diagnosis. This early divergence in lipidemia may explain the dichotomy in the prevalence of long-term complication in type 1 diabetes between remitters and non-remitters. It also offers a pathway for targeted lipid monitoring in type 1 diabetes, by establishing non-remission as a non-modifiable risk factor for vascular complication in type 1 diabetes. FAU - Nwosu, Benjamin Udoka
Long-term evaluation of glucose homeostasis in a cohort of HAART-treated HIV-infected children: a longitudinal, observational cohort study.$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Few and mainly cross-sectional studies of glucose homeostasis are available in HIV-infected children treated with highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART). The aim of the present study was to describe a 4-year course of glucose homeostasis in a cohort of HAART-treated children and adolescents, using glucose and insulin levels during an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) as outcome measures. In addition, we investigated possible risk factors, both related and unrelated to antiretroviral therapy, associated with insulin resistance. METHODS: We assessed glucose metabolism yearly for 4 consecutive years in 37 HIV-infected children receiving a protease inhibitor (PI)-based HAART regimen containing lamivudine/stavudine plus indinavir or ritonavir or nelfinavir or a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI)-based HAART regimen containing lamivudine/tenofovir/efavirenz. Generalized estimating equations were used to evaluate the relationship between the loge-transformed area under the serum concentration-time curve (AUC) of insulin during OGTT and antiretroviral therapy, controlling for time, sex, baseline age, puberty, body mass index and CD4+ T cells percentage. RESULTS: Ritonavir-unboosted PI-based HAART regimens were administered to most children at baseline; however, their use decreased during follow-up in favour of an NNRTI-based regimen. The nelfinavir/lamivudine/stavudine (regression coefficient=-0.69, p<0.05) and efavirenz/lamivudine/tenofovir (regression coefficient=-0.93, p<0.05) regimens, but not the ritonavir/lamivudine/stavudine regimen, were negatively associated with loge-transformed insulin AUC compared with indinavir/lamivudine/stavudine. Puberty was positively associated with loge-transformed insulin AUC. CONCLUSIONS: This 4-year prospective study of HAART-treated HIV-infected children shows that: (i) the nelfinavir/lamivudine/stavudine and the efavirenz/lamivudine/tenofovir regimens but not the ritonavir/lamivudine/stavudine regimen were associated with higher insulin sensivity, i.e. lower insulin AUC, compared with indinavir/lamivudine/stavudine; (ii) the treatment switched substantially in favour of NNRTI from the third year on and this change was associated with an improvement in insulin sensitivity compared with the previous HAART-based regimens; and (iii) puberty is a primary determinant of insulin sensitivity. FAU - Viganò, Alessandra
Renal function is associated with peak exercise capacity in adolescents with type 1 diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Diabetic nephropathy and cardiovascular disease are strongly related in adults with type 1 diabetes, yet little is known about this relationship in adolescents prior to the onset of detectable clinical disease. We hypothesized that cardiopulmonary fitness would be directly associated with albumin-to-creatinine ratio (ACR) and inversely related to estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) in adolescents with type 1 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Sixty-nine adolescents with type 1 diabetes and 13 nondiabetic control subjects of similar pubertal stage and BMI had insulin sensitivity (glucose infusion rate [GIR]), measured by hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp, and lean body mass, measured by DEXA. Cardiopulmonary fitness was measured by cycle ergometry to obtain peak volume of oxygen (VO2peak), and renal function was measured by eGFR using the Bouvet equation (measuring creatinine and cystatin C levels) and ACR. RESULTS: Adolescents (15.5 ± 2.2 years of age) with type 1 diabetes (6.3 ± 3.8 years diabetes duration) had reduced VO2peak (31.5 ± 6.3 vs. 36.2 ± 7.9 mL/kg ⋅ min, P = 0.046) and VO2peak/lean kg (43.7 ± 7.0 vs. 51.0 ± 8.6 mL/lean kg ⋅ min, P = 0.007) compared with nondiabetic control subjects. eGFR was inversely associated with VO2peak and VO2peak/lean kg after adjusting for sex, Tanner stage, GIR, HbA1c level, systolic blood pressure, and LDL cholesterol level (β ± SE, VO2peak: -0.19 ± 0.07, P = 0.02; VO2peak/lean kg: -0.19 ± 0.09, P = 0.048). Moreover, participants in the highest tertile for eGFR had significantly lower sex- and Tanner-adjusted VO2peak and VO2peak/lean kg compared with participants in the lowest tertile. CONCLUSIONS: Adolescents with type 1 diabetes had reduced exercise capacity, which was strongly associated with renal health, independent of insulin sensitivity. Future studies should examine the underlying interrelated pathophysiology in order to identify probable targets for treatment to reduce cardiovascular and renal complications.
Risk factors for the development of retinopathy in children and adolescents with type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.$$$ In our preceding paper, the prevalence and development of retinopathy in 231 Type 1 diabetic children and adolescents were reported to be associated with the duration of diabetes and its age at onset. This paper analyses the relationships between the development of retinopathy and the following factors: age, sex, puberty, blood pressure, insulin dosage, HLA antigens, long-term glycaemic control, and serum cholesterol and triglycerides. All these variables were longitudinally evaluated in a cohort of 322 insulin-dependent patients aged 16.2 +/- 4.9 years with diabetes for 7.4 +/- 5.2 years, including those 231 subjects whose eyes were examined once or repeatedly by ophthalmoscopy and fluorescein angiography. Long-term glycaemic control from the onset of diabetes to the retinal examination was assessed by both an arbitrary score comprising different parameters and by mean values of glycosylated haemoglobin, and was categorised as good, fair, and poor. With life-table analysis, the overall median individual risk for developing early retinal changes (9.1 years) was found to be significantly influenced by glycaemic control. Minimal lesions developed earlier (8.0 years) with poor control, but later with fair (10.5 years) and good glycaemic control (12.5 years) (p less than 0.01). Mean HbA1 values below 10% delayed the onset of both incipient (10.8 years) and background retinopathy (16.6 years), while values above 10% advanced it (8.0 and 11.8 years respectively) (p less than 0.05 and less than 0.008). By multivariate regression and stepwise discrimination analyses, only 4 out of 14 variables were found to exert significant independent influences on the development of retinopathy: diabetes duration, long-term glycaemic control, serum triglycerides and age.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS) FAU - Weber, B
New insights into the association of mid-childhood macronutrient intake to pubertal development in adolescence using nutritional geometry.$$$ Nutritional geometry (NG) is a novel dietary analysis approach that considers nutrient balance, rather than single nutrient effects, on health and behaviour. Through NG, recent animal experiments have found that lifespan and reproduction are differentially altered by dietary macronutrient distribution. Epidemiological research using NG reports similar findings for human ageing. Yet, the relation of macronutrient balance to human reproduction, especially reproductive maturation, remains undefined. We studied the impact of childhood macronutrient intake on pubertal maturation, by applying NG to an Australian longitudinal adolescent dataset. Food records, collected at age 8 years from 142 pre-pubertal children (females, 92; males, 50), were analysed for absolute energy, percentage energy and energy-adjusted residuals from protein, carbohydrate and fat. Pubertal stage change (assessed at 8, 13 and 15 years) was modelled to obtain individual mathematical estimates of pubertal timing and tempo. Timing of menarche was recorded. The association of macronutrients to pubertal timing/tempo was assessed via NG, involving generalised additive models and heat maps to aid interpretation. Results showed lower dietary protein (relative to carbohydrate and fat) in girls consistently predicted earlier pubertal timing and menarche, and was related to faster pubertal tempo (all P < 0·05). No significant associations were identified in boys for both timing and tempo. Results suggest a role of non-protein macronutrients in facilitating female maturation; corroborating feeding and reproductive behaviour patterns observed in earlier NG studies of primates. Application of NG to other adolescent datasets is required to confirm the present findings. Such work would advance understanding of how nutrient balance shapes human development and health. FAU - Cheng, Hoi Lun
Faster ticking rate of the epigenetic clock is associated with faster pubertal development in girls.$$$ Epigenetic age is an indicator of biological aging, capturing the impact of environmental and behavioral influences across time on cellular function. Deviance between epigenetic age and chronological age (AgeAccel) is a predictor of health. Pubertal timing has similarly been associated with cancer risk and mortality rate among females. We examined the association between AgeAccel and pubertal timing and adolescent breast composition in the longitudinal Growth and Obesity Cohort Study. AgeAccel was estimated in whole blood using the Horvath method at breast Tanner 2 (B2) and 4 (B4). Total breast volume, absolute fibro-glandular volume (FGV), and %FGV were evaluated at B4 using dual X-ray absorptiometry. The impact of AgeAccel (mean: 0; SD: 3.78) across puberty on the time to breast development (thelarche), menarche, and pubertal tempo (thelarche to menarche) was estimated using accelerated failure time models; generalized estimating equations were used to evaluate associations with breast density. A five-year increase in average adolescent AgeAccel was associated with a significant decrease in time to menarche [hazard ratio (HR): 1.37; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.04, 1.80] adjusting for birth weight, maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index, maternal height, maternal education, B2 height, fat percentage, and cell composition. AgeAccel displayed a stronger inverse association with pubertal tempo (HR: 1.48; 95% CI: 1.10, 1.99). A five-year increase in AgeAccel was associated with 5% greater %FGV, adjusting for B4 percent body fat, and maternal traits (95% CI: 1.01, 1.10). Our study provides unique insight into the influence of AgeAccel on pubertal development in girls, which may have implications for adult health. FAU - Binder, Alexandra M
Spectrum and prevalence of atherogenic risk factors in 27,358 children, adolescents, and young adults with type 1 diabetes: cross-sectional data from the German diabetes documentation and quality management system (DPV).$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of this data analysis was to ascertain the type and prevalence rate as well as age and sex distribution of cardiovascular risk factors in type 1 diabetic patients up to 26 years of age. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Cardiovascular risk factors such as obesity, hypertension, dyslipidemia, poor glycemic control, and smoking were analyzed in 27,358 patients who were divided into three groups (prepubertal, pubertal, and adult) using specifically designed diabetes software for prospective disease documentation. RESULTS: More than half of the patients per age-group had at least one cardiovascular risk factor. Two risk factors were age dependently found in 6.2-21.7% and three or four risk factors in 0.5-4.7%. Elevated values of HbA(1c), total cholesterol, and BMI were found most frequently. Hypertension, smoking, and HDL cholesterol were observed more frequently in males, and elevated BMI, total cholesterol, and LDL cholesterol more often in females. Although 28.6% of the patients had dyslipidemia, merely 0.4% of them received medical treatment, and of the 8.1% of the patients with hypertension, only 2.1% of them were given antihypertensive medication. CONCLUSIONS: With increasing age, a greater number of patients with cardiovascular risk factors were observed. Significant sex differences were seen in the majority of risk factors. Despite the high prevalence of risk factors, only a small minority of patients received antihypertensive or lipid-lowering treatment. Early identification, prevention, and treatment of additional risk factors seem to be necessary, particularly in light of the high incidence of future cardiovascular disease. FAU - Schwab, K Otfried
Lower bone mineral content in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus is linked to female sex, low insulin-like growth factor type I levels, and high insulin requirement.$$$ CONTEXT: Studies on bone mineral characteristics in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) have generated conflicting results. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to investigate bone mineral characteristics in children with T1DM and to analyze their associations with bone metabolism and the IGF-I system. DESIGN: We recruited a cohort of Caucasian patients with T1DM for at least 3 yr and healthy children between January 2003 and June 2004. SETTING: This was a university hospital-based study. PARTICIPANTS: A total of 127 patients and 319 controls aged 6 to 20 yr participated. METHODS: Dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry was performed in patients and controls. Serum bone alkaline phosphatase, CrossLaps, IGF-I, and IGF-binding protein 3 levels were determined in patients with values analyzed using our normative data from 1150 healthy children. RESULTS: After adjustment for age, sex, pubertal stage, and body mass index sd score, total body bone mineral content (BMC)/lean body mass was significantly lower in patients than in controls (P < 0.04). This difference was a result of the differences between the girls of the two groups. Girls with T1DM had significantly lower lumbar spine and total body BMC than control girls (P = 0.002), whereas no such difference was observed in boys. Serum bone alkaline phosphatase level was significantly lower in girls than in boys (P = 0.04). Low serum IGF-I levels and the administration of large amounts of insulin were found to have independent deleterious effects on BMC for children of all ages and both sexes, whereas disease duration and glycosylated hemoglobin levels did not. CONCLUSIONS: A sex-related difference in the impairment of bone mineral characteristics was identified in children with T1DM. Longitudinal studies are required to investigate whether boys may gain slightly less bone mass during skeletal growth. FAU - Léger, Juliane
Lack of evidence for progression of atherosclerosis during puberty in type 1 diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Children with type 1 diabetes have early changes in vascular structure with increased aortic intima-media thickness (aIMT) or carotid IMT (cIMT). aIMT may be an earlier, more sensitive marker; however, longitudinal data in type 1 diabetes are lacking. This study will aim to evaluate changes in vascular structure (aIMT and cIMT) over 2 yr during puberty in children with type 1 diabetes and compare them with those in healthy children. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 110 children (aged 10-18 yr, 55 males) participated in a prospective cohort study, including 77 children with type 1 diabetes and 33 age- and sex-matched healthy children. Ultrasound assessments of aIMT and cIMT; and clinical and biochemical data were collected at baseline and 2 yr later. RESULTS: Mean and maximal aIMT or cIMT did not worsen over time in children with type 1 diabetes compared with healthy children. Longer duration of diabetes related to an increase in aIMT. Improvement in HDL cholesterol and leptin related to a decrease in aIMT. Higher baseline IMT related to an improvement in IMT in children with type 1 diabetes (mean and maximal aIMT: β = -0.52, p < 0.001; β = -0.49, p = 0.001, and mean and maximal cIMT: β = -0.36, p = 0.003; β = -0.40, p = 0.001), independent of cardiovascular risk factors. CONCLUSIONS: Aortic and carotid IMT does not deteriorate during puberty in children with type 1 diabetes. This has implications for the design of interventional studies in this important age group.
Obesity, metabolic syndrome, and insulin dynamics in children after craniopharyngioma surgery.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Children after craniopharyngioma surgery often develop rapid weight gain and hyperphagia. We investigate the metabolic syndrome features, risk factors, and the insulin dynamics in these patients. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Standard oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT) were performed in 12 subjects, aged 7.7-18.1 years, after surgical removal of craniopharyngioma and their healthy age-, sex-, body mass index-, and pubertal stage-matched controls. Blood samples were obtained for measurement of levels of plasma glucose, insulin, lipids, liver enzymes, baseline hormonal profiles with calculation of insulin secretion, and insulin sensitivity indices derived from OGTT. RESULTS AND DISCUSSION: Nine of 12 subjects were severely obese. All patients exhibited significant weight gain after surgery. The waist to hip ratio was higher in subjects compared to controls (P = 0.023). Subjects had higher fasting triglycerides (P = 0.019) and lower HDL/total cholesterol ratio (P = 0.012). Five of 12 subjects met the criteria for the metabolic syndrome, compared with one of 12 in controls. One patient had prediabetes and another patient had overt type 2 diabetes. Six of 12 subjects had nonalcoholic steatohepatitis. No significant risk factors were found between each group of patients with and without the metabolic syndrome. There were no differences of insulin secretion and insulin sensitivity indices between craniopharyngioma and control subjects. CONCLUSION: Children after craniopharyngioma surgery are at risk of rapid weight gain and the development of metabolic syndrome. Further studies to better understand the mechanism are required to design effective treatment and prevention. FAU - Sahakitrungruang, Taninee
Racial differences in metabolic control of children and adolescents with type I diabetes mellitus.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study evaluated racial differences in the metabolic control of children and adolescents with insulin-dependent (type I) diabetes mellitus and examined the interactive effects of race with age and sex. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Data on several demographic and clinical variables were obtained for 102 black and 108 white children, including the percentage of total HbA1, age, age at diagnosis, duration of diabetes, pubertal status, insulin dose (U.kg-1.day-1), body mass index, number of clinic visits kept and missed, number of hospitalizations for diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) for the year, and socioeconomic status (SES). RESULTS: Black children had higher insulin dosages (P less than 0.05) and lower SESs (P less than 0.001) than white children. HbA1 was higher in black than white children (P less than 0.01) after statistically adjusting for the effects of insulin dose, diabetes duration, and SES. With HbA1-based criteria, more black than white children were in poor and fewer in good metabolic control (P less than 0.001). Older children (greater than or equal to 13 yr) had higher HbA1 levels than younger (less than 13 yr) children (P less than 0.002), but there were no differences in HbA1 between males and females nor were there interactive effects of race, sex, and age-group. Black children were hospitalized for DKA more frequently than white children (P less than 0.04). More black than white children missed clinic visits (P less than 0.01), but they did not differ in number of visits kept. CONCLUSIONS: Black youths with type I diabetes mellitus are in poorer metabolic control than white youths. FAU - Delamater, A M
Menopause in type 1 diabetic women: is it premature?$$$ Women with type 1 diabetes have a delayed menarche and a greater prevalence of menstrual disorders than women without diabetes. However, little is known about the menopause transition among type 1 diabetic women. The Familial Autoimmune and Diabetes (FAD) Study recruited both adult individuals who were identified from the Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh Type 1 Diabetes Registry for the years 1950-1964 and their family members. Unrelated nondiabetic control probands and their relatives were also evaluated. Women with type 1 diabetes (n = 143) compared with nondiabetic sisters (n = 186) or unrelated control subjects (n = 160) were more likely to have an older age at menarche (13.5, 12.5, and 12.6 years, respectively, P < 0.001), more menstrual irregularities before 30 years of age (45.7, 33.3, and 33.1%, respectively, P = 0.04), and a younger age at menopause (41.6, 49.9, and 48.0 years, respectively, P = 0.05). This resulted in a 6-year reduction in the number of reproductive years (30.0, 37.0, and 35.2 years, respectively, P = 0.05) for women with type 1 diabetes. Risk factors univariately associated with earlier menopause included type 1 diabetes (hazard ratio [HR] 1.99, P = 0.04), menstrual irregularities before 30 years of age (HR 1.87, P = 0.04), nulliparity (HR 2.14, P = 0.01), and unilateral oophorectomy (HR 6.51, P < 0.0001). Multivariate analysis confirmed that type 1 diabetes (HR 1.98, P = 0.056), menstrual irregularities by 30 years of age (HR 2.36, P = 0.01), and unilateral oophorectomy (HR 9.76, P < 0.0001) were independent determinants of earlier menopause in our cohort. We hypothesize that an earlier menopause, which resulted in a 17% decrease in reproductive years, is a major unstudied complication of type 1 diabetes. FAU - Dorman, J S
Microalbuminuria prevalence varies with age, sex, and puberty in children with type 1 diabetes followed from diagnosis in a longitudinal study. Oxford Regional Prospective Study Group.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The predictive value of microalbuminuria (MA) in children with type 1 diabetes has not been defined. We describe the natural history of MA in a large cohort of children recruited at diagnosis of type 1 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Between 1985 and 1996, 514 children (279 male) who developed type 1 diabetes before the age of 16 years (91% of those eligible from a region where ascertainment of new cases is 95%) were recruited for a longitudinal study with central annual assessment of HbAlc and albumin excretion (three urine samples). Dropout rates have been < 1% per year, and 287 children have been followed for > 4.5 years. RESULTS: MA (defined as albumin-to-creatinine ratio > or = 3.5 and > or = 4.0 mg/mmol in boys and girls, respectively) developed in 63 (12.8%) and was persistent in 22 (4.8%) of the subjects. The cumulative probability (based on the Kaplan-Meier method) for developing MA was 40% after 11 years. HbAlc was worse in those who developed MA than in others (mean difference +/- SEM: 1.1% +/- 0.2, P < 0.001). In subjects who had been 5-11 years of age when their diabetes was diagnosed, the appearance of MA was delayed until puberty, whereas of those whose age was < 5 years at diagnosis of diabetes, 5 of 11 (45%) developed MA before puberty. The adjusted proportional probability (Cox model) of MA was greater for female subjects (200%), after pubertal onset (310%), and with greater HbAlc (36% increase for every 1% increase in HbAlc). Despite earlier differences based on age at diagnosis of diabetes (< 5, 5-11, and > 11 years), the overall cumulative risks in these groups were similar (38 vs. 29 vs. 39%, respectively) after 10 years' duration of diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Prepubertal duration of diabetes and prepubertal hyperglycemia contribute to the risk of postpubertal MA. The differences in rates of development of MA relating to HbAlc, sex, and age at diagnosis relative to puberty may have long-term consequences for the risk of subsequent nephropathy and for cardiovascular risk. FAU - Schultz, C J
Prevalence of abnormal urinary albumin excretion in adolescents and children with insulin dependent diabetes: the MIDAC study. Microalbinuria in Diabetic Adolescents and Children (MIDAC) research group.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine the prevalence of microalbuminuria, defined as an albumin to creatinine ratio (UAC) equal to or greater than 2 mg/mmol in at least two of three early morning urine samples, in adolescents and children with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus. DESIGN: Centrally coordinated, cross sectional, multicentre study in paediatric diabetes outpatient clinics in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland. METHODS: Blood and urine samples collected between July 1997 and July 1998 were analysed at a central reference laboratory for HbA(1C) using high performance liquid chromatography, and for urinary albumin and creatinine concentrations from which the UAC was derived (mg/mmol). Clinical data were collected locally and coordinated centrally. SUBJECTS: Patients, aged between 10 and 20 years, with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus for more than a year, attending diabetes outpatient clinics. RESULTS: A total of 1007 patients, comprising 69% of the eligible population of 1451, provided three early morning urine samples. Ninety eight (9.7%) had microalbuminuria using the currently accepted screening cut off of UAC >/= 2 mg/mmol in at least two of three early morning urine samples. Significantly more girls than boys and significantly more pubertal and postpubertal patients had abnormal albumin excretion. Microalbuminuria was not associated with raised blood pressure. CONCLUSIONS: A prevalence of 9.7% for abnormal UAC was found in a cohort of 1007 children and adolescents aged 10-20 years. Thus a tenth of this national sample of young people were identified as being at particular risk of microvascular and later macrovascular disease. FAU - Moore, T H
Insulin-like growth factor-I is related to glycemic control in children and adolescents with newly diagnosed insulin-dependent diabetes.$$$ To address the relationship of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) to diabetes control, we determined IGF-I levels in 137 subjects age 17 yr and younger with recently diagnosed insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in a population-based cohort study between 3 and 11 months after diagnosis (mean 4.9 months). Initial determinations of IGF-I, 24-h urine C-peptide and microalbuminuria, age, sex, height, weight, body mass index, pubertal stage, and glycosylated hemoglobin (GHb) were obtained. IGF-I levels ranged from 11-439 ng/mL, were strongly related to age (r = 0.74, P < 0.001), and were higher in females than males at any given age (P < 0.01). IGF-I was inversely related to GHb (partial r = -0.43, P < 0.001) after adjustment for sex and age. The relationship between IGF-I and GHb did not change between age groups (< 6, 6-9, > or = 10 yr of age; P = 0.50), and it did not change between prepubertal and pubertal subjects (P = 0.95). IGF-I was not related to 24-h urine C-peptide or microalbuminuria. These results suggest that lower IGF-I levels are related to poorer metabolic control of diabetes in the period following insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus diagnosis in all young persons regardless of age or pubertal status. FAU - Dills, D G
Insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 proteolysis in children with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: a possible role for insulin in the regulation of IGFBP-3 protease activity.$$$ Limited proteolysis of serum insulin-like growth factor (IGF) binding protein (IGFBP)-3 has been described in various conditions and may increase the bioavailability of IGFs. The physiological regulators of serum IGFBP-3 protease activity are unknown. To characterize the relationship between insulin and IGFBP-3 protease activity, we have examined serum IGFBP-3 proteolysis in children with untreated insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and have followed the effect of insulin therapy on serum IGFBP-3 proteolysis at 1 day, 1 week, and 1 month after the initiation of insulin therapy. Ligand blot analysis of sera from untreated children with IDDM showed that intact IGFBP-3 was 50 +/- 9% of the age-matched control pool. After the initiation of insulin treatment, IGFBP-3 did not change significantly at 1 day after treatment but increased dramatically at 1 week (90 +/- 13%) and 1 month after treatment (102 +/- 13%). In contrast, when measured by immunoradiometric assay (which detects both intact and fragments of IGFBP-3), IGFBP-3 levels were 70% of the control pool before insulin therapy and did not increase significantly until 1 month after treatment. Immunoblot analysis demonstrated that intact IGFBP-3 doublet was diminished to 41 +/- 7% of controls, whereas the major IGFBP-3 fragment (30 kDa) was increased in IDDM sera before insulin therapy. After insulin, intact IGFBP-3 increased and the 30-kDa fragment decreased to values comparable to those observed in controls. In vivo IGFBP-3 proteolysis, which implies preassay exposure of serum IGFBP-3 to proteases, was estimated by immunoblot analysis. IGFBP-3 proteolysis was increased before insulin therapy (160 +/- 9%) and decreased to 81 +/- 9% at 1 week and to 71 +/- 11% at 1 month after insulin treatment. Residual serum IGFBP-3 protease activity was estimated by a 125I-IGFBP-3 degradation assay. Serum IGFBP-3 protease activity increased significantly in untreated diabetics, compared with activity in controls (128 +/- 5% vs. 99 +/- 11%). During insulin therapy, serum IGFBP-3 protease activity decreased gradually to 91 +/- 5% of control values at 1 month. Molecular sizes of the IGFBP-3 proteolytic fragments (30 kDa, 24 kDa, and 19 kDa) and inhibition profile of IGFBP-3 protease were similar in IDDM and pregnancy sera, indicating that similar proteases (cation-dependent serine proteases) were active in both conditions. These results suggest an important role of insulin in the regulation of IGFBP-3 protease activity. Increased IGFBP-3 proteolysis in the sera of children with IDDM may serve to counteract the catabolic state induced by insulin deficiency. FAU - Bereket, A
Trends, associations and predictions of insulin resistance in prepubertal children (EarlyBird 29).$$$ BACKGROUND: Rising obesity has been observed in all age groups. Anthropometric cut-points have been used to predict metabolic risk in children, although they are not based on known outcomes. AIM: We examined the trends, associations and predictions of metabolic health from anthropometry in prepubertal children. METHOD: Three hundred and seven healthy children were examined annually between 5 and 8 yr. MEASURES: height, weight, body mass index (BMI), sum of skinfold thickness at five sites (SSF) and waist circumference (WC). OUTCOME MEASURES: homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and triglycerides (TG). RESULTS: Two hundred and thirty-one [131 boys (B) and 100 girls (G)] children had complete data sets at all four time points. (i) All measures of adiposity rose from 5 to 8 yr (BMI - B: +3.4%, G: +5.7%; WC - B: +10.4%, G: +11.8%; SSF - B: +23.3%, G: +30.7%, all p < 0.001). HOMA-IR unexpectedly fell (B: -16.6%, p = 0.01; G: -32.5%, p < 0.001). This fall was significant between 5 and 6 yr in both genders (5-6 yr - B: -17.8%, p < 0.001; G: -20.0%, p = 0.002) and between 6 and 7 yr in girls only (6-7 yr - B: -10.8%, p = 0.12; G: -19.2%, p = 0.001). HDL-C rose (B: +17.8%, G: +17.1%, both p < 0.001) and TG fell (B: -4.8%, p = 0.16; G: -11.6%, p = 0.006). (ii) Correlations between insulin resistance (IR) and anthropometry were poor at 5 yr but strengthened by 8 yr (BMI - B: r = 0.20/0.38, G: r = 0.28/0.49; WC - B: r = 0.25/0.40, G: r = 0.32/0.58; SSF - B: r = 0.11/0.36, G: r = 0.18/0.53). (iii) In girls, but not boys, adiposity at 5 yr predicted IR better at 8 yr (BMI - r(2 )= 0.17; WC - r(2 )= 0.28; SSF - r(2 )= 0.17, all p < 0.001) than it did at 5 yr (BMI - r(2 )= 0.08, p < 0.01; WC - r(2 )= 0.10, p < 0.01; SSF - r(2 )= 0.03, p = 0.07). CONCLUSIONS: Cross-sectional association cannot indicate direction of trend or predict the future. Predicting metabolic health from anthropometric measures in prepubertal children requires longitudinal data, tracking variables from childhood into adulthood. Until the data set reaches adulthood, it is probably not safe to make recommendations on which children to 'target' or whether early intervention would be of benefit. FAU - Gardner, Daphne S-L
Relation of leptin to insulin resistance syndrome in children.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To examine the relation of leptin to insulin resistance, as measured by euglycemic insulin clamp, and insulin resistance syndrome factors in thin and heavy children. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Anthropometrics, insulin, blood pressure, and leptin were measured in 342 11- to 14-year-old children (189 boys, 153 girls, 272 white, 70 black). Insulin sensitivity (M) was determined by milligrams glucose uptake per kilogram per minute and expressed as M/lean body mass (Mlbm). Children were divided by median BMI (boys = 20.5 kg/m(2); girls = 21.4 kg/m(2)) into below-median (thin) and above-median (heavy) groups. Correlation coefficients between log-leptin and components of insulin resistance syndrome were adjusted for Tanner stage, gender, and race. RESULTS: BMI was related to leptin in boys (r = 0.70, p < 0.001) and girls (r = 0.75, p < 0.001). Leptin was higher in girls than boys (32.6 vs. 12.3 ng/mL, p = 0.0001). Leptin levels increased in girls and decreased in boys during puberty, paralleling the changes in body fat. Leptin was significantly correlated with insulin, Mlbm, triglycerides, and blood pressure in heavy children and only with insulin in thin children. After adjustment for body fat, the correlations remained significant for insulin and Mlbm in heavy children and with insulin in thin children. DISCUSSION: Significant associations were found between leptin and insulin resistance in children, and these associations were attenuated by adjustment for adiposity. These findings at age 13 likely have long-term consequences in the development of the obesity-insulin resistance-related cardiovascular risk profile. FAU - Steinberger, Julia
The development and progression of diabetic retinopathy in type I diabetic patients: a cohort study.$$$ To describe the course and risk factors for development and progression of retinopathy, we studied a cohort of 333 Israeli Jewish patients with Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. The median age at diagnosis was 9.5 (range 0.04-26.2) years and the median duration of follow-up was 14 (range 1.6-30) years. Evaluation of both retinae was performed yearly since referral and HbA1 values were tested every 3 months since 1978. During a follow-up of 4070 patient-years, 162 patients developed non-proliferative retinopathy. The median retinopathy-free interval was 14.9 years and after 30 years all patients were affected. Pre-pubertal duration of diabetes was relevant. Independent and significant risk factors for early onset of non-proliferative retinopathy were: poor cumulative glycaemic control (median retinopathy-free interval in the 1st vs 4th quartiles of mean HbA1 values over all years: 18.0 vs 12.5 years, p = 0.0001); onset of diabetes during or after puberty (median retinopathy-free interval in patients with onset of diabetes before, during or after pubescence: 16.3, 13.2 and 14.0 years, respectively, p = 0.0001); and non-Ashkenazi Jewish origin (median retinopathy-free interval 15.8 years in Ashkenazi vs 14.0 in non-Ashkenazi patients, p = 0.0004). Of 162 patients with non-proliferative retinopathy, progression to proliferative retinopathy occurred in 37, during 707 patient-years. The first event of proliferative retinopathy was diagnosed within the 1st year after non-proliferative retinopathy evolved, and at 6.3 years since onset of non-proliferative retinopathy 75% of the patients were still free of proliferative changes. Risk factors significantly and independently associated with an early progression to the proliferative stage were: poor glycaemic control in the last 3 years prior to the development of proliferative retinopathy and non-Ashkenazi Jewish origin. All patients in the 4th quartile of HbA1 values were affected by proliferative retinopathy within 11.6 years after onset of non-proliferative retinopathy. FAU - Kalter-Leibovici, O
Occurrence of microalbuminuria in young people with Type 1 diabetes: importance of age and diabetes duration.$$$ AIMS: To determine the occurrence of microalbuminuria in young people with Type 1 diabetes mellitus followed prospectively for 2 years and to relate the presence of persistent elevations in urinary albumin excretion (UAE) to age, diabetes duration, puberty and other factors. METHODS: During a 2 year period, random urine samples were obtained from 471 patients, aged 8-18 years (mean +/-sd 12.9 +/- 2.3 years) with Type 1 diabetes duration 5.6 +/- 3.0 years, as part of routine clinical care. Urine albumin and creatinine concentrations were measured in 1310 samples (median, 3 samples per patient) and the albumin:creatinine ratio was calculated (in micrograms albumin per milligram creatinine). Height, weight, blood pressure (BP), glycated haemoglobin (HbA(1c)), blood glucose monitoring frequency and Tanner staging were collected from patients' medical records. RESULTS: Twenty-three per cent of patients had one or more sample with elevated UAE (> or =20 microg/mg) and 9.3% had persistent elevations (> or =2 samples > or =20 microg/mg). Those with and without persistent microalbuminuria did not differ significantly in age, diabetes duration, z-score for body mass index, pubertal status or BP percentile. Ten per cent of children <13 years old and 9% of children > or =13 years old had persistent microalbuminuria. Persistent microalbuminuria was significantly associated with diabetes duration only in older children (duration 0.5-3 years, 4%; 4-6 years, 8%; > or =7 years, 14%; P = 0.02, trend test). Mean HbA(1c) over the 2 years was 8.7 +/- 1.2%. In a logistic regression model, mean HbA(1c) was the only significant predictor of persistent microalbuminuria (odds ratio 1.3, 95% confidence interval 1.0-1.6, P = 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Microalbuminuria in older children with Type 1 diabetes is likely to be clinically significant. In younger children, it may reflect functional, reversible renal changes. Longitudinal analysis is needed to confirm the probable transient nature of microalbuminuria in young patients with Type 1 diabetes. FAU - Alleyn, C R
Ocular complications in young adults with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus since childhood.$$$ A cross-sectional study in 80 insulin-dependent diabetic patients born 1963-1968 who experienced the onset of diabetes before 15 years of age showed that at a mean age of 21.6 (range 17-25) years and after a mean duration of diabetes of 13.3 (range 6-24) years, 80% of the patients had retinopathy: 70% had background and 10% proliferative changes. Retinopathy correlated with the duration of the diabetes and poor glucose control at 15 years of age but not with the actual level of glycated haemoglobin. The severity of retinopathy was worse in women than in men. One patient (1.2%) was blind. Two patients had had cataract operations and 66% had myopic refraction in one or both eyes. In 61 patients a further period of ophthalmological follow-up of 3-4 years was included. After 20 years of diabetes, all had retinopathy and 29% had proliferative changes: 33% had received laser treatment after 8-27 (mean 16.1) years of diabetes. Altogether, 2 patients (2.5% of the original series) were blind. For prevention of diabetic retinopathy and blindness, good glucose control from puberty and careful ophthalmological follow-up after transfer of the patient from paediatric to adult diabetes care play major roles. FAU - Kokkonen, J
Kisspeptin and body weight homeostasis in relation to phenotypic features of polycystic ovary syndrome$$$ metabolic regulation of reproduction.; BACKGROUND: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a heterogeneous disorder characterized by a diverse collection of reproductive and metabolic abnormalities. kisspeptin (KISS) is novel peptides associated with regulation of metabolism, food intake, puberty and reproduction. The aim of the present study was to estimate KISS level in patients with PCOS, and to evaluate the possible relationship between KISS level with anthropometric measures as well as clinic-morphological features of PCOS. MATERIALS AND METHODS: cross section control study enrolled 90 control group and 105 patients with PCOS and they were stratified according to their body mass index (BMI) to; underweight (n = 9, BMI ˂19), normal weight (n = 25, BMI = 19.1-25), over weight (n = 34,BMI = 25.1-30), obese grade I (n = 12, BMI = 30.1-35) , obese grade II (n = 13, BMI 35.1-40) and obese grade III (n = 12, BMI˃40).Circulating KISS levels were measured using ELISA. RESULTS: Our results revealed that, KISS levels were higher in PCOS patients compared to controls. Among PCOS group, there were significant lower level of KISS levels in underweight, overweight and obese compared to normal weight group. Even more importantly, KISS levels decreased with increasing of BMI as the following, grade I, grade II and grade III. Moreover, it was negatively correlated to anthropometric measures, glycemic, lipid profile and positively correlated the phenotype characteristics of PCOS. Linear regression test observed that hirsutism score, HOMA-IR and LH were the main predictors of KISS levels in PCOS. CONCLUSION: circulating KISS is an important regulator of body weight and reproduction especially in PCOS women.
Increased levels of Dickkopf-1 are indicative of Wnt/β-catenin downregulation and lower osteoblast signaling in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus, contributing to lower bone mineral density.$$$ Higher levels of Dickkopf-1, which is an inhibitor of Wnt/β-catenin bone metabolic pathway, could be indicative of downregulated Wnt system, with possible lower osteoblast activation and higher osteoclast signaling in type 1 diabetes mellitus children and adolescents. Dickkopf-1 could significantly contribute to diabetes osteopathy. INTRODUCTION: Increased fracture risk and elevated Dickkopf-1 levels, which is an inhibitor of Wnt/β-catenin bone metabolic pathway, have been documented in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D), while no relevant data exist on childhood type 1 diabetes (T1D). Our aim was to study plasma Dickkopf-1 distribution in children and adolescents with T1D and to correlate Dickkopf-1 with metabolic bone markers and bone mineral density (BMD). METHODS: We evaluated 40 children and adolescents with T1D (mean ± SD age 13.04 ± 3.53 years, T1D duration 5.15 ± 3.33 years) and 40 healthy age-matched and gender-matched controls (age 12.99 ± 3.3 years). Dickkopf-1 and bone metabolic markers were measured, while total body and lumbar spine BMD were evaluated with dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA). RESULTS: Dickkopf-1 demonstrated a Gaussian distribution, with higher levels in T1D patients (13.56 ± 5.34 vs 11.35 ± 3.76 pmol/L, p = 0.024). Higher values were found in boys and in prepubertal children. Dickkopf-1 correlated positively with osteoprotegerin and fasting glucose in patients, while positive correlation with sclerostin and total soluble receptor activator of nuclear factor-kappaB ligand (s-RANKL) was found in controls. Positive correlations with C-telopeptide cross-links (CTX), osteocalcin, alkaline phosphatase, phosphate, and insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF1) were documented in both groups. Lumbar spine Z-score was positively associated with Dickkopf-1 in controls, while a negative trend was found in patients. CONCLUSIONS: Higher levels of Dickkopf-1 could indicate a downregulated Wnt/β-catenin system with possible lower osteoblast activation and higher osteoclast signaling in T1D children and adolescents. Dickkopf-1 could possibly be a significant contributor of T1D osteopathy. Future therapies could focus on Wnt/β-catenin metabolic pathway. FAU - Tsentidis, C
Impaired intellectual development in children with Type I diabetes: association with HbA(1c), age at diagnosis and sex.$$$ AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Good metabolic control in diabetic children is already crucial before puberty to prevent diabetic complications later in life. However, tight metabolic control could increase the risk of severe hypoglycaemia, which might be responsible for impaired intellectual performance later in life. The purpose of this prospective longitudinal study was to evaluate the relevance of long-term metabolic control and hypoglycaemia possibly affecting the intellectual development of young children with Type I (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. METHODS: The intellectual development in 64 diabetic children between the ages of 7 and 16 years was assessed at least four times using the German version of the Hamburg Wechsler intelligence scale for preschool children, Children-Revised and by the "Adaptives Intelligenz Diagnostikum" (Adaptive Intelligence Diagnosticum). Data were analysed longitudinally compared with a control group. RESULTS: A significant decline in performance by age 7 and in verbal intelligence quotient between age 7 and 16 years was observed in diabetic boys diagnosed before the age of 6 but not in those diagnosed later and not in diabetic girls. The deterioration of intellectual performance in boys diagnosed at a very young age was not associated with the occurrence of severe hypoglycaemic episodes but was correlated with the degree of metabolic deterioration at diagnosis and with high long-term average of glycated haemoglobin. CONCLUSION/INTERPRETATION: Our study in diabetic children shows that the male sex, diagnosis at a young age, metabolic condition at diagnosis and long-term metabolic control, rather than experienced hypoglycaemic attacks are risk factors for intellectual development. FAU - Schoenle, E J
Low IGF-I and elevated testosterone during puberty in subjects with type 1 diabetes developing microalbuminuria in comparison to normoalbuminuric control subjects: the Oxford Regional Prospective Study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To describe longitudinal variations in pubertal hormonal variables in subjects with and without microalbuminuria (MA). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Blood samples collected annually from subjects recruited at diagnosis of type 1 diabetes and followed prospectively through puberty (median follow-up 9.3 years, range 4.7-12.8) were analyzed for total and free IGF-I, IGF binding protein-1, testosterone, sex hormone-binding globulin, and HbA(1c). A total of 55 subjects who developed MA (MA(+) group) were compared with 55 age-, sex-, and duration-matched control subjects who did not develop MA (MA(-) group). RESULTS: For female subjects, total IGF-I (MA(+) 1.2 mU/l vs. MA(-) 1.4 mU/l, P = 0.03) and free IGF-I levels (MA(+) 1,767 ng/l vs. MA(-) 2010 ng/l, P = 0.002) were lower, whereas the free androgen index (MA(+) 2.4 vs. MA(-) 2.0, P = 0.03) was higher in those with MA. These changes were less pronounced in male subjects. For both sexes, in a Cox model after adjusting for puberty, the presence of MA was associated with lower free IGF-I levels, higher testosterone standard deviation score (SDS), and poor glycemic control. We found that 22 of 55 case subjects (40%) developed persistent MA, whereas 33 (60%) had transient MA. In the persistent MA group compared with the transient and control groups, total IGF-I levels were lower (1.1 vs. 1.3 vs. 1.4 mU/l, P = 0.002) as were free IGF-I levels (1,370.9 vs. 1,907.3 vs. 1,886.7 ng/l, P < 0.001), whereas HbA(1c) levels were higher (11.8 vs. 10.3 vs. 9.9%, P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Poor glycemic control and differences in IGF-I levels and androgens, particularly in female subjects, accompany development of MA at puberty. These differences may in part account for the sexual dimorphism in MA risk during puberty and could relate to disease progression. FAU - Amin, Rakesh
Delayed menarche in young German women with type 1 diabetes mellitus: recent results from the DPV diabetes documentation and quality management system.$$$ BACKGROUND: Findings have been inconsistent regarding the effect of T1DM (type 1 diabetes) on age at menarche. OBJECTIVE: The purpose was to investigate in young German women with T1DM menarcheal age and factors potentially affecting menarche, including glycemic control, BMI (body mass index), relative T1DM duration (proportion of life with diabetes), insulin dose, and insulin therapy intensity. Initiated in 1990, the DPV program is an ongoing, prospective long-term longitudinal follow-up study to benchmark the quality of care provided to pediatric and, more recently, adult diabetes patients. Two hundered two German diabetes centers participated in nationwide data collection. Based on ethnicity and the availability of menarche and T1DM onset data as the main inclusion criteria, 643 young German women were selected from 11,629 female T1DM patients aged <20 years, recruited by referral, clinic or hospital ascertainment, or self report. Mean age at menarche (+/-SD) was 13.22 +/- 1.31 years, representing a delay of 0.52 years (p < 0.001) relative to the general population. Significant delay (p < 0.05) was also found for relative T1DM duration, BMI SD score, insulin dose, and HbA1c level, with a 1% increase in HbA1c resulting in a delay in menarche by 0.07 years. CONCLUSIONS: Age at menarche is delayed in type 1 diabetes mellitus. The delay increases with relative T1DM duration and poor quality of glycemic control. FAU - Rohrer, Tilman
Proinsulin and the proinsulin/insulin ratio in overweight and obese children and adolescents: relation to clinical parameters, insulin resistance, and impaired glucose regulation.$$$ BACKGROUND: In adults with impaired glucose regulation (IGR) or type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), proinsulin (PI) and its ratio to insulin (ins; PI/I ratio) are frequently elevated. OBJECTIVE: Here we assessed the relationship among fasting PI, clinical parameters, and carbohydrate metabolism, a potential difference of the PI/I ratio between overweight and obese youth with or without IGR in an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and the predictive power of PI levels for IGR. DESIGN AND PATIENTS: In a cross-sectional study, data of n = 259 children and adolescents attending our obesity clinic were studied. METHODS: Fasting PI levels were determined in all patients and matched to the standard assessment of obesity. In n = 154 subjects at risk for T2DM, an OGTT was performed sampling for glucose, ins, and PI. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: ins, glucose, PI, PI/I ratio, insulin resistance [homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR)]. RESULTS: Puberty (by Tanner) and relative body weight [body mass index (BMI)-standard deviation of BMI (SDS)] showed a linear relationship to fasting PI levels (p < 0.001 for Tanner I vs. II-V; p = 0.04 and p = 0.026 for BMI-SDS < 2 vs. 2-2.5 and 2-2.5 vs. > 2.5, respectively). Subjects with ins resistance (HOMA-IR > 95th percentile, n = 140) had higher fasting PI levels than those without (p < 0.001), with no significant difference in fasting PI/I ratio (p > 0.05). As compared to subjects with normal glucose regulation, subjects with IGR (n = 35) had higher fasting PI (p = 0.001) and an increased PI/I ratio, both during fasting and at 30 min during OGTT (p = 0.049 and p = 0.014, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Children and adolescents with IGR have disproportionately elevated PI levels, both during fasting and after acute glucose stimulation indicating β-cell dysfunction.
Bone density, body composition, and markers of bone remodeling in type 1 diabetic patients.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess bone mineral density (BMD), body composition by dual X-ray absorptiometry (DXA), and various biochemical markers of bone growth and resorption in a group of children with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). PATIENTS AND METHODS: The study included 47 patients with T1DM and 30 age- and sex-matched controls. Anthropometric measurements, biochemical markers for bone formation, bone resorption and DXA were done for all patients and controls. RESULTS: Of our diabetes patients, seven (16.7 %), three (7.3 %), and 17 (41.5%) met diagnostic criteria for osteopenia at the right femur, lumbar spine and total body, respectively. On the other hand, osteoporosis as defined by the WHO criteria was diagnosed in 21 patients (51.2%) at the total body by DXA. Lean body mass and lean fat ratio were lower, while, total fat mass, abdominal fat%, soft tissue fat mass%, and fat/lean ratio were higher in diabetics compared to controls. Also, our patients showed lower serum osteocalcin, osteoprotegerin, procollagen type 1, and higher urinary deoxypyridinoline. Pubertal (diabetics and controls) have higher BMD and BMC than prepubertal. CONCLUSION: Diabetic patients had a low BMD after adjustment (Z score), low bone formation and high bone resorption markers. Diabetes control and increase in BMI leads to a decrease in the incidence of low bone mineral density. Diabetes causes an increase in body fat especially abdominal fat which leads to an increase in insulin resistance and decrease in lean mass. FAU - Abd El Dayem, Soha M
Body image mediates negative family climate and deteriorating glycemic control for single adolescents with type 1 diabetes.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Glycemic control declines during adolescence, as youth with diabetes struggle with pubertal changes and a changing social world. The present study tests whether body image mediates longitudinal links between family climate and changes in adolescent glycemic control. Mediation was hypothesized for nondating adolescents but not for dating adolescents, because the former are thought to remain more family oriented than the latter. METHOD: Participants were German adolescents with Type 1 diabetes (51 girls, 58 boys; M = 15.84 years, SD = 1.44). Participants reported body image and family climate. Physicians assayed blood HbA1c levels (M = 8.22%, SD = 1.80%) to measure glycemic control. RESULTS: For nondating adolescents, body image mediated associations between family climate and longitudinal changes in glycemic control. Poorer family climate was associated with poorer body image, which predicted deteriorating glycemic control. For dating adolescents, family climate was unassociated with changes in glycemic control. DISCUSSION: Nondating adolescents may look to parents for feedback on body image, which affects how they manage the challenges of diabetes. Parents and practitioners alike should be alert to the fact that family climate continues to be an important determinant of adolescent adjustment, particularly for those who have not moved into romantic relationships. We know that body image matters to adolescents, but for some youth, body image may be the difference between health and serious physical problems. (PsycINFO Database Record
Glycemic control and development of retinopathy in youth-onset insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Results of a 12-year longitudinal study.$$$ BACKGROUND: In 1979, the authors began a prospective study of the natural history of retinopathy in youth-onset insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM). Their major goal was to determine if there was an association between glycemic control and the development and progression of retinopathy. METHODS: The study consisted of 420 individuals with IDDM (onset younger than 20 years of age) and no retinopathy at baseline. Study subjects were enrolled between 1979 and 1988. Stereo color fundus photographs were obtained annually. Two eye endpoints were recorded: duration when retinopathy was first detected, and when proliferative retinopathy was detected. Glycemic control was assessed by quarterly determinations of glycohemoglobin (GHb). Life-table analyses were performed relating duration of diabetes, sex, GHb, and age of diabetes onset to development of retinopathy. RESULTS: Retinopathy did not develop before 2 years' duration or before puberty. The prevalence of retinopathy was 50% by 9 years' duration and 100% by 20 years' duration. Retinopathy developed in females approximately 2 years sooner than in males, but plotting duration as postpubertal years resulted in nearly identical rates. Retinopathy developed significantly earlier in subjects with prepubertal onset of diabetes than in subjects with postpubertal onset if duration was plotted as postpubertal years. When separated into three groups based on GHb levels (< 7.5%, 7.5%-9%, > 9%), retinopathy developed approximately 2 years later in subjects in the less than 7.5% GHb group than those in the higher GHb groups. Proliferative retinopathy developed in 11 subjects. Their mean GHb level was higher than the mean GHb for those without proliferative retinopathy (10.9 versus 8.6%; P < 0.01). The higher the level of GHb, the sooner proliferative changes were detected. CONCLUSION: Long-term glycemic control is significantly related to both development and progression of retinopathy. Prepubertal duration of diabetes is a significant risk factor for the development of retinopathy. FAU - Goldstein, D E
Contributions of age, gender and insulin administration to weight gain in subjects with IDDM.$$$ Overweight in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) has been repeatedly reported, especially in girls during adolescence. Potential pathophysiologic factors include tight metabolic control, insulin dose, treatment regimen, puberty and genetics. A standardized data-base from all IDDM patients treated at our institution was evaluated. IDDM patients with hypothyroidism or celiac's disease as well as all records from the first year of diabetes were excluded, resulting in a total of 427 patients (2454 patient-years) available for analysis. BMI and SD-score for BMI based on the Zurich longitudinal growth study were evaluated. Standardized BMI was higher in pubertal children ( + 1.07+/-0.06) compared to prepubertal children (+ 0.68+/-0.07; p < 0.002). This increase was present both for boys and girls. Increasing overweight during puberty was found irrespective of the age at diagnosis of diabetes (prepubertal or pubertal). The daily dose of insulin and the long-term metabolic control had only a minor impact on the development of overweight. In contrast, in pubertal children, SDS-BMI was significantly higher in patients on intensified insulin regimens (3 or 4 daily injections) compared to patients with 2 injections (p < 0.05). These data demonstrate that both boys as well as girls with IDDM develop overweight during puberty. Multiple injection therapy, not daily dose of insulin or the level of metabolic control achieved, was the main predictor of weight gain. This finding may be explained by increased caloric intake due to the flexibility allowed by intensified treatment. FAU - Holl, R W
Contribution of diabetes duration before puberty to development of microvascular complications in IDDM subjects.$$$ The contribution of diabetes duration, both pre- and postpuberty, to the development of microvascular complications and mortality in diabetic subjects was investigated in three study populations from the Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh Insulin-Dependent Diabetes Mellitus (IDDM) Registry. Life-table analyses by total and postpubertal IDDM duration were used to evaluate differences in the prevalence of microvascular complications and diabetes-related mortality in subjects diagnosed before and during puberty, as defined by an age at IDDM onset marker of 11 yr for girls and 12 yr for boys. The prevalence of retinopathy and overt nephropathy in 552 White adult diabetic subjects (population 1, mean IDDM duration 20.8 yr was significantly greater in subjects diagnosed during puberty compared with those diagnosed before puberty. However, similar analyses by postpubertal duration showed no difference in microvascular complication prevalence between the two groups. These findings did not appear to be due to a confounding effect of age. Additional analyses of 239 adolescent diabetic subjects (population 2, mean duration 8.3 yr) revealed the same trend for the prevalence of retinopathy. Finally, results concerning the risk of diabetes-related mortality in a cohort of 1582 subjects (population 3, mean duration 12.9 yr) indicated that postpubertal duration of IDDM may be a more accurate determinant of the development of microvascular complications and diabetes-related mortality than total duration, and it is suggested that the contribution of the prepubertal years of diabetes to long-term prognosis may be minimal. FAU - Kostraba, J N
The significance of the prepubertal diabetes duration for the development of retinopathy and nephropathy in patients with type 1 diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: A Danish nationwide prospective cohort of children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes was followed for 8 years to study the effect of the prepubertal duration of diabetes on early retinopathy and elevated albumin excretion rate (AER) (>20 microg/min). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In 1989, blood glucose control (HbA(1c)) and AER was investigated in approximately 80% of all Danish children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes. A cohort of 339 young patients were restudied in 1995 including physical examination, demographic data, HbA(1c), AER, and fundus photography with central reading. Among the patients, a number of 304 had a prepubertal onset of diabetes defined as an onset age less than 11.7 years in girls and 12.9 years in boys. Microalbuminuria was defined as an AER of 20-150 microg min(-1) and macroalbuminuria as AER >150 microg min(-1) in two out of three timed overnight urine samples. RESULTS: At the follow-up in 1995-1996, no patients were younger than 12 years of age. The prevalence of any level of retinopathy was 17.7% in the age group 12-15 years, 45.4% from 16 to 20 years, and increased to 67.6% in patients more than 20 years of age. Diabetic retinopathy was significantly associated to poor long-term metabolic control (HbA(1c)) (P<.0001) and to diabetes duration both in patients with a prepubertal onset of disease as well as patients with a pubertal (P<.001) onset of disease. However, the pubertal diabetes duration contributed two times more than the prepubertal diabetes duration. Mean postpubertal diabetes duration to any retinopathy was significantly shorter (9.4 years) in patients with prepubertal onset of the disease compared to patients with postpubertal onset (11.8 years) (P=.0004). In total, the prevalence of elevated AER (>20 microg/min) increased from 4% in 1989 to 13% in 1995. None of the patients younger than 15 years of age had elevated AER, while the prevalence of elevated AER was about 14% from 15 years of age and onwards. Elevated AER in 1995 was significantly related to long-term metabolic control (P<.001) and elevated AER in the preceding years (P<.001) but was not correlated to diabetes duration neither before nor after the age of 12 years. CONCLUSION: The prepubertal diabetes duration is significantly associated with the development of diabetic retinopathy. The period, however, contributes less compared to the years after puberty. In concert with other studies, we found no association between raised AER and diabetes duration. This may be explained by the fact that other factors are more significant and dilute the significance of diabetes duration. Nonetheless, it seems prudent to optimise blood glucose control irrespective of age. FAU - Olsen, Birthe S
The association of increased total glycosylated hemoglobin levels with delayed age at menarche in young women with type 1 diabetes.$$$ CONTEXT: Delayed menarche is associated with subsequent reproductive and skeletal complications. Previous research has found delayed growth and pubertal maturation with type 1 diabetes and poor glycemic control. The effect of diabetes management on menarche is important to clarify, because tighter control might prevent these complications. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to investigate age at menarche in young women with type 1 diabetes and examine the effect of diabetes management [e.g. total glycosylated hemoglobin (GHb) level, number of blood glucose checks, insulin therapy intensity, and insulin dose] on age at menarche in those diagnosed before menarche. DESIGN: The Wisconsin Diabetes Registry Project is a follow-up study of a type 1 diabetes population-based incident cohort initially enrolled between 1987 and 1992. SETTING: This study was performed in 28 counties in south-central Wisconsin. PATIENTS OR OTHER PARTICIPANTS: The study participants were recruited through referrals, self-report, and hospital/clinic ascertainment. Individuals with newly diagnosed type 1 diabetes, less than 30 yr old, were invited to participate. Of 288 young women enrolled, 188 reported menarche by 2002; 105 were diagnosed before menarche. INTERVENTIONS: There were no interventions. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: The main outcome measure was age at menarche. RESULTS: Mean age at menarche was 12.78 yr, compared with 12.54 yr in the United States (P = 0.01). Ages at menarche and diagnosis were not associated. For those diagnosed before menarche, age at menarche was delayed 1.3 months with each 1% increase in mean total GHb level in the 3 yr before menarche. CONCLUSIONS: Age at menarche was moderately delayed in young women with type 1 diabetes. Delayed menarche could potentially be minimized with improved GHb levels. FAU - Danielson, Kirstie K
Increased height in diabetes mellitus corresponds to the predicted and the adult height.$$$ This study was conducted to analyse the effect of childhood-onset diabetes mellitus on adult height. The height at time of diagnosis of 35 children with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) was compared with growth reference data. Predictions of the adult height were made at the time of diagnosis using the target height and the Tanner-Whitehouse II method. The adult height was compared with both the predicted values and the height of healthy adults. The height at time of diagnosis of the prepubertal children was increased compared with growth reference data, in contrast to pubertal children who had normal heights. Only the prepubertal boys were taller at time of diagnosis. The adult height of the prepubertal patients was taller than growth reference data. The mean adult height in all patients did not differ significantly from the predicted heights. In conclusion, the increased height at the start of IDDM in prepubertal children persists until adulthood. FAU - Scheffer-Marinus, P D
Insulin sensitivity from preschool to school age in patients with severe obesity.$$$ BACKGROUND: Insulin sensitivity decreases at puberty transition, but little information has been provided on its earlier time-course. Aim of the present study was to describe the time-course of insulin sensitivity in severely obese children at the transition from preschool to school age. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Retrospective study of a cohort of 47 severely obese [Body Mass Index (BMI) ≥99° percentile] preschoolers evaluated twice, once between 2 and 6 years of age, and once before age 8. Glucose tolerance, Whole Body Insulin Sensitivity Index (WBISI), Insulinogenic Index (IGI); β-cell demand index (BCDI) and Insulin Secretion-Sensitivity Index 2 (ISSI-2) were longitudinally estimated during the oral glucose tolerance test. RESULTS: After a median follow-up of 2.23 (1-4.52) y, obese patients showed significant decrease in WBISI (p<0.0001), and increase in fasting (p = 0.005) and 2 h glucose (2HG, p = 0.001). One child in preschool age and 4 school age children presented with 2HG between 7.8-11.1 mmol/l. Best predictors of WBISI, 2HG and BCDI in the school age were changes in BMI z-score (R(2) = 0.309; p = 0.002; β = -0.556), ISSI-2 (R(2) = 0.465; p<0.0001; β = -0.682), and BMI z-score (R(2) = 0.246; p = 0.008; 0.496), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: In morbidly obese children, insulin sensitivity seems to decline even before pubertal transition, but changes in total adiposity can only partially explain this variation. FAU - Manco, Melania
Severe hypoglycaemia in children and adolescents during multiple-dose insulin therapy.$$$ Episodes of severe hypoglycaemia, resulting in coma and/or convulsions, were documented in an unselected, population-based group of 376 children and adolescents with Type 1 diabetes mellitus (Type 1 DM) treated at the Aurora Hospital, City of Helsinki. A prospective study in 1994-95 yielded 493 patient-years and a retrospective study in 1990-93, 904 patient-years of data. Of these patients, 77-85% received insulin in three or more daily doses. During 1990-95, 43 patients had a total of 48 severe hypoglycaemic episodes. For each episode (n = 48), one control Type 1 DM patient who had never experienced any severe hypoglycaemia, matched by age, diabetes duration and puberty, was sought from the study population. Incidence of severe hypoglycaemia was 3.1/100 patients years prospectively and 3.6/100 retrospectively. At the time of the episode, median age was 13.3 (range 2.2-21) years, and median diabetes duration 6.1 (0.5-14.6) years. Rates were similar in different age groups (< 6, 6-12.9 and > or = 13 years). A potential explanation for the hypoglycaemia was found in 79% of the episodes. Insulin dose was higher (p = 0.04) and HbA1c lower (p = 0.005) in patients with severe hypoglycaemia than in controls. In conclusion, multiple-dose insulin therapy in young patients with Type 1 DM can be associated with a low rate of severe hypoglycaemia. The majority of such episodes seem to be preventable. FAU - Tupola, S
Bone metabolism is linked to disease duration and metabolic control in type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ This cross-sectional study analyzed bone mineral density (BMD) in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM1) and its relationship with metabolic control, duration of disease and bone markers. METHODS: Forty-four children and adolescents with DM1 (age 8.8+/-4.4 years, disease duration 6.6+/-3.9 years) and 22 healthy children were assessed for BMD of the lumbar spine (L1-L4) by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry; osteocalcin (OC) and carboxy-terminal telopeptide (CTX) were measured in the study group. RESULTS: The BMD was similar in subjects with (-1.15+/-1.2 S.D.) and without DM1 (-0.85+/-0.88 S.D., p=0.25). After adjustment for weight, height and pubertal development, the BMD was <-2.0 S.D. in only two diabetic patients (4.5%). Bone area (BA) was inversely correlated with the duration of diabetes (p=0.03) and HbA1c (p=0.02). In girls, who presented a worse HbA1c than boys (p<0.01), BMD was inversely correlated with HbA1c (p=0.05). OC and CTX levels were higher in boys (p<0.01) and both inversely correlated with pubertal development (p=0.01), but not with BMD. CONCLUSIONS: Children and adolescents with DM1 have normal bone mass in the lumbar spine. However, longer diabetes duration and poor metabolic control may have a negative impact on bone mass, requiring further investigation through longitudinal studies. FAU - Brandao, Flavia R
Risk factors for type 2 diabetes in a sixth- grade multiracial cohort: the HEALTHY study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: HEALTHY is a 3-year middle school intervention program designed to reduce risk factors for type 2 diabetes. The prevalence of diabetes risk factors at baseline in a cohort of 6,358 sixth-grade students is reported. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Forty-two schools at seven U.S. sites were randomly assigned to intervention or control. Students participated in baseline data collection during fall of 2006. RESULTS: Overall, 49.3% of children had BMI >or=85th percentile, 16.0% had fasting blood glucose >or=100 mg/dl (<1% had fasting blood glucose >or=126 mg/dl), and 6.8% had fasting insulin >or=30 microU/ml. Hispanic youth were more likely to have BMI, glucose, and insulin levels above these thresholds than blacks and whites. CONCLUSIONS: Sixth-grade students in schools with large minority populations have high levels of risk factors for type 2 diabetes. The HEALTHY intervention was designed to modify these risk factors to reduce diabetes incidence.
Menarcheal timing in intensively treated girls with type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIM: Previous studies on menarcheal age (MA) in type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) have shown conflicting results about the effects of DM, but most lack a control group. The present study design is peculiar in that it covers a study population of 73 intensively treated menarcheal adolescents with premenarcheal onset of T1DM (Group A), whose MA was compared with that recorded in three control populations: the first one consisting of 280 healthy adolescents, the second one consisting of 20 T1DM adolescents with postmenarcheal DM onset (Group B) and the third one represented by the respective mothers. METHODS AND RESULTS: MA of Group A patients was significantly delayed when compared with the respective mothers, healthy controls and Group B patients. By contrast MA of Group B girls was superimposable to the one of both their respective mothers and healthy controls. In Group A MA was strongly related (p<0.0005) to HbA1c at the time of menarche and to average HbA1c concentrations during the last years before menarche. In Group A no relationship between patients' and mothers' MAs was found, whilst such a correlation was significant in Group B. CONCLUSIONS: (a) MA is significantly delayed in girls with premenarcheal presentation of T1DM, even if intensively treated; (b) menarcheal retardation is more severe in the patients with suboptimal metabolic control at the time of menarche; and (c) MA in premenarcheal presenting T1DM is irrespective of maternal MA, age and HbA1c concentrations at DM presentation, body mass index and daily insulin dose at menarche. FAU - Lombardo, Fortunato
One-year follow-up of untreated obese white children and adolescents with impaired glucose tolerance: high conversion rate to normal glucose tolerance.$$$ AIMS: Impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) is regarded at risk factor for later diabetes. The aim of this study was to identify predictive factors for outcome of IGT in obese children and adolescents. METHODS: We prospectively examined 79 obese white children and adolescents (mean age 13.1 +/- 2.1 years, 51% female, 76% pubertal) with IGT. Anthropometrics, 2-h glucose in oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), fasting glucose, insulin, insulin resistance index homeostasis model assessment (HOMA), glycated haemoglobin (HbA(1c)), lipids, blood pressure, waist circumference and pubertal stage were determined at baseline and 1 year later. RESULTS: At follow-up, 32% of the children continued to have IGT, 66% converted to normal glucose metabolism, one child had impaired fasting glucose and one child developed Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Children with improvement of IGT had significantly lower weight, waist circumference, triglycerides, 2-h glucose during OGTT and HbA(1c) at baseline compared with children who continued to have IGT. In the children whose glucose tolerance became normal, weight fell, and serum insulin concentrations, HOMA, lipids and blood pressure improved. They were also more likely to enter the late or post-pubertal stage than children who continued to have IGT. CONCLUSIONS: Predictive factors for the frequent normalization of IGT in obese children and adolescents were lower weight, HbA(1c) and 2-h glucose levels in OGTT at baseline, as well as a reduction of weight and entering late puberty stages during follow-up. Cardiovascular risk factors and HOMA improved along with the improvement of IGT, supporting an association between IGT, insulin resistance and features of the metabolic syndrome. FAU - Kleber, M
Noncompartmental pharmacokinetics analysis of glucose-stimulated insulin response in African-American and Caucasian youths.$$$ The objective of this study was to examine the differences in glucose and insulin responses between African-American and Caucasian youths and to determine the associations of between-group differences with sex, body mass index (BMI) and pubertal status using a noncompartmental pharmacokinetic approach. Sixteen African-American and 22 Caucasian healthy adolescents were tested using the frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test. Longitudinal t-tests across each observation revealed that (1) African-American youths have higher insulin concentrations between 4 to 19 min; (2) insulin levels remained similar as subjects were grouped according to sex and pubertal status; (3) for glucose, the only difference was found as it approached steady-state basal level (>100 min) between groups with different BMIs. Linear regression showed that insulin concentrations between 4 to 19 min are associated with BMI in Caucasians. African-American youths were found to have higher insulin responses after glucose stimulation and the insulin concentrations were more related to BMI in Caucasians compared with African-Americans. BMI also has a significant effect on the glucose steady state basal level. The acute insulin response to glucose (AIR(g)) extended to 20 min resulted in a more significant racial difference (p<0.0006) compared with the calculation done over 10 min suggested in the past (p<0.001). FAU - Xie, Lanyi
Oestradiol levels may differ between premenopausal women, ages 18-50, with type 1 diabetes and matched controls. LID - 10.1002/dmrr.2829 [doi]$$$ BACKGROUND: This study aimed to investigate whether oestradiol differs between premenopausal women with and without type 1 diabetes and whether levels are associated with such factors as age, reproductive history or diabetes management. METHODS: Oestradiol in premenopausal women with type 1 diabetes (n = 89; age = 18-50 years; duration = 13-18 years) and age-matched/race-matched controls without diabetes (n = 76) was collected during a cross-sectional ancillary study of the Wisconsin Diabetes Registry Study, a population-based incident cohort. Total and bioavailable oestradiol and sex hormone-binding globulin were compared using multivariable regression (e.g. adjusting for reproductive history). RESULTS: Adjusted mean total and bioavailable oestradiol did not differ overall by diabetes status (p ≥ 0.74), while adjusted mean sex hormone-binding globulin was higher in type 1 diabetes women (p = 0.02). However, only in women with type 1 diabetes and not controls (interaction p = 0.0005) was total oestradiol positively associated with the duration of reproductive years with unsuppressed ovarian function (UnsuppOvFx = years since menarche minus years on hormonal contraceptives/pregnant/breastfeeding). When stratified into less than/equal to or greater than the median 9 years' duration of UnsuppOvFx, compared with controls, women with type 1 diabetes had significantly lower total oestradiol in the ≤9 years group [β = -43.2 pg mL(-1) (-158.6 pmol L(-1) ), p = 0.04] and significantly higher total oestradiol in the >9 years group [β = 53.9 pg mL(-1) (197.9 pmol L(-1) ), p = 0.04]. Results remained consistent during additional statistical adjustments and sensitivity analyses. CONCLUSIONS: Compared with controls, women with type 1 diabetes may have lower oestradiol when they have a shorter duration of UnsuppOvFx and higher oestradiol when they have a longer duration of UnsuppOvFx. Given the potential effects of insulin on ovarian function, oestradiol production may vary across the lifespan for women with type 1 diabetes. Copyright © 2016 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Body mass, plasma leptin, glucose, insulin and C-peptide in offspring of diabetic and non-diabetic mothers.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim was to investigate the relationship between body mass index (BMI), plasma leptin, glucose, insulin and C-peptide levels in the offspring of diabetic mothers (DM) and non-diabetic healthy mothers (HM). DESIGN: Seventy-two offspring (37 girls and 35 boys, age 4-20 years) of DM were investigated in a prospective study. Those 14-16 years old (Tanner stage II-IV) were compared with age-matched offspring of HM (33 girls and 33 boys). RESULTS: BMI strongly correlated with plasma leptin concentration in the offspring of both DM and HM children. There were higher BMI and plasma leptin and glucose levels in DM than in HM children. There was no difference in plasma insulin or C-peptide levels between HM and age-matched DM children. There was a highly significant positive correlation between plasma leptin and C-peptide in boys of DM. CONCLUSIONS: The higher plasma leptin found in the offspring of DM reflects their higher BMI. A moderately high but still normal glycemia might be a preclinical sign of insulin resistance or other disturbance of glucoregulation. FAU - Kostalova, L
Elevated vibration perception threshold in young patients with type 1 diabetes in comparison to non-diabetic children and adolescents.$$$ The vibration perception threshold (VPT) was investigated by biothesiometry in 61 children (28 boys) with Type 1 diabetes, mean age 15.5 (range 10-21) years, duration of diabetes 6.9 (range 1-19) years, and in 76 healthy children (39 males), mean age 13.8 (range 10-19) years. The measurements were performed in triplicate on the right second finger and on the right first toe. The vibration perception threshold was significantly increased (p < 0.0001) in the young diabetic patients (mean +/- SD, finger 4.1 +/- 1.1 V, toe: 5.7 +/- 1.3 V) compared to healthy children (finger 3.4 +/- 0.9 V, toe: 3.6 +/- 1.3 V). Twenty percent of adolescents with Type 1 diabetes had a VPT above the 95th percentiles (finger: 5 V, toe 6.5 V) for normal control children. In healthy controls a significant correlation (r = 0.27, p < 0.01) was found for VPT in finger versus toe. This relationship was not significant in the diabetic group and may be due to reduced sensitivity of the fingertips caused by frequent blood glucose testing. Age, Tanner stage and height were significantly correlated to VPT (toe) in both diabetic and normal boys, while duration of diabetes, HbA1c, arterial blood-pressure and body mass index were not significantly associated with VPT in any of the groups. The results indicate that changes in VPT appears early in childhood and emphasize a need for further studies of subclinical neuropathy in young patients with Type 1 diabetes. FAU - Olsen, B S
Insulin resistance is not associated with thermogenic effect of a high-fat meal in obese children.$$$ In adults, insulin resistance may decrease the thermogenic effect of food, contributing to weight gain. We aimed to determine the effect of insulin resistance on energy expenditure in children with long-standing obesity. We hypothesized that thermogenic effect of food would decrease with increasing insulin resistance. Energy expenditure was measured using whole room indirect calorimetry in obese children 7 to 18 years old. Participants were fed a high-fat meal with energy content equal to 35% of measured resting energy expenditure. Thermogenic effect of food was measured for 180 minutes posttest meal and expressed as a percent of calories consumed. Body composition was assessed using whole-body dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry. Fasting glucose, insulin, and hemoglobin A1C were measured. Complete data were available for 25 children (median age, 12.1 years; 52% male). As expected, a significant decrease in resting energy expenditure was observed with increasing Tanner stage (P = .02 by Kruskal-Wallis test). Insulin sensitivity, as determined by homeostasis model assessment index equation, did not significantly affect resting energy expenditure (P = .3) or thermogenic effect of food (P = .7) after adjustment for Tanner stage. In conclusion, our study did not find an association between insulin resistance and energy expenditure in obese children.
Adolescent and young adult female determinants of visceral adipose tissue at ages 26-28 years.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess adolescent and young adult determinants of visceral adipose tissue (VAT) at ages 26-28 years. STUDY DESIGN: Prospective study (ages 9-28 years) of cardiometabolic measures, menarche age, menses irregularities, metabolic syndrome, impaired fasting glucose-type 2 diabetes mellitus, and VAT in 400 girls (248 black, 152 white). RESULTS: Adolescent (age 14-19) independent variables for greater VAT at ages 26-28 included larger mean waist circumference (partial R(2) = 30.8%), earlier age at menarche (0.9%), and white race (1.8%). Young adult (ages 20-28 years) independent variables for greater VAT included larger mean waist circumference (partial R(2) = 61.7%), greater triglyceride levels (3.3%), lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (1.0%), and greater insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment-estimated insulin resistance; 0.4%). Independent variables for greater VAT when both adolescent and young adult variables were used included waist (tertile rank change from adolescence to young adulthood, partial R(2) = 58.3%), greater young adult triglyceride levels (4.4%), white race (1.8%), greater young adult homeostasis model assessment-estimated insulin resistance (age 20-28, 2.4%), and earlier menarche age (0.7%). Menses irregularities were not independently associated with young adult VAT. CONCLUSIONS: Adolescent girls with early menarche and larger waist circumference should be targets for primary prevention of accretion of VAT. In young adulthood, VAT is associated with dysregulated cardiometabolic profiles, which is greater for those with waist circumference increases from adolescence to adulthood. Waist circumference during young adulthood, and to a lesser degree during adolescence, is an inexpensive surrogate for VAT at ages 26-28 years.
High normal fasting glucose level in obese youth: a marker for insulin resistance and beta cell dysregulation.$$$ AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: A high but normal fasting plasma glucose level in adults is a risk factor for future development of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. We investigated whether normal fasting plasma glucose levels (<5.60 mmol/l) are associated with decreases in insulin sensitivity and beta cell function, as well as an adverse cardiovascular profile in obese youth. METHODS: We performed a cross-sectional analysis in a multiethnic sample of 1,020 obese youth (614 girls and 406 boys; mean age 12.9 years [CI 95% 12.7-13.1], BMI z score 2.34 [CI 95% 2.31-2.38]) with normal fasting plasma glucose. All participants had a standard OGTT, with calculation of indices of insulin sensitivity and beta cell function. For the analysis, prepubertal and pubertal participants were stratified into quartiles of normal fasting plasma glucose. RESULTS: We observed a significant increase in fasting insulin and AUC 2 h glucose across quartiles. Pronounced changes were observed in insulin sensitivity and secretion, particularly in the pubertal group. Moreover, the odds of presenting with impaired glucose tolerance increased by 4.5% with each 0.06 mmol/l increase in fasting plasma glucose. No significant differences in cardiovascular indices were seen across quartiles. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: These data suggest that in obese youth, independent of age, BMI z score, sex, family history and ethnicity, insulin sensitivity and secretion decline when moving from low to high normal fasting plasma glucose. The simple measure of fasting plasma glucose could assist clinicians in identifying children for targeted diabetes screening and subsequent lifestyle management. FAU - O'Malley, G
Predictors of metabolic control at one year in a population of pediatric patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a retrospective study.$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The rising prevalence of pediatric type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM2) and non-adherence to diabetes regimens pose challenges to obtaining optimal control. This study evaluated factors that may impact glycemic control (HbA1c): age, Tanner stage, body mass index (BMI), total daily insulin (TDD), metformin dose (MET), activity level, frequency of clinic visits and adherence. METHODS: One-year data from 72 patients (ages 8.6-17.8 years) were collected retrospectively. From that sample, 57 patients who continued to attend clinic for the entire year were assessed and divided into optimal and suboptimal HbA1c control groups. RESULTS: All factors measured were similar in the two groups, except for lower initial and 1.0-year HbA1c, TDD, and rates of missing MET and insulin in the optimal HbA1c control group. CONCLUSIONS: Initial glycemic status and adherence rate predicted metabolic control at one year. Early identification of DM2 may improve metabolic outcome, which may improve medical regimen adherence. FAU - Alemzadeh, Ramin
Longitudinal analysis of leptin variation during weight regain after weight loss in obese children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study assessed if lower than predicted serum leptin concentrations seen during weight loss persisted during weight regain, with possible implications for weight control. METHODS: 115 children were investigated during a 12-week weight loss program. 90 children completed the program, and 68 children entered a follow-up program spanning 28 months. Measurements were performed at baseline and day 82 as well as at months 10, 16, and 28. Height, weight, body composition, Tanner stages, testicular size, and serum concentrations of leptin, and insulin were measured at all time points. RESULTS: Children with the greatest increases in BMI standard deviation score (SDS) exhibited the largest leptin increments. The disproportionate reduction of leptin seen during weight loss recovered after weight loss. Leptin increases mirrored increases in BMI SDS during weight regain, and the leptin-BMI SDS relationship seen during follow-up resembled the baseline leptin-BMI SDS relationship. CONCLUSION: Proportional increases of leptin and BMI SDS during weight regain suggests an intact leptin response during re-accumulation of fat. Following the pronounced reduction of leptin during weight loss, leptin levels were restored during weight regain to an extent where leptin levels were comparable with those at baseline, which is indicative of an inefficient lipostatic control exerted by leptin during weight regain.
Effect of changes in fat distribution on the rates of change of insulin response in children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To develop mixed models for examining longitudinal associations between rates of change in visceral, subcutaneous abdominal, and total body fat with rates of change in fasting insulin (FI) and insulin sensitivity (SI) over 3 years in children. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Seventy-seven children (mean age, 8.3 years at baseline) from Birmingham, Alabama, with three or more annual measures of FI and SI were included. Abdominal fat was measured by computed tomography, and total body fat and lean tissue mass were measured by DXA. Mixed models examined the longitudinal associations between the baseline level/rate of change of different fat compartments and the rate of change in FI or SI. RESULTS: An annual increase of approximately 5% in FI was associated with 1 cm(2)/yr of visceral fat gain per year (p < 0.05), independent of subcutaneous abdominal fat. A 1-cm(2) difference in initial subcutaneous abdominal fat was associated with an approximately 0.2% increase per year in FI (p < 0.02), independent of visceral fat. None of the rates of change in any of the fat measures was associated with the rate of change of SI. DISCUSSION: The rate of change in visceral fat was positively associated with the rate of change in FI, independent of increasing subcutaneous abdominal fat; however, subcutaneous abdominal fat may be more predictive of the rate of change of FI than visceral or total fat. Therefore, growth-related increases in abdominal fat, particularly subcutaneous abdominal fat, may contribute to accelerating increases in FI, but have no effect on SI. FAU - Huang, Terry T-K
Development according to pubertal stage in Brazilian children and adolescents with short-term diabetes.$$$ The anthropometric status and metabolic control of 51 recently diagnosed Brazilian schoolchildren with type 1 diabetes (DM1), during the first 5 years of the disease, were compared with those of normal children (60 girls and 132 boys) belonging to the same environmental condition and pubertal stage. Metabolic control was evaluated on the basis of fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and HbA1c levels. The criteria of the National Center for Health Statistics were used for anthropometric evaluation. FPG (205 +/- 51 mg/dl for girls vs 200 +/- 34 mg/dl for boys) and % above upper normal limit of median HbA1c (1.8% for girls vs 2.5% for boys with diabetes) were not significantly different during follow-up. The Z-score of the last height evaluation was lower in the girls' group (-0.14 vs -0.53, P<0.05). By forward stepwise analysis, the Z-score of the initial height was statistically significant as a determinant factor for height at the end of the study in both girls and boys with DM1. The Z-score of weight at last evaluation was not different from that at diagnosis in either sex. However, analysis according to pubertal stage showed a tendency to a weight increase in the girls. The weight recovery and height loss in girls with DM1 follows the trend of the normal Brazilian population. FAU - Fernandes, V T
Relative leg length is associated with type 2 diabetes differently according to pubertal timing: the Brazilian longitudinal study of adult health.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Studies from developed societies have shown that individuals with short legs relative to height have higher risk of type 2 diabetes. This has been much less explored in less developed populations where influences on relative leg length and diabetes may differ. The Brazilian Longitudinal Study of Adult Health (in Portuguese, ELSA-Brasil) allows us to test, in a cohort born (1934-1975) and raised when undernutrition was common, whether short legs relative to height is positively associated with diabetes, independent of early-life factors, including birth weight, age at menarche, and young-adult BMI. METHODS: We used baseline, cross-sectional data from 15,105 participants aged 35-74 years participating in ELSA-Brasil. We created age-and-sex-specific Z scores for leg length index (leg length/height × 100) according to an external reference. Diabetes was defined by self-reported physician diagnosis, medication use, fasting and 2-h post-75-g-load glucose, and A1C. RESULTS: A one-unit decrement in leg-length-index Z score was associated with 12% (8-17%) higher prevalence of diabetes in Brazilian adults, after adjustment through Poisson regression for confounders, including race, maternal education, and birth weight. This association persisted after further adjustment for menarche age, BMI (at age 20), buttocks circumference, and waist circumference. It was stronger among women with early menarche (P interaction = 0.02). Leg length index was also inversely associated with fasting glucose, fasting insulin, 2-h glucose, and A1C (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: In contemporary Brazilian adults, short legs relative to height is positively associated with diabetes independent of measures of intrauterine growth, pubertal timing, and young-adult adiposity. This association is stronger in women with early menarche.
Influence of Adiposity, Physical Activity, Fitness, and Screen Time on Insulin Dynamics Over 2 Years in Children.$$$ IMPORTANCE: Despite extensive evidence showing that lifestyle habits play a critical role in preventing or delaying the onset of type 2 diabetes in adults, little is known regarding the impact of lifestyle habits on type 2 diabetes risk in childhood. OBJECTIVE: To assess whether adiposity, fitness, moderate-to-vigorous physical activity, and screen time predict insulin sensitivity or insulin secretion during a 2-year period in children with a family history of obesity. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This is a prospective longitudinal cohort study of 630 children, having at least 1 obese parent, recruited from schools in Quebec, Canada, between July 2005 and December 2008 in the Quebec Adipose and Lifestyle Investigation in Youth (QUALITY) cohort. Children were assessed at baseline (ages 8-10 years) and 2 years later. Fitness was measured by peak oxygen consumption, percentage of body fat (adiposity) by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, moderate-to-vigorous physical activity using accelerometry, and screen time by average daily hours of self-reported television, video game, or computer use. Regression models were adjusted for age, sex, season, and pubertal stage. The current analysis was completed in October 2015. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Insulin sensitivity was measured by the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance and an oral glucose tolerance test-based index (Matsuda insulin sensitivity index). Insulin secretion was measured using the area under the curve of insulin to glucose during the first 30 minutes of the oral glucose tolerance test and using the area under the curve of insulin to glucose over 2 hours. RESULTS: Of 630 children evaluated at baseline (mean [SD] age, 9.6 [0.9] years; 54.4% male; 56.2% normal weight, 19.2% overweight, and 22.7% obese), 564 were evaluated at 2-year follow-up. Adiposity and changes in adiposity were the central predictors of insulin dynamics over time. Every additional 1% of body fat at ages 8 to 10 years decreased insulin sensitivity by 2.9% (95% CI, -3.3% to -2.5%; P < .001) and led to a 0.5% (95% CI, 0.09% to 0.8%; P = .02) increased requirement in the area under the curve of insulin to glucose during the first 30 minutes of the oral glucose tolerance test 2 years later. Higher levels of moderate-to-vigorous physical activity and lower screen time appear to be beneficial to insulin sensitivity in part through their effect on adiposity levels. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Adiposity plays a determining role in cardiometabolic health at a young age. Public health strategies that promote healthy body weight, notably physical activity, need to target school-aged and possibly younger children. FAU - Henderson, Mélanie
Indications of low sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) in young females with type 1 diabetes, and an independent association to microalbuminuria.$$$ Sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) is normally decreased during puberty and inversely related to insulin resistance. Microalbuminuria is rare before puberty in Type 1 diabetes implicating that sex hormones may contribute to its development. We investigated SHBG levels in young females with > 5 years of Type 1 diabetes, and the association to microalbuminuria. Ten diabetic females with, and 15 without microalbuminuria, and 17 healthy controls in pubertal stage 4-5 were compared regarding anthropometric data, fasting serum levels of SHBG, testosterone, insulin, insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), lipids and lipoproteins. Multiple regression analyses were performed to study variables with independent influences on SHBG and albumin excretion rate (AER), respectively, in Type 1 diabetes. SHBG was lower and testosterone/SHBG ratio higher in normoalbuminuric females with diabetes than in controls. This was further emphasized in diabetic patients with microalbuminuria. IGF-1 was lower in Type 1 diabetes than in controls, and significantly decreased in microalbuminuric as compared to normoalbuminuric diabetic patients. IGF-1 was only correlated to SHBG in healthy controls. In Type 1 diabetes, applying stepwise multiple regression analysis, insulin dose, BMI, and HbA1c had a significant and independent inverse influence on SHBG (r2 = 0.77, p < 0.001). With log AER as the dependent variable, low SHBG, low IGF-1, HbA1c, and age added to the regression (r2 = 0.65, p = 0.004), whereas BMI, insulin dose and blood pressure did not. In conclusion, SHBG is decreased in young females with Type 1 diabetes, influenced by increased insulin requirements, BMI and HbA1c. In turn, low SHBG seems to be independently associated to elevated AER in these patients.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS) FAU - Rudberg, S
Metabolic syndrome in obese adolescents: what is enough?$$$ OBJECTIVE: To study the agreement among three distinct criteria for metabolic syndrome (MS) adapted to adolescents, and to identify associated factors for MS. METHODS: Cross-sectional study with 65 obese subjects aged 10 to 18 years, attended to at the Outpatient Clinic for Obese Children and Adolescents at the Clinical Hospital of the Universidade Estadual de Campinas (Unicamp). MS was defined using the criteria of the World Health Organization (WHO), the International Diabetes Federation (IDF), and the Adult Treatment Panel III (ATP III). Clinical, anthropometrical, and laboratorial data were associated to MS. RESULTS: From the 65 subjects, none had MS according to the WHO criteria, while 18 were diagnosed with MS (27.6%) according to the IDF, and 19 (29.2%) according to the ATP III. Agreement between IDF and ATP III was excellent (kappa 81%). In this study, puberty and triglycerides levels showed significant statistical difference when comparing subjects with and without MS, the first for ATP III (p = 0.03), and the second for IDF (p = 0.005) and ATP III (p = 0.001) criteria. CONCLUSION: The WHO criteria does not seem to be adequate for adolescents. IDF and ATP III criteria had an excellent agreement. Puberty and triglycerides were associated with MS. FAU - Sewaybricker, Leticia Esposito
Increased insulin sensitivity in young, growth hormone deficient children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Although growth hormone (GH) has well documented insulin antagonistic effects, GH deficient adults often demonstrate insulin resistance. In young GH deficient children, increased susceptibility to hypoglycaemia might indicate increased insulin sensitivity; however, this has not been documented. We therefore determined insulin sensitivity in GH deficient and GH sufficient children. DESIGN AND PATIENTS: Prospective study of children undergoing insulin tolerance tests for clinical investigation of GH or cortisol secretion at a regional Paediatric Endocrine/Growth Clinic between October 1986 and December 1997. Ninety-one tests were performed in children with GH deficiency and 142 tests in children with normal GH response to insulin (peak GH > or = 20 IU/l). MEASUREMENTS: The standard insulin tolerance test was modified to permit frequent measurements of glucose (0, 5, 10, 15, 20, 30, 45, 60 and 90 minutes). Rate of log glucose disappearance in the first 15 minutes was calculated as a direct measure of insulin sensitivity. RESULTS: GH deficient children were more insulin sensitive than GH sufficient children (P = 0.004) and had lower glucose nadirs post-insulin (P = 0.005). Subgroup analysis revealed that these differences were greater in younger (< 12 years old) or pre/early pubertal children. In 14 prepubertal children, exogenous sex steroid priming resulted in lower insulin sensitivity (P < 0.05) compared to nonprimed tests. CONCLUSIONS: Young GH deficient children were more insulin sensitive than children with normal GH secretion. This difference attenuated with age and puberty, possibly secondary to pubertal sex steroids; however, insulin resistance as reported in GH deficient adults, was not observed in adolescents. FAU - Husbands, S
Frequency of abnormal carbohydrate metabolism and diabetes in a population-based screening of adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To document the frequency of glucose intolerance in adolescents in a population-based study of primarily African-American/Non-Hispanic whites in an urban-suburban school district. STUDY DESIGN: Measurement of fasting and 2-hour post-glucose load plasma glucose concentrations. RESULTS: Carbohydrate intolerance (either impaired fasting glucose, impaired glucose tolerance, or both) was identified in 8.0%, near-diabetes (1 fasting glucose > or = 126 mg/dL [7.0 mmol/L] and/or 2-hour glucose > or = 200 mg/dL [11.1 mmol/L]) in 0.3%, and diabetes in 0.36% (type 1A = 0.24%; type 2 = 0.08%; undiagnosed type 2 = 0.04%). A model for abnormal carbohydrate metabolism was constructed with regression analysis in the Carbohydrate Intolerance (CI)/near-diabetes group and with logistic regression in the entire study population. Risk factors for the development of CI/near-diabetes included having a 1 unit increase in body mass index (BMI) z-score and either being non-Hispanic white or in the pubertal group. Increased fasting glucose correlated with having puberty and decreased BMI z-score, whereas 2-hour glucose correlated with increased BMI z-score. By using National Health and Nutrition Survey (NHANES) III (1988-1994) definitions, impaired fasting glucose was present in 2.0% in this study versus 1.7% (NHANES III). CONCLUSION: The prevalence of CI/near-diabetes was 8.3%. Undiagnosed diabetes mellitus was rare. One third of adolescents with diabetes mellitus could be classified as having type 2 diabetes mellitus. The adult model of the progression of insulin resistance to type 2 diabetes mellitus in adolescents may be valid. Despite the increase in the overweight population since NHANES III, abnormalities in glucose metabolism have not changed significantly. FAU - Dolan, Lawrence M
Longitudinal study of lipoprotein(a) in peripubertal children with insulin-dependent diabetes.$$$ We aimed to examine the longitudinal relationship between lipoprotein(a) and haemoglobin A1c, albumin excretion rate, and puberty in peripubertal children with insulin-dependent diabetes. A total of 114 patients aged 11.5 +/- 3.6 years (mean (SD)) were followed prospectively for 15.2 +/- 2.8 months. Lipoprotein(a), apolipoproteinB-100, haemoglobin A1c, mean overnight albumin excretion rate and Tanner stage were determined at the beginning and end of the study period. Lipoprotein(a) and apolipoproteinB-100 were measured using nephelometry. This method was correlated with radioimmunoassay and there was no significant change in mean bias during the study. Lipoprotein(a) fell significantly over time (214, (152, 276); 160 (84, 236) mg l-1 geometric mean (0.95 confidence intervals), p < 0.001); apolipoproteinB-100 did not change. Lipoprotein(a) and apolipoproteinB-100 did not differ in 233 cross-sectional controls of similar age. The change in lipoprotein(a) did not correlate with a small fall in haemoglobin A1c or with overnight albumin excretion rate, Tanner stage or insulin dose. Separate analysis of male and female patients and prepubertal and pubertal patients continued to show a significant fall in lipoprotein(a) independent of change in haemoglobin A1c or albumin excretion rate. Likewise, 53 patients with a change in haemoglobin A1c of greater than 1%, and 20 patients who progressed from normal albumin excretion rate to albumin excretion rate above the 95th centile, showed no relationship between lipoprotein(a) and haemoglobin A1c or albumin excretion rate. In conclusion, longitudinal changes in lipoprotein(a) do not relate to metabolic control or early changes in albuminuria in young patients with insulin-dependent diabetes. FAU - Couper, J J
Sex features at menarche in relation to gonadotropin, estradiol and sex hormone-binding globulin concentrations in girls with constitutional delay of puberty. Preliminary report.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Constitutional delay of puberty (CDP) is the absence of secondary sexual features in otherwise healthy girls past the 13th year of life. The aim of the present work was to follow the development of estrogen-dependent sexual features, determine the concentrations of gonadotropins, estradiol and sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) in girls with CDP at menarche and compare the findings with normal controls. METHODS: We enrolled 11 girls with CDP and 40 controls. Primary, secondary and tertiary sexual features were studied at menarche +/- 3 months. The size of the ovaries and uterus was measured using transabdominal ultrasound. Maturation of breasts and pubic hair was staged according to Tanner. Concentrations of gonadotropins (follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), luteinizing hormone) and estradiol were measured with immunoenzymatic methods. For measurement of SHBG, a radioimmunoassay was applied. RESULTS: Menarche in CDP girls usually appeared with Stage IV or V of breast development and Stage IV of pubic hair development according to Tanner. CDP girls demonstrated a significantly smaller volume of the uterine body at menarche compared with controls (p = 0.0004). Significantly lower levels of FSH (p = 0.0363) and estradiol (p = 0.0332), as well as a tendency towards lower levels of SHBG, were revealed in CDP girls at menarche. CONCLUSION: In CDP girls, menarche is accompanied by more mature tertiary sexual features, apparently resulting from longer exposure of estrogen-dependent tissues to the action of bioactive endogenous estrogens. The smaller volume of the uterine body in CDP girls at menarche may be attributed to decreased concentrations of FSH and estradiol, as well as to the possibility of decreased insulin-like growth factor-1 and increased neuropeptide Y levels. FAU - Błogowska, Anna
Glycemic control in familial vs. sporadic type 1 diabetes patients over 5 years.$$$ BACKGROUND: Studies have shown that familial type 1 diabetes patients (FTID) have less severe metabolic derangement at presentation compared to sporadic patients (ST1D), but data on long-term metabolic control are lacking. OBJECTIVE/HYPOTHESIS: (1) FT1D will have less severe presentation and better HbA1c over 5 years compared to ST1D; (2) HbA1c in the offspring will correlate with parent HbA1c in parent-offspring group; and (3) HbA1c of the second affected sibling (SP2) will correlate with the first affected sibling (SP1) in sib-pairs. METHODS: Cohort of 33 parent-offspring and 19 sib-pairs; controls included 33 sporadic subjects matched by age, sex, ethnicity, puberty, and insulin regimen. Paired t-test and Pearson's correlation were used for statistical analysis. RESULTS: At diagnosis, mean age in FT1D vs. matched ST1D (7.7±4.9 vs. 7.6±4.5 years), mean HbA1c (9.6% vs. 10.7%), HCO3 (21 vs. 18 meq/L), glucose (428 vs. 463 mg/dL) and pH (7.35 vs. 7.36; p=ns) were not different. At 5 years, HbA1c (8.9% vs. 8.8%; p=0.81), clinic visits (12 vs. 12.5, p=0.68) and emergency room visits (0.48 vs. 0.24, p=0.10) were not different. In affected siblings, only HCO3 was different (SP1:18 vs. SP2: 24 meq/L; p<0.01). HbA1c for SP2 correlated positively with SP1 (r=0.67, p<0.01). Offspring HbA1c correlated positively with affected parents (9.3% vs. 8.6%, r=0.57, p=0.18) but was not significant. CONCLUSION: Metabolic control at diagnosis and at 5 years was similar in FT1D and ST1D. In sib-pairs, the second affected sibling had milder clinical presentation compared to the first affected sibling. FAU - Reddy, Sujana
HbA1, height velocity and weight gain as indicators of metabolic control in type I diabetic children. A 5 year survey.$$$ The purpose of this study was to evaluate the metabolic control of the type I diabetic patients seen from 1984 to 1988. We analyzed the results of HbA1, height velocity and weight gain. Results showed that from 1984 1985 a 90% of diabetics were in poor metabolic control with HbA1 > 11% (good control < 11%). For 1988 the percentage of poor controlled patients descended to 78%. On the other hand, these patients observed a significant decrease in height velocity and weight gain compared with diabetics with HbA1 < 11% (p < 0.005 and p < 0.001). In addition, diabetics in poor metabolic control were under 10 and 3 number percentiles of the weight and growth diagrams. Finally, we found a significant correlation between HbA1 and height velocity as well as HbA1 and weight gain (r = -0.77 and r = -0.79; p < 0.001 for both). Our results showed that a great percent of our patients were in poor metabolic control with a decreased height velocity and weight gain. FAU - Arreola, F
Alterations in the programming of energy metabolism in adolescents with background exposure to dioxins, dl-PCBs and PBDEs.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Dioxins and PCBs are highly toxic and persistent environmental pollutants that are measurable in humans worldwide. These persistent organic pollutants are associated with a higher incidence of diabetes mellitus. We hypothesise that perinatal (background) exposure to industrial pollutants like dioxins also influences body mass development and energy metabolism in later life. STUDY DESIGN: In The Netherlands, the perinatal exposure (prenatal exposure and postnatal lactational intake) to dioxins has been studied prospectively since 1987. Fasting glucose, insulin, HbA1c and leptin were analysed in 33 children of the original cohort of 60. BMI, glucose:insulin and BMI:leptin ratios were calculated. Prenatal exposure, lactational intake and current serum levels of dioxins (PCDD/F), dl-PCBs and PBDE concentrations were determined using (HR)GC-MS. RESULTS: Prenatal dioxin (PCDD/F) exposure was positively correlated to the glucose:insulin ratio (p = 0.024) and negatively correlated to the fasting insulin concentration (p = 0.017) in adolescence. Postnatal lactational PCDD/F intake was also negatively correlated to fasting insulin concentration (p = 0.028). Current serum levels of PCDD/Fs and total TEQ (dl-PCBs+PCDD/Fs) were positively correlated to the fasting serum glucose concentration (p = 0.015 and p = 0.037, respectively).No metabolic effects were seen in association with current serum levels of PBDEs. A positive correlation between the insulin and leptin concentrations (p = 0.034) was observed. No effects were found on leptin levels, BMI:leptin ratio, HbA1c levels or BMI. DISCUSSION/CONCLUSION: This study indicates that prenatal and lactational exposure influences glucose metabolism in adolescents, presumably through a negative effect on insulin secretion by pancreatic beta cells. Additionally, the very low recent background exposure to dioxins in puberty possibly has an effect on the glucose level. FAU - Leijs, Marike M
Moderate deterioration in glucose tolerance during high-dose growth hormone therapy in glucocorticoid-treated patients with juvenile idiopathic arthritis.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To describe glucose metabolism changes during growth hormone (GH) treatment in juvenile idiopathic arthritis (JIA). STUDY DESIGN: Observational study in 58 children on glucocorticoid therapy (GC) for JIA, of whom 28 received late GH therapy (7.3 +/- 3.4 years into GC), 15 early GH therapy (1.2 +/- 0.1 years into GC), and 15 no GH therapy. The GH dose was 0.46 mg/kg/week. Oral glucose tolerance testing with insulin and glycosylated hemoglobin assays were performed yearly. Nonparametric tests were used to compare groups after 3 years and regression analyses to estimate factors predicting glucose AUC and HOMA-IR at baseline and after 3 years. RESULTS: GH combined with GC was associated with an increase in mean fasting insulinemia. Late GH therapy patients exhibited significant increases over time in mean fasting glycemia (p = 0.01), mean 2-hour postglucose load glycemia (p < 0.05), mean AUC for glucose (p < 0.05), and mean HOMA-IR (p < 0.05). Impaired glucose tolerance was found in 16/43 GH-treated patients (37%) and transient diabetes in 2 (5%) patients. CONCLUSIONS: GH treatment in JIA children decreased insulin sensitivity but had only modest effects on glucose tolerance. Close monitoring by oral glucose tolerance testing is crucial before and during GH treatment, particularly during puberty and relapses.
Biomedical and psychosocial predictors of early rehospitalization among children with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: a longitudinal study.$$$ The purpose of the present study was to determine the cumulative probability of the first diabetes-related rehospitalization within the initial 2.5 years after the onset of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) among newly diagnosed children, and to identify risk factors that can be determined shortly after IDDM-onset. The sample consisted of 88 children, 8 to 13 years old at the onset of IDDM, who had been participating in a longitudinal study. In this sample, there was a 0.25 cumulative probability of an early readmission. Poor control was the most frequent reason for readmissions. Four variables significantly increased the risk of early rehospitalization: severity of child's externalizing symptoms at IDDM-onset, lower socio-economic status, younger age at onset of IDDM, and higher levels of glycosylated haemoglobin, reflecting poorer metabolic control. Because externalizing symptoms and poor control are amenable to change, some early rehospitalizations can potentially be prevented. Furthermore, information about the risk of early rehospitalization should be part of initial diabetes education in order to better prepare families for the possibility of such an event. FAU - Charron-Prochownik, D
A retrospective study of growth hormone use in adolescents with cystic fibrosis.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Studies of growth hormone (GH) effectiveness in prepubertal children with cystic fibrosis (CF) have been published previously. We present a retrospective study of GH treatment in adolescents with CF. STUDY DESIGN: We performed a retrospective evaluation of data from 25 pubertal adolescents (ages 13 years 4 months to 16 years 11 months, Tanner stage III or IV). Thirteen (4 F) were followed for 1 year, then received 1 year of treatment with GH (GHTX). We compared the results with a 'control' group of 12 (4 F) whose growth was followed for 1 year (NonTX) but who were not treated with GH at the time of this review. Anthropometric data included: height, weight, lean tissue mass (LTM) and bone mineral content (BMC). Pulmonary function, number of hospitalizations, glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c), random blood glucose levels, IGF-I, oestradiol and testosterone levels are also reported. RESULTS: There was no difference between the groups at baseline. After 1 year, GHTX had significantly greater height and weight velocity, height and weight Z-scores, body mass index (BMI), LTM and BMC. Absolute pulmonary function was better and hospitalizations were fewer in the GHTX. No subject developed glucose intolerance or had any other side-effects. CONCLUSION: These results suggest that GH use in pubertal adolescents with CF safely improves height, body weight, bone mineralization and clinical status. FAU - Hardin, Dana S
Early signs of microvascular complications in pediatric patients with short duration of type 1 diabetes mellitus seen in southeast Nigeria.$$$ BACKGROUND: Clinically evident microvascular complications are rarely seen among children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), although early signs develop during childhood and accelerate during puberty. AIM: The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence of early signs of microvascular complications in children and adolescents aged 9-19 years with a short duration of T1DM by screening for retinopathy and nephropathy. METHODS: A cross-sectional study and participants were consecutively enrolled from the Endocrinology Clinic at Federal Teaching Hospital, Abakaliki. Physical examination and mydriatic ophthalmoscopy were conducted. Three early morning spot urine specimens for albumin/creatinine ratio were estimated 3 months apart. Serum creatinine levels were estimated, and the glomerular filtration rate was calculated. Glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) was determined. RESULTS: Twenty-four individuals participated, 15 (62.5%) were male and the mean age at diagnosis was 12.4 ± 2.3 years. The mean duration of diabetes was 23.8 ± 20.6 months. The mean HbA1c was 11.4%. Retinopathy was seen in 16.7%, whereas 33.3% had microalbuminuria. Blood pressure range was within the 50(th)-90(th) percentile for all the participants. CONCLUSION: The study outcome demonstrated a high prevalence of early signs of microvascular complications such as retinopathy and nephropathy among youths with short duration of T1DM. Poor glycemic control, if not halted, is associated with early signs of microvascular complications which may become clinically evident; contrary to the belief that they are rare in childhood. FAU - Ogugua, Chinwe Flora
Serum angiogenin concentrations in young patients with diabetes mellitus.$$$ BACKGROUND: Angiogenin serum levels were measured in a large group of type 1 diabetic young patients, looking at whether increased Angiogenin concentrations are associated with long-term glycemic control and microvascular complications. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Four groups of patients were compared to 223 age- and sex- matched healthy controls: 196 type 1 diabetic patients (age range 3-24 years, onset of diabetes before the age of 12 years; duration of disease longer than 2 years), without microvascular complications were divided into three groups on the basis of age (group 1, n = 37, age < 6 years; group 2, n = 71, age 6-12 years; group 3, n = 88, age > 12 years); 53 adolescents and young adults (age 16.1-29.7 years) with diabetic microvascular complications (background, preproliferative or proliferative retinopathy, albumin excretion rate 20-200 microg min-1) (group 4). RESULTS: Angiogenin serum levels were significantly increased in diabetic pre-school and pre-pubertal children, and particularly elevated in pubertal subjects compared with age- and sex-matched controls. Adolescents and young adults with microvascular complications had very high angiogenin concentrations. One-year mean HbA1c values were correlated with angiogenin levels (r = 0.389; p < 0.01). In poorly controlled diabetics (HbA1c > 10%), long-term (2 years) improvement of glycemic control determined a significant reduction of angiogenin concentrations in both pre-school and pre-pubertal children as well as in pubertal youngsters. CONCLUSIONS: Angiogenin serum concentrations are increased in diabetic children even before puberty. Severity of microvascular complications is associated with markedly increased angiogenin serum levels. Long-term tight glycemic control determines a consistent reduction of angiogenin concentrations. FAU - Chiarelli, F
Physical activity and energy intake in adolescent girls with Type 1 diabetes.$$$ AIMS: Girls with Type 1 diabetes often gain excessive weight during puberty. The aims of this study were to compare objectively assessed physical activity and energy intake in girls with Type 1 diabetes with those in healthy age-matched controls. METHODS: This prospective cohort study comprised 26 girls with Type 1 diabetes and 49 control girls. The mean age of the diabetic girls was 15.7 +/- 2.1 years and that of the control girls 15.8 +/- 2.1 years. In the diabetic group, mean haemoglobin A1c was 7.6 +/- 1.4% and daily insulin dosage was 1.1 +/- 0.3 U/kg. Physical activity was measured during 7 consecutive days with a uniaxial accelerometer, and energy intake was assessed concurrently with a 7-day food diary. RESULTS: There was a tendency towards lower total amount of physical activity in the diabetes group but the difference between the study groups did not reach statistical significance (Diabetes: 464 +/- 123 counts/min/day; CONTROLS: 523 +/- 138 counts/min/day; P = 0.06). No difference was found between the groups regarding total energy intake (Diabetes: 8.5 +/- 1.8 MJ/day; CONTROLS: 8.4 +/- 2.6 MJ/day). The carbohydrate intake was lower and the protein and fibre intakes were higher in girls with diabetes. No association was observed between physical activity, energy intake and HbA1c. CONCLUSIONS: In this prospective cohort study, we found a tendency towards lower physical activity but no differences in energy intake between girls with Type 1 diabetes and age-matched controls. Larger studies are needed to further explore the importance of the total amount of physical activity for excessive weight gain in adolescent girls with Type 1 diabetes. FAU - Särnblad, S
Shorter remission period in young versus older children with diabetes mellitus type 1.$$$ BACKGROUND: The initial period of diabetes type 1 is of great importance, since early metabolic adjustment has profound impact on long term control. The majority of pediatric centers in Germany participate in a national quality initiative, providing longitudinal data for central analysis. PATIENTS: 104543 anonymous data sets were obtained from 6123 pediatric patients under 18 years who were treated in 157 pediatric centers and monitored for 36 months at the same center starting from diagnosis. RESULTS: Partial remission (insulin <0.5 U/kg/d and HbA1c < or = 7.0%) was present in 1992 children (32.5%) within the first 3 months after diagnosis. Remission phase lasted in average for 0.74 +/- 0.77 years and was significantly shorter in children below 10 years of age at onset of diabetes compared to the older patients. The remission period was significantly longer in boys, particularly in children under 10 years (p=0.0039). Multiple regression analysis showed a longer remission phase in children with pubertal diabetes onset. The children entering remission were younger, more often boys and had a lower initial HbA1c level. CONCLUSION: These data from a large multicenter group of children with diabetes type 1 emphasize the influence of gender, pubertal stage and age at manifestation on the amount of insulin required, and therefore the clinical remission, during the first three years of the disease. FAU - Dost, A
Ovarian function during puberty in girls with type 1 diabetes mellitus: response to leuprolide.$$$ CONTEXT: An increased prevalence of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) has been reported in adult women with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM1). We investigated whether these hormonal abnormalities begin during puberty by evaluating the ovarian steroidogenic response to leuprolide acetate. METHODS: We studied 56 adolescent girls with DM1 (aged 12.3 +/- 0.2 yr) and 64 healthy girls (C) (aged 11.9 +/- 0.2 yr) up to 2 yr post menarche, matched by age, body mass index, and pubertal development. We evaluated anthropometrical data and Ferriman-Gallway score and performed a leuprolide test (500 microg sc) to study ovarian function. Ovarian volume was determined by transabdominal ultrasonography. RESULTS: We found five DM1 but no C girls with abnormally located terminal hair (Fisher's exact, P < 0.05). Free androgen index increased throughout puberty in girls with DM1 (ANOVA, P < 0.0001), which was associated with a decrease in SHBG levels in girls with DM1 (ANOVA, P < 0.0001). Stimulated 17OH progesterone (17OHProg) increased throughout puberty only in girls with DM1 (ANOVA, P < 0.01). Girls with DM1 at Tanner stage 5 had higher stimulated LH to FSH ratio, testosterone, and 17OHProg levels than girls at Tanner stage 4. In contrast, in C girls the stimulated testosterone, 17OHProg, and LH to FSH ratio were similar at Tanner stages 4 and 5. Ovarian volumes and uterine length were larger in girls with DM1 (analysis of covariance, P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that patients with DM1 have differences in ovarian steroidogenic response to leuprolide, compared with C girls during puberty. Future studies in young women should clarify whether these findings are related to the pathogenesis of hyperandrogenism later in life. FAU - Codner, Ethel
Factors associated with osteoporosis among a sample of Jordanian women referred for investigation for osteoporosis.$$$ This cross-sectional study was carried out to examine the association between osteoporosis and specific risk factors among 384 women referred to the Radiology Department at King Abdullah University Hospital, Irbid, Jordan during the period September 2009-August 2010 for diagnosis of osteopenia or osteoporosis. Bone mineral density measurements were carried out using dual energy X-ray absorptiometry at both the lumbar spine [AP: L1-L4] and femoral hip (neck, trochanter). Studied risk factors included age, age at menarche, menopause, body mass index, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, renal problems and smoking. The prevalence of osteoporosis among the studied sample was 13.5%. Osteoporosis was significantly associated with current age, age at menarche, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and renal problems. FAU - El-Heis, M A
Risk markers of future microalbuminuria and hypertension based on clinical and morphological parameters in young type 1 diabetes patients.$$$ BACKGROUND: Nephropathy is a severe complication of type 1 diabetes and develops in 30% of patients. Currently, it is not possible to identify young patients at risk prior to the development of microalbuminuria (MA) and/or hypertension (HT). OBJECTIVE: To study predictors of MA and/or HT in young normoalbuminuric (NA) patients with type 1 diabetes. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Forty-six NA and normotensive (NT) type 1 diabetes patients, regularly followed since onset with checks on metabolic control, kidney function, and MA, were investigated with kidney biopsies and 24-h ambulatory blood pressure measurements (ABPMs) after 10.6 yr of diabetes. The patients were followed another six and a half years with regard to the development of MA and HT. RESULTS: Fifteen patients developed MA and/or HT during follow-up. The strongest risk markers were poor metabolic control after puberty, high day-time systolic blood pressure (BP), and increased BMT at 10 yr, which explained 62% of the outcome for MA and/or HT at 17 yr duration with 77% sensitivity and 65% specificity. The threshold values were long-term postpubertal HbA(1c) > 8.2%, day-time systolic BP > 130 mmHg, and BMT > 490 nm/1.73 m(2). CONCLUSIONS: Normoalbuminuric and NT patients at risk of developing MA and HT could be identified and might benefit from an early start of antihypertensive therapy and improvement of metabolic control. FAU - Perrin, Nina E S S
Subclinical metabolic abnormalities associated with obesity in prepubertal Mexican schoolchildren.$$$ Childhood obesity has increased to epidemic levels and is considered a public health problem due to its association with a number of metabolic abnormalities, which are being detected at earlier stages of life. The objective was to evaluate the association between the presence of subclinical metabolic abnormalities (SMA) and obesity in a sample of pre-pubertal Mexican schoolchildren. Children of both sexes and 6 to 13 years old were questioned for signs of puberty, underwent anthropometric measurement and had their Body Mass Index (BMI) calculated. Two groups were formed: those with obesity (case group) and those with normal weight paired by age and chosen randomly (control group). Fasting insulin, glucose and cholesterol were measured. 92 children were included, 46 in each group, mean age 9.9 and 9.5 years old, respectively (p = 0.97). A higher frequency of hyperinsulinism was found in the case group: Fasting insulin > 15 mU/ml, 75% vs. 21% (case group vs. control group, respectively); fasting glucose to insulin ratio < 6, 72% vs. 24%; HOMA IR > 2.7, 83% vs. 14%; and decrease in QUICKI (< 0.3), 80% vs. 19% (p = 0.000). Hypercholesterolemia was 25% vs. 15% (p = 0.22), impaired fasting glucose 28% vs. 8% (p = 0.01), and family history of diabetes mellitus (DM) 35% vs. 9% (OR = 5.6; 95% CI = 1.5-22.2; p = 0.002). In this sample of Mexican schoolchildren, obesity was associated to a higher frequency of SMA, such as hyperinsulinism and impaired fasting glucose, and to a family history of DM. FAU - Romero, Juana B
Diabetic retinopathy in childhood: long-term follow-up by fluorescein angiography beginning in the first months of disease.$$$ BACKGROUND: Little is known about minimal retinal lesions occurring in the first months of disease in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM). OBJECTIVE: To detect any early retinal change and to evaluate its progression in children diagnosed with type 1 DM. PATIENTS: From 1979 to 1997 we examined by fluorescein angiography at diagnosis or within 15 months from the onset of DM 130 young patients with type 1 DM (mean age at diagnosis 10.08 +/- 2.62 yr). In 112 patients follow-up by fluorescein angiography was performed every 1.26 years with a mean of 5.41 fluorescein angiographies/patient. METHODS: The stage of retinopathy was graded to detect minimal lesions. We also considered sex, pubertal stage, HLA, family history of DM, disease duration and HbA1c levels. RESULTS: At first examination, 14 out of 127 (11%) readable angiographies showed minimal retinal changes. There was no statistically significant difference between the patients with or without lesions for all parameters considered. The 112 patients examined during follow-up were divided as follows: Group A: no retinopathy at first examination; Group A1: no retinopathy during follow-up; Group A2: retinal changes during follow-up; Group B: retinal changes at the first examination. Mean HbA1c value evaluated during the whole follow-up was lower in group A1 than in group A2. HbA1c levels at onset of the disease were significantly different in the three groups: in group A1 it was lower than in group A2 and in group B. CONCLUSIONS: The presence of early lesions in the first year of disease in 11% of patients is probably due to the method of examination, which may detect even minimal retinal changes. This may be correlated to the acute metabolic failure present at the onset of disease. The prolonged follow-up seems to demonstrate that the early changes are not necessarily a negative prognostic factor in the evolution of diabetic retinopathy. We confirm that duration of DM and metabolic control are the main factors influencing the course of retinopathy in these young patients. Early fluorescein angiography is not particularly useful in the management of children with DM. FAU - Salardi, S
Bone mineral acquisition in adolescents with type 1 diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To track bone mineral acquisition in adolescents with type 1 diabetes (DM). STUDY DESIGN: Subjects were adolescents, ages 12 to 18 years, with DM (n=42) and a healthy regional reference (n=199). Measurements of tibia bone characteristics by peripheral quantitative computed tomography (pQCT) and spine and whole body (WB) by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry (DEXA), anthropometrics, and lifestyle questionnaires were obtained during a 12-month period. Disease duration, insulin dose, renal function, and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) values for the previous 12 months were recorded. RESULTS: Body size and maturation were similar between groups. DM had lower tibia, spine, and WB bone characteristics but greater muscle mass (LBM) and lower bone mineral content (BMC)/LBM at baseline and 12 months. Annual gains for tibia cortical bone and WB BMC/LBM were lower and inversely related to HbA1c levels (R=-0.36 to -0.51), whereas spine area and density and WBLBM were greater and were predicted by pubertal-driven growth. Overall, the DM cohort had 8.5% less WB BMC/LBM, suggesting that bone mineral deposition was not adequately adapted to muscle gains. CONCLUSIONS: Adolescents with type 1 diabetes continue to have smaller bone mass and bone size despite normal growth and maturation. Poor metabolic control appears to negatively influence bone mineral acquisition. FAU - Moyer-Mileur, Laurie J
Plasma leptin in children: relationship to puberty, gender, body composition, insulin sensitivity, and energy expenditure.$$$ Leptin has been demonstrated to reflect body fat mass (FM) in humans, but the regulation of leptin levels during childhood growth and development is poorly understood. We studied the relation between plasma leptin, fasting insulin, insulin sensitivity, and resting energy expenditure in 22 healthy prepubertal children and 27 adolescents. Body composition was assessed by the H2(18)O-dilution principle, insulin sensitivity by a hyperinsulinemic (40 mU/m2/min)-euglycemic clamp, and energy expenditure by indirect calorimetry. Plasma leptin in prepubertal children (9.3 +/- 2.0 ng/mL) was not different from that in pubertal adolescents (10.9 +/- 2.2 ng/mL). Plasma leptin correlated with FM (r = .77, P < .001). There were no gender differences in leptin after controlling for FM differences. In prepubertal and pubertal subjects, plasma leptin correlated with fasting insulin independently of FM (r = .60, P < .001), but did not correlate with insulin sensitivity independently of body fat content. Leptin showed no relationship to resting energy expenditure after adjusting for body composition. The present cross-sectional evaluation of normal children shows that (1) plasma leptin reflects body fat content, (2) leptin concentrations are similar between prepubertal children and pubertal adolescents, (3) there are no gender differences in leptin independent of adiposity, and (4) leptin correlates with fasting insulin but not with insulin sensitivity. Contrary to animal data, our cross-sectional results in healthy children do not suggest a role for leptin in puberty or a female-related leptin resistance as reported in adults. It remains to be determined at which stage of human development the sexual dimorphism in leptin becomes evident. FAU - Arslanian, S
Mathematical formulae for the prediction of the residual beta cell function during the first two years of disease in children and adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.$$$ On the basis of a retrospective study of 71 children followed for 24 months after diagnosis of type I insulin dependent diabetes a fitted mathematical model was constructed for the prediction of the course of beta cell function from the time of diagnosis. Two equations were derived, one for the maximal basal (B-max) and the other for the maximal i.v. glucagon stimulated peak C-peptide (P-max) levels reached during the remission period. The prognostic variables selected for analysis were: peak C-peptide levels at diagnosis (Po), age sex, degree of obesity, pubertal rating, the presence of islet cell antibodies (ICA) and levels of GHb. Multivariate analysis of the data showed that Po (p = 0.0006), puberty (p = 0.041). obesity (p = 0.0021), sex (p = 0.031), ICA (p = 0.0045) and GHb(p = 0.0066) significantly contributed to the prediction formula obtained for B-max whereas the contribution of the above variables for P-max were: Po (p = 0.0019), puberty (p = 0.0187), obesity (p = 0.0058), sex (p = 0.0598), ICA (p = 0.0187) and GHb (p = 0.0027). The residuals of the observed values from the values fitted by the predicted equations served to define two separate groups demonstrating distinct differences in the natural course of beta cell function in type I diabetes. This fitted model may thus be useful in distinguishing between newly diagnosed young patients who will undergo remission, requiring lower insulin doses, and those who have little chance for remission. It might also be helpful in the selection of patients most likely to benefit from immunosuppression or modulation, to maximize the benefit to risk ratio for such patients. FAU - Klipper-Aurbach, Y
High serum leptin levels in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus: contribution of age, BMI, pubertal development and metabolic status.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Children with diabetes mellitus are prone to develop obesity and to experience a delay in onset of the pubertal process. In order to understand the role of leptin in these abnormalities, serum leptin levels were analysed in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus. SUBJECTS: Twenty diabetic girls, 23 diabetic boys and 66 healthy children (selected from a reference population of 706 normal children), age-, sex- and BMI-matched with diabetic patients, were studied. MEASURMENTS: Standing height, weight and BMI were determined in each child. Serum testosterone, oestradiol and leptin were measured by specific radioimmunoassays, and HBA1c by high performance liquid chromatography. RESULTS: Both diabetic girls and boys showed higher leptin levels than the normative healthy population and a group of age-, sex- and BMI-matched normal children. In an age-related analysis, leptin levels in diabetic girls rose from 7.4 +/- 1.2 and 8.1 +/- 2.1 microg/l for the 5-7.99 and 8-10.99 year groups, to 12.6 +/- 2.4 microg/l for the 11-13.99 year group, and to 15.6 +/- 4.0 microg/l in the 14-15.99 year group in parallel with body weight. Leptin concentrations were parallel but higher (P < 0.05) than those of healthy girls. Diabetic boys had lower leptin levels than girls and, in contrast with normal boys, did not show a drop after the 10-year period. Leptin levels were 4.9 +/- 2.2, 3.9 +/- 0.2, 5.5 +/- 0.6 and 5.1 +/- 0.9 microg/l for the 5-7.99, 8-10. 99, 11-13.99 and 14-15.99 year groups, respectively. When divided by pubertal stage, leptin levels in the prepuberty stage of diabetic girls (8.6 +/- 1.0 microg/l) were higher (P < 0.05) than those in the controls (4.1 +/- 0.4 microg/l). In overt puberty girls, leptin was higher (P < 0.05) for diabetic (15.9 +/- 2.9 microg/l) than for healthy girls (9.2 +/- 1.1 microg/l). In prepubertal boys, differences were observed in leptin levels (4.9 +/- 0.5 microg/l for diabetic boys and 3.4 +/- 0.6 microg/l for healthy boys). In the overt puberty stage, diabetic boys showed higher (P < 0.05) levels of leptin (5.2 +/- 0.7 microg/l) than the healthy matched controls (2.1 +/- 0.2 microg/l). A multiple step regression analysis in the diabetic children revealed no associations between leptin and other relevant variables such as glycosylated haemoglobin, daily insulin dose, or years of suffering from the disease. CONCLUSION: Serum leptin levels were higher in diabetic than in healthy children. These differences were not attributable to age, adiposity or stage of pubertal development, and were probably conditioned by the metabolic perturbation intrinsic to the diabetic state, or the chronic hyperinsulinemia. FAU - Luna, R
The influence of an educational program on the HbA(1c)-level of adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus: a retrospective study.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Adherence to diabetes management tasks in type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) patients deteriorates during puberty. This causes glycemic dysregulation, which accelerates the development of long-term complications. METHODS: The data of 25 poorly regulated T1DM-patients were compared before and 3 and 9 months after a psycho-educational program. Data were extracted from patient's records. The psycho-educational program consisted of three sessions for the patients and one for the parents in a 3-month period. RESULTS: HbA(1c)-levels at baseline (10.0 +/- 0.72%), decreased by 0.65% after 9 months follow-up (p = 0.08). A subgroup of 15 patients showed a clinical significant HbA(1c)-reduction of > or = 0.5% at 9 months follow-up (subgroup A), with a mean reduction of 1.6%. CONCLUSIONS: These encouraging results show that a psychoeducational program can be of benefit in improving HbA(1c)-levels in poorly regulated adolescents with T1DM. More research with a larger population is necessary to evaluate the value of psycho-educational programs in this age-group. FAU - Verbeek, Sabine
Associations of growth from birth to puberty with glycemic indicators at ~17.5 years: Evidence from Hong Kong's "Children of 1997" birth cohort.$$$ BACKGROUND: From an evolutionary biology perspective, where growth and reproduction trade-off against longevity, we assessed the associations of growth from birth to puberty by phase with later glycemic indicators and any differences by sex. METHODS: In the population-representative Hong Kong Chinese "Children of 1997" birth cohort (n = 8327), the relation of initial size (weight-for-age z score (WAZ) at birth, length/height-for-age z score (LAZ) at 3 months or body-mass-index-for-age z score (BAZ) at 3 months based on the World Health Organization growth standards/references) and growth at different phases (WAZ gains from 0 to 2 and 2 to 8 years, LAZ or BAZ gains from 3 months to 3 years, 3 to 8 years and 8 to 14 years) with fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) at ~17.5 years, was assessed using adjusted partial least squares regression. Additional analyses further considered growth in late and early infancy. RESULTS: This study included 3276 of the cohort participants. Higher WAZ gain from 2 to 8 years, LAZ and BAZ gains from 3 to 8 years were consistently associated with higher FPG, adjusted for maternal and infant characteristics, family history of diabetes and household income. Also, higher BAZ gain from 3 to 8 years was associated with higher HbA1c. These associations did not differ by sex. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest different mechanisms could underlie the pathogenesis of glucose intolerance. Factors that drive specific growth at different phases need to be evaluated to better inform child growth management for long-term health outcomes.
Elevated serum levels of adiponectin in children, adolescents and young adults with type 1 diabetes and the impact of age, gender, body mass index and metabolic control: a longitudinal study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Adiponectin plays an important role in pathophysiology of obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to determine adiponectin concentrations in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes in a longitudinal manner and to study the impact of age, gender, body mass index (BMI) and metabolic control. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In this study, 88 children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes were followed longitudinally. At baseline and during follow-up, serum levels of adiponectin were measured by enzyme-linked immunoassay and correlated with clinical data, HbA1c and lipids. Healthy children (n = 259) were chosen as a control group. RESULTS: Serum adiponectin levels were significantly higher in children with type 1 diabetes compared with healthy children (13.1 vs 9.1 microg/ml at baseline, P < 0.001). Adiponectin concentrations inversely correlated with BMI s.d.s (P < 0.001). No significant difference of adiponectin levels regarding gender, diabetes duration or HbA1c was seen. Adiponectin concentrations decreased in males with type 1 diabetes during puberty (P = 0.03) while there was no significant change in females. In a subgroup of patients with new onset type 1 diabetes, adiponectin concentrations were not different from adiponectin levels in control subjects but increased during follow-up (P = 0.007). Stepwise multiple regression analysis showed that most important predictors of adiponectin levels in type 1 diabetes at the end of the study were adiponectin concentration at baseline (beta = 0.574, P < 0.001) and BMI s.d.s (beta = -0.302, P = 0.001, r2 = 0.56). CONCLUSIONS: Children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes have BMI-dependent elevated serum concentrations of adiponectin compared with healthy children. FAU - Galler, Angela
Alterations in bone characteristics associated with glycemic control in adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine whether bone characteristics in adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM) are influenced by blood glucose regulation and disease duration. The subjects were adolescents with type 1 DM (n=55) recruited from the University of Utah's Primary Children's Pediatric Diabetes Treatment Center. A reference database consisting of 95 healthy adolescents from the same geographic area was used for comparison.Study design Measurements of the tibia by peripheral quantitative computed tomography were made to assess cortical and trabecular bone characteristics. Hip, spine, and whole body characteristics were measured by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry. Height, weight, health histories, Tanner stage, disease duration, insulin regimen, and glycosylated hemoglobin values were recorded. RESULTS: Age, maturation, and body size and composition values were similar between the subjects with type 1 DM and reference. Subjects with type 1 DM had lower tibia trabecular and femoral neck density and whole body mineral content and density. The mean glycosylated hemoglobin value was inversely related to tibia trabecular bone density (R(2)=-0.30) and whole body bone mineral content (R(2)=-0.25) and accounted for 3.0% to 8.9% of the variance. CONCLUSIONS: Altered bone mineral acquisition in adolescents with type 1 DM may limit peak bone mass acquisition and increase the risk of osteoporosis in later life. FAU - Heap, Jenny
Obesity attenuates the contribution of African admixture to the insulin secretory profile in peripubertal children: a longitudinal analysis.$$$ The pubertal transition has been identified as a time of risk for development of type 2 diabetes, particularly among vulnerable groups, such as African Americans (AAs). Documented ethnic differences in insulin secretory dynamics may predispose overweight AA adolescents to risk for type 2 diabetes. The objectives of this longitudinal study were to quantify insulin secretion and clearance in a cohort of 90 AA and European American (EA) children over the pubertal transition and to explore the association of genetic factors and adiposity with repeated measures of insulin secretion and clearance during this critical period. Insulin sensitivity was determined by intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT) and minimal modeling; insulin secretion and clearance by C-peptide modeling; genetic ancestry by admixture analysis. Mixed-model longitudinal analysis indicated that African genetic admixture (AfADM) was independently and positively associated with first-phase insulin secretion within the entire group (P < 0.001), and among lean children (P < 0.01). When examined within pubertal stage, this relationship became significant at Tanner stage 3. Total body fat was a significant determinant of first-phase insulin secretion overall and among obese children (P < 0.001). Total body fat, but not AfADM, was associated with insulin clearance (P < 0.001). In conclusion, genetic factors, as reflected in AfADM, may explain greater first-phase insulin secretion among peripubertal AA vs. EA; however, the influence of genetic factors is superseded by adiposity. The pubertal transition may affect the development of the beta-cell response to glucose in a manner that differs with ethnic/genetic background. FAU - Casazza, Krista
New definition for the partial remission period in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVE To find a simple definition of partial remission in type 1 diabetes that reflects both residual beta-cell function and efficacy of insulin treatment. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS A total of 275 patients aged <16 years were followed from onset of type 1 diabetes. After 1, 6, and 12 months, stimulated C-peptide during a challenge was used as a measure of residual beta-cell function. RESULTS By multiple regression analysis, a negative association between stimulated C-peptide and A1C (regression coefficient -0.21, P < 0.001) and insulin dose (-0.94, P < 0.001) was shown. These results suggested the definition of an insulin dose-adjusted A1C (IDAA1C) as A1C (percent) + [4 x insulin dose (units per kilogram per 24 h)]. A calculated IDAA1C < or =9 corresponding to a predicted stimulated C-peptide >300 pmol/l was used to define partial remission. The IDAA1C < or =9 had a significantly higher agreement (P < 0.001) with residual beta-cell function than use of a definition of A1C < or =7.5%. Between 6 and 12 months after diagnosis, for IDAA1C < or =9 only 1 patient entered partial remission and 61 patients ended partial remission, for A1C < or =7.5% 15 patients entered partial remission and 53 ended, for a definition of insulin dose < or =0.5 units . kg(-1) . 24 h(-1) 5 patients entered partial remission and 66 ended, and for stimulated C-peptide (>300 pmol/l) 9 patients entered partial remission and 49 ended. IDAA1C at 6 months has good predictive power for stimulated C-peptide concentrations after both 6 and 12 months. CONCLUSIONS A new definition of partial remission is proposed, including both glycemic control and insulin dose. It reflects residual beta-cell function and has better stability compared with the conventional definitions. FAU - Mortensen, Henrik B
Histiocytosis X$$$ follow-up of 43 cases.; Over a 29-year period, 43 cases of histiocytosis X presented in children under the age of 12 years. 29 patients (67%) have survived, and of these, 15 (52%) have a detectable disability. It was confirmed that young age at presentation and evidence of soft tissue involvement were associated with a worse prognosis. The majority of deaths were associated with pulmonary involvement. 14 patients developed diabetes insipidus. 5 of the surviving adults have heights below the 3rd centile. Puberty usually occurred at a normal age. Follow-up studies on 12 survivors showed no evidence of residual abnormality of haematology, deficient lymphocyte function, or yeast opsonization. HLA typing showed no unusual pattern. Mild carbon monoxide diffusion deffects were present in 4 patients and other abnormalities were detected on lung function tests. FAU - Sims, D G
Growth during childhood and final height in type 1 diabetes.$$$ The growth of 184 children with Type 1 diabetes was analysed using data collected prospectively in the Oxford district between 1969 and 1992. The overall mean height standard deviation score (Ht SDS +/- SD) at diagnosis was 0.35 +/- 1.05 which was significantly greater than the national standard of Tanner (1966). However, there is evidence of a secular trend in the heights of Oxford children over the last 20 years when compared with Tanner. When data from children with diabetes were compared with local controls, it was only the children aged 5-10 years at diagnosis who were taller (Ht SDS +/- SD, 0.58 +/- 1.14, versus 0.31 +/- 0.90, n = 73, p < 0.05). Those diagnosed under the age of 5 years (n = 37) were shorter (Ht SDS 0.12 +/- 0.93) and those diagnosed aged more than 10 years (n = 74) were similar in size (Ht SDS 0.22 +/- 0.98) to controls. These differences could not be explained by social class. Loss of height occurred between diagnosis and puberty, particularly in those diagnosed between the ages of 5 and 10 years. The pubertal growth spurt was blunted in all groups but this abnormality was more profound in the girls (mean peak height velocity SDS -1.09 +/- 1.02, p < 0.0005) than in the boys (mean peak height volocity SDS -0.5 +/- 1.14, p < 0.025). The mean final height SDS was -0.74 +/- 0.96 in those diagnosed < 5 years, 0.00 +/- 1.26 in those diagnosed between the ages of 5 and 10 years and 0.09 +/- 1.10 in those aged more than 10 years at diagnosis.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS) FAU - Brown, M
Persisting benefits 12-18 months after discontinuation of pubertal metformin therapy in low birthweight girls.$$$ BACKGROUND: Discontinuation of metformin therapy, if started beyond menarche in adolescents or young women with hyperinsulinaemia following low birthweight, is rapidly followed by rebound deteriorations in body fat, insulin resistance and blood lipid profile. OBJECTIVE: We hypothesized that early commencement of metformin and its continuation throughout puberty might have more persisting benefits. PATIENTS AND MEASUREMENTS: We followed up on a previously reported randomized study cohort at 12 months and 18 months after treatment discontinuation, including body composition by absorptiometry, fasting insulin, glucose and blood lipids. In that open-labelled, prospective study, 22 low birthweight girls with early normal puberty (Stage 2 breast development at age 8-9 years) were randomized to remain untreated (N = 12] or to receive metformin (850 mg/day; N = 10) for 36 months (between time -36 months to 0 month). RESULTS: The significant improvements previously reported at the end of the 36-month active treatment period in per cent body fat, abdominal fat mass, fasting insulin sensitivity, high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol and triglyceride levels all persisted at follow-up 12 months after treatment discontinuation. Further anthropometry at 18 months off therapy confirmed the persistence of benefits in height, body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference in the previously metformin-exposed girls. CONCLUSION: In low birth weight girls with early normal onset of puberty, metformin treatment for 3 years across puberty resulted in auxological, endocrine and metabolic benefits that persisted for at least 1 year after metformin withdrawal. Further follow-up and longer-term studies are needed to explore the possibility that insulin sensitization therapy during puberty might reprogramme predisposition to metabolic disease. FAU - Ong, Ken
Measuring contrast sensitivity in aretinopathic patients with Insulin Dependent Diabetes Mellitus.$$$ Contrast sensitivity measurements were obtained from 66 patients with Insulin Dependent Diabetes Mellitus (IDDM) and no visible diabetic retinopathy (Group A, n = 30 prepubescent and pubescent subjects; Group B, n = 36 postpubescent subjects). Contrast thresholds were determined for stationary and 6.87 Hz phase-alternating gratings at eight spatial frequencies from 0.18 to 15.7 c/deg. Data from each group of diabetic patients was compared with data from puberty-matched normal subjects. Mean value of the last four determinations of glycohemoglobin Alc (HbAlc) was used as a index of glycemic control. We found that patients with IDDM and no retinopathy had normal contrast sensitivity and that contrast thresholds were not significantly related to sexual maturity, duration of diabetes and glycemic control. FAU - De Marco, R
Analysis of Retinal Perfusion in Children, Adolescents, and Young Adults with Type 1 Diabetes Using Optical Coherence Tomography Angiography.$$$ We performed a cross-sectional study to analyze the retinal vasculature in children, adolescent, and young adults with type 1 diabetes using optical coherence tomography angiography (OCTA). Patients underwent funduscopic examination for diabetic retinopathy (DR) screening during an annual visit for the screening of diabetes-related complications which included the evaluation of glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), microalbuminuria, lipid profile, arterial pressure, and neurological assessment. In addition, OCTA of the retinal vasculature was performed. Quantitative analysis of the OCTA images evaluated the vessel density at the superficial (SCP) and deep (DCP) capillary plexus of the retina. Structural vascular alterations were evaluated qualitatively. Results were compared to those obtained in a group of healthy age-, sex-, and pubertal stage-matched controls. The effect of age, disease duration, age at the disease onset, mean HbA1c since the onset, and lipid profile on vascular density was tested. Fifty-three patients (median age 15.5, IQR 12.4-19.4 years; 57% females) with type 1 diabetes and 48 controls were enrolled. The median (IQR) HbA1c was 7.6% (60 mmol/mol) (6.9-8.1%, 52-65 mmol/mol), and the median (IQR) duration of disease was 6.0 (3.3-10.3) years. Mean vessel density measured with OCTA was lower in patients compared to controls with the temporal sector showing the highest difference both in the SCP (0.55 vs. 0.57, p < 0.001) and the DCP (0.63 vs. 0.65, p < 0.001). None of the predictors was associated with the superficial and deep vascular densities. Only 2 patients had clinically detectable DR. Microvascular structural changes were found on OCTA in both of these patients and in one without funduscopic alterations. In conclusion, patients with type 1 diabetes without clinically detectable DR had decreased capillary density compared to controls on OCTA images. These findings may provide useful information for the screening and the management of patients with type 1 diabetes. Further studies are needed to confirm our results and their clinical relevance. FAU - Mameli, Chiara
Increased 24 h mean insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 proteolytic activity in pubertal type 1 diabetic boys.$$$ Hyperglycaemia and increased variability of blood glucose in pubertal children with type 1 diabetes may be related to increased growth hormone (GH) secretion and insulin resistance. The role of changes in insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) bioavailability for the glycaemic control in these patients has not been completely elucidated. In particular, the possible role of increased IGF binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) proteolysis reported in other insulin resistant states awaits further characterization. The aims of this study were to assess if hyperglycaemia in children with type 1 diabetes was associated with changes in free dissociable IGF-I (fdIGF-I) and IGF binding protein-3 protease activity (IGFBP-3-PA) and if increased insulin resistance during puberty was associated with changes in IGFBP-3-PA in healthy and diabetic children. In diabetic boys in the period of maximal linear growth (Tanner stage 3, n = 5), the mean level and the variability of IGFBP-3-PA, determined every second hour throughout 24 h, were significantly higher both compared to postpubertal diabetic boys (n = 6; P = 0.003 and P = 0.001, respectively), and to age matched healthy boys (n = 4; P = 0.006 and P < 0.001 respectively). This activation of IGFBP-3-PA was most prominent during the day time. The mean 24 h blood glucose level (determined hourly) was the only parameter studied that significantly predicted the changes in mean 24 h IGFBP-3-PA in the diabetes group. The mean 24 h concentrations of fdIGF-I were decreased in the diabetic boys compared to the healthy controls but statistical significance was only achieved in Tanner Stage 5 (p = 0.03). We speculate that the elevated levels of IGFBP-3-PA in Tanner 3 diabetic boys are related to deteriorated glucose homeostasis and that it may be a compensatory mechanism to attenuate the decrease in fdIGF-I in order to partly restore insulin sensitivity and glycemic control. FAU - Zachrisson, I
Age at diagnosis, glycaemic control and the development of retinopathy in a population-based cohort of Type 1 diabetic subjects in Canterbury, New Zealand.$$$ The aim was to determine the relationship between age at diagnosis, glycaemic control and the development of retinopathy in a population-based cohort of Type 1 diabetic subjects. At 1 January 1984, there were 286 individuals with Type 1 diabetes (and age of onset<20 years) on the Canterbury, New Zealand population register who had at least 2 prospective HbA(1c) readings (from 1 January 1984). Of these, 107 already had retinopathy. Of the 179 subjects without retinopathy at baseline 63 developed retinopathy during follow-up. After controlling for duration of diabetes (in the whole group), age at diagnosis was found to be a significant predictor of HbA(1c) level (P=0.001), with higher (mean+/-SD) baseline HbA(1c) in the 10-14 age group (7.95+/-2.14%), compared with (7.62+/-1.77%) in the <10 year group and (7.39+/-2.57%) in the >14 year group. The major predictors of retinopathy (in those without retinopathy at baseline), however were duration of diabetes (mean time to development of retinopathy decreases by 14% (95% CI 10-17%) for each year), baseline HbA(1c) (for each unit increase, mean time to development of retinopathy decreased by 23% (95%CI 13-32%) and HbA(1c) slope (average annual change). Peri-pubertal age at diagnosis (10-14 years) did not influence the time to onset of retinopathy over and above that attributed to duration of diabetes and glycaemic control. FAU - Florkowski, C M
Cardiovascular autonomic reactivity is decreased in adolescents with Type 1 diabetes.$$$ AIMS: To characterize autonomic nervous system function by means of the heart rate and blood pressure responses to various stimuli in relation to pubertal maturation in patients with Type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM). METHODS: One hundred out of 138 eligible patients at the Out-patient Diabetes Clinic and 100 healthy control subjects were examined in terms of cardiovascular parameters at rest, during deep breathing and when standing. Heart rate variability was analysed with time domain,frequency domain and fractal dimension parameters. Tanner pubertal staging was performed before the examinations. RESULTS: The time domain parameters of heart rate variability at rest or during standing did not significantly differ between the patients and controls in total or at pubertal stages. In the spectral analysis of heart rate variability the very low frequency band was decreased in the patients during standing (P = 0.023).The increase in the very low frequency (P = 0.013)and low frequency (P = 0.031) spectral powers upon changing from a supine position to standing was attenuated in the patients in total, while no significant differences were observed within the Tanner pubertal stages between patients and controls. Heart rate variability during deep breathing was decreased in the patients with distal polyneuropathy (P = 0.006). CONCLUSIONS: Although cardiovascular integrity is in the main well preserved in adolescent patients with Type 1 DM, these patients are prone to attenuated autonomic nervous system reactivity. FAU - Riihimaa, P H
[Health and factors associated with glycemic control in 165 children with insulin-dependent diabetes, aged 7-23 year].$$$ BACKGROUND: A multicenter cross-sectional study was the first step of a project aimed at performing an educational diagnosis for IDDM children in France. POPULATION AND METHODS: Inclusion criteria were age 7 to 13 years, IDDM duration > 6 months and to be followed in a university pediatric department. One hundred and seventy-three children, followed in six centers, were eligible. One hundred and sixty-five of them (age 10.2 +/- 1.9 years and IDDM duration 3.1 +/- 2.7 years) agreed to participate. Standardized questionnaires were completed by the parents and children. Clinical examination was performed and a medical questionnaire was completed by the usual diabetologist of children. HbA1c was measured using a single HPLC method (normal levels +/- 2 sd = 4.5 to 5.7%). RESULTS: Mean HbA1c was 8.3 +/- 1.6% (range 5-13.2%) and values were distributed as follows: < or = 7% for 24.5%, < or = 8% for 46.6% and > 10% for 14% of the children. Age (r = 0.33, P < 0.001), duration of diabetes (r = 0.29, P < 0.001), number of biochemical hypoglycemias (r = -0.21, P < 0.01) and cholesterol level (r = 0.31, P < 0.001) were correlated with HbA1c levels and accounted for 30% of the variance in predicting HbA1c. The difference of HbA1c levels between prepubertal and pubertal children was significant (P < 0.02). Other usual clinical parameters as well as indexes for diabetes monitoring were not significantly correlated with HbA1c. In addition, four subgroups were associated with a significant deterioration (delta > or = 1%) in mean HbA1c levels: 1) age > 10 years (n = 82, P < 0.01); 2) pubertal stage in girls (Tanner stages III vs I, P < 0.05); 3) IDDM duration > or = 2 years (n = 106, P < 0.001); 4) a non French native mother (n = 27, P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Only 50% of this group under specialized care had an acceptable level of glycemic control (HbA1c < or = 8%). Factors related to glycemic control were identified, as well as subgroups of children at particular risk for bad glycemic control which requires specifically targeted interventions. The analyse of sociodemographic, psychological, familial and cognitive factors is currently being conducted in this population, in order to find other explicative variables of glycemic control and to develop specifically targeted educational programs. FAU - Tubiana-Rufi, N
Does the long-term clinical course of type I diabetes mellitus differ in patients with prepubertal and pubertal onset? Results of the Berlin Retinopathy Study.$$$ The objective of the present study was to investigate potential differences at presentation of type I diabetes and during its long-term clinical course in children and adolescents with prepubertal and pubertal manifestation. Clinical, immunological and biochemical characteristics at diabetes onset of 453 patients (320 prepubertal, 133 pubertal; median age at manifestation 7.1 years (0.7-13.9) and 13.1 years (9.2-17.6), respectively) were evaluated. Glycaemic control and exogenous insulin requirements were followed prospectively, with a median follow up of 9.4 years. At the onset of the disease no differences concerning the degree of metabolic decompensation, impairment of somatic health, and islet cell antibody status could be detected between the groups, except for a smaller body weight loss in pubertal patients (P=0.011). The duration of partial remission (insulin requirements <0.5 IU/kg body weight/day) was unrelated to age or pubertal status at onset. It was found to be longer in boys than in girls in the total cohort (median duration: 279 vs 215 days, P = 0.0071). Despite an absence of differences during the early course of the disease, glycaemic control was better, and daily insulin doses were significantly lower in patients with pubertal onset, after 6 years of diabetes. CONCLUSION: Adolescents with a pubertal onset of type I diabetes have a more benign long-term course of the disease demonstrating better glycaemic control and lower insulin requirements, although the presentation of the disease at onset and its course during the first 6 years are not different from those of children with a prepubertal manifestation of diabetes. FAU - Kordonouri, O
Beta cell function and BMI in ethnically diverse children with newly diagnosed autoimmune type 1 diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine the relationship between BMI and beta-cell function at diagnosis of autoimmune type 1 diabetes (T1D) in a large group of ethnically diverse children. METHODS: Cross-sectional analysis of 524 children (60.8% White, 19.5% Hispanic, 14.5% African-American, 5.2% other non-Hispanic; mean age = 9.8 yr [SD = 2.5]) with newly diagnosed autoimmune T1D. RESULTS: As much as 22.2% of children were overweight or obese. Median random serum C-peptide was 0.40 ng/mL (25th-75th percentiles = 0.3-0.8), with median glycemia of 366 mg/dL (25th-75th percentiles = 271-505). Median C-peptide was 0.3, 0.5, 0.7, and 0.85 ng/mL, respectively, in underweight, normal weight, overweight, and obese children (p < 0.0001, Kruskal-Wallis). In the final model (p < 0.0001), the odds of having preserved C-peptide (≥0.6 ng/mL) were increased by 2.4-fold (95% CI = 1.2-4.9, p < 0.015) and 4.1-fold (1.9-8.5, p < 0.0001), respectively, in overweight and obese compared to lean children; 1.3-fold per each year of age; 2.5-fold in girls compared to boys; 4-fold in children who presented without, compared to with, diabetes ketoacidosis (DKA); and decreased by 21% for each point increase in HbA1c. Tanner stage, race/ethnicity, glycemia, and number of anti-islet antibodies expressed were not independently associated with preserved C-peptide. The association between BMI and C-peptide levels was significant in children with and without preserved C-peptide. Excluding patients who presented with DKA and/or using BMI obtained 5 wk after diagnosis did not alter the results. CONCLUSION: Obese and overweight children compared to lean children have greater beta-cell function at the onset of autoimmune T1D. Prospective studies on the relationships among BMI, beta-cell function, and progression to clinical T1D are warranted.
Age at Menarche and Cardiometabolic Risk in Adulthood: The Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults Study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine the association of menarche timing with cardiometabolic risk factors into early to mid-adulthood, comparing African American and White women. STUDY DESIGN: Analyses included 2583 women (African American = 1333; White = 1250) from the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults cohort study over 25 years of follow-up (1985-2011). Outcomes included type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, adiposity, glucose, insulin, blood pressure, and blood lipids. Cox models or repeated measures linear regression models estimated the association between age at menarche and the outcomes. RESULTS: Each 1-year earlier age at menarche was associated with higher mean body mass index among African American (0.88 ± 0.12 kg/m(2), P < .0001) and White (0.89 ± 0.10 kg/m(2), P < .0001) women. After body mass index adjustment, each 1-year earlier age at menarche was associated with higher triglycerides (2.26 ± 0.68 mg/dL, P = .001) and glucose (0.34 ± 0.11 mg/dL, P = .002), and greater risk for incident impaired fasting glucose (hazard ratio = 1.13, 95% CI 1.04-1.20) and metabolic syndrome (hazard ratio 1.19, 95% CI 1.11-1.26) among White women only. CONCLUSIONS: Excess adiposity associated with earlier menarche is sustained through mid-adulthood, and primarily drives higher cardiometabolic risk factor levels. However, White women with earlier menarche had increased risk of a number of insulin-resistance related conditions independent of adiposity. The cardiometabolic impact of earlier menarche was weaker in African American women despite higher average adiposity. Weight maintenance would likely reduce but may not completely eliminate the elevated cardiometabolic risk of earlier menarche.
Serum lipids, glucose and insulin levels in healthy schoolchildren aged 9 and 15 years from Central Sweden: reference values in relation to biological, social and lifestyle factors.$$$ BACKGROUND: There is a shortage of reference values for cardiovascular risk factors such as serum lipids, glucose and insulin related to biological, social and lifestyle factors for Swedish children and adolescents. Such values are needed for planning and evaluation of public health activities, and for clinical use. DESIGN AND METHODS: Data for this cross-sectional, school-based study were collected during a school year (September to May). A random sample of 1137 girls and boys aged 9 and 15 years from two locations in central Sweden participated in the study, and blood samples were taken from 969 of them. METHODS: Fasting serum blood samples were analysed for triglycerides, total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, glucose and insulin. Physical examination included measurement of height, weight and pubertal status. Questionnaires provided family background data. Total physical activity was measured by accelerometer registration. RESULTS: Serum levels differed significantly between age and gender groups and were correlated to pubertal status. Neither genetic nor socio-economic background nor smoking status influenced the serum levels. Insulin levels were elevated in subjects with a body mass index in the highest decentile, compared with the levels in the rest of the subjects. The insulin levels were inversely associated with total physical activity, and physical activity varied with season. CONCLUSIONS: Pubertal status (biological age) should to be considered in the interpretation of serum values in schoolchildren rather than chronological age. The interpretation of insulin values should include both body mass index and physical activity level, and perhaps also season. Previously described regional differences in serum lipid levels in Swedish adults seem to be present also in children. FAU - Wennlöf, A H
Prevalence and correlations of early microvascular complications in young type I diabetic patients: role of puberty.$$$ The prevalence and correlates of the early signs of renal, retinal and neurological microvascular complications were evaluated in 317 young patients with type I diabetes mellitus. Microalbuminuria was detected in 11% of patients and appeared to be strongly and positively related to HbA1c (p < 0.01) and less significantly to duration of diabetes (p < 0.02). Retinopathy was detected in 22.7% of patients and it was associated with duration of diabetes (p < 0.001). Peripheral neuropathy was detected in 18.5% of patients and there was a strong association with HbA1c (p < 0.01) and a weaker one with duration of diabetes (p < 0.05). Microalbuminuria was not detected in prepubertal patients while a similar frequency of retinopathy and neuropathy was observed in prepubertal and postpubertal patients. These results suggest that: 1) In short-term type I diabetic patients neuropathy is the most frequent microvascular complication, but after 10 years of diabetes, retinopathy exceeds the other complications; 2) Short-term metabolic control may influence the frequency of neuropathy and microalbuminuria but not retinopathy; 3) Puberty is involved in the appearance of microalbuminuria. FAU - Bognetti, E
Effects of correction of vitamin D insufficiency on serum osteocalcin and glucose metabolism in obese children.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Osteocalcin (OCN) and vitamin D insufficiency (VDI) have been shown to be associated with abnormal glucose metabolism (GluMet). Whether correction of VDI affects serum OCN is unknown. This study evaluated the effects of correction of VDI on OCN and GluMet, and determined the associations of OCN with 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25-OHD) and GluMet. DESIGN, PATIENTS AND MEASUREMENTS: This study involved 230 obese children in a cross-sectional part and 72 participants in a prospective part in which children with VDI were treated with vitamin D2 at a dose of 20 000 IU daily for 28 days. All 230 children underwent an oral glucose tolerance test and had their serum total and undercarboxylated OCNs and 25-OHD measured. Forty of 72 children were reassessed for the GluMet and serum total and undercarboxylated OCNs and 25-OHD after the vitamin D2 treatment. RESULTS: In the prospective part, correction of VDI by raising mean (SD) 25-OHD of 51·5 (12·3) to 141·8 (40·8) nmol/l resulted in an improvement of their GluMet and increase in their whole-body insulin sensitivity index with no changes in their OCN measures. In the cross-sectional part, after adjustments for age, sex and puberty, the total (β = 0·322) and undercarboxylated OCNs (β = 0·315) were positively associated with insulinogenic index, which is an index of insulin secretion (P = 0·034 and 0·037, respectively) in the group of prediabetic and diabetic children. CONCLUSIONS: Correction of VDI increased insulin sensitivity and improved GluMet, but had no effect on serum OCN measures. OCN was associated with increased insulin secretion in children with abnormal GluMet.
Insulin dose adjustment when changing from multiple daily injections to continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion in the pediatric age group.$$$ The aim of this study is to determine the proper initial dose adjustment when switching from multiple daily injections to continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion for type-1 diabetic pediatric patients. Our hypothesis is that the insulin adjustment varies depending on the pubertal status and the previous long-acting insulin used. Charts of 60 patients were reviewed. Data regarding insulin dose, type of insulin administrated, HbA1c, BMI, severe hypoglycemia and DKA events were collected during the previous year and after 6 weeks of pump therapy. In the prepubertal patients the reduction was 19% (26% if the previous insulin used was detemir). Pubertal patients experienced a decrease of 26%, and the detemir group 33%. The ratio long acting-basal/short acting-bolus insulin changed from 1.26 ± 0.84 to 0.93 ± 0.46 (P < 0.05). The total daily insulin dose needs to be decreased. Basal insulin constitutes 40-45% in prepubertal and 45-50% in pubertal patients. The reduction is different depending on the previous long-acting insulin used; being greater if the insulin is detemir. FAU - Colino, Esmeralda
Insulin resistance is higher in prepubertal girls but switches to become higher in boys at age 16: A Cohort Study (EarlyBird 57).$$$ BACKGROUND: The risk of type 2 diabetes is increasing in teenage girls, and is associated with their greater insulin resistance (IR). HYPOTHESIS: We hypothesized that the adverse metabolic profile of girls (compared with boys) would persist from childhood through adolescence. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Community-based longitudinal cohort of 292 children (147 boys) studied annually from 9 to 16 years. MEASURES: IR (homeostasis-model-assessment-2), high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C), triglycerides, % body-fat (dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry), pubertal stage (age at peak height velocity), physical activity (accelerometry). Multi-level modelling established the age-related trends in IR and lipids and the influence of covariates. RESULTS: Each year from 9 to 15 years, girls had 21% to 63% higher IR than boys (girls mean IR 0.73-1.33, boys 0.51-0.89, P < .005). At 16 years the gender difference was not significant (girls IR 0.60, boys 0.56, P = .45). Girls had lower HDL-C from 9 to 12 years, higher triglycerides from 9 to 14 years, greater adiposity throughout, and earlier puberty, but boys were more active than girls (all P < .05). After adjustment for %-fat, puberty and activity, the gender difference in IR between girls and boys aged 9 to 15 years became non-significant (IR girls 0.66-1.01, boys 0.65-1.04, P > .07). However, after adjustment at 16 years, girls' IR was 25% lower than boys' (girls 0.44, boys 0.63, P = .001), and they had 22% higher HDL-C (P < .001) and 20% lower triglycerides (P = .003). CONCLUSIONS: The higher IR of prepubertal and early pubertal girls diminishes during late puberty, and boys begin to exhibit greater metabolic risk. Despite being leaner and more active, boys at 16 years have higher IR than girls, suggesting future higher risk for diabetes, thus we reject our hypothesis.
Increasing urine albumin excretion is associated with growth hormone hypersecretion and reduced clearance of insulin in adolescents and young adults with type 1 diabetes: the Oxford Regional Prospective Study.$$$ HYPOTHESIS: We previously described lower insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) levels in association with increased microalbuminuria (MA) risk in type 1 diabetic subjects followed from diabetes diagnosis through puberty into adulthood. By inference lower IGF-I levels may be associated with higher GH levels and changes in insulin sensitivity. METHODS: To test this hypothesis, microalbuminuric subjects (MA+, n = 14) from the same cohort had overnight GH levels measured during euglycaemia (5 mmol/l, 01:00-07:30 h) maintained by a variable rate insulin infusion followed by a 2-step hyperinsulinaemic, euglycaemic clamp study using [6.6 2H2] glucose, and were compared to MA- controls (MA-, n = 14), matched for age (median 19.3 years, range 15.8-30.5), sex, duration of diabetes (11.1 years, range 5.1-16.4). RESULTS: In MA+ cases GH levels, measured by the Pulsar programme, were higher (baseline; 1.8 +/- 1.4 vs. 0.7 +/- 0.5 ng/ml, P = 0.02, mean; 3.8 +/- 1.3 vs. 2.6 +/- 1.6 ng/ml, P = 0.03, maximum; 16.7 +/- 7.0 vs. 12.3 +/- 5.4, P = 0.02), despite similar HbA1(c) levels (9.8%vs. 9.6%, P = 0.6) and body or truncal fat mass. Fourier transform revealed increased GH pulse amplitude at all periodicities and overnight insulin clearance was reduced (11.7 +/- 6.9 vs. 20.1 +/- 6.5 ml/kg/min, P < 0.02). In multiple regression analysis, urine albumin excretion was associated with higher GH levels and reduced insulin clearance, independent of HbA1(c) and body composition. In female cases (n = 9), dextrose requirements were reduced during the first step of the euglycaemic clamp (1.7 +/- 0.8 vs. 2.7 +/- 1.4, P < 0.05) but no such differences existed in males or in the rate of glucose production or disposal. CONCLUSION: The development of MA during puberty and young adulthood is associated with higher GH levels and abnormalities in insulin metabolism, particularly in females. These data extend support for our previous findings indicating a role for the GH/IGF-I axis in the pathogenesis of MA. FAU - Amin, Rakesh
Hyperandrogenism in adolescent girls with type 1 diabetes mellitus treated with intensive and continuous subcutaneous insulin therapy.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Women with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) experience high prevalence of hyperandrogenic disorders. The aim of this study was to evaluate hormonal profile with respect to hyperandrogenic disorders in adolescents with T1DM. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Forty seven adolescent girls with T1DM were evaluated and compared to 19 healthy and 21 non-diabetic girls with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). In all subjects, basal and GnRH analogue stimulated androgens, gonadotropins and SHBG were measured and ultrasonography of ovaries was performed. RESULTS: Girls with T1DM experienced first menses significantly later than healthy controls [13.1 (12.0-14.0) v. 12.0 (11.0-12.0) years, p = 0.02]. Nine (19.2%) of them fulfilled PCOS criteria (T1DM+PCOS). They had significantly mean HbA1c from the diagnosis of T1DM than T1DM girls with no PCOS [6.7 (6.6-7.2) v. 7.3(6.4-7.8)%, p = 0.049]. Hormonal profile, hirsutism score and ovarian volume did not differ significantly between the two groups. HbA1c at the study point and mean HbA1c for the last 12 months correlated negatively with SHBG level (r = -0.5, p = 0.006; r = -0.04, p = 0.02). T1DM+PCOS girls had significantly lower FAI [3.0 (2.6-4.3) v. 8.6 (6.5-10.8), p = 0.04] and ovarian volume than non-diabetic PCOS girls [4.6 (2.7-5.2) v. 7.4 (4.3-10.0) mL, p = 0.007]. CONCLUSIONS: Clinical symptoms of PCOS in adolescent girls with T1DM are milder than in non-diabetic peers, probably due to the protective role of higher SHBG resulting in lower free androgen level. FAU - Zachurzok, Agnieszka
Diabetes control deteriorates in girls at cessation of growth: relationship with body mass index.$$$ AIM: Diabetic patients, particularly girls, often experience poor metabolic control during puberty and adolescence. The aim of this study was to investigate metabolic control during adolescence, especially in relation to pubertal stages, growth, insulin treatment and body mass index (BMI). METHODS: We studied the records of 38 (consecutive) girls with prepubertal onset of Type 1 diabetes mellitus. Data from the age of 10 to 18-20 years were obtained with regard to glycaemic control, growth, age at menarche, final height and BMI, and analysed in relation to both chronological age and age at menarche. RESULTS: HbA1c was lowest 3 years before menarche; mean (+/- sd) 7.6 (+/- 1.2). After the pubertal growth spurt, there was a marked impairment of metabolic control, the highest level of HbA1c occurring 3 years after menarche. Mean age at menarche was 13.3 (+/- 1.1) years and mean linear growth after menarche only 4.7 cm, giving a final height of 164.9 (+/- 5.3) cm which is 2.7 cm below the Swedish mean. During adolescence the degree of correlation between BMI and HbA1c continuously increased, pointing out the effect of body fat on metabolic control in this age group. The level of HbA1c at 10 years of age could not predict the metabolic control after cessation of puberty, but prepubertal BMI appears to be a risk factor for both obesity and poor glycaemic control in late adolescence. CONCLUSIONS: The highest HbA1c was found after cessation of growth. Prepubertal BMI is a possible predictor of metabolic control in adolescent diabetic girls. FAU - Tylleskär, K
Prevalence of metabolic syndrome in obese Turkish children and adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of our study was to assess the prevalence of metabolic syndrome and the other metabolic features in obese children. METHODS: We have studied 169 obese children and adolescents (body mass index>95th percentile), 100 prepubertal and 69 pubertal, aged between 7 and 18 years. Each subject was submitted to an oral glucose tolerance test. The diagnosis of impaired glucose tolerance, type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome were defined according to modified WHO criteria adapted for children. RESULTS: Metabolic syndrome was found in 27.2%, with a significantly higher rate among adolescents aged 12-18 years (37.6%) than among children aged 7-11 years (20%) (p < 0.001). There were no significant differences in the prevalence of metabolic syndrome by sex. The prevalences of insulin resistance, glucose intolerance and type 2 diabetes were 29, 19 and 2% among prepubertal children and 56.5, 27.5 and 4.3% among pubertal group, respectively. The prevalence of fasting hyperinsulinemia in pubertal group was significantly higher than prepubertal children (p < 0.001). Hyperinsulinemia was also more frequent in pubertal children with significant difference (20% versus 43.7%, p < 0.001). Hypertension was significantly more common in adolescents (31.8%) than children (15%) with obesity, as expected (p < 0.013). Overall, dyslipidaemia in prepubertal and pubertal groups was identified in 42 and 55%, respectively, with no significant differences (p = 0.085). CONCLUSIONS: Type 2 diabetes mellitus and metabolic syndrome prevalences among adolescents are quite high in the urban area of Konya, central Anatolia, with abnormal lipid profiles, obesity and nutritional mistakes. FAU - Atabek, Mehmet Emre
Serum levels of sL-selectin and tumour necrosis factor-alpha in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ Type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM) is a result of inflammation and destruction of alpha-cells in the pancreatic islet cells. The aim of this study is to evaluate the associations of diabetes with soluble L-selectin (sL-selectin) and tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) in children with type 1 DM; and also to evaluate the associations of these parameters with the disease period, glycaemic control state and puberty stage. Serum sL-selectin and TNF-alpha levels were measured in 44 children with type 1 DM and 44 healthy children. Neither the patients nor the control group showed significant difference between the levels of sL-selectin and TNF-alpha (sequence mean 12.17+/-1.62 ng/ml vs. 12.62+/-1.56 ng/ml and 7.27+/-3.1 pg/ml vs. 7.88+/-2.7 pg/ml). There was no statistically significant difference between children with duration of diabetes longer than 5 years and children with duration of diabetes shorter than 1 year. There was also no statistically significant difference between poor glycaemic control and good-acceptable glycaemic control patients. The present results indicate that sL-selectin and TNF-alpha serum levels are not increased and cannot be used as prognostic predictors in type 1 DM; and also sL-selectin and TNF-alpha do not change with the disease period, glycaemic control state and puberty stage. FAU - Dursun, H
Trabecular bone mineral density and bone geometry of the distal radius at completion of pubertal growth in childhood type 1 diabetes.$$$ AIM: To identify disease-related risk factors for an altered bone mineral density (BMD) and geometry at young adulthood in patients with diabetes mellitus type 1 (DM1). METHODS: Fifty-six DM1 patients (23 females, 33 males) with prepubertal onset of diabetes were studied after completion of skeletal growth. Bone parameters at the distal radius were investigated by peripheral quantitative computed tomography. Disease-related parameters, in particular average HbA1c during the 2 years around peak height velocity, were analyzed. Forty-seven healthy controls (32 females, 15 males) were studied. RESULTS: Trabecular BMD was similar between DM1 patients and controls. The mean (±SD) cross-sectional bone area (CSA) was smaller in DM1 patients compared to controls (282.5 ± 45.4 vs. 326.7 ± 52.2 mm(2), p = 0.002 and males 391.0 ± 61.3 vs. 423.4 ± 81.9 mm(2), p = 0.1). In female DM1 patients, the CSA z-score correlated negatively with the body mass index z-score (r = -0.52, p = 0.01) and positively with the height z-score (r = 0.49, p = 0.02). CONCLUSIONS: DM1 patients are at risk for smaller bone sizes at the distal radius at the end of pubertal growth, especially females with increased adiposity. Diabetes-specific parameters seem to have a low impact on forearm volumetric apparent mineral density.
Tobacco, ethanol, coffee, pancreatitis, diabetes mellitus, and cholelithiasis as risk factors for pancreatic carcinoma.$$$ A hospital-based case-control study of pancreatic cancer was conducted in Athens in 1991-92. One hundred and eighty-one patients operated on for cancer of the exocrine pancreas in eight teaching hospitals formed the case series, whereas hospital patient controls and hospital visitor controls formed two independent comparison series. Cases and controls were matched by hospital, gender, and age in a 1:1:1 ratio, and every matched triplet was interviewed in person by the same researcher. Results indicate that tobacco smoking increased the risk of pancreatic cancer, whereas neither coffee drinking nor consumption of alcoholic beverages were associated with the disease. Diabetes mellitus, cholelithiasis, and pancreatitis were associated positively with risk of pancreatic cancer, whereas allergic asthma was inversely (but not significantly) related to the disease. There was a suggestion that earlier age at menarche was associated with increased risk of pancreatic cancer and that parous women were at lower risk. No consistent associations were noted with respect to gastrectomy, other medical conditions or operations, birth order, height, weight, broad occupational groups, or other reproductive variables. The two comparison series were remarkably similar with respect to the whole spectrum of the study variables. FAU - Kalapothaki, V
Trajectories of Body Mass Index from Childhood to Young Adulthood among Patients with Type 1 Diabetes-A Longitudinal Group-Based Modeling Approach Based on the DPV Registry.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To identify distinct longitudinal patterns of body mass index (BMI) z score in type 1 diabetes from childhood to young adulthood and secondly to determine sex differences as well as associated clinical covariates. STUDY DESIGN: A total of 5665 patients with type 1 diabetes (51% male) with follow-up from 8 to 20 years of age from the multicenter diabetes prospective registry DPV were studied (baseline diabetes duration ≥1 years, BMI z score aggregated per year of life). Latent class growth modeling (SAS: PROC TRAJ) was applied to analyze BMI z score over time. RESULTS: Six distinct BMI z score trajectories were identified (group 1: 7% of patients, group 2: 22%, group 3: 20%, group 4: 16%, group 5: 25%, and group 6: 10%). Group 1, 2, 5, and 6 had an almost stable BMI z score, either in the low, near-normal, high stable, or chronic overweight range. Group 3 (60% girls) increased their BMI during puberty, whereas group 4 (65% boys) had a BMI decrease. Similar patterns were observed for girls only, whereas boys followed nearly stable trajectories without fluctuation over time. Between the near-normal and the other groups, significant differences (P < .05) in sex ratio, migration background, mental health, height z score, glycated hemoglobin A1c, diabetes treatment, dyslipidemia, hypertension, and smoking were observed. CONCLUSIONS: In youth with type 1 diabetes, a great heterogeneity of BMI z score trajectories exists that highlight the importance of personalized sex-specific intervention programs for subjects at risk for unfavorable BMI development.
Do all prepubertal years of diabetes duration contribute equally to diabetes complications?$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study was designed to explore the timeline of protection against complications in prepubertal children with diabetes, in particular the effects of diabetes duration before age 5 years. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In this study, 193 adolescents with prepubertal diabetes onset were followed longitudinally for retinopathy (early background and clinical) and microalbuminuria (albumin excretion rate >7.5 micro g/min and >20 micro g/min). Multiple logistic regression analysis was used to compare the effect of pre- and postpubertal diabetes duration on the risk of each complication in 90 subjects reassessed as young adults. For the entire cohort, Kaplan-Meier estimates were used to determine time free of each complication, and survival was compared in those diagnosed before and after age 5 years. Accelerated failure time modeling was used to estimate the effect of covariates, including diabetes duration before puberty, on the risk of complications. RESULTS: Prepubertal duration improved the prediction for retinopathy over postpubertal duration alone in the young adults. The survival-free period of retinopathy and microalbuminuria was significantly longer (2-4 years) for those diagnosed before age 5 years compared with those diagnosed after age 5 years. Time to onset of all complications increased progressively with longer diabetes duration before gonadarche. Higher HbA(1c) during adolescence had an independent effect on the risk of retinopathy and microalbuminuria. CONCLUSIONS: Prepubertal diabetes duration remains a significant predictor of retinopathy in young adults. The effect of time on the risk of retinopathy and microalbuminuria is nonuniform, with an increasing delay in the onset of complications in those with longer prepubertal duration. These findings are of major clinical importance when setting targets of glycemic control in young children who are at greatest risk of hypoglycemia. FAU - Donaghue, Kim C
[The prevalence of diabetes in children and adolescents of Beijing].$$$ OBJECTIVE: To study the prevalence of Diabetes mellitus (DM) in children and adolescents and to describe the characteristics on age, gender and district distribution of schoolchildren, in Beijing. METHODS: A cross-sectional screening program the fasting capillary blood glucose (FCBG) was carried out in 19,593 schoolchildren in 7 areas of Beijing from March to October, 2004. According to the WHO diagnostic criteria: DM was set as FCBG < or = 6.1 mmol/L, impaired fasting glucose (IFG) was set as 5.6 mmol/L < or = FCBG < 6.1 mmol/L. RESULTS: The total aggregate age-adjusted prevalence rates of DM and IFG were 5.7 per thousand and 13.5 per thousand, respectively. The prevalence rates of DM and IFG in males were significantly higher than that in females (7.7 per thousand vs. 3.6 per thousand and 26.8 per thousand vs. 11.3 per thousand. DM X2 = 12.27, P = 0.0005; IFG X2 =47.29, P = 0.0000). Among seven districts, East District had the highest prevalence rates of DM and IFG, 8.9 per thousand and 27.4 per thousand (companied high obesity 28.68%) while Ping-Gu District having the lowest ones as 2.0 per thousand and 7.5 per thousand (obese 12.75%) respectively (X2 = 13.75, and X2 = 32.65, P = 0.0002 and P < 0.0001). The DM prevalence rates between districts ranged from 2.0 per thousand to 8.9 per thousand, X2 = 18.94, P = 0.004 and the IFG prevalence of districts ranged from 7.5 per thousand to 27.4 per thousand (X2 = 52.05, P < 0.0001). The prevalence rates of DM among different age groups increased with age, with the highest prevalence of IFG on the 10-14 age group. Among boys, the highest prevalence rates of DM and IFG fell in the 15-18 and 10-14 age groups respectively while the highest prevalence rates on both DM and IFG among girls were in the same age group 10-14. CONCLUSION: The high prevalence rates on DM and IFG were seen in Beijing and showed significant discrimination on age, gender and district distribution. More developed urban district and males had a higher prevalence, companied by higher obesity prevalence. Age seemed to be a high risk factor on DM for boys while the puberty development seemed a high risk factor for girls. FAU - Cao, Bing-Yan
The relationship between the age of onset of type 1 diabetes and the subsequent development of a severe eating disorder by female patients.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To determine the age of onset of type 1 diabetes that is most closely related to the subsequent development of a severe eating disorder such as anorexia nervosa (AN) or bulimia nervosa (BN). METHODS: Participants were 53 female type 1 diabetes patients with AN or BN referred to our outpatient clinic from the Diabetes Center of Tokyo Women's Medical University. Forty-nine female type 1 diabetes patients who regularly visited the Diabetes Center and had no eating disorder-related problems constituted the 'direct control' group, whereas 941 female patients who for the first time visited the Diabetes Center constituted the 'historical control' group. The kernel function method was used to generate a density estimation of the onset age of each group and the chi-square test was used to compare the distribution. RESULTS: The control groups had similar density shapes for the onset age of type 1 diabetes, but both differed from the 'eating disorder' group. For onset age 7-18 yr, the density of the 'eating disorder' group was higher than those of the control groups, but for the younger and older onset ages the densities were lower. The 'eating disorder' group developed type 1 diabetes significantly more frequently than the 'historical control' group between 7 and 18 yr of age (χ2 = 9.066, p < 0.011). CONCLUSION: The development of type 1 diabetes in preadolescence or adolescence seems to place girls at risk for the subsequent development of AN or BN. Careful attention should be paid to these high-risk patients.
Urinary growth hormone excretion during puberty in type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus.$$$ The excretion of urinary growth hormone was measured by a highly sensitive direct immunoradiometric assay in a cross-sectional study during puberty in 70 children with Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus and 94 normal children. In normal children (n = 24) and diabetic children (n = 17) overnight urinary growth hormone excretion correlated significantly with the mean overnight plasma concentration (r = 0.70, p less than 0.001, and r = 0.70, p less than 0.001), indicating that urinary GH excretion reflects the circulating endogenous GH level. Overnight urinary growth hormone excretion increased during puberty. In normal and in diabetic children there was a peak in boys at genital stage 4 (both p less than 0.01), and in girls at breast stage 2 (both p less than 0.02). The diabetic children excreted more urinary growth hormone than the normal children at every pubertal stage. Excretion of albumin, retinol binding protein and N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase was measured in urine from 38 diabetic children. Urinary growth hormone correlated weakly with urinary albumin (r = 0.49, p less than 0.01), retinol binding protein (r = 0.42, p less than 0.01), and N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase (r = 0.43, p less than 0.01). Urinary GH excretion was not related to blood glucose control (HbA1) in boys (n = 31) or girls (n = 39). The measurement of urinary growth hormone provides an assessment of endogenous growth hormone during puberty in normal and diabetic children. However, caution must be exercised in interpreting urinary growth hormone data from diabetic patients with increased excretion of albumin and retinol binding protein. FAU - Hourd, P
Secular trends in growth in diabetes: are we winning?$$$ AIM: To determine potential effects of modern treatment on growth in diabetic children. METHODS: Retrospective analysis of growth in diabetic children stratified by their year of diagnosis between 1974 and 1995. A total of 451 children and adolescents attending the Diabetes Outpatient and Outreach Clinics of Royal Alexandra Hospital for Children in Sydney and rural NSW, Australia were studied. Standard deviation scores (SDS) for height and body mass index (BMI) were assessed at diagnosis, five years later (n = 451), and 10 years later (n = 111). RESULTS: After five years of diabetes duration height SDS loss correlated with higher HbA(1c) and fewer injections. BMI SDS gain correlated with HbA(1c) and age at diagnosis. Although there was no significant difference in their height SDS or age at diagnosis, children diagnosed 1974-90 were significantly shorter than children diagnosed 1991-95 (height SDS 0.07 v 0.37) after five years diabetes duration. Furthermore, over 5 and 10 years, the 1979-90 group had lost significant height SDS (mean change -0.20 at 5 years, -0.29 at 10 years); this did not occur in the 1991-95 group (-0.01 at 5 years, -0.13 at 10 years). The BMI SDS increased significantly after 10 years in the 1974-90 group (mean change 0.37) but not in the 1991-95 group. There was no significant difference in the 174 females' age of menarche (13.0 v 12.8 years). CONCLUSIONS: Children with diabetes treated with modern regimens maintain their increased height from diagnosis better, and after five years diabetes duration, were taller than children diagnosed before 1991. FAU - Donaghue, K C
Visual function in young IDDM patients over 8 years of age. A 4-year longitudinal study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To carry out a longitudinal study of visual functions in young patients over the age of 8 years with IDDM and to assess the impact of metabolic control on the presence of diabetic retinopathy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: There were 37 young IDDM patients from the Paediatric and Adolescent Clinic at the University Hospital of Wales studied annually for 4 years, with a control group of 24 healthy subjects observed over a 2-year period. Assessment of visual functions included visual acuity, color vision, and contrast sensitivity. Ophthalmoscopy and retinal photography were used to determine the presence or absence of diabetic retinopathy. In addition, pubertal status and metabolic control (glycosylated hemoglobin) were determined at each visit. RESULTS: Patients with IDDM demonstrate abnormal color vision and contrast sensitivity compared with the control group (P < 0.05), but visual acuity was unaffected. Visual functions were not significantly different between those IDDM patients with and without retinopathy. After 4 years, diabetic retinopathy was present in 43% of the group and was related to diabetes duration and metabolic control (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Visual function testing could not distinguish between those IDDM patients with and without retinopathy, but the color vision and contrast sensitivity in those with IDDM were significantly impaired compared with the control group. The presence of retinopathy was related to the duration of diabetes and metabolic control. It is important to ensure that good glycemic control and regular attendance for retinopathy screening is encouraged in the adolescent patients. FAU - North, R V
Factors associated with increased risk of insulin pump discontinuation in pediatric patients with type 1 diabetes.$$$ BACKGROUND: There are few reports on rates and predictors for pump discontinuation in the pediatric population. OBJECTIVE: To study the rate of and predictors for insulin pump discontinuation among pediatric patients with type 1 diabetes. METHODS: Medical chart review of 530 patients with type 1 diabetes who had started pump therapy between 2000 and 2008 in our center revealed that 11.3% had discontinued pump use after 3 d to 5 yr; of these, 9.1% discontinued pump use at least 3 months after initiation. Relevant data were retrieved from the files of these patients and from those of 100 randomly assigned pump-treated patients. RESULTS: The pump discontinuation group had a significantly higher proportion of female patients (75 vs. 46%, p = 0.001) and patients above 10 yr of age (93.8 vs. 80%, p = 0.03) than the reference group. Comparable findings were noted for age at diagnosis, pubertal stage, anthropometric data and duration of diabetes at pump initiation, rate of severe hypoglycemic and diabetic ketoacidosis episodes. There were no between-group differences in number of daily insulin injections and blood glucose measurements before pump treatment. At pump initiation, HbA(1c) was significantly higher in patients discontinuing pump therapy than in the controls (8.6 ± 1.4 vs. 8.1 ± 1.0, p = 0.02). This difference was maintained at the last follow-up visit recorded. CONCLUSIONS: Almost 90% of our cohort maintained pump therapy. Female gender, age older than 10 years in girls and poor metabolic control at pump initiation were associated with higher risk for pump discontinuation - for such patients intensified individual and family support may serve to maximize persistent pump therapy.
Inverse relation between dietary fiber intake and visceral adiposity in overweight Latino youth.$$$ BACKGROUND: To date, no studies have assessed the longitudinal changes of dietary intake on metabolic risk factors in Latino youth. OBJECTIVE: We assessed the relation between changes in dietary intake, specifically sugar and fiber intakes, with changes in adiposity and risk factors for type 2 diabetes in a longitudinal analysis of overweight Latino youth. DESIGN: Overweight Latino youth (n = 85; aged 11-17 y) underwent the following measures over 2 y [mean (+/-SD) time difference was 1.5 +/- 0.5 y]: dietary intake by 2-d diet recalls, body composition by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry and magnetic resonance imaging, and glucose and insulin indexes by oral- and intravenous-glucose-tolerance tests. Partial correlations and repeated-measures analysis of covariance assessed the relation between changes in dietary intake with changes in adiposity and glucose and insulin indexes, independent of the following a priori covariates: sex, Tanner stage, time between visits, and baseline dietary and metabolic variables of interest. RESULTS: Increases in total dietary fiber (g/1000 kcal) and insoluble fiber (g/1000 kcal) were associated with decreases in visceral adipose tissue (VAT) (r = -0.29, P = 0.02, and r = -0.27, P = 0.03, for total dietary and insoluble fiber, respectively), independent of baseline covariates and change in subcutaneous abdominal adipose tissue. Participants who had decreased total dietary fiber (mean decrease of 3 g . 1000 kcal(-1) x d(-1)) had significant increases in VAT compared with participants who had increased total dietary fiber (21% compared with -4%; P = 0.02). No other changes in dietary variables were related to changes in adiposity or metabolic variables. CONCLUSION: Small reductions in dietary fiber intake over 1-2 y can have profound effects on increasing visceral adiposity in a high-risk Latino youth population. FAU - Davis, Jaimie N
Pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic insulin-glucose analysis for differentiation of beta-cell function: an 18 month follow-up study in pre-pubertal lean and obese children.$$$ The objective of this study was to analyse the PK/PD of the insulin-glucose physiology for glucose stimulated insulin secretion from beta-cells between lean and obese pre-pubertal children in an 18 month study. The subjects were divided into two groups of six children according to their body mass index (BMI). Each subject was assessed on four occasions: on admission and at 6, 12 and 18 month follow-ups. Each time, 23 blood samples were obtained from the subjects according to the frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test involving a bolus of 250 mg/kg dextrose. For the obese group, a significant difference (p <0.05) was found in the rate constant for the first phase secretion of insulin between the time of admission (1.73 +/- 0.372 min(-1)) and the 18 month follow-up (3.08 +/- 0.391 min(-1)). Additionally, the lean vs obese group comparisons showed a higher first phase insulin secretion rate constant (p <0.05) in the obese group on admission (1.73 +/- 0.372 vs 1.29 +/- 0.278 min(-1)), 6 months (1.96 +/- 0.317 vs 1.32 +/- 0.444 min(-1)), 12 months (2.33 +/- 0.621 vs 1.57 +/- 0.435 min(-1)) and 18 months (3.08 +/- 0.391 vs 1.83 +/- 0.587 min(-1)). The proposed PK/PD model for the insulin secretion from beta-cells is able to identify kinetic differences in first phase insulin secretion between lean and obese non-diabetic pre-pubertal children in this 18 month follow-up study.
Deteriorating diabetic control through adolescence-do the origins lie in childhood?$$$ AIMS: To determine whether intra-individual measures of diabetes control deteriorated through adolescence and whether HbA1c in late childhood was predictive of HbA1c after adolescence. METHODS: Retrospective analysis of sequential 3-6 monthly data including HbA1c, height, weight, and total daily insulin dosage in 118 patients with Type 1 diabetes aged between 8.00 and 17.99 years between 1983 and 1999. RESULTS: In females mean body mass index (BMI) increased sharply during adolescence but there was no significant increase in males. The mean total daily dose of insulin/weight (TDDI/W) increased sharply for females through puberty. Males exhibited a constant rate of increase in mean TDDI/W from pre- to post-puberty. There was a constant increase in mean HbA1c for females, with an estimated increase from pre- to post-puberty of 0.92%. In males there was only a slight increase from pre- to peri-puberty and no change subsequently. Comparing pre-puberty (8-9.99 years) and post-puberty (15-17.99 years) in the total group, 47% of patients remained in the same mean HbA1c grouping, 37% had worsened control and 16% had improved control. Analysis of change in the absolute value of mean HbA1c showed that the majority of patients had mean HbA1c values that remained within +/- 1% (54%) or +/- 2% (82%) from pre- to post-puberty. A significant proportion showed significantly worsening control with only a minority showing improved metabolic control from pre- to post-puberty. CONCLUSIONS: The likelihood of a significant improvement in HbA1c from late childhood to adolescence is remote, with the majority of patients having either constant or deteriorating metabolic control. FAU - Dabadghao, P
Familial risk factors for microvascular complications and differential male-female risk in a large cohort of American families with type 1 diabetes.$$$ CONTEXT: Type 1 diabetes (T1D) complications are responsible for much of the disease morbidity. Evidence suggests that familial factors exert an influence on susceptibility to complications. OBJECTIVES: We investigated familial risk factors and gender differences for retinopathy, nephropathy, and neuropathy. DESIGN AND SETTING: This study was a case-control design nested on a cohort of T1D families. We collected data (questionnaire, medical records) starting in 1988. Follow-up has been ongoing since 2004. PATIENTS: There were 8114 T1D patients among 6707 families. All patients had T1D onset age younger than 30 yr and required insulin treatment. Patients who remained without a complication after more than 15 yr of diabetes were considered to be without that complication for our analyses. RESULTS: A complication in a sibling increased the risk for that complication among probands: odds ratio 9.9 (P < 0.001) for retinopathy, 6.2 for nephropathy (P < 0.001), and 2.2 for neuropathy (P < 0.05). Compared with male probands, a female T1D proband had 1.7-fold higher retinopathy risk (P < 0.001) and 2-fold higher neuropathy risk (P < 0.001). T1D cases with onset between ages 5 and 14 yr had an increased complications risk compared with subjects diagnosed either at a very young age or after puberty. The presence of one complication significantly increased the risk for others. If a parent had type 2 diabetes, the risk for nephropathy increased (odds ratio 1.9, P < 0.01, but T1D in a parent did not increase the risk). CONCLUSIONS: We confirmed that familial factors influence T1D microvascular pathologies, suggesting a shared genetic basis for complications, perhaps independent of T1D susceptibility. We also found an unexpected increased female risk for complications. FAU - Monti, Maria C
Risk factors for microalbuminuria in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to investigate the influence of sex, age, diabetes duration, puberty, blood pressure, glycemic control and parental blood pressure on microalbuminuria in children with type 1 diabetes. STUDY DESIGN: The study was a multicenter cross-sectional survey including 702 children and adolescents (age = 14.3+/-2.9 yr) with type 1 diabetes duration of 7.6+/-3.1 yr. One third of the population had not undergone pubertal development. Blood pressure was measured in children and their parents using a Dinamap instrument. Microalbuminuria was defined as a urinary albumin excretion rate > or = 15 microg/min measured on at least two out of three urine collections. HbA1c centrally measured by HPLC, was 8.7+/-1.5%. RESULTS: The proportion of permanent microalbuminuria was 5.1+/-1.6%. The prevalence was significantly enhanced after 10 yr of diabetes duration (11.6+/-5.2%) and complete puberty (8.2+/-3.1%). Independent risk factors for microalbuminuria tested in a logistic regression model were diabetes duration (OR/1 yr = 1.04-1.32), complete puberty (OR = 5.02-8.0), and maternal hypertension (OR = 1.94-4.28). HbA1c had a borderline independent and significant effect (OR/1% = 0.96-1.62; p = 0.07). CONCLUSIONS: Our results indicate that pubertal adolescents with a long duration of the disease and maternal history of hypertension are candidates for targeted interventions with the objective of reducing the rate of developing nephropathy in these individuals. FAU - Lévy-Marchal, C
Persistent microalbuminuria in adolescents with type I (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus is associated to early rather than late puberty. Results of a prospective longitudinal study.$$$ Microalbuminuria is generally accepted to be highly predictive of overt diabetic nephropathy which is the leading cause of end-stage renal failure and, consequently, of death in patients with type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus (IDDM). Its early identification and therapy are exceedingly important. We studied prospectively the occurrence of microalbuminuria (MA) in relation to puberty and its pubertal stages in 164 children and adolescent patients (83 girls and 81 boys) with IDDM. Analysing 100 healthy subjects, normal values for albumin excretion (range: 0-10.1 micrograms/min/1.73 m2) according to sex and the different pubertal stages were defined. No significant difference between the groups were noted and, therefore, 20 micrograms/min per 1.73 m2 (3 SD above the mean) was generally defined as cutoff for MA. Of the patients with IDDM studied, 20% (20 females and 12 males) developed persistent MA (22.1-448.2 micrograms/min/1.73 m2) during the study period of 8 years. The first manifestation of persistent MA was in 69% (13 females and 9 males) during stages of early and midpuberty; and in 28% (6 females and 3 males) at a late pubertal stage or at the end of puberty. The only child who developed MA before the onset of puberty (range: 23.5-157.4 micrograms/min/1.73 m2) was found to have dystopic kidney. Therefore, all patients with IDDM should be screened for MA regardless of diabetes duration, sex and level of diabetes control beginning at the very first stage of puberty and neither earlier nor after puberty as suggested by the American Diabetes Association. FAU - Janner, M
Association of physical activity with insulin sensitivity in children.$$$ BACKGROUND: Physical activity (PA) has been shown to improve insulin resistance and other cardiovascular disease risk factors in normal and diabetic adults and in obese youth, but not in non-diabetic, normal-weight children. METHODS: Data from 357 non-diabetic children (10-16 y) were used to examine cross-sectional associations with PA. Insulin sensitivity was assessed with a euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp and expressed as M(ffm) (glucose utilization/kg of fat-free mass/min). RESULTS: Correlations were adjusted for age, sex, race and Tanner stage. PA was significantly correlated with fasting insulin and insulin sensitivity (r=-0.12, P=0.03 and r=0.13, P=0.001, respectively), more strongly in children with above-median systolic blood pressure (r=-0.17, P=0.03 and r=0.35, P=0.0001, respectively). Further adjustment for body mass index, body fat percentage, waist circumference or lipids did not alter these observations. CONCLUSIONS: Physical activity is correlated with lower fasting insulin and greater insulin sensitivity in childhood. These results are consistent with the hypothesis that increasing physical activity among youth may reduce the incidence of type 2 diabetes in children and adolescents. FAU - Schmitz, K H
Polycystic ovary syndrome after precocious pubarche: ontogeny of the low-birthweight effect.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Young girls with precocious pubarche (PP) are at increased risk of developing polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), including hyperinsulinism, dyslipidaemia and ovarian hyperandrogenism, particularly if PP itself was preceded by a low birthweight. Resistance to insulin is thought to be a key factor in the pathogenesis of this sequence. We aimed to elucidate the peripubertal ontogeny of the low birthweight effect on hyperinsulinism, dyslipidaemia and ovarian dysfunction after PP. PATIENTS AND DESIGN: We obtained fully longitudinal data from 51 girls with a history of PP and compared normal-birthweight (n = 26) with low-birthweight (n = 25) girls (birthweight SD score 0.0 +/- 0-2 vs. - 2.4 +/- 0.2) for measurements obtained at diagnosis of PP (mean age 7.0 years), in early puberty (10.4 years) and after menarche (14.3 years). MEASUREMENTS: Fasting serum lipids and lipoproteins, together with insulin responses to an oral glucose load, were assessed at diagnosis of PP, in early puberty and after menarche; serum gonadotropins were measured in early puberty and after menarche; ovarian function was examined postmenarche. RESULTS: Comparisons of endocrine-metabolic results between normal- and low-birthweight PP girls showed no detectable differences before puberty. The hypertriglyceridaemia and elevated LDL-cholesterol levels characterizing low-birthweight PP girls became detectable by early puberty; reduced insulin sensitivity was not evident until postmenarche, when the tendency to ovarian dysfunction also became obvious. Body mass indices of normal- and low-birthweight subgroups were identical in early puberty and postmenarche. CONCLUSIONS: These longitudinal data show that, in PP girls, the endocrine-metabolic risk conferred by prenatal growth restraint is not readily detectable until puberty or postmenarche, and is not attributable to a higher body mass index. FAU - Ibáñez, L
Autonomic function in a cohort of children with diabetes.$$$ 129 diabetic children in Avon County participated in a longitudinal study of the evolution of microvascular disease together with 129 age- and sex-matched controls. Diabetic children had mean (+/- SD) age 12.7 (+/- 3.4) years (range: 3.7-16.8), mean (+/- SD) diabetes duration 3.9 (+/- 3.2) years (range: 0.1-13.4) and mean (+/- SD) HbA1 11.1% (+/- 2.2) (range: 6.5-18.2). Cardiovascular autonomic function was studied by four heart rate (HR) tests using a computerized system of HR monitoring. As a group, diabetic children had higher mean HR (p = 0.0004) and reduced max/min HR ratio while standing (p = 0.001), compared with the control children. HR ratio while standing was the only variable related to diabetes duration (r = -0.20, p = 0.018), while no correlation of HR variables with glycaemic control was found. Twenty diabetic children (15.5%) had one abnormal HR test. Ten diabetic children (7.7%) demonstrated abnormality in two or more HR tests. When compared with the other diabetic children in the cohort, these ten children were found to be younger in age (mean age: 9.4 vs 12.0 yr, p = 0.05), but did not otherwise differ in terms of diabetes duration or glycaemic control. No pubertal or sex effect in the development of diabetic autonomic neuropathy was detected. These findings suggest that autonomic function may be impaired early in childhood diabetes, independent of the duration of the disease or the quality of glycaemic control. FAU - Karavanaki, K
Mortality and hormone-related exposures in women with diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Hormone-related events and exposures are related to mortality and especially to cardiovascular disease in women. We evaluated whether such exposures influenced risk in a well-defined group of women with diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Women with younger- and older-onset diabetes who were identified during a population-based study were queried about number of pregnancies, age at menarche, use of oral contraceptives, use of estrogen replacement therapy, and menopausal status at examinations in 1984-1986. Analyses are limited to women aged > or = 18 years (n = 398 and 542 in those with younger- and older-onset diabetes, respectively). Cohort mortality was monitored carefully, and causes of death were abstracted from death certificates. RESULTS: There were 58 deaths in the first group and 338 deaths in the second group since the 1984-1986 examination. The number of pregnancies was significantly associated with all-cause mortality (hazard ratio, 0.96 [95% CI 0.92-1.00]) in older-onset women only. CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest and are compatible with the notion that the hormone exposures examined are unrelated to cardiovascular mortality in women with diabetes, with the exception of a minimal effect of the number of pregnancies in older-onset women. Whether there is a difference in these exposure-outcome relationships between women with diabetes and those without diabetes is uncertain and requires further investigation. FAU - Klein, B E
Factors influencing height and weight development in children with diabetes. Results of the Berlin Retinopathy Study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the influence of glycemic control and insulin therapy on the longitudinal growth and weight development of children with diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Prospective measurements of standing height and weight were recorded longitudinally in 634 children after IDDM onset (median age at onset, 9 years [range 1-15 years]; median diabetes duration at final examination, 11 years [range 1-19]; 3,236 patient-years on two or three injections daily; 399 patient-years on multiple injection therapy [MIT]). RESULTS: Normal development was found until puberty, with a tendency toward stunted growth and overweight (weight > 97th centile) thereafter. Female sex (P < 0.01) and MIT (P < 0.01) were associated with overweight. Final height was evaluated in a subgroup of 197 young adults followed until age 18 years. Relative growth was calculated as the difference between the standard deviation scores (SDSs) at manifestation (median 0.2 [range -3.5 to 2.9]) and at 18 years of age (reduction of -0.5 [-2.5 to 1.8]), equivalent to a median loss of 2.9 cm in boys and 2.3 cm in girls. Significant linear correlations with the change in height SDS after diabetes manifestation were found for age at manifestation (r = 0.21, P < 0.001) and prepubertal (r = -0.40, P < 0.001) and postpubertal HbA1c (r = -0.15, P < 0.001). While children with poorer relative growth also had a higher BMI (P < 0.05), no influences of sex, prevalence of limited joint mobility, or presence of retinopathy were found. CONCLUSIONS: Female sex and MIT are associated with diabetes-related obesity. Prepubertal and postpubertal glycemic control appear to be of importance for the diabetes-associated relative growth deficit. FAU - Danne, T
Physical activity attenuates the mid-adolescent peak in insulin resistance but by late adolescence the effect is lost: a longitudinal study with annual measures from 9-16 years (EarlyBird 66).$$$ AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The aim of this work was to test whether the mid-adolescent peak in insulin resistance (IR) and trends in other metabolic markers are influenced by long-term exposure to physical activity. METHODS: Physical activity (7 day ActiGraph accelerometry), HOMA-IR and other metabolic markers (glucose, fasting insulin, HbA1c, lipids and BP) were measured annually from age 9 years to 16 years in 300 children (151 boys) from the EarlyBird study in Plymouth, UK. The activity level of each child was characterised, with 95% reliability, by averaging their eight annual physical activity measures. Age-related trends in IR and metabolic health were analysed by multi-level modelling, with physical activity as the exposure measure (categorical and continuous) and body fat percentage (assessed by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry) and pubertal status (according to age at peak height velocity and Tanner stage) as covariates. RESULTS: The peak in IR at age 12-13 years was 17% lower (p < 0.001) in the more active adolescents independently of body fat percentage and pubertal status. However, this difference diminished progressively over the next 3 years and had disappeared completely by the age of 16 years (e.g. difference was -14% at 14 years, -8% at 15 years and +1% at 16 years; 'physical activity × age(2), interaction, p < 0.01). Triacylglycerol levels in girls (-9.7%, p = 0.05) and diastolic blood pressure in boys (-1.20 mmHg, p = 0.03) tended to be lower throughout adolescence in the more active group. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Our finding that physical activity attenuates IR during mid-adolescence may be clinically important. It remains to be established whether the temporary attenuation in IR during this period has implications for the development of diabetes in adolescence and for future metabolic health generally. FAU - Metcalf, Brad S
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is associated with hepatic and skeletal muscle insulin resistance in overweight adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and insulin resistance are common in overweight adolescents. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to determine the relation between NAFLD and insulin sensitivity in liver and skeletal muscle by studying overweight adolescents with a normal or high intrahepatic triglyceride (IHTG) content, who were matched for age, sex, body mass index (BMI; in kg/m(2)), and Tanner stage. DESIGN: Stable-isotope-labeled tracer infusion and the hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp procedure were used to assess skeletal muscle and hepatic insulin sensitivity, and magnetic resonance spectroscopy was used to assess the IHTG content in 10 overweight (BMI = 35.9 +/- 1.3) adolescents with NAFLD (IHTG = 28.4 +/- 3.4%) and 10 overweight (BMI = 36.6 +/- 1.5) adolescents with a normal IHTG content (3.3 +/- 0.5%). RESULTS: The baseline plasma glucose concentration and the rate of appearance of glucose in plasma were the same in subjects with a normal (87.1 +/- 1.2 mg/dL, 16.2 +/- 1.1 micromol . kg fat-free mass(-1) . min(-1)) or high (89.2 +/- 2.5 mg/dL, 16.3 +/- 1.2 micromol . kg fat-free mass(-1) . min(-1)) IHTG content. However, compared with subjects who had a normal IHTG content, subjects with NAFLD had a lower hepatic insulin sensitivity index, based on baseline glucose kinetics and insulin concentrations (4.0 +/- 0.5 compared with 2.4 +/- 0.4; P < 0.05) and an impaired increase in glucose uptake during insulin infusion (169 +/- 28.1% compared with 67 +/- 9.6% above baseline; P < 0.01). In addition, the plasma triglyceride concentration was greater and the plasma HDL-cholesterol concentration was lower in subjects with NAFLD than in those with a normal IHTG content. CONCLUSION: An elevated IHTG content in overweight adolescents is associated with dyslipidemia and with insulin-resistant glucose metabolism in both liver and skeletal muscle. FAU - Deivanayagam, Sheela
Insulin sensitivity, lipids, and body composition in childhood: is "syndrome X" present?$$$ Syndrome X, or the syndrome of insulin resistance, is a cluster of related metabolic abnormalities of hyperinsulinemia, glucose intolerance, increased very low density lipoprotein (VLDL), decreased high density lipoprotein (HDL), and hypertension in nonobese adults and plays an important role in the genesis of cardiovascular disease. The aim of the present study was to examine the relationships among insulin sensitivity, plasma lipid levels, and body composition in the pediatric age group to determine whether these associations are present in childhood. Twenty healthy Caucasian Tanner stage I (TI) children (age, 10.7 +/- 0.3 yr; body mass index, 18.9 +/- 0.8 kg/m2) and 22 pubertal Tanner stage II-IV (TII-IV) adolescents (age, 14.0 +/- 0.3 yr; body mass index, 20.0 +/- 0.4 kg/m2) were studied. In vivo insulin-mediated glucose disposal (Rd) was evaluated during a 40 mu/m2. min hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp. Body composition was assessed isotopically by the H218O dilution principle. Fasting blood was obtained for cholesterol, triglyceride (TG), VLDL, low density lipoprotein (LDL), and HDL determinations. In both groups, the strongest correlation of Rd was with percent body fat (%BF) (TI: r = -0.82; P < 0.001; TII-IV: r = -0.73; P < 0.001). In addition, in TI, Rd was correlated with TG (r = 0.64; P = 0.001), VLDL (r = 0.64; P = 0.001), and diastolic blood pressure (r = -0.50; P = 0.01). There were no such correlations in TII-IV. In TI, % BF correlated positively with LDL and negatively with TG and VLDL. In TII-IV, % BF correlated positively with cholesterol and LDL. After correcting for %BF, partial correlation analysis revealed no relationship between Rd and lipid levels in either group. This suggests that the relationship of insulin sensitivity to lipid levels was secondary to the effect of body composition on lipid levels. However, regardless of body composition, the basal insulin level was correlated with TG (r = 0.38; P = 0.04) and VLDL (r = 0.40; P = 0.04) in TII-IV subjects. We conclude that 1) the primary correlate of insulin sensitivity is %BF in both prepubertal and pubertal subjects, with no relationship to plasma lipids; 2) in prepubertal children, diastolic blood pressure is negatively correlated with insulin sensitivity and positively with insulin levels, independent of adiposity; and 3) after the onset of puberty, basal insulin levels are positively correlated with VLDL and TG regardless of the degree of adiposity. This observation could be a very early manifestation of the genesis of syndrome X in childhood. FAU - Arslanian, S
Transient neonatal diabetes mellitus: a relapse after 10 years of complete remission.$$$ The follow-up study of a patient with permanent diabetes (DM) unrelated to islet cell antibody and anti-insulin antibodies and occurring 10 years after a transient neonatal DM episode is reported. A latent defect in insulin release was proved. It produced transient glucosuria during intercurrent illnesses and permanent hyperglycaemia and a decrease in growth velocity [with high stimulated growth hormone and low insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I)] at the onset of puberty. After insulin therapy was re-introduced, catch-up growth and normalization of the blood glucose and IGF-I levels were noted. FAU - Vanelli, M
Long-acting somatostatin analogue (Sandostatin) reduces late night insulinopenic ketogenesis in diabetic teenagers.$$$ Ten diabetic teenagers were admitted into our hospital for two nights, separated by one week. In a double-blind cross-over randomized study they received either 50 micrograms of the new long-acting somatostatin analogue Sandostatin sc or placebo. All patients were between 12 and 16 years of age, C-peptide negative with a duration of diabetes of at least four years. They had either conventional therapy or insulin pump therapy. Insulin doses and diets were kept unchanged. Blood samples were taken half hourly from 17.00 h until 09.30 h the next morning from an indwelling venous catheter. Hormonal and metabolic profiles on the two nights were evaluated by means of a distribution free time sequential co-movement analysis and by the paired Wilcoxon's signed rank test. After Sandostatin was given at 22.00 h, GH levels were significantly suppressed during 4 h. During that period blood glucose was slightly but significantly lower than after placebo. The free-insulin profiles from both nights were very comparable. Co-movement analysis showed a significant correlation between glucose and free insulin variations with a 30-min backward shift of the glucose curve. However, after Sandostatin administration this relation was lost in the period between 22.00 and 07.00 h, indicating a different effect of insulin on glucose levels during the nights Sandostatin was given. Early morning glucose rises were associated with free insulin levels below 20 mU/l. This association was not altered during the Sandostatin nights. Glucagon was not suppressed by Sandostatin except at 120 min after injection, and remained unchanged during the rest of the observation period.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS) FAU - Aarsen, R S
Impaired endothelial function in female adolescents with type 1 diabetes measured by peripheral artery tonometry.$$$ BACKGROUND: The reactive hyperemia peripheral artery tonometry (RH-PAT) is a newly developed method for non-invasive endothelial function assessment. OBJECTIVE: The goal of this study is to determine whether a significant difference in RH-PAT score is present between adolescents with type 1 diabetes (T1D) in comparison with controls. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Thirty-four adolescents with T1D and 25 control subjects (age 12-20 years) underwent RH-PAT endothelial function testing after an overnight fast. Height, weight, body mass index (BMI), blood pressure (BP), fasting lipid profile, Tanner stage, and glucose level were determined in each child. RESULTS: Adolescents with T1D had significantly lower RH-PAT scores compared to healthy controls, and this difference remained significant when overweight cases were not considered (p < 0.05). This difference was also observed in the female subgroup (p = 0.005). The interindividual variability in RH-PAT observations in T1D cases was not explained by BMI standard deviation score (SDS), BP SDS, age, duration of T1D, hemoglobin A1c, triglycerides, and pubertal stage, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: The RH-PAT technique is used as a non-invasive test to assess for early vascular changes in high-risk patient groups. Endothelial dysfunction, measured by RH-PAT, was present in diabetic adolescent, especially in the female subgroup. Although additional longitudinal studies are required, early detection of this reversible process may have therapeutic and prognostic implications. FAU - Pareyn, Aagje
Decrease in serum adiponectin levels associated with visceral fat accumulation independent of pubertal stage in children and adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Childhood obesity is an important risk factor for the development of insulin resistance (IR) and its co-morbidities. However, visceral adipose tissue (VAT) rather than obesity appears to have a determining role in the development of IR. Adiponectin is considered a key molecule for protection against metabolic abnormalities related to IR. Several studies have documented that lower adiponectin concentrations are related to VAT, but the results are still controversial. We undertook this study to assess the association between VAT and adiponectin concentrations with respect to body mass index (BMI) and pubertal stage in children and adolescents. METHODS: Eighty five subjects were studied (46 prepubertal and 39 pubertal) and classified according to BMI into obese and normal weight groups. All participants were given a clinical examination. Glucose, insulin, lipid profile and adiponectin were measured. VAT was estimated using helical computed tomography. RESULTS: In the prepubertal group, obese children had lower adiponectin concentrations than nonobese subjects (p <0.001) but not in pubertal group (p = 0.67). When the total population was subclassified according to VAT, those with higher VAT had greater systolic and diastolic blood pressure, triglycerides, post-load glucose, insulin and HOMA-IR (p <0.001) compared to those with less VAT. HDL-C and adiponectin values trends to diminish as VAT increased (p = 0.005 and p = 0.015, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Adiponectin concentrations are inversely associated with VAT in children. The higher amount of VAT is related to metabolic abnormalities including lower values of adiponectin, which could confer a greater risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease.
Adding liraglutide to lifestyle changes, metformin and testosterone therapy boosts erectile function in diabetic obese men with overt hypogonadism.$$$ The aim of this retrospective observational study was to evaluate whether adding liraglutide to lifestyle changes, metformin (Met) and testosterone replacement therapy (TRT), by means of improving weight and glycaemic control, could boost erectile function in type 2 diabetic obese men with overt hypogonadism and erectile dysfunction (ED) in a 'real-life setting'. Forty-three obese, diabetic and hypogonadal men (aged 45-59 years) were evaluated because of complaining about the recent onset of ED. They were subdivided into two groups according to whether hypogonadism occurred after puberty (G1; n = 30: 25 with dysfunctional hypogonadism and 5 with acquired hypogonadotropic hypogonadism) or before puberty (G2; n = 13: 10 with Klinefelter's syndrome and 3 with idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism). Both G1 and G2 patients were given a combination of testosterone (T) [testosterone undecanoate (TU) 1000 mg/every 12 weeks] and Met (2000-3000 mg/day) for 1 year. In the poor responders (N) to this therapy in terms of glycaemic target (G1N: n = 16; G2N: n = 10), liraglutide (L) (1.2 μg/day) was added for a second year, while the good responders (Y) to T + Met (G1Y: 14/30 and G2Y: 3/13) continued this two drugs regimen therapy for another year. All patients were asked to fill in the International Index of Erectile Function (IIEF 15) questionnaire before starting TU plus Met (T1) and after 12 months (T2) and 24 months (T3) of treatment. Patients underwent a clinical examination and a determination of serum sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG), total testosterone (T) and glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c) at T1, T2 and T3. At T2, each patient obtained an improvement of ED (p < 0.01) and of the metabolic parameters without reaching, however, the glycaemic goals [HbA1c = >7.5% (>58 mmol/mol)], while T turned out to be within the range of young men. L added to TU and Met regimen in G1N and G2N allowed these patients to reach not only the glycaemic target [HbA1c = <7.5% (<58 nmol/mol)] and a significant reduction in body weight (p < 0.01), but also a further increase in SHBG (p < 0.05) and T (p < 0.01) plasma levels as well as a significant increment of IIEF score (T3). Conversely, at T3 G1Y and G2Y, who received the combined therapy with TRT and Met for the second year, showed a partial failure of that treatment given that there was no improvement of the IIEF score and they showed a significant rise in serum HbA1c (p < 0.05) and weight (p < 0.04) compared with the assessments at T2. These results suggest that TRT could improve clinical and metabolic parameters in obese, type 2 diabetic men with ED and overt hypogonadism (independently of when T deficit occurred). Furthermore, in case of insufficient metabolic control the addition of L to TRT and Met regimen allows to achieve serum T levels in the range of healthy men, as well as to reach glycaemic target and to lower weight, leading to a considerable improvement of ED.
Habitually higher dietary glycemic index during puberty is prospectively related to increased risk markers of type 2 diabetes in younger adulthood.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Carbohydrate nutrition during periods of physiological insulin resistance such as puberty may affect future risk of type 2 diabetes. This study examined whether the amount or the quality (dietary glycemic index [GI], glycemic load [GL], and added sugar, fiber, and whole-grain intake) of carbohydrates during puberty is associated with risk markers of type 2 diabetes in younger adulthood. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: The analysis was based on 226 participants (121 girls and 105 boys) from the Dortmund Nutritional and Anthropometric Longitudinally Designed Study (DONALD) with an average of five 3-day weighed dietary records (range 2-6) during puberty (girls, age 9-14 years; boys, age 10-15 years) and fasting blood samples in younger adulthood (age 18-36 years) (average duration of follow-up 12.6 years). Multivariable linear regression was used to analyze the associations between carbohydrate nutrition and homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) as well as the liver enzymes alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and γ-glutamyltransferase (GGT) (n = 214). RESULTS: A higher dietary GI was prospectively related to greater values of HOMA-IR (P(trend) = 0.03), ALT (P(trend) = 0.02), and GGT (P(trend) = 0.04). After adjustment for sex, adult age, baseline BMI, and early life and socioeconomic factors as well as protein and fiber intake, predicted mean HOMA-IR values in energy-adjusted tertiles of GI were 2.37 (95% CI 2.16-2.60), 2.47 (2.26-2.71), and 2.59 (2.35-2.85). The amount of carbohydrates, GL, and added sugar, fiber, and whole-grain intake were not related to the analyzed markers. CONCLUSIONS: Our data indicate that a habitually higher dietary GI during puberty may adversely affect risk markers of type 2 diabetes in younger adulthood. FAU - Goletzke, Janina
The epidemiology of diabetes in Swedish children 0-14 years--a six-year prospective study.$$$ Since 1 July 1977, all newly diagnosed diabetic children in Sweden aged 0-14 years have been reported to a central register. During the first 6 years, 2300 newly diagnosed diabetic children out of a population of 1.6 million children were registered. The degree of certainty was close to 100%. The mean of the yearly incidence rate for the whole 6 year period was 23.6 per 100000. The prevalence of insulin dependent diabetes mellitus on 1 July 1980 was 1.48 per 1000 and 1.52 on 1 July 1983. Comparing the first and second 3-year periods, an increase was found (22.7-25.1 per 100000). This increase was consistent when analyzing incidence rates by age, sex, and geographical distribution. Cumulative incidence rates revealed a risk of developing diabetes by the age of 15 years of 3.6 per thousand for boys and 3.2 per thousand for girls. The higher incidence for boys was consistent throughout the study period. Seasonal variations in the incidence rate were also consistent, showing yearly incidence peaks in the autumn and winter months. Incidence peaks were noted for both sexes in the pubertal ages. Age- and sex-standardized morbidity ratios varied significantly within the country. 12.8% of the probands had a first degree relative with Type 1 diabetes, and it was twice as common that this relative was a father as a mother. The high and rapidly increasing incidence of Type 1 diabetes in a genetically stable population such as Sweden calls for case-control studies directed towards the identification of environmental pathogens. FAU - Dahlquist, G
Predictive value of age-related acute insulin response to glucose in subjects at risk for type 1 diabetes: results of a 6-year follow-up study from west-France.$$$ The acute insulin response to i.v. glucose (AIRG) was evaluated in 344 first-degree relatives of patients with Type 1 diabetes. In 318 relatives aged 3 to 48 years without islet cell antibody and insulin autoantibody, correlations (p < 0.0006) were found between age and fasting insulinaemia, fasting glycaemia, or AIRG, with a peak during puberty. Assuming that these relatives without islet cells and insulin auto-antibodies have a low risk of developing Type 1 diabetes, we provided a "standard age-related chart" for AIRG with a "low" AIRG defined as a value below the 1st percentile for each pubertal stage. Using these cut-off points, predictive characteristics of a low AIRG for progression towards diabetes within 6 years were analysed. Four relatives developed diabetes and one displayed impaired oral glucose tolerance. Four out of these 5 subjects had islet cell and insulin auto-antibodies, but the other one was negative for these markers. Three of these 5 subjects had low AIRG at entry (30, 24 and 1 months before diabetes, respectively). The two others displayed a steady progressive decline (p < 0.02) of age-related during the follow-up before impaired oral glucose tolerance and diabetes appeared (rate of decline: 15 microU/ml/year). Thus, independently of the presence of islet cell antibodies, the predictive value of a low age-related AIRG during the follow-up is greater than the single low AIRG at entry.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS) FAU - Bardet, S
Fluorescein angiography in diabetic children. A follow-up.$$$ The present study is a fluorescein angiographic follow-up of 60 diabetic children (aged 12 -- 16 years). At the follow-up, with two-thirds of the children in pubescence, fluorescein angiography revealed diabetic retinopathy in 10 (17%) of the children. The results indicate puberty as a probable determining factor influencing the onset of the diabetic retinopathy. FAU - Frost-Larsen, K
Higher levels of IGF-I and adrenal androgens at age 8 years are associated with earlier age at menarche in girls.$$$ CONTEXT: Earlier age at menarche is associated with rapid infancy weight gain and childhood obesity. The role of hormone levels in mediating these associations is unclear. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to identify childhood hormone levels at age 8 yr that are associated with early menarche, independent of body size. DESIGN, SETTINGS, AND SUBJECTS: A total of 329 girls from a prospective United Kingdom birth cohort study provided blood samples at mean age 8.1 yr (range, 8.0-8.5) for hormone measurements and were followed longitudinally to establish age at menarche. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Fasting plasma levels of IGF-I, androstenedione, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS), leptin, insulin, IGF binding protein-1, and SHBG were measured. Age at menarche was reported by questionnaire and categorized as before 12.0, 12.0-13.0, or later than 13 yr. RESULTS: Earlier menarche was associated with greater body weight, height, and body mass index at age 8 yr (all P-trend <0.001). Before adjustment for body size, earlier menarche was associated with higher levels of IGF-I, androstenedione, DHEAS, leptin, and fasting insulin, and with lower levels of IGF binding protein-1 and SHBG at age 8 yr (all P < 0.01). After adjustment for body mass index and height at age 8 yr, only IGF-I (P = 0.004), androstenedione (P = 0.01), and DHEAS (P = 0.01) remained associated with earlier menarche. CONCLUSIONS: Associations between higher levels of IGF-I and adrenal androgens at age 8 yr with earlier menarche, independent of body size, support functional roles of these hormones in regulating puberty timing in girls. Higher levels of these hormones reported in children who exhibited rapid weight gain during infancy may indicate their role in developmental pathways leading to earlier sexual maturation. FAU - Thankamony, Ajay
Insulin sensitivity in growth hormone-deficient children: influence of replacement treatment.$$$ OBJECTIVE: In adults, excessive GH secretion may lead to secondary diabetes mellitus, while prolonged GH treatment may accelerate the onset of type 2 diabetes mellitus in predisposed children. The aim of the study was to evaluate insulin sensitivity (IS) and glucose tolerance (GT) in a group of GH-deficient children treated with GH for a period of 6 years. PATIENTS AND DESIGN: One hundred and twenty-eight children (40 females, 88 males) were included in the study. At the beginning of treatment chronological age was 8.9 +/- 3.2 years, height standard deviation score (SDS) -2.43 +/- 0.90 and body mass index (BMI) SDS 0.18 +/- 1.60. At the end of the study chronological age was 13.0 +/- 2.9 years, height SDS -1.24 +/- 1.27 and BMI SDS 0.23 +/- 1.54. GH was administered at a mean weekly dosage of 0.3 mg/kg, injected subcutaneously over 6-7 days. GT was assessed according to the criteria of the Expert Committee on the Diagnosis and Classification of Diabetes Mellitus. IS was evaluated with the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI). RESULTS: No cases of impaired GT or diabetes were recorded during the follow-up period. IS, already lower than in controls before starting treatment with GH, decreased significantly during the first year of therapy (QUICKI: 0.346 +/- 0.033 vs. 0.355 +/- 0.044, P < 0.05), with no further decrease in the following years. No correlation was found between QUICKI, BMI, years of treatment and onset of puberty. CONCLUSIONS: GH treatment in GH-deficient children does not lead to an impaired GT or type 2 diabetes mellitus, although it does significantly decrease IS. FAU - Radetti, Giorgio
[Pubertal growth, final height and weight gain in girls diagnosed with IDDM during pre-pubertal period].$$$ OBJECTIVE: Girls diagnosed of type 1 diabetes mellitus during the prepubertal stage may present reduced longitudinal growth and have a tendency to be overweight after puberty starts. Our objective was to evaluate the growth, pubertal growth spurt, final height and weight gain of diabetic girls diagnosed of insulin dependent diabetes during the prepubertal period. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We evaluated retrospectively the longitudinal growth and body mass index (BMI) of 17 girls diagnosed of type 1 diabetes before puberty, from the time of diagnosis until final height. The effects of age at diagnosis, evolution time, insulin therapy (conventional or intensified), insulin dose and metabolic control on growth were analyzed. RESULTS: The final height attained was 161 +/- 4 cm, which is within the target height range. The height at diagnosis (0.31 +/- 0.71) was normal in relationship to the reference population, showing a significant reduction upon reaching the final height (-0.18 +/- 0.77). The BMI was significantly increased when it was compared at final height (0.99 +/- 0.79) with the index obtained one year after the onset of diabetes (0.04 +/- 0.63). The insulin therapy regimen did not affect the evolution of the patients and no significant relationship existed between the age at diagnosis, duration of diabetes, daily insulin dosage or metabolic control and height or BMI. CONCLUSIONS: The final height of type 1 diabetic girls is reduced and adolescent diabetic girls have a tendency to be overweight. Metabolic control (for the range observed in these patients) or insulin dosage does not seem to affect the growth of diabetic girls. FAU - Roldán Martín, M B
Development and progression of microalbuminuria in a clinic sample of patients with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.$$$ The evolution of abnormal albumin excretion and its association with suggested risk factors were studied in 233 children with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) attending a single paediatric diabetic clinic over an eight year period. Yearly albumin:creatinine ratios (ACR; measured in mg/mmol) in early morning urine samples, glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c), and blood pressure were recorded. Thirty four (14.5%) children had a persistently raised ACR (ACR > or = 2.5 mg/mmol on at least three consecutive occasions) and 21 (9%) had an intermittently raised ACR (ACR > or = 2.5 mg/mmol on at least two occasions). Factors associated with a persistently raised ACR compared with normal albuminuria in IDDM included longer duration of diabetes, raised median HbA1c during the first five years after diagnosis, and final age adjusted systolic and diastolic blood pressure represented as standard deviation scores. The onset of persistently raised ACR in 13 of 34 children was before puberty and in 23 of 34 children it was within the first four years of diagnosis. The cross sectional prevalence of raised ACR was 12.9% at one year, 18.3% at five years, and 33% at 10 years after diagnosis. Raised ACR occurs frequently before puberty and in the early stages of childhood diabetes. FAU - Jones, C A
Risk factors for expression and progression of limited joint mobility in insulin-dependent childhood diabetes.$$$ We studied the prevalence of limited joint mobility (LJM) in 100 diabetic children and 100 non-diabetic controls. Our objective was to find possible predictors for the expression and progression of LJM and to evaluate the relationship between LJM and other long-term complications of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. LJM was present in 36% of diabetic patients aged 2-20 years. It was significantly related to duration of disease and longitudinal glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) concentrations, pubertal stage, number of ketoacidosis and skin changes. Fourteen patients had peripheral neuropathy, 16 had microalbuminuria, 8 had nephropathy, and 7 had retinopathy. After matching for duration of disease, HbA1c concentrations and pubertal stage, a comparison of the complication rates was made. All long-term complications were significantly associated with LJM. Longer duration of disease and higher mean longitudinal glycated haemoglobin level are independent predictors for expression of LJM. Thus, improvement of metabolic control in diabetic patients before puberty may diminish the expression and progression of LJM. FAU - Vuković, J
Vascular reactivity and platelet aggregability during the first five years of insulin-dependent diabetes in children.$$$ Skin microvascular reactivity and platelet aggregation in response to collagen and adenosine diphosphate (ADP) was studied prospectively in a population-based cohort of children with newly acquired type 1 diabetes mellitus (IDDM), who have now been followed up longitudinally for 5 years. The skin microvascular vasodilation in response to ischaemia was recorded by means of transcutaneous oximetry at 37 degrees C and compared with that in a control group of 58 healthy children. Platelet aggregation was compared with 42 healthy control children. Sixty months after diagnosis, the same degree of impairment of vasodilatory capacity was noted as previously recorded at 24 months and on admission, on all these occasions being significantly lower than the control value and the results from the 12-month follow-up. A sex difference was noted, diabetic girls both during and after puberty exhibiting a greater impairment of vasodilator capacity as compared with diabetic boys. The same degree of platelet aggregation in response to collagen was noted 60 months after diagnosis as had been recorded previously at 24 and 12 months, all significantly increased as compared with the results from admission, but not different from those in controls. By contrast, the aggregation in response to ADP was now lower than that observed on admission. No statistically significant gender difference was noted. The implication of the impaired skin microvascular vasodilation and of the changing pattern of platelet aggregation for later diabetic angiopathy needs to be evaluated in the coming decade. FAU - Ewald, U
[Metabolic control in children and adolescents with diabetes mellitus type I in Berne: a cross-sectional study].$$$ AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: In diabetes mellitus type I, good glycaemic control is crucial in preventing long-term diabetic complications. The aim of this study was to determine the current level of metabolic control in children and adolescents in our diabetes outpatient clinic at the University Children's Hospital, Berne. Furthermore, the impact of different factors such as age, pubertal stage, sex, duration of diabetes and insulin regimen on glycaemic control was studied. METHODS: In a cross-sectional, prospective study 168 children and adolescents with type I diabetes mellitus (f:m = 87:81; prepubertal 48 [mean age 4.4 years, mean duration of diabetes 2.8 years]; pubertal 120 [mean age 9.4 years; mean duration of diabetes 5.2 years]) were studied for three months. Clinical data and HbA1c levels (latex immunoagglutination test) were recorded, statistically analysed and compared with the international literature. RESULTS: In our type I diabetic children and adolescents the overall HbA1c was 8.07 +/- 1.15% (mean +/- SD; test-specific norm for healthy subjects: 4.1-6.1%). Glycaemic control was significantly worse in the pubertal group compared to the prepubertal (HbA1c 8.22 +/- 1.25% vs. 7.81 +/- 0.87%; p < 0.01). In addition, we found better metabolic control in patients with duration of diabetes below 2 years in children and adolescents (HbA1c prepubertal < 2 years: 7.45 +/- 0.67% vs. > 2 years: 8.05 +/- 0.93%, p < 0.05; pubertal < 2 years: 7.62 +/- 0.75% vs. > 2 years: 8.31 +/- 1.29%, p < 0.005). Importantly, sex and insulin regimen did not significantly influence glycaemic control. CONCLUSION/INTERPRETATION: The current level of metabolic control in our children and adolescents with diabetes mellitus type I is comparable to the glycaemic control of the intensively treated adolescent group of the DCCT-study, in whom decreased risk of long-term diabetic complications was found. In contrast, our patients were intensively treated in terms of frequent contacts with the diabetes team, but were not necessarily on an intensified insulin regimen. The impact of biopsychosocial support from multidisciplinary diabetes team on good metabolic control in children and adolescents with type I diabetes mellitus and their families seems to be very important. FAU - Flück, C E
Serum Amino Acid Profiles in Childhood Predict Triglyceride Level in Adulthood: A 7-Year Longitudinal Study in Girls.$$$ CONTEXT: Branched-chain and aromatic amino acids are associated with high risk of developing dyslipidemia and type II diabetes in adults. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to examine whether serum amino acid profiles associate with triglyceride concentrations during pubertal growth and predict hypertriglyceridemia in early adulthood. DESIGN: This was a 7.5-year longitudinal study. SETTING: The study was conducted at the Health Science Laboratory, University of Jyväskylä. PARTICIPANTS: A total of 396 nondiabetic Finnish girls aged 11.2 ± 0.8 years at the baseline participated in the study. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Body composition was assessed by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry; serum concentrations of glucose, insulin, and triglyceride by enzymatic photometric methods; and amino acids by nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy. RESULTS: Serum leucine and isoleucine correlated significantly with future triglyceride, independent of baseline triglyceride level (P < .05 for all). In early adulthood (at the age of 18 years), these amino acids were significantly associated with hypertriglyceridemia, whereas fat mass and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance were not. Leucine was the strongest determinant discriminating subjects with hypertriglyceridemia from those with normal triglyceride level (area under the curve, 0.822; 95% confidence interval, 0.740-0.903; P = .000001). CONCLUSIONS: Serum leucine and isoleucine were associated with future serum triglyceride levels in girls during pubertal growth and predicted hypertriglyceridemia in early adulthood. Therefore, these amino acid indices may serve as biomarkers to identify individuals at high risk for developing hypertriglyceridemia and cardiovascular disease later in life. Further studies are needed to elucidate the role these amino acids play in the lipid metabolism. FAU - Wiklund, Petri
Growth hormone-IGF-I axis and growth velocity in Chinese children with type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To elucidate hormonal disturbances in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM1) with and without growth retardation. METHODS: Patients with DM1 were divided into two groups, group A consisted of 14 patients with poor growth, and group B consisted of 24 patients with normal growth. Serum IGF-I, IGFBP-3, basal and stimulated GH, and HbA1c were measured. RESULTS: Serum IGF-I and IGFBP-3 concentrations were significantly decreased in group A versus both groups B and controls in Tanner stages I-III; in addition, these measurements in group B were significantly lower compared to controls in Tanner stages II and III, but there was no significant difference in prepuberty. Both basal and peak serum GH were attenuated significantly in group A versus group B. Basal serum GH in group B (normal growth DM1) was significantly elevated versus the controls. There was an unambiguous negative linear regression between IGF-I and mean HbA1c in patients with DM1. CONCLUSIONS: Growth retardation in patients with DM1 is associated with an abnormal GH-IGF-I axis and poor glycemic control. FAU - Li, Guimei
[Assessment of the influence of puberty on changes in post exercise glycaemia after variable intensity physical effort in children and adolescents with diabetes mellitus type 1 (DM1)].$$$ INTRODUCTION: During the pubertal period the metabolic control is getting worse in the most of patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM1). The insufficient metabolic control may impact the post-exercise glycaemia and cause the acute complications of the diabetes. AIM OF THE STUDY: was to assess the influence of puberty on changes in post exercise glycaemia after variable intensity physical effort in children and adolescents with diabetes mellitus type 1 (DM1). MATERIAL AND METHODS: The study group consisted of 88 children with DM1, 6 to 19 years of age, mean age 13.00±2.77 (SD). The subjects were divided into three groups according to pubertal stage (29 prepubertal subjects, 33 pubertal and 26 postpubertal adolescents with DM1). Three tests of increasing intensity were performed, each lasting 20 minutes on three consecutive days. The controls were the same children with no exercise. RESULTS: In prepubertal subjects statistically significant lower levels of glycaemia were found 3 minutes (p<0.05) and 1 hour (p<0.05) after high intensity exercise in comparison to the controls. The pubertal subjects had statistically significant lower levels of glycaemy after high (p<0.001, p<0.01, p<0.05) and moderate intensity exercise (p<0.05, p<0.05, p<0.01 respectively) in all three check points compared to controls. The postpubertal subjects were found to have statistically significant lower levels of glycaemy after moderate intensity exercise 3 minutes (p<0.01) and 1 hour (p<0.05) compared to controls and after high intensity exercises 3 minutes after the exercise (p<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The rate of changes in post exercise glycaemy level depended on pubertal stage. The most significant decrease in post exercise glycaemy was observed in pubertal subjects. FAU - Gazurek, Dorota
Markers of insulin resistance are associated with fatness and fitness in school-aged children: the European Youth Heart Study.$$$ AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Our aim was to examine the association between markers of insulin resistance and: (1) body fat and waist circumference, taking into account cardiorespiratory fitness in school-aged children; and (2) cardiorespiratory fitness at differing levels of body fat and waist circumference. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study of 873 children aged 9.6 +/- 0.4 years from Estonia and Sweden. Weight, height and waist circumference were measured. Body fat was expressed as the sum of five skinfold thicknesses. Cardiorespiratory fitness was estimated by a maximal cycle-ergometer test. The studied markers of insulin resistance were fasting insulin and glucose, and homeostasis model assessment (HOMA). RESULTS: HOMA and fasting insulin were positively associated with body fat and waist circumference after adjusting for cardiorespiratory fitness, age, pubertal status and study location. HOMA and fasting insulin were negatively associated with cardiorespiratory fitness in children in the third (highest) tertile of body fat and waist circumference after controlling for sex, age, pubertal status and study location. Fasting glucose was negatively associated with cardiorespiratory fitness in children in the third (highest) tertile of waist circumference, but it was not associated when body fat was taken into account. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: In school-aged children, HOMA and fasting insulin are significantly associated with body fat and waist circumference. In addition, cardiorespiratory fitness explains a significant proportion of the HOMA and fasting insulin variance in those children with high levels of body fat and waist circumference. The findings suggest that the deleterious consequences ascribed to high fatness could be counteracted by having high levels of cardiorespiratory fitness. FAU - Ruiz, J R
Pubertal changes in serum leptin levels in adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus: a controlled longitudinal study.$$$ The mechanism of the pubertal delay seen in some adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus is not entirely clear. Since leptin has been implicated as a neuroendocrine modulator of puberty, we measured serum leptin levels longitudinally in 24 post-'honeymoon' patients with diabetes mellitus (M/F = 15/9) with a mean (+/- SD) age of 10.5 +/- 0.9 years and 26 controls (M/F = 15/11) with a mean age of 10.0 +/- 1.1 years. Physical examinations; serum leptin, IGF-I, IGFBP-3 and IGFBP-1 levels; and bone age X-rays were performed annually for up to 48 months. Glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) was measured 2-4 times a year in patients with diabetes mellitus. Serum leptin levels strongly correlated with the body mass index z-scores (BMI-Z) in both controls (r = 0.666, p <0.00001) and diabetic patients (r = 0.577, p <0.00001). Girls had increased serum leptin levels for a given BMI compared to boys (p <0.005). There were no significant differences in serum leptin levels of patients with diabetes mellitus compared to controls, nor were differences seen when the groups were stratified by age, Tanner stage, or gender. There were also no significant correlations between serum leptin levels and degree of metabolic control (i.e. HbA1c) or insulin dose standardized for body weight. Although there was no significant diabetes-related or metabolic control-related delay in bone age z-score or pubertal development, there was a significant negative correlation between HbA1c and growth velocity z-score, indicating that children with poor diabetes control had modest but significant slowing of growth. It is concluded that neither pubertal development nor serum leptin levels are significantly altered in adolescents with diabetes mellitus managed with standard therapy. The potential role of leptin in initiation of pubertal development is not easily demonstrable in observational studies. FAU - Myers, Susan E
Progression of borderline increases in albuminuria in adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.$$$ We aimed to determine the natural history of borderline increases in albuminuria in adolescents with insulin-dependent (Type 1) diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and factors which are associated with progression to persistent microalbuminura. Fifty-five normotensive adolescents with IDDM and intermittent microalbuminura (overnight albumin excretion ratte of 20-200 micrograms min-1 on one of three consecutive timed collections, n = 29) or borderline albuminura (mean overnight albumin excretion rate of 7.2-20 micrograms min-1 on one of three consecutive timed collections, n = 30) were followed prospectively at 3 monthly intervals. The endpoint was persistent microalbuminuria defined as a minimum of three of four consecutive overnight albumin excretion rates of greater than 20 micrograms min-1. One hundred and forty-two adolescents with IDDM and normoalbuminura were also followed prospectively. Fifteen of the 59 patients (25.4%) with intermittent (9/29) or borderline (6/30) albuminura progressed to persistent microalbuminura (progressors) over 28 (15-50) months [median (range)] in comparison with two of the 142 patients with normoalbuminuria at entry (relative risk = 12.6; p = 0.001). Progressors to persistent microalbuminura were pubertal and had higher systolic (p = 0.02) and diastolic (p = 0.02) blood pressure, and HbA1c (p = 0.004) than non-progressors. All patients remained normotensive. Glomerular filtration rate, apolipoproteins, dietary phosphorus, protein and sodium intakes, and prevalence of smoking did not differ between progressors and non-progressors. Total renin was higher in the diabetic patients without a difference between progressors and non-progressors. In conclusion there is a relatively high rate of progression to persistent microalbuminuria in pubertal adolescents with borderline increases in albuminura and duration greater than 3 years. These patients require attention to minimize associated factors of poor metabolic control and higher blood pressure in the development of incipient nephropathy. FAU - Couper, J J
Evaluation of bone mass and growth in young diabetics.$$$ To determine the relationships among bone mass, bone growth and serum glucose control in young, insulin-dependent diabetics, we performed photon absorptiometry and radiogrammetry on a clinically well-characterized group of 78 diabetics (mean age 15.2 yr, mean duration of diabetes 6.7 yr). Total and ionized calcium (TCa, ICa), magnesium (Mg), immunoreactive parathyroid hormone (iPTH) and phosphorus (P) were measured in fasting serum. Bone age was calculated from hand x-rays; and bone measurements, heights, and weights were standardized against normal groups of corresponding age, sex, and race. Mean deviation of bone mass measurement score was 1.24 SD below the normal mean (p less than .001); mean cortical area score was .22 SD and percent cortical area .25 SD below the normal means (both p less than .05). Radical width and metacarpal width for the diabetics were not less than normal. Mean percentiles for height and weight were 52.3 and 57.1 respectively, the latter significantly elevated (p less than .02). Bone mass and cortical area were inversely related to duration of disease (r = -.228, p less than .05; r = -.216, p less than .05). They were not correlated with serum parameters of mineral metabolism or of glucose control. Bone age was not significantly different from chronological age in those who had not achieved maturity (14.4 versus 14.5 yr). Mean age of menarche was 12.9 yr. When compared to normals the diabetic sample had diminished serum ICa (p less than .001), and Mg (p less than .001), though P and iPTH were not significantly different. We have demonstrated: (1) bone mass in this sample of juvenile diabetics is depressed, without evidence of impaired overall growth or delayed maturation, (2) this reduced bone mass probably results from a failure to gain the normal component of endosteal bone expected at this age, (3) this abnormality in bone growth progresses with disease but does not appear to vary with serum glucose control, and (4) in this population of diabetics there is a minimal but significant reduction in serum total and ionized calcium and serum magnesium without compensatory elevation of parathyroid hormone. The relationship of this metabolic abnormality of impaired bone growth in unknown. FAU - Wiske, P S
Retinopathy screening in patients with type 1 diabetes diagnosed in young age using a non-mydriatic digital stereoscopic retinal imaging.$$$ BACKGROUND: Diabetic retinopathy seriously impairs patients' quality of life, since it represents the first cause of blindness in industrialized countries. AIM: To estimate prevalence of retinopathy in young Type 1 diabetes patients using a non-mydriatic digital stereoscopic retinal imaging (NMDSRI), and to evaluate the impact of socio-demographic, clinical, and metabolic variables. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: In 247 young patients glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), gender, age, pubertal stage, presence of diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA), HLA-DQ heterodimers of susceptibility for Type 1 diabetes, and β-cell autoimmunity at clinical onset were considered. At retinopathy screening, we evaluated age, disease duration, pubertal stage, body mass index (BMI-SDS), insulin requirement, HbA1c levels, other autoimmune diseases, diabetes-related complications, serum concentrations of cholesterol and triglycerides, systolic and diastolic blood pressure. RESULTS: Retinopathy was found in 26/247 patients: 25 showed background retinopathy, and 1 had a sight-threatening retinopathy. A significant relationship between retinopathy and female gender (p=0.01), duration of disease ≥15 yr (p<0.0001), serum triglycerides levels >65 mg/dl (p=0.012) and mean HbA1c ≥7.5% or >9% (p=0.0014) were found at the multivariate logistic analysis. CONCLUSIONS: Metabolic control is the most important modifiable factor and promotion of continuous educational process to reach a good metabolic control is a cornerstone to prevent microangiopathic complications. Symptoms appear when the complication is already established; a screening program with an early diagnosis is mandatory to prevent an irreversible damage. FAU - Minuto, N
Menstrual characteristics of women suffering from insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the frequency of menarche and menstrual disturbances among women suffering from insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, and to evaluate their correlation to the onset of diabetes, its duration, and complications. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Retrospective analysis of the menstrual regularity and gynecologic and fertility history of 100 women suffering from insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. These data were compared with information obtained from the patients' medical records regarding the age at onset of diabetes, its management, control, and complications. RESULTS: The average age at menarche was 13.5 years. Delayed menarche tended to appear in girls whose diabetes was diagnosed before the age of menarche, and before the age of 10 years. Menstrual disturbances, such as oligomenorrhea, amenorrhea, and polymenorrhea, occurred in 32% of the women. A significant correlation was found between late menarche and menstrual disturbances. Furthermore, patients with diabetic complications had a higher incidence of menstrual disorders compared with uncomplicated diabetic patients. CONCLUSIONS: It appears that women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus who had been diagnosed prior to menarche had a higher probability of delayed menarche, and were at higher risk for development of menstrual disturbances, including amenorrhea with subsequent fertility disorders. FAU - Yeshaya, A
Risk factors for progression to proliferative diabetic retinopathy in the EURODIAB Prospective Complications Study.$$$ AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Proliferative diabetic retinopathy (PDR), a leading cause of blindness, cannot be totally prevented by optimizing metabolic and blood pressure control and responds to no specific treatment other than partially destructive retinal photocoagulation. Recognizing risk factors using large-scale epidemiological studies could help identify targets for treatment. The EURODIAB Prospective Complications Study (PCS) includes the largest cohort so far of patients with Type I (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. METHODS: Baseline data were collected between 1989 and 1991 on 3250 patients who were recalled for follow-up. Physical examination, biochemical tests and assessment of complications were done on both occasions. In particular, 1249 patients had retinal photographs taken both basally and after an average of 7.3 years. RESULTS: Proliferative retinopathy had developed in 157 patients (cumulative incidence 17.3/1000 patient-years; 95%-CI: 13.6-21.1). HbA(1c) (standardized regression estimate--SRE = 3.03, CI 2.49-3.69), diabetes duration (1.71, 1.42-2.06), age at diagnosis < 12 (1.66, 1.11-2.50), diastolic blood pressure less than or equal to 83 (1.50, 1.03-2.20) and waist-to-hip ratio (1.50, 1.03-2.20) were all independent predictors for progression to PDR when entered simultaneously into a logistic regression model. Including retinopathy at baseline maintained the effects of metabolic control and pre-pubertal onset only. Including the albumin excretion rate maintained the effect of control but reduced SRE for pre-pubertal onset to 1.49 (0.94-2.33). There was no evidence for a threshold effect for HbA(1c)concentrations at baseline and progression to proliferative retinopathy. CONCLUSION/HYPOTHESIS: Metabolic control and duration of diabetes are strong indicators of progression to proliferative retinopathy. Onset of diabetes before puberty could be an additional independent risk factor. FAU - Porta, M
Muscle capillary basement-membrane thickness and long-term glycemia in type I diabetes mellitus.$$$ We explored the relation between the thickness of the quadriceps-muscle capillary basement membrane and the glycemia level in 102 young patients with Type I diabetes (median age, 17 years; range, 12 to 29). Membrane thickness was measured in serial biopsy specimens obtained after two consecutive 2 1/2-year observation periods, and glycemia was assessed in terms of glycosylated hemoglobin and fasting blood glucose levels determined at eight-week intervals. An association between membrane thickness and glycemia level was apparent in both cross-sectional and longitudinal analysis. Cross-sectional analysis of data on 39 postpubertal patients (growth less than 1.0 cm during the five years) showed a positive association of membrane thickness to glycosylated hemoglobin (r = 0.53, P = 0.0002) and blood glucose values (r = 0.37, P = 0.01) averaged over the antecedent 2 1/2-year period. By contrast, in 32 pubertal patients (growth greater than 7.5 cm) there was a significant negative association of membrane thickness to both glycosylated hemoglobin (r = -0.40, P = 0.01) and blood glucose (r = -0.42, P = 0.009). In longitudinal analysis, there was no correlation between changes in membrane thickness and average glycemia levels during the two follow-up periods in 32 pubertal patients (for glycosylated hemoglobin, r = 0.11; P = 0.25), but in the postpubertal group (n = 20) there was a significant positive covariation (r = 0.57, P = 0.0004). The data indicate that in postpubertal diabetic patients, the thickness of the muscle capillary basement membrane is positively related to the level of glycemia, but this relation does not obtain in the pubertal state. FAU - Sosenko, J M
Course of retinopathy in children and adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: a ten-year study.$$$ The prevalence and development of retinal changes were longitudinally documented from 1978 to 1987 in 112 insulin-dependent diabetic children by means of fluorescein angiography and fundus photography. At the end of the study period, 43 patients (38.4%) developed retinal changes, most of which were classified as minimal. Age, diabetes duration, puberty and long-term metabolic control were found to be independent factors affecting the development of retinopathy. FAU - Cerutti, F
Hormonal responses to exercise in girls during sexual maturation.$$$ The dependence of hormonal responses to exercise on sexual maturation was tested in three-year longitudinal experiment on 34 girls (11-12 years old at the beginning of the study). Sexual maturation of the girls was evaluated using Tanner scale. Girls were divided into three groups: maturation stages 1-2, 2-4 and 4-5. Children performed a 20-min cycle exercise at 60% of maximal oxygen uptake (VO max) once a year. Cortisol, insulin, somatotropin, beta-estradiol, progesterone and testosterone were determined in venous blood by RIA procedures. High basal levels of beta-estradiol and somatotropin appeared in stages 2-4 (387 +/- 92 pmol.l-1) and 12.9 +/- 2.85 ng.ml-1, respectively) and 4-5 (358 +/- 54 pmol.l-1) and 14.3 +/- 1.53 ng.ml-1, respectively). The basal progesterone level increased with maturation, testosterone appeared in the blood in stages 2-4 and 4-5. The exercise resulted in increased levels of cortisol and somatotropin, and a drop in insulin in all girls. The cortisol response was most pronounced in stage 1-2. Postexercise insulin concentration was the highest in stage 4-5. beta-estradiol level increased by 23% in stages 1-2 and 4-5, while the response was insignificant in stages 2-4. Exercise-induced progesterone increase was significant in stage 4-5. In conclusion, sexual maturation associates with several quantitative changes in exercise-induced hormonal responses. FAU - Laaneots, L
[Insulin sensitivity in children aged 6 to 16 years: association with nutritional status and pubertal development].$$$ BACKGROUND: There is a high prevalence of obesity and hyperinsulinism among Chilean prepuberal children. AIM: To evaluate insulin sensitivity (IS) using fasting insulin, the Homeostasis Model Assessment (HOMA) and quantitative insulin-sensitivity check index (QUICKI) in Chilean children. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Body mass index (BMI), total body fat percentage (%TBF) using the sum of 4 skin folds, abdominal obesity determined through waist circumference (WC), pubertal maturation using five Tanner stages, fasting glucose (Glu) and insulin (Ins), were measured in 354 children aged 6 to 15 years (173 males). IS was evaluated using HOMA and QUICKI. RESULTS: IS was strongly associated with %TBF and WC. Ins, HOMA and QUICKI were significantly correlated with BMI (r =0.412; 0.405 y -0.442, respectively), %TBF (r =0.370; 0.367 y -0.394, respectively), and WC (r =0.452; 0.446 y -0.481, respectively). Ins and HOMA increased and QUICKI decreased significantly (p <0.0001) with age. Children in a similar Tanner stage did not have differences in Ins, HOMA and QUICKI. No differences in Ins, HOMA and QUICKI were observed between children in Tanner stages 1 and 2. However, children in Tanner stages 1 and 2, had significantly lower Ins and HOMA and higher QUICKI than those in Tanner 3 to 5 stages. The highest Ins quartile for Tanner stages 1 and 2 was 10.0 micro UI/dl; for Tanner stages 3 to five, the figure was 15.6 microUI/dl. CONCLUSIONS: These results confirm the relationship of IS with BMI, %TBF, WC and pubertal maturation. IS decreases significantly and fasting Ins levels increase approximately 50% with puberty. This fact must be considered for the diagnosis of hyperinsulinism and insulin resistance in children. FAU - Burrows A, Raquel
Final height of children with type 1 diabetes: the effects of age at diagnosis, metabolic control, and parental height.$$$ Normal growth is one of the major goals in the treatment of children with type 1 diabetes. We prospectively monitored the linear growth and metabolic control of 44 children (13 boys) with type 1 diabetes from the time of diagnosis to the attainment of adult height and analyzed the relationship between the height and the age at diagnosis, metabolic control, and genetic target height. At diagnosis, girls at puberty were taller (height in standard deviation score: 0.60 +/- 0.94, p = 0.022), while boys (-0.03 +/- 0.67) and prepubertal girls (0.24 +/- 0.86) were similar to the age-controlled children. During the following years, they lost height compared to their height at diagnosis (p = 0.009), but they still attained an average final height (-0.13 +/- 0.66 in boys, -0.05 +/- 0.86 in girls) correlated with their height at diagnosis (r = 0.37, p = 0.014), as well as their genetic target height (r = 0.78, p < 0.005). The final height as well as the reduction in height was not linearly correlated with the age at diagnosis. The mean HbA1c level of the 44 children was 10.33 +/- 1.74%, boys had better control compared with girls (mean HbA1c 9.45 +/- 1.28 v.s. 10.71 +/- 1.78%, p = 0.013). The final height or the reduction in height was not linearly correlated with the mean HbA1c level. FAU - Huang, C Y
Impact of obesity on glucose and lipid profiles in adolescents at different age groups in relation to adulthood.$$$ BACKGROUND: As obesity is rapidly becoming a major medical and public health problem, the aim of our study was to determine: 1) if obesity in Caucasian adolescents at 5 different Tanner stages are associated with obesity in adulthood and its obesity-associated abnormal glucose and lipid profiles, 2) the type of fat distribution is associated with glucose and lipid profile abnormalities, and 3) the risk level and the age of appearance of these abnormalities. METHODS: For the first study, data analyses were from a case-control study of adolescents classified according to their BMI; a BMI >or= 85th percentile for age and sex as overweight, and those with a BMI >or= 95th percentile as obese. Subjects with a BMI < 85th percentile were classified as controls. WC:AC ratio of waist circumference to arm circumference was used as an indicator of a central pattern of adiposity. Two other indices of central adiposity were calculated from skinfolds: Central-peripheral (CPR) as subscapular skinfold + suprailliac skinfold)/ (triceps skinfold + thigh skinfold) and ratio of subscapular to triceps skinfold (STR). The sum of the four skinfolds (SUM) was calculated from triceps, subscapular, suprailliac and thigh skinfolds. SUM provides a single measure of subcutaneous adiposity. Representative adult subjects were used for comparison. Glucose and lipid profiles were also determined in these subjects. Abnormal glucose and lipid profiles were determined as being those with fasting glucose >or= 6.1 mmol/l and lipid values >or= 85th percentile adjusted for age and sex, respectively. Prevalence and odds ratio analysis were used to determine the impact of obesity on glucose and lipid profiles at each Tanner stages for both sexes. Correlation coefficient analyses were used to determine the association between glucose and lipid profiles and anthropometric measurements for both sexes. The second study evaluated in a retrospective-prospective longitudinal way if: 1) obesity in adolescence is associated with obesity in adulthood and 2) the nature of obesity-associated risk factors. Incidence and odds ratio analysis were used to determine the impact of obesity on glucose and lipid profiles at 7 different age groups from 9 to 38 years old in both sexes between 1974 to 2000. RESULTS: Overall, glucose and lipid profiles were significantly (P < 0.01) associated with all anthropometric measurements either in male and female adolescents. WC:AC, CPR, STR and SUM are stronger predictors of both glucose and lipid profiles than BMI. Obese and overweight adolescents of Tanner stages III and higher are at increased risk of having an impaired glucose and lipid profiles than normal subjects with odds ratios of 5.9 and higher. Obesity in adolescents of 13-15 years old group is significantly (P < 0.01) associated with obesity in adulthood (with odds ratios of at least 12 for both men and women) and abnormal glucose (odds ratio of >or= 8.6) and lipid profiles (odds ratio of >or= 11.4). CONCLUSIONS: This study confirmed that adolescents aged between 13 and 15 years old of both sexes with a BMI >or= 85th percentile are at increased risk of becoming overweight or obese adults and presenting abnormal glucose and lipid profiles as adults. This emphasizes the importance of early detection and intervention directed at treatment of obesity to avert the long-term consequences of obesity on the development of cardiovascular diseases. FAU - Plourde, Gilles
[Subclinical peripheral neuropathy in type 1 diabetic adolescents and its relationship with metabolic control].$$$ Professional management of paediatric diabetology, according to consensus guidelines, involves the screening of microvascular complications at puberty. The subclinical form of peripheral neural dysfunction in diabetic teenagers is reported with a frequency of 50-88%, by different authors. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the frequency of subclinical distal neuropathy (DSMN) in type 1 diabetic paediatric patients during the second decade of life, and its relationship with metabolic control. The Endocrinology Department and the Neurology-Physiology Laboratory of the Paediatric Clinic in Belgrade carried out a longitudinal follow-up study (lasting 18 months, beginning in November 2000) on a selection of patients with poor metabolic control. During routine clinical treatment, patients were evaluated using the electrophysiological diagnostic method on peripheral neural dysfunction, a subclinical form of neuropathy. Metabolic control was manifested through HbA1c levels, measured every 3 months, using ion-exchange chromatography. Finally, here is the data collected from the clinical follow-up investigation of 60 children, aged 13-19 (median 15.5 +/- 2.2), with duration of diabetes from 2-16 years (median 6.3 +/- 3.6), and on the following therapies: 43 CT-conventional and 17 IIT-intensive, and insulin dose/ day, median 1.02 (0.6-2.1) U/kg. Detected DSMN parameters at the beginning and at the end of the study were also noted. DSMN frequency was positive, at 64% for HbA1c of 9.44; DSMN dysfunction was reversed in 5% of the patients, for HbA1c of 10.17; the worst result was the progression of DSMN at 6.7% for HbA1c of 10.52; 6.7% had negative DSMN, with improved metabolic control, for HbA1c of 8.4; 15% of the examinations were unfinished (+/*). ANOVA statistical analysis showed a significant statistical relationship between metabolic control (HbA1c levels) and DSMN neuropathy (sig. 0.043, p < 0.05). There was no significant relationship between the reversion of DSMN and improved HbA1c, although a numeric distinction did exist. On the clinical aspect, there was a significant relationship between insulin dosage and age (p < 0.01, sig. 0.007). This data demonstrates the influence of metabolic regulation on neuropathy. Better metabolic control can slow the progression of subclinical peripheral neural dysfunction (DSMN) in diabetic children. FAU - Sajić, Silvija
A prospective, longitudinal study examining the development of retinopathy in children with diabetes.$$$ A prospective longitudinal study of 182 children and adolescents with diabetes revealed that during a follow-up of 2.5 +/- 0.5 years the prevalence of retinopathy increased from 10.8% to 28.0%, corresponding to an annual increase of 7%. Retinopathy was diagnosed at a mean age of 15.3 years (95% CI, 14.8-15.8 years) after a mean duration of diabetes of 8.9 years (95% CI, 8.0-9.7 years). Prepubertal years of diabetes contributed to the risk of developing retinopathy. The initial signs of retinopathy were microaneurysm(s) in 56%, microaneurysm(s) and haemorrhage(s) in 30%, and haemorrhage(s) in 10%. A combination of microaneurysm, haemorrhage and cotton-wool spot was observed in 2%, and microaneurysms, haemorrhage and an IRMA lesion were seen in 2%. Most of the initial lesions disappeared during the follow-up period, but at the same time new lesions developed elsewhere in the retina in all but 2 cases. In 8 patients (15% of patients with retinopathy) aged 13.7-19.8 years and having had diabetes for 3.7-14.8 years, retinal changes progressed from mild to a more advanced background retinopathy. A higher glycated haemoglobin level during puberty was the only factor which differentiated these patients from control patients matched for sex, age, puberty and duration of diabetes. FAU - Flack, A
Elevated leptin levels are associated with excess gains in fat mass in girls, but not boys, with type 1 diabetes: longitudinal study during adolescence.$$$ Adolescents, in particular girls, with type 1 diabetes may gain excessive weight during puberty. We present the results of a longitudinal study aimed to determine the roles of leptin and insulin in changes in body composition in subjects with type 1 diabetes and controls. Forty-six children (23 boys) with type 1 diabetes and 40 controls (20 boys) were followed from 8-17 yr of age. Height, weight, and sc skinfolds were assessed every 6 months, and a blood sample taken for leptin determination. Throughout the age range, body mass index (mean +/- SEM) was greater by 1.45 +/- 0.69 kg/m(2) in girls and 1.46 +/- 0.55 kg/m(2) in boys with type 1 diabetes compared with control values. In girls with type 1 diabetes, this reflected greater percent body fat (3.2 +/- 1.0%; P = 0.002), whereas in boys it related to differences in fat-free mass. Both boys and girls with type 1 diabetes had higher leptin levels adjusted for percent body fat than controls; in the girls this was related to insulin dose (regression coefficient B = 0.006 +/- 0.003; P = 0.04) and greater gains in fat mass. Hyperinsulinemia and raised leptin levels are associated with gains in fat mass throughout puberty in girls, but not boys, with type 1 diabetes. FAU - Ahmed, M L
Relationships between physical activity and plasma leptin levels in healthy children: the Fleurbaix-Laventie Ville Santé II Study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To study the relationships between physical activity and plasma leptin levels in children from a population-based study, taking into account puberty stages. DESIGN: Subjects were part of the Fleurbaix-Laventie Ville Santé (FLVS) II Study, a longitudinal study on the determinants of weight gain in children and their parents. At baseline examination, 253 girls and 257 boys aged 8-18 y were examined. MEASUREMENTS: : Height and weight were measured, adiposity was assessed by the sum of four skinfold thicknesses (SSK). Pubertal stage was assigned according to Tanner. Leisure-time physical activity (LTPA) was assessed by the Modifiable Activity Questionnaire and ambulatory activity by pedometer recording over a week. A fasting blood sample was obtained to determine plasma leptin and insulin levels. RESULTS: Plasma leptin was higher in girls compared to boys (8.3 (1.6-36.5) ng/ml vs 2.2 (0.1-15.3) ng/ml, P<0.001). Multivariate analyses were performed with leptin as dependent variable, and number of steps by day, Tanner stage, insulin and SSK as independent variables. In girls, leptin was negatively correlated to number of steps/day (P<0.001) and positively to SSK (P<0.001) and insulinemia (P<0.001). In boys, leptin was correlated to insulinemia (P<0.001), SSK (P<0.001), Tanner stage (P<.0001), but not to physical activity. CONCLUSION: Physical activity is negatively related to leptin levels in girls only and this association is independent of fasting plasma insulin. In children, fasting insulinemia remains associated with leptin levels after taking into account adiposity, physical activity and Tanner stage. FAU - Romon, M
Retinal vascular caliber and risk of retinopathy in young patients with type 1 diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine the relationship between retinal vascular caliber and incident retinopathy in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus. DESIGN: Hospital-based case-control study with prospective outcomes. PARTICIPANTS: Cases and controls were selected from a cohort of children and adolescents 12 to 20 years old with type 1 diabetes followed up at a tertiary diabetes clinic. Cases were patients who developed incident diabetic retinopathy (n = 166) after at least 1 year of follow-up (> or =2 clinic visits), and controls were patients who had not developed retinopathy (n = 165) after > or =2 years of follow-up (> or =3 clinic visits). Baseline retinal photographs of cases and controls were digitized, and retinal vascular calibers were measured using a computer-assisted program by a grader masked to case-control status. These measurements were combined into summary indices reflecting the average arteriolar and venular calibers. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Development of diabetic retinopathy. RESULTS: Incident retinopathy cases had retinal arteriolar calibers (mean +/- standard deviation [SD], 206.5+/-18.4 microm) significantly larger than those of controls (200.2+/-16.5 microm) (P = 0.004) but similar retinal venular calibers (329.1+/-14.7 microm in cases vs. 326.4+/-15.1 microm in controls, P = 0.312). After adjusting for age, gender, diabetes duration, glycated hemoglobin levels, blood pressure, body mass index, and pubertal stage, larger arteriolar caliber was predictive of risk of diabetic retinopathy (odds ratio, 1.44 per SD increase in arteriolar caliber; 95% confidence interval, 1.11-1.86). CONCLUSION: Larger retinal arteriolar caliber predicts incident retinopathy in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes, independent of conventional risk factors for retinopathy. Measurement of retinal vascular caliber may provide prognostic information regarding the subsequent risk of diabetic retinopathy. FAU - Alibrahim, Ekaterina
Serum lipoproteins and apolipoproteins in children during the first five years of diabetes.$$$ Serum lipoproteins and apolipoproteins were followed in 34 children during a period of 5 years from the onset of diabetes. The group did not differ in these respects from a healthy control group after 5 years of disease. The variation in serum triglycerides and very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) triglycerides was more pronounced, some patients having high values. Serum triglycerides and VLDL lipids were significantly correlated to subcutaneous fat, measured as triceps and subscapular skinfolds. None of the patients had albuminuria, so lipid levels could not be related to renal albumin excretion. There was no significant correlation between any serum lipid and haemoglobin A1c. FAU - Kobbah, M
Increased prevalence of overweight in adolescent girls with type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ Height and weight were measured in young patients with type 1 diabetes up to the age of 22 y. We found no difference between birth length standard deviation scores (SDS), final height SDS and target height SDS. The study group of 89 diabetic boys and girls did not differ in final height from age- and sex-matched healthy controls. SDS for height at diagnosis, +0.17 +/- 1.10, exceeded that for final height, -0.06 +/- 0.97 (p = 0.037). Height SDS decreased between the ages of 11 and 18 (p < 0.01). In diabetic girls, but not boys, final height SDS was significantly related to mean HbA1c during puberty (r = -0.40; p = 0.025). Weight gain occurred from age of menarche in girls with type 1 diabetes. At the age of 18, diabetic girls were 6.5 kg heavier and had 2.7 kg/m2 higher body mass index (BMI) than control girls (p < 0.001). Diabetic boys were not heavier than control boys. There was a significant relationship between mean HbA1c during puberty and BMI at the age of 18 in diabetic girls (r = 0.47; p = 0.009). In diabetic females, body weight remained unchanged, HbA1c improved and the dose of insulin was significantly reduced between 18 and 22 y of age. The HbA1c improvement was most marked in patients with poor metabolic control. In conclusion, although mean final height was normal in young patients with type 1 diabetes, growth was increased before diagnosis and pubertal growth spurt was reduced. Adolescent overweight was overrepresented; it related to poor metabolic control in females with diabetes, but showed no further acceleration in early adulthood. FAU - Domargård, A
Does dietary protein intake correlate with markers suggestive of early diabetic nephropathy in children and adolescents with Type 1 diabetes mellitus?$$$ AIMS: To examine the relationship between dietary protein intake and possible early markers of diabetic nephropathy (creatinine clearance (CrCI), kidney volume and albumin excretion rate (AER)). METHODS: One hundred and forty-five subjects with diabetes for 5-10 years, divided into three pubertal groups, participated. Kidney volume was measured by ultrasound, and serum creatinine and HbA1c were assayed. Two or three 24-h urine collections were obtained for albumin, creatinine and urea excretion rates. Dietary protein intake was estimated from urinary urea nitrogen excretion rate. Glomerular filtration rate was estimated by creatinine clearance. RESULTS: Mean protein intake was 1.22 +/- 0.48 g x kg(-1) x day(-1) Protein intake was significantly higher in males than females (P < 0.0001) and highest in prepubertal compared to mid-pubertal and post-pubertal subjects (P < 0.001). In multiple regression analysis, protein intake was positively associated with CrCl (P < 0.0001), and male sex (P < 0.0001) and negatively associated with body surface area (P = 0.0013) and age (P = 0.01). Kidney volume and AER were not related to dietary protein intake. CONCLUSIONS: This cross-sectional study failed to show a significant relationship between dietary protein intake and markers of early nephropathy, other than CrCl. However, a longitudinal, prospective study is required to definitively assess the role of protein intake in the evolution of diabetic nephropathy. FAU - O'Hayon, B E
Using genetic admixture to explain racial differences in insulin-related phenotypes.$$$ Documented differences in measures of insulin secretion and action between African Americans and European Americans may be due to either genetic or environmental factors. This study used genetic admixture (ADM), determined from approximately 20 ancestry informative markers, and a questionnaire designed to assess socioeconomic status (SES) to examine potential genetic and environmental contributions to minimal model-derived measures of insulin sensitivity (S(I)), fasting insulin, and the acute insulin response to glucose (AIR(g)) in 125 children residing in Birmingham, Alabama. The study was longitudinal in design and yielded multiple outcome measures on each subject. Mixed models analysis was used to determine if ADM and SES were independently related to S(I), fasting insulin, and AIR(g) after adjusting for confounding factors (pubertal status, adiposity, age) and for repeated testing of individuals. In this cohort, African ADM ranged from 0% (individuals with no markers reflecting African ancestry) to 100% (individuals with all 20 markers reflecting African ancestry). Results indicated that ADM was independently related to S(I) (P < 0.001) and fasting insulin (P < 0.01), with individuals having greater African ADM having a lower S(I) and a higher fasting insulin concentration. Both ADM (P < 0.001) and SES (P < 0.05) were independently related to AIR(g); children with greater African ADM or lower SES had a higher AIR(g), even after adjusting for S(I). These observations suggest that use of ADM can replace assignment of individuals to categorical racial groups; that lower S(I) and higher fasting insulin among African Americans compared with European Americans may have a genetic basis; and that higher AIR(g) among African Americans may be due to both genetic factors and to environmental factors that remain to be identified. FAU - Gower, Barbara A
Risk factors for endometrial cancer in Turkish women: results from a hospital-based case-control study.$$$ PURPOSE OF THE RESEARCH: The aim of this study was to investigate the association between risk factors and endometrial cancer in Turkish women. METHODS AND SAMPLE: In a hospital-based case-control study conducted in Istanbul, 285 patients with histologically confirmed endometrial cancer were compared with 1050 controls, admitted to the different departments of the same hospital. Odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were obtained from multivariate logistic regression analysis, fitted by the method of maximum likelihood. KEY RESULTS: Risk factors for endometrial cancer were found to be the state of lower education (OR=2.53, 5% CI: 1.41-4.54), history of hypertension or diabetes (OR=3.26, 95% CI: 2.21-4.80), (OR=3.56, 95% CI: 2.02-6.27), lower parity (OR=3.89, 95% CI: 2.60-5.82), early menarche age (OR=9.43, 95% CI: 5.35-16.62) and HRT use (OR=2.66, 5% CI: 1.40-5.06). CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, our results are supportive of the hypothesis that having a history of chronic disease, lower parity, early menarche and use of HRT were increased-risk factors but negative family history of cancer was decreased-risk factor for endometrial cancer. FAU - Reis, Nesrin
Hyperinsulinemia in healthy children and adolescents with a positive family history for type 2 diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Our goal was to determine the relationship between family history of type 2 diabetes and fasting hyperinsulinemia in healthy children and adolescents. METHODS: A total of 317 children and adolescents, 10 to 14 years of age with Tanner stage 1 or 2, were randomly selected from elementary and middle schools in Durango, northern Mexico, to participate in a cross-sectional, community-based study. Family history was ascertained by a direct, detailed medical examination that included anthropometric and laboratory measurements from both parents. We determined the prevalence of family history of type 2 diabetes, high blood pressure, obesity, hyperinsulinemia, and the adjusted odds ratio that computes the relationship between hyperinsulinemia and family history of type 2 diabetes. RESULTS: Family history of type 2 diabetes, high blood pressure, and obesity was recognized in 30 (9.2%), 61 (18.7%), and 74 (22.7%) children and adolescents, respectively. Children and adolescents with positive family history showed higher systolic and diastolic blood pressure, were more obese, and exhibited significantly higher fasting insulin and triglycerides levels, as well as a higher homeostasis model analysis insulin resistance index, than children with negative family history. A total of 48 (15.1%) children and adolescents exhibited hyperinsulinemia, 35 (72.9%) with and 13 (27.1%) without family history. The odds ratio adjusted by gender, fat mass (kilograms and percent), waist circumference, BMI, and Tanner stage showed that family history of diabetes, but not high blood pressure and obesity, was independently related with hyperinsulinemia. CONCLUSIONS: Among children and adolescents, family history of diabetes, but not high blood pressure and obesity, is independently associated with hyperinsulinemia. FAU - Rodríguez-Morán, Martha
Longitudinal changes in risk variables underlying metabolic Syndrome X from childhood to young adulthood in female subjects with a history of early menarche: the Bogalusa Heart Study.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To examine the longitudinal changes in adiposity and related risk variables of Syndrome X from childhood to young adulthood with respect to early onset of menarche. DESIGN: Community-based longitudinal cohort of female subject (65% white, 35% blacks subjects) who participated in two or more surveys from childhood to young adulthood and had reported their menarcheal age (<12 y, n=437 vs > or =12 y, n=1042). RESULTS: In childhood (5-11 y), adolescence (12-18 y), and young adulthood (19-37 y), females with early menarche displayed significantly higher body mass index (BMI) and triceps skinfold thickness; higher stature in childhood and adolescence; higher fasting insulin and homeostasis model assessment index of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) in childhood and adulthood; and higher fasting glucose in adulthood. Blood pressure and lipoprotein variables showed no early menarche-related differences. Longitudinal rates of change in BMI (P=0.002), triceps skinfold thickness (P=0.05), insulin (P=0.09), and HOMA-IR (P=0.05) were positive and faster among female subjects with early menarche; fasting glucose decreased slowly in this group (P=0.006). In a multivariate analysis, body fatness and insulin related independently to early menarche (P<0.001). This association was stronger in white subjects (P=0.0008). In adulthood, the prevalence of clustering of three to four risk factors of syndrome X (highest quartile of: (1) BMI, (2) fasting insulin, (3) systolic or mean arterial pressure, and (4) total cholesterol to HDL cholesterol or triglycerides to HDL cholesterol ratio specific for age, race, and study year) was higher among those with early menarche (10.7 vs 6.2%, P=0.002). The odds for developing such clustering in adulthood among those with early menarche was 1.54 (95% CI=1.14-2.07), regardless of race. CONCLUSION: Early menarche is characterized by excess body fatness and insulin beginning in early childhood and higher prevalence of clustering of adverse levels of risk variables of metabolic Syndrome X in young adulthood. FAU - Frontini, M G
Can we identify adolescents at high risk for nephropathy before the development of microalbuminuria?$$$ AIMS: To determine whether higher than average albumin excretion during early puberty identifies subjects who will subsequently develop microalbuminuria (MA) and clinical proteinuria. METHODS: Longitudinal data from the Oxford Regional Prospective Study of Childhood Diabetes (ORPS; n = 554, median duration of follow-up 10 years; range 3.0-16.7) with assessment of albumin/creatinine ratios in three early morning urine samples collected annually. An albumin excretion phenotype was derived from longitudinal data, for each individual, defining deviation from the mean of regression models, including covariates gender, age, duration of diabetes and age at assessment. Tracking of the phenotypes was confirmed in a second independent cohort from Perth, Australia. RESULTS: The albumin excretion phenotype showed reasonable correlation between age 11-15 years and age 16-18 years in both cohorts, indicative of good 'tracking'. In the ORPS cohort, tertiles of the albumin excretion phenotype at aged 11-15 years were predictive of subsequent risk for the development of MA. All of the subjects developing clinical proteinuria had an albumin excretion phenotype in the upper tertile or an HbA(1c) > 9% at aged 11-15 years. CONCLUSIONS: Identification of adolescents at risk of diabetic nephropathy using an albumin excretion phenotype is feasible. When combined with elevated HbA(1c), it may identify subjects for trial of early intervention with angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors/angiotensin-II receptor antagonists and statins to improve long-term prognosis in these subjects where sustained improvement in glycaemic control may be difficult to achieve. FAU - Dunger, D B
Urinary growth hormone during puberty in normal and diabetic children.$$$ The measurement of GH in urine may have many clinical applications, particularly in childhood. We have used a highly sensitive direct immunoradiometric assay to examine urinary GH excretion in children during puberty. Fifty-five healthy schoolchildren collected timed overnight urine samples. A further 36 children (15 normal, six of short stature and 15 diabetic) collected urine samples during a total of 50 overnight plasma GH secretory profiles (15-min sampling). Overnight urinary GH excretion increased during puberty, with a peak at breast stage 2 in girls, and genital stage 4 in boys, before declining at stage 5. There was a positive correlation (r = 0.57, p = 0.003) with height velocity in girls, but not in boys. At each puberty stage except 2, the diabetics excreted more urinary GH than the normal children. There was a highly significant correlation (r = 0.79, p less than 0.001) between mean overnight plasma GH concentrations and urinary GH excretion, suggesting that the latter accurately reflects physiological GH secretion. FAU - Edge, J A
Transition from multiple daily injections to continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion in type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To review our experience with insulin dosing during the conversion from multiple daily injections to continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) for children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus. STUDY DESIGN: The charts of 65 children who started CSII from January 1998 to April 2000 were reviewed. Data regarding insulin dose and hemoglobin A1c levels were collected from the prepump visit and first (at 1 to 2 months) and second (at 3 to 6 months) visits after being placed on pump therapy. RESULTS: Pubertal patients had a decrease in total insulin dose taking CSII; prepubertal patients had little change (-18 +/- 3.5% vs -1.7 +/- 5%, P =.01). On CSII, the basal insulin dose comprised 40% to 45% of total insulin in both prepubertal and pubertal patients. Maximal basal rate in prepubertal patients occurred from 9 PM to 12 AM and in pubertal patients from 3 AM to 9 AM and from 9 PM to 12 AM. CONCLUSION: Guidelines established for CSII dosing in adults do not necessarily apply to children. The total daily insulin dose needs to be decreased in pubertal patients but may remain unchanged in prepubertal patients. The basal rate comprises 40% to 45% of the total daily insulin dose, and the timing of maximum basal rates is likely to occur in the late evening hours in prepubertal children. FAU - Conrad, Susan C
Cardiovascular risk factors in pre-pubertal Malays: effects of diabetic parentage.$$$ Diabetes prevalence is increasing rapidly in Asian populations but the influence of a family history of diabetes on cardiovascular risk is unknown. To assess this relationship, 120 urban-dwelling Malays were recruited to a cross-sectional case-control study. Sixty were pre-pubertal children, 30 of diabetic parentage (Group 1) and 30 with no diabetes family history (Group 2). Group 1 and 2 subjects were the offspring of adults with (Group 3) or without (Group 4) type 2 diabetes. Subjects were assessed for clinical and biochemical variables defining cardiovascular risk. Principal component analysis assessed clustering of variables in the children. Group 1 subjects had a higher mean waist:hip ratio, diastolic blood pressure and HbA(1c) than those in Group 2, and a lower HDL:total cholesterol ratio (P<0.03). Although there were no correlations between Group 1 and 3 subjects for cardiovascular risk variables, significant associations were found in Groups 2 and 4, especially HbA(1c) and insulin sensitivity (P< or =0.004). Of five separate clusters of variables (factors) identified amongst the children, the strongest comprised diabetic parentage, HbA(1c), insulin sensitivity and blood pressure. Features of the metabolic syndrome are becoming evident in the young non-obese children of diabetic Malays, suggesting that lifestyle factors merit particular attention in this group. FAU - Choo, Keng Ee
Lipoprotein(a) levels in girls with premature adrenarche.$$$ AIM: Elevated lipoprotein(a) (Lp(a)) level is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD). Women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) have higher Lp(a) and risk for CVD than controls. The girls with premature adrenarche (PA) were shown to share similar hormonal/metabolic properties with PCOS. We compared Lp(a) levels in PA, with healthy and PCOS girls. METHODS: In total, 25 PA, 20 controls and 10 girls with PCOS were evaluated. Lp(a), lipid profiles and insulin, glucose, free testosterone, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS) and androstenedione levels were measured. A family history about CVD was obtained. RESULTS: The mean age of girls with PA, at time of the study, was 10.04 +/- 1.53, control 9.83 +/- 1.58 and PCOS was 16.58 +/- 1.46 years. The median (range) of Lp(a) levels were 22.5 (3.50-99.90), 9.6 (3.33-32.40) and 21.2 (5.89-85.65) mg/dL in PA, control and PCOS groups, respectively (P > 0.05). The median Lp(a)'s were 14.5 (3.50-87.00) and 24.30 (6.20-99.90) mg/dL, in prepubertal (Tanner 1) and pubertal PA girls (Tanner 2-5), respectively (P > 0.05). The median Lp(a) of prepubertal peers was 8.7 (3.33-21.17), while that of pubertal ones was 15.4 (4.72-32.40) mg/dL (P > 0.05). There was no difference between Lp(a) levels of pre-pubertal PA girls and their peers; however, significant difference was found in Lp(a) levels in pubertal stages of PA and healthy peers (P < 0.05). The positive family history of CVD was 60% in PA; 55% and 80% in the control and PCOS groups, respectively, with no statistical difference. Lp(a) level was correlated with DHEAS (r = 0.386, P = 0.008) and free testosterone (r = 0.337, P = 0.022) levels positively. There was no significant correlation between Lp(a) and body mass index, fasting insulin and fasting glucose/insulin ratio. CONCLUSIONS: Lipoprotein(a) levels in pubertal girls with PA differ significantly from healthy peers. However, to clarify whether the girls with PA have an additional risk for CVD with respect to Lp(a), further follow-up studies with larger number of patients are necessary. FAU - Andiran, Nesibe
Nutritional, glycometabolic and genetic factors affecting menarcheal age in cystic fibrosis.$$$ Aims of this study were to investigate menarcheal age (MA) and menarcheal determinants in 25 girls with cystic fibrosis (CF) and to compare their MA with their respective mothers'. Patients' MA (13.3 +/- 1.1 yr) was on average significantly higher (p<0.0005) than that of the respective mothers (12.2 +/- 1.0 yr) and positively related to it (r=0.055, p<0.005). Six girls experienced menarche after 14.2 yr, ie after the uppest limit of their mothers' MA range. The only parameter which significantly differentiated these 6 patients from the remaining 19 cases was body mass percentile (BMP). Moreover, in the entire patient series a negative correlation was found between MA and BMP. None of the other clinical parameters correlated significantly with MA. No differences in terms of MA were detected in the subgroups of patients with a different glucose tolerance (GT) status and the 12 girls with a pathological GT were not older at menarche than those with normal GT. No correlations were found between either glucose or insulin areas during oral GT test and MA. In the subgroups of patients with a different genotype menarche occurred at a similar age, irrespectively of their genotype. On the basis of our findings we conclude that: a) a menarcheal delay of approximately 1 yr exists between CF girls and their mothers; b) menarcheal delay in CF is not related to either genotype or disease severity or glycometabolic status; c) the only two factors which are able to affect MA in CF are maternal MA and nutritional status. FAU - Arrigo, T
Pubertal course of persistently short children born small for gestational age (SGA) compared with idiopathic short children born appropriate for gestational age (AGA).$$$ OBJECTIVE: Few data are available on the pubertal development of children born small for gestational age (SGA) who fail to show catch-up growth. DESIGN: A longitudinal analysis compared the pubertal course of persistently short children born SGA compared to children with idiopathic short stature who were appropriate for gestational age (AGA). One hundred and twenty-eight short children (height SDS<-1.7), including 76 (31 boys) born SGA and 52 (22 boys) born AGA, were regularly followed from early childhood to completion of puberty. RESULTS: Puberty was attained at normal age (10.5-14 Years in boys, 9.5-13 Years in girls) for most children in both the SGA and AGA groups (boys, 80% and 77%; girls, 76% and 78% respectively). The duration of puberty was similar in the SGA and AGA groups. Menarche occurred at normal age range but was significantly earlier in the SGA girls (P<0.01 by ANOVA). Despite the similar total pubertal growth, the patterns of growth differed significantly: SGA group - accelerated growth and bone maturation rates from onset of puberty with peak height velocity at Tanner stages 2-3, followed by a decelerated growth rate and earlier fusion of the epiphyses; AGA group - steady progression of bone elongation and maturation throughout puberty (pubertal growth, P<0.05 in both sexes; bone maturation, P<0.001 in both sexes). Final height in the SGA group was compromised compared with their target height (P<0.001). CONCLUSION: Children born SGA have a normal pubertal course with a distinct pubertal growth pattern. This pattern may represent an altered regulation of their growth modalities. FAU - Lazar, Liora
Description of microangiopathy in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus: a 19-year retrospective study.$$$ BACKGROUND: The aim of the study was to estimate the outcome of patients with type 1 diabetes followed in a university hospital in the paediatric department and then in the adult diabetic department for at least 10 years. METHODS: We made a retrospective analysis of 50 patients (28 women and 22 men) with type 1 diabetes with disease duration of 19 +/- 6 years and analysed whether retinopathy and nephropathy had progressed, had remained unchanged or had improved or normalised. RESULTS: The mean age of diabetes onset was 8 +/- 4 years (1-16). Ketoacidosis revealed diabetes in 36% of the children. Mean HbA(1c) was 8.6 +/- 1.8%, and was over 8.5% in 34% of the patients. The mean age at onset of puberty (Tanner stage II) was 12 +/- 1 years in girls and 13 +/- 1 years in boys. Mean HbA(1c) was 7.9 +/- 1.2% during the year before onset of puberty and 8.7 +/- 1.1% in the following 3 years, corresponding to a 10% pubertal increase in HbA(1c). Retinopathy was seen in 50% of the patients at a mean age of 22 +/- 5 years, 15 +/- 6 years after onset of diabetes. Mean HbA(1c) was 9.7 +/- 1.6% in patients with proliferative retinopathy, 9.0 +/- 1.5% in patients with non proliferative retinopathy, and 8.1 +/- 1.3% in those without (p=0.02, proliferative versus no retinopathy, p > 0.05 non proliferative versus no retinopathy). Microalbuminuria was diagnosed in 26% of the patients. Mean HbA(1c) was 9.3 +/- 2.1% in patients with microalbuminuria versus 8.1 +/- 1.3% in those with normoalbuminuria (p=0.02). CONCLUSIONS: Glycemic control was similar in patients with non proliferative retinopathy and those without. Proliferative retinopathy and nephropathy were both related to the level of glycemic control. FAU - Bouhanick, B
[What glycemic control can be achieved in young diabetics without residual secretion of endogenous insulin? What is the frequency of severe hypoglycemia and subclinical complications?].$$$ BACKGROUND: Successful therapeutic management of the child and adolescent with diabetes mellitus requires insulin administration, dietary management, physical activity and physical fitness, and emotional support. The ultimate aim is to avoid long-term microvascular, renal and neurologic complications by maintaining blood glucose concentrations close to the normal range. We determined the mean annual glycosylated hemoglobin levels (HbA1c) that can be achieved in young diabetic patients without residual insulin secretion. POPULATION AND METHODS: One hundred and twenty-nine patients aged 17.7 +/- 6.4 yr (m +/- SD) were followed sequentially for 1 year by the same pediatric diebetologist. They had a diabetes duration from 2 to 27 yr (mean: 9.7). Mean age at onset of diabetes was 8.1 +/- 3.7 yr. C-peptide was undetectable in all patients. Subclinical retinopathy, neuropathy and nephropathy were looked for in all patients. HbA1c was measured by an HPLC method (normal range: 4.4-6.0%) at each visit (6.6 +/- 1.9 visits/yr/patient). RESULTS: Mean (SD) annual HbA1c levels were 6.9 +/- 1.5%, ie 115% of normal values. The frequency of monthly home blood glucose monitoring (HBGM) was between 0 and 250 measurements (77 +/- 49). HbA1c was not related to sex, ethnicity, age, and duration of diabetes. There was no difference between the 84 patients on only two or three daily insulin injections (aged 15.1 +/- 5.6 yr with a diabetes duration of 7.5 +/- 5.2 yr), and the 45 patients on four injections using the basal bolus regimen (aged 22.5 +/- 5.2 yr with a diabetes duration of 13.7 +/- 5.5 yr). The regression analysis showed a weak but significant inverse correlation between HbA1c and frequency of HBGM as well as frequency of outpatient clinic attendance. The yearly incidence rates of severe hypoglycemia were 0.10 in the two injection group and 0.31 in the four injection group without relationship to HbA1c levels. Frequency of subclinical complications was 15% for nephropathy, 31% for neuropathy and 39% for retinopathy. The minimum age at which incipient complications appear was 13 yr for one complication, 17 yr for the association of two complications, 23 yr for the association of three, after a diabetes duration of 3, 7, 15 yr, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: In 30% of young diabetic patients without residual insulin secretion, it is possible to obtain mean annual HbA1c levels within the normal range. Increased frequency of HBGM and of clinic attendance help to reduce HbA1c levels. In contrast, multiple insulin injection therapy, allowing more freedom for diet, does not necessarily improve metabolic control and is associated with a higher incidence of severe hypoglycemic episodes. Incipient complications have to be looked for by sensitive methods from puberty. FAU - Dorchy, H
Growth data in large series of 587 children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Discordant data were found in recent growth studies in children with type-1 diabetes mellitus. This study focuses on growth data and final height in the largest cohort of diabetic children studied so far. METHODS: 7598 growth data collected in a longitudinal/cross sectional way between 1971 and 1996 in 587 diabetic subjects (317 males, 270 females) were available for analysis of height and BMI, together with 3889 HbA1c measurements. Final height data were correlated with target height in 123 subjects. The individual growth and BMI linear regression curve of each patient was compared to growth standards and correlated with HbA1c. RESULTS: Children of both sexes were taller at the first observation (males, SDS 0.15 +/- 1.10, mean +/- SD, P=0.02, females, SDS 0.74 +/- 1.46, P<0.001) and tended to lose height afterwards (males, P<0.001, females, n.s.). Males reached a final height of 176.5 cm (n=62, target height 176.8, n.s.) and females 167.0 cm (n=61, target height 165.6, n.s.). Children of both sexes had a higher than normal BMI at first observation (males, SDS 0.32 +/- 1.31, P<0.001, females, SDS 0.10 +/- 0.52, P=0.02). Females but not males gained weight over-proportionally afterwards. HbA1c did not predict any of the variables. CONCLUSION: Diabetic children are taller close to the diabetes onset, which may be due to the synchronization of onset of diabetic symptoms with the mid-childhood growth spurt or the pubertal growth spurt accompanied by elevated growth hormone and/or androgen levels and increased insulin resistance. The subsequent growth deceleration may represent a physiological lag-down growth. This concept is supported by normal adult heights following growth deceleration. FAU - Lebl, Jan
[Quality of treatment in children with type 1 diabetes based on the Polish Prospective Pump Programme].$$$ BACKGROUND: In pediatric patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus, the value of HbA1c is a predictor of the risk of late systemic complications in adulthood. In the last years significant changes in the method of treatment in pre-pubertal children with T1DM have taken place. However, there is lack of precise data concerning the results of metabolic control of this group of patients. THE AIM: was to assess the impact of the Polish Prospective Insulin Pump Programme (OPPLP) on the quality of metabolic control in prepubertal children with T1DM. The OPPLP included also education for diabetological staff (HPC) from the Polish Diabetic Centres as well as standardization of continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) implementation procedures. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Population studies were conducted in the years: 2005-2008. 920 patients were enrolled at age from 1.2 to 14.6 years (median 8.5 years). 71.75 % of patients were in pre-pubertal age. 734 patients received CSII therapy. The cross sectional, prospective study, conducted according to the protocol of the OPPLP with clinical data collection from 2005 to 2008. We analyzed the data obtained during 1657 visits and assessed 1657 blood samples for HbA1c value in the Central Laboratory. The clinical data were recorded in the electronic net-database. RESULTS: In whole group the median of HbA1c was 7.46 % (min. 5% - max. 12.1%); 60.1% patients has HbA1c below 7.5%. The quality of treatment was comparable among the centres: med. HbA1c ranged from min. 6.5% to max. 8.0%. During the period from 2005 to 2008 effective results were obtained in glycemic control: med. HbA1c: 2005 - 7.6%, 2006 - 7.2%, 2007 - 7.0% and 2008 - 7.5%. Slightly higher HbA1c was observed in children with longer duration of diabetes (r=0.17, p<0.005). CONCLUSIONS: The OPPLP, including HCP education, enabled optimalization of metabolic control in the prepubertal children switched pump therapy. Moreover, the programme brought about an even level of treatment between the Polish Diabetic Centres irrespective of their size. It is important to continue the programme and to develop a country level register of children with T1DM. FAU - Pańkowska, Ewa
[Growth of children with insulin-dependent diabetes. Study of 104 cases].$$$ BACKGROUND: Results of studies of growth in children with diabetes mellitus are still conflicting. In a cross-sectional and longitudinal study, statural growth was analysed in a sample of diabetic children in order to specify its characteristics and relationship with various factors. POPULATION AND METHODS: One hundred and four children (53 girls and 51 boys) with insulin-dependent diabetes for more than 3 years have been studied (age at onset and duration of diabetes, respectively, 6.4 +/- 4.1 and 8.5 +/- 4.8 in girls; 6.1 +/- 3.9 and 7.9 +/- 3.9 in boys; m +/- SD). A control group included 51 boys (age: 8.9 +/- 2.9) and 49 girls (age: 9.3 +/- 2.7). Data were collected every three months. Hemoglobin A1c was measured using high performance liquid chromatography (normal range: 5.0 +/- 1.0%; m +/- 2 DS). RESULTS: At diagnosis, height (evaluated in SD) did not differ between diabetic children and controls. Three years before the onset of diabetes, boys were taller compared to controls (1.02 +/- 0.20 vs 0.41 +/- 0.17; P < 0.05; m +/- SEM). Children five years after the onset of disease were overweight compared to controls (girls: 0.96 +/- 0.16 vs 0.00 +/- 0.20; boys: 0.59 +/- 0.16 vs -0.04 +/- 0.15; P < 0.01; m +/- SEM). Longitudinal study showed a progressive decrease of mean growth velocity starting at least 2 years before the onset of diabetes and proceeding until the end of growth. From diagnosis to the end of height development, there was a growth loss of 0.66 SD in girls (p < 0.01) and 0.69 SD in boys (p < 0.05). This alteration of growth affected more clearly children who became diabetic before the onset of puberty, especially those with early-onset diabetes and bad metabolic control. Growth changes for the first 5 years of diabetes were significantly and negatively correlated with mean hemoglobin A1c levels (r = -0.57). Growth changes from the onset of diabetes to the end of growth were correlated with age at diagnosis, (boys: r = 0.73; girls: r = 0.37). During puberty, girls exhibited a reduced growth spurt, especially when they were overweight and received too low doses of insulin. CONCLUSIONS: On the whole, diabetic children were growing in normal range. Growth was adversely and mainly affected by early-onset diabetes, a long duration of disease, many years of poor metabolic control and, especially in adolescent girls, low doses of insulin and weight excess. FAU - Jos, J
[Visceral adiposity and its association with serum lipids in female obese teenagers].$$$ BACKGROUND: Increased visceral or abdominal adipose tissue in children and adults is strongly associated with metabolic and a variety of chronic diseases. AIM: To study the association between visceral or external body measurements of adiposity with blood lipids, glucose and insulin levels, in obese female adolescents. MATERIAL AND METHODS: In a cross-sectional study, 47 obese female adolescents (body mass index (BMI) >95th percentile) aged 10 to 15 years, were analyzed. Weight, height, BMI, Tanner pubertal stages, skinfold thickness, waist circumference, waist-to-hip ratio, fasting and 120 min post prandial blood glucose, serum insulin, and lipid profile were studied. Visceral fat was assessed by computed tomography at the L4-L5 level, measuring the fat area or the length of a straight drawn line between the spine and the internal border of the rectus abdominus muscle. RESULTS: No association between lipid profile and BMI or external body measurements (skinfold thickness, waist circumference, waist-to-hip ratio) was observed. Total serum cholesterol >170 mg/dL was positively associated with the straight line over 63 mm (a cut-off obtained by ROC analysis (RR 2.64; 1.15-6.08). This association was statistically significant in girls in Tanner I + II (n =21; Fisher, p <0.023), but not with Tanner III + IV (n=26) stages. Increased cholesterol (>170 mg/dL) was also positively associated with a serum insulin >17 uU/mL in the Tanner I + II group (Fisher p<0.05), but not with the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA). CONCLUSIONS: No external body measurement of adiposity was associated to increased serum cholesterol in these obese female adolescents. Increased total cholesterol (>170 mg/dL) was associated with visceral fat (evaluated through the straight line spina-rectus abdominus muscle), and also with a serum insulin >17 uU/ml in those teenagers with Tanner I or II pubertal stages. FAU - Neri, Daniela
The association of body shape trajectories over the life course with type 2 diabetes risk in adulthood: a group-based modeling approach.$$$ PURPOSE: Low birth weight is a well-recognized risk factor for type 2 diabetes (T2D), but less is known about risks associated with the evolution of body shape throughout life with incident T2D in adulthood. METHODS: In 80,110 women from the Etude Epidémiologique auprès de femmes de la Mutuelle Générale de l'Education Nationale (E3N) cohort study, trajectories of self-reported body shapes from age 8 years to 35-40 years were derived using a group-based modeling approach and studied in relation with incident T2D. RESULTS: Compared with women who maintained a stable midrange body shape trajectory from 8 to 40 years, women in all other observed trajectories were at a higher risk of developing T2D in adulthood: The highest risk was observed for women who were lean at age 8 years and had a sharp increase in body shape (hazards ratio = 2.91 [2.35-3.62]); their T2D risk was higher (P for homogeneity = .059) than for women who maintained the largest body shape (hazards ratio = 2.18 [1.76-2.69]). CONCLUSIONS: A group-based modeling approach has identified trajectories of body shape evolution with different risks of developing T2D in adulthood. A sharp increase in body shape after puberty in previously lean girls is a risk factor for the subsequent development of diabetes.
Postprandial hyperlipidemia after a fat loading test in minority adolescents with type 2 diabetes mellitus and obesity.$$$ The continuing increase in the incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM2) and obesity in children and adolescents is attributable to excessive caloric intake. Abnormal lipid metabolism in the postprandial state leads to long exposure of the vasculature to hyperlipidemia. Most children and adolescents with DM2 are obese, and many have fasting hypertriglyceridemia. Clustering of hyperlipidemia, DM2 and obesity increases the risk for cardiovascular disease. We therefore studied lipids, insulin, C-peptide, and glucose in response to an oral fat load simulating the fat content of a high-fat, fast-food meal in 12 type 2 diabetic obese, 15 non-diabetic obese, and 12 non-diabetic non-obese (control) adolescents (aged 10-19 yr; 87% African-Americans). All three groups were age-, sex-, and sexual maturation-matched. Mean body mass indices were similar in the diabetes and obese groups (32.7 +/- 1.1 vs 35.8 +/- 1.6 kg/m2). All patients with DM2 had fasting C-peptide > 0.2 nmol/l (0.7 ng/ml) and negative diabetes-associated autoantibodies. Serum total cholesterol, triglyceride, high- and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, insulin, C-peptide, and plasma glucose levels were measured at 0, 2, 4, and 6 h after the fat load. The area under the curve (AUC) was calculated by trapezoidal estimation. Triglyceride AUC was significantly greater in the diabetes group than in the other two groups (15.7 +/- 2.9 vs 9.2 +/- 0.7 and 7.5 +/- 0.7 mmol x h/l [1389 +/- 258 vs 819 +/- 60 and 663 +/- 62 mg x h/dl]; p < 0.02 and <0.004, respectively), as were insulin, C-peptide, and glucose AUCs. Incremental triglyceride response (delta triglyceride = peak - fasting) in the diabetes group was significantly higher than that in the control group (2.1 +/- 0.7 vs 0.8 +/- 0.1 mmol/l 189.7 +/- 58.4 vs 71.2 +/- 11.1 mg/dl]; p < 0.04). Insulin resistance was estimated using the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA), which was greater in the diabetes group than in the obese and control groups (14.4 +/- 2.8 vs 5.2 +/- 0.8 and 3.2 +/- 0.4; p < 0.001 and < 0.0001, respectively). The diabetes group was divided into subgroups of high and normal fasting triglycerides on the basis of triglyceride levels above and below the 95th percentile. The delta triglyceride in the subgroup with high fasting triglycerides was substantially greater than in the subgroup with normal fasting triglycerides (3.4 +/- 1.1 vs 0.8 +/- 0.2 mmol/l [305.2 +/- 96.8 vs 74.2 +/- 18.0 mg/dl]; p < 0.001). Total cholesterol and triglyceride AUCs were much greater in the high vs normal fasting triglycerides subgroup (33.0 +/- 2.9 vs 24.2 +/- 1.9 and 23.6 +/- 3.5 vs 7.8 +/- 0.6 mmol x h/l [1274 +/- 113 vs 934 +/- 72 and 2085 +/- 309 vs 692 +/- 49 mg x h/dl]; p < 0.02 and <0.0001, respectively), as were insulin and C-peptide AUCs. HOMA was greater in the high vs normal fasting triglycerides subgroup (20.8 +/- 4.0 vs 8.0 +/- 1.6; p < 0.0001). In addition to elevated plasma glucose levels, there were no significant differences in either insulin or lipid parameters among the diabetes subgroup with normal fasting triglycerides, the obese group, and controls. Our data suggest that postprandial hyperlipidemia in response to a fat loading test is present in adolescents with DM2 who already have fasting hypertriglyceridemia. The degree of insulin resistance as an underlying abnormality--not DM per se--determines the degree of postprandial lipemia. FAU - Umpaichitra, Vatcharapan
Risk of nephropathy can be detected before the onset of microalbuminuria during the early years after diagnosis of type 1 diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The early detection of a rise in albumin excretion within the normal range could permit early intervention to prevent the development of microalbuminuria (MA) in genetically susceptible subjects with type 1 diabetes. In the Oxford Regional Prospective Study we prospectively examined urine albumin excretion during the first years after diagnosis of childhood type 1 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Between 1986 and 1995, 511 subjects aged < 16 years were recruited at diagnosis and followed for a median of 6 years (range 1-14). In 78 subjects (designated cases), an annual assessment of the albumin-to-creatinine ratio (ACR) in three morning first-void urine samples detected MA (males: ACR > or =3.5 mg/mmol, females: ACR > or =4.0 mg/mmol in two of three urine samples). In 63 of these subjects and 396 normoalbuminuric diabetic control subjects, rates of change of the ACR were calculated as the slope of the ACR over diabetes duration. RESULTS: The baseline ACR (median [interquartile (IQ) range]), as measured at 1-2.5 years' duration of diabetes, was higher in microalbuminuric subjects than in the normoalbuminuric subjects (1.0 mg/mmol [0.6-2.1], n = 52, vs. 0.8 mg/mmol [0.6-1.2], n = 303; P = 0.02). The rate of increase of the ACR in the years before the onset of MA was higher in the microalbuminuric subjects than in the normoalbuminuric subjects (70% per year [37-149], n = 63, vs. 1% per year [-9 to 13], n = 396; P < 0.001). The mean HbA1c level after the onset of puberty was weakly correlated with the rate of change of the ACR (r = 0.11, P = 0.024, n = 418). CONCLUSIONS: Higher levels of ACR within the first 2 years after diagnosis and a significantly higher rate of increase of the ACR within the first 5 years from diagnosis can be detected in subjects who subsequently develop MA. HbA1c is a determinant of risk for MA, but pubertal factors have a greater effect on rates of progression of urine albumin excretion during adolescence in this cohort. FAU - Schultz, C J
[Changes in carbohydrate metabolism and insulin resistance in patients with Prader-Willi Syndrome (PWS) under growth hormone therapy].$$$ BACKGROUND: Life expectance and life quality have markedly changed in PWS patients within the last 10-15 years. A strict diet, improved physical activity and an additive growth hormone treatment have led to these changes. Growth hormone therapy decreases body fat and improves final height. But growth hormone also antagonizes insulin and therefore increases the diabetic potential. The purpose of our study was to investigate incidence and multiple dependencies of development of impaired carbohydrate metabolism in patients with PWS under growth hormone therapy and to determine suitable parameters for the work-up. PATIENTS AND METHODS: 34 patients with genetically approved PWS have been treated with growth hormone for at least 0.5 years. The mean duration of growth hormone treatment was 2.15 years (0.5-4.51). At the start of growth hormone treatment patients were 1.33 to 16.47 years old. The clinical picture and the nutritional situation of children with PWS change age-dependent and can be divided up into three phases. The patients were duty subdivided into three age-groups at the beginning of growth hormone treatment. Group 1: 15 PWS patients, mean age 2.62 years (1.33-3.78). Group 2: 10 PWS patients, mean age 5.54 years (4.08-7.61). Group 3: 9 PWS patients, mean age 11.35 years (8.89-16.47). Data were collected within 0.3-0.38 years before start of treatment and every 6 months throughout the treatment period. Anthropometrical data, fat mass by bioelectric impedance analysis (BIA), fasting insulin, HbA1c, C-peptide, blood fats and the blood sugar profile in oral glucose tolerance tests (OGT/1.75 g glucose/kg body mass) were obtained. Growth hormone therapy was started with an average dose of 0.031 mg/kg body mass in all groups. Insulin resistance was based on Homeostasis Model Assessment-Test (HOMA). RESULT: No IR or pathological OGT were detected when growth hormone therapy started before the 4th year of life. When therapy started between the 4th and 8th year, PWS patients with normal weight did not develop an IR under GH therapy. 6% developed a glucose tolerance (IGT) disorder and 4% developed an increased fasting glucose (IFG). 5 of 9 PWS patients older than 8 years at therapystart showed a transient disorder of glucose metabolism: 11% of the results obtained in these patients presented an IR with no pathological OGT, 13% showed an IR with IGT, 7% showed an IR with IFG, and 2% showed an IR with transient diabetes. For 4% the IFG persisted with no IR, for 4% the IGT persisted with no IR. These patients differed from younger ones by an increased average BMI, an increase fat body ratio and an increase fasting insulin as well as an already reached puberty. No difference was found in C-peptide, HbA1c or GH dose/kg/body mass. CONCLUSION: Transient glucose metabolism disorders with no development of manifest insulin resistance are shown by PWS patients with normal weight starting from 4th year under GH therapy. Changes in the glucose metabolism with and with no development of IR appear after start of puberty and weight increase. Changes persisted partially for 18 months. GH therapy was not interrupted for any patient, whereby physical training and dietetic measurements were increased for all patients. HOMA-index and OGT shall be used in parallel to monitor glucose metabolism as both show independently distinctive features. HbA1c and C-peptide are not suitable parameters for monitoring carbohydrate metabolism in PWS patients under GH treatment. FAU - Lämmer, Constanze
Central precocious puberty in multisystem Langerhans cell histiocytosis: a case report.$$$ The authors describe a girl with multisystem Langerhans cell histiocytosis (LCH) who developed central precocious puberty (CPP). At the age of 19 months she presented with otorrhea and polypoid formations in the ear canal; polyps were removed and LCH suspected. She subsequently developed diabetes insipidus with a documented lesion of the pituitary stalk; she received chemotherapy and began therapy with l-desamino-8-D-argininevasopressin. Growth hormone deficiency was diagnosed at the age of 4.4 years and GH replacement therapy started. The patient has been off therapy for LCH since the age of 6. Signs of pubertal development appeared at 7.5 years (bone age 8 years) and gonadotropin-releasing hormone analog (GnRHa) treatment was started. During the observation period she developed central hypothyroidism. Development of CPP during LCH is extremely rare; to the authors 'knowledge, no patient has been described so far. The authors believe that CPP was secondary to LCH and did not represent a casual finding, even in the absence of hypothalamic-pituitary axis involvement. The presence of preceding lesions producing excessive cytokine levels, with damage on the neurosecretory apparatus that inhibits the GnRH pulse generator, represents the most intriguing hypothesis. The possibility of CPP development should be considered during the follow-up of these patients. FAU - Municchi, G
Response to oral gliclazide in a pre-pubertal child with hepatic nuclear factor-1 alpha maturity onset diabetes of the young.$$$ The term "maturity onset diabetes of the young" (MODY) describes a heterogeneous group of monogenic diabetes of which hepatic nuclear factor-1 alpha (HNF-1α) MODY is the most common. Patients with HNF-1α mutations typically present after puberty, and oral sulfonylureas (SU) have been shown to be effective in adults with this condition. A 7-year-old boy presented with asymptomatic hyperglycemia ranging between 6.2 and 10.1 mmol/L and glycosuria for nearly a year. The child's initial HbA 1c was 6.9% and the pancreatic Islet cell autoantibodies were negative. His response to the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) showed a large increment of glucose from basal level of 7.7 to 21.1 mmol/L in 120 min. The mild presentation, family history, and negative autoantibodies were suggestive of HNF-1α MODY, which was confirmed by mutation analysis. Initial management with diet alone was not sufficient, but he responded well to 20 mg oral gliclazide once a day with an improvement of HbA 1C from 7.2% to 6.5% within 3 months of treatment. The case is an illustration of the clinical utility of molecular genetic tests in the management of childhood diabetes. FAU - Habeb, Abdelhadi M
[Introduction of sucrose in the diet plan of persons with type 1 diabetes: its influence in the glycemic control].$$$ To evaluate the influence of sucrose intake in the glycemic control, ten adolescents with type 1 diabetes were followed during eight months. Initially, they received personalized orientation on diet, self monitoring blood glucose and insulin dose adjustment; after four months, all patients introduced sucrose in their afternoon meals, through the method of carbohydrate counting. Total cholesterol and triglycerides levels were measured in the beginning and in the final of the study. Hemoglobin A1C levels were measured in the beginning, after four months without and after four months with intake of foods with sucrose. All patients showed adequate pubertal development and growth; two had overweight and the others were eutrophic. After four months of follow up, the frequency of self monitoring blood glucose was reduced (p< 0.001). Total cholesterol and triglycerides values were in the normal range and A1C values decreased during the observed period (p= 0.027). CONCLUSION: The consumption of foods with sucrose, using the technique of carbohydrate counting, did not affect the metabolic control of adolescents with type 1 diabetes. FAU - Costa, Paula Cristina A da
Growth disorders in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ The aim of the research was to analyze anthropometric variables in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM) in relation with the stage of pubertal development at onset of disease and quality of metabolic control over five-year long observation. Diagnosed children were taller than their peers. This especially referred to age group between 4 and 9.5 years. On the whole, weight of the patients and healthy controls did not differ. However, the diagnosed children had substantially lower weight in puberty than healthy controls. Body mass index was significantly lower in the group of diagnosed children on the whole and in puberty. During a five-year long observation patients have had a significant retardation of growth. However, that retardation referred primarily to patients in prepuberty. Growth retardation was more pronounced with bad metabolic control. Growth was satisfactory if onset of disease had been in puberty. A significant weight gain was observed in patients in puberty whereas in those in prepuberty there was no significant change of body weight at the end of five-year long observation. Metabolic control did not affect observed changes. There were significant differences of anthropometric variables between those suffering from type 1 DM and their peers. The differences depended on the age at onset. The disease had a negative effect on growth with onset in prepuberty, whereas in puberty growth was satisfactory. However, puberty was a period in which patients increased their weight excessively. Prepuberty was a period in which growth had been significantly affected by metabolic control. FAU - Stipancić, Gordana
Urinary growth hormone excretion in post-menarcheal adolescent girls with type 1 diabetes.$$$ The aim of the present study was to compare measurements of urinary growth hormone (GH), serum insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) and IGF binding protein 3 (IGFBP3) between two groups of post-menarcheal girls, 13-18 y of age, one comprising 64 type 1 diabetic patients and the other 64 healthy girls matched for age and stage of puberty. GH was determined on two occasions in nocturnal urine samples by using a modification of an immunoradiometric method for serum. Significantly higher urinary GH concentrations but lower IGF-I and IGFBP3 levels were found in diabetic girls than in controls (p < 0.001). A significant correlation was found between urinary GH concentrations and the daily dose of insulin (U kg[-1]) (r = 0.426, p = 0.003). Urinary GH concentrations were also significantly related to HbA1c (r = 0.380, p = 0.003). In conclusion, disturbances of the GH-IGF-I axis may be evaluated by the use of non-invasive urinary GH measurements, which is a simple alternative to frequent sampling of serum GH. Increased GH secretion seems to be related to a great need for insulin and poor metabolic control. More knowledge about underlying causal factors in the disturbed GH-IGF-I axis is required. FAU - Aman, J
Autonomic nerve function in adolescents with Type 1 diabetes mellitus: relationship to microalbuminuria.$$$ AIMS: Thirty adolescent patients with Type 1 diabetes mellitus and microalbuminuria were studied for evidence of early autonomic neuropathy. METHODS: Using tests involving cardiovascular and pupillary reflexes, the adolescents were compared with a normoalbuminuric group of patients with diabetes, who were matched for age, sex, puberty and duration of diabetes. RESULTS: There was an increased prevalence of autonomic nerve dysfunction in the patients with microalbuminuria. These patients had higher resting heart rates (86 beats/min in the microalbuminuric group vs. 77 beats/min in normoalbuminuric controls, P = 0.002), and impaired pupillary dilatation in darkness (pupillary diameter % 56.5% vs. 62.5%, P = 0.003). Patients with microalbuminuria also had poorer long term glycaemic control (mean HbA1C 8.7% vs. 7.8%, P = 0.002) and higher blood pressures (systolic 125 vs. 116 mmHg, P = 0.001; diastolic 69 vs. 62 mmHg, P = 0.0001; mean arterial pressure 90 vs. 83 mmHg, P = 0.002) than those with normal urinary albumin excretion. CONCLUSIONS: Microalbuminuria and autonomic nerve dysfunction co-exist in patients with Type 1 DM. Longitudinal studies will determine whether these findings have implications for the identification of patients at higher risk of progression of early renal complications. FAU - Clarke, C F
[Hypogonadism may cause insulin resistance in young males].$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the relationship between hypogonadism and insulin resistance in young male. METHODS: Twenty-one hypogonadism young males aged 15 to 30 years were included in the clinical trial group, and 11 healthy young males of similar age and BMI in the control. Height, weight, serum FSH, LH, total testosterone (TT), nuclear type and bone age were measured for all the subjects. Serum glucose and insulin levels were taken through 3 h OGTT at 0, 30, 60, 120 and 180 min. And comparisons were made of the levels of fast glucose and insulin, areas under the curve of glucose and insulin and HOMA insulin resistance indexes (HOMA-IR) between the two groups. RESULTS: (1) In the hypogonadism group the average value of TT was (0.9 +/- 0.6) nmol/L and 5 cases of Klinefelter syndrome had pubertal development with Tanner stage above P3, while the other 16 had no. (2) No significant differences were found in BMI, age, areas under the glucose and insulin secretory curve in OGTT between the two groups. (3) Three patients were diagnosed as IGT by OGTT in hypogonadism group, whose serum glucose levels at 120 min were 8.6, 7.9 and 8.2 mmol/L respectively. The maximal insulin excretion time was 30 min after glucose loading. No IGT or DM was found in the control group. (4) Significant difference was found in HOMA-IR and fast insulin level between the two groups. CONCLUSION: (1) IGT incidence was higher in the hypogonadism group than in the control. (2) HOMA-IR and fast insulin levels were significantly higher in the hypogonadism group than in the control, which suggests that lower serum testosterone may cause insulin resistance in young male patients. FAU - Mao, Jiang-feng
Progressive optic atrophy associated with juvenile diabetes mellitus: report of two cases among first cousins.$$$ Two first cousins both suffering from insulin dependent diabetes mellitus since early childhood developed progressive optic atrophy from the age of 5 and 9 years respectively. They had similar ophthamological features which include optic atrophy with cupping, paracentral scotomata, and total achromatopsia. One patient also had stunted growth, delayed puberty and psychiatric disorder. Neither had diabetes insipidus and deafness. It is suggested that they may be a variant of DIDMOAD (Diabetes Insipidus, Juvenile Diabetes Mellitus, Optic Atrophy, Deafness). FAU - Chuah, G
[Microalbuminuria as risk factor for nephropathy in children with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus].$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the prevalence of microalbuminuria (> or = 30 mg/24 h) in children with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM). DESIGN: Retrospective. SETTING: Department of Pediatrics, University Hospital, Free University of Amsterdam. METHODS: Albumin excretion rate was assessed in 24-hour voiding volumes in 71 children, mean age 11.8 yrs (range 3.5-17.9; 27 boys and 43 girls). Mean duration of IDDM was 5.4 yrs (1.0-5.0). Patients with albuminuria were compared with patients without microalbuminuria. Results of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibition (n = 4) are presented. RESULTS: The prevalence of microalbuminuria was 16% (n = 11). In 7% (n = 5) the microalbuminuria was persistent; in 9% (n = 6) it was intermittent. The mean age of the children with microalbuminuria (14.0 years; 8.9-17.4) was significantly higher than the age of the children without this disorder (11.7 years; 3.5-17.9). Two prepubertal children had developed microalbuminuria. The group with microalbuminuria had a significantly higher age at onset of the disease (8.1 years; 1.9-13.0) than the group without microalbuminuria (5.8 jaar; 0.9-14.5). The daily dose of insulin in the group with microalbuminuria was significantly higher (1.15 U/kg; 0.6-1.56) than in the group without microalbuminuria (0.97 U/kg; 0.20-1.87). There was no correlation between microalbuminuria and the duration of the disease. CONCLUSION: Microalbuminuria may exist as early as the prepuberal period, but is found more frequently in children with IDDM who have entered puberty. There is a correlation between microalbuminuria and the age which it develops, the age at onset of the IDDM and the daily dose of insulin. Secondary prevention of diabetic nephropathy with ACE inhibition appears to be possible. FAU - Baak, M A
[Body image in adolescence: a comparative study of healthy and chronically ill adolescents].$$$ The following study analyzes the preliminary data obtained during a 4 year longitudinal study of 108 diabetic and 107 healthy youths. It was investigated whether chronically ill youths have a more negative body image of themselves than do healthy ones. Further it was studied whether the objective degree of maturity and the quality of the metabolic adjustment of the disease influenced the physical self image of the chronically ill youths. Diabetics were found to view their body as less efficient, underdeveloped and sexually less differentiated, for example. Menarche and pollarche were also viewed negatively. Poor metabolic control of the disease was accompanied by an especially poor physical self image of these young people. Sex related differences in the self image of youths were found only in the control group. Differences in sex are evidently neutralized by the factor disease. FAU - Boeger, A
Epidemiological aspects of the natural history of childhood diabetes.$$$ Studies in identical twins have shown only a 50% concordance for type 1 diabetes, indicating that environmental factors are of major importance. Prospective studies in twins and siblings of type 1 diabetics provide evidence of a long prediabetic phase. Environmental factors, inducing a pathological immune response in genetically susceptible individuals, may thus act long before the clinical onset. In Sweden a high and increasing incidence of childhood diabetes has been shown, with peak incidence rates at puberty in both boys and girls. The incidence rate is higher for boys than for girls. Significant geographical and seasonal variations are clearly indicated. The epidemiology of lost beta-cell function shortly after clinical onset differs significantly from the epidemiology of clinical onset as to sex and geographical and seasonal distribution. Environmental factors that affect the clinical onset of type 1 diabetes may thus differ from factors affecting the beta-cell function after onset. Factors affecting the peripheral insulin sensitivity should therefore be taken into consideration also when discussing the natural history of type 1 diabetes. FAU - Blom, L
Hamartoma of the suprasellar cistern in a 5-year-old girl.$$$ A 5-year-old girl with precocious puberty secondary to a suprasellar hamartoma is presented. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) revealed a lesion without attachment to the tuber cinereum or the mamillary bodies. Total resection of the tumour was performed. FAU - Boto, G R
Early manifestation of type 1 diabetes in children is a risk factor for changed bone geometry: data using peripheral quantitative computed tomography.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Normal to severely decreased bone mineral density has been reported in children with type 1 diabetes. To detect possible abnormalities in bone mineralization, geometry, and muscle bone unit, we measured selective parameters in children with type 1 diabetes using peripheral quantitative computed tomography. METHODS: Measurements of the radius by peripheral quantitative computed tomography were made to assess cortical and trabecular bone characteristics as well as muscle mass in 88 patients (42 girls, 46 boys) at a mean age of 11.7 +/- 3.0 years, a mean disease duration of 5.6 +/- 3.7 years, and a mean manifestation age of type 1 diabetes of 6.1 +/- 3.5 years. Height, weight, Tanner stage, insulin regimen, and glycosylated hemoglobin values were recorded. Bone metabolism was studied by measurement of bone formation and bone resorption parameters. Dynamic muscle force was measured using a grip strength device. RESULTS: Overall, cortical, trabecular, and total bone mineral density were within the reference range. Total and cortical bone cross-sectional area and muscle mass were low in prepubertal patients, and total cross-sectional area was low in early puberty. Adolescent patients showed normal bone and muscle parameters. Grip strength and recreational physical activity were normal in all in relation to a healthy reference population. In a subgroup of 18 patients, early manifestation of type 1 diabetes was detected as a risk factor for altered bone development with significantly reduced cortical bone mineral density and total, cortical, and muscle cross-sectional area (-0.9 +/- 1.3 SD, -2.1 +/- 1.3 SD, -1.6 +/- 0.7 SD, and -1.0 +/- 0.7 SD, respectively). Bone characteristics were not influenced by metabolic control, disease duration, or insulin regimen. CONCLUSIONS: Manifestation of type 1 diabetes at an early age may impair bone development. Longitudinal data are needed to determine whether this impairment persists into adolescence and adulthood. FAU - Bechtold, Susanne
Nocturnal blood pressure non-dipping is prevalent in severely obese, prepubertal and early pubertal children.$$$ AIM: To investigate the prevalence of nocturnal blood pressure dipping among obese prepubertal and early pubertal children and to analyse the relationship between dipping and measures of insulin-glucose metabolism or sleep-disordered breathing. METHODS: We studied 76 obese children (41% girls) under clinical care, with an average age of 10.4 ± 1.7 and a body mass index Z-score (BMI Z-score) of 6.2 ± 1.6. We performed a 24-h ambulatory blood pressure measurement. Non-dipping was defined as a nocturnal blood pressure reduction of <10%. We calculated measures of insulin-glucose metabolism from the performed frequently sampled intravenous glucose-tolerance test and from fasting blood samples. Overnight sleep polygraph recordings were performed to assess sleep-disordered breathing. RESULTS: Forty-two percent of the children were systolic non-dippers, and 17% were diastolic non-dippers. There were no associations between systolic or diastolic dipping and measures of insulin-glucose metabolism after adjustments for BMI Z-score, gender and pubertal status. There were no associations between dipping and measures of sleep-disordered breathing. CONCLUSION: Nocturnal non-dipping was two times higher among severely obese, prepubertal and early pubertal children, compared to previous reports among children in general. There were no associations between nocturnal dipping and insulin-glucose metabolism or measures of sleep-disordered breathing in this group.
Sclerostin distribution in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus and correlation with bone metabolism and bone mineral density.$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Sclerostin is an inhibitor of the Wnt/beta-catenin bone metabolic pathway. Increased sclerostin levels and reduced bone mineral density (BMD) have been documented in adult patients with diabetes mellitus (DM), predominantly in those with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). No relative data exist on childhood type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Our objective was to study plasma sclerostin in T1DM children and adolescents and controls and its correlations with metabolic bone markers and BMD. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study that was conducted at an outpatient clinical center. Forty T1DM children and adolescents were evaluated (mean ± SD age: 13.04 ± 3.53 yr, T1DM duration: 5.15 ± 3.33 yr), along with 40 healthy matched controls (age 12.99 ± 3.3 yr). Sclerostin, soluble receptor activator of nuclear factor-kappaB ligand (s-RANKL), osteoprotegerin, osteocalcin, C-telopeptide crosslinks, electrolytes, parathyroid hormone (PTH), and total 25(OH)D were measured. Lumbar and subcranial total body BMD were evaluated with dual energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA). RESULTS: Sclerostin levels demonstrated a Gaussian distribution, with no significant difference between patients and controls (51.56 ± 12.05 vs. 50.98 ± 13.55 pmol/L, p = 0.84). Significantly lower values were found in girls and prepubertal children. Sclerostin values were significantly and gradually increased in children through pubertal Tanner stages 1-3, were reduced at stage 4 and increased again at pubertal stage 5. Sclerostin levels were positively correlated with logCTX (logarithm of C-terminal telopeptide crosslinks of type I collagen), logOsteocalcin (logarithm of Osteocalcin), magnesium, total body, and L1-L4 BMD z-score. CONCLUSIONS: T1DM patients had similar levels of sclerostin with controls. Sclerostin correlated with bone resorption and formation markers and also with bone mass indices, gender, and pubertal stage. The decrease in sclerostin values observed in pubertal stage 4 adolescents coincides with the concurrent growth spurt, and is consistent with sclerostin physiology as an inhibiting signal.
Age at menarche and the future risk of gestational diabetes: a systematic review and dose response meta-analysis.$$$ Published studies show an inconsistent association between age at menarche and the subsequent risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus when pregnant. This systematic review and meta-analysis was performed to clarify any trends in this association in published observational population studies. We searched online databases for relevant studies, entered into them up until June 21st 2017. Five eligible studies were found and a pooled random effects dose response meta-analysis of results from these was conducted. This included coverage of 58,133 pregnancies, from which 3,035 women developed gestational diabetes. There was evidence of a non-linear association between age at menarche and gestational diabetes (overall p = 1.4 × 10(-8); p for non-linearity = 2.4 × 10(-4)), along with evidence of relatively low heterogeneity (I(2) = 25.5%). The largest predicted risk of gestational diabetes was associated with having a low age at menarche; the mean (95% confidence interval) risk relative to that associated with menarche at age 13 years being: 9 years 2.0 (1.6, 2.4), 10 years 1.6 (1.4, 1.9), 11 years 1.3 (1.2, 1.4), 12 years 1.1 (1.1, 1.1), 13 years was the reference, 14 years 1.0 (1.0, 1.0), 15 years 1.1 (0.9, 1.2), 16 years 1.1 (0.9, 1.4). There was evidence of potential publication bias, such that the maximal true relative risk of gestational diabetes, associated with an age at menarche of 9 years, may be closer to 1.6 than 2. Nevertheless, the curvilinear relationship between age at menarche and the future risk of gestational diabetes in pregnancy appears robust. FAU - Petry, Clive J
Comparison of different anthropometric indices for identifying insulin resistance in schoolchildren.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Anthropometric indices have been associated with insulin resistance in children. This study (1) determined the association between insulin resistance and anthropometric indices, including body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), WC/height, weight/(sitting height)(2), and WC/sitting height, and (2) compared the abilities of these five indices to identify children with insulin resistance. METHODS: Data were collected from six elementary schools in Argentina between April and August 2007. Anthropometric data and Tanner staging were obtained. Fasting serum concentrations of glucose, lipids, and insulin were measured. RESULTS: Six hundred twenty-five children (318 boys) between 6 and 14 years old were examined. The mean age of the children was 9.6 +/- 2.0 years. Ninety-six (15.4%) of the children were obese, 91 (14.6%) were overweight, and 438 (70.1%) were normal weight using Centers for Disease Control and Prevention norms. Sixty percent, 23.0%, 14.0%, and 3.0% were Tanner stage I, II, III, and IV, respectively. The areas under the receiver operator characteristic curves were as follows: WC = 0.78 +/- 0.021 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.74-0.82), BMI = 0.77 +/- 0.022 (95% CI 0.73-0.82), weight/(sitting height)(2) = 0.76 +/- 0.022 (95% CI 0.72-0.81), WC/height = 0.67 +/- 0.027 (95% CI 0.62-0.72), and WC/sitting height = 0.67 +/- 0.27 (95% CI 0.62-0.72), indicating that BMI, WC, and weight/(sitting height)(2) were acceptable predictors for insulin resistance, whereas WC/height and WC/sitting height were fair predictors as the areas under the curve were <0.7. CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that WC and BMI are (and remain) the best correlates for insulin resistance. In contrast, the indices of the ratio between WC and height were fair predictors for insulin resistance. Additional longitudinal studies should be done to further confirm these findings. FAU - Hirschler, Valeria
Longitudinal study of physiologic insulin resistance and metabolic changes of puberty.$$$ Cross-sectional studies have shown that 1) adolescents are insulin resistant compared with prepubertal children and adults, 2) pubertal insulin resistance is likely mediated by growth hormone (GH), and 3) pubertal insulin resistance is associated with increased fat oxidation and decreased glucose oxidation. The aim of this study was to assess the validity of these cross-sectional observations by performing a longitudinal study in normal children during the prepubertal and pubertal periods. Nine healthy, normal weight, prepubertal children underwent hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic and hyperglycemic clamp studies for evaluation of insulin sensitivity and insulin secretion. Children had repeat evaluations during puberty. Consistent with cross-sectional observations, this longitudinal study demonstrated that during puberty: 1) insulin sensitivity decreased by approximately 50%, 2) the decrease in insulin sensitivity was compensated by a doubling in insulin secretion, and 3) the decrease in insulin sensitivity was independent of changes in percentage of body fat. Puberty was associated with increased total body lipolysis and decreased glucose oxidation. A novel observation is the demonstration of approximately 50% decrease in adiponectin levels at the pubertal time point. These metabolic changes are proposed to be partially mediated by increased GH secretion and are consistent with the Randle cycle of competition between glucose and fat oxidation. FAU - Hannon, Tamara S
Achieving International Society for Pediatric and Adolescent Diabetes and American Diabetes Association clinical guidelines offers cardiorenal protection for youth with type 1 diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Most youth with type 1 diabetes do not meet the American Diabetes Association (ADA) and International Society for Pediatric and Adolescent Diabetes (ISPAD) targets for hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), blood pressure (BP), lipids, and body mass index (BMI). We hypothesized that ISPAD/ADA goal achievement at baseline would be associated with cardiorenal risk factors at baseline and 2 yr follow-up in adolescents with type 1 diabetes. METHODS: We assessed the cross-sectional and longitudinal relationships between ISPAD/ADA goal achievement at baseline and cardiorenal health at baseline and 2-yr follow-up (n = 297; 15.4 ± 2.1 yr at baseline) in adolescents with type 1 diabetes. Goal achievement was defined as HbA1c < 7.5%, BP < 90th percentile for age, sex, and height, low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) <100 mg/dL, high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) >35 mg/dL, triglycerides (TG) <150 mg/dL and BMI <85th percentile for age and sex. Cardiorenal outcomes included pulse-wave velocity (PWV), brachial distensibility (BrachD), augmentation index (AIx), and epidermal growth factor receptor (eGFR) continuously and categorically as hyperfiltration (eGFR ≥ 135 mL/min/1.73 m(2)). RESULTS: Adolescents with type 1 diabetes who met 1-3 goals, had significantly greater (P < 0.05) baseline PWV (5.1 ± 0.1 vs. 5.4 ± 0.1 m/s), follow-up PWV (5.5 ± 0.1 vs. 5.7 ± 0.1 m/s), greater follow-up eGFR (104 ± 2 vs. 116 ± 3 mL/min/1.73 m(2)), and greater odds of renal hyperfiltration at follow-up (odds ratio (OR): 20.0, 95% confidence interval (CI): 3.8-105.2) compared to those who met 4-6 goals after adjusting for Tanner stage, sex, age, and diabetes duration. No statistically significant differences in the cardiorenal outcomes were observed between adolescents with type 1 diabetes who met 4-6 goals and non-diabetic controls (n = 96). CONCLUSIONS: In adolescents with type 1 diabetes, baseline ADA/ISPAD goal achievement was associated with cardiorenal protection at baseline and 2-yr follow-up.
Insulin treatment normalizes reduced free insulin-like growth factor-I concentrations in diabetic children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: We have recently demonstrated multiple aberrations in the GH-IGF axis in the sera of children with untreated insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) which were restored after insulin replacement. However, the net result of these alterations in the IGF system on the concentrations of free/biologically available IGF-I in the serum have not been examined directly in diabetic children. In the present study, the effect of diabetes and subsequent insulin replacement on the circulating free IGF-I concentrations are assessed. DESIGN: Fasting venous serum samples were obtained longitudinally, before and at various times after the initiation of insulin treatment in untreated diabetic subjects. SUBJECTS: Ten prepubertal, aged (mean +/- SEM) 6.3 +/- 1.0 years, and six adolescent, aged 12.7 +/- 1.1 years, subjects with newly diagnosed and untreated IDDM, and age and pubertal status-matched control children and adolescents were recruited. METHODS: The serum samples were collected before initiating insulin treatment and 12-24 h, 1 week, and 1 month thereafter in subjects with IDDM. Insulin doses ranged from 0.5 to 1.2 U/kg/day. MEASUREMENTS: Free IGF-I concentration was assayed by a recently developed two-site immunoradiometric assay. Total IGF-I was measured by radioimmunoassay after acid-ethanol extraction of binding proteins. Differences in free and total IGF-I concentrations in IDDM subjects before and during insulin treatment were analysed by repeated measures analysis of variance followed by pairwise multiple comparisons test. In seven subjects with IDDM, where serum IGFBP-1 and IGFBP-3 concentrations, and IGFBP-3 protease activity had also been measured in a previous study, the relationship between these variables and circulating free IGF-I concentrations were examined by linear regression analysis. RESULTS: Free IGF-I concentrations in prepubertal subjects with IDDM were 0.9 +/- 0.2, 1.5 +/- 0.3, 1.6 +/- 0.3 and 2.5 +/- 0.4 micrograms/l before, 1 day, 1 week and 1 month after insulin treatment, respectively. Free IGF-I concentrations of control prepubertal children were 2.6 +/- 0.5 micrograms/l. Pubertal subjects had higher free IGF-I concentrations than prepubertal subjects but demonstrated a similar type of pattern; before insulin 2.3 +/- 1.1, 1 day 3.8 +/- 1.3, 1 week 3.7 +/- 0.6, 1 month 6.5 +/- 1.5 vs pubertal controls 7.7 +/- 2.0 micrograms/l. Total IGF-I concentrations were also reduced in untreated diabetic subjects and showed a slower pattern of normalization than free IGF-I concentrations. Free IGF-I concentrations correlated positively with total IGF-I and negatively with IGFBP-1 concentrations. There was no significant correlation between free IGF-I and either serum IGFBP-3 concentrations or IGFBP-3 protease activity. CONCLUSION: Alterations in the IGF system during untreated IDDM lead to a reduction in circulating free IGF-I concentrations which is restored progressively during insulin treatment. An increase in free IGF-I precedes that of total IGF-I suggesting that the former is a more sensitive indicator of the metabolic status. An inverse correlation between free IGF-I and IGFBP-1 supports the hypothesis that IGFBP-1 plays an important role in the acute modulation of free IGF-I levels. FAU - Bereket, A
Characteristics of estrogen-treated women. A descriptive epidemiological study of a Swedish population. Part II.$$$ A cohort of 23 233 women who had received estrogen prescriptions was recruited for a prospective study of estrogen therapy and the associated risk of endometrial cancer. For a detailed study, a comprehensive questionnaire was mailed to 735 randomly sampled cohort members, and 89 per cent of them responded. Estrogen exposure and its implications were described in a preceding paper (part I). The present paper reports the distribution in the cohort sample of personal features known to be risk factors for endometrial cancer. A comparison with results from various materials derived from population-based surveys and case-control studies implied that the cohort members might have a lower proportion of nulliparity (infertility) and a somewhat higher prevalence of hypertension. Differences in the distributions of age at menarche or menopause, weight, height and prevalence of diabetes were according to these comparisons slight and probably without clinical significance. It was concluded that the prevalence of risk factors for endometrial cancer other than estrogen exposure was not higher in the cohort than in the background population. Moreover, approximately one-fifth of the estrogen takers had been freed of their risk through hysterectomies. FAU - Persson, I
Abnormal insulin response to glucose following treatment for Wilms' tumor in childhood.$$$ To determine whether beta-cell function could be impaired by the treatment for Wilms' tumour (WT) in childhood. We investigated the insulin secretion of 44 survivors of WT (22 males) with a median off-treatment follow up of 8.3 years (range 1-19.8). All patients had an intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT) (0.5 gm/kg, max 25 g) to determine the first-phase insulin response (FPIR) (sum of the 1- and 3-min insulin concentrations). Median age at the time of the study was 12.7 years (range 4.2-22.7). Eight subjects (7 males) had a FPIR value below the 3rd percentile, and 7 (3 males) above the 97th centile. Among the 22 patients who received radiotherapy. 7 (6 males) showed a FPIR < 3rd percentile versus only 1 (a male) of the 22 patients who received no radiation (31.8% vs 4.5%; P < 0.05). Analysis of variance showed that the time elapsed since therapy had a significant role on the development of low FPIR only in males. The 7 patients with an insulin release > 97th percentile did not show any significant difference compared to subjects with lower insulin values for weight, age at diagnosis, sex, time elapsed since treatment, radiotherapy and chemotherapy protocol. CONCLUSION: An impaired insulin response is evident in some patients treated for WT in childhood, mainly in male patients who received abdominal radiotherapy and were examined a longer time after therapy. We hypothesize that this decreased insulin release is related to damage due to radiotherapy and therefore a careful follow up is recommended in adulthood in these patients. FAU - Cicognani, A
High Prepubertal Leptin Levels Are Associated With Earlier Menarcheal Age.$$$ PURPOSE: Given the interplay between metabolic status and the reproductive system, factors governing energy homeostasis could influence the timing of pubertal onset. The aim of this longitudinal study was to determine the influence of metabolic peptides associated to adiposity on menarcheal age. METHODS: The sample population included 168 girls. Anthropometric and biochemical variables were measured at a prepubertal baseline (6-8 years old) and 7 years later. Leptin and adiponectin levels were determined by Enzyme-Linked ImmunoSorbent Assay, insulin by radioimmunoassay and ghrelin by a multiplexed bead immunoassay. RESULTS: Adjusted for body mass index, Spearman correlation analysis revealed a significant negative association between prepubertal leptin levels and menarche. The highest prepubertal leptin levels were observed in overweight girls with the earliest menarche. Menarcheal age was significantly associated with variation of adiponectin levels between both baseline and follow-up. Multiple regression analysis showed that prepubertal leptin was the only significant contributing factor, predicting 15.3% of variation in menarcheal age. CONCLUSIONS: High leptin levels in prepubertal girls are associated with earlier menarcheal age, independent of body mass index. However, the relationship of ghrelin, insulin, or adiponectin levels with menarcheal age is not evident in our population.
Serum levels of insulin-like factor 3, anti-Mullerian hormone, inhibin B, and testosterone during pubertal transition in healthy boys: a longitudinal pilot study.$$$ Insulin-like factor 3 (INSL3) is a promising marker of Leydig cell function with potentially high clinical relevance. Limited data of INSL3 levels in relation to other reproductive hormones in healthy pubertal boys exist. In this study, we aimed to evaluate longitudinal serum changes in INSL3 compared with LH, FSH, testosterone, inhibin B, and anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH) during puberty in healthy boys. Ten boys were included from the longitudinal part of the COPENHAGEN Puberty Study. Pubertal evaluation, including testicular volume, was performed and blood samples were drawn every 6 months for 5 years. Serum concentrations of testosterone were determined by a newly developed LC-MS/MS method, and serum concentrations of INSL3, AMH, inhibin B, FSH, and LH respectively were determined by validated immunoassays. The results showed that serum INSL3 levels increased progressively with increasing age, pubertal onset, and testicular volume. In six of the ten boys, LH increased before the first observed increase in INSL3. In the remaining four boys, the increase in LH and INSL3 was observed at the same examination. The increases in serum concentrations of LH, testosterone, and INSL3 were not parallel or in ordered succession and varied interindividually. We demonstrated that INSL3 concentrations were tightly associated with pubertal onset and increasing testicular volume. However, the pubertal increases in LH, INSL3, and testosterone concentrations were not entirely parallel, suggesting that INSL3 and testosterone may be regulated differently. Thus, we speculate that INSL3 provides additional information on Leydig cell differentiation and function during puberty compared with traditional markers of testicular function. FAU - Johansen, Marie Lindhardt
Longitudinal associations of physical activity and sedentary time with cardiometabolic risk factors in children.$$$ BACKGROUND: There are few prospective studies on the associations of changes in objectively measured vigorous physical activity (VPA(∆) ), moderate-to-vigorous physical activity (MVPA(∆) ), light physical activity (LPA(∆) ), and sedentary time (ST(∆) ) with changes in cardiometabolic risk factors ((∆) ) in children. We therefore investigated these relationships among children. METHODS: The participants were a population sample of 258 children aged 6-8 years followed for 2 years. We assessed PA and ST by a combined heart rate and movement sensor; computed continuous age- and sex-adjusted z-scores for waist circumference, blood pressure, and fasting insulin, glucose, triglycerides, and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol; and constructed a cardiometabolic risk score (CRS) of these risk factors. Data were analyzed using linear regression models adjusted for age, sex, the explanatory and outcome variables at baseline, and puberty. RESULTS: VPA(∆) associated inversely with CRS(∆) (β = -0.209, P = 0.001), body fat percentage (BF%)(∆) (β = -0.244, P = 0.001), insulin(∆) (β = -0.220, P = 0.001), and triglycerides(∆) (β = -0.164, P = 0.012) and directly with HDL cholesterol(∆) (β = 0.159, P = 0.023). MVPA(∆) associated inversely with CRS(∆) (β = -0.178, P = 0.012), BF%(∆) (β = -0.298, P = <0.001), and insulin(∆) (β = -0.213, P = 0.006) and directly with HDL cholesterol(∆) (β = 0.184, P = 0.022). LPA(∆) only associated negatively with CRS(∆) (β = -0.163, P = 0.032). ST(∆) associated directly with CRS(∆) (β = 0.218, P = 0.003), BF%(∆) (β = 0.212, P = 0.016), and insulin(∆) (β = 0.159, P = 0.049). CONCLUSIONS: Increased VPA and MVPA and decreased ST were associated with reduced overall cardiometabolic risk and major individual risk factors. Change in LPA had weaker associations with changes in these cardiometabolic risk factors. Our findings suggest that increasing at least moderate-intensity PA and decreasing ST decrease cardiometabolic risk in children.
Type 2 diabetes in a 5-year-old and single center experience of type 2 diabetes in youth under 10.$$$ The worrisome rise in pediatric type 2 diabetes (T2DM) is most prevalent among minority ethnic/racial populations. Typically, T2DM occurs during puberty in high risk obese adolescents with evidence of insulin resistance. Screening for T2DM in obese youth can be a daunting task for pediatricians and differentiating between pediatric T1DM and T2DM in obese youth can be challenging for pediatric endocrinologists. There is very limited data regarding the prevalence of T2DM among youth < 10 years of age. Here we present the case of a 5-year-old Hispanic male diagnosed with T2DM after referral by his pediatrician for abnormal weight gain, acanthosis nigricans and an elevated HbgA1c. He subsequently became symptomatic for diabetes with confirmed hyperglycemia and HbgA1c of 9.7% (83 mmol/mol) at the time of formal diagnosis. Type 1 diabetes autoantibodies (GAD65, Islet, and ZincT8) and monogenic diabetes genetic tests were negative. Due to elevated liver enzymes and baseline HbgA1c, he received basal insulin as his initial therapy. In this paper, we will discuss this case and present an IRB approved retrospective review of the characteristics of the 20 T2DM patients <10 years of age identified to date in our pediatric diabetes center. This review highlights that while uncommon, the diagnosis of T2DM merits consideration even in prepubertal children. This is especially true when working with a high risk population, such as our Hispanic South Texas youth.
Genetic evidence for natural selection in humans in the contemporary United States.$$$ Recent findings from molecular genetics now make it possible to test directly for natural selection by analyzing whether genetic variants associated with various phenotypes have been under selection. I leverage these findings to construct polygenic scores that use individuals' genotypes to predict their body mass index, educational attainment (EA), glucose concentration, height, schizophrenia, total cholesterol, and (in females) age at menarche. I then examine associations between these scores and fitness to test whether natural selection has been occurring. My study sample includes individuals of European ancestry born between 1931 and 1953 who participated in the Health and Retirement Study, a representative study of the US population. My results imply that natural selection has been slowly favoring lower EA in both females and males, and are suggestive that natural selection may have favored a higher age at menarche in females. For EA, my estimates imply a rate of selection of about -1.5 mo of education per generation (which pales in comparison with the increases in EA observed in contemporary times). Although they cannot be projected over more than one generation, my results provide additional evidence that humans are still evolving-albeit slowly, especially compared with the rapid changes that have occurred over the past few generations due to cultural and environmental factors. FAU - Beauchamp, Jonathan P
Delayed puberty in girls with cystic fibrosis despite good clinical status.$$$ BACKGROUND: Previous studies have shown that puberty is delayed among patients with cystic fibrosis (CF). Malnutrition has been considered the main etiologic factor. Today with improved medical therapy and nutritional support, most CF patients obtain an almost normal nutritional status. OBJECTIVES: To investigate whether pubertal development among female CF patients at the Stockholm CF Center was normal and, if not, what other parameters besides nutrition might influence this. METHODS: Seventeen patients were studied retrospectively regarding age at peak height velocity and menarche. Menarcheal age (MA) was compared with normal population data and related to clinical and nutritional status, genotype, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), and essential fatty acid levels. RESULTS: The mean age at peak height velocity (12.9 +/- 0.8 years) and at menarche (14.9 +/- 1.4 years) was significantly higher in the CF patients compared with normal controls (11.9 +/- 1.0 years and 13.0 +/- 1.0 years, respectively). No correlation was found between menarchal age and nutritional or clinical parameters. The patients with pathological OGTT without overt diabetes were significantly older at menarche (15.8 +/- 1.7 years) compared with the patients with normal OGTT (14.3 +/- 0.9 years). The patients who were homozygous for the most common mutation, deltaF508, were significantly older at menarche (15.2 +/- 1.9 years) than those who were not (14.7 +/- 0.9 years). CONCLUSIONS: Pubertal delay still existed among the CF patients despite good clinical status. The patients homozygous for deltaF508 and those with pathological OGTT showed the most delayed puberty. FAU - Johannesson, M
Exercise-induced hormone responses in girls at different stages of sexual maturation.$$$ The dependence of exercise-induced hormone responses on sexual maturation was tested in a 3-year longitudinal experiment on 34 girls (aged 11-12 years at the beginning). Sexual maturation was evaluated by Tanners five-stage scale. Children cycled for 20-min at 60% maximal oxygen uptake once a year. Cortisol, insulin, growth hormone, beta-oestradiol, progesterone and testosterone concentrations in venous blood were determined by radioimmunoassay procedures. Basal concentrations of growth hormone increased and of cortisol decreased when breast stage III was reached. Reaching breast stage IV was associated with an increase in basal concentrations of beta-oestradiol, progesterone and testosterone. The exercise induced significant increases in concentrations of cortisol, growth hormone and beta-oestradiol and a decrease in insulin concentration. At breast stage III the increase in cortisol concentration was to a lower level [467 (SEM 42) vs 567 (SEM 46)nmol x l(-1)] and growth hormone concentration to a higher level [29.4 (SEM 0.5) vs 12.8 (SEM 0.4)ng x ml(-1)], while the fall in insulin concentration was less pronounced [postexercise level 10.6 (SEM 0.9) vs 7.8 (SEM 0.8)mU x l(-1)] than in stage II. The magnitude of the cortisol response was reduced in the last stage of breast development (+42.1% vs +55.5% at stage II, +66.2% at stage III, and +50.0% at stage IV). The magnitude of beta-oestradiol response was the lowest in breast stage IV (+15.8%) and the highest at stage V (+41.1%). The progesterone response became significant at stage IV and testosterone response at stage V. In conclusion, we found that reaching breast stage III was associated with altered responses of cortisol, insulin and growth hormone concentrations while the responses of the sex hormone concentrations became pronounced in the last stages of sexual maturation. FAU - Viru, A
Amylin and its relation to insulin and lipids in obese children before and after weight loss.$$$ OBJECTIVE: There are limited data concerning the relationships between amylin, weight status, lipids, insulin, and insulin resistance in obese humans. Therefore, the aim was to study these relationships in cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Fasting amylin, insulin, glucose, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein (LDL)- and high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol, and percentage body fat based on skinfold measurements were determined in 37 obese children (median age, 11.5 years) and compared with 16 lean children of the same age and gender. Furthermore, we analyzed the changes of these variables in the obese children after participating in a one-year weight loss intervention program. RESULTS: Obese children had significantly (p < 0.01) higher amylin, triglycerides, LDL-cholesterol, and insulin levels as compared with the lean children. In multiple linear regression analysis, amylin was significantly (p < 0.05) correlated to insulin and triglycerides, but not to age, gender, pubertal stage, or BMI. Changes of amylin correlated significantly (p < 0.001) to changes of insulin (r = 0.54) and triglycerides (r = 0.49), but not to changes of BMI or percentage body fat. Substantial weight loss in 17 children led to a significant (p < 0.05) decrease of amylin, triglycerides, and insulin, in contrast to the 20 children without substantial weight loss. CONCLUSION: Amylin levels were related to insulin concentrations in both cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses, suggesting a relationship between amylin and insulin secretion. Amylin levels were reversibly increased in obesity and related to triglyceride concentrations. FAU - Reinehr, Thomas
Associations between neuromuscular function and levels of physical activity differ for boys and girls during puberty.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare the associations between neuromuscular performance and anthropometric characteristics with habitual levels of physical activity in boys and girls during the initial stages of puberty. STUDY DESIGN: In a cross-sectional study of 72 healthy children (39 boys and 33 girls) ranging in age from 8 to 14 years, sex differences in anthropometric and motor performance characteristics were compared at 3 Tanner stages (T1-T3). Outcome variables included dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry measurements of body composition, assessments of neuromuscular function, and levels of physical activity (steps/day) measured by accelerometry. RESULTS: Physical activity was lower in girls than boys at T2 and T3, but there was no sex difference at T1. Physical activity increased with Tanner stage for boys but did not differ between Tanner stages in girls. Physical activity at each Tanner stage was strongly associated (R(2) > 0.85) with neuromuscular characteristics for both boys and girls, but percentage of body fat also was associated with physical activity for T3 girls. CONCLUSIONS: The attenuated gains in neuromuscular function experienced by girls in early stages of puberty were strongly associated with lower levels of physical activity, whereas the increase in physical activity exhibited by boys was mostly related to increases in the strength and endurance of leg muscles. Because sedentary activity is a known contributor to the development of obesity and type 2 diabetes in youth, this study helps to identify possible contributors to decreases in physical activity in young girls and provides potential targets for early intervention.
Is puberty an accelerator of type 1 diabetes in IL6-174CC females?$$$ The pubertal peak in onset of type 1 diabetes occurs earlier in girls than boys. We postulated that this sex difference might be mediated in part by estrogen or by genes regulated by estrogen, such as the interleukin-6 (IL6) gene. Previous studies concerning the role of an estrogen-sensitive single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) in the IL6 promoter in type 1 diabetes have proved contradictory. We therefore selected a large, genetically homogenous population-based cohort, analyzed by age at onset and sex, to test the hypothesis that the IL6-174G>C SNP affects age at onset of type 1 diabetes in females but not in males. We found that the IL6-174CC genotype was significantly less frequent in females diagnosed after than in those diagnosed before the age of 10 years (19 vs. 13%, P = 0.016). No genotype difference was observed in males stratified for age at onset. Among children diagnosed after age 10, the median age of onset was 11.9 years (intraquartile range 10.7-14.6) in 34 girls homozygous for IL6-174C compared with 13.2 years (11.6-15.4) in 229 girls with other genotypes and 13.5 years (12.0-15.6) in 339 males with any IL6-174 genotype (P = 0.012). These data support the hypothesis that pubertal changes may contribute to accelerated onset of type 1 diabetes in genetically susceptible females. This phenomenon may be orchestrated by the action of estrogen on the IL6 promoter. FAU - Gillespie, Kathleen M
Early Menarche and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus at First Live Birth.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To examine the association between early menarche and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: Data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2007-2012 were used to investigate the association between age at menarche and the risk of GDM at first birth among 5914 women. A growth mixture model was used to detect distinctive menarche onset patterns based on self-reported age at menarche. Logistic regression models were then used to examine the associations between menarche initiation patterns and GDM after adjusting for sociodemographic factors, family history of diabetes mellitus, lifetime greatest Body Mass Index, smoking status, and physical activity level. RESULTS: Among the 5914 first-time mothers, 3.4 % had self-reported GDM. We detected three groups with heterogeneous menarche onset patterns, the Early, Normal, and Late Menarche Groups. The regression model shows that compared to the Normal Menarche Group, the Early Menarche Group had 1.75 (95 % CI 1.10, 2.79) times the odds of having GDM. No statistically significant difference was observed between the Normal and the Late Menarche Group. CONCLUSION: This study suggests that early menarche may be a risk factor of GDM. Future studies are warranted to examine and confirm this finding. FAU - Shen, Yun
Age at menarche and risk of type 2 diabetes among African-American and white women in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) study.$$$ AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: We examined race differences in the association between age at menarche and type 2 diabetes before and after adjustment for adiposity. METHODS: We analysed baseline and 9-year follow-up data from 8,491 women (n = 2,505 African-American, mean age 53.3 years; n = 5,986 white, mean age 54.0 years) in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) study. Stratifying by race, we used logistic regression to estimate the OR for prevalent diabetes at baseline, and Cox proportional hazard models to estimate the HR for incident diabetes over follow-up according to age at menarche category (8-11, 12, 13, 14 and 15-18 years). RESULTS: Adjusting for age and centre, we found that early age at menarche (8-11 vs 13 years) was associated with diabetes for white, but not African-American women in both the prevalent (white OR 1.72, 95% CI 1.32, 2.25; African-American OR 1.13, 95% CI 0.84, 1.51; interaction p = 0.043) and incident models (white HR 1.43, 95% CI 1.08, 1.89; African-American HR 1.20, 95% CI 0.87, 1.67; interaction p = 0.527). Adjustment for adiposity and lifestyle confounders attenuated associations for prevalent (white OR 1.41, 95% CI 1.05, 1.89; African-American OR 0.94, 95% CI 0.68, 1.30; interaction p = 0.093) and incident diabetes (white HR 1.22, 95% CI 0.92, 1.63; African-American HR 1.11, 95% CI 0.80, 1.56; interaction p = 0.554). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Early menarche was associated with type 2 diabetes in white women, and adulthood adiposity attenuated the relationship. We did not find a similar association in African-American women. Our findings suggest that there may be race/ethnic differences in the influence of developmental factors in the aetiology of type 2 diabetes, which merit further investigation. FAU - Dreyfus, J G
Bone Mineral Content as a Driver of Energy Expenditure in Prepubertal and Early Pubertal Boys.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine the associations of bone and bone-secreted factors with measures of energy metabolism in prepubertal and early pubertal boys. STUDY DESIGN: Participants in this cross-sectional, observational study included 37 (69% black, 31% white) boys, aged 7-12 years (Tanner stage <III). Dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry was used to measure bone mineral content (BMC) and percent body fat. Indirect calorimetry was used to assess resting energy expenditure (REE). Fasting blood levels of osteocalcin (OCN), fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF23), insulin, glucose, precursor product of type I collagen (N-terminal pro-peptide) and type I collagen, and C-terminal cross-linked telopeptide were measured. Pearson correlations were performed to evaluate relationships among BMC, OCN, FGF23, fasting insulin and glucose, and REE. Multiple linear regression models were used to test associations between OCN and BMC (independent variables) with fasting insulin and glucose and with REE, adjusting for bone turnover markers and further adjusted for percent body fat. RESULTS: BMC was correlated with REE and insulin. OCN was correlated with glucose in blacks only (r = 0.45, P < .05). FGF23 was not correlated with any markers of energy metabolism. BMC was associated with insulin level in blacks (β = 0.95, P = .001), which was attenuated by percent body fat (β = 0.47, P = .081). BMC was associated with REE in whites (β = 0.496.7, P < .05) and blacks (β = 619.5, P < .0001); but accounting for percent body fat attenuated the association in whites (β = 413.2, P = .078). CONCLUSION: Our findings suggest that BMC is a determinant of fasting insulin and REE, and that the contribution of body fat appears to be race-specific. Endocrine effects of FGF23 and OCN on energy metabolism were not apparent. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Registered with ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT02040740, NCT02040727, and NCT01410643.
Bone mineral density in diabetic children and adolescents: a follow-up study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To establish whether T1DM can affect bone mineral density (BMD) in children and adolescents. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We performed a cross-sectional and longitudinal study of 57 diabetic children and adolescents and 57 normal controls. Total body and lumbar BMD and bone mineral content (BMC) were assessed by DXA (Lunar DPX) and volumetric transformation was calculated using the Katzman formula for total body BMD (BMAD) and using the Kroger formula for Lumbar BMD (L2L4BMDvol). BMC, BMAD, BMDspine, and L2L4BMDvol were adjusted for confounding factors such as age, gender, BMI, height, weight, and pubertal stage. RESULTS: BMDspine in the control group increased by 0.006 (g/cm(2))/year; while in the 39 diabetic patients longitudinally studied, it dropped by 0.006 (g/cm(2))/year during a follow-up period of 51 +/- 27 months. The average time spent weekly doing physical activity resulted in T1DM group directly correlated to BCM (P < 0.001) and inversely correlated with BMDspine (P < 0.05) and L2L4BMDvol (P < 0.01). L2L4BMDvol resulted significantly correlated with previous BMD spine (R = 0.63; P < 0.0001) and BMC evaluation (R = 0.42; P < 0.01) but not with BMAD. A second lumbar DXA evaluation performed in 38 patients after 1.00 +/- 0.16 years confirmed a small but significant decrease of 1.6% per year in L2L4BMDvol. The percentage of variation of L2L4BMDvol between the two evaluations was not correlated with the level of metabolic control, insulin requirement, and duration of the disease. Patients with complications showed similar L2L4BMDvol to patients without complications. CONCLUSIONS: Diabetic children and adolescents show a slight negative pattern of spine mineralization, which does not depend on metabolic control and microvascular complications. FAU - Salvatoni, Alessandro
Longitudinal study of age of menarche in association with childhood concentrations of persistent organic pollutants.$$$ BACKGROUND: Age at female puberty is associated with adult morbidities, including breast cancer and diabetes. Hormonally active chemicals are suspected of altering pubertal timing. We examined whether persistent organic pollutants (POPs) are associated with age at menarche in a longitudinal study. METHODS: We analyzed data for females enrolled at age 6-8 years in the Breast Cancer and Environment Research Program from California and Ohio. Participants were followed annually 2004-2013 and provided serum (mean age 7.8 years) for measurement of polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB), organochlorine pesticide (OCP), and polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) concentrations. Age of menarche was assigned based on parental and participant reported dates and ages of menarche. Adjusted hazard ratios (aHRs) for menarchal onset were calculated with Cox proportional regression. Body mass index (BMI), potentially on the causal pathway, was added to parallel analyses. RESULTS: Age of menarche was later with higher summed PCB levels (median 11.9 years in quartile 1 [Q1] versus 12.7 in quartile 4 [Q4]) and OCP levels (12.1 years versus 12.4, respectively). When adjusting for all covariates except BMI, higher POP concentrations were associated with later age at menarche (Q4 versus Q1 aHRs: PBDEs 0.75 [95% CI 0.58, 0.97], PCBs 0.67 [95% CI 0.5, 0.89], and OCPs 0.66 [95% CI 0.50, 0.89]). Additional adjustment for BMI attenuated aHRs; PCB aHR approached the null. CONCLUSION: Findings revealed later onset of menarche with higher concentrations of certain POPs, possibly through an association with BMI. Altered pubertal timing may have long lasting effects on reproductive health and disease risk, so continued attention is important for understanding the biological processes affected by hormonally active chemicals.
Association between lipoprotein(a) and insulin-like growth factor I during puberty and the relationship to microalbuminuria in children and adolescents with IDDM.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To study pubertal changes in serum lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)] and insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and the relationship to microalbuminuria. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Seventy-nine children and adolescents (59 with normoalbuminuria, 20 with microalbuminuria) with > or = 5 years of IDDM were investigated together with 54 healthy control subjects in a cross-sectional study. Fasting serum Lp(a); apolipoprotein (apo) A-1 and B; total, low-density lipoprotein (LDL), and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol; triglycerides; and IGF-I were analyzed as were HbA1c and overnight albumin excretion rate (AER). Pubertal development was assessed by Tanner staging. RESULTS: Lp(a), apoB, triglycerides, and total and LDL cholesterol were higher (P < 0.001) and apoA-1 was lower (P = 0.03) in normoalbuminuric IDDM patients than in healthy control subjects. Lp(a) was increased during puberty (stages 2-4) in IDDM patients but not in healthy subjects, whereas IGF-I was significantly increased during puberty in healthy control subjects only. In IDDM patients Lp(a) correlated to insulin dose, total cholesterol, and LDL cholesterol, but not to IGF-I, HbA1c, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, diabetes duration, age, or sex. In multiple regression analysis with Lp(a) as the dependent variable, puberty was the only significant contributor to the regression (r2 = 0.33, P = 0.008). Microalbuminuria was seen only in the pubertal stage 4-5. Lp(a) tended to be higher (P = 0.06) as did apoB, whereas IGF-I was lower (P < 0.001) in this group than in normoalbuminuric patients of the same pubertal stages. In multivariate analysis, with log AER as the dependent variable, apoB/apoA-1, systolic blood pressure, age, and IGF-I but not Lp(a) added to the regression (r2 = 0.47, P < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: Lp(a) is elevated during puberty in normoalbuminuric subjects with IDDM, independent of metabolic control and IGF-I. Lp(a) tends to be further increased in microalbuminuria but does not seem to be a contributing determinant of log AER whereas low IGF-I does. Prospective studies are required to establish the temporal relationship between increased Lp(a) and microalbuminuria in children and adolescents with IDDM. FAU - Rudberg, S
Epidemiology of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in Canterbury, New Zealand.$$$ A prospective study of incidence and prevalence of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in persons under 20 years was conducted over a 4-year period (1 February 1982-1 February 1986) for the Canterbury Hospital Board (total population 342,000) area in New Zealand. A central register for the area was established at the beginning of the study period. Degree of ascertainment was close to 100%. Average annual incidence was 11.7 persons per 100,000 (females: 10.6 per 100,000; males: 12.7 per 100,000) with no significant sex difference or temporal trends. Incidence peaks were seen for both sexes in the pubertal ages (females: 11 years; males: 13 years), with minor peaks occurring for both sexes in the pre-school ages. Age of onset was significantly younger in females than males. A seasonal variation in incidence was seen for males, with peaks in late autumn and mid-winter. 5.7% of the new diabetics had a first-degree relative with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Islet cell cytoplasmic antibodies were detected in 68% of new diabetics and in 0% of age- and sex-matched healthy controls. Thyroid, gastric and adrenal auto-antibodies were seen more frequently in diabetics than in controls, but this difference was not significant. Prevalence of insulin-dependent diabetes on 1 February 1982 was 1.00 per 1000 and 1.05 per 1000 on 1 February 1986. The insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus incidence characteristics noted for the Canterbury Hospital Board area are similar to those reported for European and North American populations. FAU - Mason, D R
The Relationship Between Bone Mineral Density and Type 2 Diabetes in Obese Children and Adolescents at the Time of Initial Diagnosis.$$$ Long-term effects of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D) on bone health remain unclear. The objective of this study was to assess the possible association of bone mineral density (BMD) at multiple sites with T2D after correcting for several potential confounders such as age, sex, Tanner stage, and BMI known to affect BMD in adolescents with newly developed T2D. In this cross-sectional study, 17 children and adolescents with T2D and 59 age, sex, and BMI-matched controls were included. All subjects underwent dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry to measure regional and whole-body composition with Lunar Prodigy at the time of initial diagnosis. A BMD Z-score was calculated using data from healthy Korean children and adolescents after adjusting for height-for-age. The mean age of all subjects was 12.9±2.4 years (range, 8.3-18.3 years). BMD(ht) Z-scores for lumbar spine and total body after adjusted for age, sex, BMI SDS, and Tanner stage were not significantly different between patients and controls. However, BMD(ht) Z-scores for femur neck and bone mineral apparent density (BMAD) Z-scores of lumbar spine were significantly lower in T2D patients than those in healthy controls. HOMA-IR or HbA1c was not associated with BMD(ht) Z-scores at multiple sites. BMD(ht) Z-scores at multiple sites except femur neck in adolescents with newly developed T2D were similar to those in obese controls after adjustment for potential confounders.
Hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia of infancy (nesidioblastosis) in clinical remission: high incidence of diabetes mellitus and persistent beta-cell dysfunction at long-term follow-up.$$$ In persistent hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia of infancy (PHHI), the long term outcome of the disease is not well documented. Previous reports suggested that partial pancreatectomy in infants does not endanger future islet function. We evaluated endocrine pancreatic function in 14 PHHI patients 6.5-21 yr after diagnosis. Eight underwent early subtotal pancreatectomy, and 6 were medically treated; all were in clinical remission. Intravenous glucose tolerance and C-peptide suppression tests were performed, with multiple determinations of hormone levels. The insulin response to glucose was blunted in all pancreatectomized and in 2 conservatively treated patients. Glucose disposal was reduced in 6 pancreatectomized patients and in 2 medically treated subjects. Six of the pancreatectomized patients, including two with normal glucose disposal at first evaluation, developed overt diabetes during puberty. None in the medically treated group became diabetic; however, only 2 patients have reached puberty. C-Peptide suppression in response to hypoglycemia was inadequate in 4 of 5 pancreatectomized and 3 of 5 nonpancreatectomized patients studied. These results show that children with PHHI have impaired insulin responses to glucose and lack of suppressibility of endogenous insulin secretion several years after clinical remission. Thus, the beta-cell defect responsible for the disease in infancy is not corrected with time despite the disappearance of spontaneous hypoglycemia. Insulin secretion seems more disturbed in pancreatectomized patients; the majority develop insulin-requiring diabetes during puberty. An effort should be made to treat PHHI patients medically to avoid pancreatectomy; this may reduce the incidence of diabetes at puberty. FAU - Leibowitz, G
Habitual moderate-to-vigorous physical activity is inversely associated with insulin resistance in Canadian first nations youth.$$$ The aim of this study was to explore the relationship between insulin resistance (IR) and objectively measured habitual moderate-to-vigorous physical activity (MVPA) in First Nations youth. A cross-sectional study was conducted in 2 rural villages in northern British Columbia, Canada. Thirty-nine healthy youth (16 males and 23 females; age = 11.8 yrs +/- 2.2; range = 8.8-18.5 yrs) participated. PA was measured with ActiGraph GT1M accelerometers. The homeostasis model assessment estimate of IR (HOMA-IR) was used to define IR. Duration of MVPA was inversely related to HOMA-IR (r = -.44, p < .01). From the regression model, 30 min of habitual MVPA corresponded to HOMA-IR levels that were 15% lower. In conclusion, these findings suggest that active First Nations youth have lower HOMA-IR values. FAU - Mitchell, Marc S
Endocrinological late effects of oncologic treatment on survivors of medulloblastoma.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Radiation therapy, chemotherapy, and surgery used to treat brain tumors have effects on the hy pothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis and can result in endocrine dysfunction in up to 96% of cases. PATIENTS AND METHOD: Retrospective and descriptive study in patients diagnosed with medulloblasto ma who underwent treatment with chemo and radiotherapy in the last 20 years in a tertiary hospital. The variables analyzed were age, sex, weight, height, body mass index (BMI) at the end of follow-up, sexual maturity stage, serum levels of TSH and free T4, ACTH/cortisol and IGF-1, FSH, LH, estradiol, testosterone, lipid profile (total cholesterol), and growth hormone dynamic function test. RESULTS: Total sample of 23 patients. Growth hormone deficiency is the most frequent sequelae (82%) fo llowed by thyroid dysfunction (44.8%), and disorders of puberty (24.1%). Only one case of diabetes insipidus and two cases of corticotropin deficiency were diagnosed. CONCLUSIONS: Long-term follow- up of medulloblastoma survivors treated with chemo and radiotherapy reveals a very high prevalence of endocrine dysfunction, especially growth hormone deficiency and hypothyroidism. We believe that monitoring and long-term follow-up of these patients is necessary in order to ensure adequate therapeutic management of those treatable dysfunctions. FAU - Hidalgo Santos, Antonio David
Youth with type 1 diabetes have worse strain and less pronounced sex differences in early echocardiographic markers of diabetic cardiomyopathy compared to their normoglycemic peers: A RESistance to InSulin in Type 1 ANd Type 2 diabetes (RESISTANT) Study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Diabetic cardiomyopathy is a major cause of morbidity, but limited data are available on early cardiac abnormalities in type 1 diabetes (T1D). We investigated differences in myocardial strain in adolescents with and without T1D. We hypothesized that adolescents with T1D would have worse strain than their normoglycemic peers, which boys would have worse strain than girls, and that strain would correlate with glycemic control and adipokines. METHODS: We performed fasting laboratory measures and echocardiograms with speckle tracking to evaluate traditional echocardiographic measures in addition to longitudinal (LS) and circumferential (CS) strain, and in adolescents (15±2years) with (19 boys; 22 girls) and without (16 boys; 32 girls) type 1 diabetes. RESULTS: Compared to controls, adolescents with type 1 diabetes had significantly lower CS (-20.9 vs. -22.7%, p=0.02), but not LS (p=0.83). Boys with T1D had significantly lower LS than girls with T1D (-17.5 vs. -19.7%, p=0.047), adjusted for Tanner stage. The significant sex differences observed in indexed left ventricular mass, left end-diastolic volume, diastolic septal and posterior wall thickness in our controls were lacking in adolescents with T1D. CONCLUSIONS: Our observations suggest that youth with T1D have worse myocardial strain than normoglycemic peers. In addition, the relatively favorable cardiac profile observed in girls vs. boys in the control group, was attenuated in T1D. These early cardiovascular changes in youth with T1D are concerning and warrant longitudinal and mechanistic studies.
Age at onset of childhood-onset type 1 diabetes and the development of end-stage renal disease: a nationwide population-based study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To analyze the impact of age at onset on the development of end-stage renal disease (ESRD) due to diabetic nephropathy in a nationwide population-based cohort with childhood-onset type 1 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A record linkage between two nationwide registers, the Swedish Childhood Diabetes Registry, including 12,032 cases with childhood-onset diabetes, and the Swedish Registry for Active Treatment of Uraemia was performed. Log-rank test was used to test differences between cumulative risk curves of developing ESRD due to diabetic nephropathy in three different strata of age at onset (0-4, 5-9, and 10-14 years). RESULTS: At a maximum follow-up of 27 years, 33 patients had developed ESRD due to diabetic nephropathy and all had a diabetes duration >15 years. In total, 4,414 patients had diabetes duration >15 years, and thus the risk in this cohort to develop ESRD was 33 of 4,414 (0.7%). A significant difference in risk of developing ESRD was found between the youngest (0-4 years) and the two older (5-9 and 10-14 years) age-at-onset strata (P = 0.03 and P = 0.001, respectively). A significant difference in the risk of developing ESRD was also found between children with prepubertal (0-4 and 5-9 years, n = 2,424) and pubertal (10-14 years, n = 2000) onset of diabetes (P = 0.002). No patient with onset of diabetes before 5 years of age had developed ESRD. CONCLUSIONS: With a median duration of 21 years in this population-based Swedish cohort with childhood-onset diabetes, <1% of the patients had developed ESRD due to diabetic nephropathy, and a prepubertal onset of diabetes seems to prolong the time to development of ESRD. FAU - Svensson, Maria
Adiponectin and leptin are independently associated with insulin sensitivity, but not with insulin secretion or beta-cell function in overweight Hispanic adolescents.$$$ The aim of the study was to investigate the independent effects of leptin and adiponectin on insulin sensitivity as well as insulin secretion and beta-cell function in overweight Hispanic adolescents. Despite pubertal changes in hormone secretion, studies investigating the independent effect of both hormones on insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function in adolescents are lacking. In a cross-sectional study, 175 overweight Hispanic adolescent boys (n=101) and girls (n=74) with a family history of diabetes were recruited and insulin sensitivity (SI), acute insulin response to glucose (AIR), disposition index (DI), body composition, total serum adiponectin, and leptin were assessed. Over age, leptin significantly increased in girls but not in boys (p for age x gender interaction=0.005) while adiponectin was similar in boys and girls. Leptin was not correlated to adiponectin. Leptin (partial r=-0.180; p=0.019) and adiponectin (partial r=0.230; p=0.003) predicted SI independent of age, gender, body fat, lean body mass, and Tanner stage but together, they explained 5% of the unique variation in SI (p for R (2)-change<0.001). Leptin or adiponectin were not related to AIR or DI. With regard to SI, AIR, and DI, no significant gender, age, or Tanner stage interactions were observed suggesting similar effects of adiponectin and leptin among gender, age, and Tanner stages. Leptin and adiponectin were independently associated with SI, but not with insulin secretion or beta-cell function. FAU - Koebnick, C
Association of selected medical conditions with breast cancer risk in Korea.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To estimate the effect of medical conditions in the population of Korea on breast cancer risk in a case-control study. METHODS: The cases were 3242 women with incident, histologically confirmed breast cancer in two major hospitals interviewed between 2001 and 2007. The controls were 1818 women each admitted to either of those two hospitals for a variety of non-neoplastic conditions. Information on each disease was obtained from a standardized questionnaire by trained personnel. Odds ratios (ORs) for each disease were derived from multiple logistic regression adjusted for age, age of menarche, pregnancy, age of first pregnancy, and family history of breast cancer. RESULTS: Among all of the incident breast cancer patients, pre-existing diabetes (OR, 1.33; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.99 to 1.78), hypertension (OR, 1.46; 95% CI, 1.18 to 1.83), thyroid diseases (OR, 1.26; 95% CI, 1.00 to 1.58), and ovarian diseases (OR, 1.70; 95% CI, 1.23 to 2.35) were associated with an increased risk of breast cancer when other factors were adjusted for. In a stratified analysis by menopausal status, pre-existing hypertension (pre-menopause OR, 0.80; 95% CI, 0.48 to 1.34 vs. post-menopause OR, 1.87; 95% CI, 1.44 to 2.43; p-heterogeneity <0.01) and ovarian disease (pre-menopause OR, 4.20; 95% CI, 1.91 to 9.24 vs. post-menopause OR, 1.39; 95% CI, 1.02 to 1.91; p-heterogeneity 0.01) showed significantly different risks of breast cancer. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest the possibility that medical conditions such as hypertension affect breast cancer development, and that this can differ by menopausal status. Our study also indicates a possible correlation between ovarian diseases and breast cancer risk. FAU - Jung, Sun Jae
Body composition in young female adults with Type 1 diabetes mellitus. A prospective case-control study.$$$ AIMS: Overweight is common during late puberty in female patients with Type 1 diabetes. The aim of this study was to examine the change in body composition from late puberty to early adulthood in such female patients in comparison with age-matched control subjects. METHODS: Eighteen females with Type 1 diabetes and 19 healthy female control subjects were recruited for a case-control study at the age of 16-19 years (baseline). Six years later, 16 of the diabetic females and 17 of the control subjects were re-examined (follow-up). Body composition was assessed by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry. RESULTS: Body mass index (BMI) and fat mass index (total fat mass/height2) were significantly higher at baseline in the diabetic patients than in the control subjects (26.4 +/- 2.6 vs. 23.9 +/- 3.7 kg/m2, P < 0.05, and 10.0 +/- 2.4 vs. 8.0 +/- 2.8 kg/m2, P = 0.04, respectively). At follow-up, these parameters still tended to be higher in the diabetic group (27.8 +/- 4.9 vs. 24.6 +/- 5.7 kg/m2, P = 0.09, and 11.8 +/- 5.6 vs. 8.7 +/- 4.9 kg/m2, P = 0.05, respectively). BMI at baseline was strongly correlated to BMI at follow-up in both diabetic patients (r = 0.60; P < 0.05) and control subjects (r = 0.83; P < 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Increased fat mass in pubertal girls with Type 1 diabetes seems to persist in young adulthood. This study emphasizes the need for new strategies to prevent the development of overweight during puberty in diabetic girls. FAU - Särnblad, S
Pancreatic fat and β-cell function in overweight/obese children with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.$$$ AIM: To analyze the associations of pancreatic fat with other fat depots and β-cell function in pediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). METHODS: We examined 158 overweight/obese children and adolescents, 80 with NAFLD [hepatic fat fraction (HFF) ≥ 5%] and 78 without fatty liver. Visceral adipose tissue (VAT), pancreatic fat fraction (PFF) and HFF were determined by magnetic resonance imaging. Estimates of insulin sensitivity were calculated using the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), defined by fasting insulin and fasting glucose and whole-body insulin sensitivity index (WBISI), based on mean values of insulin and glucose obtained from oral glucose tolerance test and the corresponding fasting values. Patients were considered to have prediabetes if they had either: (1) impaired fasting glucose, defined as a fasting glucose level ≥ 100 mg/dL to < 126 mg/dL; (2) impaired glucose tolerance, defined as a 2 h glucose concentration between ≥ 140 mg/dL and < 200 mg/dL; or (3) hemoglobin A1c value of ≥ 5.7% to < 6.5%. RESULTS: PFF was significantly higher in NAFLD patients compared with subjects without liver involvement. PFF was significantly associated with HFF and VAT, as well as fasting insulin, C peptide, HOMA-IR, and WBISI. The association between PFF and HFF was no longer significant after adjusting for age, gender, Tanner stage, body mass index (BMI)-SD score, and VAT. In multiple regression analysis with WBISI or HOMA-IR as the dependent variables, against the covariates age, gender, Tanner stage, BMI-SD score, VAT, PFF, and HFF, the only variable significantly associated with WBISI (standardized coefficient B, -0.398; P = 0.001) as well as HOMA-IR (0.353; P = 0.003) was HFF. Children with prediabetes had higher PFF and HFF than those without. PFF and HFF were significantly associated with prediabetes after adjustment for clinical variables. When all fat depots where included in the same model, only HFF remained significantly associated with prediabetes (OR = 3.38; 95%CI: 1.10-10.4; P = 0.034). CONCLUSION: In overweight/obese children with NAFLD, pancreatic fat is increased compared with those without liver involvement. However, only liver fat is independently related to prediabetes. FAU - Pacifico, Lucia
Testosterone concentrations in young pubertal and post-pubertal obese males.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Obesity in adult males is associated with hypogonadotropic hypogonadism. We evaluated the effect of obesity on plasma testosterone concentrations in pubertal and post-pubertal young males. DESIGN AND METHODS: Morning fasting blood samples were obtained from 25 obese [body mass index (BMI) ≥95th percentile] and 25 lean (BMI <85th percentile) males between the ages 14-20 years with Tanner staging ≥4. Total (TT) and free testosterone (FT) and estradiol concentrations were measured by liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry and equilibrium dialysis. Free testosterone was also calculated using SHBG and albumin. C-reactive protein (CRP), insulin and glucose concentrations were measured and homoeostasis model of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was calculated. RESULTS: After controlling for age and Tanner staging, obese males had a significantly lower total testosterone (10·5 vs 21·44 nmol/l), free testosterone (0·22 vs 0·39 nmol/l) and calculated free testosterone (0·26 vs 0·44 nmol/l) concentrations as compared to lean males (P < 0·001 for all). Obese males had higher CRP concentrations (2·8 vs 0·8 mg/l; P < 0·001), and HOMA-IR (3·8 vs 1·1; P < 0·001) than lean males. Free testosterone concentrations were positively related to age and negatively to BMI, HOMA-IR and CRP concentrations. Total and free estradiol concentrations were significantly lower in males with subnormal testosterone concentrations. CONCLUSION: Testosterone concentrations of young obese pubertal and post-pubertal males are 40-50% lower than those with normal BMI. Obesity in young males is associated with low testosterone concentrations, which are not secondary to an increase in estradiol concentrations. Our results need to be confirmed in a larger number of subjects.
Childhood metabolic syndrome and its components in premature adrenarche.$$$ CONTEXT: Premature pubarche (PP), the main clinical manifestation of premature adrenarche (PA), has been associated with insulin resistance and dyslipidemia in selected populations. OBJECTIVES: Our aim was to determine the prevalence of childhood metabolic syndrome (cMBS) and to study its components in prepubertal Northern European girls with PA. DESIGN AND PATIENTS: We conducted a cross-sectional study on 63 prepubertal girls with PA (32 with PP = PP-PA, 31 without PP = nonPP-PA) and 80 healthy age-matched control girls. A standard 2-h oral glucose tolerance test with insulin sampling was performed. Plasma lipids and serum SHBG were analyzed, and blood pressure and weight-for-height were recorded. cMBS was defined by modified criteria of the U.S. National Cholesterol Education Project Adult Treatment Panel III and the World Health Organization. SETTING: The study was performed at University Hospital. RESULTS: The mean weight-for-height (P = 0.002) and the prevalence of cMBS by the modified Adult Treatment Panel III (24 vs. 10%) and World Health Organization definitions (16 vs. 5%) (P < 0.05 for both) were higher in the PA than control girls. The weight-for-height adjusted serum insulin concentrations during the oral glucose tolerance test were elevated in the whole PA group, whereas the fasting insulin concentrations were increased and SHBG was decreased only in the PP-PA subgroup. The weight-for-height adjusted blood pressure, lipid, or glucose levels did not differ between the study groups. CONCLUSIONS: Prepubertal Northern European PA girls have increased prevalence of cMBS mainly due to being overweight and their hyperinsulinism. Among the PA children, the nonPP-PA girls have milder metabolic changes than the PP-PA girls. FAU - Utriainen, Pauliina
Clinical pattern of childhood type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus in the Sudan.$$$ During a 10-year period, 101 children with Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus were admitted to the Department of Paediatrics of the University Hospital in Khartoum, Sudan. The age distribution of the patients showed a steady increase from age one to ten years followed by a sharper increase around puberty. A higher number of cases were diagnosed during the cooler compared to the warmer months of the year (p less than 0.05). Family history of Type 1 diabetes was reported in 14.9% of patients. Diabetic ketoacidosis was a presenting symptom in 82 patients (81.2%) and 93 patients (92.1%) have had at least two documented episodes of ketoacidosis during the follow-up period. Almost all patients were treated with bovine insulin given as a single dose per day. An initial remission period was not observed in any of the patients. Four years after diagnosis, the average daily dose of insulin used by the patients was greater than 2.0 U/kg body weight and the mean HbA1C was 13.4% (reference value 5.3-6.7%). Seventeen patients (16.8%) were known to have died during 399 person-years of observation resulting in a mortality rate of 42.6 per 1000 person-years of follow-up. Another 29 patients (28.7%) for no apparent reason did not attend a follow-up examination after discharge from hospital. Some of these patients might have died in other hospitals or at home. The study emphasizes the need for urgent measures to increase public awareness of diabetes and to improve methods of case-finding and management of diabetic patients. FAU - Elamin, A
Sexual maturation and metabolic profile among adolescents and children of the Health Worker Cohort Study in Mexico.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to investigate the associations between level and timing of sexual development with metabolic profile in a cohort of Mexican adolescents in central Mexico. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Baseline data from children between the ages of 7 and 17 years (n= 582) who participated in the Health Worker Cohort Study, was used. The study participants included children of workers at the Mexican Institute of Social Security (IMSS) and the National Institute of Public Health, both located in Cuernavaca, in addition to children of workers at the Universidad Autónoma del Estado de México in Toluca who were enrolled between March 2004 and April 2006. Multiple linear regressions with robust estimates of variance, were used adjusting for specific covariates. RESULTS: Both pubertal boys and girls, compared to their pre-pubertal counterparts, had higher body mass index (girls: 4.59 kg/m(2), p<0.0001; boys: 1.12 kg/m(2), p= 0.05) and percent body fat (girls: 3.61, p<0.0001; boys: 1.48, p= 0.0001). A significant difference in level of insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment, HOMA) was detectable among girls (0.92, p<0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: Timing and levels of sexual development were significantly associated with adverse differences in several critical anthropometric and metabolic parameters. FAU - Katon, Jodie G
Dyslipidemia in young patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The association between type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1D) and dyslipidemia (DLP) increases the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). The aim of this study was to evaluate the presence of dyslipidemia in young T1D patients. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The study design was cross-sectional and descriptive. We reviewed medical records of T1D patients followed at an endocrinology service, from 1998-2012. DATA COLLECTED: gender, actual age and age at diagnosis, duration of T1D since diagnosis, body mass index (BMI), pubertal stage, glycemic control (GC) determined by glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), total cholesterol (TC), HDL, LDL, triglycerides (TG). To analyze lipid profile and metabolic control, we used the Brazilian Society of Diabetes Guidelines. RESULTS: Were included 239 T1D patients, 136 (56.9%) females; mean ± SD: actual age 15.7 ± 5.0 years and at T1D diagnosis 7.3 ± 3.9; T1D duration 10.6 ± 6.4 years, 86.6% puberty, 15.1% overweight. The prevalence of DLP was 72.5%, 63.3% females, 86.6% puberty, mean ± SD: actual age 15.4 ± 4.8 years and at T1D diagnosis 7.2 ± 4.1 years, duration of T1D 10.7 ± 6.1 years. We found high-CT in 56.7%, low-HDL = 21.7%, high LDL = 44.0%, high-TG = 11.8%. Between females with DLP, 83.5% was in puberty. We find correlation between the presence of DLP, a poor GC and BMC. CONCLUSION: We found a high prevalence of DLP in young patients with T1D, particularly in puberty females. Programs targeting the prevention of dyslipidemia should be adopted, especially for this group, in order to prevent/delay chronic complications and cardiovascular disease. FAU - Homma, Thaís Kataoka
Age at menarche, abnormal glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes mellitus: The Rancho Bernardo Study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: We examined the association of age at menarche with risk of abnormal glucose tolerance (AGT) and type 2 diabetes in postmenopausal women. METHODS: Participants were 997 women aged 50-92 years who had a clinic visit in 1984-87, when reproductive and diabetes history were recorded, and an oral glucose tolerance test administered. Information on age at menarche was collected in 1989. Diabetes status was based on WHO 1999 criteria, and AGT on having impaired fasting glucose (IFG) or impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). RESULTS: The average age was 69.5 years; 12.5% had diabetes and 29.8% had AGT. Menarche was < 12 years in 14.5%, 12-15 years in 78.9% and > or = 16 years in 6.6%. Age and body mass index (BMI) predicted AGT (p < 0.001, p = 0.003, respectively), while age, BMI and family history of diabetes predicted type 2 diabetes (p < 0.001, p < 0.001, p = 0.02, respectively). Polynomial logistic regression showed no association of menarche with AGT or type 2 diabetes risk. In linear regressions, however, older age at menarche was associated with lower fasting (p = 0.01) and post-challenge plasma glucose (p = 0.03). Covariates, especially BMI, weakened these associations, although women with menarche > or = 16 years still had lower post-challenge (0.86 mmol/l, p = 0.05) and fasting glucose (0.26 mmol/l, p = 0.11) than those with menarche < 12 years. CONCLUSIONS: Age at menarche was not associated with AGT or type 2 diabetes risk. Late age at menarche was inversely associated with fasting and post-challenge glycemia. Obesity may mediate the observed associations. FAU - Saquib, N
Serum insulin and other cardiovascular risk indicators in children, adolescents and young adults.$$$ We wanted to determine the levels of fasting serum insulin during growth, the tracking of serum insulin, and the correlation of serum insulin with other coronary heart disease risk indicators in children and young adults. In 1986 2433 subjects, aged nine to 24 were studied, and insulin data were available from the same population in 1980 and 1983. Serum insulin levels showed a peak during puberty in both sexes and the decline in insulin continued after the age of 21. Tracking of serum insulin was only moderate, especially in females and young boys. Serum insulin correlated positively with body mass index, concentrations of serum triglycerides, and blood pressure, and inversely with the concentration of high density lipoprotein cholesterol. High triglycerides, high systolic blood pressure, and low level of high density lipoprotein cholesterol clustered among subjects within the highest insulin quartile. Our results suggest that the insulin resistance phenomenon, caused mainly by obesity and leading to unfavourable levels of other coronary heart disease risk indicators, is already developing in children and young adults. This suggests that preventing obesity in early life is important. FAU - Rönnemaa, T
Acute decrease in serum testosterone after a mixed glucose and protein beverage in obese peripubertal boys.$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Delayed puberty and lower levels of testosterone (T) have been observed in adult obese males and some adolescent males. In adult men, enteral glucose ingestion results in acute lowering of serum testosterone levels; however, this has not been studied in adolescents. We aimed to examine the acute effect of a glucose/protein beverage on serum T concentration changes in obese peripubertal males. A second objective was to determine whether change in T concentration was related to appetite hormone levels. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Twenty-three overweight and obese males aged 8-17 in pre-early (Tanner stage 1-2) and mid-late (Tanner stage 3-5) puberty were included in this cross-sectional study at the Clinical investigative unit at the Hospital for Sick Children. Participants consumed a beverage containing glucose and protein, and blood samples measuring pubertal hormones, ghrelin and glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) were taken over 60 min. RESULTS: Across pubertal stages, there was a significant decrease in T levels in adolescent boys (-18·6 ± 3·1%, P < 0·01) with no proportional differences between pre-early and mid-late puberty (P = 0·09). Decrease in T was associated with a decrease in LH (r = 0·52, P = 0·02), and fasting T was inversely correlated with fasting ghrelin (r = -0·51, P = 0·03) with no correlation with GLP-1. CONCLUSIONS: Intake of a mixed glucose/protein beverage acutely decreases T levels in overweight and obese peripubertal boys. A potential mechanism for this decrease may be secondary to an acute decrease in LH, but this requires further evaluation.
Impaired fasting glucose and the metabolic profile in Danish children and adolescents with normal weight, overweight, or obesity.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Whether the definitions of impaired fasting glucose (IFG) from the American Diabetes Association (ADA) and the World Health Organization (WHO) differentially impact estimates of the metabolic profile and IFG-related comorbidities in Danish children and adolescents is unknown. METHODS: Two thousand one hundred and fifty four (979 boys) children and adolescents with overweight or obesity (median age 12 years) and 1824 (728 boys) children with normal weight (median age 12 years) from The Danish Childhood Obesity Biobank were studied. Anthropometrics, blood pressure, puberty, and fasting concentrations of glucose, insulin, glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), and lipids were measured. RESULTS: About 14.1% of participants with overweight or obesity exhibited IFG according to the ADA and 3.5% according to the WHO definition. Among individuals with normal weight, the corresponding prevalences were 4.3% and 0.3%. IFG was associated with a higher systolic blood pressure, higher concentrations of HbA1c, insulin, C-peptide (P < .0001) and triglycerides (P = .03), and lower HOMA2-IS and HOMA2-B (P < .0001) independent of sex, age, puberty, waist-to-height ratio, and degree of obesity. Furthermore, IFG was associated with a higher risk for hypertension (OR = 1.66 [95%CI: 1.21; 2.28], P = .002) and dyslipidemia (OR = 1.90 [95%CI: 1.38; 2.56], P < .0001) compared with the group without IFG independent of age, sex, and puberty. CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of IFG, when applying the ADA criterion compared with the WHO criterion, was 4 times higher in individuals with overweight and obesity and 14 times higher in individuals with normal weight in this study sample of children and adolescents. IFG was associated with a higher risk of hypertension and dyslipidemia compared with their normoglycemic peers regardless of the definition applied.
Increased insulin requirement may contribute to risk of obesity in children and young people with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) is an autoimmune disorder that interferes with the function of the beta cells in the pancreas. Reports show that the incidence of T1DM is increasing throughout England and Wales, along with the Body Mass Index (BMI) of this patient group. The association between type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and obesity is recognised, but literature describing the association between T1DM and high BMI is more limited. The aim of this paper is to identify factors affecting BMI and the impact that this increasing trend has on children and young people with T1DM. METHODS: Information was obtained from the medical records of patients with T1DM at the local paediatric centre. BMI standard deviation scores (SDS) were calculated and compared to other factors, which include insulin requirement, HbA1c, pubertal status and age at diagnosis. RESULTS: This study involved 102 patients (43 male and 59 female). The mean age at diagnosis was 7.79 years (range from 0.16 to 16.91 years). Our results showed a significant association between insulin requirement and BMI SDS (r = 0.23, p = 0.02) and a significant association between insulin requirement and mean HbA1c (r = 0.59, p=<0.01). A multivariable regression analysis of factors affecting BMI SDS showed that insulin requirement was an independent factor affecting BMI SDS. CONCLUSION: There were significant associations between increased insulin requirement, high BMI SDS and poorer glycaemic control. Further research is required to fully understand the risk factors that may contribute to obesity in T1DM.
Long-term hyperglycemia is related to peripheral nerve changes at a diabetes duration of 4 years. The Wisconsin Diabetes Registry.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine longitudinal hyperglycemia and peripheral nerve responses in a population-based incident cohort. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A sample from an incident cohort of young people was comprehensively followed from diagnosis of IDDM. Participants were invited to submit blood samples three times per year for central testing of GHb. During their 4th year of diabetes, nerve conduction studies were performed on the median sensory and motor, peroneal motor, and sural sensory nerves. Relationships between mean GHb and nerve latencies, velocities, and amplitudes were explored. RESULTS: GHb was positively related to all nerve latencies and negatively related to all nerve velocities. The relationships between mean GHb and nerve conduction latencies and velocities differed by sex for the peroneal nerve latency (beta = 0.17 male subjects, beta = -0.01 female subjects; P < 0.001). Pubertal participants had lower velocities and longer latencies than prepubertal participants (beta = 0.37; P = 0.05 peroneal latency), after adjustment for GHb, height, and extremity temperature. Sensory and motor nerve amplitudes were related to GHb, and these relationships did not differ by sex. CONCLUSIONS: Our study indicates that sustained hyperglycemia is related to functional changes, at the minimum, in peripheral sensory and motor nerve conduction at a diabetes duration of 4 years. Our findings are consistent with a dying-back neuropathy, and there is some suggestion that chronic hyperglycemia may be more detrimental to nerves in male subjects than in female subjects. FAU - Allen, C
Evolution of glucose intolerance and diabetes in transfused patients with thalassemia.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To study the evolution of glucose disturbances (GD) in patients with thalassemia aged 11-30 years. DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 263 patients, classified into three groups on the basis of age, and period of follow-up ranging from 2-10 years, were studied. Evolution of GD was assessed through serial oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT), based on WHO criteria. RESULTS: At baseline (11-14 years of age) evaluation of OGTT disclosed a prevalence of 16.3% of impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), and zero for diabetic tolerance (DT). Prevalence of IGT increased progressively up to 39% in the following 4 years, but remained constant during the last 6 years of observation. In contrast, DT had a very low prevalence, beginning with 0.5% at 13-16 years, increasing to 2.4% by the age of 21-24 years. CONCLUSIONS: During puberty and early adolescence impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) was found in a considerable proportion of thalassemics. In contrast, DT was infrequent and progression to DM was slow. Only 12.4% of patients with IGT developed DT within a period of 10 years. Further studies are necessary to identify all of the factors contributing to abnormalities of glucose metabolism in thalassemic patients. FAU - Kattamis, Christos
Use of testosterone gel compared to intramuscular formulation for puberty induction in males with constitutional delay of growth and puberty: a preliminary study.$$$ PURPOSE: Constitutional delay of growth and puberty (CDGP) treatment include observation or therapy with intramuscular testosterone (IMTT). No data are available about transdermal testosterone gel (TTG). The aim of our study was to analyze the use of TTG in males with CDGP. METHODS: 73 boys with CDGP were divided into three groups: IMTT treated with 50 mg i.m. testosterone; TTG with 10 mg daily 2% testosterone transdermal gel, and no treatment (CNT). All subjects were observed at baseline and after 6 months. RESULTS: The height velocity after treatment were statistically higher in both IMTT and TTG compared to CNT, while CNT showed higher increase of the testicular volume. No other differences were recorded between IMTT and TTG. CONCLUSIONS: To our knowledge this is the first study on use of TTG for pubertal activation on CDGP population. Our preliminary data confirm the efficacy of short-term Testosterone gel treatment to induce puberty compared to conventional treatment. FAU - Chioma, Laura
Association of lipoprotein(a) with puberty in IDDM.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine serum lipoprotein(a) in a large sample of IDDM and control children and to examine a possible association with puberty. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Serum lipoprotein(a), apoB-100, and apoA-I were measured under identical conditions in 170 Caucasian children with IDDM aged 12.3 +/- 3.59 yr and 233 Caucasian control children aged 13.6 +/- 1.12 yr. Patients with persistent microalbuminuria were excluded. Lipoprotein(a), apoB-100, and apoA-I were measured by nephelometry using a specific monoclonal antibody. Pubertal assessment was performed using Tanner staging and testicular volume measurement. RESULTS: Lipoprotein(a) was higher in the IDDM than control group (geometric mean 237 mg/L, 25-75th percentile 134-465 vs. 172 [99-316] mg/L, P = 0.0008). When analyzed according to pubertal stage, only pubertal and postpubertal patients had higher levels than control subjects (265 [148-560] vs. 174 [101-320] mg/L, P = 0.0001), with prepubertal patients showing no difference. Pubertal and postpubertal patients showed both higher lipoprotein(a) (P = 0.01) levels and higher albumin excretion rates (P = 0.02) than prepubertal patients, correcting for the other variable. Lipoprotein(a) was not related to HbA1c, albumin excretion rate, duration, age, sex, mean arterial pressure, or a family history of premature coronary artery disease in the IDDM group. Lipoprotein(a) was not higher in patients with overnight albumin excretion rate above the 95th percentile but below the microalbuminuric range. ApoB-100 did not differ between IDDM and control children. ApoA-I was significantly lower in the IDDM group (1.04 [0.94-1.17] vs. 1.21 [1.10-1.31] g/L; P < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: Pubertal and postpubertal IDDM patients have higher serum lipoprotein(a) than Caucasian control subjects. Our findings suggest a rise in lipoprotein(a) may occur during puberty in IDDM. Longitudinal studies are required to clarify the relationship between lipoprotein(a), albumin excretion rate, and puberty. FAU - Couper, J J
The blood-retinal barrier in diabetes during puberty.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the alteration of the blood-retinal barrier in patients with type I diabetes during puberty. DESIGN: A 7-year prospective study evaluated retinal changes occurring in diabetic children during puberty. Patients between the ages of 10 and 20 years underwent annual ophthalmologic examinations that included fluorescein angiography and vitreous fluorophotometry. SETTING: Clinical research facility. PATIENTS: Fifty-seven diabetic children met preset eligibility criteria. During the study, 241 ophthalmologic examinations were scheduled and 210 (87.1%) were performed. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Vitreous fluorophotometry penetration ratio (VFPR) was used to indicate blood-retinal barrier permeability. RESULTS: No sign of retinopathy was detected before puberty (age 13 years for boys and 11 or 12 years for girls). The prevalence of retinopathy in the 4 years immediately after puberty was 6%. In the next 4 years, the prevalence was 29.6% (P = .0003). When all VFPRs were correlated with age, and data for male and female patients were analyzed separately, we found that the lowest VFPRs occurred at the expected time of puberty. When patients were paired by gender and duration of diabetes, there was a significant difference between VFPR values before and after puberty (P = .03). Also, a progressive deterioration of the blood-retinal barrier became apparent when only VFPR values after puberty were considered. CONCLUSIONS: These results support the view that the blood-retinal barrier remains stable until puberty, achieving a maximum of efficiency and protection. A progressive decline then begins, suggesting that this period of growth is associated with factors that, under the influence of diabetes, contribute to the progressive damage of the blood-retinal barrier. FAU - de Abreu, J R
Isolated premature pubarche: report of anthropometric and metabolic profile of a Brazilian cohort of girls.$$$ AIMS: Isolated premature pubarche (PP) is commonly caused by premature adrenarche (PA), and links between PA, children born small for gestational age (SGA) and insulin resistance have already been made in some populations. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: We assessed anthropometric data, pubertal landmarks and metabolic profile at diagnosis and during the study in 52 girls with the diagnosis of isolated PP from a Brazilian cohort. RESULTS: The prevalence of obesity (25%), dyslipidemia (63.5%) and born SGA children (21.2%) was greater among PP girls than in the reference population (4, 46.8 and 10%, respectively). There was no increase in the prevalence of insulin resistance and no correlation with birth weight, onset of PP or other pubertal signs. The Z score of heights at PP diagnosis was greater than the Z score of mid-parental height, but achieved final height (n = 16 girls, p = 0.002) was similar to normal population standards and to the predicted final height based on bone age at PP diagnosis (p = 0.08). Thelarche and menarche occurred at normal age, just earlier than expected. CONCLUSION: The prevalence of children born SGA, obese and dyslipidemic, but not of hyperinsulinemic children, was high in our cohort of PP girls. Puberty started earlier than usual but within the normal range.
Obesity, sex and pubertal status affect appetite hormone responses to a mixed glucose and whey protein drink in adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Little information is available on how food intake regulatory hormones may be altered during pubertal development and across the weight spectrum in adolescents. Therefore, the effect of obesity, sex and pubertal status on subjective appetite and appetite hormones in response to a mixed glucose and whey protein drink was determined in 8-18 year old adolescents. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A cross-sectional cohort study was conducted at the Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto. After a 12 h fast, normal weight (n = 5 female, 4 male) and obese (n = 5 female, 4 male) adolescents (Experiment 1), and pre-early pubertal (n = 10) and mid-late pubertal (n = 10) obese male adolescents (Experiment 2) consumed a 250 ml glucose (30 g) and whey protein (30 g) beverage. Insulin, PYY, ghrelin and subjective appetite were measured over 120 min. RESULTS: Obese adolescents (Experiment 1) have higher insulin, PYY and lower ghrelin (P < 0·006) than normal weight controls, with a more pronounced effect in males (P < 0·037). Puberty (Experiment 2) did not affect insulin (P = 0·305), but the change in PYY in response to the drink was greater (P = 0·032) and ghrelin was lower (P = 0·026) in mid-late pubertal than pre-early pubertal obese males. Average appetite 60 min post-drink was higher in obese and mid-late pubertal adolescents, but not related to hormone changes. CONCLUSIONS: Obesity, sex and pubertal status affect macronutrient-stimulated appetite hormone secretion and these factors may alter food intake in obese children during pubertal development.
Rapid early increase in BMI is associated with impaired longitudinal growth in children with cystic fibrosis.$$$ BACKGROUND: We aimed to assess whether final height in children with cystic fibrosis (CF) is affected by body mass index (BMI), BMI increase, pulmonary function, and cystic fibrosis-related diabetes (CFRD). STUDY DESIGN: A longitudinal, retrospective study was performed in a cohort of 57 patients with CF (30 boys, 27 girls) born between 1997 and 2001. Height and weight were recorded annually from ages 0.5 to 10 years and biannually up to the age of 18. Measurements were converted to height-for-age-adjusted-for-target-height (HFA-TH) and BMI-for-age z-scores. Analyses were performed using the independent t tests and the Pearson's correlation. RESULTS: For both boys and girls, HFA-TH and BMI-for-age z-scores were significantly lower in the first year of life, these scores increased rapidly until the age of 11 and 8 years, respectively. In boys, HFA-TH z-scores declined during puberty, with subsequently significantly impaired final height (z-score, -0.56, n = 30, standard deviation [SD] = 0.81, P = 0.001). In girls, HFA-TH z-scores briefly declined after the age of 8 years, but then increased to a z-score of -0.21 (n = 27, SD = 0.87) at age 18, which is not significantly lower than the national average (P = 0.22). Pulmonary function and the presence of CFRD were not associated with final height. However, rapid BMI increase between ages 1 and 6 was negatively associated with final height in boys (n = 29, r =-0.420; P = 0.023) and girls (n = 25, r =-0.466; P = 0.019). CONCLUSIONS: In boys and girls, early BMI increase was associated with impaired final height. We suggest that early childhood serves as a "window" in which nutritional variations may program subsequent growth. Further refinement of nutritional strategies could be needed.
Beta-cell autoantibodies in children with type 2 diabetes mellitus: subgroup or misclassification?$$$ BACKGROUND: In adults, a fraction of diabetic individuals with beta-cell autoantibodies has initially non-insulin requiring diabetes clinically appearing as type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), named latent autoimmune diabetes in adulthood (LADA). The occurrence of beta-cell autoantibodies in European children and adolescents with T2DM has not been reported so far. METHODS: The frequency of beta-cell autoantibodies (anti-GAD, anti-IA-2, and anti-ICA) was determined in 7050 diabetic children and adolescents. The type of diabetes was classified by paediatric diabetic specialists based on the clinical presentation. Children with non-insulin dependent T2DM over a one year period were studied separately. RESULTS: A total of 6922 children were clinically classified as having type 1 diabetes (T1DM) and 128 children as having T2DM. Thirty six per cent of the children with T2DM had at least one detectable beta-cell autoantibody. These children did not differ significantly from the children with T2DM and without autoantibodies in respect of age, gender, weight status, lipids, blood pressure, C-peptide, glucose, and HbA1c at manifestation, as well as frequency of anti-thyroidal antibodies and insulin treatment during follow up. In the subgroup of the 38 children with T2DM without insulin requirement over a one year period, autoantibodies occurred in 32%. These 12 children were predominantly obese (67%), female (67%), and in the pubertal age range. CONCLUSION: beta-cell autoantibodies were detectable in a subgroup of initially non-insulin dependent diabetic children and adolescents with the clinical appearance of T2DM. Following the terminology "latent autoimmune diabetes in adulthood (LADA)", this subgroup might be classified as "LADY" (latent autoimmune diabetes in youth). FAU - Reinehr, T
Higher luteinizing hormone levels associated with antimüllerian hormone in postmenarchal daughters of women with polycystic ovary syndrome.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To study the reproductive and metabolic differences between daughters of women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOSd) and control women (Cd) after menarche. DESIGN: Case-control study. SETTING: Clinical endocrinology unit. PATIENT(S): We studied 43 PCOSd and 28 Cd 1.5-6 years after menarche. INTERVENTION(S): Determination of anthropometry, pubertal development, hirsutism, oral glucose tolerance test, and GnRH analogue test. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Ferriman score, sex steroids, gonadotropins, antimüllerian hormone (AMH), ovarian volumes, and glucose and insulin levels. RESULT(S): The groups were similar in chronologic, gynecologic, and menarchal ages and anthropometric variables. Ferriman score, ovarian volumes, and AMH were higher in PCOSd. Propensity score analysis showed that there were significant differences in LH, LH-FSH ratio, T and free androgen index, post-stimulated LH and LH-FSH ratio, and 2-hour insulin that could be attributed only to the fact of being a PCOS daughter. The generalized linear model showed that higher LH levels were positively associated with AMH and T levels. CONCLUSION(S): We found that higher LH, androgen, and insulin levels are present in PCOSd during the postmenarchal period, which may establish the basis for the development of PCOS during adulthood. Moreover, LH levels were associated with AMH levels, which supports that the neuroendocrine feedback proposed for AMH and LH is present in humans and that this feature is probably programed in utero, as recently shown in mice.
Serum lipids, glucose homeostasis and abdominal adipose tissue distribution in protease inhibitor-treated and naive HIV-infected children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the extent and degree of abnormalities of serum lipids, glucose homeostasis and abdominal adipose tissue distribution in protease inhibitor (PI)-treated and PI-naive HIV-infected children. DESIGN: A cross-sectional study involving HIV-infected children, 3-18 years of age, in a paediatric tertiary care centre. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Total, HDL and LDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, insulin, proinsulin and C-peptide were determined in the fasting state. Insulin resistance was assessed using the homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Abdominal adipose tissue distribution was determined by single-slice computed tomography at the umbilical level. RESULTS: Thirty PI-treated and 20 PI-naive children were evaluated (76% prepubertal). PI-treated children had significantly higher total cholesterol (P = 0.0021), LDL-cholesterol (P = 0.019) and triglycerides (P = 0.0018). Serum glucose, insulin, proinsulin and C-peptide, the insulin : glucose ratio, HOMA-IR and abdominal adipose tissue distribution were similar in the two groups. Clinical and immunological HIV categories, viral load, CD4 cell count and stavudine therapy were not significantly associated with serum lipids, insulin resistance or abdominal adipose tissue distribution. The predictor variable most strongly associated with fasting serum insulin and HOMA-IR was the Tanner stage. Age was the most significant predictor variable of the visceral : subcutaneous adipose tissue ratio. CONCLUSION: In this cohort of predominantly prepubertal HIV-infected children, PI therapy was associated with an atherogenic dyslipidemia but not with insulin resistance or abnormal abdominal adipose tissue distribution. The results suggest that children, particularly prepubertal children, are less susceptible than adults to PI-induced changes in glucose homeostasis and abdominal adipose tissue distribution. FAU - Bitnun, Ari
Adiponectin, resistin and leptin in paediatric chronic renal failure: correlation with auxological and endocrine profiles.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Chronic renal failure (CRF) compromises nutrition, growth, puberty, glycometabolic homeostasis, and adipokine secretion (i.e. adiponectin, resistin, and leptin). Adipokines play a role in the clinical outcome, but data in paediatric patients is scant. AIM: To evaluate the link between kidney function, adiponectin, resistin, leptin, hormonal status, nutritional state and late outcome of CRF children. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We studied leptin, adiponectin and resistin levels in 31 CRF patients (19 males, 12 females, aged 12.1 ± 4.47 years) managed conservatively, and 30 healthy age- and gender-matched controls. Clinical, auxological, biochemical, hormonal data, glucose and insulin levels were correlated with adipokine levels. RESULTS: Six percent of patients had glycaemia T0' > 126 mg/dl, 23 % glycaemia T60' > 126, and 23 % glycaemia T120' ≥ 140. Glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) measured during follow-up was in the normal range in all patients (4-5.6 %). Insulinaemia was significantly higher in CRF patients than controls. Homeostatic model of assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) levels were more elevated in patients (32 % had HOMA-IR > 2.5) than controls. Leptin levels were significantly higher in CRF patients than controls and differed significantly between males and females. Leptin correlated significantly with creatinine, body mass index (BMI), BA, pubertal stage, insulin-like growth factor 1, and HOMA-IR in females. Adiponectin levels were significantly higher in patients than controls, higher in patients with BMI < 85th centile and significantly inversely correlated to BMI, BA, haemoglobin, ferritin, proteins, albumin, and creatininuria. Resistin levels showed a direct correlation with C-reactive protein and an inverse correlation with haemoglobin. CONCLUSION: Normal resistin levels are an expression of both adequate nutritional state and controlled inflammatory state. Adiponectin could protect against chronic inflammation, atherosclerosis, and cardiovascular diseases. Preventing obesity and ensuring a correct nutritional state are primary goals for physicians following children with CRF. Adipokines could be a useful marker in the follow-up. FAU - Maggio, Maria Cristina
[Leptin concentration and insulin sensitivity in type 1 diabetic children and adolescents].$$$ THE AIM OF THE STUDY: was to estimate the relationship between serum leptin levels and insulin sensitivity and components of metabolic syndrome in type 1 diabetic children and adolescents. MATERIALS AND METHODS: 158 patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus (70 girls and 88 boys) aged from 8.2 to 18.4 years (mean: 14.1+/-3.1 years) were included into the study. The diabetes duration ranged from 1.6 to 14.7 years (mean: 3.8+/-2.5 years). The height, weight, waist circumference (WC), skin folds and blood pressure were measured. Body mass index (BMI-SDS), body fat (BF) according to Slaughter formula, and daily dose of insulin were calculated. HbA1c (HPLC method) and serum lipids (enzymatic method) concentrations were examined. Serum leptin concentration was measured by ELISA method. Euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp was performed to estimate insulin resistance. Glucose disposal rate (M index) determined during the last 30 min of the test was calculated as a surrogate of insulin resistance. RESULTS: Serum leptin levels ranged from 1.47 to 57.39 ng/ml (median [quartiles]: 4.60 [3.18-10.2]). M index was 2.10-15.19 mg/kg/min. (median [quartiles]: 7.04 [5.57-8.69]. Leptin was positively correlated with BMI-SDS, WC, skin folds and BF. During puberty leptin levels increased in girls, but in boys the highest levels were observed at Tanner stage 3. Leptin concentrations, normalized for BMI-SDS or BF, were significantly higher in females than in males at Tanner stages 4 (pc=0.047) and 5 (pc<0.001). Leptin was negatively correlated with M index (r=-0.26; p=0.001 adjusted for sex and puberty), but after adjusting for BF or BMI-SDS there were no significant correlations. Leptin was not significantly associated with HDL-cholesterol, SBP and DBP. Using the multivariate linear regression models, we found that plasma leptin remained significantly associated with TG. CONCLUSION: It is likely that the observed relationship between leptin concentration and insulin resistance in young patients with type 1 diabetes is due to body fat composition rather than represents an independent association in this group. FAU - Szadkowska, Agnieszka
Analysis of clinical characteristics in large-scale Chinese women with polycystic ovary syndrome.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To analyze the clinical and metabolic characteristics of large-scale Chinese women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). DESIGN: Retrospective study. SETTING: Hospital-based IVF center. PATIENT(S): Patients with PCOS. METHODS: In the present study, one thousand and forty PCOS patients were selected from women who visited the Reproductive Medicine Center at Shandong Provincial Hospital Shandong University between January 2002 and December 2006. All the patients had been performed a 75 g OGTT. Clinical characteristics, serum hormonal levels, glucose levels, insulin levels and lipid profiles were reviewed. INTERVENTIONS: An oral glucose tolerance test and insulin release test were performed for each woman. After overnight fasting, blood samples were collected to determine fasting blood glucose, blood glucose and insulin (30 min, 60 min, 120 min, 180 min) after digesting 75 g glucose, luteotrophic hormone (LH), follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), testosterone (T), prolactin (PRL), estradiol (E2), and blood lipid levels. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Height, weight, waistline, hip circumference, F-G grade for hirsutism, gonadal hormone results, blood lipid level, blood glucose tolerance, each-moment insulin level, and family history were determined. RESULTS: (i) The presence of oligomenorrhea was 62.6% while amenorrhea was 19.71%. Menstrual disorder of all the adult patients could be traced back to their adolescent menarche. There were 450 obesity cases of which 259 patients were central obesity. The incidence of acanthosis nigricans was 15.19%, 65.19% with obesity. (ii) Cholesterol (4.8 +/- 0.98 vs 4.61 +/- 0.86) and LDL (3.80 +/- 6.92 vs 2.88 +/- 1.01) were both significantly higher in the obesity patients than the non obesity patients. (iii) 173 patients were diagnosed as diabetes mellitus (DM), 179 IGT, 27 IFG and 9 (IFG and IGT). Those women with plasma glucose values abnormality of 0, 30 min, 60 min, 120 min, 180 min were 19 cases 0.98% (19/173), 74 cases 42.77% (74/173), 110 cases 63.58% (110/173), 42 cases 24.28% (42/173) and 12 cases 6.94% (12/173) respectively. Ten (10/173) patients would have been undetected if fasting plasma glucose levels were not evaluated, while omission of 30 min, 60 min, 120 min, or 180 min plasma glucose levels would have resulted in 16 cases (16/173), 50 cases (50/173), 28 cases (28/173) and 1 case (1/173) being missed respectively. If we took three times blood samples to evaluate plasma glucose levels, 39 cases (39/173) (0 min + 30 min +60 min), 102 cases (0 min + 30 min + 120 min), 21 cases (0 min + 30 min + 180 min), 34 cases (0 min + 60 min + 120 min), 45 cases (0 min + 60 min + 180 min), 123 cases (0 min + 120 min + 180 min) would be missed. Compared AUC of plasma glucose and insulin in 5 times with 3 times (0 min + 30 min + 60 min), the differences were statistically significant. Body mass index (BMI) was positively correlated with HOMA-IR (r = 0.29987 (P<0.01) as well as WHR (r = 0.12441, P<0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: (i) The prevalence rate of obesity was higher in PCOS. The state of obesity had a positive relation with insulin resistance. (ii) The prevalence rate of lipid profiles abnormality in obesity group was higher than in non-obesity. (iii) OGTT was the essential examination for all the PCOS patients. FAU - Shi, Yuhua
Endocrine outcome in long-term survivors of low-grade hypothalamic/chiasmatic glioma.$$$ OBJECTIVE: We have evaluated the frequency of endocrine abnormalities in a large group of patients with hypothalamic/chiasmatic glioma (H/CG) and its correlation with the different forms of therapy. DESIGN: Descriptive retrospective study using case note review analysis. PATIENTS: The records of 68 children who survived H/CG were analysed. One third had neurofibromatosis. The mean age at tumour presentation was 5 years. The median time of follow-up was 3.6 years. Thirty-eight children received cranial radiation, of whom 17 also had surgery. Surgery was performed in a total of 24 patients. Fifteen patients received only chemotherapy. Eight children, all with neurofibromatosis, received no specific tumour treatment. MEASUREMENTS: Endocrine dysfunction was determined by clinical manifestations and biochemical evaluation of hypothalamic-pituitary function. RESULTS: Endocrine dysfunction occurred in 42% of the children. The most common disorder was GH deficiency (GHD). Of 50 children evaluated, 15 of the 19 with GHD received cranial irradiation (P < 0.05). HOwever, 15 children treated with more than 15 Gy grew normally. Precocious puberty was diagnosed in 11 patients. Nine patients, all treated with cranial irradiation, developed hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism. Of the 14 patients with hypothyroidism, 10 had surgery (P < 0.005). Hypoadrenalism and diabetes insipidus each occurred in eight patients, and were associated with multiple endocrine deficiencies and surgery. Endocrine deficiencies occurred in children with neurofibromatosis as frequently as children without neurofibromatosis but only when comparing those treated with cranial irradiation or surgery. CONCLUSIONS: Nearly all studies assessing the patients with different tumour therapy evaluate patients wit different tumour types. This study investigates a specific and large population of patients with H/CG and correlates the different form of treatment with the endocrine outcome. Precocious puberty, in children with this tumour, is probably due to tumour location rather than oncological therapy. Conversely, although endocrine deficiencies can be a result of tumour location, the major causes of endocrine abnormalities were field irradiation and tumour surgery. A notable finding not previously reported is that endocrine dysfunction occurs less often in neurofibromatosis patients treated conservatively. Furthermore, this study documents that a significant number of young children grew normally despite receiving brain irradiation of greater than 45 Gy. FAU - Collet-Solberg, P F
Stability of the factor structure of the metabolic syndrome across pubertal development: confirmatory factor analyses of three alternative models.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To test the fit and stability of 3 alternative models of the metabolic syndrome's factor structure across 3 developmental stages. STUDY DESIGN: With data from the Fels Longitudinal Study, confirmatory factor analyses tested 3 alternative models of the factor structure underlying relationships among 8 metabolic syndrome-associated risks. Models tested were a 1-factor model (A), a 4-factor model (B), and a second-order latent factor model (C). Developmental stages assessed were prepuberty (ages 8-10), puberty (ages 11-15), and postpuberty (ages 16-20). RESULTS: Convergence was achieved for all developmental stages for model A, but the fit was poor throughout (root mean square error of approximation > 0.1). Standardized factor loadings for waist circumference and body mass index were much stronger than those for fasting insulin at all 3 time points. Although prepuberty and postpuberty models converged for models B and C, each model had problems with Heywood cases. The puberty model did not converge for either model B or C. CONCLUSIONS: The hypothetical structures commonly used to support the metabolic syndrome concept do not provide adequate fit in a pediatric sample and may be variable by maturation stage. A components-based approach to cardiovascular risk reduction, with emphasis on obesity prevention and control, may be a more appropriate clinical strategy for children and youth than a syndromic approach. FAU - Goodman, Elizabeth
Prolonged juvenile States and delay of cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors: the Fels Longitudinal study.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To ascertain the influence of such a prolonged juvenile state on delaying the onset of the metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease, and type 2 diabetes mellitus later in life. STUDY DESIGN: We define prolongation of a juvenile state as a retarded tempo of growth, determined by the timing of peak height velocity in each subject and relate the retarded tempo of growth to metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease, and type 2 diabetes mellitus later in life by use of serial data of 237 study participants (119 men and 118 women) enrolled in the Fels Longitudinal study. RESULTS: Children who matured early tended to have greater body mass index, waist circumference, and percent of body fat and were more likely to have adverse cardiovascular risk profiles than children who matured late. The differences in these risk factors between early and late maturers were significant for percent body fat, fasting plasma triglycerides, and fasting plasma insulin. CONCLUSIONS: The analyses disclosed a clear separation between early and late maturers in the appearance of these risk factors in young adulthood. FAU - Sun, Shumei S
Residual β-cell function and the insulin-like growth factor system in Danish children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes.$$$ CONTEXT: C-peptide-positive adults with type 1 diabetes (T1D) have higher circulating total and free IGF-1 and lower IGF binding protein 1 (IGFBP-1) than C-peptide-negative patients. Whether this is also the case in children remains unknown. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to examine the IGF system in children/adolescents with and without residual β-cell function (RBF). DESIGN AND PATIENTS: This was a cross-sectional study containing 136 prepubertal (hereof 15 RBF positive) and 206 pubertal (hereof 42 RBF positive) children/adolescents with T1D for 3-6 years as well as 40 prepubertal and 30 pubertal healthy controls. RBF was evaluated by meal-stimulated C-peptide. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Fasting serum levels of bioactive IGF (ie, the ability of serum to activate the IGF-1 receptor in vitro), total IGF-1, total IGF-2, and IGFBP-1 and -3. RESULTS: Irrespective of pubertal status, patients with T1D showed lower bioactive IGF and total IGF-1, but higher IGFBP-1 as compared with controls (P < .05). When stratified according to RBF status, a positive RBF was associated with normalization of all IGF-related peptides but IGFBP-1 in prepubertal children (P < .05), whereas none of the IGF components were normalized in prepubertal, RBF-negative children. In pubertal children, total IGF-1 and bioactive IGF remained subnormal and IGFBP-1 supranormal, irrespective of RBF status (P < .05). CONCLUSION: Independent of pubertal status, T1D was associated with an abnormal IGF system. However, a positive RBF status appeared important but only in prepubertal children, in whom all IGF components but IGFBP-1 were normalized. We speculate that the pubertal GH surge induces insulin resistance, which overrides the stimulatory effect that an RBF may exert on the liver-derived IGF system. FAU - Sorensen, Jesper S
Regulation of the acid-labile subunit of the insulin-like growth factor ternary complex in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and severe burns.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Little information is available regarding the regulation of serum acid-labile subunit (ALS) in human disease. We have studied alterations in serum ALS of the insulin-like growth factor (IGF) ternary complex in children with untreated insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and subjects with severe burns before and after insulin therapy. In addition, we have investigated the effect of insulin plus GH on serum ALS in burn patients. DESIGN: Serum samples were obtained from children with newly diagnosed and untreated IDDM before the initiation of insulin therapy and 1 month thereafter. Serum samples were also obtained from adult patients with severe burns who were on a continuous infusion of a carbohydrate-rich enteral diet via nasogastric and duodenal catheters under basal conditions, after a 1-week period of continuous insulin infusion, and after an additional week of insulin plus recombinant GH. PATIENTS: Twenty children and adolescents with untreated IDDM, aged 1.2-16 years, and 6 young adult patients with severe burns aged 17-28 years were studied longitudinally. Control sera were obtained from age, sex and pubertal status matched subjects (for children with IDDM) and from fed healthy adults. MEASUREMENTS: Serum insulin, GH, cortisol and IGF-I were measured by radioimmunoassay, and serum ALS levels were assessed by Western immunoblot before and after treatment periods. RESULTS: Serum ALS levels were lower in untreated children with IDDM (69 +/- 6% of control children). Insulin therapy significantly increased serum ALS (79 +/- 5%, P < 0.05) in these children. Patients with severe burns also had lower serum ALS levels (79 +/- 10% of control adults). After one week of insulin therapy serum ALS levels increased to 90 +/- 15% of control values (P < 0.05). Addition of GH to insulin therapy for another week did not significantly further increase serum ALS levels (95 +/- 27%). Serum IGF-I concentrations increased nearly 2.5-fold in diabetic subjects and fourfold in burn subjects at the end of the study periods. There were no proteolytic fragments of ALS in the sera studied. The deglycosylation pattern of ALS did not differ between diabetic and control sera. CONCLUSION: Serum ALS levels were diminished in children with untreated IDDM and were partially restored after the initiation of insulin therapy. Serum ALS levels were also diminished in patients with severe burn injury and restored by insulin treatment. Addition of GH to insulin therapy did not significantly increase serum ALS levels over levels obtained during insulin therapy alone. These decreases in serum ALS were smaller than the decrease in serum IGF-I concentrations in both conditions, suggesting that IGF-I is the limiting factor for the ternary complex formation in the catabolic states. Insulin may regulate circulating ALS levels in catabolic states and helps to restore the IGF system. FAU - Bereket, A
Surgical experience with craniopharyngioma in adults.$$$ It is proposed that the term craniopharyngioma of the adult be employed only for tumors presenting after the successful completion of puberty. The contrasts with the current practice of arbitrary distinction on the basis of age at the time of operation. Of 48 patients over 20 years of age at the time of operation, 38 fulfilled the criteria for "craniopharyngioma of the adult". Clinical characteristics of these 38 are analyzed. In contrast to generally accepted ideas, the course of patients with incompletely excised tumors is unfavorable, with frequent early and serious recurrences. A complete excision is therefore recommended for craniopharyngioma of the adult. FAU - Garcia-Uria, J
Relating Phthalate and BPA Exposure to Metabolism in Peripubescence: The Role of Exposure Timing, Sex, and Puberty.$$$ CONTEXT: Exposure to endocrine-disrupting chemicals during development may play a role in the increasing prevalence of metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes among children and adolescents by interfering with metabolic homeostasis. OBJECTIVE: To explore associations between in utero and peripubertal urinary phthalate metabolite and bisphenol A (BPA) concentrations and markers of peripubertal metabolic homeostasis. DESIGN: Early Life Exposure in Mexico to Environmental Toxicants (ELEMENT): a longitudinal cohort study of pregnant women in Mexico City and their offspring. SETTING: Public maternity hospitals in Mexico City. PATIENTS OR OTHER PARTICIPANTS: Women recruited during pregnancy; offspring recruited for follow-up at age 8-14 years (n = 250). INTERVENTIONS: None. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Fasting serum c-peptide, IGF-1, leptin, and glucose concentrations among children at follow-up; calculated measures of insulin secretion and insulin resistance. RESULTS: Phthalate metabolites and BPA were associated with metabolism biomarkers at age 8-14 years in patterns that varied by sex, pubertal status, and exposure timing. For example, in utero monoethyl phthalate was associated with lower insulin secretion among pubertal boys (P = .02) and higher leptin among girls (P = .04). In utero di-2-ethylhexyl phthlate was associated with higher IGF-1 among pubertal girls; peripubertal di-2-ethylhexyl phthlate was associated with higher IGF-1, insulin secretion, and resistance among prepubertal girls. In contrast, peripubertal dibutyl phthalate, monobenzyl phthalate, and mono-3-carboxypropyl phthalate were associated with lower IGF-1 among pubertal boys. Peripubertal BPA was associated with higher leptin in boys (P = .01). CONCLUSIONS: Considering the long-term health effects related to metabolic syndrome, additional research on exposure and metabolic outcomes across developmental periods and early adulthood is needed. FAU - Watkins, Deborah J
Skeletal muscle mitochondrial function is associated with longitudinal growth velocity in children and adolescents.$$$ CONTEXT: Periods of rapid growth require an increase in energy use and substrate formation. Mitochondrial function contributes to each of these and therefore may play a role in longitudinal growth. METHODS: Twenty-nine children and adolescents of ages 8-15 yr were enrolled in a comprehensive longitudinal assessment of glucose homeostasis and mitochondrial function. Fasting laboratory studies and an estimate of mitochondrial function (as assessed by the time to recovery of phosphocreatine (PCr) concentration after submaximal quadriceps extension/flexion exercise using (31)P magnetic resonance spectroscopy) were obtained at baseline and annually for 2 yr. RESULTS: Data were complete for 23 subjects. Subjects were 11.3 ± 1.9 (sd) yr old at the beginning of the study; 61% were male. Average annualized growth velocity at 1 yr for boys was 7.1 ± 1.5 cm/yr and for girls 6.5 ± 1.7 cm/yr. More rapid recovery of PCr concentration, suggestive of greater skeletal muscle oxidative phosphorylation capacity at baseline, was associated with faster growth velocity in the subsequent year (r(2) = 0.29; P = 0.008). In multivariate modeling, baseline mitochondrial function remained significantly and independently associated with growth (R(2) for model = 0.51; P = 0.05 for effect of phosphocreatine recovery time constant), controlling for age, gender, Tanner stage, body mass index Z-score, and height Z-score. CONCLUSIONS: We report a novel association between time to recovery of PCr concentration after submaximal exercise and faster annual linear growth in healthy children. Future studies are needed to determine the physiological mechanisms and clinical consequences of this observation. FAU - McCormack, Shana E
Impact of diabetes mellitus on the sexuality of Peruvian postmenopausal.$$$ AIM: To evaluate sexual function among postmenopausal diabetic women. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A total of 72 postmenopausal women, 36 diabetic, with a stable partner were included in this study. Sexual functioning was assessed using the Female Sexual Functioning Index (FSFI) and depression using the Beck Depression Inventory scale. RESULTS: There was no difference between diabetic and control women regarding age, years of schooling, number of children, age at menarche, age at first sexual experience, years postmenopausal or body mass index. Diabetics had a worse score for depression (11.5 +/- 5.6 vs. 8.9 +/- 4.7, p < 0.03), a lower frequency of sexual intercourse per month (2.7 +/- 2.8 vs. 4.4 +/- 2.9, p < 0.01) and a more deteriorated marital relationship (scale of 0-20: 13.4 +/- 2.9 vs. 15.1 +/- 1.9, p < 0.009). Diabetics demonstrated worse scores globally (19.3 +/- 8.1 vs. 26.8 +/- 4.5, p < 0.0001) and in all domains of the FSFI: desire (2.6 +/- 1.4 vs. 3.8 +/- 1.1, p < 0.0001), arousal (3.5 +/- 1.9 vs. 4.7 +/- 0.8, p < 0.002), lubrication (3.2 +/- 1.9 vs. 4.5 +/- 1.3, p < 0.003), orgasm (3.2 +/- 1.8 vs. 4.5 +/- 1.1, p < 0.002), satisfaction (3.8 +/- 1.3 vs. 4.8 +/- 0.9, p < 0.0005) and pain (3.1 +/- 1.7 vs. 4.6 +/- 1.3, p < 0.0001) (values all mean +/- standard deviation). Considering sexual dysfunction as a score higher than 26.55, the prevalence of sexual dysfunction among diabetics was 75.0% vs. 30.6% in the control group (p < 0.001). After adjusting for depression, years of schooling, hysterectomy, marital relationship and age, diabetes mellitus remained an important risk factor for sexual dysfunction (odds ratio 6.2, 95% confidence interval 2.0-19.6, p < 0.02). CONCLUSION: Diabetes mellitus affects all areas of female sexuality and this condition is independent of depression. FAU - Mezones-Holguin, Edward
Obesity and sex steroid changes across puberty: evidence for marked hyperandrogenemia in pre- and early pubertal obese girls.$$$ CONTEXT: Peripubertal obesity is associated with abnormal sex steroid concentrations, but the timing of onset and degree of these abnormalities remain unclear. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to assess the degree of hyperandrogenemia across puberty in obese girls and assess overnight sex steroid changes in Tanner stage 1-3 girls. DESIGN: This was a cross-sectional analysis. SETTING: The study was conducted at general clinical research centers. SUBJECTS: Thirty normal-weight (body mass index for age < 85%) and 74 obese (body mass index for age >or= 95%) peripubertal girls. INTERVENTION: Blood samples (circa 0500-0700 h) were taken while fasting. Samples from the preceding evening (circa 2300 h) were obtained in 23 Tanner 1-3 girls. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Hormone concentrations stratified by Tanner stage were measured. RESULTS: Compared with normal-weight girls, mean free testosterone (T) was elevated 2- to 9-fold across puberty in obese girls, whereas fasting insulin was 3-fold elevated in obese Tanner 1-3 girls (P < 0.05). Mean LH was lower in obese Tanner 1 and 2 girls (P < 0.05) but not in more mature girls. In a subgroup of normal-weight Tanner 1-3 girls (n = 17), mean progesterone (P) and T increased overnight 2.3- and 2.4-fold, respectively (P <or= 0.001). In obese Tanner 1-3 girls (n = 6), evening P and T were elevated, and both tended to increase overnight [mean 1.4- and 1.6-fold, respectively (P = 0.06)]. CONCLUSIONS: Peripubertal obesity is associated with hyperandrogenemia and hyperinsulinemia throughout puberty, being especially marked shortly before and during early puberty. P and T concentrations in normal-weight Tanner 1-3 girls increase overnight, with similar but less evident changes in obese girls. FAU - McCartney, Christopher R
Catch-up growth in body mass index is associated neither with reduced insulin sensitivity nor with altered lipid profile in children born small for gestational age.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Low birth weight is a risk factor for coronary heart disease. Persons who have coronary events as adults tend to have been small at birth and thin at 2 yr of age, after which they tended to increase their body mass index (BMI). Our aim was to determine whether BMI gain is associated to alterations in insulin sensitivity and/or lipid profile in children born small for gestational age (SGA). DESIGN: Retrospective case-control study. METHODS: We studied 78 children (mean age 7.8+/-2.5 yr): 26 SGA children with catch-up growth in BMI (CGB-SGA) (BMI= 10th to 75th centile), 26 SGA without catch-up growth (NCGB-SGA) (BMI<10th centile), and 26 appropriate for gestational age (AGA) control children (BMI: 10th to 75th centile). For each CGB-SGA child, we selected an NCGB-SGA and an AGA child of the same gender, age (within 1 yr), and pubertal status. SGA children were also subdivided into 2 groups according to post-natal catch-up growth in height (CGH). RESULTS: Glucose was significantly lower in NCGBSGA than AGA group (p=0.02). No significant differences in fasting insulin, fasting glucose/insulin ratio, homeostasis model assessment, quantitative insulin-sensitivity check index, and lipid profile were found among the 3 groups. HDL-cholesterol proved significantly reduced in SGA children with post-natal CGH (p=0.02). CONCLUSIONS: Our findings do not support the hypothesis of early alterations in insulin sensitivity and lipid metabolism in CGB-SGA subjects during childhood provided that BMI remains within the normal range. Finally, the finding of reduced HDL-cholesterol levels in CGH-SGA children suggests detrimental metabolic effects of the height gain. FAU - Torre, P
Circulating undercarboxylated osteocalcin and gingival crevicular fluid tumour necrosis factor-α in children.$$$ BACKGROUND: Osteocalcin, a protein secreted by osteoblasts during bone formation, is negatively associated with adult periodontal disease. Little is known about this association in children. AIM: To examine the extent to which plasma undercarboxylated osteocalcin (ucOC) is associated with gingival crevicular fluid tumour necrosis factor-alpha (GCF TNF-α) - a potential marker of gingival inflammation - in children. METHODS: We used data from the Quebec Adipose and Lifestyle InvesTigation in Youth cohort, an ongoing longitudinal study on the natural history of obesity among Caucasian children with a family history of obesity in Quebec, Canada. This cross-sectional analysis from the baseline visit includes 120 children aged 8-10 years. Plasma ucOC and GCF TNF-α levels were determined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Linear regression analyses, adjusting for age, gender, family income, sexual maturity stage, daily physical activity, obesity, and fasting glucose were conducted, with TNF-α level as the dependent variable. RESULTS: A 1-ng/ml increase in ucOC was associated with a 0.96% decrease (95% confidence interval (CI): -1.69, -0.23) in GCF TNF-α level. CONCLUSION: A negative association between a marker of bone formation and a marker of gingival inflammation was observed as early as childhood among Caucasian children with a family history of obesity.
In vitro biological-to-immunological ratio of serum gonadotropins throughout male puberty in children with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.$$$ Information on the impact of prolonged deficient glycemic control in the quality of the gonadotropin signal delivered by the pituitary gland during puberty in children with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) is scarce. In the present study, we examined the impact of deficient glycemic control on bioactive LH and FSH concentrations and their corresponding biological-to-immunological (B:I) ratio in boys with poorly controlled, but systemically uncomplicated IDDM. Dual control groups comprising patients with well-controlled IDDM and healthy boys of comparable age and body mass index were included for appropriate comparisons within and between each pubertal stage. Patients with poorly controlled and well-controlled IDDM exhibited serum bioactive FSH levels and B:I FSH ratio similar to those showed by the healthy control group. In contrast, in early and mid-pubertal boys with poorly controlled IDDM bioactive LH levels were normal, but its B:I LH relationship was significantly (P < 0.05) decreased. This attenuation in the quality of the LH signal did not affect total serum T concentrations, and apparently, progression of puberty. Long-standing uncontrolled diabetes and the consequent metabolic disturbances and/or complications may aggravate the reproductive axis dysfunction and eventually provoke pubertal arrest. FAU - Nishimura, Elisa
INS VNTR is a QTL for the insulin response to oral glucose in obese children.$$$ We performed a genotype-phenotype association study to examine whether the insulin VNTR (INS VNTR) polymorphism located in the insulin gene promoter was associated with changes in insulin response to oral glucose. Two classes of INS VNTR alleles are observed in Caucasians, the "short" class I and the "long" class III. Plasma insulin and glucose concentrations and indices of insulin secretion (IGI) and sensitivity (ISI) were measured using an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in 387 obese children aged 12 +/- 0.1 yr with a mean body mass index (BMI) of 30.6 kg/m(2) (161% of the normal mean). During OGTT, plasma insulin and IGI were 20-30% higher in I/I obese children vs. III carriers (P < 0.01). A general linear model adjusting for age, sex, and puberty was also used to evaluate the influence of the VNTR genotype on the BMI-IGI (P = 0.07) and the BMI-ISI (P < 0.006) relationships. The INS VNTR can therefore be considered a quantitative trait locus influencing glucose-stimulated insulin physiology in obese juveniles. FAU - Dos Santos, Christine
Dietary composition and its associations with insulin sensitivity and insulin secretion in youth.$$$ The objectives of the present study were to examine the associations between macronutrient intake and insulin sensitivity (IS) and insulin secretion (ISct), taking into consideration moderate-to-vigorous physical activity (MVPA), fitness and sedentary behaviour. Caucasian youth (n 630) aged 8-10 years at recruitment, with at least one obese biological parent, were studied (QUebec Adipose and Lifestyle InvesTigation in Youth cohort). IS was measured using the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) of insulin resistance and Matsuda IS index. ISct was measured using HOMA2%-β, the ratio of the AUC of insulin:glucose over the first 30 min (AUC I/G(t= 30 min)) of the oral glucose tolerance test and AUC I/G(t= 120 min) over 2 h. Fitness was measured using VO₂(peak), percentage of fat mass by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, and 7 d MVPA using accelerometry; screen time (ST) by average daily hours of self-reported television, video game or computer use. Dietary composition was measured using three non-consecutive dietary recalls. Non-parametric smoothing splines were used to model non-linear associations; all models were adjusted for age, sex, season, pubertal stage, MVPA, fitness, ST and adiposity. The percentage of total daily energy from dietary protein, fat, saturated fat and carbohydrate and the consumption of dietary vitamin D, sugar-sweetened beverages, fibre and portions of fruits and vegetables were taken into consideration. No dietary component was associated with any measure of IS after adjusting for MVPA, fitness, ST and adiposity. For every 1% increase in daily protein intake (%), AUC I/G(t= 30 min) decreased by 1·1% (P= 0·033). Otherwise, dietary composition was not associated with ISct. While long-term excess of energy intake has been shown to lead to overweight and obesity, dietary macronutrient composition is not independently correlated with IS or ISct in youth. FAU - Henderson, Mélanie
Influence of puberty on lipids and lipoprotein profile in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ In order to assess whether or not the lipoprotein profile worsens throughout puberty in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus and if this change is related to dietary compliance, we studied 46 (20 female, 26 male) children. At the beginning of the study, the mean age (+/- SD) was 10.9 +/- 1.1 years; all the children studied had reached a pubertal stage of P1, G1. The mean duration of diabetes (+/- SD) was 4.9 +/- 1.8 years. The diet and the lipoprotein profile of diabetic children were analysed at the beginning of the study and after 6 years. The quality of metabolic control of subjects studied had not changed significantly at the end of the study (haemoglobin HbA1c 7.6% +/- 2.1% vs 7.9% +/- 2.0%; NS). After puberty, the diabetic patients received more energy from carbohydrate and less from lipids. Total serum cholesterol and triglycerides and levels of low-density lipoproteins were significantly higher and of high-density lipoproteins lower in the diabetic patients after puberty than before (4.47 +/- 0.7 mmol/l vs 5.99 +/- 0.6, P < 0.01; 0.90 +/- 0.02 mmol/l vs 1.45 +/- 0.03, P < 0.01; 2.2 +/- 0.3 mmol/l vs 2.8 +/- 0.5, P < 0.01; 1.5 +/- 0.2 vs 1.1 +/- 0.2, P < 0.01, respectively). These results suggest a detrimental effect of puberty on lipoproteins; probably, dietary compliance plays a role in this worsening. Dietary education should be intensified during adolescence in order to present these changes. FAU - Verrotti, A
Serum insulin-like growth factor-I in 1030 healthy children, adolescents, and adults: relation to age, sex, stage of puberty, testicular size, and body mass index.$$$ Serum levels of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) increase with age and pubertal development. The large variation in circulating IGF-I levels in adolescence makes it difficult to use the IGF-I value of a single child in the assessment of his growth status. In addition, the interference of IGF-binding proteins in many IGF-I assays contributes to this problem. We measured IGF-I in acid-ethanol-extracted serum from 1030 healthy children, adolescents, and adults, employing a RIA that reduces interference of IGF-binding proteins by using monoiodinated Tyr31-[125I]des-(1-3)IGF-I as radioligand. Mean serum IGF-I concentrations increased slowly in prepubertal children from 80-200 micrograms/L with a further steep increase during puberty to approximately 500 micrograms/L. After puberty, a subsequent continuous fall in circulating IGF-I levels was apparent throughout adulthood to a mean of 100 micrograms/L at the age of 80 yr (P < 0.0001). Girls had maximal IGF-I levels at 14.5 yr of age, whereas boys had peak IGF-I levels 1 yr later. This is almost 2 yr later than average peak height velocity. The large variation in serum IGF-I levels during puberty was diminished when data were separated according to sex and Tanner stage of puberty. Interestingly, we found a significant variation with age within the Tanner stages; there was an increase in serum IGF-I concentrations with age in the early pubertal stages and a decrease in the late stages (P < 0.05). Serum IGF-I increased concomitantly with increasing testicular volume. Multiple regression analysis revealed that serum IGF-I levels predicted height velocity in the following year (r = 0.33; P < 0.0001). Body mass index did not correlate significantly with serum IGF-I in prepubertal children in a multiple regression analysis. In conclusion, there was a significant variation in serum IGF-I levels with age within a given Tanner stage of puberty in addition to the well known increase with increasing age or pubertal stage. Accordingly, the effects of sex, age, and puberty on serum IGF-I cannot be separated into simple additive components when studying 1030 children in a cross-sectional design. Thus, the age-, sex-, and puberty-corrected IGF-I values may, in fact, improve the use of serum IGF-I as a diagnostic tool to distinguish between a child with retarded puberty and a GH-deficient individual. FAU - Juul, A
Longitudinal associations of lifestyle factors and weight status with insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) in preadolescent children: the large prospective cohort study IDEFICS.$$$ BACKGROUND: This study investigates prospective associations of anthropometrical and lifestyle indices with insulin resistance (IR) in European children from the IDEFICS cohort. Insulin resistance (IR) is a growing concern in childhood obesity and a central aspect of the metabolic syndrome (MS). It most likely represents the link between obesity and type 2 diabetes. METHODS: This longitudinal study included 3348 preadolescent children aged 3 to 10.9 years from 8 European countries who were observed from 2007/2008 to 2009/2010. The main outcome measure in the present analysis is HOMA-IR (homeostasis model assessment as a common proxy indicator to quantify IR) at follow-up and in its longitudinal development. Anthropometrical measures and lifestyle indices, including objectively determined physical activity, were considered, among others factors, as determinants of IR. Prospective associations between IR at follow-up and anthropometrical and lifestyle indices were estimated by logistic regression models. RESULTS: Country-specific prevalence rates of IR in the IDEFICS cohort of European children showed a positive trend with weight category. Prospective multivariate analyses showed the strongest positive associations of IR with BMI z-score (OR = 2.6 for unit change from the mean, 95 % CI 2.1-3.1) and z-score of waist circumference (OR = 2.2 for unit change from the mean, 95 % CI 1.9-2.6), which were analysed in separate models, but also for sex (OR = 2.2 for girls vs. boys, 95 % CI 1.5-3.1 up to OR 2.5, 95 % CI 1.8-3.6 depending on the model), audio-visual media time (OR = 1.2 for an additional hour per day, 95 % CI 1.0-1.4 in both models) and an inverse association of objectively determined physical activity (OR = 0.5 for 3(rd) compared to 1(st) quartile, 95 % CI 0.3-0.9 in both models). A longitudinal reduction of HOMA-IR was accompanied with a parallel decline in BMI. CONCLUSIONS: This study is, to our knowledge, the first prospective study on IR in a preadolescent children's population. It supports the common hypothesis that overweight and obesity are the main determinants of IR. Our data also indicate that physical inactivity and a sedentary lifestyle are likewise associated with the development of IR, independent of weight status. The promotion of physical activity should thus be considered as an equal option to dietary intervention for the treatment of IR in the paediatric practice. FAU - Peplies, Jenny
Impact of percent body fat on oral glucose tolerance testing: a cross-sectional study in 1512 obese children.$$$ BACKGROUND: Although an association between insulin resistance (IR) and body adiposity has been reported in obese children, this relationship has not been studied as thoroughly as in adults. AIM: We evaluated the association between oral glucose tolerance testing (OGTT) and percent body fat (PBF) in a sample of 1512 obese children followed at a Pediatric Obesity Clinic. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Six hundred and twenty-eight male and 884 female obese children aged 6 to 18 yr were consecutively enrolled into the study. OGTT was performed with administration of 1.75 g of glucose per kg of body weight (up to 75 g). PBF was estimated through bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA) using a population- specific formula recently published by our group. Multivariable median regression was used to evaluate the association between 4 outcomes [glucose area under the curve (AUC), insulin AUC, insulin sensitivity index (ISI), and insulinogenic index (IGI)] and gender, age or pubertal status and PBF. RESULTS: Median PBF was 52% (range 26 to 70%). After correction for age and gender, a 10% increase of PBF was associated with a decrease of -0.50 [95% confidence interval (CI): -0.65 to -0.35] units of ISI and an increase of 0.15 units of IGI (95%CI 0.07 to 0.24). CONCLUSIONS: In obese children, PBF is inversely associated with IR and directly associated to β-cell response as detected by OGTT. FAU - Bedogni, G
Pubertal timing and growth influences cardiometabolic risk factors in adult males and females.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Early pubertal onset in females is associated with increased risk for adult obesity and cardiovascular disease, but whether this relationship is independent of preceding childhood growth events is unclear. Furthermore, the association between male puberty and adult disease remains unknown. To clarify the link between puberty and adult health, we evaluated the relationship between pubertal timing and risk factors for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in both males and females from a large, prospective, and randomly ascertained birth cohort from Northern Finland. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Pubertal timing was estimated based on pubertal height growth in 5,058 subjects (2,417 males and 2,641 females), and the relationship between puberty and body weight, glucose and lipid homeostasis, and blood pressure at age 31 years was evaluated with linear regression modeling. RESULTS: Earlier pubertal timing associated with higher adult BMI, fasting insulin, diastolic blood pressure, and decreased HDL cholesterol in both sexes (P < 0.002) and with higher total serum cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and triglycerides in males. The association with BMI and diastolic blood pressure remained statistically significant in both sexes, as did the association with insulin levels and HDL cholesterol concentrations in males after adjusting for covariates reflecting both fetal and childhood growth including childhood BMI. CONCLUSIONS: We demonstrate independent association between earlier pubertal timing and adult metabolic syndrome-related derangements both in males and females. The connection emphasizes that the mechanisms advancing puberty may also contribute to adult metabolic disorders. FAU - Widén, Elisabeth
Co-existence of severe insulin resistance and hyperinsulinaemia in pre-adolescent obese children.$$$ To determine the time course of changes in insulin action and secretion that occur early during the development of obesity, we studied children before the onset of puberty. The reason for choosing the prepubertal stage of development is that it is metabolically characterized by both a high sensitivity to insulin and low glucose stimulated insulin responses. Fifteen obese preadolescents (8 male/7 female, age 10 +/- 0.4 years, body mass index (BMI) 31 +/- 1.2 kg/m2 Tanner Stage I) with a duration of obesity of less than 5 years and 10 non-obese preadolescents (6 male/4 female, age 10 +/- 0.4 years, BMI 18 +/- 0.9 kg/m2) matched for gender were studied. In a cross-sectional analysis, we compared responses in obese preadolescents, with those in obese adolescents and obese adults with a longer duration of obesity. The euglycaemic hyperinsulinaemic clamp with 1-13C-glucose (Hot Ginf) and indirect calorimetry were used to quantitate insulin action and the hyperglycaemic clamp used to assess beta-cell function. Insulin-stimulated glucose uptake measured at two physiological levels of hyperinsulinaemia (approximately 180 and 480 pmol) was reduced by 20 and 45% in all three groups of obese compared to non-obese subjects (p < 0.01). Defects in oxidative and non-oxidative glucose metabolism were observed in all three groups of obese subjects at the higher insulin infusion rate. The ability of insulin to inhibit lipid oxidation was impaired in all three obese groups at both levels of hyperinsulinaemia. Increases in basal and glucose-stimulated insulin levels during the hyperglycaemic clamp mirrored the reductions in glucose uptake during the insulin clamp in all obese groups. These results indicate that insulin resistance and hyperinsulinaemia co-exist in preadolescent children with moderate to severe obesity. FAU - Caprio, S
[High prevalence of overweight, obesity, insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome in rural children and adolescents].$$$ BACKGROUND: Childhood and adolescent obesity is a major public health problem in Chile. AIM: To characterize cardiometabolic risk factors in a population of schoolchildren from Carahue, Chile. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Cross-sectional assessment of 208 children aged 10.4 ± 1.0 years (106 women). A clinical evaluation was carried out including pubertal development according to Tanner and anthropometric parameters. A fasting blood sample was obtained to measure glucose, insulin and lipid profile. HOMA-IR and Quicki indices were calculated. Insulin resistance (IR) was established according to Burrows criteria and Barja criteria, previously proposed for the Chilean pediatric population. The metabolic syndrome (MetS) was established using the modified Cook criteria. RESULTS: Thirty eight percent of children had overweight and 33.1% obesity. MetS was only observed in obese subjects and the frequency in this subgroup was 38%. The prevalence of IR was 51% according to the Burrows criteria and 19% according to Barja criteria. It was more common in participants who were overweight, obese or had abdominal obesity. Children with insulin resistance according to Barja criteria, had worse anthropometric measures than their counterparts without resistance. When Burrows criteria was used, no differences in anthropometric measures were observed between participants with or without resistance. The frequency of MetS was 26 and 18% in children with insulin resistance according to Barja and Burrows criteria, respectively. Insulin levels and insulin sensitivity indexes were positively correlated with anthropometric parameters. CONCLUSIONS: There was a high prevalence of overweight, obesity and MetS in these participants. Our results suggest that the IR criteria according to Barja allows to identify cases with higher metabolic risk. FAU - Sapunar, Jorge
Racial (black-white) differences in insulin secretion and clearance in adolescents: the Bogalusa heart study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Earlier we found black-white contrast in insulin levels in adolescents. The purpose of this study is to assess whether this difference is attributable to alterations in insulin secretion and/or clearance. METHODS: Fasting circulating insulin and C-peptide concentrations were examined in 1157 adolescents aged 11 to 18 years from a biracial community. Fasting plasma C-peptide, C-peptide to insulin ratio, and glucose to insulin ratio were used as indices of insulin secretion, hepatic insulin clearance, and insulin sensitivity, respectively. RESULTS: After adjusting several covariates (age, sexual maturation, and obesity), black adolescents had higher insulin levels (14.99 vs 12.66 microU/mL in girls). However, they had lower C-peptide levels than their white counterparts, indicating lower insulin secretion by pancreatic beta cells in black adolescents. Moreover, black adolescents had lower levels of C-peptide to insulin ratio than white adolescents (0.14 vs 0.17), suggesting reduced hepatic insulin clearance in black adolescents. In addition, significantly lower levels of glucose to insulin ratio in black girls suggest a reduced insulin sensitivity in this group. Further, differences in insulin levels between white and black girls disappeared after adjusting for differences in C-peptide to insulin ratio. CONCLUSION: These data suggest that elevated insulin levels observed in black adolescents, especially in black girls, may be attributed to their decreased hepatic insulin clearance, not hypersecretion of insulin. FAU - Jiang, X
Circulating asymmetric dimethylarginine and lipid profile in pre-pubertal children with growth hormone deficiency: effect of 12-month growth hormone replacement therapy.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Growth hormone deficiency (GHD) in adults is associated with cardiovascular complications, which lead to reduced life expectancy. At present, data on cardiovascular risk factors in GHD children are limited. The aim of this study was to evaluate whether pre-pubertal GHD children have increased cardiovascular risk factors, and whether 12-month growth hormone (GH) treatment can reverse them. DESIGN: Twenty pre-pubertal GHD children (6 boys, mean (±SD) age: 9.5±1.8 years) were matched for sex and age with 20 healthy controls (6 boys, mean (±SD) age: 8.8±1.5 years). Asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA), lipid profile, glucose metabolism parameters, IGF-1, blood pressure and anthropometric parameters were assessed at baseline and after 12 months of GH treatment. RESULTS: At baseline, GHD patients showed significantly higher ADMA levels (median [interquartile range]: 78.5 [69.6-123.5] vs 54.0 [38.3-60.8] ng/ml, p<0.001), total cholesterol (mean±SD: 177.5±30.4 vs 150.1±21.4 mg/dl; p=0.004) and LDL-cholesterol (mean±SD: 111.2±22.2 vs 84.9±15.9 mg/dl; p<0.001) than controls. After 12-month GH treatment, ADMA (median [interquartile range]: 55.4 [51.2-73.8] ng/ml), total cholesterol (mean±SD: 155.6±43.2 mg/dl), and LDL-cholesterol (mean±SD: 95.4±32.1 mg/dl) significantly decreased in GHD children, reaching values comparable to those in controls. CONCLUSIONS: This study showed that, as in adults, pre-pubertal GHD children manifest increased cardiovascular risk markers and that 12-month GH treatment can improve them.
Body weight impact on puberty: effects of high-calorie diet on puberty onset in female rhesus monkeys.$$$ Secular trends toward a declining age at puberty onset with correlated changes in body weight have been reported in economically advanced countries. This has been attributed to excess calorie intake along with reduced physical activity in children. However, because the timing of puberty in humans is also influenced by other factors, such as genetic traits, living conditions, geographical location, and environmental chemicals, it is difficult to distinguish the effect of diet and body size from other factors in a human population. Here we report that feeding juvenile female rhesus monkeys born and raised at the Wisconsin National Primate Research Center with a high-calorie diet results in acceleration of body growth and precocious menarche. The monkeys fed a high-calorie diet also had an elevated body mass index. The most significant treatment effects on circulating hormones were increased leptin and IGF-I levels throughout the experiment. The findings of this study suggest the importance of close monitoring of juvenile feeding behaviors as an important intervention to reduce the prevalence of precocious development and metabolic diseases in adulthood. FAU - Terasawa, Ei
Sexual dimorphisms in the associations of BMI and body fat with indices of pubertal development in girls and boys.$$$ CONTEXT: The effect of obesity and concomitant insulin resistance on pubertal development is incompletely elucidated. OBJECTIVE: To determine how measures of adiposity and insulin resistance are associated with pubertal maturation in boys and girls. SETTING AND DESIGN: Breast and pubic hair Tanner stage and testicular volume by orchidometry were determined by physical examination in 1066 children. Ovarian volume was estimated by trans-abdominal ultrasound. Fat mass, skeletal age, and fasting serum for insulin and glucose, total T, estradiol, estrone, dehydroepiandrosterone-sulfate, and androstenedione were measured at the National Institutes of Health Clinical Research Center. Convenience sample; 52% obese, 59% female. RESULTS: Logistic regression identified a significant interaction between sex and obesity for prediction of pubertal development (P ≤ .01). There was a negative association between boys' testicular volume and body mass index (BMI)/fat mass but a positive association between girls' breast stage and BMI/fat mass. Ovarian volume in girls was positively associated with insulin resistance but not with BMI/fat mass. There was a positive association between obesity and measures of estrogen exposure (breast development and skeletal age) in both sexes. Positive correlations were seen for girls between BMI and pubic hair development and between insulin resistance and T production, whereas adiposity was negatively associated with pubic hair in boys. CONCLUSIONS: Significant sexual dimorphisms in the manifestations of pubertal development are seen in obese girls and boys. Two known effects of obesity, increased peripheral conversion of low-potency androgens to estrogens by adipose tissue-aromatase and increased insulin resistance, may be in large part responsible for these differences. FAU - Crocker, Melissa K
[Effect of recombinant human growth hormone on glucose metabolism in children with growth hormone deficiency].$$$ OBJECTIVE: Numerous studies in children with growth hormone deficiency (GHD) show that recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) treatment results in significant catch-up growth, but some papers reported that the children who underwent rhGH therapy might be at increased risk of diabetes. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of rhGH treatment on blood glucose and insulin metabolism in children with GHD and the relationship between growth hormone (GH) and glucose homeostasis. METHODS: In this study, 44 children with GHD treated with rhGH [0.1 U/(kgxd)] and age- and sex-matched 20 healthy children were enrolled. The GHD group included 28 males and 16 females aged from 4.5 to 16.5 years (mean 10.4 +/- 2.6 years), including 18 cases of complete GHD and 26 cases of partial GHD. The sexual development stage of all subjects was in Tanner I. Oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT) were done, and body mass index (BMI), serum insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) level and insulin resistance by homeostasis model (HOMA-IR) were measured at the time of diagnosis and every 3 months after rhGH therapy. Continuous glucose monitoring system (CGMS) was applied for two cases with hyperglycemia. RESULTS: (1) Fasting glucose and IGF-1 levels increased since 3 months of treatment and did not decrease since then. The levels of fasting glucose and IGF-1 at every time points of rhGH therapy were higher than the levels at the time of diagnosis (F = 6.81, P < 0.01; F = 7.31, P < 0.01, respectively). HOMA-IR and fasting insulin levels were increased since 3 and 9 months of treatment (P = 0.001 and P = 0.021, respectively). They decreased after 12 months of therapy and the levels at 18 months of therapy were similar to that at diagnosis. (2) Pearson correlation analysis showed that HOMA-IR was positively correlated with BMI, IGF-1 and the duration of treatment (r = 0.251, 0.437, 0.281, P < 0.01, respectively). The curve between HOMA-IR and duration of therapy was similar with parabola and the quadratic equation obtained was as follows: HOMA-IR = 1.5048 + 0.2177 x duration of therapy (months)-0.0103 x duration of therapy (months)(2) (r(2) = 0.147, F = 14.16, P < 0.01). (3) Two cases had transitory hyperglycemia. Their fasting glucose levels were all higher than 7.1 mmol/L. The glucose levels returned to normal after 1 month and 5 days respectively. OGTT and CGMS showed that their plasma glucose levels were normal after rhGH therapy was applied again. CONCLUSION: The children who underwent rhGH therapy may be at increased risk of insulin resistance (especially during the first year) and the therapy may even induce transitory glucose metabolic disorder in a very small proportion of patients. Circulating IGF-1 may participate in the control of insulin sensitivity and play an important role in the hormonal balance between GH and insulin. It may be necessary to monitor glucose metabolism and IGF-1 for all children who are treated with rhGH therapy. FAU - Liang, Li
Comparison of simple measures of insulin sensitivity in young girls with premature adrenarche: the fasting glucose to insulin ratio may be a simple and useful measure.$$$ Insulin resistance is a strong predictor of the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. Girls with premature adrenarche (PA) or obesity may be at an increased risk for the development of insulin resistance. Recently, in prepubertal girls with PA, a fasting glucose to insulin ratio (FGIR) of less than 7 was found to be predictive of insulin resistance as determined by the frequently sampled iv glucose tolerance test. We sought to compare the FGIR with 2 insulin sensitivity measures, SiM (an adjusted mean measure of insulin sensitivity based on fasting and 2 h post glucose load insulin sensitivity measures) and the composite whole body insulin sensitivity index, ISI(comp), both derived from the 2-h oral glucose tolerance test in 2 groups of children at risk: girls with PA and obese girls. We studied 25 prepubertal girls with PA and/or obesity and further classified them as insulin resistant (IR) or insulin sensitive (IS) based on the FGIR. Four simple measures of insulin sensitivity [FGIR, quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI), fasting insulin resistance index, and fasting insulin] were compared with SiM and ISI(comp). Additionally, we characterized the subjects in terms of risk factors associated with insulin resistance according to their insulin resistance status based on the FGIR. In our subjects the strongest correlations overall appeared to be between FGIR and SiM, FGIR and ISI(comp), QUICKI and SiM, and QUICKI and ISI(comp) [correlations (r) ranged from 0.81--0.84]. Furthermore, the IR group had higher body mass index and body mass index z-scores and triglyceride levels than the IS group and were over 3 times more likely to have triglycerides greater than the 95th percentile compared with national norms. We conclude that the FGIR and QUICKI are highly correlated with oral glucose tolerance test measures of insulin sensitivity. An FGIR less than 7 in young girls with PA or obesity may be helpful in the early identification of children at risk for complications of insulin resistance. FAU - Silfen, M E
Influence of the Mediterranean diet on carotid intima-media thickness in hypercholesterolaemic children: a 12-month intervention study.$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: The Mediterranean diet has been recognised as having a protective role on the cardiovascular system due to its low lipid and high antioxidant content. Lipid profile and oxidant status represent two important risk factors related to endothelial dysfunction, even at early stages of cardiovascular diseases. The aim of the study was to evaluate the influence of a 12-month Mediterranean diet on the variation of lipid profile and carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT) in pre-pubertal hypercholesterolaemic children. METHODS AND RESULTS: We performed a cross-sectional study comparing lipid profile and cIMT in a group of 68 pre-pubertal children (36 with hypercholesterolaemia and 32 controls). In addition, in the hypercholesterolaemic children a 12-month intervention programme with a Mediterranean diet was started to evaluate the variation of lipid profile and cIMT. At baseline, hypercholesterolaemic children showed a significantly higher cIMT (both right and left carotid artery) compared to controls (both p < 0.05). After 12 months of diet intervention, a significant reduction of total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol and cIMT was documented (all p < 0.05). Furthermore, at the end of follow-up, delta body mass index-Standard Deviation score and delta LDL-cholesterol were significantly and independently related to the changes of cIMT (both p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: The Mediterranean diet represents a valid approach in the treatment of hypercholesterolaemia even during childhood.
Advanced pubertal growth spurt in subjects born preterm: the Helsinki study of very low birth weight adults.$$$ CONTEXT: Among people born at term, low birth weight is associated with early puberty. Early maturation may be on the pathway linking low birth weight with cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. Subjects born preterm with very low birth weight (VLBW; <1500 g) have as adults increased risk factors for cardiovascular disease. Little is known about their pubertal timing. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the investigation was to study the timing of pubertal growth in subjects born preterm with VLBW as compared with controls. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: A follow-up study of subjects born preterm including 188 VLBW and 190 term-born control subjects. Growth data were available for 128 VLBW and 147 control subjects, of whom we excluded 15 and 1, respectively, because of neurological impairment. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Timing of pubertal growth spurt was estimated by assessing the ages, corrected for gestational age at birth, at acceleration (take-off) and peak height velocity of pubertal growth, and age at attaining adult height. RESULTS: All components of pubertal growth occurred earlier in VLBW subjects than in controls. Age at take-off was 0.8 yr earlier [95% confidence interval (CI) 0.4-1.3] in VLBW subjects born appropriate and 0.9 yr earlier (95% CI 0.4-1.5) in those born small for gestational age. VLBW subjects were more likely to have a pubertal growth spurt that was at least 2 yr earlier than population average [odds ratio 3.8 (95% CI: 1.5-9.6)]. CONCLUSIONS: Prematurity per se is associated with advanced pubertal growth. Advanced puberty may be among the factors mediating adult metabolic outcomes in subjects born preterm with VLBW. FAU - Wehkalampi, Karoliina
High HOMA-IR, adjusted for puberty, relates to the metabolic syndrome in overweight and obese Chilean youths.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine how the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) is related to metabolic risk in a sample of overweight and obese Chilean youths accounting for Tanner stage. METHODS: A cross-sectional study assessing 486 overweight and obese youths (aged 5-15 years) recruited from the University of Chile, Pediatric Obesity Clinic. We measured anthropometry, Tanner stage, HOMA-IR, and laboratory tests related to metabolic risk. HOMA-IR was categorized by quartile for children (Tanner stages I and II) and adolescents (Tanner stage III and above) from a normative Chilean sample. RESULTS: Children and adolescents with HOMA-IR in the highest quartile were likely to have higher body mass index (BMI) Z-scores, elevated waist circumference, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and triglycerides and low high-density lipoprotein. HOMA-IR had good negative predictive value for characteristics of the metabolic syndrome (MetS; 0.82). In a multivariate regression model, BMI Z-score [odds ratio (OR) 1.5] and HOMA-IR (OR 3.3) predicted 22% of the variance for the MetS, with 36% of the explained variance attributed to HOMA-IR. CONCLUSIONS: In a large clinical sample of overweight and obese Chilean youths, HOMA-IR ≥ 75th percentile was significantly associated with the cluster of factors referred to as the MetS. We emphasize the importance of establishing percentiles for HOMA-IR based on a normative sample and taking Tanner stage into account. Although BMI is easy to assess and interpret with minimal costs in a clinical setting, adding HOMA-IR explains more of the variance in the MetS than BMI Z-score alone.
Further survey of Australian ophthalmologist's diabetic retinopathy management: did practice adhere to National Health and Medical Research Council guidelines?$$$ BACKGROUND: To compare the self-reported management of diabetic retinopathy by Australian ophthalmologists with the 1997 National Health and Medical Research Council (NHMRC) guidelines. METHODS: Self-reported cross-sectional survey of patterns of practice. Questionnaires were sent to all Australian ophthalmologists, comprising questions regarding professional details, diabetic retinopathy screening attitudes/practices and specific hypothetical management scenarios. Data were analysed using Chi-squared and adjusted logistic regression. RESULT: 480 of the 751 (64%) eligible Australian ophthalmologists participated. The majority (80%, n = 376) reported they consistently reviewed patient's glycaemic control, but only 55% and 41% regularly reviewed blood pressure and serum cholesterol control, respectively. Ophthalmologists generally adhered to NHMRC-recommended screening intervals, although only 38% agreed with the guidelines relating to screening of pre-pubertal diabetic patients. Fluorescein angiogram was used more than recommended, especially for mild non-proliferative diabetic retinopathy where 45% of respondents used this investigation. Practice duration >15 years was associated with more regular fluorescein angiogram use (OR = 3.74; 95% CI: 2.53-5.53, P < 0.001). In the clinical scenarios where clinically significant macular oedema was concurrently present with cataract or proliferative diabetic retinopathy, >26% referred to retinal subspecialists for management; 85% of the remaining ophthalmologists performed macular laser first. Respondents with practice duration >15 years were 7.8 times (P = 0.001) more likely to perform cataract surgery first. CONCLUSION: Diabetic retinopathy management guidelines were generally well followed by Australian ophthalmologists. However, areas of practice variation existed including frequent use of fluorescein angiogram. Significant proportion of practitioners referred diabetic patients to retinal subspecialists, who were more likely to adhere to guideline recommendations. Ophthalmologists with greater experience (>15 years) were more likely to employ practices differing from NHMRC recommendations. FAU - Yuen, Joshua
Small for gestational age (SGA): endocrine and metabolic consequences and effects of growth hormone treatment.$$$ Several studies have demonstrated an association between low birth weight and impaired insulin sensitivity or even type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM2) in later life. Growth hormone (GH) is known to increase fasting and postprandial insulin levels. For that reason concern has been expressed regarding possible detrimental effects of GH therapy in children born SGA. In a Dutch trial the possible side effects of GH therapy on carbohydrate metabolism were assessed in short children born SGA after 6 years and at 6 months after discontinuation of GH therapy. This study included 79 prepubertal short children born SGA, participating in a multicenter double-blind, randomized, dose-response GH trial. Inclusion criteria were: 1) birth length SDS below -1.88, 2) age 3-11 years in boys and 3-9 years in girls, 3) height SDS < -1.88, 4) no spontaneous catch-up growth, and 5) an uncomplicated neonatal period. Mean (SD) value for age was 7.3 (2.1) years, birth length SDS -3.6, height SDS -3.0 (0.7) and BMI SDS -1.2 (1.3). All children were randomly assigned to either group A (n = 41) using 1 mg GH/m2/day or group B (n = 38) using 2 mg/m2/ d/ay (approximately 0.1 or 0.2 IU/kg/d, respectively). Standard oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTTs) were performed before and during 6 years of GH therapy and 6 months after discontinuation of GH therapy. Before GH therapy 8% of the children had impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) according to criteria of the WHO. After 6 years of GH therapy, IGT was found in 4% and after stopping GH in 10%. Mean fasting glucose increased significantly with 0.5 mMol/l after 1 year of GH therapy, without a further increase thereafter. GH therapy induced considerably higher fasting and glucose-stimulated insulin levels. None of the observed changes were different between the GH dosage groups. Children who remained prepubertal had similar glucose and insulin levels compared to children who entered puberty. HbA1c levels were always in the normal range and none of the children developed diabetes mellitus. After discontinuation of GH therapy the mean serum glucose levels remained normal and the mean serum insulin levels decreased significantly, to normal age reference values. Before the start of GH the mean systolic blood pressure was significantly higher compared to age-matched peers, whereas during GH therapy a significant decline in mean systolic blood pressure occurred, which remained similar after discontinuation of GH treatment. In conclusion, continuous, long-term GH therapy in short children born SGA has no adverse effects on glucose levels, even with GH dosages up to 2 mg/m2/day. However, as has been reported in other patient groups, GH induced higher fasting and glucose-stimulated insulin levels, indicating insulin resistance. After discontinuation of GH, serum insulin levels declined to normal age-matched reference levels. Since impaired insulin sensitivity and DM2 have been demonstrated in relatively young patients born SGA, long-term follow-up of children born SGA is advised, also after discontinuation of GH therapy. FAU - Hokken-Koelega, A C S
[Growth and body composition in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus].$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the growth and body composition of pre-pubertal diabetic children, and to check for influence of the age of diabetes onset and length, sex, insulin requirement and glycosylated hemoglobin. PATIENTS AND METHODS: 59 diabetic children (39 M; 29 F), age 1.2-11.5 years, and 67 controls (36 M; 31 F), age 1.2-11.7 years were included. Weight, height, body mass index (BMI), arm circumference, skin folds, fat mass and muscle areas were evaluated and transformed into standard deviation scores (SDS). RESULTS: Among the diabetic children the mean height SDS was -0.13 (+/- 0.97) while in the control group it was 0.28 (+/- 0.86) (p= 0.013). The difference between the first and the current height SDS showed that the height SDS decreased significantly (p< 0.001) and multiple regression analysis indicated correlation with the duration of the disease. The mean arm fat SDS also revealed difference (p< 0.001). The means for weight, BMI, addition of 3 skinfolds and muscle mass did not demonstrate difference between the groups. CONCLUSIONS: The diabetic children showed reduction of height SDS during the period studied and they were significantly shorter than the controls, even though their statures were within the population standards. The arm fat area also showed an increase in relation with the controls. FAU - Paulino, Maria F V M
Dyslipidemia in children with type 2 diabetes vs. obesity.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare the frequency and severity of dyslipidemia between subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and non-diabetic obese group (OB) subjects, followed in a pediatric subspecialty clinic. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: One hundred and four OB subjects seen consecutively by one physician and 67 pediatric subjects diagnosed with T2DM (negative antibodies) were screened from an institutional review board-approved database. Fifty-two T2DM and 75 OB subjects with fasting lipid profiles measured at one hospital's laboratory were included. RESULTS: Both OB and T2DM subjects were predominantly Mexican American. Comparing T2DM at diagnosis or uncontrolled (UC) and OB, mean +/- SD age was 14.3 +/- 2.3 and 11.4 +/- 3.7 with body mass index-Z score of 2.02 +/- 0.67 and 2.46 +/- 0.45, respectively (both p < 0.01). Comparing lipid levels in T2DM to OB and National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey III, the percentage of subjects, respectively, with cholesterol >200 mg/dL (5.17 mmol/L) were 55.8, 22.7, and 10%; with low-density lipoprotein >130 mg/dL (3.36 mmol/L) were 39.4, 12.5, and 10%; with triglycerides >150 mg/dL (1.68 mmol/L) were 65.1, 38.7, and 12.5%; and with high-density lipoprotein <35 mg/dL (0.91 mmol/L) were 40, 22.2, and 10%. Over 80% of the T2DM subjects improved their lipid profile with improved glycemic control as hemoglobin A1c decreased from 10.85 +/- 2.17 to 7.6 +/- 2%. CONCLUSIONS: Dyslipidemia is a frequent comorbidity of obesity and T2DM, starting in childhood, and poses a major public health risk. Dyslipidemia in pediatric subjects with UC T2DM is significantly worse than in OB subjects but is similar to OB subjects when diabetes was better controlled. Earlier use of lipid-lowering drugs should be considered in pediatric T2DM patients who achieve tight glycemic control, yet their dyslipidemia persists. FAU - Newfield, Ron S
Metformin therapy during puberty delays menarche, prolongs pubertal growth, and augments adult height: a randomized study in low-birth-weight girls with early-normal onset of puberty.$$$ CONTEXT AND OBJECTIVE: Low-birth-weight (LBW) girls who enter puberty earlier (around 8-9 yr) tend to have earlier menarche, earlier growth arrest, and a shorter adult stature. At present, there is no therapy for most of these girls. In LBW girls with early puberty, hyperinsulinemic insulin resistance could underpin their rapid transit through puberty and their loss of adult stature. We explored the effects of insulin sensitization with metformin during puberty. SETTING, DESIGN, AND PATIENTS: In an open-labeled, prospective study, 22 LBW girls (birth weight < -1.5 sd score for gestational age) with early-normal puberty (stage 2 breast development at age 8-9 yr) were randomized to remain untreated (n = 12) or to receive metformin (850 mg/d; n = 10) for 36 months (mean age at start, 9.0 yr). All girls remained untreated between 36 and 42 months. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Pubertal growth, body composition by absorptiometry, uterine-ovarian size by ultrasound, fasting insulin, glucose, lipids, leptin, IGF-I, and IGF-binding protein-1 were assessed. RESULTS: Metformin treatment resulted in a longer duration from stage 2 breast development to menarche (P < 0.01; median difference, +1.0 yr), taller near-adult height (P < 0.01), and leaner body composition (P < 0.001). Metformin was also associated with lower insulin resistance and leptin and IGF-I levels and higher SHBG and IGF-binding protein-1 levels and with a more favorable lipid profile. Bone mineral density and uterine-ovarian growth were unaffected. CONCLUSION: Metformin treatment for 36 months in LBW girls with early-normal puberty normalized their pubertal progression to menarche and increased height gains up to adult stature. These data support the concept that insulin is a major codeterminant of the pubertal tempo and pubertal height gain in girls. FAU - Ibáñez, Lourdes
Sclerostin and its association with insulin resistance in children and adolescents.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Recent studies have shown that sclerostin, which is mainly known as a negative regulator of bone formation, could play an important role in the crosstalk between bone and glucose metabolism. The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between sclerostin, other bone and fat related factors as osteocalcin (OC), Receptor Activator of Nuclear Factor NF-қB ligand (RANKL), leptin and adiponectin with glucose metabolism and insulin action in children and adolescents with obesity compared with healthy children and adolescents. METHODS: Fifty-five obese children and adolescents, a mean age of 13.2 ± 3.4 yrs., BMI 28.89 ± 5.5 kg/m(2), and 26 healthy controls (mean age 13.0 ± 4.3 yrs., BMI 19.96 ± 3.1 kg/m(2)), sex-, and Tanner stage-matched were included into the study. Fasting blood samples for measurement of sclerostin, glucose, lipid profile, HbA1c, C-peptide, OC, RANKL, leptin and adiponectin, and vitamin D were taken at 8.00 AM. RESULTS: Sclerostin, osteocalcin, RANKL, and adiponectin levels did not differ between obese patients and the control group. Leptin and fasting insulin levels were significantly higher in obese subjects compared with controls (p < 0.01, p = 0.01, respectively). A positive correlation between sclerostin and OC (r = 0.417, p = 0.027) and negative correlations between sclerostin and HOMA-IR and between sclerostin and age (r = -0.24, p = 0.045, r = -0.23, p = 0.037, respectively) were found in all of the subjects. Sclerostin did not correlate with HbA1c, lipids, RANKL and fat-derived leptin and adiponectin. Partial correlation analysis adjusted for age, SDS-BMI and Tanner staging only revealed a negative correlation between sclerostin and HOMA-IR (r = -0.3, p = 0.01). In obese patients this correlation was stronger than in the whole group (r = -0.39, p = 0.005). Moreover, a negative correlation between sclerostin and insulin was found in obese patients (r = -0.39, p = 0.006). In the healthy cohort, sclerostin had a negative correlation only with C-peptide (r = -0.79, p = 0.02). CONCLUSIONS: Sclerostin could play an important role in the regulation of glucose metabolism in children and adolescents, regardless of other fat and bone-derived factors. In obese young patients it's action could be associated with decreasing insulin resistance.
Age before stage: insulin resistance rises before the onset of puberty: a 9-year longitudinal study (EarlyBird 26).$$$ OBJECTIVE: Insulin resistance (IR) is associated with diabetes. IR is higher during puberty in both sexes, with some studies showing the increase to be independent of changes in adiposity. Few longitudinal studies have reported on children, and it remains unclear when the rise in IR that is often attributed to puberty really begins. We sought to establish from longitudinal data its relationship to pubertal onset, and interactions with age, sex, adiposity, and IGF-1. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: The EarlyBird Diabetes study is a longitudinal prospective cohort study of healthy children aged 5-14 years. Homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR), skinfolds (SSF), adiposity (percent fat, measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry), serum leptin, and IGF-1 were measured annually in 235 children (134 boys). Pubertal onset was adduced from Tanner stage (TS) and from the age at which luteinizing hormone (LH) first became serially detectable (≥0.2 international units/L). RESULTS: IR rose progressively from age 7 years, 3-4 years before TS2 was reached or LH became detectable. Rising adiposity and IGF-1 together explained 34% of the variance in IR in boys and 35% in girls (both P < 0.001) over the 3 years preceding pubertal onset. The contribution of IGF-1 to IR was greater in boys, despite their comparatively lower IGF-1 levels. CONCLUSIONS: IR starts to rise in mid-childhood, some years before puberty. Its emergence relates more to the age of the child than to pubertal onset. More than 60% of the variation in IR prior to puberty was unexplained. The demography of childhood diabetes is changing, and prepubertal IR may be important. FAU - Jeffery, Alison N
Bone mineral acquisition during adolescence and early adulthood: a study in 574 healthy females 10-24 years of age.$$$ Low bone mass is known to be associated with an increased risk of fractures. Osteoporosis prevention by maximizing bone mass will be crucial and requires a better knowledge of bone mass acquisition during adolescence. Bone mass was assessed in 574 healthy volunteer females aged 10-24 years. Spine bone mineral density (BMD) in anteroposterior (AP L2-4) and lateral (LAT L3) views was measured using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) and AP bone mineral content (BMC) was calculated. At the same time, spine AP-BMD (L2-4) was evaluated in 333 normal menstruating women, aged 27-47 years. Bone values, osteocalcin and IGF-1 serum concentrations were correlated with chronological age, skeletal age, pubertal stages and time after menarche. In this cross-sectional study, AP- and LAT-BMD and BMC increased dramatically between skeletal ages 10 and 14 or until the first year after menarche. Between 14 and 17 skeletal years of age, AP-BMD and BMC increased moderately, whereas LAT-BMD remained unchanged. After skeletal age 17, or the fourth year after menarche, there was no significant increase in BMD or BMC, and their values did not differ from those of menstruating women. A serum osteocalcin peak was observed at skeletal ages 11-12 or at stage P3, whereas IGF-1 peaked at 13-14 skeletal years of age or at P4 and the first year after menarche. Eighty-six per cent of the adult bone mass of the spine is acquired before skeletal age 14 or the second year after menarche; therefore osteoporosis prevention programs will be particularly effective before that age. FAU - Sabatier, J P
Ethnic and gender differences in body fat in British schoolchildren as measured by DXA.$$$ BACKGROUND: There are known to be ethnic differences in body composition in adults which are related to ethnic differences in adult disease. OBJECTIVES: To evaluate gender and ethnic differences in percentage body fat in British schoolchildren and to compare these differences with classification of obesity using body mass index (BMI) criteria. DESIGN: A cross-sectional study of 1251 healthy children and adolescents aged 5-18 years from white, South Asian and African-Caribbean ethnic groups. Percentage body fat was determined by dual x ray absorptiometry and the subjects classified using BMI criteria for overweight and obesity. RESULTS: Significant gender differences in percentage body fat were seen, with girls having higher values from the age of 5 years. Girls had 3.8% higher percentage body fat at 5 years of age increasing to 12.9% at 18 years of age. Significant ethnic differences were found, with South Asian girls and boys having the highest percentage body fat from 5 and 7 years of age, respectively. These differences increased with age, being most significant in the teenage years. Although South Asian girls and boys were over-represented in the group containing children with more than 25% body fat (p<0.0001, chi2 test), African-Caribbean subjects were more likely to be classified as obese using BMI criteria. CONCLUSIONS: There are clear gender and ethnic differences in percentage body fat in British schoolchildren which may relate to known differences in the risk of type 2 diabetes in adolescence and adulthood. BMI criteria for defining overweight and obesity do not accurately identify ethnic differences in body fat. FAU - Shaw, Nicholas J
[Incidence of pediatric diabetes mellitus in Austria--results of a prospective study 1989-1990].$$$ The mean annual incidence of childhood diabetes mellitus (0-14 years of age) in Austria was 7,713 cases per 100,000 during 1989-1990. The manifestation rate in boys was insignificantly higher than in girls and the age distribution showed an increase up to an incidence peak around puberty. Typical seasonal variation with the highest incidence in autumn and winter could be demonstrated and the incidence in eastern parts of Austria seemed to be higher than in Vorarlberg. FAU - Schober, E
Maternal age at menarche and offspring body mass index in childhood.$$$ BACKGROUND: Earlier age of menarche has been associated with an increased risk of chronic diseases during adulthood, but whether early menarche has intergenerational effect is not clear. METHODS: In this population-based cross-sectional study, we recruited children from 26 primary schools using cluster random probability sampling in Shanghai, China, in 2014. We used multiple linear regression models to estimate the adjusted associations of maternal age of menarche (MAM) with offspring body mass index (BMI). We also used the mediation analysis to examine the contribution of maternal BMI and gestational diabetes to offspring BMI. RESULTS: A total of 17,571 children aged 6-13 years were enrolled, of whom 16,373 had their weight and height measured. Earlier MAM was associated with higher child BMI in boys (- 0.05 z-score per year older MAM, 95% CI - 0.08 to - 0.02) and in girls (- 0.05 z-score per year older MAM, 95% CI - 0.07 to - 0.02). Maternal BMI positively mediated the association of MAM with offspring BMI in both sexes, with mediation effects of 37.7 and 19.4% for boys and girls, respectively. CONCLUSION: Early maternal menarche was associated with greater offspring BMI. This study provides evidence for the intergenerational effect in the development of BMI in offspring. FAU - Wang, Hui
[Prospective Polish insulin pump therapy programme in children with type 1 diabetes].$$$ BACKGROUND: Continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) in pre-pubertal children with type 1 diabetes (T1DM) has been introduced in Polish Diabetic Centres since 2000. Due to the lack of education and treatment standards for CSII we have initiated the National Prospective Pump Programme (OPPLP) in the 16 Diabetic Centres in Poland. AIM: The aim of this programme was to prepare the paediatric diabetic centres for implementation of insulin pump treatment in children and assessment of the effectiveness of this treatment as compared to multiple daily injections. METHOD: The Programme has been conducted in 16 centres in two stages - the first from 2003 to2005 - included the education of Health Care Providers (HCP), and the second clinical data collection of patients and evaluation of treatment effectiveness on the basis of estimation of HbA1c in the Central Laboratory. Electronic net-work system - enCapture with central server was used. RESULTS: The HCP' education as well as the data collection system were assessed positively. CONCLUSION: The OPPLP can be the basis of a National Register of children with T1DM. The Register could be used also for cost effectiveness assessment of the patients with T1DM treatment. FAU - Pańkowska, Ewa
Declining incidence of severe retinopathy and persisting decrease of nephropathy in an unselected population of Type 1 diabetes-the Linköping Diabetes Complications Study.$$$ AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: In a previous study conducted over the last decades we found a decreased incidence of nephropathy but unchanged incidence of severe retinopathy among patients with Type 1 diabetes diagnosed in childhood and with 20 years duration of diabetes. The aim of our current study was to investigate the incidence 5 to 10 years later in the same population. METHODS: We studied all 269 patients in whom Type 1 diabetes was diagnosed in childhood between 1961 and 1985 in a district in southeastern Sweden. Ninety-one percent were monitored for retinopathy until at least 1997 and 95% were monitored for nephropathy. Severe retinopathy was defined as laser-treated retinopathy and nephropathy as persistent proteinuria. Survival analysis was used and the patients divided into five cohorts according to the time of onset of diabetes. RESULTS: The cumulative proportion of severe retinopathy had declined ( p=0.006). After 25 years it was 47% (95% CI 34-61), 28% (15-40) and 24% (12-36) in the cohorts 1961 to 1965, 1966 to 1970 and 1971 to 1975 respectively. After 30 years it was 53% (40-66) and 44% (28-59) in the oldest cohorts. The cumulative proportion of nephropathy after 25 years duration was 30% (18-42), 8% (1-16) and 13% (4-23) in the cohorts 1961 to 1965, 1966 to 1970 and 1971 to 1975 respectively. After 30 years, it was 32% (20-44) and 11% (2-20) for the oldest cohorts ( p<0.0001). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: In an unselected population with Type 1 diabetes diagnosed in childhood, modern diabetes care markedly reduced the incidence of severe retinopathy and nephropathy. FAU - Nordwall, M
Components of the metabolic syndrome are negative predictors of weight loss in obese children with lifestyle intervention.$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Insulin resistance has been proposed to be associated with weight gain in obesity. Therefore, we analyzed the impact of insulin resistance and its associated cardiovascular risk factors (CRFs) summarized in the Metabolic Syndrome (MetS) on change of weight status in obese children. METHODS: We analyzed 484 obese children who had participated in a lifestyle intervention and 533 obese children without lifestyle intervention. The changes of BMI-SDS in the time period of 1-year were related to baseline fasting insulin resistance index HOMA, blood pressure, waist circumference, waist-to-height ratio, lipids, uric acid, and HbA1c. RESULTS: In contrast to obese children without lifestyle intervention, BMI-SDS decreased and the majority of CRFs improved significantly in obese children with lifestyle intervention. Age, BMI, waist circumference, waist-to-height ratio, blood pressure, uric acid, triglycerides, and HOMA were negatively significantly related to reduction of BMI-SDS in children with lifestyle intervention. In multiple linear regression analysis adjusted for gender, pubertal stage, and treatment center (R² = 0.26), waist circumference (r = -0.016 [confidence interval -0.019 up to -0.013], p < 0.001) was the strongest negative predictor of weight loss in children with lifestyle intervention. In children without lifestyle intervention, we did not find significant relationships between change of BMI-SDS and CRFs including insulin resistance in multiple regression analysis. CONCLUSIONS: Insulin resistance and components of the MetS were associated negatively with weight loss in lifestyle intervention. Waist circumference at baseline was the strongest negative predictor of weight loss suggesting that obese children with abdominal fat distribution need more intensive interventions. This study is registered at clinicaltrials.gov (NCT00435734).
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and carotid atherosclerosis in children.$$$ Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is closely associated with several metabolic syndrome features, including obesity, dyslipidemia, insulin resistance, and increased cardiovascular risk. The present study was undertaken to assess whether NAFLD in children is associated with increased carotid artery intima-media thickness (IMT), a marker of early-generalized atherosclerosis. We analyzed carotid IMT along with serum triglycerides, total, low-density lipoprotein and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, glucose, insulin, insulin resistance index (as homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance), aminotransferases, leptin, and adiponectin in 29 obese children with NAFLD, 33 obese children without liver involvement, and 30 control children. The diagnosis and severity of NAFLD was based on ultrasound scan, after exclusion of infectious and metabolic disorders. Obese children with NAFLD had significantly increased carotid IMT [mean 0.58 (95% confidence intervals 0.54-0.62 mm)] than obese children without liver involvement [0.49 (0.46-0.52) mm; p = 0.001] and control children [0.40 (0.36-0.43) mm; p < 0.0005]. In a stepwise multiple regression model, after adjusting for age, gender, Tanner stage, and cardiovascular risk factors, the severity of fatty liver was significantly associated with maximum IMT (b = 0.08; p < 0.0005). Our results suggest that NAFLD is strongly associated with carotid atherosclerosis even in childhood. FAU - Pacifico, Lucia
Persisting obesity starting before puberty is associated with stable intraabdominal fat during adolescence.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To observe the evolution of intraabdominal adipose tissue (IAT) in obese prepubertal children, who did not change their degree of obesity during adolescence and to evaluate its relationship with metabolic risk indexes (RI). DESIGN: Longitudinal study of 16 obese adolescents (eight male and eight female) in whom relative body weight (RBW) did not change significantly and pubertal development was completed during the study period. MEASUREMENTS: Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scan at lumbar level (L4) three times during a 4 y period. At basal and at four years biochemical assays for metabolic indexes. RESULTS: IAT did not differ significantly over the three measurement times and showed significant correlations between first and second (r = 0.66, P < 0.005), first and third (r = 0.61, P < 0.01) and second and third values (r = 0.84, P < 0.0001). Subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) increased significantly from basal to third evaluation (P < 0.002). At baseline, IAT correlated significantly with lipids (total and LDL cholesterol r = 0.72, P < 0.004), while at the end of the study, IAT correlated positively with insulin (fasting insulin r = 0.55, P < 0.008, insulin area after oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) r = 0.60, P < 0.03, fasting insulin/glucose r = 0.67 P < 0.006) and negatively with high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol (r = -0.55, P < 0.04). CONCLUSIONS: Obesity achieved before puberty, and stable during adolescence, showed a relatively stable amount of IAT. In post pubertal children the relationship of IAT to clinically significant risk factors resemble the pattern in obese adults. FAU - Brambilla, P
Polycystic ovary syndrome in Iranian adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is linked with metabolic syndrome, which includes obesity, insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, and endocrine function in patients with PCOS. The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence of adolescent PCOS and characteristics associated with PCOS in adolescents in Babol, Iran. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted on 1549 girl high school students aged 16-20 years who were living in Iran. After overnight fasting, blood samples were collected to determine hormones and lipid levels in PCOS patients between the first and fifth days of their menstrual period or withdrawal bleeding. RESULTS: The overall prevalence of adolescent PCOS was 129 (8.3%) (95% CI; 4.0, 12.0). Irregular menstruation was observed in 24.1% of adolescents. A total of 68% of PCOS adolescents had insulin resistance. Compared with non-PCOS adolescents, the OR of adolescent PCOS for family history of hirsutism was 1.53 (95% CI, 1.06-2.20; p=0.024), family history of irregular menstrual cycle was 2.27 (95% CI, 1.56-3.30; p<0.001), menarche age <13 years was 1.95 (95% CI, 1.36-2.81; p<0.001), hirsutism was 1.14 (CI 95%, 1.10-1.17; p<0.001), acne was 5.10 (CI 95%, 3.52-7.40; p<0.001), and wrist circumference was 1.28 (CI 95%, 1.07-1.54; p=0.007). CONCLUSION: The presenting findings showed the high prevalence of PCOS among Iranian adolescents. Emphasis should be placed on clinical screening in adolescents with high-risk factors, including irregular menstrual, menarche <13 years, hirsutism, acne, high wrist circumference, and paternal obesity to help reduce the risk of developing metabolic disturbance and to find ways to improve long-term health. FAU - Esmaeilzadeh, Seddigheh
Variations in Morning Serum Cortisol Levels Based on Sex and Pubertal Status.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Patients with suspected adrenal insufficiency undergo screening with a serum morning cortisol level and confirmatory testing with an adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) stimulation test. However, much of the data collected to determine appropriate values for morning cortisol levels are derived from adult populations and may not accurately represent pediatric physiology. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the mean morning cortisol level in the pediatric population based on pubertal status and sex in order to better understand such influences on laboratory evaluation of adrenal insufficiency. METHODS: A retrospective chart review was conducted using electronic medical records of patients seen at Children's Mercy Kansas City from 11/01/2007 to 11/01/2017. Patients between 2 and 18 years of age who had pubertal staging assessed by a pediatric endocrinologist and confirmed adrenal sufficiency by high-dose ACTH stimulation testing were included. Two-sample Wilcoxon rank sum (Mann-Whitney) tests or t tests were used to compare morning cortisol levels between females and males - both independent of Tanner stage and by Tanner stage. Multivariable regression models were used to evaluate associations among covariates on two outcomes: morning cortisol levels and peak cortisol values with ACTH stimulation. RESULTS: Morning cortisol levels were greater in females than males independent of Tanner staging (p = 0.0054) and also in Tanner stage 1 (p = 0.0042). No differences in mean morning cortisol levels between Tanner stage 2-5 females and males were found (p = 0.4652). Morning cortisol levels were not significantly different between Tanner 1 patients and Tanner 2-5 patients independent of sex (p = 0.0575). Sex was predictive of serum morning cortisol levels (p = 0.015), and morning cortisol levels were predictive of peak cortisol levels during ACTH stimulation testing (p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that different normative cortisol values may need to be established for pediatric females and males, and by pubertal status. Larger prospective studies are needed to evaluate the role of sex and pubertal status in identifying adrenal insufficiency in the -pediatric population.
Fasting insulin sensitivity and post-oral glucose hyperinsulinaemia related to cardiovascular risk factors in adolescents with precocious pubarche.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Adolescents and young women with a history of precocious pubarche (PP, appearance of pubic hair before 8 years) exhibit hyperlipidaemia, and ovarian hyperandrogenism, indicating increased risk of coronary heart disease in the long term. The aim of this study was to determine the relative contribution of fasting insulin sensitivity, and post oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) measures of insulin secretion to metabolic risk markers of adult disease. PATIENTS AND DESIGN: We have analysed data from 51 young women presenting with isolated PP (age range, 5.9-19.0 years) in early, mid and late puberty and 68 puberty-matched controls (age range, 6.2-16.8 years). Body composition data from a further 67 girls with PP are also presented. MEASUREMENTS: The homeostasis model of assessment insulin sensitivity index (HOMA Si) based on fasting glucose and insulin measurements and MSI120 based on insulin levels over the first 120 min following standard oral glucose load were selected as measures of fasting insulin sensitivity and 0-120-min insulinaemia, respectively. ISI30 was used as an index of insulin secretion 30 min following oral glucose load. RESULTS: The physiological decrease in fasting insulin sensitivity, 30-min insulin secretion and 0-120-min insulinaemia during puberty were exaggerated in PP girls. The relationship between fasting insulin sensitivity and 0-120-min insulinaemia was similar in PP girls and in controls but at each level of fasting insulin sensitivity the PP girls had a higher level of insulin secretion in response to an oral glucose load (P < 0.001). Fasting insulin sensitivity and 0-120 minute insulinaemia but not 30-min insulin secretion were strongly related to known cardiovascular risk factors. In a multivariate model incorporating fasting insulin sensitivity, 0-120-min insulinaemia, pubertal stage and body mass index (BMI) SDS as covariates, 0-120-min insulinaemia was strongly associated with elevated free androgen index, total cholesterol and truncal fat mass (P < 0.001) whereas fasting insulin sensitivity was associated only with reduced free androgen index (P < 0.02). CONCLUSIONS: Chronic exposure to insulin as reflected by 0-120 min hyperinsulinaemia, rather than 30 min insulin secretion, or fasting insulin senstivity, was most closely related cardiovascular disease risk in girls with PP. FAU - Potau, Neus
The effects of valproate, carbamazepine, and oxcarbazepine on growth and sexual maturation in girls with epilepsy.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) have endocrine effects that may interfere with growth and sexual maturation in children. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of AEDs on growth and pubertal development in girls with epilepsy. STUDY DESIGN: Forty girls taking valproate (VPA), 19 girls taking carbamazepine (CBZ), and 18 girls taking oxcarbazepine (OXC) for epilepsy and 49 healthy control girls participated in the study, which included a cross-sectional clinical examination when the girls were 8 to 18 years old and a longitudinal growth analysis from the age of 1 year. RESULTS: VPA, CBZ, or OXC did not affect linear growth or pubertal development in girls with epilepsy. However, the patients taking VPA gained weight, and an increase in relative weight was seen in girls who started their medication before as well as during puberty. The body mass index of the VPA-treated girls (19.8 +/- 4.8 kg/m2) was higher than that of the control girls (18.0 +/- 2.5 kg/m2) at clinical examination. The weight of the girls taking CBZ or OXC for epilepsy was similar to that of the control girls. Plasma insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) levels were higher in girls treated with CBZ and OXC than in the control girls, but AEDs did not affect fasting serum insulin, IGF-binding protein-1, or IGF-binding protein-3 concentrations in girls on VPA, CBZ, or OXC medication during the period of exposure (average 2.8, 4.1, and 1.9 years, respectively) in this study. CONCLUSIONS: AEDs do not seem to have any adverse effects on linear growth or sexual maturation in girls with epilepsy. VPA-related weight gain can be seen already in prepuberty and it is not associated with hyperinsulinemia in these young patients. The clinical significance of high circulating concentrations of IGF-I in patients taking CBZ or OXC remains to be defined. FAU - Rättyä, J
Whole grain intake is associated with lower body mass and greater insulin sensitivity among adolescents.$$$ The authors tested the hypothesis that consumption of whole grain is associated with greater insulin sensitivity and lower body mass index (BMI) (weight (kg)/height (m)(2)) in adolescents and that this association is stronger among the heaviest adolescents. Two 127-item food frequency questionnaires were administered at the mean ages of 13 years (standard deviation 1.2) and 15 years (standard deviation 1.3) to 285 Minnesota adolescents who underwent two euglycemic insulin clamp studies 2 years apart as part of a protocol evaluating the influence of insulin resistance on development of adverse cardiovascular disease risk factors. Intake of whole grain was examined for associations with BMI and insulin sensitivity (measured as milligrams of glucose uptake per kilogram of lean body mass (M(lbm)) per minute). After adjustment for age, gender, race, Tanner stage, and energy intake, mean BMI was 23.6 for adolescents consuming less than serving/day of whole-grain foods, 22.6 for -1 servings/day, and 21.9 for more than 1 servings/day (p = 0.05). After adjustment for age, gender, race, Tanner stage, energy intake, BMI, and physical activity, M(lbm) was 11.6, 12.3, and 13.2 mg/kg/minute, respectively, in the three whole grain intake groups (p = 0.02). This relation was stronger among adolescents with higher BMIs (p = 0.001). Whole grain intake was associated with greater insulin sensitivity and lower BMI in adolescents, especially among the heaviest persons. FAU - Steffen, Lyn M
The RANKL rs12585014 polymorphism is associated with age at menarche in postmenopausal women with hip fracture.$$$ The RANK/RANKL/OPG signaling is important in the regulation of bone turnover. The aim of the present work was to analyze the rs3018362 and rs12585014 polymorphisms in the RANK and RANKL genes, as well as risk factors in postmenopausal women. Women with hip fracture, with femoral neck osteoporosis and controls (n = 646) were recruited. From these, 303 women who fulfill the inclusion criteria were genotyped using real-time PCR with TaqMan probes. There were no associations of the rs3018362 and rs12585014 with osteoporosis or fracture. When women were divided by age at menarche, the rs12585014 GG genotype was strongly associated with age at menarche >13 years [p = .00774, OR = 6.429 (1.907-21.103)] in women with hip fracture. Significant differences in risk factors such as body mass index, age at menopause, use of estrogens, the presence of hypertension, and diabetes mellitus were found. Carrying the GG genotype of rs12585014 entails a higher risk of having menarche later (>13 years), which could involves a greater risk of fractures. The rs3018362 and rs12585014 do not seem to be associated with hip osteoporosis or hip fracture in Mexican women. FAU - Casas-Avila, Leonora
Children recovered from malnutrition exhibit normal insulin production and sensitivity.$$$ Protein-energy malnutrition promotes adaptive hormonal changes that result in stunting. A previous study showed that stunted children had increased insulin sensitivity and diminished pancreatic beta-cell function. The objectives of the present study were to analyse the glucose, insulin, homeostasis model assessment of insulin sensitivity (HOMA-S) and homeostasis model assessment of pancreatic beta-cell function (HOMA-B) levels after nutritional recovery. The recovered group (n 62) consisted of malnourished children after treatment at a nutrition rehabilitation centre. At the beginning of treatment their age was 2.41 (sd 1.28) and 2.31 (sd 1.08) years, weight-for-age Z score - 2.09 (sd 0.94) and - 2.05 (sd 0.55) and height-for-age Z score - 1.85 (sd 1.11) and - 1.56 (sd 0.90), for boys and girls respectively. The control group consisted of well-nourished children without treatment (n 26). After treatment, boys of the recovered group gained 1.29 (sd 1.06) Z scores of height-for-age and 1.14 (sd 0.99) Z scores of weight-for-age, and girls, 1.12 (sd 0.91) and 1.21 (sd 0.74) Z scores respectively. No differences were found between control and recovered groups in insulin levels for boys (P = 0.704) and girls (P = 0.408), HOMA-B for boys (P = 0.451) and girls (P = 0.330), and HOMA-S (P = 0.765) for boys and girls (P = 0.456) respectively. The present study shows that the changes observed previously in glucose metabolism and insulin were reverted in children who received adequate treatment at nutritional rehabilitation centres and showed linear catch-up. FAU - Martins, Vinicius J B
Insulin resistance in adolescents with type 2 diabetes is associated with impaired exercise capacity.$$$ CONTEXT: The incidence of pediatric type 2 diabetes (T2D) is rising, with unclear effects on the cardiovascular system. Cardiopulmonary fitness, a marker of morbidity and mortality, is abnormal in adults with T2D, yet the mechanisms are incompletely understood. OBJECTIVE: We hypothesized that cardiopulmonary fitness would be reduced in youth with T2D in association with insulin resistance (IR) and cardiovascular dysfunction. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: We conducted a cross-sectional study at an academic hospital that included 14 adolescents (age range, 12-19 yr) with T2D, 13 equally obese adolescents and 12 lean adolescents similar in age, pubertal stage, and activity level. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Cardiopulmonary fitness was measured by peak oxygen consumption (VO(2)peak) and oxygen uptake kinetics (VO(2)kinetics), IR by hyperinsulinemic clamp, cardiac function by echocardiography, vascular function by venous occlusion plethysmography, body composition by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, intramyocellular lipid by magnetic resonance spectroscopy, and inflammation by serum markers. RESULTS: Adolescents with T2D had significantly decreased VO(2)peak and insulin sensitivity, and increased soleus intramyocellular lipid, C-reactive protein, and IL-6 compared to obese or lean adolescents. Adolescents with T2D also had significantly prolonged VO(2)kinetics, decreased work rate, vascular reactivity, and adiponectin, and increased left ventricular mass and fatty acids compared to lean adolescents. In multivariate linear regression analysis, IR primarily, and fasting free fatty acids and forearm blood flow secondarily, were significant independent predictors of VO(2)peak. CONCLUSIONS: Given the strong relationship between decreased cardiopulmonary fitness and increased mortality, these findings in children are especially concerning and represent early signs of impaired cardiac function. FAU - Nadeau, Kristen J
Heart rate variability in pubertal girls with type 1 diabetes: its relationship with glycaemic control, insulin resistance and hyperandrogenism.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine the association between glycaemic control, insulin resistance and hyperandrogenism on cardiac autonomic function in peripubertal girls with type 1 diabetes. DESIGN: Prospective, clinic-based study of 125 girls with diabetes and 46 age-matched nondiabetic girls. MEASUREMENTS: Heart rate variability (HRV) parameters derived from a 10-min ECG recording using LabChart Pro were as follows: standard deviation of mean NN intervals (SDNN), where NN = adjacent QRS complexes; root mean squared difference of successive NN intervals (RMSSD) - estimates of overall HRV; and low-/high-frequency (LF:HF) ratio - an estimate of the sympathovagal balance. Androgens and sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) were measured in girls with diabetes, and free androgen index (FAI) calculated. HRV and anthropometry were measured in nondiabetic controls. RESULTS: Adolescents with diabetes (median age 15·1 years [13·3-16·0], diabetes duration 7·0 years [4·6-10·0] and median HbA1c 8·4% [7·5-9·3]) had higher HR and lower HRV compared with controls. Using multivariate models in the diabetes group, higher HR was associated with higher HbA1c, total daily dose insulin/kg body weight and systolic BP standard deviation scores (SDS), whilst reduced HRV was associated with higher HbA1c (SDNN, RMSSD and LF:HF ratio), lower SHBG (SDNN and RMSSD) and higher weight SDS (LF:HF ratio). Higher FAI was associated with higher HR and reduced HRV measures in the univariate analyses only. CONCLUSIONS: In adolescent girls with diabetes, reduced HRV parameters are associated with worse glycaemic control, lower SHBG and higher weight SDS. SHBG should be considered in the cardiac risk models for this population.
The relationship between microalbuminuria and glomerular filtration rate in young type 1 diabetic subjects: The Oxford Regional Prospective Study.$$$ BACKGROUND: The purpose of this study was to examine the relationship between glomerular filtration rate (GFR) measured at 5 years' diabetes duration and annual urine albumin excretion in a prospective cohort of children with type 1 diabetes (T1DM). METHODS: Three hundred and eight children were followed from diagnosis of T1DM [aged 9.8 years (range 0.4-15.9) for a median duration of 10.9 years (6.0-17.8) with annual assessments comprising measurement of HbA1(c) and 3 urine samples for albumin:creatinine ratio (ACR). GFR was measured in all children at 5 years' diabetes duration. RESULTS: Two hundred forty-three (78.8%) subjects were normoalbuminuric (MA-) for the duration of the study. At 5 years: 35 (11.4%) subjects had MA (MA+) and 30 (9.7%) subjects were normoalbuminuric but developed MA during subsequent follow-up annual assessments (future MA+). In the future MA+ group compared to the MA+ and MA- groups; GFR was higher (167 vs. 134 vs. 139 mL/min/1.73 m(2), P < 0.002); the prevalence of hyperfiltration (GFR >125 mL/min/1.73 m(2)) was greater (97 vs. 57 vs. 64%, P= 0.006) and HbA1c levels were higher (11.4 vs. 10.8 vs. 9.7%, P < 0.001). The probability (Cox Model) of having hyperfiltration at 5 years' duration was related to puberty (a 1.7-fold increased risk with puberty onset) and poor glycemic control (a 10% increased risk for a 1% increase in HbA1c). Comparing subjects with and without hyperfiltration, prior to the first GFR measurement no difference in ACR levels existed; however, after this time median ACR levels were significantly greater [1.2 (0.1-86.4) vs. 0.9 (0.1-71.6) mg/mmol, P= 0.003], independent of age and HbA1c levels. The probability of developing MA between 5 and 10 years' duration was associated with poor glycemic control (a 30% increased risk for a 1% increase in HbA1c) and higher GFR at 5 years (22% increased risk for a 10 mL/min/1.73 m(2) rise in GFR). CONCLUSION: Glomerular hyperfiltration is associated with puberty and increasing ACR levels and is predictive of MA independent of HbA1c. This suggests that factors other than poor glycemic control may be involved in the pathogenesis of early diabetic nephropathy and early intervention with medical therapy to reduce GFR may be beneficial even before onset of MA. FAU - Amin, Rakesh
Link between chemerin, central obesity, and parameters of the Metabolic Syndrome: findings from a longitudinal study in obese children participating in a lifestyle intervention.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Chemerin has been suggested as a potential link between obesity and associated comorbidities in humans. Therefore, we studied the relationships between chemerin, parameters of fat mass, and Metabolic Syndrome (MetS) in obese children before and after weight reduction. METHODS: We determined chemerin, bioactive leptin (bioLep), BMI-SDS, waist circumference (WC), body fat based on skinfold measurements and bioimpedance analyses, lipids, transaminases, insulin resistance index HOMA, and blood pressure in 88 obese children participating in a lifestyle intervention at baseline and 1 year later. Furthermore, we determined chemerin concentrations in 23 normal-weight children. RESULTS: Obese children demonstrated significantly (p < 0.001) higher chemerin concentrations compared to normal-weight children (96.2 ± 23.0 versus 63.1 ± 12.4 ng/ml). The chemerin concentrations were not related to age or gender. Prepubertal children had higher (p = 0.024) chemerin concentrations than pubertal children (71.0 ± 13.4 versus 58.0 ± 8.9 ng/ml). Weight loss was associated with a decrease of chemerin (-14.0 ± 22.0 ng/ml; p < 0.001) and an improvement of all parameters of the MetS. Chemerin was significantly related to BMI-SDS, WC, and bioLep in cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses. Chemerin and its changes were significantly related to insulin, HDL-cholesterol, triglycerides and their changes in multiple linear regression analyses adjusted to age, gender, pubertal stage, leptin and BMI. CONCLUSIONS: Since chemerin was related to parameters of central fat mass and MetS both in cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses these findings suggest an impact of chemerin on factors of the MetS in obese children. FAU - Niklowitz, Petra
Hyperandrogenism and hyperinsulinism in children of women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a controlled study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Hyperandrogenia and insulin resistance are heritable family traits, likely to cluster in children of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) mothers. DESIGN: We performed a case control study of PCOS children (n = 32) compared with children from control women (n = 38) for reproductive and metabolic abnormalities, stratifying results by three Tanner stage groupings. The children underwent history and physical examinations, a 3-h timed urine collection, a 2-h oral glucose tolerance test, and abdominal ultrasound examination (females only). Serum was obtained in older children (age > 8 yr) who consented. RESULTS: Urine LH levels were significantly lower in the Tanner IV-V PCOS girls compared with controls (P = 0.04). Urine testosterone levels were significantly elevated in Tanner II-III PCOS boys compared with controls (P = 0.007). There were no significant differences in dehydroepiandrosterone levels. We validated the correlation between salivary and serum levels of insulin (insulin areas under the curve) in an adult population [n =30, Pearson correlation coefficient (r) = 0.67; P < 0.0001], which also replicated in the children (2-h insulin r = 0.57; P = 0.0004). Mean area under the curve salivary insulin levels were significantly higher in the Tanner IV-V PCOS girls in the later stages of puberty when compared with controls (3625 +/- 1372 vs. 1766 +/- 621 min x muU/ml, 95% confidence interval 475-3242; P < 0.02). CONCLUSIONS: Hyperinsulinism may be a familial characteristic of PCOS children (or at least girls) but does not appear until the later stages of puberty. Other reproductive abnormalities that characterize PCOS may develop later. FAU - Kent, Sarah C
Cardiopulmonary Dysfunction and Adiponectin in Adolescents With Type 2 Diabetes.$$$ BACKGROUND: Myocardial mechanics are altered in adults with obesity and type 2 diabetes (T2D); insulin resistance and adipokines have been implicated as important risk factors for cardiovascular disease, but these relationships are poorly described in adolescents. We hypothesized that obese adolescents and adolescents with T2D would have abnormal cardiac function compared to lean adolescents. In addition, we hypothesized that insulin sensitivity (IS), adiposity, and adipokines would be associated with altered cardiac strain and cardiopulmonary fitness in adolescents with T2D. METHODS AND RESULTS: Adolescents (15±2 years) with T2D (n=37), obesity without diabetes (n=41), and lean controls (n=31) of similar age and pubertal stage underwent echocardiography with speckle tracking, assessment of IS by hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp, body composition by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, peak oxygen consumption (VO2peak) by cycle ergometry, adiponectin, and leptin. Compared to lean and to obese controls, adolescents with T2D had significantly lower cardiac circumferential strain (CS) (-18.9±4.6 [T2D] versus -21.5±3.5 [obese] versus -22.0±4.2% [lean], P=0.04) and VO2peak (37.6±7.5 [T2D] versus 43.4±8.2 [obese] versus 47.6±8.6 mL/lean kg/min [lean], P<0.0001). In T2D youth, VO2peak was associated with CS, and the association remained significant after adjusting for age, sex, and IS (β±SE: -0.73±0.26, P=0.02). Among adolescents with T2D, CS was also associated with adiponectin, longitudinal strain with leptin, and VO2peak with adiponectin and IS. CONCLUSIONS: Adolescents with T2D had abnormal CS and reduced VO2peak compared to obese and lean controls, which may represent the earliest evidence of cardiac functional impairment in T2D. Low adiponectin, rather than conventional risk factors and IS, correlated with CS, while both adiponectin and IS related to cardiopulmonary fitness.
Developmental processes associated with longitudinal declines in parental responsibility and adherence to type 1 diabetes management across adolescence.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To identify whether changes in pubertal status and self-efficacy for diabetes management are associated with longitudinal declines in parental responsibility for diabetes, and to determine whether these factors moderate associations between declining parental responsibility and deteriorating adherence across adolescence. METHODS: Adolescents (N = 252; 53.6% females) with type 1 diabetes, mothers, and 188 fathers participated in a 2.5-year longitudinal study. Self-reports of pubertal status, adolescent efficacy, parental responsibility, and adherence were completed every 6 months (6 time points). RESULTS: Latent growth curve modeling revealed that longitudinal increases in efficacy and pubertal maturation were uniquely associated with longitudinal declines in parental responsibility. Declines in parental responsibility were related to deterioration in adherence especially when adolescents did not report concomitant growth in self-efficacy. CONCLUSIONS: Transfer of responsibility for diabetes management across adolescence may be more optimal when adolescents' increased independence is titrated to their changing self-efficacy beliefs.
Interplay between metabolic and thyroid parameters in obese pubertal children. Does visceral adipose tissue make the first move?$$$ Objectives: The mechanisms of obesity-associated thyroid dysfunction in children are incompletely deciphered. We aimed to evaluate whether visceral adipose tissue (VAT), insulin resistance (IR), inflammation, oxidative stress (OS) are involved in thyroid morpho-functional changes in pubertal obese children. Methods: We recruited 43 obese pubertal children without history of thyroid pathology. Metabolic and thyroid parameters (visceral fat thickness [VFT], waist/hip ratio [WHR], waist/height ratio [WHtR], insulin, glucose, liver parameters, thyroid stimulation hormone [TSH], free thyroxine [FT4], free triiodothyronine [FT3], thyroid and abdominal ultrasonography) were evaluated. Serum monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) and malondialdehyde (MDA) levels were quantified as markers of inflammation and OS. Results: VFT correlated positively both with WHR (p= 0.034) and the presence of thyroid nodules (p= 0.036). WHR associated with TSH (p= 0.005), FT3/FT4 (p= 0.033) and was independently associated with FT3/FT4 increase (p< 0.001). HOMA-IR increased with visceral obesity (waist circumference, p= 0.001; WHR, p= 0.018; WHtR: p< 0.001), hepatic impairment (alanine aminotransferase, p= 0.019) and hepatic steatosis (HS; p= 0.013) and correlated positively with FT3/FT4 (p= 0.036). TSH was significantly higher in subjects with HS versus those without HS (p= 0.007) and logistic regression analysis identified TSH as a risk factor for HS (p= 0.014). MDA correlated positively with MCP-1 (p= 0.021). Conclusion: VAT and IR may be responsible for changes in thyroid parameters associated with obesity: elevated TSH, FT3/FT4 levels and increased prevalence of thyroid nodules. WHR was predictive of increased FT3/FT4. In obese children, there is an interdependent relationship between HS and thyroid function. FAU - Răcătăianu, Nicoleta
Microalbuminuria as a marker of cardiovascular and renal risk in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a temporal perspective.$$$ Microalbuminuria is a marker for diabetic nephropathy. It also signifies cardiovascular disease, as well as nephropathy, in type 2 diabetes (DM2). Microalbuminuria may precede DM2, occurring with the insulin resistance syndrome and its components, including obesity and hypertension. Other indicators of cardiovascular risk, such as markers of inflammation, are associated with microalbuminuria in populations of patients with and without diabetes. With the rising prevalence of DM2 in minority youth, especially in Native Americans, a marker for future disease risk would allow earlier prevention strategies to be tested. Before microalbuminuria can be used in a prevention strategy, more needs to be known about the mechanism(s) of the association between elevated excretion, its relationship to glucose intolerance, and its relative contribution to cardiovascular and renal disease. These questions are especially applicable as we begin to observe the long-term complications of diabetes in youth. FAU - Lane, James T
[Epidemiological aspects of corpus carcinoma].$$$ In a case-control-study an epidemiological investigation of cancer of the endometrium was carried out. 407 patients with cancer of the endometrium were compared with a control group of 450 women. The patients with endometrial cancer differed from the control group in the following manner: Significantly higher incidence of diabetes mellitus and hypertension. Overweight could not be printed out reliably, but there are so many corresponding statements in literature about a higher degree of overweight that there could be no doubt about it. Furthermore the patients with carcinoma of the uterine corpus had an earlier menarche, a later menopause, a smaller number of deliveries and more menstrual abnormalities. They were more exposed to radiation in the pelvis, the incidence of malignant tumors was higher in their families. So factors of high risk related to cancer of the endometrium could be defined. FAU - Lau, H U
Long-term endocrinologic complications of cystinosis.$$$ AIM: Cystinosis is a rare autosomal recessive disorder that is characterized by defective cystine transport from lysosomes to cytoplasm and cystine crystal accumulation damaging many organs and tissues especially kidneys but extrarenal systems such as endocrine system. We aim to investigate endocrinologic complications of cystinosis METHODS: In our study, twenty one patients were reviewed retrospectively for endocrinologic complications. RESULTS: Eighteen (85.7%) had short stature, out of nine patients who reached pubertal age, five (55.5%) had pubertal delay, five patients (23.8%) had overt hypothyroidism and five patients (23.8%) had subclinical hypothyroidism with only elevated thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) levels, seven (33.3%) had glucose intolerance, two (9.5%) had diabetes mellitus. Relation of these complications to age, renal functions and the dosage of cysteamine were studied. CONCLUSION: Endocrinologic complications of cystinosis can be seen in pediatric population and it is important to understand underlying mechanisms. FAU - Gultekingil Keser, A
The effect of obesity on testicular function by insulin-like factor 3, inhibin B, and leptin concentrations in obese adolescents according to pubertal stages.$$$ OBJECTIVES: The aim of the present study is to investigate the effect of obesity on testicular function by evaluating reproductive hormones, inhibinB, insulin-like 3(INSL3), and leptin, in obese and non-obese adolescents according to pubertal Tanner stages. DESIGN AND METHODS: Eighty adolescent boys were grouped (n=20) as; Group1: obese-Tanner2, Group2: non-obese-Tanner2, Group3: obese-Tanner4, Group4: non-obese-Tanner4. Serum INSL3, luteinizing hormone, follicle-stimulating hormone, total testosterone, free testosterone, estradiol, sex hormone binding globulin, inhibin B and leptin levels were assessed in all groups. RESULTS: INSL3 levels were significantly lower in obese adolescents compared to non-obese boys (p=0.003, Tanner2) and (p=0.031, Tanner4). There was a negative correlation between INSL3 and leptin (r=-0.468, p=0.001). The negative correlation between INSL3 and BMISDS indicates that pubertal obesity leads to Leydig cell impairment. CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrated for the first time in the literature that obesity effects testicular Leydig cell function starting from Tanner stage 2.
Growth, development, puberty and adult height of patients with congenital multiple pituitary hormone deficiencies.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Congenital MPHD is a rare condition caused by mutations in pituitary transcription factors genes: PROP1, POU1F1 (PIT1), HESX1, LHX3, LHX4. DESIGN: We evaluated in a retrospective study the effects on growth and development in 29 patients with congenital MPHD (cMPHD), during hGH replacement therapy alone and combined with sex hormones. Twenty nine patients with cMPHD were included and diagnosed, treated and followed in our clinic from diagnosis to adult age. Measurements on growth and development were taken by the same medical team. RESULTS: Mean birth weight of 21/29 neonates was 3126 ± 536 g. Mean birth length of 7/29 neonates was 48.7 ± 2 cm. Neuromotor development was normal or slightly delayed. Mean age at referral was 9.5 ± 7 years (m), 6.7 ± 3.5 years (f) (p=0.17). Height (SDS) before treatment was -2.8 ± 1.0 (m), -2.8 ± 1.0 (f) (p=0.99). Mean age at initiation of hGH treatment was 9.9 ± 6.7 years (m), 10.3 ± 4.2 years (f) (p=0.85). Mean age at initiation of sex hormone treatment was 17.0 ± 3.5 years (m), 17.1 ± 2.3 years (f) (p=0.88). Penile and testicular sizes were below normal before and after treatment. Head circumference (SD) was -1.9 ± 0.9 before and -0.6 ± 1.8 at end of treatment (p<0.001). Adult height (SDS) reached -1.1 ± 0.6 (p<0.001) for both males and females. CONCLUSION: Despite the multiple pituitary hormone deficiencies including hGH, children with congenital MPHD present with a better auxological development than children with congenital IGHD or congenital IGF-1 deficiency. These findings may be due to irregular and incomplete hormone deficiencies increasing with progressive age and late initiation of puberty.
Adiposity, chronic inflammation, and the prepubertal decline of sex hormone binding globulin in children: evidence for associations with the timing of puberty (Earlybird 58).$$$ BACKGROUND: The regulation and role of SHBG in children are poorly defined. Here we investigated whether adiposity-related mechanisms regulate SHBG and whether SHBG levels are associated with the age of puberty. METHODS: Longitudinal modelling of annual physiological and endocrine measurements from age 5 to 15 years in a cohort of 347 Plymouth schoolchildren. RESULTS: SHBG levels were highest at age 5 years and then declined. Mean (SE) SHBG levels were higher in boys than girls at age 5 years [mean (SE) difference 7.68 (3.80) nmol/L; P = .045] but lower in boys by age 15 years [difference 12.19 (3.4) nmol/L; P < .001]. SHBG correlated inversely with adiposity [body mass index SD score (BMI SDS)], insulin, IGF-I, C-reactive protein (CRP), and leptin and positively with adiponectin but not with dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate, androstenedione, or T. In linear mixed models, five adiposity-related covariates (insulin, leptin, adiponectin, IGF-I, and CRP) all exerted significant main effects on SHBG (boys P = .04 to < .001; girls P = .007 to < .001). However, the further addition of BMI SDS rendered the effects of leptin, insulin, and adiponectin nonsignificant, whereas CRP and IGF-I remained significant. In separate models, the individual effects on SHBG of insulin, leptin, IGF-I, and adiponectin, but not CRP, were displaced by BMI SDS. Finally, in linear regression, BMI SDS little affected R(2) resulting from the five adiposity-related signals. Girls with lower SHBG levels at age 5 years reached Tanner stage 2 earlier, tended to have earlier LH secretion, and earlier age at peak height velocity and menarche. In contrast, boys with lower SHBG levels at age 5 years reached Tanner stage 2 earlier, but there were no relationships between SHBG and earlier onset of LH secretion or age at peak height velocity. CONCLUSIONS: Adiposity-related endocrine mechanisms and chronic inflammation were associated with the prepubertal decline of SHBG, and lower SHBG levels anticipated earlier puberty. These findings may be relevant to the occurrence of earlier puberty in recent decades. FAU - Pinkney, Jonathan
Male predominance of type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus in young adults: results from a 5-year prospective nationwide study of the 15-34-year age group in Sweden.$$$ The incidence of diabetes mellitus in Sweden in the 15-34 year age group was prospectively studied on a nationwide basis, beginning 1 January 1983. A total of 1,214 male and 720 female cases of newly-diagnosed (excluding gestational) diabetes were reported over a 5-year period. This corresponds to an incidence of 20.5 per 100,000/year in male subjects and 12.7 per 100,000/year in female subjects. Most cases were classified as Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes, with an incidence of 15.9 in males and 8.6 in females. The incidence of Type 1 diabetes decreased gradually with age, while the incidence of Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes increased. A male predominance was found in all age groups, with a male-to-female ratio of 1.8:1 for Type 1 diabetes and 1.3:1 for Type 2 diabetes. Maximum blood glucose concentration at diagnosis was significantly higher in males than in females in both Type 1 and Type 2 diabetic subjects. In contrast, the percent desirable weight was significantly higher in females, both in Type 1 and Type 2 diabetic subjects. The difference in diabetes incidence therefore cannot be attributed to any methodological error. The present finding of a marked male predominance after puberty in Type 1 diabetes in an ethnically quite homogeneous population supports the hypothesis that environmental risk factors and life-style are important for the development of the disease. FAU - Blohmé, G
Lactation, female hormones and age-related macular degeneration: the Tromsø Study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Some risk factors for age-related macular degeneration (AMD) have been shown to act differently in women and men. The present study aims to investigate this disparity by examining associations between female hormones, reproductive history and AMD. METHODS: Women aged 65-87 years were invited to this cross-sectional, population-based study in Norway. Participants underwent physical examination, retinal photography, answered questionnaires and had blood samples taken. RESULTS: The sample included 1512 women, of whom 48 (3.2%) had late AMD and 378 (25%) had large drusen >125 μm phenotype. Length of breast feeding per child was significantly associated with late AMD (OR per month 0.80, 95% CI 0.68 to 0.94) in multivariable regression analysis. We observed no associations between late AMD or drusen >125 μm and contraceptives, oral hormonal replacement therapy, parity, age at first childbirth, age of menarche, age of menopause, number of menstruating years or the reason for menopause. CONCLUSIONS: Longer duration of lactation was associated with lower frequency of maternal late AMD when controlled for confounders. Other reproductive factors and hormone replacement therapy were not significantly associated with AMD. FAU - Erke, Maja G
Time course and determinants of leptin decline during weight loss in obese boys and girls.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether changes in leptin concentrations during weight loss can be explained by gender, puberty, baseline adiposity and changes in adiposity, body composition, rate of weight loss, physical activity and insulin concentrations. DESIGN: A longitudinal study with 9 repeated measures during a 12-week weight loss programme. SUBJECTS: Fifty-three boys and 62 girls (7.9-15.2 years) with body mass index (BMI) standard deviation scores (SDS) of median 2.78 and 2.70, respectively. MEASUREMENTS: Height, weight, fat mass percentage assessed by bioimpedance, Tanner stages, testicular size, physical activity scores, blood leptin (ng/ml) and insulin concentrations (pmol/l) were measured at baseline, and except for Tanner stage and testicular size, repeated regularly during the programme. RESULTS: The weight loss was accompanied by a steep decline in leptin concentrations during the first 10-11 days, followed by a less steep decline until day 82. Leptin declined to 39% in boys and 51% in girls of the level that was expected given the relationship at baseline between leptin and BMI SDS, and the BMI SDS changes during weight loss. The biphasic leptin decline was independent of gender, puberty, baseline adiposity or concomitant changes in BMI SDS, fat mass percentage, rate of weight loss, physical activity scores or insulin concentrations. CONCLUSION: The biphasic leptin decline, which exceeded the level expected, was independent of puberty, baseline adiposity and changes in adiposity, body composition, rate of weight loss, physical activity scores and insulin concentrations. The dissociation of the leptin-weight relationship during weight loss may contribute to the general leptin variability in obese subjects. FAU - Holm, Jens-Christian
Maternal gestational diabetes, birth weight, and adolescent obesity.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Obesity increases risk of many adverse outcomes, but its early origins are obscure. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) reflects a metabolically altered fetal environment associated with high birth weight, itself associated with later obesity. Previous studies of GDM and offspring obesity, however, have been few and conflicting. The objectives of this study were to examine associations of birth weight and GDM with adolescent body mass index (BMI) and to determine the extent to which the effect of GDM is explained by its influence on birth weight or by maternal adiposity. METHODS: We conducted a survey of 7981 girls and 6900 boys, 9 to 14 years of age, who are participants in the Growing Up Today Study, a US nationwide study of diet, activity, and growth. In 1996, participants reported height, weight, diet, activity, and other variables by self-administered mailed questionnaire. We linked these data with information reported by their mothers, participants in the Nurses' Health Study II, including GDM, height, current weight, and child's birth weight. We excluded births <34 weeks' gestation and mothers who had preexisting diabetes. We defined overweight as BMI (kg/m(2)) >95th percentile, and at risk for overweight as 85th to 95th percentile, for age and gender from US national data. RESULTS: Mean birth weight was 3.4 kg for girls and 3.6 kg for boys. Among the 465 subjects whose mothers had GDM, 17.1% were at risk for overweight and 9.7% were overweight in early adolescence. In the group without maternal diabetes, these estimates were 14.2% and 6.6%, respectively. In multiple logistic regression analysis, controlling for age, gender, and Tanner stage, the odds ratio for adolescent overweight for each 1-kg increment in birth weight was 1.4 (95% confidence interval: 1.2-1.6). Adjustment for physical activity, television watching, energy intake, breastfeeding duration, mother's BMI, and other maternal and family variables reduced the estimate to 1.3 (1.1-1.5). For offspring of mothers with GDM versus no diabetes, the odds ratio for adolescent overweight was 1.4 (1.1-2.0), which was unchanged after controlling for energy balance and socioeconomic factors. Adjustment for birth weight slightly attenuated the estimate (1.3; 0.9-1.9); adjustment for maternal BMI reduced the odds ratio to 1.2 (0.8-1.7). CONCLUSIONS: Higher birth weight predicted increased risk of overweight in adolescence. Having been born to a mother with GDM was also associated with increased adolescent overweight. However, the effect of GDM on offspring obesity seemed only partially explained by its influence on birth weight, and adjustment for mother's own BMI attenuated the GDM associations. Our results only modestly support a causal role of altered maternal-fetal glucose metabolism in the genesis of obesity in the offspring. Alternatively, GDM may program risk for a postnatal insult leading to obesity, or it may merely be a risk marker, not in the causal pathway. FAU - Gillman, Matthew W
Growth hormone-binding proteins, IGF-I and IGF-binding proteins in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ Growth hormone binding proteins, insulin-like growth factor I and insulin-like growth factor binding proteins were determined in 54 children and adolescents affected by type 1 diabetes mellitus (25 prepubertal and 29 pubertal) showing reduced height velocity and the results were compared to those of 104 matched controls. Growth hormone binding proteins were similar in prepubertal and pubertal subjects but were significantly lower in the prepubertal diabetic group than in controls. Insulin-like growth factor I was low both in prepubertal and pubertal diabetic subjects. Insulin-like growth factor binding protein 3 was similar to controls, while insulin-like growth factor binding protein 1 and 2 were always high in diabetic children. Insulin-like growth factor binding protein 4 was high only in the prepubertal diabetic group. In conclusion, a low insulin-like growth factor I in diabetic children seems to depend on a GH receptor and/or a postreceptor defect. A low insulin-like growth factor I together with a normal insulin-like growth factor binding protein 3 and high levels of insulin-like growth factor binding proteins 1, 2 and 4 results in a reduced bioavailability of insulin-like growth factor I to target tissues. This could be a possible contributing factor to the reduced height velocity seen in our diabetic children. FAU - Radetti, G
Height growth velocity, islet autoimmunity and type 1 diabetes development: the Diabetes Autoimmunity Study in the Young.$$$ AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Larger childhood body size and rapid growth have been associated with increased type 1 diabetes risk. We analysed height, weight, BMI and velocities of growth in height, weight and BMI, for association with development of islet autoimmunity (IA) and type 1 diabetes. METHODS: Since 1993, the Diabetes Autoimmunity Study in the Young (DAISY) has followed children at increased type 1 diabetes risk, based on HLA-DR, -DQ genotype or family history, for the development of IA and type 1 diabetes. IA was defined as the presence of autoantibodies to insulin, GAD or protein tyrosine phosphatase islet antigen 2 twice in succession, or autoantibody-positive on one visit and diabetic at the next consecutive visit within 1 year. Type 1 diabetes was diagnosed by a physician. Height and weight were collected starting at age 2 years. Of 1,714 DAISY children <11.5 years of age, 143 developed IA and 21 progressed to type 1 diabetes. We conducted Cox proportional hazards analysis to explore growth velocities and size measures for association with IA and type 1 diabetes development. RESULTS: Greater height growth velocity was associated with IA development (HR 1.63, 95% CI 1.31-2.05) and type 1 diabetes development (HR 3.34, 95% CI 1.73-6.42) for a 1 SD difference in velocity. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Our study suggests that greater height growth velocity may be involved in the progression from genetic susceptibility to autoimmunity and then to type 1 diabetes in pre-pubertal children. FAU - Lamb, M M
High prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes: a population-based study.$$$ AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The risk of dying of cardiovascular disease (CVD) before the age of 40 years is increased nearly 20-fold in patients with type 1 diabetes compared with non-diabetic persons. The aim of this study was to evaluate the prevalence of CVD risk factors in a population-based study of children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes. METHODS: CVD risk factors were examined according to the American Diabetes Association criteria in 2005. Of 26 paediatric clinics in Norway, 25 participated with 1,658 patients, 85% of those eligible. Mean age was 13.1 years and mean diabetes duration 5.7 years. RESULTS: HbA(1c) was above the target level in 71.4%. A positive family history of early CVD and/or diabetes was found in 33% of participants. LDL-cholesterol was >2.6 mmol/l in 34.5% and HDL-cholesterol was <1.1 mmol/l in 6.9% of participants. Blood pressure was above the 90th percentile by age, sex and height in 7% and above the 95th percentile in 4% of participants. Four per cent of participants were obese, 3% of those >or=12 years of age reported smoking and 1% of all participants had persistent microalbuminuria. Only 0.2% of the patients were receiving statin and 0.3% anti-hypertensive treatments. Dietary habits and physical activity level were evaluated in some patients. Almost all had higher intake of dietary fat and lower intake of fibre than recommended. A large part was less active and watched more TV than recommended. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Of the participants, 86% had at least one, 45% at least two and 15% at least three CVD risk factors. Few patients were treated with statins and anti-hypertensive drugs. FAU - Margeirsdottir, H D
Genetic interaction among three genomic regions creates distinct contributions to early- and late-onset type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ There are two peaks in the distribution of the age of onset of type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM)--the first in early childhood and the second at the time of puberty. Although T1DM results from the interaction of genetic and non-genetic factors, it has not been established which factors contribute to the bimodal distribution. The genetic component of T1DM is in large part related to genes from the human leukocyte antigen (HLA) complex (IDDM1); however, loci from the variable nucleotide tandem repeat (VNTR) region of the insulin (INS) gene (IDDM2) and more recently, the cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated protein-4 region (CTLA4, IDDM12) have also been implicated. Therefore, we examined the potential interaction between these loci through the influence of the age of onset of T1DM in diabetic and control Caucasian individuals. We discovered that younger individuals with HLA-DRB1*0301/DRB1*04 and INS I/I genotypes exhibited increased susceptibility to T1DM, whereas the interaction of INS I/I and CTLA4 G/G genotypes was more common in older children with T1DM. Combining the age of onset of T1DM with specific genotypes may operate to produce a single disease through different underlying causes. FAU - Felner, Eric I
Prospective associations of dietary insulin demand, glycemic index, and glycemic load during puberty with body composition in young adulthood.$$$ BACKGROUND: Puberty is a so-called critical period for overweight development and is characterized by physiological insulin resistance during mid-puberty. This study addressed the hypothesis that habitual consumption of a diet inducing higher levels of postprandial glycemia or insulinemia during puberty may have an unfavorable effect on the body composition in young adulthood. METHODS: Multivariate regression analysis was performed on 262 participants of the Dortmund Nutritional and Anthropometric Longitudinally Designed Study with at least two 3-day weighed dietary records during puberty (baseline: girls 9-14 years; boys 10-15 years) and anthropometric measurements in young adulthood (18-25 years). A published dietary glycemic index was assigned to each carbohydrate-containing food. Similarly, each food was assigned a food insulin index (insulinemic response to a 1 MJ portion of food relative to 1 MJ of glucose) using 121 values measured at Sydney University. RESULTS: Dietary glycemic index or glycemic load during puberty was not related to body composition in young adulthood. In contrast, a higher dietary insulin index and a higher dietary insulin load during puberty were associated with higher levels of percentage of body fat (%BF) in young adulthood, even after adjustment for early life, socioeconomic and nutritional factors; %BF in energy-adjusted tertiles of dietary insulin index were 22.9 (95% confidence intervals (CI): 21.6, 24.1), 24.5 (23.2, 25.7), 24.7 (23.5, 25.9) %, P (for trend)=0.01; %BF in energy-adjusted tertiles of dietary insulin load were 22.8 (95% CI: 21.5, 24.0), 24.5 (23.2, 25.7), 24.8 (23.6, 26.0) %, P (for trend)=0.01. Adjustment for baseline %BF attenuated these relationships (P (for trend)=0.1 and=0.08, respectively). Dietary insulin demand was not related to body mass index. CONCLUSION: This study suggests a prospective adverse influence of dietary insulin demand during puberty on %BF in young adulthood. Postprandial increases in insulinemia rather than increases in glycemia appear to be implicated in an unfavorable development of body composition. FAU - Joslowski, G
Elevated serum insulin-like growth factor 1 in recurrent aphthous stomatitis.$$$ Over 100 million Americans experience recurrent aphthous stomatitis (RAS) at some point in life. To develop targeted drugs for RAS treatment, it is critical to identify its etiology. We determined if serum insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) and related factors are associated with RAS, because both RAS prevalence and IGF-1 are highest during puberty. We analyzed data from 1,480 Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey participants aged 20-40 years. Participants with a history of diabetes or lupus, cotinine levels 6 ng/ml or higher or glycemia 110 mg/dl or higher were excluded. We compared levels of IGF-1, IGFBP-3, leptin, and insulin in participants with a positive vs. negative RAS history in the prior 12 months. We used logistic regression in SAS/SUDAAN to account for the complex sampling design. The odds of a positive RAS history were 1.31 times higher for every 100 ng/ml increase in serum IGF-1. This association persisted after adjustment for age, race/ethnicity, medication intake, body mass index, insulin, leptin, glycemia, and income (adjusted OR = 1.30, 95% CI [1.06, 1.60]; p = 0.013). The odds of a positive RAS history were also higher among non-Hispanic white compared with non-Hispanic black participants (adjusted OR = 4.37, 95% CI [3.00, 6.38]). Leptin, IGFBP-3, and insulin levels did not differ by RAS status. The significantly higher IGF-1 levels in participants with a positive RAS history compared with controls suggest a possible role of the IGF-1 pathway in RAS etiology. FAU - Baccaglini, Lorena
A cross-sectional study of metabolic and endocrine complications in beta-thalassemia major.$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Iron overload is a major problem in patients with beta-thalassemia major, and it has many structural and metabolic consequences. The aim of this study was evaluation of endocrine disturbances in patients with beta-thalassemia major who were older than 10 years of age. PATIENTS AND METHODS: In this cross-sectional study, investigators collected demographic data and medical histories, as well as menstrual history in females, from the medical records of 56 patients with beta-thalassemia major. Patients were examined to determine their pubertal status and the standard deviation score for height for evaluation of short stature. For evaluation of glucose tolerance, a fasting blood glucose and oral glucose tolerance test were performed. Evidence for diabetes mellitus was based on American Diabetes Association and World Health Organization criteria. Serum levels of calcium, phosphorous, thyroid-stimulating hormone, free thyroxin, luteinizing hormone and follicular-stimulating hormone, and estradiol in girls and testosterone in boys were measured. RESULTS: The mean and standard deviation for age in the 56 patients (36 males and 20 females) was 15.62+/-4.44 years. Diabetes mellitus was present in 5 patients (8.9%), impaired fasting glucose was found in 16 patients (28.6%) and an impaired glucose tolerance test was found in 4 patients (7.1%). Short stature (standard deviation score <-2) was seen in 25 (70%) boys and 14 (73%) girls. Impaired puberty was found in 40 patients (71%). Hypocalcaemia and primary overt hypothyroidism were present in 23 (41%) and 9 patients (16%), respectively. CONCLUSION: Despite therapy with deferoxamine to treat iron overload, the risk of secondary endocrine dysfunction remained high. Hypogonadism was one of the most frequent endocrine complications. Impaired glucose tolerance, short stature, hypocalcemia, subclinical and overt hypothyroidism are also frequent. FAU - Najafipour, Farzad
Brown adipose tissue in prepubertal children: associations with sex, birthweight, and metabolic profile.$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Individuals born small-for-gestational age (SGA), especially those who experience postnatal catch-up growth, are at increased risk for developing endocrine-metabolic abnormalities before puberty. In adults, brown adipose tissue (BAT) has been associated with protection against metabolic disorders, such as obesity, type 2 diabetes, and dyslipidaemia. Here, we assessed for the first time whether BAT activation differs between prepubertal children born SGA or appropriate-for-gestational age (AGA). SUBJECTS/METHODS: The study population consisted of 86 prepubertal children [41 AGA and 45 SGA; age (mean ± SEM), 8.5 ± 0.1 years], recruited into two prospective longitudinal studies assessing endocrine-metabolic status and body composition in infancy and childhood. The temperature at the supraclavicular region (SCR) before and after a cold stimulus was measured by infrared thermal imaging, and the area of thermally active SCR (increase after cold challenge, ΔArea(SCR)) was calculated as a surrogate index of BAT activation. The results were correlated with clinical, endocrine-metabolic, and inflammation variables, and with visceral and hepatic adiposity (assessed by Magnetic Resonance Imaging). RESULTS: No differences in BAT activation index, as judged by ΔArea(SCR), were found between AGA and SGA children. However, girls showed higher baseline and post-cold induction Area(SCR) than boys (both p ≤ 0.01). An interaction between gender and birth weight subgroup was observed for BAT activation; AGA girls increased significantly the ΔArea(SCR) as compared to AGA boys; this increase did not occur in SGA girls vs SGA boys. Cold-induced ΔArea(SCR) negatively correlated with HOMA-IR, us-CRP, liver volume, and liver fat. CONCLUSIONS: Prepubertal AGA girls had significantly greater BAT activation index as compared to AGA boys; this difference was not observed in SGA subjects. Higher BAT activation associated with a lower amount of visceral fat and with a favorable metabolic profile. Long-term follow-up is needed to determine whether those differences relate to pubertal timing, and to the development of obesity and metabolic disorders. FAU - Malpique, Rita
Gender-specific differences of serum leptin in obese and normal-weight adolescents: studies in type-I diabetes and Turner syndrome.$$$ The influence of exogenous insulin and estrogen substitution on serum leptin-like immunoreactivity was studied longitudinally in patients with type-I diabetes and Turner syndrome using a specific radioimmunoassay. Prepubertal, pubertal and postpubertal samples of 17 patients (9 girls, 8 boys) with type-I diabetes mellitus developing obesity were compared to those of 17 normal-weight controls matched for gender, age and diabetes duration. Six obese and six normal-weight girls with Turner syndrome were studied without hormone substitution, with ethinylestradiol alone, and with cyclic estradiol/gestagen substitution. The mean leptin levels of the girls with diabetes were two times higher than boys at all times, while insulin doses and glycemic control had no influence. In Turner syndrome estrogen substitution led to increased leptin levels only in the obese group. This study revealed that both body weight above normal and female sex steroids seem to be necessary to elevate leptin concentrations, while exogenous insulin has no effect. FAU - Danne, T
Predicting metabolic control in the first 5 yr after diagnosis for youths with type 1 diabetes: the role of ethnicity and family structure.$$$ The primary purpose of this study was to determine if there were differences in trajectories of metabolic control between African American and White youth with type 1 diabetes in the first 5 yr after diagnosis. A secondary purpose was to investigate other sociodemographic variables that often covary with race/ethnicity such as number of parents in the home and family income to determine if they predicted trajectories of metabolic control in youth with diabetes over and above the effects of ethnicity. A convenience sample of 71 youth was recruited. Multilevel modeling was used to estimate the population trajectory and to investigate the contribution of other variables. Differences in metabolic control between African American and White youth began shortly after diagnosis and continued to accelerate well beyond the point of diagnosis. However, subsequent analysis showed that deterioration in metabolic control could equally well be explained by living in a single-parent household. At 24 months postdiagnosis, the metabolic control in youth from single-parent families worsened almost three times as fast as that in youth from two-parent families (0.11 vs. 0.04%/month). The difference in hemoglobin A1c level at 24 months was 1.34% (p = .007). Neither family income nor clinical variables such as child's age, Tanner stage, or body mass index was significant predictor of metabolic control. Diabetes care providers should consider developing targeted interventions such as parent social support resources or school-based youth monitoring programs for youth in single-parent families. FAU - Frey, Maureen A
Pubertal alterations in growth and body composition. VI. Pubertal insulin resistance: relation to adiposity, body fat distribution and hormone release.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the independent influence of alterations in fat mass, body fat distribution and hormone release on pubertal increases in fasting serum insulin concentrations and on insulin resistance assessed by the homeostasis model (HOMA). DESIGN AND SUBJECTS: Cross-sectional investigation of pre- (n=11, n=8), mid- (n=10, n=11), and late-pubertal (n=10, n=11) boys and girls with normal body weight and growth velocity. MEASUREMENTS: Body composition (by a four-compartment model), abdominal fat distribution and mid-thigh interfascicular plus intermuscle (extramyocellular) fat (by magnetic resonance imaging), total body subcutaneous fat (by skinfolds), mean nocturnal growth hormone (GH) release and 06:00 h samples of serum insulin, sex steroids, leptin and insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I). RESULTS: Pubertal insulin resistance was suggested by greater (P<0.001) fasting serum insulin concentrations in the late-pubertal than pre- and mid-pubertal groups while serum glucose concentrations were unchanged and greater (P<0.001) HOMA values in late-pubertal than pre- and mid-pubertal youth. From univariate correlation fat mass was most related to HOMA (r=0.59, P<0.001). Two hierarchical regression models were developed to predict HOMA. In one approach, subject differences in sex, pubertal maturation, height and weight were held constant by adding these variables as a block in the first step of the model (r(2)=0.36). Sequential addition of fat mass (FM) increased r(2) (r(2)((inc)remental)=0.08, r(2)=0.44, P<0.05) as did the subsequent addition of a block of fat distribution variables (extramyocellular fat, abdominal visceral fat, and sum of skinfolds; r(2)(inc)=0.11, r(2)=0.55, P<0.05). Sequential addition of a block of hormone variables (serum IGF-I and log((10)) leptin concentrations; r(2)(inc)=0.04, P>0.05) did not reliably improve r(2) beyond the physical characteristic and adiposity variables. In a second model, differences in sex and pubertal maturation were again held constant (r(2)=0.25), but body size differences were accounted for using percentage fat data. Sequential addition of percentage body fat (r(2)((inc)remental)=0.11, r(2)=0.36, P<0.05), then a block of fat distribution variables (percentage extramyocellular fat, percentage abdominal visceral fat, and percentage abdominal subcutaneous fat; r(2)(inc)=0.08, r(2)=0.44, P=0.058), and then a block of serum IGF-I and log((10)) leptin concentrations (r(2)(inc)=0.07, r(2)=0.51, P<0.05) increased r(2). Mean nocturnal GH release was not related to HOMA (r=-0.04, P=0.75) and therefore was not included in the hierarchical regression models. CONCLUSION: Increases in insulin resistance at puberty were most related to FM. Accumulation of fat in the abdominal visceral, subcutaneous and muscular compartments may increase insulin resistance at puberty beyond that due to total body fat. Serum concentrations of leptin and IGF-I may further modulate HOMA beyond the effects of adiposity and fat distribution. However, the results are limited by the cross-sectional design and the use of HOMA rather than a criterion measure of insulin resistance. FAU - Roemmich, J N
Longitudinal Growth in Children and Adolescents with Type 1 Diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To study longitudinal growth in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus. METHODS: Anthropometry, disease duration, insulin regimens and HbA1C recorded from patients with diabetes enrolled in a specialty clinic. RESULTS: 160 children (75 boys; mean (SD) age 9.4 (3.3) y) were enrolled. 35% children had low (<25th centile) height velocity. Disease duration and HbA1C affected height velocity (adjusted for puberty). Children on basal-bolus had higher height velocity Z scores than those on a split mix regimen [(0.5(1.6) vs. -0.3(1.4), P<0.05)]. Children diagnosed before 5 years of age had lowest height velocity. Of the children who reached final height, 53% remained below target height. CONCLUSION: Children with type 1 diabetes mellitus have lower height velocity compared to healthy children; those diagnosed at younger age were at higher risk for growth failure. FAU - Parthasarathy, Lavanya
Growth hormone, IGF-1, insulin, SHBG, and estradiol levels in girls before menarche.$$$ The timing of pubertal changes depends on the concerted function of the hypothalamic - pituitary - ovarian and other endocrine systems. The somatotropin system and insulin play important roles during the growth and maturation of girls. Our clinical observations have enabled us to determine and implement criteria that split the pre-menarcheal period into three phases with distinct features associated with rising levels of estrogens (pre-estrogenization, onset of estrogenization and full estrogenization). The aim of this work was to determine levels of growth hormone, insulin - like growth factor 1 (IGF-1), sex hormone binding globulins (SHBG), insulin, and estradiol in relation to somatic features in girls during subsequent phases of estrogenization. This prospective study was done in 45 healthy girls. Every three months, we recorded weight, height, BMI, maturation of tertiary sex features, estrogen-related changes in hymen, sonographic dimensions of ovaries and uterus and serum levels of growth hormone, IGF-1, SHBG, insulin, and estradiol. Onset of estrogenization was accompanied by reduction of body mass and slowing down of growth associated with declining levels of growth hormone. These changes were followed by weight gain, pubertal acceleration of growth, rising levels of growth hormone, IGF-1, insulin, and estradiol, and falling levels of SHBG. FAU - Blogowska, Anna
[An epidemiological study of endometrial cancer. Controlled trial of 501 cases (author's transl)].$$$ In a retrospective case control study, 501 cases of endometrial cancer were observed from 1955-1975 and an equal number of matched control cases were compared regarding the following parameters: obesity, hypertension, diabetes, age a menopause, parity, age at first and last delivery, age at menarche, menstrual abnormalities, history of prior endometrial biopsies, concomitant ovarian tumours, family history of cancer and history of exposure to radiation. The statistical analysis revealed significant differences regarding the incidence of obesity, hypertension, late menopause, low parity, prior endometrial biopsies and prior exposure to ionizing radiation. However, no significant difference was found between endometrial cancer patients and control patients as to the incidence of diabetes, age at menarche, age at first delivery and family history of cancer. The results of the investigation are discussed and compared with similar reports from the literature. FAU - Ortner, A
Serum insulin-like growth factor 1 concentrations in the developing rhesus monkey.$$$ We studied the developmental pattern of serum IGF-1 concentrations in the rhesus monkey in cross-sectional and longitudinal manners. Values were lower in infants with a significant rise at the onset of puberty. Females values were lower than males except for pregnant females. There was a correlation of IGF-1 values with body weight in the males. Longitudinal study of six animals proved this age dependence of IGF-1 values. The rhesus monkey has a pattern of serum IGF-1 concentrations similar to that of the human being. FAU - Styne, D M
Plasma renin activity and albumin excretion in teenage type I diabetic subjects. A prospective study.$$$ Plasma renin activity (PRA) may be high among teenage and young adult insulin-dependent diabetic subjects. Supine PRA and stimulated PRA were therefore measured in 50 female and 50 male diabetic subjects, 13-20 years old, diagnosed before the age of 16. Fifty percent have been restudied after 4.6 +/- 0.2 (mean +/- SEM) years. Initially, 43% had high PRA (supine 4.0 +/- 0.37, stimulated 12.02 +/- 0.8 ng/ml/hr angiotensin I), 45% had normal activity (supine 2.89 +/- 0.26, stimulated 6.47 +/- 0.34 ng/ml/hr/angiotensin I), and 12% had low activity (supine 1.57 +/- 0.05, stimulated 3.09 +/- 0.08 ng/ml/hr/angiotensin I). Levels were directly associated with prepubertal duration of diabetes and were inversely associated with duration of diabetes after onset of puberty but not with total duration or patient age. Within 4.6 +/- 0.2 years the percentage of subjects with high PRA fell to 13%, and the percentage of those with low PRA rose to 35%. Initially 51% of the cohort had normal albumin excretion rates (AER) at rest and during exercise equal to or less than 10 micrograms/min/m2; 32% had elevated rates only during exercise of 39 +/- 5 micrograms/min/m2; 13% had elevated rates at rest of 41 +/- 8 micrograms/min/m2 and during exercise of 116 +/- 21 micrograms/min/m2; and 4% had clinical proteinuria at rest and during each exercise period equal to or greater than 150 micrograms/min/m2. After 5 years, 58% continued to have normal AER, or their AER improved.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS) FAU - Paulsen, E P
Determinants of adiponectin levels in young people with Type 1 diabetes.$$$ AIMS: To determine whether adiponectin levels are higher in youth with Type 1 diabetes than in non-diabetic controls, and explore potential determinants for this difference. METHODS: Data are from the SEARCH for Diabetes in Youth Case-Control Study. A total of 440 youth with Type 1 diabetes and 191 non-diabetic healthy controls age 10-22 years of non-Hispanic White (NHW), African-American (AA) and Hispanic (H) origin were included in this analysis. Mean adiponectin levels were compared between persons with diabetes and controls within each racial/ethnic group, sequentially adjusting for the following variables: demographic (age, sex, Tanner stage), kidney function (albumin: creatinin ratio: ACR), obesity (body mass index: BMI; waist circumference), behavioral (percent calories from fat, physical activity), and glucose control (hemoglobin A1c: HbA(1c)). RESULTS: Mean adiponectin levels, adjusted for age, sex and Tanner stage, were higher in persons with Type 1 diabetes than in control subjects, among NHW (17.6 vs 13.0 microg/ml, P < 0.001) and H (17.2 vs 13.0, P = 0.01), and slightly higher but not significantly so among AA (14.5 vs 12.6, P = 0.1). The differences persisted after additionally adjusting for differences in ACR, BMI and waist circumference. We found a positive relationship between adiponectin and HbA(1c) in youth with Type 1 diabetes, even after adjustment for age, sex and race/ethnicity. CONCLUSIONS: Adiponectin is higher in an ethnically diverse group of youth with Type 1 diabetes than in control subjects. The relationship between glycemic control and adiponectin in Type 1 diabetes requires further exploration. FAU - Barnes, M M
Population-based survey and analysis of trends in the prevalence of diabetic nephropathy in Type 1 diabetes.$$$ AIMS: To determine the prevalence of the various stages of diabetic nephropathy in Type 1 diabetes in a population-based survey. To make direct comparison with results from previous published studies to assess current trends. METHODS: Identification of all Type 1 patients using a population-based diabetes register. Urine samples for albumin assay were obtained at clinic visit and by postal request. Prevalence rates were calculated specifically for direct comparisons with previously published surveys. RESULTS: This study and European data from the 1990s show a clear reduction in the cumulative prevalence of microalbuminuria and established nephropathy compared with surveys from Copenhagen (1985), Pittsburgh (1986-8) and Boston (1992). In North Wales in 1999 the overall cumulative prevalence of microalbuminuria was 27.2% (95% confidence interval (CI) 24.3-30.1%) and established nephropathy was 9.6% (7.7-11.5%). Comparisons with data from EURODIAB and from Spain indicated similar results, although the prevalence of microalbuminuria was lower in North Wales than in the EURODIAB study. Significantly lower rates of nephropathy were seen in more recent Swedish cohorts. Diabetic nephropathy remains more common in males. Microalbuminuria before 10 years duration of diabetes was seen at all post-pubertal ages. CONCLUSIONS: Rates of nephropathy in Europe in the 1990s are lower than a decade ago. Modern methods of management are therefore associated with demonstrable benefit at the population level. The lowest rates of nephropathy are associated with optimum glycaemic control in Swedish data, indicating the importance of metabolic in addition to haemodynamic factors. FAU - Harvey, J N
Peripheral nerve function is increasingly impaired during puberty in adolescents with type 1 diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the impact of puberty on peripheral nerve function in adolescents with type 1 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Of 138 eligible patients with type 1 diabetes, 100 patients (age >9 years and diabetes duration >2 years) attending an outpatient diabetes clinic and 100 age- and sex-matched healthy control subjects took part in this cross-sectional study. Peripheral motor and sensory nerve conduction tests, cardiovascular reflex tests on the autonomic nervous system, and measurements of vibration-perception threshold (VPT) were performed. RESULTS: Nerve conduction velocity (NCV) in the distal motor and sensory nerves, the motor nerve distal latency, and the sensory nerve action potential (SNAP) amplitude were impaired in the adolescent patients with type 1 diabetes. The deterioration in motor NCV, H-reflex latency, and SNAP amplitude became more conspicuous in late puberty and postpuberty and was related to poor metabolic control. A total of 10 patients had distal diabetic polyneuropathy (DP) neurophysiologically, and these patients had significantly lower heart-rate variation in the deep breathing test than the other patients. Three of the patients with DP had peripheral neurological signs or symptoms. A slight difference in the VPT between the patients and control subjects was observed after puberty. CONCLUSIONS: Increasing subclinical motor nerve impairment can be detected during late puberty and after puberty, and sensory NCV and SNAP amplitude are reduced in adolescents with type 1 diabetes. Poor metabolic control during puberty appears to induce deteriorating peripheral neural function in young patients with type 1 diabetes. FAU - Riihimaa, P H
BMI Change During Puberty Is an Important Determinant of Adult Type 2 Diabetes Risk in Men.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to determine the role of change in body mass index (BMI) during puberty, independent of childhood overweight, for risk of adult type 2 diabetes in men. STUDY DESIGN, POPULATION, AND OUTCOME: We included 36,176 men who had weight and height measured at age 8 and 20 years available from the BMI Epidemiology Study and the Conscription register. Information on type 2 diabetes (n = 1,777) was retrieved from the Swedish National Patient Register. Hazard ratios and 95% CIs were estimated by Cox regressions including birth year and country of birth as covariates. Because the assumption of proportional hazards was violated for the association between BMI change during puberty and type 2 diabetes, we split the follow-up time into early (≤55.7 years) and late (>55.7 years). RESULTS: Both childhood overweight and high BMI increase during puberty associated with risk of adult type 2 diabetes. Men with childhood overweight that normalized during puberty did not have significantly increased risk of type 2 diabetes [early type 2 diabetes 1.28 (0.89; 1.82); late type 2 diabetes 1.35 (0.97; 1.87)]. Men who developed overweight during puberty [early 4.67 (3.90; 5.58); late 2.85 (2.25; 3.61)] and men overweight throughout childhood and puberty [early 4.82 (3.84; 6.05); late 3.04 (2.27; 4.06)] had substantially increased risk of type 2 diabetes compared with men who were never overweight. CONCLUSION: BMI change during puberty is an important and childhood BMI a modest independent determinant of adult type 2 diabetes risk in men.
Metabolic syndrome and gingival inflammation in Caucasian children with a family history of obesity.$$$ AIM: To investigate whether metabolic syndrome (MetS) and its components are associated with gingival inflammation in children. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This is a cross-sectional analysis from the baseline visit of the QUebec Adipose and Lifestyle InvesTigation in Youth cohort, an ongoing longitudinal study investigating the natural history of obesity in children of Quebec, Canada. The analytic sample includes 448 children aged 8-10 years, 39% of whom were overweight or obese. MetS was defined according to the International Diabetes Federation recommendations. Gingival inflammation was defined by the level of gingival crevicular fluid (GCF) tumour necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α) and the extent of gingival bleeding. Sex-specific linear regression analyses estimated the associations between MetS and gingival inflammation, adjusting for potential confounders. RESULTS: Twenty-five children had MetS. Boys with MetS compared to those without, had a 49.5% (p-value = 0.001) higher GCF TNF-α level and 13.7% (p-value = 0.033) more sites with gingival bleeding. Moreover, for three of the five components of MetS - waist circumference, fasting plasma triglycerides, systolic blood pressure - an increase was associated with increased GCF TNF-α level in boys. No such findings were seen in girls. CONCLUSION: An association between MetS and gingival inflammation was observed as early as in childhood, and may differ by sex.
Insulin sensitivity among obese children and adolescents, according to degree of weight loss.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Insulin sensitivity is impaired among some obese children, reflecting an atherogenic risk factor profile for the affected subjects. This study was performed to examine the amount of weight reduction required to improve insulin sensitivity. METHODS: We studied changes in insulin sensitivity indices (ISIs) for glucose metabolism (homeostasis model assessment and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index) and fat metabolism (free fatty acids) during a 1-year period among obese children who attended an obesity intervention program. The children were divided into 4 groups according to their changes in body mass index (BMI) SD score (SDS), as follows: group I, decrease in SDS-BMI of > or =0.5; group II, decrease in SDS-BMI of > or =0.25 to <0.5; group III, decrease in SDS-BMI of <0.25; group IV, increase in SDS-BMI. RESULTS: Fifty-seven obese children (age range: 6-14 years; median age: 10 years; 46% boys) were included in the study. The 4 groups did not differ with respect to age, gender, degree of overweight (SDS-BMI), or ISI values at baseline. An increase in SDS-BMI (group IV, n = 12) was followed by a significant decrease in ISI values. The ISIs improved for group I (n = 9), whereas there were no significant changes in these parameters for group II (n = 21) and group III (n = 15). CONCLUSIONS: During a 1-year period, an increase in weight among obese children was associated with a decrease in insulin sensitivity. Weight loss was followed by significant improvement in insulin sensitivity for glucose and fat metabolism but only if the SDS-BMI decreased by > or =0.5 during the 1-year period. FAU - Reinehr, Thomas
The changing spectrum of diabetes in Mexican American youth.$$$ Type 2 diabetes (T2DM) is now a pediatric disease. As in adults, it disproportionately affects ethnic and racial minorities, including Hispanics. The preponderance of Hispanics in south Texas are of Mexican American (MA) heritage. Over the past 16 years, we have accumulated a large cohort of children with diabetes. We have noted distinct differences in numerous parameters between MA children with T2DM and those with type 1 diabetes (T1DM). In order to explore these observations, we have reviewed the records of all children diagnosed with diabetes (n = 669) during the 9 years between January, 1990 and December, 1998 and seen by our pediatric diabetes group. In this cohort were 329 MA, 287 non-Hispanic whites (EA) and 53 African Americans. Compared to EA children with T1DM, MA children were more likely to have a parent with diabetes, to be hospitalized at the time of diagnosis and to lack health insurance. The differences between MA children with T1DM and T2DM were significant: specifically, children with T2DM were more likely to be female and pubertal with a body mass index >25 kg/m(2) and have acanthosis nigricans. Slightly more than 2/3 of the MA children with T2DM had at least one parent already diagnosed with T2DM. Less than 1/3 of the children with T2DM required hospitalization at the time of diagnosis and only a 1/4 have private health insurance. Over this 9-year interval, the apparent incidence of diabetes almost tripled in south Texas with the great majority of that increase due to the increasing numbers of children with T2DM. FAU - Hale, Daniel E
Parental diabetes, pubertal stage, and extreme obesity are the main risk factors for prediabetes in children and adolescents: a simple risk score to identify children at risk for prediabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVES: The current worldwide increase of prediabetes defined as impaired fasting glucose or impaired glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) coincides the increase of obesity. However, it is unclear that which children have an increased risk and should be screened for prediabetes. METHODS: We studied 437 overweight children and adolescents to identify risk factors for prediabetes. A risk score for prediabetes was calculated using logistic regression. This score was examined in a second, independent cohort of 567 overweight children and adolescents. History of T2DM in parents and grandparents, degree of overweight, age, pubertal stage, birth weight, hypertension, dyslipidemia, acanthosis nigricans, and abdominal obesity were considered as potential risk factors. RESULTS: The frequency of prediabetes was 6% in sample 1 and 17% in sample 2. The strongest association was observed for history of parental diabetes with an adjusted odds ratio (aOR) of 9.5 [95% confidence interval (CI) 2.5-36.4] in sample 1 and 6.3 (95% CI 3.7-10.7) in sample 2, followed by pubertal stage with an aOR of 5.5 (95% CI 0.7-45.4) in sample 1 and 6.2 (95% CI 2.4-15.6) in sample 2, and by extreme obesity with an aOR of 5.0 (95% CI 1.7-15.3) in sample 1 and 3.3 (95% CI 2.0-5.4) in sample 2. CONCLUSIONS: The main risk factors for prediabetes were parental diabetes, pubertal stage, and extreme obesity. Screening for prediabetes seems meaningful in subjects with either a parental history of diabetes or a combination of extreme obesity and pubertal stage and detected nearly 90% of the overweight children and adolescents with prediabetes. FAU - Reinehr, Thomas
Tracking and prediction of arterial blood pressure from childhood to young adulthood in 868 patients with type 1 diabetes: a multicenter longitudinal survey in Germany and Austria.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Arterial blood pressure was followed in 868 patients with type 1 diabetes aged 6.0-19.9 years in 95 centers in Germany and Austria. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: European blood pressure reference data for 28,043 children and adolescents were used with respect to age and sex. Data were stratified into three groups: prepubertal, pubertal, and postpubertal. RESULTS: Up to 4% of the participants in the younger age-groups and 13.9% of the postpubertal patients exhibited blood pressure values >97th centile. Blood pressure levels correlated with A1C level and BMI Z score. Tracking of blood pressure revealed that children with elevated blood pressure had higher blood pressure in adolescence and young adulthood. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with higher blood pressure in childhood showed elevated blood pressure later in life. We need to focus on the diagnosis of hypertension in children with type 1 diabetes and to study the efficacy of early intervention. FAU - Knerr, Ina
Quetiapine treatment in youth is associated with decreased insulin secretion.$$$ Second-generation antipsychotics (SGAs) are commonly prescribed to youth but are associated with metabolic effects including obesity and diabetes. The mechanisms underlying diabetes development are unclear. The purpose of this study was to compare glucose homeostasis, insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion, and overall β-cell function in risperidone-treated, quetiapine-treated, and SGA-naive youth with mental illness. We conducted a cross-sectional study in which youth aged 9 to 18 years underwent a 2-hour oral glucose tolerance test. Indices for insulin sensitivity (Matsuda index), insulin secretion (insulinogenic index), and β-cell function (insulin secretion-sensitivity index-2 [ISSI-2]) were calculated. A total of 18 SGA-naive, 20 risperidone-treated, and 16 quetiapine-treated youth participated. The 3 groups were similar in age, sex, ethnicity, body mass index standardized for age and sex, pubertal status, degree of psychiatric illness, psychiatric diagnoses, and other medications. The median treatment duration was 17 months (range, 3-91 months) for risperidone-treated youth and 10 months (range, 3-44 months) for quetiapine-treated youth. The quetiapine-treated group had lower insulinogenic index (P < 0.01) and lower ISSI-2 (P < 0.01) compared with that in the SGA-naive group. Only the body mass index standardized for age and sex was negatively associated with Matsuda index (β = -0.540, P < 0.001) in all youth. Quetiapine treatment was negatively associated with insulinogenic index (β = -0.426, P = 0.007) and ISSI-2 (β = -0.433, P = 0.008). Quetiapine reduced the insulin expression in isolated mouse islets suggesting a direct β-cell effect. Our results suggest that quetiapine treatment in youth is associated with impaired β-cell function, specifically lower insulin secretion. Prospective longitudinal studies are required to understand the progression of β-cell dysfunction after quetiapine initiation. FAU - Ngai, Ying Fai
β-Cell function in obese children and adolescents with metabolic syndrome compared to isolated obesity.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate β-cell function in obese children and adolescents meeting clinical criteria for isolated obesity (iOB), isolated components of dysmetabolism (cMD), or metabolic syndrome (MS), and in obese children and adolescents with normal glucose tolerance (NGT), impaired glucose regulation (IGR), or type 2 diabetes (T2DM). STUDY DESIGN: We undertook a prospective study of Han Chinese children and adolescents aged 8-16 years (median 11 ± 1.4) seen in an obesity clinic between May 2013 and 2018. Patients were classified as iOB (53), cMD (139), and MS (139) groups based on clinical criteria. The same patients were also classified as NGT (212), IGR (111), or T2DM (8) based on results of an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). The MS patients were classified as NGT [MS](59) and IGR [MS](72) for the further study. All participants also completed a mixed-meal tolerance test (MMTT). RESULTS: Compared with the iOB group, the MS group had significantly higher area under the curve of C-peptide up to the 2 hours (AUC CP) (P = .03) and peak C-peptide (P = .03), adjusted for BMI, age and Tanner stage, on MMTT. However, there was no difference in the insulinogenic index (ΔI30/ΔG30) or oral disposition index (oDI) derived from the OGTT among the three groups. However, 52% of participants with MS had IGR, compared to 28% in the cMD group. Compared with the NGT group, the individuals with IGR had significantly lower ΔI30/ΔG30 (P = .001) and oDI (P < .001). Compared with the iOB group, the NGT[MS] had significantly higher AUC CP (P = .004), peak C-peptide (P = .004) and ΔI30/ΔG30 (P = .007) adjusted for age, but no difference in oDI. Compared with the NGT[MS], the IGR[MS] had significantly lower ΔI30/ΔG30 (P = .005) and oDI (P < .001), but the AUC CP and peak C-peptide had no difference. CONCLUSION: Although the MS youth have β-cell hyperfunction as a whole, β-cell dysfunction is present in the early stages of dysmetabolism in obese youth with cMD or MS and worsened across the spectrum from iOB to cMD and MS, contributing to development of T2DM.
Soluble RAGE and atherosclerosis in youth with type 1 diabetes: a 5-year follow-up study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) play a role in the development of late complications and atherosclerosis in diabetes by engaging the receptor for advanced glycation end products, RAGE. Receptor binding leads to activation of the vascular endothelium and increased inflammation in the vessel wall. The soluble variants of the receptor, endogenous secretory RAGE (esRAGE) and the cleaved cell-surface part of RAGE, which together comprise soluble RAGE (sRAGE), are suggested to have a protective effect acting as decoys for RAGE. We aimed to test whether high levels of soluble variants of RAGE could be protective against atherosclerosis development. METHODS: Participants in the prospective atherosclerosis and childhood diabetes study were examined at baseline (aged 8-18) and at follow-up after 5 years. Both sRAGE and esRAGE were measured by immunoassay in 299 patients with type 1 diabetes and 112 healthy controls at baseline and 241 patients and 128 controls at follow-up. The AGEs methylglyoxal-derived hydroimidazolone-1 (MG-H1) and carboxymethyllysine (CML) were measured by immunoassay. The surrogate markers of atherosclerosis assessed were carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT), C-reactive protein (CRP) and Young's modulus, measures of arterial wall thickness, inflammation and arterial stiffness, respectively. RESULTS: Levels of sRAGE and esRAGE correlated strongly both at baseline and at follow-up in both diabetes patients and controls. With increasing age, mean values of both variants declined, independent of gender, diabetes or pubertal stage. In the diabetes group, multiple regression analysis showed a positive association between both variants of soluble RAGE and cIMT. There was no significant relationship with Young's modulus, but a negative association between sRAGE at baseline and CRP at follow-up. The ratios between the AGEs and the variants of soluble RAGE were increased in diabetes patients compared to controls. CONCLUSIONS: The results show a possible protective effect of high levels of sRAGE at baseline against inflammation 5 years later, but not on arterial stiffness or wall thickness, in this cohort of adolescents and young adults with T1D. FAU - Heier, Martin
Effects of Conjugated Linoleic Acid and Metformin on Insulin Sensitivity in Obese Children: Randomized Clinical Trial.$$$ CONTEXT: Insulin resistance precedes metabolic syndrome abnormalities and may promote cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes in children with obesity. Results of lifestyle modification programs have been discouraging, and the use of adjuvant strategies has been necessary. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to evaluate the effects of metformin and conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) on insulin sensitivity, measured via euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp technique and insulin pathway expression molecules in muscle biopsies of children with obesity. DESIGN: A randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled clinical trial was conducted. SETTING: Children with obesity were randomly assigned to receive metformin, CLA, or placebo. RESULTS: Intervention had a positive effect in all groups. For insulin sensitivity Rd value (mg/kg/min), there was a statistically significant difference between the CLA vs placebo (6.53 ± 2.54 vs 5.05 ± 1.46, P = 0.035). Insulinemia and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance significantly improved in the CLA group (P = 0.045). After analysis of covariance was performed and the influence of body mass index, age, Tanner stage, prescribed diet, and fitness achievement was controlled, a clinically relevant effect size on insulin sensitivity remained evident in the CLA group (37%) and exceeded lifestyle program benefits. Moreover, upregulated expression of the insulin receptor substrate 2 was evident in muscle biopsies of the CLA group. CONCLUSIONS: Improvement of insulin sensitivity, measured via euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp and IRS2 upregulation, favored patients treated with CLA.
Moderate-to-vigorous physical activity, but not sedentary time, predicts changes in cardiometabolic risk factors in 10-y-old children: the Active Smarter Kids Study.$$$ Background: Cross-sectional data have suggested an inverse relation between physical activity and cardiometabolic risk factors that is independent of sedentary time. However, little is known about which subcomponent of physical activity may predict cardiometabolic risk factors in youths.Objective: We examined the independent prospective associations between objectively measured sedentary time and subcomponents of physical activity with individual and clustered cardiometabolic risk factors in healthy children aged 10 y.Design: We included 700 children (49.1% males; 50.9% females) in which sedentary time and physical activity were measured with the use of accelerometry. Systolic blood pressure, waist circumference (WC), and fasting blood sample (total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, fasting insulin) were measured with the use of standard clinical methods and analyzed individually and as a clustered cardiometabolic risk score standardized by age and sex (z score). Exposure and outcome variables were measured at baseline and at follow-up 7 mo later.Results: Sedentary time was not associated with any of the individual cardiometabolic risk factors or clustered cardiometabolic risk in prospective analyses. Moderate physical activity at baseline predicted lower concentrations of triglycerides (P = 0.021) and homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (P = 0.027) at follow-up independent of sex, socioeconomic status, Tanner stage, monitor wear time, or WC. Moderate-to-vigorous physical activity (P = 0.043) and vigorous physical activity (P = 0.028) predicted clustered cardiometabolic risk at follow-up, but these associations were attenuated after adjusting for WC.Conclusions: Physical activity, but not sedentary time, is prospectively associated with cardiometabolic risk in healthy children. Public health strategies aimed at improving children's cardiometabolic profile should strive for increasing physical activity of at least moderate intensity rather than reducing sedentary time. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02132494.
Nonlinear Relationship between Birth Weight and Visceral Fat in Adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the association of birth weight with abdominal fat distribution and markers known to increase risk for cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes in adolescents. STUDY DESIGN: In 575 adolescents aged 14-18 years (52% female, 46% black), birth weight was obtained by parental recall. Fasting blood samples were measured for glucose, insulin, lipids, adiponectin, leptin, and C-reactive protein. Subcutaneous abdominal adipose tissue and visceral adipose tissue were assessed by magnetic resonance imaging. RESULTS: When we compared markers of cardiometabolic risk across tertiles of birth weight, adjusting for age, sex, race, Tanner stage, physical activity, socioeconomic status, and body mass index, there were significant U-shaped trends for homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, leptin, and visceral adipose tissue (all Pquadratic < .05). A significant linear downward trend across tertiles of birth weight was observed for triglycerides (Plinear = .03). There were no differences in fasting glucose, blood pressure, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, adiponectin, C-reactive protein, or subcutaneous abdominal adipose tissue across tertiles of birth weight. CONCLUSIONS: Our data suggest that both low and high birth weights are associated with greater visceral adiposity and biomarkers implicated in insulin resistance and inflammation in adolescents.
[Frequency and influencing factors of ketoacidosis at diabetes onset in children and adolescents--a long-term study between 1995 and 2009].$$$ BACKGROUND: Diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) is a frequent acute complication at onset of type 1 diabetes. It is assumed that increased public awareness about diabetes symptoms may reduce DKA rate at diabetes onset. To investigate the time-dependent trend in DKA prevalence we analysed the frequency and determinants of DKA at disease onset over 15 years in pediatric patients. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The prevalence of DKA at disease onset was analysed in individuals aged ≤18 years treated for the first time from 1995-2009 within 7 days after diagnosis in pediatric centers. Simple and multiple logistic regression analysis was performed to investigate influencing factors on DKA prevalence. Change of the probability of ketoacidosis over years were modelled in the logistic regression as linear trend. RESULTS: 16 562 individuals from 170 institutions were studied with a mean age of 9.2 ± 4.2 years. DKA (pH <7.3) was present in 20.8% of patients without a significant trend between 1995 and 2009 (p=0.222). DKA prevalence was higher in children ≤5 years (26.3%) and in the age group 10-15 years (21.7%) than in individuals aged 5-10 years (16.4%) and 15-18 years (16.9%, p<0.001). Girls had DKA more often than boys (21.2% vs. 19.3%, p=0.002). DKA frequency was increased in individuals with migration background (26.5% vs. 19.2%, p<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: DKA prevalence at diabetes onset was constant at about 21% during the last 15 years. Very young children, pubertal adolescents, girls and individuals with migration background are at higher risk for DKA at diagnosis. To prevent DKA earlier diagnosis of type 1 diabetes is warranted especially in these patient groups.
Paradoxical increase in arterial compliance in obese pubertal children.$$$ We determined whether arterial compliance measured by pulse wave analysis is impaired in obese pubertal children compared to normal weight controls, and assessed whether arterial compliance is associated with ambulatory activity. Body fat percentage was significantly different between the normal (n = 33) and obese (n = 34) participants (P < .001). Large (P = .012) and small (P < .001) arterial compliance were lower in the normal-weight group. After adjusting for height, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, race, sex, and Tanner stage, large arterial compliance was no longer different between groups (P = .066), whereas small arterial compliance remained higher in the obese group (P < .001). Obese pubertal children have paradoxically increased small arterial compliance compared to that of normal weight children, even after adjusting for height, blood pressure, race, sex, and Tanner stage. Thus, obesity in adolescence is not associated with impairments in small arterial compliance. FAU - Chalmers, Laura J
Forearm bone density, cross-sectional size and muscle cross-sectional area in adolescents with diabetes mellitus type 1 assessed by peripheral quantitative computed tomography.$$$ OBJECTIVES: The mechanical components of bone strength (size, shape and density) in adolescents with T1DM are not extensively studied. METHODS: The studied group comprises 39 adolescents, aged 11,9-18,0 yrs. The bone and muscle properties were investigated at the forearm (66% and 4% site). All measurements were performed using pQCT method. RESULTS: The mean Z-score calculated for the ratio of the total cortical bone cross-sectional area to muscle cross-sectional area at 66% was lower than zero in girls (-0,93+/-1,06; p=0,0042). Significant differences between Tanner stages were noted in boys for mean Z-scores for bone masses, cross-sectional dimensions and strength. CONCLUSIONS: T1DM girls revealed a decreased ratio of cortical bone area/muscle area, reflecting disturbed adaptation of the cortical shaft to the muscle force. When the Z-scores of cortical shell dimensions were investigated, cases in Tanner stage 5 diverged from "less mature" individuals, which may suggests that bone shaft development in these individuals was impaired, affecting both size and strength. FAU - Jaworski, Maciej
Early menarche and the development of cardiovascular disease risk factors in adolescent girls: the Fels Longitudinal Study.$$$ The purpose of this study was to evaluate the influence of menarcheal age on changes in insulin, glucose, lipids, and blood pressure during adolescence and to assess whether body composition modifies this relationship. We examined 391 girls, a subset of Fels Longitudinal Study female participants (8-21 yr of age). Self-reported menarcheal age was classified based on the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey III distribution, in which early menarche was at the 25th percentile or less (11.9 yr). Age at menarche was examined in relation to measures of body composition [e.g. fat-free mass (FFM) and percent body fat (PBF)], insulin resistance, blood pressure, and lipid profile. The effects of menarcheal age and body composition on cardiovascular disease risk factor changes were analyzed with serial data mixed models. Median menarcheal age was 12.7 yr (range, 9.8-17.0 yr), with 91 girls (23%) classified as early menarche. Girls with early menarche had more deleterious changes in insulin, glucose, blood pressure, FFM, and PBF levels than girls with average or late menarche. Menarcheal age adversely affected cardiovascular disease risk factor changes independent of age and changes in FFM or PBF. Girls with early menarche exhibited elevated blood pressure and glucose intolerance compared with later maturing girls, independent of body composition. FAU - Remsberg, Karen E
Enhanced progression of urinary albumin excretion in IDDM during puberty.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine whether the progression of urinary albumin excretion rate (AER) is higher during puberty than before or after this period. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A prospective study was conducted in which normoalbuminuric prepubertal (n = 20), pubertal (n = 28), and postpubertal (n = 26) IDDM groups matched for diabetes duration and long-term metabolic control were followed for 3 years. At 6-month intervals, 24-h urine collection was used to determine AER. RESULTS: AER increased significantly over a period of 3 years in the pubertal (P = 0.001) and postpubertal (P = 0.003) subjects but not in prepubertal subjects. The annual progression of AER was significantly higher in the pubertal group than in the prepubertal (P = 0.001) or postpubertal (P = 0.001) groups. Six pubertal, two postpubertal, and none of the prepubertal subjects developed microalbuminuria (AER > or = 20 micrograms/min on two consecutive occasions) over a 3-year period (P = 0.047). Multiple logistic regression analysis showed that the risk of development of microalbuminuria was increased in pubertal subjects compared with the prepubertal and postpubertal subjects (adjusted relative risk [95% CI]: 4.3 [1.5-9.3], P = 0.012, and 2.1 [1.1-5.0], P = 0.023, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Puberty represents an independent risk of the development of microalbuminuria in diabetes. This findings suggests that the endocrine changes of puberty lead to an accelerated process of early kidney damage in diabetes. In pediatric diabetes care, screening for microalbuminuria is needed soon after the onset of puberty. FAU - Barkai, L
[Assessment of diastolic function in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus - are there early signs of diabetic cardiomyopathy?].$$$ OBJECTIVES: To evaluate diastolic function (DF) of children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM1). SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Cross-sectional study of 67 otherwise healthy diabetic patients, and a control group (n = 84) in regard to age, sex, body mass index (BMI), Dopplere-chocardiography, and ECG for both groups; and disease duration, HbA1C, microalbuminuria, and serum lipids for DM 1 patients. RESULTS: Diastolic alterations [(A and E mitral waves, E/A ratio, isovolumic relaxation time (IVRT) and E wave deceleration time (EWDT)] were found in diabetic patients, with higher prevalence among pubertal girls (13-17 years old). IVRT and EWDT correlated positively with BMI (p = 0.028). Chronological age and disease duration were predictive factors for mitral A wave (p = 0.004 and 0.033, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: DF alterations were detected in the group of diabetic patients, with greater prevalence among pubertal girls; disease duration and age influenced parameters of DF. FAU - Santos, Claudia Duarte
Role of camping in the treatment of childhood obesity.$$$ Obesity is constantly increasing among children. Since treatment for obesity on outpatient bases often fails, we evaluated whether camps may help to improve eating habits. Forty-one children, 21 males and 20 females (BMI > 97 degrees percentile, weight excess > 30%, Tanner stage I) agreed to participate to a 8 day camp. After 1-year follow-up, measurements carried out by plicometry, bioelectrical impedance, metabolic and hormonal evaluations, showed a significant reduction of skinfolds, as well as glycemic and insulinemic response to the oral glucose tolerance test. These results suggest that camps may help to improve nutritional and physical education and psychological outcome of obese children. FAU - Di Pietro, Mario
Adiponectin is associated with favorable lipoprotein profile, independent of BMI and insulin resistance, in adolescents.$$$ CONTEXT: Children with obesity and insulin resistance (IR) have decreased adiponectin and have increased cardiovascular risk. Adiponectin has antiatherogenic effects, but its mechanism is unclear. OBJECTIVES: Our objectives were 1) to compare lipoprotein subclass particles among obese and lean adolescents and delineate their relationships with IR and 2) to measure relationships between adiponectin and lipoproteins and their dependence on body mass index (BMI) and/or IR. DESIGN, SETTING, PATIENTS, AND MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: This was a cross-sectional study of 57 obese and 38 lean pubertal adolescents, measuring lipoprotein subclass particles (nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy), lipids, adiponectin, and homeostasis model assessment of IR (HOMA-IR). RESULTS: Obese had higher low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol (P = 0.018), higher small LDL particles (LDL-P) (P < 0.0005), smaller LDL-P size (P < 0.0005), smaller high-density lipoprotein particle (HDL-P) size (P < 0.0005), lower HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) (P < 0.0005), and higher small HDL-P (P = 0.009) compared with lean. HOMA-IR was higher in obese than lean (P < 0.0005) and positively associated with triglycerides, large very LDL-P, and small HDL-P and negatively with HDL-P size in obese. Adiponectin was lower in obese than lean (P < 0.0005) and was positively associated with LDL-P size, HDL-P size, and HDL-C and negatively with triglycerides, small LDL-P, large very LDL-P, and small HDL-P in obese. Using linear regression adjusting for demographics, Tanner stage, BMI, and HOMA-IR in all adolescents, adiponectin was positively associated with LDL-P size (P = 0.028), HDL-P size (P < 0.0005), and HDL-C (P = 0.042) and negatively with small LDL-P (P = 0.009) and small HDL-P (P = 0.004). CONCLUSIONS: Obese adolescents have lower adiponectin levels than lean, and a more atherogenic lipoprotein profile, associated with increased IR. Adiponectin was inversely associated with atherogenic lipoproteins in adolescents, even after adjusting for obesity and IR. This is the first such report in children, and suggests a relationship between adiponectin and lipoproteins in adolescents independent of BMI and IR. FAU - Magge, Sheela N
Breastfeeding and maternal hypertension and diabetes: a population-based cross-sectional study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to assess the association of breastfeeding and maternal hypertension and diabetes in Beijing, China. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted in four urban communities of Beijing, China, with 9,128 parous women 40-81 years of age who had had only one lifetime birth. Each participant completed a detailed survey and accepted blood pressure measurement and blood glucose testing. Moreover, self-reported hypertension and diabetes were confirmed by review of medical records. RESULTS: After the analysis was adjusted for the potential confounders, including age, body mass index (BMI), waist to hip ratio (WHR), working status, educational level, drinking, smoking, family history of hypertension, age of menarche, menopause, oral contraceptive use, age of child-bearing, and postpartum BMI, the odd ratio (OR) of hypertension was 1.18 (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.05-1.32) for women who did not breastfeed, compared with women who did. In addition, the ORs for >0 to 6 months, >6 to 12 months, and >12 months of breastfeeding were 0.87 (95% CI, 0.76-0.99), 0.83 (95% CI, 0.68-1.00), and 0.79 (95% CI, 0.65-0.97), respectively, compared with women who did not breastfeed. With adjustment for age, WHR, working status, educational level, family history of diabetes, and postpartum BMI, women who did not breastfeed increased the risk of diabetes (OR=1.30; 95% CI, 1.11-1.53) compared with women who did. Moreover, women who breastfed for >0 to 6 months (OR=0.81; 95% CI, 0.67-0.98) and >6 to 12 months (OR=0.46; 95% CI, 0.26-0.84) had a lower risk of diabetes, compared with women who did not breastfeed. CONCLUSIONS: Chinese mothers who did not breastfeed were more likely to develop hypertension and diabetes in later life. FAU - Zhang, Bing-Zhen
Prepubertal Adiposity, Vitamin D Status, and Insulin Resistance. LID - e20160076 [pii] LID - 10.1542/peds.2016-0076 [doi]$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the following from prepuberty to the puberty-onset: (1) changes in serum 25-hydroxyvitamin-D (25[OH]D), adiposity, and insulin resistance (IR); (2) the effect of prepubertal adiposity on serum 25(OH)D changes; and (3) the combined effect of prepubertal obesity and suboptimal-25(OH)D on IR at puberty-onset. METHODS: A total of 426 prepubertal children (∼54% girls) were followed during pubertal-onset assessing before and after puberty-onset serum 25(OH)D, adiposity (BMI and waist circumference) and IR indicators (homeostasis-model-assessment of IR [HOMA-IR]). Associations were tested using multiple and logistic regression models adjusted by age, gender, and seasonality. RESULTS: At puberty-onset, mean serum 25(OH)D decreased (32.2 ± 8.9 Tanner I vs 25.2 ± 8.3 ng/mL Tanner II) and total and central obesity increased (BMI-for-age-z-score ≥2 SD [%]: 16.4 vs 22.1; waist-circumference ≥75th percentile [%]: 27.2 vs 37.1, all P < .05). Children with higher adiposity before puberty onset had higher risk of suboptimal-25(OH)D (<30 ng/mL) in Tanner II (ie, odds ratio = 2.7 [1.1-6.7] for obesity and 2.7 [1.4-5.5] for central-obesity) after adjusting for relevant covariates. Children with higher adiposity and suboptimal-25(OH)D before puberty-onset had higher HOMA-IR compared with their counterparts in Tanner II (HOMA-IR: 2.8 [2.5-3.1] if central-obese and suboptimal-25[OH]D vs 2.1 [1.9-2.3] no central-obesity and optimal-25[OH]D). CONCLUSIONS: We found that serum 25(OH)D declined with puberty-onset, likely because of adiposity increase. Moreover, children with the combined condition of central-obesity and suboptimal-25(OH)D before puberty-onset had higher pubertal IR. These results highlight the need of ensuring adequate-25(OH)D status before pubertal-onset, particularly in obese children.
Insulin Resistance, Hyperinsulinemia, and LH: Relative Roles in Peripubertal Obesity-Associated Hyperandrogenemia.$$$ CONTEXT: Peripubertal obesity is associated with variable hyperandrogenemia, but precise mechanisms remain unclear. OBJECTIVE: To assess insulin resistance, hyperinsulinemia, and LH roles in peripubertal obesity-associated hyperandrogenemia. DESIGN: Cross-sectional analysis. SETTING: Academic clinical research unit. PARTICIPANTS: Eleven obese (body mass index for age ≥95%) peripubertal girls. INTERVENTION: Blood samples were taken during a mixed-meal tolerance test (1900 to 2100), overnight (2100 to 0700), while fasting (0700 to 0900), and during an 80 mU/m2/min hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp (0900 to 1100). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The dependent variable was morning free testosterone level; independent variables were insulin sensitivity index (ISI), estimated 24-hour insulin, and estimated 24-hour LH levels. RESULTS: All participants demonstrated insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia. ISI, but not estimated 24-hour insulin level, correlated positively with morning free testosterone level when correcting for estimated 24-hour LH level and Tanner stage (rs = 0.68, P = 0.046). The correlation between estimated 24-hour LH and free testosterone levels approached significance after adjusting for estimated 24-hour insulin level and Tanner stage (rs = 0.63, P = 0.067). Estimated 24-hour insulin level did not correlate with free testosterone level after adjusting for estimated 24-hour LH level and Tanner stage (rs = 0.47, P = 0.20). CONCLUSION: In insulin-resistant obese girls with hyperinsulinemia, free testosterone levels correlated positively with insulin sensitivity and, likely, circulating LH concentrations but not with circulating insulin levels. In the setting of relatively uniform hyperinsulinemia, variable steroidogenic-cell insulin sensitivity may correlate with metabolic insulin sensitivity and contribute to variable free testosterone concentrations. FAU - Burt Solorzano, Christine M
Growth changes in children and adolescents with short-term diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Height and weight changes during the first 3 years of diabetes were prospectively followed in 152 diabetic children and adolescents. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: The study sample consisted of 152 Caucasian diabetic patients (84 boys; 68 girls) followed from diabetes onset in the Paediatric Diabetes Unit and 80 Caucasian normal subjects (49 boys; 31 girls) assessed in the Outpatient General Paediatric Clinic of the same hospital for routine examination and not affected by problems that might influence growth. Diabetic patients and control subjects were consecutively enrolled in the study between 1989 and 1992; diabetic patients with positive markers for celiac disease (positive antiendomysial antibodies) and thyroid disease (positive antimicrosomial antibodies) or any other chronic disease were not considered in the study. Mean age of diabetic patients (8.9 +/- 4.1 years) and control subjects (8.5 +/- 4.2 years) at recruitment in the study was similar. RESULTS: At onset of diabetes, the mean height expressed as the height standard deviation score (HSDS) was significantly greater than the expected values (P < 0.0001) and was independent of sex and pubertal stage. During the first 3 years of diabetes, HSDS decreased significantly (F = 6.9; P < 0.001). Meanwhile, growth velocity as standard deviation score (SDS) decreased significantly between the 1st and 2nd year (-0.12 +/- 2.1; -0.76 +/- 2.6, respectively; P < 0.05), but it was similar between the 2nd and 3rd year of diabetes. Weight expressed as SDS increased significantly during the first 2 years of diabetes but not thereafter. Height changes during the study period were independent from pubertal stage and sex. Metabolic control and insulin requirement, in our series, were not clearly related to height and weight changes. CONCLUSIONS: Diabetic patients at onset of diabetes are taller than age- and sex-matched nondiabetic subjects. During the first years of the disease, linear growth decreases independently of metabolic control and weight changes. FAU - Bognetti, E
Early age at menarche is associated with insulin resistance: a systemic review and meta-analysis.$$$ OBJECTIVES: We aimed to conduct a systemic review and meta-analysis of the relevant studies to further investigate the association between age at menarche and insulin resistance. METHODS: PubMed, EMBASE, and Web of Science (SCI) databases were systemically searched until December 2017. Observational studies comparing the incidences of insulin resistance in patients with early, average, and late menarchal ages were identified. Weighted mean difference (WMD) for HOMA-IR scores and fasting serum insulin levels in early vs late, early vs average. and average vs late comparisons were calculated with a random- or fixed-effects model. RESULTS: A total of eight articles involving 5504 subjects were finally included. In the analysis of HOMA-IR, the pooled WMDs in five studies were 0.45 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.31-0.60, p < 0.001), 0.40 (95% CI 0.28-0.52, p < 0.001), and -0.01 (95% CI -0.09 to 0.07, p = 0.854) for early vs late, early vs average, and average vs late comparisons, respectively. The fasting serum insulin levels in eight studies were analyzed, and it was significantly higher in subjects with earlier age at menarche (WMD 1.28, 95% CI 0.92-1.63, p < 0.001 for early vs late comparison, WMD 1.28, 95% CI 1.13-1.43, p < 0.001 for early vs average comparison) with mild and acceptable heterogeneity (I(2) = 42.5% and 7.4%, respectively). Publication bias was not detected via funnel plots and Egger's tests. CONCLUSIONS: Our study revealed that earlier age at menarche was significantly associated with insulin resistance. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: CRD42018083874. FAU - Zhang, Zhipeng
Long-term safety of α-1 antitrypsin therapy in children and adolescents with Type 1 diabetes.$$$ Promising findings of α-1 antitrypsin (AAT) intervention in mice models of Type 1 diabetes (T1D) led researchers to investigate AAT as a therapeutic modality for β-cell preservation in recent-onset T1D patients. Our prospective, open-label Phase I/II extension study demonstrated that the administration of multiple repeated AAT infusions (up to 36) to AAT-sufficient pediatric T1D patients is safe and well-tolerated. Long-term surveillance of participants (up to 5 years) from diabetes onset revealed normal growth and pubertal progression through adolescence to attainment of full puberty and near adult height. No serious adverse events, clinical or laboratory abnormalities were reported. Given its safety profile, AAT may be an individualized-tailored innovative immunotherapy in AAT-sufficient pediatric patients with diverse immune-related medical conditions. ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT01661192. FAU - Brener, Avivit
Bone mass and structure in adolescents with type 1 diabetes compared to healthy peers.$$$ SUMMARY: We measured bone mass and structure using pQCT and DXA in adolescents with Type 1 diabetes and compared the results with those of healthy peers. Our results showed that diabetes is associated with reduced bone mass and smaller bones. The diabetes-associated deficits seemed to concern male adolescents more than females. INTRODUCTION: The aim of this study was to compare bone mass and structure between adolescents with type 1 diabetes and their healthy peers. METHODS: Peripheral quantitative computed tomography (pQCT) at radius and tibia, and dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) at lumbar spine and proximal femur were performed for 48 adolescents, 26 girls and 22 boys, with type 1 diabetes, and for healthy peers matched for age, sex, body height and weight, and pubertal maturity. RESULTS: Diabetes was associated with reduced bone mineral content (BMC) and smaller bone cross-sectional size. Diabetic boys seemed to be more affected than diabetic girls. Among the boys, the mean deficit in BMC of all measured skeletal sites was more than 10%, while among the girls it was less than 5%. CONCLUSION: In conclusion, type 1 diabetes is associated with reduced BMC and appears to affect bone cross-sectional size and cortical rigidity. The diabetes-related skeletal deficits seemed to concern male adolescents more than females. Whether diabetes-related deficits would contribute to an increased risk of fractures in adulthood or later in life remains to be confirmed. FAU - Saha, M T
Effect of Interaction between Early Menarche and Genetic Polymorphisms on Triglyceride.$$$ Early menarche has been associated with increased risk of metabolic syndrome. Therefore, investigating the association of each component of metabolic syndrome with age at menarche, and interactions between them, might lead to a better understanding of metabolic syndrome pathogenesis. In this study, we evaluated age at menarche for risk of metabolic syndrome and associations with its components. As a result, the risk of MetS incidence was significantly increased only at ≤12 years of age at menarche (OR = 1.91, P < 0.05). Women with early menarche (≤12 years) had significantly higher levels of triglycerides (β coefficient = 37.83, P = 0.02). In addition, hypertriglyceridemia was significantly increased at early menarche with 1.99 (95% CI: 1.16-3.41, P < 0.01). With GWAS-based pathway analysis, we found the type 2 diabetes mellitus, stress-activated protein kinase signaling, and Jun amino-terminal kinase cascade pathways (all nominal P < 0.001, all FDR < 0.05) to be significantly involved with early menarche on triglyceride levels. These findings may help us understand the role of early menarche on triglyceride and interaction between gene and early menarche on triglyceride for the development of metabolic syndrome. FAU - Lee, Ho-Sun
Hepatopathies in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes.$$$ Background Diabetes and hepatosteatosis are dramatically increasing in childhood. Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is defined as a common disorder in adulthood, especially with type-2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome, while very few studies are available on liver health in children with type-1 diabetes. Patients and methods One hundred and ten (52 males and 58 females) patients with type-1 diabetes aged between 8 and 18 years were examined. The lipid profile, liver enzymes and hepatobiliary ultrasound findings of patients were investigated in terms of hepatopathies. Patients diagnosed with fatty liver were evaluated by pediatric gastroenterology specialists for the differential diagnosis and exclusion of other etiologies. The relationships between hepatopathy and age, pubertal status, the duration of diabetes and glycemic control were evaluated. Results Hepatopathy was found in 17 (15.5%) patients. The levels of alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST) were normal and did not correlate with the ultrasonography (USG) findings. Hyperechogenicity detected by USG, whether it is true fat or glycogen hepatopathy, was found to be associated with "poor glycemic control" independently of age, puberty status and the duration of diabetes. Conclusions This study contributes to the literature in terms of the relationship between liver health and glycemic control in pediatric type-1 diabetes. Hepatopathies were releated with poor glycemic control independently of the duration of diabetes. This suggested that liver disorders should be considered as one of the subacute complications of diabetes. It was concluded that routine screening for comorbidities and complications in type-1 diabetes should also include hepatobiliary USG, as liver enzymes alone are inadequate for detecting hepatopathies. FAU - Aydın, Firdevs
Mauriac's syndrome revisited.$$$ A 22 year follow-up of a female with Mauriac syndrome is presented. Despite incomplete growth she had normal, though delayed, sexual development with two successful pregnancies. There is no clinical evidence of degenerative complications. FAU - Traisman, H S
Hypogonadism, diabetes mellitus, hypothyroidism, hypoparathyroidism: incidence and prevalence related to iron overload and chelation therapy in patients with thalassaemia major followed from 1980 to 2007 in the Ferrara Centre.$$$ 273 patients with thalassaemia major followed from diagnosis in the Ferrara Centre were divided into 3 cohorts (C) according to the year of birth (C1=1954-1964, 85 patients; C2=1965-1974, 129 patients; C3=1975-2001, 59 patients) in order to study the trends of endocrine complications. Menarche occurred in 52 out of 112 patients (46%), without significant differences among the 3 groups, at the mean age of 13.9+/-1.4 years. Sixty-five percent of these patients had secondary amenorrhoea at the mean age of 18.8+/-3.7 years. In males complete pubertal development occurred in 48% of patients (C1:31%, C2: 44%, C3: 63%, p<0.05) followed by secondary hypogonadism in 24% of patients above 21 years of age. Primary (80%) and central 20%) hypothyroidism were diagnosed in 31% of patients (C1: 55%, C2: 31.5%, C3: 13.4%, p<0.05), diabetes mellitus (DM) in 17% of patients (C1: 28.6%, C2: 17.2%, C3: 3.4%, p<0.05), and hypoparathyroidism in 10.6% of cases (C1: 18.7%, C2: 10.1%, C3: 3.4%, p<0.05). No difference was found in patient mean age of diagnosis of hypothyroidism, DM or hypoparathyroidism (20.4+/-8.2 years, 19+/-5 yrs and 18.5+/-5.8 yrs respectively) but in all three groups age at diagnosis significantly increased over time (hypothyroidism and DM: p<0.001; hypoparathyroidism: p<0.01). Over time the prevalence of hypothyroidism, diabetes mellitus and hypoparathyroidism increased to 24.4%, 14.7%, and 6.7%, respectively, at the time of the study. Incidences peaked in the early 1980's, and declined in the following years (primary hypothyroidism from 6.5% in 1981 to 0.9% in 2007, p<0.01; DM from 3.9% in 1986 to 0.8% in 2007, p<0.05; hypoparathyroidism 2.4% in 1984 to 0% in 2007, p<0.01) and correlated with the decrease in annual mean serum ferritin levels in all patients (p<0.001). The main risk factors associated with endocrine complications were high serum ferritin levels, poor compliance with desferioxamine (DFO) therapy, early onset of transfusion therapy (only for hypogonadism) and splenectomy (only for hypothyroidism). Serum ferritin levels of approximately 2000 ng/ml were found to correlate with hypogonadism, and 3000 ng/ml for hypothyroidism, hypoparathyroidism and DM. The incidences of hypothyroidism, DM and hypoparathyroidism were not significantly different in 18 patients on long term treatment with deferiprone (DPO) compared with 64 patients continuously treated with DFO, from 1995 to 2007. In conclusion, our longitudinal study shows that in the last 30 years in the Ferrara Centre the incidences of hypothyroidism, diabetes mellitus, and hypoparathyroidism declined, and pubertal development in males with thalassemia major improved in patients, on DFO treatment, born after 1976. The efficacy of alternative chelation regimes with deferiprone or deferasirox to monotherapy with desferioxamine remains to be established. FAU - Gamberini, Maria Rita
Longitudinal associations of android and gynoid fat mass on cardiovascular disease risk factors in normal weight and overweight boys during puberty.$$$ OBJECTIVES: The aim of this longitudinal study was to assess associations between android and gynoid fat distribution and different cardiovascular disease risk factors in normal weight as well as overweight/obese boys during the pubertal period. METHODS: In total, 146 boys (baseline age 11.9 ±0.6 years) were recruited for a 2-year longitudinal study. Total body fat percentage and android-gynoid fat distribution were measured using DXA. In addition, waist and hip circumference was measured and body mass index (BMI) was calculated. Total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, triglycerides, insulin and glucose were measured, and homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was calculated. Tanner stage and physical activity were assessed as covariates. RESULTS: Overweight subjects had worse values for most of the measured blood parameters (P <0.05). Higher android, gynoid fat mass (FM), and android/gynoid FM ratio were longitudinally associated with higher insulin and HOMA-IR values in both normal weight and overweight boys (P <0.05). In addition, higher android FM and gynoid FM were associated with worse values in HDL cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and triglycerides in overweight boys (P <0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that higher android as well as gynoid fat have a strong impact on cardiovascular disease risk factors in both normal weight and overweight boys during the pubertal period. It can be suggested that measurement of fat distribution as android and gynoid fat is important for the assessment of the development or burden of metabolic diseases in boys with different weight statuses.
Associations between insulin and glucose concentrations and anthropometric measures of fat mass in Australian adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: One of the most serious, yet common co-morbidities of obesity is insulin resistance, which if untreated may progress to type 2 diabetes. This paper describes the insulin and glucose concentration distributions, the prevalence of elevated insulin, the associations between insulin and body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, waist-to-height ratio (WHtR) and fat mass index in a representative sample of Australian adolescents. METHODS: Cross-sectional population-based study of adolescent boys and girls (N = 496, mean age 15.3 years) attending schools in metropolitan Sydney, Australia. Fasting venous blood collected and analysed for insulin and glucose concentrations. Height, weight, waist circumference measured, BMI and waist-to-height ratio calculated. Pubertal status self-reported. RESULTS: Glucose concentrations were normally distributed and were not associated with adiposity. Insulin concentrations were distributed logarithmically, were higher among girls than boys overall and within the same ranges of BMI and waist circumference, but were lower among girls than boys within the same ranges of fat mass adjusted for height. The prevalence of elevated insulin concentration (defined as > 100 pmol/L) was 15.9% and 17.1% among boys and girls, respectively. Correlations between insulin concentration and BMI, waist circumference, WHtR and fat mass adjusted for height were 0.53, 0.49, 0.51 and 0.55, among boys, respectively, and 0.35, 0.40, 0.42 and 0.34, among girls, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Elevated insulin is highly correlated with adiposity in adolescents. BMI and WHtR are simple measures that can be used to identify young people who should be screened for insulin resistance and other co-morbidities. FAU - Denney-Wilson, Elizabeth
Whole grain intake and incident endometrial cancer: the Iowa Women's Health Study.$$$ We examined whether there is an association between whole grain intake and incident endometrial cancer and whether the association varied by use of hormone replacement therapy. The study included 23,014 Iowa women, aged 55-69 years in 1986. A mailed food frequency questionnaire was used to estimate grain intake, hormone replacement therapy use, and other cancer risk factors. Cancer incidence from 1986 to 1998 was also collected. In analyses stratified by hormone replacement therapy use, an inverse association between whole grain intake and endometrial cancer was observed among never-users of hormone replacement therapy (p for trend = 0.05). Never-users in the highest quintile of whole grain intake were 0.63 times as likely to develop endometrial cancer as those in the lowest quintile of whole grain intake (95% confidence interval = 0.39-1.01). Among hormone replacement therapy users, no association between whole grain intake and endometrial cancer was evident. There was no statistically significant association between whole grain intake and incident endometrial cancer when users of hormone replacement therapy and nonusers were analyzed together. There also was no association between refined grain intake and endometrial cancer. Whole grain intake may protect against endometrial cancer among never-users of hormone replacement therapy. FAU - Kasum, C M
Comparison of GAD and ICA512/IA-2 antibodies at and after the onset of IDDM.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Longitudinal changes in GAD antibody (Ab) and ICA512/IA-2 (ICA512) Ab were examined in relation to age at the onset of diabetes and autoimmunity against the thyroid gland. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: GADAb, ICA512Ab, and antithyroid autoantibody were examined at onset in 40 juvenile-onset IDDM patients (17 males, 23 females, age at onset 9.4 +/- 4.1 years, range 1.7-20). To assess the changes in antibody levels, 29 patients were followed up with sequential serum samples for up to 5 years. RESULTS: At onset, GADAb, ICA512Ab, and antithyroid autoantibody (thyroglobulinAb or thyroid peroxidaseAb) were found in 70, 58, and 25% of the 40 patients, respectively. Prepubertal patients (n = 21) had a significantly higher prevalence and index of ICA512Ab compared with pubertal patients (n = 19) (76 vs. 37%, P = 0.012, and 2.43 +/- 2.36 vs. 0.66 +/- 1.23, P = 0.011), while GADAb was more prevalent in pubertal patients (57 vs. 84%, P = 0.09). A longitudinal analysis of GADAb and ICA512Ab showed that GADAb levels declined more slowly than those of ICA512Ab (P = 0.008). Patients with continuous extremely high levels of GADAb also had high levels of antithyroid autoantibody. CONCLUSIONS: The measurement of ICA512Ab is useful in prepubertal patients, who often show rapid progression of the disease. The presence of autoimmunity against thyroid gland seems to influence the GADAb level but not the ICA512Ab level. FAU - Yokota, I
Metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance in obese prepubertal children in Lebanon: a primary health concern.$$$ BACKGROUND/AIMS: Ethnic-based associations between obesity and the metabolic syndrome (MS) have been suggested. The prevalence of MS in obese children was found to range between 13.9 and 48.8%, depending on the country of origin. This study was conducted to investigate the relationship between obesity and various components of MS in prepubertal children in Lebanon. METHODS: Eighty-seven obese children (Tanner stage 1), 25 overweight and 28 normal-weight controls were recruited from private and public schools. Anthropometric, biochemical and blood pressure measurements were performed. RESULTS: According to the modified Adult Treatment Panel III definition, the MS was identified in 26.4 and 4% of obese and overweight children, respectively, with a higher prevalence among girls than boys. The most common abnormalities among subjects with MS were elevated waist circumference (WC) (100.0%), high triglyceride (91.7%) and low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (66.7%) levels. Insulin resistance was identified in 70% of obese children and 75% of those having the MS. Body mass index, WC and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance were significant determinants of the MS in this age group. CONCLUSION: MS was found in 26.4% of obese Lebanese children, thus underscoring the importance of early screening of obesity and its associated metabolic abnormalities and of developing successful multicomponent interventions addressing pediatric obesity and MS.
Childhood diabetes identified in mass urine screening program in Taiwan, 1993-1999.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To describe the gender differences in cases and characteristics of diabetes mellitus (DM) that can be identified from a mass urine screen program for school children in Taiwan. METHOD: Screening for the childhood asymptomatic proteinuria and glucosuria began in 1992 for school children. Students were instructed to collect mid-stream samples of the first morning urine for glucosuria and proteinuria tests using urine strip devices. Students with positive results for glucose and/or protein and/or occult blood in the first examination received a second urine test. The third screening test was performed for urine and fasting blood sample for 11-item examinations if the second test was positive. The 1997 criteria of American Diabetes Association were used for defining DM. RESULTS: Approximately 2,615,000-2,932,000 students received the preliminary screening each semester. The overall average rates of newly identified diabetes from 1993 to 1999 were 8.3 per 100,000 among boys, and 12.0 per 100,000 among girls. The average rate of new cases increased significantly from sixth grade for boys and fourth grade for girls, with peak rates of 14.7 per 100,000 in eighth grade for boys and 19.0 per 100,000 in sixth grade for girls. Similar prevalence trends by sex and grade were observed, higher in girls than in boys. CONCLUSIONS: This mass screening data suggest that childhood diabetes of all types in Taiwan is elevated in the age of puberty and higher in girls than in boys.
Maternal hyperglycemia during pregnancy predicts adiposity of the offspring.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate associations between maternal pregnancy hyperglycemia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and offspring adiposity. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We evaluated these associations in a longitudinal study of 421 mother-daughter pairs at Kaiser Permanente Northern California. Maternal pregnancy glucose values were obtained from maternal medical records. Outcomes included three measures of girls' adiposity, measured annually: (1) ≥85th age-specific percentile for BMI; (2) percent body fat (%BF); and (3) waist-to-height ratio (WHR). RESULTS: Adjusting for maternal age at delivery, race/ethnicity, pregravid BMI, girl's age, and girl's age at onset of puberty, having a mother with GDM increased a girl's risk of having a BMI ≥85th percentile or having %BF or WHR in the highest quartile (Q4), compared with those in the lowest quintile of blood glucose (odds ratio [OR] 3.56 [95% CI 1.28-9.92]; OR 3.13 [95% CI 1.08-9.09]; and OR 2.80 [95% CI 1.00-7.84], respectively). There was a significant interaction between the presence of GDM and pregravid BMI; girls whose mothers had both risk factors had the highest odds of having a BMI ≥85th percentile (OR 5.56 [95%CI 1.70-18.2]; Q4 %BF, OR 6.04 [95% CI 1.76-20.7]; and Q4 WHR, OR 3.60 [95% CI 1.35-9.58]). Similar, although weaker, associations were found in the association between hyperglycemia and offspring adiposity. CONCLUSIONS: Girls who were exposed to maternal GDM or hyperglycemia in utero are at higher risk of childhood adiposity; risk increases if the mother is overweight or obese. Screening and intervention for this high-risk group is warranted to slow the intergenerational transmission of obesity and its sequelae.
Androgen regulation of circulating insulin-like growth factor-I during puberty in male hypogonadal mice.$$$ This study aimed at determining the relationship of sex steroids, particularly in the perinatal period, to the pubertal insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) surge in male mice. We used hypogonadal (hpg) mice, which have a major deletion in the gonadotrophin-releasing hormone (GnRH) gene, in order to have a model lacking all GnRH-induced gonadotrophin and sex steroid secretion throughout pre- and postnatal life. Cross-sectional data on body weights and weights of testes, seminal vesicles, kidneys, liver and spleen from 9 to 77 days of age were obtained in male hpg, heterozygous (Hz) and homozygous normal (N/N) littermates (n = 75-78/group). These data did not reveal any difference between Hz and N/N mice. Hpg mice had decreased body weights which by 70-77 days of age were approximately 18% less than normal controls. Testes and seminal vesicles of hpg mice did not demonstrate any significant postnatal growth. Relative to body weight, kidney weights were also markedly reduced in hpg mice (P < 0.0001), deviating significantly from normal by 28-35 days of age, reflecting the impact of androgen deficiency on a non-reproductive organ. From the cross-sectional data it was concluded that puberty commenced soon after weaning (21 days) in the male and that maturity was achieved within 4-5 weeks. Longitudinal study showed that, compared with normal controls, untreated hpg mice had an exaggerated pubertal IGF-I surge (P < 0.005) which peaked in mid-puberty.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS) FAU - Crawford, B A
Low vitamin D concentrations among indigenous Argentinean children living at high altitudes.$$$ BACKGROUND: Hypovitaminosis D is an international problem; however, there is little information about its prevalence in apparently healthy Indian children living at high altitudes. OBJECTIVES: To determine (i) the prevalence of hypovitaminosis D and (ii) the association of serum vitamin D with the risk factors for diabetes among Indian Koya children. METHODS: A cross-sectional study of 290 (129 males) school children aged 10.7 ± 2.9 yr was performed. Anthropometric measures, blood pressure (BP), Tanner stages and serum levels of glucose, lipids, and insulin were measured. 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] was measured by radioimmunoassay (Dia Sorin). RESULTS: The prevalence of obesity was 3.4% (10), overweight 3.4% (10), normal weight 79.0% (229), and underweight 14.1 % (41) per CDC reference standards. Concentrations of [25(OH)D] were median 10 (range 8-13 ng/mL); 10 (3.4%) had insufficient vitamin D levels (20 to <30 ng/mL), 136 (46.9%) had deficient levels (10 to <20 ng/mL), 144 (49.7%) had severe deficiency (<10 ng/mL) and none had optimal levels (≥30 ng/mL). There was an inverse significant correlation between [25(OH)D] and age (r = 0.14), body mass index (BMI) (r = 0.16), waist circumference (r = 0.15), systolic BP (r = 0.19), hemoglobin (r = 0.19), glucose (r = 0.22), insulin (r = 0.13), and homeostasis model of assessment-insulin resistance (r = 0.16). Multiple linear regression analysis showed that 25(OH)D concentrations were significantly and inversely associated with glucose concentrations (β = -0.28; p = 0.02) adjusted for age, BMI, systolic BP, hemoglobin, and insulin. CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrated a high prevalence of both 25(OH)D deficiency and insufficiency and an inverse association between 25(OH)D and glucose concentration in apparently healthy Koya Indian children. Further research is needed to confirm these findings.
Validity of Self-Assessed Sexual Maturation Against Physician Assessments and Hormone Levels.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare self-report and physician assessments of sexual maturation against serum hormone markers to evaluate the hypothesis that the validity of self-assessed sexual maturation is underestimated in traditional validation studies. STUDY DESIGN: We adapted a self-assessment instrument that 248 Mexican children and adolescents, aged 8-13 years, completed. The participants were examined by a trained pediatrician and provided fasting blood samples for measurement of reproductive hormones (eg, testosterone, estradiol, sex hormone-binding globulin, inhibin B) and other hormones (eg, C-peptide, insulin-like growth factor 1, leptin, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate) known to change during adolescence. Spearman correlations (r) were calculated among the average rank of all hormones and self-assessed and physician-assessed Tanner stage. The method of triads was used to assess the validity of self-reports by estimating correlations between self-assessments and true but unobservable sexual maturation based on all available data. Bootstrap sampling was used to construct 95% CIs. RESULTS: The validity of self-reported genitalia staging for boys was modest (r = 0.50; 95% CI,  0.31-0.65) and inferior to physician assessment (r = 0.75; 95% CI, 0.56-0.93). Breast stage was well reported (r = 0.89; 95% CI, 0.79-0.97) and superior to physician assessment (r = 0.80; 95% CI, 0.70-0.89). Pubic hair stage reported by boys (r = 0.91; 95% CI, 0.79-0.99) and girls (r = 0.99; 95% CI, 0.96-1.00) was superior to physician assessment (r = 0.79; 95% CI, 0.57-0.97 and r = 0.91; 95% CI, 0.83-0.97, respectively). CONCLUSION: Self-assessment can be validly used in epidemiologic studies for evaluating sexual maturation in children; however, physician assessment may be necessary for accurate assessment of genitalia development in boys.
Association Between Age at Menarche and Risk Factors for Cardiovascular Diseases in Korean Women: The 2010 to 2013 Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey.$$$ Early menarche is strongly associated with adulthood obesity; however, the relationship between age at menarche and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in Korean women remains poorly understood. Here, we investigated the association between early menarche and risk factors for developing CVD during adulthood using a nationwide population database.In total, 12,336 women (weighted n = 17,483,406; weighted age, 45.7 years) who participated in the Korean National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2010 to 2013 were included in this study. Participants were scored using the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III criteria for metabolic syndrome. Risk of CVD was estimated using the 10-year Framingham Coronary Heart Disease Risk Point Scale (10-year FRS).Early menarche (≤11 years) was reported in 5.2% (weighted n = 917,493) of subjects. The weighted prevalences of metabolic syndrome and ≥20% 10-year FRS were 23.6% [95% confidence interval (95% CI), 22.7-24.6] and 7.7% (7.1-8.3), respectively. Women with early menarche reported a significantly higher body mass index and waist circumference, along with a higher prevalence of hypertension, diabetes, and metabolic syndrome than those with later menarche (≥13 years). Furthermore, the prevalence of women with a ≥10% or ≥20% 10-year FRS was higher in those with early menarche than in other groups after adjusting for age, smoking, education level, and menstruation. Logistic regression analyses controlling for these and other confounding factors revealed odds ratios of 2.29 (95% CI = 1.25-4.19) and 1.78 (0.96-3.30) for ≥10% and ≥20% 10-year FRS in women with early menarche, respectively, compared with those in the latest menarche group (≥17 years).Taken together, this nationwide study revealed that women with early menarche are at increased risks of metabolic syndrome and CVD. Early menarche may therefore represent an important marker for early preventive interventions. FAU - Won, Jong Chul
Adiposity markers and its association with age at menarche: A comparative study among rural and urban Meitei females of Manipur, North-East India.$$$ BACKGROUND: Menarche is a critical biomarker in the reproductive life of females. Early age at menarche may represent an indicator of adult adiposity. The study examines the association of various adiposity markers with age at menarche in rural and urban Meitei females of Manipur, India. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted among rural and urban Meitei females of Manipur of age 18-45 years. Detailed information of the participants was taken with the help of proforma. Various anthropometric and physiological measurements were also recorded. RESULTS: Mean age at menarche was 12.5 years for urban females and 13.1 years for rural females. Females of urban and rural areas under overweight category of BMI had higher odds of attaining early menarche. Odds of having early menarche were found to be highest among those with risk category of waist hip ratio, waist height ratio and waist circumference in both rural and urban females. CONCLUSION: Females with higher body mass index, high waist-to-hip ratio and waist height ratio were found to be at risk of early menarche.
An 8-Year Prospective Study of Depressive Symptoms and Change in Insulin From Adolescence to Young Adulthood.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether depressive symptoms predict change in fasting insulin among adolescents followed into young adulthood. We hypothesized that higher depressive symptoms would predict increased insulin and that puberty and race/ethnicity would moderate this relationship. METHODS: Data came from the Princeton School District Study, a school-based longitudinal cohort of non-Hispanic black and white adolescents (2001-2011). Depressive symptoms, fasting insulin, and body mass index were measured at baseline (adolescence) and 8 years later (young adulthood) in 685 participants. Puberty was assessed using a validated protocol measuring sex steroids and physical changes. The primary outcome was change in fasting insulin. Analyses accounted for age, sex, race, parental education, baseline insulin, body mass index z score, puberty, and time to follow-up. RESULTS: At baseline, depressive symptoms were correlated with insulin (ρ = 0.13, p = .001). High baseline insulin predicted insulin change (B = -11.50, standard error [SE] = 2.30, p < .001). Depressive symptoms also predicted insulin change, but only for pubertal adolescents (B = -0.23, SE = 0.11, p = .038). This relationship was moderated by race (p = .047); depressive symptoms predicted insulin change only among pubertal black adolescents (p = .030), not white (p = .49), and in the direction opposite that hypothesized (Bblacks = -0.51, SE = 0.23). Post hoc analyses revealed that pubertal black adolescents with high depressive symptoms had the highest baseline insulin, which stayed high across the follow-up period. CONCLUSIONS: Among pubertal black adolescents, elevated depressive symptoms are associated with increased risk for sustained hyperinsulinemia from adolescence into adulthood. These youths may be particularly vulnerable for Type 2 diabetes. FAU - Shomaker, Lauren B
Dietary fat intake predicts 1-year change in body fat in adolescent girls with type 1 diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to determine whether objectively measured physical activity and dietary macronutrient intake differentially predict body fat in adolescent girls with type 1 diabetes and control girls. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This study comprised 23 girls (12-19 years) with type 1 diabetes and 19 age-matched healthy control girls. At baseline, physical activity and energy intake were assessed for 7 consecutive days by accelerometry and a structured food diary, respectively. Body composition was measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry at baseline and after 1 year. RESULTS: Fat intake was positively related to a 1-year change in percentage body fat (P = 0.006), after adjustment for total energy intake. No significant interaction was observed (case-control group x main exposure), indicating that the association between fat intake and gain in body fat was similar in both groups. Physical activity did not predict gain in body fat; however, total physical activity was positively associated with a gain in lean body mass (P < 0.01). Girls treated with six daily dosages of insulin increased their percentage of body fat significantly more than those treated with four daily injections (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: In this prospective case-control study, we found that fat intake predicted gain in percentage of body fat in both adolescent girls with type 1 diabetes and healthy control girls. The number of daily insulin injections seems to influence the accumulation of body fat in girls with type 1 diabetes. FAU - Särnblad, Stefan
Hypoglycaemia-insulin test: discordant growth hormone and cortisol response in paediatric patients regarding recovery from hypoglycaemia with or without oral glucose solution.$$$ BACKGROUND: Hypoglycaemia-insulin test (HIT) is the 'gold standard' for the diagnosis of adrenal-pituitary-hypothalamic axis disorders. Controversy exists on the convenience of recovery from an insulin-induced hypoglycaemia since this test is not risk-free. OBJECTIVE: To ascertain whether recovery from insulin-induced hypoglycaemia with an oral glucose solution produces a different response of growth hormone (GH) and cortisol at different times of the study compared with spontaneous recovery from hypoglycaemia. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Prospective study of 100 children and adolescents with growth delay who underwent an HIT. Patients were consecutively assigned to two groups of 50. In one group recovery from hypoglycaemia occurred spontaneously and in the other recovery was achieved with an oral glucose solution (20 g of glucose) when glycaemia was under 30 mg/dl. The two groups did not differ in age, sex, pubertal status, weight, height and IGF-I levels. RESULTS: The response of GH at 30, 60, 90 and 120 min and cortisol at 10, 60, 90 and 120 min was lower and statistically significant in patients with recovery from hypoglycaemia with oral glucose solution. GH deficiency was diagnosed more frequently in patients recovered with glucose solutions (94%) compared to those with spontaneous recovery (68%). CONCLUSIONS: Oral glucose solution administration when glycaemia was under 30 mg/dl in HIT produced a lower GH and cortisol response to insulin stimulus and a greater frequency of GH deficit diagnosis.
Changes in thyroid volume and insulin-like growth factor 1 in pre- and post-pubertal obese children.$$$ BACKGROUND: There is a mutual dynamic interaction between thyroid volume (TV), insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), and body mass index (BMI). These covariates undergo a change with the transition into puberty. The heterogeneity of the variates and study populations complicate the evaluation of the role of pure pubertal effect. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to investigate the effect of puberty on IGF-1 and TV in a predetermined homogenous population such as obese children. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Three hundred and eighty children (202 girls and 178 boys) aged between 6 and 18 were enrolled in this prospective study. The children were assigned to two groups according to their pubertal status, i.e., prepubertal (n = 169) and postpubertal (n = 211). According to age and sex, the obese group (n = 222) was made up of children at and above the 95(th) percentile, and the control group (n = 158) of children under the 85(th) percentile. The following parameters were evaluated in all children: BMI, pubertal status, TV, and serum IGF-1, IGFBP-3, and IGF-1:IGFBP-3 molar ratio. RESULTS: In comparison to the prepubertal obese group, the obese group at Tanner stage 2 had a larger mean TV (P = 0.008) and higher IGF-1 level (P = 0.033). There was a positive correlation between IGF-1 and TV both in the prepubertal and pubertal group (r(169)= 0.369, P = 0.001; r(211)= 0.316, P = 0.004, respectively), whereas there was no correlation between IGF-1 and BMI (r(169)= 0.99, P = 0.092; r(211)= 0.094, P = 0.088, respectively). CONCLUSION: This study showed that the TV and serum IGF-1 levels were increased in obese children in the early stage of puberty and that there was a positive correlation between these two variables in all children, which shows the specific effect of the early stage of puberty on the increase in TV and IGF-1 levels and suggests that increased TV is associated with the increase in IGF-1 levels in a homogenous group such as obese children. FAU - Karaoglan, M
Insulin resistance in obese children and adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the presence of insulin resistance and its association with other metabolic abnormalities in obese children and adolescents. METHODS: Retrospective study of 220 children and adolescents aged 5-14 years. Anthropometric measurements were performed (weight, height, and waist circumference) and clinical (gender, age, pubertal stage, and degree of obesity) and biochemical (glucose, insulin, total cholesterol, and fractions, triglycerides) data were analyzed. Insulin resistance was identified by the homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index. The analysis of the differences between the variables of interest and the HOMA-IR quartiles was performed by ANOVA or Kruskal-Wallis tests. RESULTS: Insulin resistance was diagnosed in 33.20% of the sample. It was associated with low levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C; p=0.044), waist circumference measurement (p=0.030), and the set of clinical and metabolic (p=0.000) alterations. Insulin-resistant individuals had higher mean age (p=0.000), body mass index (BMI; p=0.000), abdominal circumference (p=0.000), median triglycerides (p=0.001), total cholesterol (p≤0.042), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C; p≤0.027); and lower HDL-C levels (p=0.005). There was an increase in mean BMI (p=0.000), abdominal circumference (p=0.000), and median triglycerides (p=0.002) as the values of HOMA -IR increased, with the exception of HDL-C, which decreased (p=0.001). Those with the highest number of simultaneous alterations were between the second and third quartiles of the HOMA-IR index (p=0.000). CONCLUSION: The results confirmed that insulin resistance is present in many obese children and adolescents, and that this condition is associated with alterations that represent an increased risk for developing metabolic disorders in adulthood.
Lipid changes and their relationship with vitamin D levels in children under 18 years with type 1 diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To analyze lipid changes and their relationship with 25-hydroxy vitamin D3 (25-OH-D) levels in patients under 18 years old with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). MATERIAL AND METHODS: A cross-sectional, descriptive study. Patients under 18 years with T1DM were enrolled by consecutive, nonrandomized sampling. Data collected included sex, age, pubertal stage, time since T1DM onset, weight, height, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), 25-OH-D, total cholesterol (TC), LDL cholesterol (LDL-C), HDL cholesterol (HDL-C), and triglycerides (TG). Results were stratified by sex, age, and pubertal stage. Data were analyzed using SPSS(®). RESULTS: Ninety patients with a mean age of 11.7 ± 3.6 years (51.1% males) and mean HbA1c levels of 7.5 ± 1.3% were enrolled. Of these, 26.6% had 25-OH-D levels<20 ng/mL and 13.3% 25-OH-D levels ≤ 15 ng/mL. No differences were found in 25-OH-D between patients with overweight or obesity and the rest. HDL-C levels<40 ng/mL were found in 1.1%, 34.4% had LDL-C levels ≥ 100 mg/dL, and 2.2% had TG levels ≥ 150 mg/dL. Patients with 25-OH-D<20 ng/mL had higher TG levels than the rest (76.80 ± 45.62 vs 57.55 ± 26.08; P=.04) in the multivariate analysis controlled for BMI, waist circumference, and HbA1c. A correlation was found between 25-OH-D and TG levels (-0.230; P=.029). CONCLUSIONS: Patients in our population with vitamin D deficiency had higher TG levels. Long-term follow-up should be performed to understand the potential impact of such levels on diabetes-related complications.
Oxidative stress in obese children and its relation with insulin resistance.$$$ BACKGROUND: In obese populations, oxidative stress plays a major role in the pathogenesis of serious diseases such as diabetes, coronary heart disease, and atherosclerosis. In this study, we investigated the status of oxidative stress in obese children as to nitrite/nitrate and glutathione peroxidase levels, and their relation with insulin resistance (IR). METHODS: A total of 63 obese children were enrolled in the study. Each was relegated to one of three groups: 20 obese children without IR (11 adolescents, 9 prepubertal; mean age 10.27 +/- 2.36 years; 10 males, 10 females), 22 obese children with IR (13 adolescents, 9 prepubertal; mean age 11.26 +/- 2.52 years; 10 males, 12 females), and a control group of 21 children (14 adolescents, 7 prepubertal; mean age 11.41 +/- 2.00 years; 10 males, 11 females). RESULTS: Glutathione peroxidase levels were lower in the obese group with IR than in either the control group or the obese group without IR (0.032 +/- 0.01 vs. 0.048 +/- 0.01 and 0.042 +/- 0.01, respectively). Nitrite/nitrate levels were higher in the obese group with IR than in the control group or the obese group without IR (89.83 +/- 25.00 vs. 66.00 +/- 21.75, and 68.65 +/- 28.98, respectively) and compared by pubertal status, adolescents' results were similar. However, in prepubertal children, nitrite/nitrate and glutathione peroxidase levels were not significantly different between groups. Multiple regression analysis revealed that nitrite/nitrate levels were positively correlated with the homeostasis model assessment of IR (HOMA-IR) independent of body mass index, age, gender, serum lipids, and pubertal stages, and that glutathione peroxidase levels were negatively correlated with body mass index and HOMA-IR independent of age, gender, pubertal status, and serum lipids. CONCLUSION: This study demonstrates that oxidative stress exists even in populations of obese children, and that oxidative stress markers have a relation with the HOMA-IR, which was used as a surrogate marker of IR. FAU - Ozgen, Ilker Tolga
High Prevalence of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus Adolescents: Is There a Difference Depending on the NIH and Rotterdam Criteria?$$$ BACKGROUND: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is more frequently observed in type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) adult women than in nondiabetic women. No such prevalence has yet been studied in adolescent girls with T1DM. AIM: The aim of this study was to evaluate the prevalence of PCOS in adolescent girls with T1DM and to determine the clinical and hormonal features associated with the disorder. METHODS: A cross-sectional study of 53 adolescent girls (gynecological age >2 years) referred for routine evaluation for T1DM was conducted. We diagnosed PCOS using the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and Rotterdam criteria. RESULTS: 26.4 and 47.9% of adolescents had PCOS according to NIH (NIH-PCOS) and Rotterdam (Rotterdam-PCOS) criteria. 66.7% of NIH-PCOS adolescents had a complete phenotype associated with hyperandrogenism, oligomenorrhea, and polycystic ovarian morphology, unlike only 33.3% of the Rotterdam-PCOS adolescents. A family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) was more frequent in PCOS than in non-PCOS girls, whichever criteria were used. Late pubertal development and a T1DM diagnosis close to puberty were factors associated with NIH-PCOS. CONCLUSION: Adolescents with T1DM had a high prevalence of PCOS. More differences between PCOS and non-PCOS patients were found using the NIH criteria, suggesting that clinical characteristics might be more accurate for diagnosing PCOS in girls with T1DM. A family history of T2DM is associated with a high risk of PCOS.
Serum leptin levels in girls with precocious puberty.$$$ Few data are available regarding leptin levels in children with different pubertal stages or with precocious puberty (PP). The aim of this study was to assess the changes in serum leptin levels in patients with PP. We studied 20 girls with PP, with Tanner stage II-III; the age at the beginning of pubertal signs ranged from 4.2 to 7.1 yr; all the girls had an advantaged bone age. Controls were subdivided in two groups: group 1: 20 pre-pubertal girls with the same chronological age of the patients, without any signs of pubertal development (Tanner stage I); group 2: 20 additional girls with the same bone age, pubertal stage and body mass index (BMI) of the girls with PP. Serum leptin levels in females with PP are similar to those found in subjects with normal puberty (9.0 +/- 0.8 vs 9.1 +/- 0.9 ng/ml; ns) and different from subjects with the same chronological age without activation of puberty (5.6 +/- 0.9 ng/ml, p < 0.001). In all groups leptin levels correlated significantly with BMI (girls with PP: r = 0.5 1, p < 0.02; control group 1 girls: r = 0.71; p < 0.0001; control group 2 girls: r = 0.49; p < 0.02), there was no significant relationship between leptin and activation of hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis. Our results indicate that the serum leptin levels in the girls with PP are not significantly different from levels in healthy girls at a similar stage of pubertal development, suggesting that the relationship between serum leptin levels and BMI is also present in this pathological situation. FAU - Verrotti, A
Comparison of metabolic syndrome prevalence using six different definitions in overweight pre-pubertal children enrolled in a weight management study.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To assess the implications of variation in Metabolic Syndrome (MS) definition (biochemical and anthropometric indicators) on MS prevalence estimates in a population of overweight and mildly obese children. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SUBJECTS: Ninety-nine (64 girls) overweight or mildly obese, but otherwise healthy, pre-pubertal 6-9-year olds recruited for a randomized controlled trial of weight management. MEASURES: Height, weight and waist circumference were measured with BMI and waist z-scores calculated. Fasting cholesterol and fractions, glucose and insulin were measured, together with systolic and diastolic blood pressure (BP). Anthropometric and metabolic indicators were classified as normal or elevated using adult- or child-specific cut points with clustering of MS indicators also assessed using two adult and three child-specific definitions. RESULTS: A total of 0-4% of subjects were classified with MS when adult definitions were applied. This increased to between 39 and 60% using child-specific definitions, varying according to whether hyperinsulinaemia was central to the MS classification. Systolic BP, triglycerides, total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and waist z-score increased across insulin quartiles (P<0.05). The use of body mass index and waist circumference in the MS definition classified the same subjects. CONCLUSIONS: The classification of MS in children depends strongly on the definition chosen, with MS prevalence estimates higher if insulin is part of the definition and child-specific cut points for metabolic indicators are used. Hyperinsulinaemia and MS are common consequences of childhood obesity but they are not commonly part of the assessment or management plan for weight management in children. There is a need for the establishment of normal insulin ranges and consistent definition of MS in childhood and adolescence. FAU - Golley, R K
Pubertal Progression and Reproductive Hormones in Healthy Girls With Transient Thelarche.$$$ CONTEXT: Detailed evaluation of pubertal progression in girls from longitudinal studies is sparse, and the phenomenon of transient thelarche (TT), defined as the appearance, regression, and subsequent reappearance of breast buds, in healthy girls remains undescribed. OBJECTIVE: To describe TT in terms of pubertal progression, growth, genotypes, and reproductive hormones and to apply new puberty nomograms for breast stages, pubic hair, and menarche. DESIGN: A prospective, longitudinal population-based study. PATIENTS OR OTHER PARTICIPANTS: Ninety-eight healthy Danish schoolchildren (Caucasian girls) followed longitudinally as part of the COPENHAGEN Puberty Study were included in the evaluation of TT. A total of 1466 girls from 2 cross-sectional studies were included in the creation of the puberty nomograms. INTERVENTION(S): None. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Pubertal progression, specifically thelarche, reproductive hormones, genotype, and growth. RESULTS: Twelve of 98 (12%) girls experienced TT. A larger proportion of girls with TT entered puberty by the pubarche pathway (50%) compared with girls with normal progression (15.4%), P = 0.014. Girls with TT progressed through puberty normally when evaluated using puberty nomograms. Reproductive hormones and growth velocity were lower at the first (transient) thelarche than the second (permanent) thelarche. CONCLUSION: TT is a frequent phenomenon that appears to be a peripheral occurrence independent of central puberty. It does not appear to affect subsequent pubertal progression as evaluated by our new puberty nomograms.
Pediatric Idiopathic Intracranial Hypertension: Age, Gender, and Anthropometric Features at Diagnosis in a Large, Retrospective, Multisite Cohort.$$$ PURPOSE: To examine anthropometric and maturational characteristics at diagnosis in pediatric idiopathic intracranial hypertension (IIH). DESIGN: Retrospective, international, multisite study. PARTICIPANTS: Pediatric patients (2-18 years of age at diagnosis) with IIH. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Body mass index (BMI), height, and weight Z-scores; sexual maturation. METHODS: Cases of IIH were identified retrospectively based on diagnostic code, pediatric neuro-ophthalmologist databases, or both and updated diagnostic criteria (2013) were applied to confirm definite IIH. Anthropometric measurements were converted into age- and gender-specific height, weight, and BMI Z-scores CDC 2000 growth charts. When available, sexual maturation was noted. RESULTS: Two hundred thirty-three cases of definite IIH were identified across 8 sites. In boys, a moderate association between age and BMI Z-scores was noted (Pearson's correlation coefficient, 0.50; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.30-0.66; P < 0.001; n = 72), and in girls, a weak association was noted (Pearson's correlation coefficient, 0.34; 95% CI, 0.20-0.47; P < 0.001; n = 161). The average patient was more likely to be overweight at diagnosis at age 6.7 years in girls and 8.7 years in boys, and obese at diagnosis at age 12.5 years in girls and 12.4 years in boys. Compared with age- and gender-matched reference values, early adolescent patients were taller for age (P = 0.002 in girls and P = 0.02 in boys). Data on Tanner staging, menarchal status, or both were available in 25% of cases (n = 57/233). Prepubertal participants (n = 12) had lower average BMI Z-scores (0.95±1.98) compared with pubertal participants (n = 45; 1.92±0.60), but this result did not reach statistical significance (P = 0.09). CONCLUSIONS: With updated diagnostic criteria and pediatric-specific assessments, the present study identifies 3 subgroups of pediatric IIH: a young group that is not overweight, an early adolescent group that is either overweight or obese, and a late adolescent group that is mostly obese. Data also suggest that the early adolescent group with IIH may be taller than age- and gender-matched reference values. Understanding these features of pediatric IIH may help to illuminate the complex pathogenesis of this condition.
Evaluation of insulin resistance in Turkish girls with premature pubarche using the homeostasis assessment (HOMA) model.$$$ Premature pubarche can be benign, or it can be an early marker of insulin resistance in some girls. The aim of this study was to evaluate insulin resistance in prepubertal girls presenting with premature pubarche (n = 19; mean age = 6.93 +/- 1.78) as compared to age- and Tanner stage-matched controls (n = 10; mean age = 7.55 +/- 1.32) using indirect insulin resistance parameters. Two groups were compared by means of oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), indirect insulin resistance (IR) parameters [homeostasis assessment (HOMA) models: HOMA-IR, glucose/insulin (G/I)] and serum lipid profiles. In the girls with premature pubarche, mean baseline insulin level and HOMA-IR value were significantly higher and G/I ratio was lower than in the control group. IR was observed in 42.1% and in 31.6% according to HOMA-IR value and G/I ratio, respectively. Even at diagnosis, IR was increased in a significant portion of the girls with premature pubarche. FAU - Evliyaoğlu, Olcay
PREVIEW (Prevention of Diabetes Through Lifestyle Intervention and Population Studies in Europe and Around the World) study in children aged 10 to 17 years: Design, methods and baseline results.$$$ Insulin resistance (IR) in adolescence is associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus [T2DM]. The PREVIEW (Prevention of Diabetes Through Lifestyle Intervention and Population Studies in Europe and Around the World) study assessed the effectiveness of a high-protein, low-glycaemic-index diet and a moderate-protein, moderate-glycaemic-index diet to decrease IR in insulin-resistant children who were overweight or obese. Inclusion criteria were age 10 to 17 years, homeostatic model assessment of IR (HOMA-IR) ≥2.0 and overweight/obesity. In 126 children (mean ± SD age 13.6 ± 2.2 years, body mass index [BMI] z-score 3.04 ± 0.66, HOMA-IR 3.48 ± 2.28) anthropometrics, fat mass percentage (FM%), metabolic characteristics, physical activity, food intake and sleep were measured. Baseline characteristics did not differ between the groups. IR was higher in pubertal children with morbid obesity than in prepubertal children with morbid obesity (5.41 ± 1.86 vs 3.23 ± 1.86; P = .007) and prepubertal and pubertal children with overweight/obesity (vs 3.61 ± 1.60, P = .004, and vs 3.40 ± 1.50, P < .001, respectively). IR was associated with sex, Tanner stage, BMI z-score and FM%. Fasting glucose concentrations were negatively associated with Baecke sport score (r = -0.223, P = .025) and positively with daytime sleepiness (r = 0.280, P = .016) independent of sex, Tanner stage, BMI z-score and FM%. In conclusion, IR was most severe in pubertal children with morbid obesity. The associations between fasting glucose concentration and Baecke sport score and sleepiness suggest these might be possible targets for diabetes prevention.
Cardiometabolic differences in children born after in vitro fertilization: follow-up study.$$$ CONTEXT: Increasing evidence suggests that adverse conditions during early prenatal life are associated with cardiometabolic dysfunction in postnatal life. In vitro fertilization (IVF) conception may be an early prenatal life event with long-term health consequences. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to investigate several cardiometabolic measures in 8- to 18-yr-old IVF singletons and spontaneously conceived controls born from subfertile parents. DESIGN AND SETTING: This follow-up study was conducted at the VU University Medical Center, Amsterdam, The Netherlands. PARTICIPANTS: Blood pressure was examined in 225 IVF-conceived children and 225 age- and gender-matched spontaneously conceived control children. Several indicators of insulin resistance were studied in a pubertal subpopulation (131 IVF children and 131 controls). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Blood pressure, fasting glucose, and fasting insulin were determined. RESULTS: Systolic and diastolic blood pressure levels were higher in IVF children than controls (109 +/- 11 vs. 105 +/- 10 mm Hg, P < 0.001; and 61 +/- 7 vs. 59 +/- 7 mm Hg, P < 0.001, respectively). Children born after IVF were also more likely to be in the highest systolic and diastolic blood pressure quartiles (odds ratio = 2.1, 95% confidence interval 1.4, 3.3; odds ratio = 1.9, 95% confidence interval 1.2, 3.0, respectively). Furthermore, higher fasting glucose levels were observed in pubertal IVF children (5.0 +/- 0.4 vs. 4.8 +/- 0.4 mmol/liter in controls; P = 0.005). Blood pressure and fasting glucose differences could not be explained by current body size, birth weight, and other early life factors or by parental characteristics, including subfertility cause. CONCLUSIONS: These findings highlight the importance of continued cardiometabolic monitoring of IVF-conceived children and might contribute to current knowledge about periconceptional influences and their consequences in later life. FAU - Ceelen, Manon
Combined association of maternal and paternal family history of diabetes with plasma leptin and adiponectin in overweight Hispanic children.$$$ AIMS: To investigate the importance of a maternal and paternal family history of Type 2 diabetes and their combined association with plasma leptin and adiponectin levels in overweight Latino children with a family history of Type 2 diabetes (T2DM). METHODS: This cross-sectional study investigated the combined association of a maternal and paternal family history of T2DM with leptin and adiponectin in 175 overweight Latino children (age 11.1 +/- 1.7 years). All subjects had a family history of T2DM. Plasma adiponectin and leptin levels, body fat measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, Tanner stage, age and insulin sensitivity were assessed. RESULTS: After adjustment for age, gestational diabetes, insulin sensitivity and body fat, a combined maternal and paternal family history of T2DM was associated with higher leptin concentrations (P = 0.004) compared with a maternal or paternal family history alone. This association was most pronounced at Tanner stage 1 (P for interaction family history x tanner stage = 0.022). The presence of a combined maternal and paternal family history of T2DM accounted for 4% (P = 0.003) of the variation in leptin concentrations. No such combined association was observed for adiponectin levels. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal and paternal family history of T2DM may have an additive impact on leptin, but not on adiponectin levels independent of adiposity and insulin sensitivity in overweight Latino children. This may contribute to a further clinically relevant deterioration of metabolic health in this population. FAU - Koebnick, C
Morphological and metabolic determinants of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in obese youth: a pilot study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) related to obesity has been rising in the last decades, though the morphological and metabolic determinants are remain unclear in children. The aim of this study was to analyze the morphological determinants and metabolic abnormalities in obese children and adolescents, classified either as with (P-NAFLD) or without (N-NAFLD). The sample comprised 190 individuals, aged 6 to 16 years-old, assigned into one of 4 groups according to sex and presence or absence of NAFLD. Obesity was obtained according to body mass index (BMI) cut-points. Body composition variables was estimated by Dual-Energy X-ray Absorptiometry (DEXA). Total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C), LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C), insulin, fasting glucose (FG) and blood pressure were also analyzed. The diagnosis of NAFLD, as well as the measurement of intra-abdominal fat tissue thickness (IAF) and subcutaneous abdominal fat tissue thickness (SCF), was carried-out by ultrasound. RESULTS: Males and females belonging to P-NAFLD group showed, respectively, higher TFM and IAF. When data were adjusted for sex, age and total fat mass, those in P-NAFLD showed statistically higher IAF, TFM and TG. CONCLUSION: Our study showed that obese youngsters who were assigned to P-NAFLD group were twice as likely to present higher concentration of triglycerides, higher levels of trunk fat, as well as intra-abdominal fat compared to their N-NAFLD counterparts even after adjustments for sex, age, pubertal stage and total body fat mass. FAU - Monteiro, Paula A
Hyperandrogenism in adolescent girls: relationship with the somatotrophic axis.$$$ BACKGROUND: During puberty there is a physiologic increase in adrenal and ovarian androgens. It has been suggested that the somatotrophic axis may be related to the development of hyperandrogenism and anovulation in non-obese adult women with polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS). The objective of the study was to investigate whether ovarian androgen secretion in young postmenarchal girls is related to the function of their somatotropic axis. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study of adolescent girls. We studied non-obese adolescent girls with hyperandrogenism (HA; n = 21) matched with control girls (C; n = 25) for chronological age, age at menarche and body mass index. We obtained a fasting blood sample for measurement of serum glucose, insulin, 17-hydroxyprogesterone (17OH-Prog), dehydroepiandrosterone-sulfate (DHEA-S), androstenedione, sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), total testosterone, IGF-I, IGF-II, IGFBP-1, IGFBP-3, ghrelin, leptin, AMH (antiMüllerian hormone), luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) during the follicular phase of the menstrual period. We performed an oral glucose tolerance test to determine blood glucose, insulin and ghrelin levels and urine samples to measure urinary GH (growth hormone) levels. RESULTS: As expected, the hyperandrogenic girls had significantly higher Ferriman scores, basal total testosterone, free androgen index (FAI), androstenedione, AMH, and basal LH levels compared with the girls in controls. Serum IGF-I, IGF-II, IGFBP-3 and urinary GH did not differ between HA and C. There was a correlation between urinary GH and FAI in all girls (r 0.29, p < 0.05). In addition, in HA girls FAI correlated with insulin, homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) and ghrelin. CONCLUSIONS: We observed a correlation between urinary GH and FAI in the hyperandrogenic and control girls, suggesting that the function of the somatotrophic axis may influence the secretion of androgens in adolescent girls. FAU - Hernandez, María Isabel
Ghrelin, IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ There is a strong relationship between ghrelin, insulin, glucose and IGF-I/IGFBP-3 metabolism. This aim of this study was to investigate ghrelin level, and its relationship with IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM1). Twenty-seven children with DM1 and 25 healthy controls were investigated. Ghrelin levels were similar, and IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels were lower, in prepubertal and pubertal patients compared to controls. In the patient group, ghrelin levels were negatively correlated with chronological age, height, weight, pubertal status and IGF-I, but had no correlation with fasting glucose, HbA1c, insulin dose, duration of insulin therapy, and IGFBP-3 levels. Similar ghrelin levels in patients compared to controls may suggest that ghrelin levels remain unchanged in children with DM1, or that altered ghrelin levels at diagnosis recover as a consequence of insulin therapy. The lack of correlation of serum ghrelin levels with fasting plasma glucose, HbA1c and insulin dose suggests that ghrelin level is not affected by these parameters. Decreased IGF-I level and its negative correlation with ghrelin are compatible with previous findings. FAU - Bideci, Aysun
Age at Menarche and Gallstone Disease in Middle-Aged Women.$$$ The goal of this study was to explore the association between age at menarche and gallstone disease (GSD) in Korean women and to determine whether any of the observed associations were mediated by adult adiposity. A cross-sectional study was performed on 83 275 Korean women, aged 30 years or older, who underwent a health checkup examination between March 2011 and April 2013. Information regarding age at menarche was collected using standardized, self-administered questionnaires. Gallstone disease was defined as either having gallstones or having had a cholecystectomy based on ultrasound. Logistic regression models were used to evaluate the association between age at menarche and GSD. Of the 83 275 women evaluated in this study, 3341 had GSD. Age at menarche was negatively associated with the prevalence of GSD. In a multivariable-adjusted model adjusting for potential confounders including reproductive factors and body weight at age 20, the odds ratios (95% confidence intervals) for GSD comparing menarche at <12, 12, 14, 15, and 16 to 18 years to menarche at 13 years were 1.46 (1.23-1.75), 1.19 (1.04-1.35), 0.97 (0.87-1.09), 0.92 (0.82-1.03), and 0.89 (0.78-1.02), respectively (P for trend <.001). Adjusting for adult body mass index or percentage fat mass (%) partially reduced these associations; however, they remained statistically significant. Early menarche was associated with increasing prevalence of GSD in a large sample of middle-aged women. The findings of this study extend the range of adverse health outcomes associated with early menarche and suggest that obesity prevention strategies could be useful for reducing the risk of GSD in women who experience early menarche.
Determinants of microangiopathy in growth-onset diabetes. With special reference to retinopathy and glycaemic control.$$$ In a quasi-experiment all diabetic children in a defined area were exposed either to an intense clinical treatment or served as a constructed control. The cohort of 146 diabetics was observed prospectively for at least 15 years as to diabetic control, mainly glycosuria, and cross-sectionally examined for microangiopathy on four occasions. Data on family background, social situation, smoking, blood pressure, biochemical status, anthropometry, HLA factors and mortality were also gathered. Throughout the analysis duration was considered and treated as a concomitant variable. Two different strategies have been followed in the analysis, one trying to predict microangiopathy at a fixed and predetermined duration, the other to study determinants of the pattern of microangiopathy occurrence over time. Multiple logistic regression and Cox analysis have been used to fit these strategies. The prevalence of microaneurysms or more advanced stages of retinopathy at 10 years duration was 30 per cent and within 20 years 81 per cent. About 52 per cent had haemorrhages after 20 years. Mild and severe nephropathy after 20 years have been contracted by 50 and 15 per cent respectively. No clear sex differences were seen. Variables significantly explaining retinopathy within 10 years were post-pubertal duration, blood pressure, place of medical supervision and the HLA/DR4 marker. The mean glycosuria was high during puberty irrespective of age at onset. The overall pattern of retinopathy occurrence seemed to be influenced by place of medical supervision, age at onset, blood pressure, family history of ischaemic heart disease and glycemic control. For the progression of retinopathy the role of factors reflecting medical supervision and control of diabetes seemed even greater. Even after accounting for degree of diabetic control the experimental group had a more favourable outcome, suggesting additional quality of care components. Mild nephropathy was less predictable from the above risk factors while previous findings of the important role of elevated blood pressure for severe nephropathy was confirmed. We estimate that half of retinopathy cases were preventable by the "experimental" care and conclude the near-normalization of glycaemia under routine conditions favourably influences the development of diabetic retinopathy. FAU - Sterky, G
Fasting plasma insulin level is an important risk factor for the development of complications in Japanese obese children--results from a cross-sectional and a longitudinal study.$$$ It is not known what types of factors may contribute to the development of complications in obese children. In the current investigation, we have performed a cross-sectional and a longitudinal study in Japanese obese children to clarify the relationship of the extent of obesity, fat distribution, insulin resistance, and aging to the development of obesity-related complications. In the cross-sectional study of 329 obese boys and 142 obese girls aged 7 to 15 years, the fasting plasma immunoreactive insulin (IRI) level was significantly higher than that of 46 non-obese boys and 48 non-obese girls (boys, 13.4 +/- 6.7 v 4.9 +/- 1.9 microU/mL, P < .001; girls, 14.0 +/- 5.9 v 4.8 +/- 1.8, P < .001). Linear regression analysis demonstrated that fasting plasma IRI correlated positively with fasting plasma glucose (FPG), triglycerides (TG), uric acid (UA), and systolic blood pressure (SBP) in obese boys, and with TG, SBP, and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) in obese girls, and negatively with serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) in both obese boys and girls. Multiple regression analysis demonstrated that fasting plasma IRI was independently and positively correlated with FPG, TG, and SBP in obese boys. Fasting plasma IRI in obese girls was positively correlated with TG, SBP, and DBP, and negatively with HDL-C. FPG decreased significantly in non-obese children at the onset of puberty, but it remained unchanged in obese children. Fasting plasma IRI and the IRI to glucose ratio increased with age in obese children, whereas they did not show any significant changes in non-obese children.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS) FAU - Islam, A H
Correlation of sex steroids with IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 during different pubertal stages.$$$ Insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) is the major factor that affects linear bone growth. Also, androgens and estrogens are necessary for increasing longitudinal bone growth during sexual maturation. The aim of this study was to investigate the relationships among IGF-1 axis and sex steroids during pubertal development in healthy adolescents. In this cross-sectional study, IGF-1, IGF binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) and sex steroid levels (estradiol in girls, testosterone in boys) of 205 healthy adolescents (101 female, 104 male) aged 9-17 years were measured. All subjects were apparently healthy, with no growth retardation and with skeletal ages appropriate for chronological ages, and none were taking medications known to influence calcium homeostasis. Greulich and Pyle's Radiographic Atlas of Skeletal Development of the Hand and Wrist was used for determination of skeletal ages. Tanner's classification was used to determine the pubertal developmental stage. Fasting blood samples were obtained from subjects between 09:00-10:00 h. Serum IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 levels differed significantly between pubertal developmental stages. Serum IGF-1 levels and IGF-1/IGFBP-3 ratios increased with proceeding stages and maximum mean values were found at stages III-IV in girls and at stage IV in boys. Estradiol levels of girls and testosterone levels of boys differed significantly between stages, and in both sexes, serum IGF-1 levels and IGF-1/IGFBP-3 ratios were significantly correlated with sex steroid levels. Increase in growth hormone secretion increases IGF-1 levels. Furthermore, increasing sex steroids with pubertal development increase the IGF-1 levels and IGF-1/IGFBP-3 ratios that affect bone growth. FAU - Kanbur-Oksüz, Nuray
Effect of Slow Wave Sleep Disruption on Metabolic Parameters in Adolescents.$$$ STUDY OBJECTIVES: Cross-sectional studies report a correlation between slow wave sleep (SWS) duration and insulin sensitivity (SI) in children and adults. Suppression of SWS causes insulin resistance in adults but effects in children are unknown. This study was designed to determine the effect of SWS fragmentation on SI in children. METHODS: Fourteen pubertal children (11.3-14.1 y, body mass index 29(th) to 97(th) percentile) were randomized to sleep studies and mixed meal (MM) tolerance tests with and without SWS disruption. Beta-cell responsiveness (Φ) and SI were determined using oral minimal modeling. RESULTS: During the disruption night, auditory stimuli (68.1 ± 10.7/night; mean ± standard error) decreased SWS by 40.0 ± 8.0%. SWS fragmentation did not affect fasting glucose (non-disrupted 76.9 ± 2.3 versus disrupted 80.6 ± 2.1 mg/dL), insulin (9.2 ± 1.6 versus 10.4 ± 2.0 μIU/mL), or C-peptide (1.9 ± 0.2 versus 1.9 ± 0.1 ng/mL) levels and did not impair SI (12.9 ± 2.3 versus 10.1 ± 1.6 10(-4) dL/kg/min per μIU/mL) or Φ (73.4 ± 7.8 versus 74.4 ± 8.4 10(-9) min(-1)) to a MM challenge. Only the subjects in the most insulin-sensitive tertile demonstrated a consistent decrease in SI after SWS disruption. CONCLUSION: Pubertal children across a range of body mass indices may be resistant to the adverse metabolic effects of acute SWS disruption. Only those subjects with high SI (i.e., having the greatest "metabolic reserve") demonstrated a consistent decrease in SI. These results suggest that adolescents may have a unique ability to adapt to metabolic stressors, such as acute SWS disruption, to maintain euglycemia. Additional studies are necessary to confirm that this resiliency is maintained in settings of chronic SWS disruption.
Prevalence and risk factors for type 2 diabetes mellitus with Prader-Willi syndrome: a single center experience.$$$ BACKGROUND: Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) is often related to severe obesity and type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). However, few studies, and none in Korea, have examined prevalence of T2DM and other variables in PWS. The aim of this study was to identify the prevalence and associated risk factors for T2DM in Korean patients with PWS. METHODS: We performed a retrospective cohort study of the 84 PWS patients aged 10 or over (10.3-35.8 years of age) diagnosed with PWS at Samsung Medical Center from 1994 to 2016. We estimated occurrence of T2DM according to age (10-18 years versus >18 years), body mass index (BMI), genotype, history of growth hormone therapy, homeostasis model of assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and the presence of dyslipidemia, hypogonadism, or central precocious puberty. Additionally, we investigated cutoff values of risk factors for development of T2DM. RESULTS: Twenty-nine of a total 211 patients, diagnosed with PWS over the study period, were diagnosed as having T2DM (13.7%, mean age 15.9 ± 3.6 years). In the >18 years group, obesity, HOMA-IR, and presence of dyslipidemia, hypogonadism, or central precocious puberty were associated with the occurrence of T2DM in univariate analysis. In multivariate logistic regression analysis, only obesity (p = 0.001) and HOMA-IR (p < 0.001) were significant predictive factors for T2DM. Based on the receiver operating a characteristic curve analysis, the cutoff values of HOMA-IR and BMI for predicting T2DM were >2.7 and >28.49 kg/m(2), respectively. Of the 29 patients, seven had ≥1 microvascular complication, with non-proliferative diabetic retinopathy in 6 of 7 cases. Advanced age and HOMA-IR were positively correlated with diabetic microvascular complications (p < 0.05, Spearman correlation coefficient 0.393 and 0.434, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of diabetes in Korean PWS was similar to that in previous results. BMI and HOMA-IR were strong predictive factors for the development of T2DM in PWS. We specifically suggest the regular monitoring of glucose homeostasis parameters through a detailed settlement of ethnically specific cutoff values for BMI and HOMA-IR in PWS to prevent progression of T2DM and diabetic microvascular complications. FAU - Yang, Aram
Inhibin B, AMH, but not INSL3, IGF1 or DHEAS support differentiation between constitutional delay of growth and puberty and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism.$$$ In pre-pubertal boys ≥ 14 years, the differentiation between constitutional delay of growth and puberty (CDGP) and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (HH) is challenging, as current diagnostic tools have limitations in sensitivity and specificity. The aim of this study was to assess the usefulness of markers of gonadal activity, growth axis activation and adrenarche in differentiation between pre-pubertal CDGP and HH. This retrospective study was carried out between 2006 and 2015 in an academic out-patient referral centre. The clinical data of 94 boys, aged 13.9-23.2 years and referred for "pubertal delay" were reviewed. Definite diagnoses were established on initial work-up and clinical follow-up: 24 boys were diagnosed with HH, 22 boys with CDGP, pre-pubertal (PP CDGP) at referral and 28 boys with CDGP, early pubertal at referral (EP CDGP), the latter serving as control group. Twenty patients were excluded from evaluation because of previous sex steroid treatment or associated chronic disease. Inhibin B and AMH were measured in all (n = 74); INSL3, IGF1, IGFBP3 and DHEAS in a subset of patients (n = 45) in serum of first presentation. Inhibin B and AMH were higher in boys with PP CDGP than in boys with HH: inhibin B: 87.6 ± 42.5 vs. 19.8 ± 13.9 pg/mL; p < 0.001; AMH: 44.9 ± 27.1 vs. 15.4 ± 8.3 ng/mL; p < 0.001. Receiver operating characteristics (ROC) for the diagnosis of PPCDGP vs. HH (inhibin B ≥ 28.5 pg/mL): sensitivity: 95%, specificity: 75%; AUC: 0.955. In combination with an AMH cut-off ≥20 ng/mL the specificity increased to 83%. INSL3, IGF1, IGFBP3 and DHEAS levels were not different. In boys with EP CDGP, inhibin B and IGF1 levels were highest (138.7 ± 59.9 pg/mL/289.7 ± 117 ng/mL), whereas AMH levels were lowest (11.7 ± 9.1 ng/mL). Sertoli cell markers are helpful for establishing a prognosis, whether a boy with pubertal delay will enter puberty spontaneously, whereas Leydig cell, growth and adrenal markers are not.
Risk factors for diabetes in familial partial lipodystrophy, Dunnigan variety.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Familial partial lipodystrophy, Dunnigan variety (FPLD), is an autosomal dominant disorder due to missense mutations in the lamin A/C (LMNA) gene encoding nuclear lamina proteins. It is characterized by loss of subcutaneous fat from the extremities and trunk and accumulation of fat in the head and neck region beginning at puberty. Patients with FPLD are predisposed to metabolic complications of insulin resistance such as diabetes. We sought to identify risk factors for diabetes in patients with FPLD. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A cross-sectional study comparing clinical, biochemical, and anthropometric variables and LMNA genotypes in FPLD patients with and without diabetes. RESULTS: We studied 52 women and 24 men with FPLD from 18 different families. Twenty-eight women (54%) but only four men (17%) had diabetes (P < 0.001); therefore further comparisons were mostly limited to women. Compared with women without diabetes, those with diabetes had higher BMI (median values 23 vs. 24 kg/m(2), respectively; P = 0.03), increased chin skinfold thickness (10 vs. 20 mm; P = 0.001), lower rates of nulliparity (60% vs. 28%; P = 0.04), and higher levels of fasting serum triglycerides (2.4 vs. 3.5 mmol/l; P < 0.001) but similar serum leptin levels (3.4 vs. 3.6 ng/ml; P = 0.9). The prevalence of diabetes was not related to age, menopausal status, family history of type 2 diabetes in unaffected relatives, or LMNA genotype. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that increased adiposity as reflected by excess subcutaneous fat accumulation in the chin region and parity may predispose women with FPLD to develop diabetes. FAU - Haque, Wasim A
Abdominal circumference measurement by ultrasound does not enhance estimating the association of visceral fat with cardiovascular risk.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the association between visceral fat and cardiovascular risk factors and to compare the ultrasonographic measurements of abdominal visceral fat with abdominal circumference (AC). METHODS: This observational cross-sectional study categorized pubertal and postpubertal adolescents into a control group (n = 49) and an obese group (n = 46). Weight, height, AC, blood pressure, biochemical tests (lipid profile, triacylglycerols, fasting glucose for insulinemia, and serum uric acid), and ultrasound to measure visceral fat were assessed. RESULTS: We found significant differences in the vascular risk variables between the groups, except for total cholesterol and fasting blood glucose level. We also observed that 31 subjects in the control group presented abnormalities in cardiovascular risk factors. The correlations between abdominal visceral fat (measured by ultrasound or the AC) and cardiovascular risk factors were significant. In the entire sample, AC presented better sensitivity and specificity than the ultrasound-measured abdominal visceral fat for identifying the presence of a cluster of at least three cardiovascular risk factors (areas under the receiver operating characteristics curve 0.87 and 0.73, respectively). CONCLUSION: Ultrasonographic measurements of visceral fat were correlated with cardiovascular risk factors, but this association was also demonstrable with AC measurements. Our results suggest that the measurement of visceral fat by ultrasound is unnecessary for the diagnosis of cardiovascular risk in well-nourished or obese adolescents.
Overexpression of placental leptin in diabetic pregnancy: a critical role for insulin.$$$ Leptin, a small peptide produced by adipocytes, is implicated in an increasing number of endocrine regulations, including adiposity, satiety, puberty, and fertility. Although the factors involved in controlling maternal and fetal weight gain during pregnancy have not been fully elucidated, leptin has recently emerged as such a potential factor. In our study, we report the presence of high amounts of leptin mRNA and immunoreactive protein in the human placenta, establishing the placental synthesis of this hormone. A large (three- to fivefold) augmentation in leptin mRNA and protein was found in placentas from insulin-treated diabetic women. This finding was associated with increased concentrations of leptin and insulin in venous cord blood without modification of maternal circulating leptin levels. These data provide evidence that the placenta is a site for regulated leptin production in utero. Insulin is likely to play a critical role in this regulation, thus emphasizing the importance of placental leptin signaling in diabetic pregnancy. FAU - Lepercq, J
Change in blood pressure during pubertal insulin resistance.$$$ To examine the levels and relationship of blood pressure and insulin during puberty, blood pressure and serum insulin were measured in 3596 subjects, aged 3-18 y, whose pubertal status was graded according to the Tanner classification. The same study protocol was repeated in two follow-up surveys 3 and 6 y later for 2991 6-21-y-old subjects and 2799 9-24-y-old subjects, respectively. There was a 37-66% increase in insulin at Tanner stage 3 (pubic hair) among the female subjects and at Tanner stage 5 (pubic hair) among the male subjects, after which insulin started to decrease. The mean systolic and diastolic blood pressure increased steadily throughout puberty. The rise in blood pressure continued during early adulthood, despite the decrease in serum insulin. The correlation between systolic blood pressure and insulin measured in the same year was weak at each pubertal stage after standardization for weight, except among the female subjects at mid puberty. There was no relation between diastolic blood pressure and insulin. Adult systolic blood pressure could be predicted by pubertal insulin among the male subjects after adjustment for age and weight (partial correlation coefficient 0.21), but among the female subjects this relation was trivial (partial correlation coefficient 0.08). We conclude that the correlation between insulin and actual blood pressure vanishes during puberty, whereas pubertal insulin and future adult male systolic blood pressure seem to correlate. FAU - Taittonen, L
Effects of strength training on intra-abdominal adipose tissue in obese prepubertal girls.$$$ PURPOSE: The purpose of this study was to determine the effects of strength training on fat distribution and its relationship to glucose tolerance in obese prepubertal girls. METHODS: A strength training intervention study was designed in which the children exercised three times per week for 5 months. Twelve healthy, obese prepubertal girls (ages 7-10 yr, > 95th percentile weight for height) were enrolled in the study. Body composition was measured by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry and computed tomography, and glucose tolerance was measured by a 3-h oral glucose tolerance test at baseline and after training. RESULTS: Significant increases in height, weight, fat-free mass, fat mass, and subcutaneous abdominal adipose tissue occurred after training (P < 0.05), whereas intra-abdominal adipose tissue (IAAT) remained stable (N = 11). Insulin area was highly correlated with IAAT before (r = 0.91) and after (r = 0.90) training (both P < 0.01, N = 9). CONCLUSION: In growing obese prepubertal girls undergoing a strength training program, IAAT remains unchanged, whereas subcutaneous abdominal fat and total body fat increased; insulin area is related to IAAT in these children. FAU - Treuth, M S
A cross-sectional study of vitamin D and insulin resistance in children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Vitamin D deficiency is common and has been associated with several non-bone/calcium related outcomes. The objective was to determine the association between serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25-OH-D) and fasting glucose, insulin and insulin sensitivity in obese and non-obese children. PATIENTS/SETTING/DESIGN: Cross-sectional study of 85 children aged 4-18 years recruited from the local Philadelphia community and Sleep Center. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Fasting blood glucose, insulin and 25-OH-D were measured. Insulin resistance was calculated using homeostasis model assessment (HOMA). Body mass index standard deviation scores (BMI-Z) and pubertal stage were determined. Multivariable linear regression was used to determine factors associated with decreased 25-OH-D and to determine the association of vitamin D with HOMA. RESULTS: Median 25-OH-D was 52 nmol/l (IQR 34-76). 26% of subjects were vitamin D sufficient (25-OH-D ≥75 nmol/l), 27% had intermediate values (50-75 nmol/l) and 47% were insufficient (25-50 nmol/l) or frankly deficient (<25 nmol/l). In the multivariable model, older age, higher BMI-Z and African-American race were all negatively associated with 25-OH-D; summer was positively associated with 25-OH-D. Lower 25-OH-D was associated with higher fasting blood glucose, insulin and HOMA after adjustment for puberty and BMI-Z. CONCLUSION: Low 25-OH-D, common in the paediatric population at risk for diabetes (older children, African-Americans, children with increasing BMI-Z) is associated with worse insulin resistance. FAU - Kelly, Andrea
Body mass index at the time of diagnosis of autoimmune type 1 diabetes in children.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To describe the body mass index (BMI) distribution of children developing autoimmune type 1 diabetes (T1D) compared with the general population and to assess factors associated with BMI at T1D onset. STUDY DESIGN: Children age 2-<19 years enrolled in the Pediatric Diabetes Consortium at 7 US pediatric diabetes centers at T1D onset were included. Eligibility for analysis required a diagnosis of T1D, ≥1 positive diabetes autoantibody, and availability of BMI within 14 days of diagnosis. BMI at diagnosis was compared with the general population as described by the 2000 Centers for Disease Control. Regression analysis was used to assess the association between BMI and various participant characteristics. RESULTS: BMI scores for the 490 participants were slightly lower than the 2000 Centers for Disease Control population (P = .04). The median BMI percentile for age and sex was 48(th), 11% of the children were overweight (BMI ≥85(th) and <95(th) percentile), 8% obese (BMI ≥95(th) and <99(th) percentile), and 2% severely obese (≥99(th) percentile), percentages that were comparable across age and sex groups. Higher BMI Z-scores were associated with African American and Hispanic race/ethnicity (P = .001) and lower hemoglobin A1c (P < .001), and diabetic ketoacidosis, age, and Tanner stage were not associated. CONCLUSIONS: Although the BMI distribution in children developing autoimmune T1D was lower than that of the general population, 21% of children were obese or overweight. Youth who are overweight, obese, racial/ethnic minority, and/or present without diabetic ketoacidosis should not be presumed to have type 2 diabetes because many patients with autoantibody-positive T1D present with the same clinical characteristics.
Growth, development, puberty and adult height before and during treatment in children with congenital isolated growth hormone deficiency.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To describe the growth, development and puberty in children with congenital IGHD before and during hGH treatment. SUBJECTS: Patients with cIGHD treated by hGH between the years 1958-1992. SETTING: All patients were diagnosed, treated and followed in our clinic. PARTICIPANTS: Data were found in 37/41 patients (21 m, 16 f). 34 had hGH-1A deletions, 7 GHRH-R mutations. Patients, referred after age 25, were excluded. RESULTS: The birth length of 10/37 neonates was 48.29±2.26 (44-50) cm. Birth weight of 28/37 neonates was 3380±370 g (m), 3230±409 g (f). Neuromotor milestones were variable. Age at referral was 5.7±4.2 y (m) and 5.6±3.8 y (f). Initiation of hGH treatment (35μg/kg/d) was 7.5±4.8, (0.8-15.08) y (m) and 6.8±4.36 (0.8-16.5) y (f). Height SDS increased from -4.3 to -1.8 (m) and from -4.5 to -2.6 (f). Head circumference increased from -2.6 to -1.3 (m) and from -2.7 to -2.3 (f). BMI increased from 15.8 to 20.6 (m) and from 15.5 to 20.4 (f). There was a negative correlation between age of hGH initiation and change in height SDS (r=-0.66; ρ<0.01), same for bone age (r=-0.69; ρ<0.01). Upper/lower body ratio decreased from 2.5±2.1 (m±SD) to 1.08±0.1 (ρ<0.0005). Puberty was delayed in boys, less so in girls. Mean age of 1st ejaculation (14 m) was 17.6±2.2 y and of menarche (14 f. was 13.7±1.2 y. In both genders there was a positive correlation between age at start of hGH and age at onset of puberty (r=0.57; ρ<0.01). All reached full sexual development but the penile and testicular sizes were below normal. There was a positive correlation between length of hGH treatment and final testicular volume (r=0.597, ρ=0.05) and a negative correlation between the age at initiation of hGH treatment and final testicular volume(r=-0.523, ρ=0.018). All were obese and hGH treatment increased the adiposity progressively (r=0.418, ρ=0.013). CONCLUSION: Early diagnosis and treatment of cIGHD enables normal or near normal growth, development and puberty.
Longitudinal assessment of circulating insulin-like peptide 3 levels in healthy peripubertal girls.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To elucidate the natural course of circulating insulin-like peptide 3 (INSL3) levels according to puberty as well as its relation to other reproductive hormones. DESIGN: Population-based cohort study. SETTING: Not applicable. PATIENT(S): Healthy peripubertal girls (n = 10) examined every 6 months; total number of examinations was 84; median (range) per girl: 9 (4-10), including staging of pubertal breast development and blood samples. INTERVENTION(S): None. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Serum levels of INSL3, inhibin B, E2, antimüllerian hormone, LH, and FSH (validated immunoassays), and T and androstenedione (liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry). RESULT(S): Serum levels of INSL3 varied considerably between girls (range, 0.01-0.27 ng/mL) and within each girl as puberty progressed; intraindividual variation, median (range) 102% (65%-143%). Insulin-like peptide 3 increased in late puberty (B1 to B4+B5); geometric mean 0.03 ng/mL to 0.15 ng/mL. Insulin-like peptide 3 levels reflected markers of large follicles (T, androstendione, inhibin B, and E2) better than markers of small follicles (antimüllerian hormone), and INSL3 staining was localized in theca interna cells of antral follicles. CONCLUSION(S): Insulin-like peptide 3 increased in late puberty, albeit inter- and intraindividual variations were substantial. Immunohistochemistry and intraindividual variation, as well as relations to other ovarian hormones, reveal that INSL3 in girls is a unique and specific marker of theca cells surrounding antral follicles. The potential clinical use of INSL3 for evaluation of ovarian function in girls remains to be elucidated.
A test of the Bruhn and Parcel Model of Health Promotion.$$$ The purposes of this study were to test the Bruhn and Parcel Model of Health Promotion (BPMHP) (1982), which explains how family influences and children's developmental characteristics interact to affect child health behaviors. The descriptive, correlational study was conducted using secondary data from the 117 adolescents included in Adolescents Benefit from Control of Diabetes Study. The results of structural equation modeling analysis indicated that greater parental modeling and positive parental interaction patterns were correlated with higher self-efficacy and lower levels of depressive symptoms among adolescents, which had a direct impact on better adherence. However, more parental modeling and interaction patterns did not have a separate direct effect on better adherence. Thus, the model generated by our data was significantly different from and so only partially supportive of the original BPMHP (1982). In addition, age and Tanner stages that can reflect changes in developmental characteristics were deleted from the concept called "developmental characteristics " in the BPMHP (1982), it may be that that concept should have been termed " psychosocial characteristics " rather than "developmental characteristics". In order to further explore the validity of the BPMHP (1982), future studies should be conducted to re-test this model. FAU - Chiu, Hui-Ju
[Dwarfism and delayed puberty in a child with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus].$$$ A 17-year-old boy who had been treated for insulin-dependent diabetes since age 2, and for coeliac disease since age 6, presented a major growth retardation (-6 SD), a delayed puberty and a hepatomegaly with excessive glycogen storage (Mauriac's syndrome). Improved metabolic control resulted in normal pubertal development and growth catch-up. FAU - Beaufrère, B
Precocious adrenarche in children born appropriate for gestational age: is there a difference between genders?$$$ We aimed to determine whether precocious adrenarche (PA) has a different impact on screening tests for metabolic issues and pubertal timing in boys and girls born appropriate for gestational age (AGA). Puberty and initial metabolic screening results of 47 girls and 23 boys with PA born AGA followed up from our outpatient endocrinology clinic between May 2000 and October 2009 were reviewed. Initial anthropometric measurements except for body mass index standard deviation score (SDS) being higher in boys than girls (p = 0.01), bone age (BA) SDS, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, and plasma lipids were similar between sexes. Hormone levels except for significantly higher dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate levels in boys than girls (p = 0.0006) were also similar between the sexes. BA SDS and BA/chronological age were significantly advanced (p < 0.05) with respect to initial evaluation in 28 girls at onset of gonadarche unlike the case in 13 boys with PA (p > 0.05). In conclusions, PA in children born AGA does not herald any significant differences with respect to adverse metabolic screening results between sexes, and it appears to be a discrete process from onset of puberty in girls unlike boys, in whom it is likely a variant of normal puberty. FAU - Uçar, Ahmet
Racial and ethnic differences among children with new-onset autoimmune Type 1 diabetes.$$$ AIM: To compare demographic and clinical characteristics among children from ethnic minorities and non-Hispanic white children with new-onset autoimmune Type 1 diabetes. METHODS: We analysed a single-centre series of 712 children with new-onset autoimmune Type 1 diabetes between January 2008 and March 2011. The median (range) age was 9.7 (0.3-18.1) years, the mean (sd) BMI percentile was 69.7 (25.4) and 48.3% of the cohort were girls. The cohort comprised 57.3% non-Hispanic white, 20.5% Hispanic and 14.8% African-American children, and 7.4% were of other, mixed or unknown race. RESULTS: The Hispanic subgroup, compared with non-Hispanic white subgroup, had a higher mean (sd) C-peptide level [0.82 (1.62) vs 0.55 (0.47) ng/ml; P=0.004), and a greater proportion of children with elevated BMI (overweight or obesity; 49.6% vs 32.5%; P<0.001) and diabetic ketoacidosis (51.8% vs 38.2%; P=0.006). The African-American group had a higher mean (sd) glucose level [24.4 (12.8) vs 21.4 (10.7) mmol/l; P=0.017], a greater proportion of children with ketoacidosis (56.7% vs 38.2%; P=0.001), a greater proportion with elevated BMI (52.9% vs 32.5%; P<0.001), and a lower proportion of children at pre-pubertal stage (49.0% vs 61.6%; P=0.01), and tended to have higher C-peptide levels [0.65 (0.59) vs 0.55 [0.47] ng/ml; P=0.079) compared with the non-Hispanic white children. The differences in C-peptide levels compared with non-Hispanic white children persisted for Hispanic (P=0.01) but not African-American children (P=0.29) after adjustment for age, sex, BMI, ketoacidosis, glucose, Tanner stage and autoantibody number. CONCLUSION: At the onset of paediatric autoimmune Type 1 diabetes, Hispanic, but not African-American children had higher C-peptide levels, after adjustment for potential confounders, compared with non-Hispanic white children. These findings suggest that ethnicity may contribute to the heterogeneity of Type 1 diabetes pathogenesis, with possible implications for intervention.
The Relationship Between Physical Activity and the Metabolic Syndrome Score in Children.$$$ The relationship between physical activity levels and the metabolic syndrome (MetSyn) score was examined in 72 boys and girls (9.5 ± 1.2 years). A fasting blood draw was obtained; waist circumference and blood pressure measured, and an accelerometer was worn for 5 days. Established cut points were used to estimate time spent in moderate, vigorous, moderate-to-vigorous (MVPA), and total physical activity. A continuous MetSyn score was created from blood pressure, waist circumference, high-density-lipoprotein, triglyceride, and glucose values. Regression analysis was used to examine the relationship between physical activity levels, the MetSyn score, and its related components. Logistic regression was used to examine the association between meeting physical activity recommendations, the MetSyn score, and its related components. All analyses were controlled for body mass index group, age, sex, and race. Time spent in different physical activity levels or meeting physical activity recommendations (OR: 0.87, 95%CI: 0.69-1.09) was not related with the MetSyn score after controlling for potential confounders (p > .05). Moderate physical activity, MVPA, and meeting physical activity recommendations were related to a lower diastolic blood pressure (p < .05). No other relationships were observed (p > .05). While physical activity participation was not related with the MetSyn, lower diastolic blood pressure values were related to higher physical activity levels. FAU - DuBose, Katrina D
Early Menstrual Factors Are Associated with Adulthood Cardio-Metabolic Health in a Survey of Mexican Teachers.$$$ Objectives To evaluate whether age at menarche and time to menstrual regularity were related to cardio-metabolic risk factors in Mexican women. Methods The study population comprised 54,921 women from the 2008-2010 wave of the Mexican Teacher's Cohort. A modified Poisson approach was used; exposures were age at menarche and time to menstrual regularity (< 1 year vs. ≥1 year), and outcomes were prevalent obesity, type 2 diabetes, high blood pressure, and high cholesterol. Results Mean (SD) age of women was 42.1 (7.6) years, and mean (SD) menarcheal age was 12.5 (1.5) years. Compared to women with menarche age 13 years, those with menarche < 9 years had a 65% (95% CI 43-90%); 27% (95% CI 4-55%); and 23% (95% CI 1-49%) higher prevalence of obesity, high blood pressure, and high cholesterol, respectively. For diabetes, there was a U-shaped association; compared to menarche age 13 years, those with menarche < 9 years had an 89% higher prevalence of diabetes (95% CI 39-156%), and those with menarche ≥ 17 years had a 65% higher prevalence (95% CI 16-134%). Among women with regular cycles (n = 43,113), a longer time to menstrual regularity was associated with diabetes (PR = 1.11 with 95% CI 1.02-1.22), high blood pressure (PR = 1.11 with 95% CI 1.06-1.17), and high cholesterol (PR = 1.09 with 95% CI 1.04-1.14). Conclusions for practice Mexican women with earlier and later ages at menarche and/or longer time to menstrual regularity may have higher risk of cardio-metabolic disease in adulthood. FAU - Jansen, Erica C
Insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I and -II and IGF-binding proteins-1, -2, and -3 in children and adolescents with diabetes mellitus: correlation with metabolic control and height attainment.$$$ The putative effects of diabetes and metabolic control on circulating levels of insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) and their binding proteins (IGFBPs) remain controversial. In the present study, serum levels of IGF-I and IGF-II and IGFBP-1, -2, and -3 were measured in 58 patients (age, 0.8-17 yr) with treated (51 subjects) or untreated (7 subjects) insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and were compared with the levels in normal subjects. In the untreated patients IGF-I and IGF-II were decreased as compared with the healthy controls. In the treated diabetics IGF-I and IGF-II were reduced; IGFBP-2 (only in prepubertal subjects) and IGFBP-3 were increased. Furthermore, age-adjusted values of IGF-I, IGF-II, and IGFBP-3 were lower in prepubertal than in pubertal patients. Regression analysis revealed a negative correlation between hemoglobin (Hb)A1c and standard deviation scores (SDS) of IGF-I and a positive association between HbA1c and IGFBP-1 SDS or IGFBP-2 SDS. In the treated patients HbA1c was positively related to IGFBP-1 SDS and IGFBP-2 SDS when applying simple regression analysis and to IGFBP-2 SDS when using a multiple regression model. Strong correlations were observed between height SDS and IGF-I SDS, IGF-II SDS, and IGFBP-3 SDS in prepubertal subjects who had had IDDM for at least 2 yr, but not in adolescents. Such correlations have also been found in healthy children and adolescents. In conclusion; 1) IDDM is associated with alterations of the IGF-IGFBP system, which are partially accounted for by differences in metabolic control and pubertal status; 2) the lower plasma concentrations of serum IGF-I may play a role in the pathogenesis of growth impairment of poorly controlled prepubertal, but not pubertal, children and adolescents with IDDM; and 3) in addition, a potential role of the altered IGF-IGFBP system for the development of diabetic late complications is hypothesized. FAU - Strasser-Vogel, B
Changes in serum insulin-like factor 3 during normal male puberty.$$$ CONTEXT: Insulin-like factor 3 (INSL3) is produced by the Leydig cells, and in adults, its secretion is dependent on the state of differentiation of these cells, which, in turn, is dependent on LH. However, the secretion and regulation of INSL3 during puberty is unknown. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to evaluate INSL3 concentrations during normal male puberty and the relation of INSL3 to LH, FSH, and testosterone. DESIGN AND SETTING: We conducted a cross-sectional study from January to December 2005 at academic clinics. PATIENTS: Participating in the study were 75 healthy male subjects aged 9.5-17.5 yr, homogeneously distributed into five pubertal groups of 15 according to Tanner stages. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: We assessed mean testicular volume and LH, FSH, testosterone, and INSL3 concentrations in relation to age and pubertal stage. RESULTS: We observed an increase of INSL3 and LH levels from Tanner stage 2 to 4, and an increase of FSH from stage 2 to 3. Testosterone levels increased from stage 3 to 4. No differences were seen for all measured hormones between stages 4 and 5. The increase in INSL3 seemed therefore to anticipate the increase in testosterone. However, INSL3 plasma concentrations at pubertal stages 4 and 5 are about one fourth of adult levels, whereas FSH, LH, and testosterone reached adult levels by stage 4. Positive significant correlations were found between INSL3 and LH for all pubertal stages. CONCLUSIONS: This study provides information on the physiological dynamics of INSL3, showing that the serum concentrations of this hormone increased progressively throughout puberty under the differentiating action of LH on Leydig cells. INSL3 is therefore confirmed to represent a marker of Leydig cell differentiation and function. However, a prolonged exposure to LH seems to be necessary to reach INSL3 concentrations of adults. A possible use of INSL3 in puberty disorders is promising. FAU - Ferlin, Alberto
Reproductive, menstrual, and medical risk factors for endometrial cancer: results from a case-control study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to evaluate the risk for endometrial cancer in relation to reproductive, menstrual, and medical factors. STUDY DESIGN: A case-control study of 405 endometrial cancer cases and 297 population controls in five areas of the United States enabled risk to be evaluated. RESULTS: A major risk factor was the absence of a prior pregnancy (relative risk 2.8, 95% confidence interval 1.7 to 4.6). The protective effect of pregnancy appeared to reflect the influence of term births, because spontaneous and induced abortions were unrelated to risk. Among nulliparous women infertility was a significant risk factor, with women having sought medical advice having nearly eight times the risk of those without difficulty conceiving. After adjustment for other reproductive characteristics, age at first birth and duration of breast-feeding were not related to risk. CONCLUSIONS: Elevated risks were found for subjects reporting early ages at menarche (relative risk 2.4 for ages < 12 vs > or = 15) and longer days of flow (relative risk 1.9 for > or = 7 vs < 4 days), but there was no relationship with late ages at natural menopause. Height was not associated with risk, but there was a significant relation to weight, with the risk for 200 versus < 125 pounds being 7.2 (95% confidence interval 3.9 to 13.3). After adjustment for weight and other factors, histories of hypertension and gallbladder disease were not significantly related to risk, but an effect of diabetes persisted (relative risk 2.0, 95% confidence interval 1.1 to 3.6). Hirsutism developing at older ages was also significantly related (relative risk 2.0, 95% confidence interval 1.2 to 3.4). FAU - Brinton, L A
British South Asians aged 13-16 years have higher fasting glucose and insulin levels than Europeans.$$$ AIM: To examine whether plasma glucose, insulin resistance and markers of adiposity differed between British adolescents of South Asian and European origin. METHODS: School-based cross-sectional study (1998-2000), in which detailed measurements of adiposity, fasting plasma glucose and serum insulin were made in 90 South Asian and 1248 European pupils (overall 69% response rate). RESULTS: Compared with Europeans, South Asian subjects had higher mean fasting insulin levels (percentage mean difference 17.2%, 95% confidence interval 7.2-26.1%, P = 0.001), a higher mean fasting glucose (mean difference 0.19 mmol/l, 95% confidence interval 0.08-0.29 mmol/l, P = 0.0005) and a higher prevalence of impaired fasting glucose (> or = 6.1 mmol/l) (5.6% vs. 1.5%, odds ratio 3.9, 95% confidence interval 1.4-10.9, P = 0.004). Although South Asian children tended to have slightly higher indices of adiposity than Europeans (other than body mass index), the differences in glucose and insulin levels persisted after adjustment for adiposity and for pubertal status. CONCLUSIONS: The predisposition to Type 2 diabetes observed in South Asian adults is apparent before adult life. Establishing the contributions of the childhood and fetal environments and of genetic factors to the development of these ethnic differences is an important priority. Prevention of Type 2 diabetes in British South Asians needs to begin before adult life. FAU - Whincup, P H
Longitudinal analysis of somatic development in paediatric patients with IDDM: genetic influences on height and weight.$$$ Normal growth and development, as well as the prevention of overweight, are major goals in the treatment of paediatric patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM). We therefore evaluated longitudinally the anthropometric measurements of height and weight, as well as bone age, in an unselected group of 389 patients with IDDM treated at one institution. In order to identify genetic influences on these parameters, height and weight were determined in 186 unaffected siblings and 177 pairs of parents. At diagnosis, patients were slightly taller than average (median z score: +0.37). During the subsequent course of diabetes, age-adjusted heights decreased progressively for the first 9 years, catching up again after more than 10 years of diabetes. Bone ages were progressively retarded with increasing duration of diabetes. In 76 patients of 18 years or older, median z-score for height was +0.30, not different from their unaffected siblings (median z-score: +0.22). The correlation with midparental height was identical for diabetic and nondiabetic siblings (r = 0.43). In contrast, children with diabetes were significantly heavier (z-score for weight: +0.74 compared to +0.34 in unaffected siblings; p < 0.002). Obesity developed primarily during and after puberty. We conclude that: 1) during the course of diabetes, longitudinal growth is temporarily reduced and maturation is delayed in children with diabetes compared to unaffected siblings. However, this effect of diabetes is transient and small compared to genetic influences on height in an individual child. 2) As a group, children with IDDM become significantly overweight, which is likely to increase the cardiovascular risk during adulthood. FAU - Holl, R W
Pubertal gynecomastia coincides with peak height velocity.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Pubertal gynecomastia (PG) occurs in up to 65% of adolescent boys. In this study, we investigated the relationship between the ages at which PG and peak height velocity occur in pubertal boys. METHODS: This was a prospective study that was designed to detect PG within three months of its emergence. We examined one hundred and six boys who were followed for short stature and/or delayed puberty at three month intervals, and gynecomastia was observed in 43 of these boys (40.5%). RESULTS: PG occurred in the 43 boys within a year of their peak height velocity, and most of these boys were at Tanner stage 3 for pubic hair and had testicular volumes between 8-10 mL. CONCLUSION: It is recommended that evaluation of height growth be included in the diagnostic approach to PG in boys with short stature and/or delayed puberty. The coincidence of age of peak height velocity and PG suggests a causal relationship between the two events and a role of insulin-like growth factor-1. FAU - Limony, Yehuda
Effects of aerobic interval training on glucose tolerance in children and adolescents with cystic fibrosis: a randomized trial protocol.$$$ BACKGROUND: Individuals with cystic fibrosis (CF) may develop CF-related diabetes (CFDR). This comorbidity is related to a poorer quality of life, microvascular complications, a decline in lung function, and an increase in exacerbations, as well as delayed growth and puberty. Evidence exists that physical exercise contributes to glycemic control in individuals with non-CF-related diabetes. This exercise is usually continuous with moderate intensity and long duration, which can cause muscle dyspnea and fatigue in CF individuals. Aerobic interval training (AIT) emerges as a safe and effective alternative for treating these individuals. The objective of this study is to evaluate the effects of AIT on glucose tolerance in children and adolescents with CF. METHODS: This study will be a two-arm, prospectively registered, randomized controlled trial with blind assessors and twenty 6- to 18-year-old individuals with cystic fibrosis (CF) from two different Brazilian states. People with CF will be randomly allocated to either the experimental or control group using block randomization, stratified by puberty stage,. Participants from both groups will receive an educational intervention and will be asked to continue their usual daily treatment for the full duration of the study. Those in the experimental group will perform AIT on a cycle ergometer at home three times a week, for 8 consecutive weeks. The sample characterization will include an assessment of puberty stage, socioeconomic status, dyspnea, and anthropometry. The primary outcome will be the change in glucose tolerance, while the secondary outcomes will include lung function, exercise tolerance, respiratory muscle strength, quality of life, and CF exacerbations. All outcomes will be assessed at baseline, week 9, and week 17. DISCUSSION: This is the first study to evaluate the effects of AIT on glucose tolerance in children and adolescents with CF. This study will serve as a basis for guiding clinical practice and decision-making in treating glucose intolerance and CF-related diabetes (CFRD) in children and adolescents with CF. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Protocol Registration System: NCT03653949. Registered on August 31, 2018. FAU - Monteiro, Karolinne Souza
Elevated remnant lipoproteins may increase subclinical CVD risk in pre-pubertal children with obesity: a case-control study.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Current clinical guidelines to assess paediatric cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk heavily rely on cholesterol parameters that are generally normal for obese children. Remnant lipoproteins have emerged as a critical CVD risk factor particularly in adults with normolipidemia. We assessed remnant lipoprotein concentration (measured by apolipoprotein [apo] B48) and its relationship with other traditional CVD risk biomarkers in pre-pubertal children with obesity. METHODS: Pre-pubertal children (n = 78) with obesity (n = 39, 9.9 ± 0.3 years old) as well as sex-matched normal-weight controls (n = 39, 9.8 ± 0.3 years) were assessed for anthropometry, blood pressure and fasting plasma biochemical parameters for remnant lipoprotein, lipid and glucose/insulin metabolism, and inflammatory status. RESULTS: Children with obesity had striking 2-fold higher apoB48-containing remnant lipoproteins concentrations relative to normal-weight peers; the magnitude of elevation in the remnant lipoproteins is comparable to the levels previously reported for adults with established CVD and type-2 diabetes. Fasting apoB48 was positively correlated with fasting triglyceride concentration in children with obesity (r = 0.51, P < 0.001) and their normal-weight peers (r = 0.45, P < 0.01). Traditional CVD biomarkers including low-density lipoprotein cholesterol showed no difference between groups and remained within the normal range for a paediatric population. CONCLUSION: Elevated apoB48-containing remnant lipoprotein is a stronger biomarker for paediatric CVD risk compared to traditional cholesterol parameters and may be associated with early adaptation of the intestine during obesity. Further investigation of abnormalities associated with the secretion and/or clearance of atherogenic remnant lipoproteins during the postprandial state may yield insight into our understanding of and therapeutic targets for managing risk for CVD in children with obesity.
Consensus Clustering of temporal profiles for the identification of metabolic markers of pre-diabetes in childhood (EarlyBird 73).$$$ In longitudinal clinical studies, methodologies available for the analysis of multivariate data with multivariate methods are relatively limited. Here, we present Consensus Clustering (CClust) a new computational method based on clustering of time profiles and posterior identification of correlation between clusters and predictors. Subjects are first clustered in groups according to a response variable temporal profile, using a robust consensus-based strategy. To discover which of the remaining variables are associated with the resulting groups, a non-parametric hypothesis test is performed between groups at every time point, and then the results are aggregated according to the Fisher method. Our approach is tested through its application to the EarlyBird cohort database, which contains temporal variations of clinical, metabolic, and anthropometric profiles in a population of 150 children followed-up annually from age 5 to age 16. Our results show that our consensus-based method is able to overcome the problem of the approach-dependent results produced by current clustering algorithms, producing groups defined according to Insulin Resistance (IR) and biological age (Tanner Score). Moreover, it provides meaningful biological results confirmed by hypothesis testing with most of the main clinical variables. These results position CClust as a valid alternative for the analysis of multivariate longitudinal data. FAU - Lauria, Mario
Birth Weight Is Associated With the IGF-1 Response to GH in Children: Programming of the Anabolic Action of GH?$$$ CONTEXT: Intrauterine programming of the somatotropic axis has been hypothesized in cases of intrauterine growth retardation. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to study the effects of birth weight and body composition on GH sensitivity. DESIGN: This was a cross-sectional study with a single GH administration to assess GH sensitivity. SETTING: The study was conducted at the Department of Pediatric Endocrinology of an academic medical center. PATIENTS: One hundred normal short children aged from 4 to 17 years old (44 girls, 56 boys) separated into four groups: early childhood (aged 4-8 y, n = 14), late childhood (aged 9-12 y, pubertal stage 1, n = 30), early puberty (aged 10-15 y, stage 2, n = 32), and midpuberty (aged 12-17 y, stages 3 and 4, n = 24). INTERVENTION AND MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Serum IGF-1 at baseline and 24 hours after a single administration of GH (2 mg/m(2)) were measured. RESULTS: δIGF-1 significantly increased across the groups (P < .0001) with no gender difference, whereas the percentage of change in IGF-1 was similar (47% ± 32%). Independent predictors of δIGF-1 were birth weight SD score, fat percentage, fasting insulin (all positive predictors), and free fatty acids (negative predictor), with age, puberty, and baseline IGF-1 as adjusting variables (multiple R = 0.73, P < .0001). Independent predictors of the percentage of change in IGF-1 were birth weight SD score, fat percentage, and baseline IGF-1 (multiple R = 0.43, P < .001). CONCLUSION: This study suggests that in cases of low birth weight, intrauterine programming of GH sensitivity may be an adaptation to an expected poor postnatal nutritional environment, serving to restrict the anabolic action of GH. Conversely, postnatal excess energy stores may promote the anabolic action of GH. FAU - Donzeau, Aurélie
Pediatric aspects of diabetic kidney disease.$$$ Type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM1) commonly occurs in childhood, although many pediatric centers are now seeing more cases of type 2 diabetes (DM2). Kidney failure caused by either type of diabetes is uncommon during childhood, but these years of hyperglycemia contribute to long-term complications. All children with diabetes warrant screening of glomerular filtration rate, blood pressure, and urine albumin excretion. Screening should begin after 5 years of DM1 or at puberty. A similar screening strategy should start at the time of diagnosis of DM2. Atypical features such as dipstick positive proteinuria or active urine sediment may warrant referral to a nephrologist for evaluation, including biopsy. The first line of treatment in either form of diabetes is achieving the best glycemic control possible. Patients developing microalbuminuria or hypertension should receive antiangiotensin II drugs. Adult studies suggest blood pressure goals should be lower in diabetes than in the general population. Although direct evidence is not yet available in children, achieving blood pressure below the 90th percentile for age, height, and gender seems prudent. Longitudinal studies and new screening tests may allow detection of susceptible children earlier in the course of DM1 or DM2, perhaps allowing prevention of diabetic kidney disease. FAU - Lane, Pascale H
Pubertal Timing and Cardiometabolic Markers at Age 16 Years.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine the association between pubertal timing and cardiometabolic markers among adolescents. STUDY DESIGN: We used data from Dutch adolescents participating in a birth cohort study. The study population for the current study consisted of 799 adolescents of whom data were available for at least 1 of the exposure variables (pubertal timing and/or age at menarche) and any of the cardiometabolic markers (waist circumference, cholesterol, blood pressure [BP], glycated hemoglobin) measured at age 16 years. Adolescents self-reported pubertal development at ages 11, 14, and 16 years. We categorized participants with early (84 girls, 88 boys), intermediate (240 girls, 211 boys), or late pubertal timing (89 girls, 85 boys). We estimated differences in cardiometabolic markers using linear regression analysis. RESULTS: Girls with early pubertal timing had 1.54 cm larger waist circumference (95% CI .05; 3.03) and 3.98 mm Hg higher systolic BP (95% CI 1.69; 6.27) at age 16 years than girls with intermediate pubertal timing. The association with systolic BP remained after adjusting for childhood body mass index (BMI) (age 8 years) but attenuated after adjusting for BMI in adolescence (age 16 years). Boys with early pubertal timing had 0.79 mmol/mol lower glycated hemoglobin (95%CI -1.38; -0.20) than boys with intermediate pubertal timing. CONCLUSIONS: Girls with early pubertal timing had unfavorable BP levels at age 16 years, independent of BMI in childhood. Girls and boys with late pubertal timing had a tendency for lower waist circumference, but no differences in other cardiometabolic markers. Late pubertal timing does not appear to be a risk factor for unfavorable cardiometabolic markers in adolescence.
Prevalence of osteoporotic vertebral fracture in Spanish women over age 45.$$$ The aim of this work is to study the prevalence of osteoporotic vertebral fractures in Spanish women over 45 years of age, based on the selection of a nationwide sample. An observational, cross-sectional, multicenter study was conducted during 2006, in all of Spain's regions. The sample analyzed was of 5000 individuals, representative of the female population over age 45 in Spain. A questionnaire was used to determine which factors are most often associated with vertebral fractures. We also assessed whether the Prevalent Vertebral Fracture Index, proposed by Vogt, is useful in indicating a possible osteoporotic vertebral fracture. Five hundred orthopedic surgeons, from various Spanish regions, were trained in different aspects of the study: inclusion and exclusion criteria, management of the risk factor questionnaire, and implementation of the Vogt questionnaire. The number of fracture cases was 1549 (31.79%). 528 Women (34.08%) had a single vertebral fracture, and 1021 (65.92%) had multiple vertebral fractures. The following factors were statistically significantly associated with vertebral fracture: age, late menarche, early menopause, diabetes mellitus, hyperparathyroidism, rheumatoid arthritis, height loss, daily physical activity, corticosteroid therapy, personal history of osteoporotic fracture and previous diagnosis of osteoporosis. The differences in Vogt score according to age and fracture status were statistically significant. The conclusion of the study is that vertebral osteoporotic fracture in the female Spanish population is frequent. The high prevalence in the Spanish population older than 60 years is probably related to malnutrition in the period from 1936 to 1952.
The distribution of type I (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus by age, sex, secular trend, seasonality, time clusters, and space-time clusters: evidence from Montreal, 1971-1983.$$$ The etiology of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus remains obscure. In an attempt to clarify some aspects of the epidemiology, including its compatibility with an acute infectious process, the authors undertook in-depth analyses of childhood cases accumulated in a population-based register in Montreal during the period from 1971-1983. Incidence rates increased with age until puberty, at which point they plateaued and decreased. There was no overall difference in incidence between males and females; however, the rate for females peaked approximately two years before the rate for males. While there was some variation over time, there was no evidence of a long-term trend, nor was the yearly variation impressive in magnitude. The findings further indicate that the disease is not characterized by explosive outbreaks. There was slight seasonality, with a 28% higher rate of onset in fall and winter than in spring and summer. There was some evidence of space-time clustering in 1971-1973, but not thereafter. Taken as a whole, these findings do not support the hypothesis that a significant portion of insulin-dependent diabetes is caused by an acute infectious process. FAU - Siemiatycki, J
Feasibility of intravenous glucose tolerance testing prior to puberty.$$$ OBJECTIVES: 1) Report the feasibility of completing the 180-minute Frequently Sampled Intravenous Glucose Tolerance Test (FSIVGTT) in healthy weight, overweight and obese pre-pubertal children and, 2) describe the finalized FSIVGTT protocol after addendums were implemented to decrease the frequency of mild adverse events and improve test completion rates. METHODS: Insulin sensitivity was determined by FSIVGTT. RESULTS: FSIVGTT was attempted in a total of 22 study participants. Insulin sensitivity was successfully assessed in 15 study participants (8 males, 7 females, 10 Caucasian, 4 African American, 1 Pacific Islander, age range 7-9 years). Mean insulin sensitivity was 15.1+/-9.8 (mmicro/l)(-1) min(-1) range 4.4-43.2 (mmicro/l)(-1) min(-1). However, seven study participants experienced mild adverse events of hypoglycemia. Several addendums were made to the FSIVGTT protocol to ensure study participants' comfort and safety, and to decrease the frequency of mild adverse events and increase test completion rates. CONCLUSIONS: Addendums made to FSIVGTT protocol allowed successful completion of FSIVGTT in 15 (68%) of the 22 children. These results demonstrate that FSIVGTT is challenging, yet feasible in healthy lean and obese pre-pubertal children. FAU - Tompkins, Connie L
Associations of size at birth and postnatal catch-up growth status with clinical and biomedical characteristics in prepubertal girls with precocious adrenarche: preliminary results.$$$ CONTEXT: The causes of polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) in girls with precocious adrenarche (PA) remain unclear. OBJECTIVE: Our goal was to compare the clinical, biochemical, and ultrasound characteristics of girls with PA whose size at birth was appropriate for gestational age (AGA) vs those born small for gestational age (SGA). PCOS-associated metabolic and morphological correlates were examined. DESIGN: Glucose tolerance, ACTH stimulation, and transabdominal ultrasounds were examined in 56 AGA and 31 SGA girls with PA. Bone age and hormonal profiles were determined. SGA girls were divided into 2 groups by catch-up growth (CUG) status. Subgroups were compared. RESULTS: Chronological age, Tanner stage for pubarche, ovarian volume, and uterine volume were similar between the groups. SGA girls had lower body mass index and higher bone age-adjusted post-corticotropin cortisol. We found increased body mass index-adjusted mean serum insulin, reduced insulin sensitivity, and reduced IGF-binding protein-1 in SGA girls. Multicystic ovaries were more common in SGA girls (odds ratio [OR] = 9.69, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 3.34-28.15; P < .001). SGA girls without CUG had a higher incidence of multicystic ovaries than CUG counterparts (OR = 8.4, 95% CI = 1.4-19.3; P = .027). Being born SGA (OR = 43.4, 95% CI = 6.9-84.7; P = .001] and exaggerated 17-hydroxyprogesterone response (OR = 15.8, 95% CI = 1.7-49.8; P = .015) were associated with multicystic ovaries. CONCLUSIONS: Significant differences in hormone levels, insulin sensitivity, and ovarian maturity were found in prepubertal girls with PA who were SGA. Longitudinal follow-up will help determine whether these factors contribute to a specific PCOS phenotype in SGA girls with PA. FAU - Uçar, Ahmet
Importance of plasma leptin in predicting future weight gain in obese children: a two-and-a-half-year longitudinal study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine whether relatively low leptin levels predict changes in adiposity in prepubertal and pubertal obese children. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: In a biracial cohort of 68 obese children (33 male and 35 female; 46 Caucasians and 22 African-Americans, age range 7-18 y), we measured at baseline fasting insulin and leptin levels, height and weight and calculated body mass index (kg/m(2)) and expressed body mass index as (BMI) Z-score. After a 2.5-y follow-up, anthropometric measurements were repeated and changes in weight gain were calculated as changes in BMI Z-score. RESULTS: At baseline obese preadolescent boys and girls had similar age and BMI Z-score, fasting insulin and leptin levels. After an average follow-up of 2.5 y, mean weight change calculated by changes in BMI Z-score from baseline was similar in both groups. In obese adolescent boys and girls at baseline, no significant gender differences were observed for BMI Z-score and insulin levels. In contrast, plasma leptin levels were significantly higher in obese girls compared with obese adolescent boys. At follow-up, there was no significant difference in change in BMI Z-score between obese boys and girls. Multiple linear regression analysis revealed that high basal leptin levels were positively associated with greater changes in BMI Z-score only in girls (r(2)=0.18, P<0.02), after adjusting for basal BMI Z-score, Tanner stage, years of follow-up and basal insulin. High basal leptin levels in girls explained 18% of the weight gain. CONCLUSION: High leptin levels are associated with excessive future weight gain only in girls. FAU - Savoye, M
Opposing influences of prenatal and postnatal growth on the timing of menarche.$$$ CONTEXT AND OBJECTIVE: Menarche is a milestone of reproductive development, and its timing may be differentially influenced by the growth conditions before birth and those between birth and puberty. The present study explored the relationships among menarcheal timing and markers of prenatal and midchildhood growth in healthy Australian girls. SETTING, DESIGN, AND PATIENTS: A total of 156 girls aged 8 yr from a birth cohort of full-term babies had height, weight, and waist circumference measured. One hundred three girls had dual x-ray absorptiometry performed and blood analyzed for insulin, leptin, IGF-I, estradiol, and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate levels. Girls were followed up at age 15 yr and their age of menarche was recorded. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Measures included age of menarche; birth weight and birth length; height, weight, waist circumference, and body composition by dual x-ray absorptiometry; and plasma insulin, leptin, IGF-I, estradiol, and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate at age 8 yr. RESULTS: Girls with earlier menarche were light and long at birth and had higher total and central adiposity and IGF-I and estradiol levels in midchildhood, compared with those with later menarche. Age of menarche was best predicted by combining size at birth and body mass index z score at age 8 yr (r2 = 0.12; P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The timing of menarche appears to be influenced in opposing directions by pre- and postnatal growth. Menarche was found to occur earlier in girls who were long and light at birth and who had a higher fat mass and circulating IGF-I in childhood. These findings may partly explain ethnic differences and secular trends in the age of menarche. FAU - Tam, Charmaine S
Serum IGF-I in middle age covaries with reproductive life-history traits in British men and women.$$$ OBJECTIVES: The growth hormone/insulin-like growth factor-I (GH/IGF-I) axis may be an important component of individual life-history variation. This study examined whether IGF-I levels covary with reproductive life-history traits in a long-term British cohort study (the National Child Development Study). METHODS: Using data on up to 5,252 individuals (2,431 men and 2,821 women) born in March 1958, relationships of serum IGF-I at age 45 with pubertal age, time to pregnancy (TTP), age at first reproduction (AFR), and lifetime reproductive success (LRS) were analyzed using general linear models. RESULTS: IGF-I showed modest non-linear associations with pubertal age, being low in women who first menstruated, and men whose voice broke, in the oldest respective age categories. In women, but not men, IGF-I was negatively related to TTP. IGF-I was positively associated with AFR in both sexes and tended to be negatively related to LRS in women only. Some, but not all, relationships were attenuated after controlling for multiple potential confounders. CONCLUSION: These results are consistent with the hypothesis that the GH/IGF-I axis partially underlies individual variance in reproductive outcomes, through either direct endocrine effects on reproductive function or behavior, indirect effects on other traits, or a combination of the above. Several limitations of this study include the late age at which blood samples were collected and the difficulty of disentangling social and biological factors contributing to the traits studied. Am. J. Hum. Biol., 2012. © 2012 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Change in leptin, body composition and other hormones around menarche--a visual representation.$$$ AIM: To present a visual representation of changes in body composition, leptin, insulin, estradiol and follicular stimulating hormone (FSH) levels in relation to menarche in girls. METHODS: Participants were a subset of healthy girls (n = 108) enrolled in a longitudinal study of growth and development conducted at the General Clinical Research Center at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). Participants were seen annually from before menarche until 4 years postmenarche for measures of body composition and serum levels of leptin, insulin, estradiol and FSH. Body composition was determined by bioelectrical impedance. Standardized body composition and hormone levels were smoothed and plotted relative to menarche to visualize patterns of change. RESULTS: At menarche, the mean percentage body fat (%BF) of girls was 24.6% (SD = 4.1%) after menarche %BF was approximately 27%. Leptin levels averaged 8.4 ng/mL (SD = 4.6) at menarche and were approximately 12 ng/mL after menarche. Changes in leptin levels closely paralleled changes in %BF. Insulin, estradiol and FSH levels followed expected patterns relative to menarche. Leptin began rising closer to menarche than did insulin or the other sex hormones. CONCLUSION: We provide a visual presentation of hormonal and body composition changes occurring throughout the pubertal period in girls which may be useful in generating new hypotheses related to the timing of menarche. FAU - Bandini, L G
Relationship between plasma leptin, insulin and tumor necrosis factor alpha in obese children.$$$ OBJECTIVES: 1. To evaluate the relationship between plasma leptin and TNFalpha concentrations in obese children and to assess the differences between hyperinsulinemic and normoinsulinemic groups. 2. To evaluate the relationship between plasma leptin and insulin levels in obese children. 3. To investigate the TNFalpha G308A mutation in obese children. METHODS: Body mass index (BMI), fasting plasma glucose and insulin levels, oral glucose tolerance test results, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) results, and plasma leptin and TNFalpha concentrations were evaluated in obese children (n = 45) and age- and gender-matched, lean healthy controls (n = 40). RESULTS: In obese children the fasting insulin, HOMA-IR results, plasma leptin and TNFalpha concentrations were significantly higher than in controls (p <0.05). Furthermore, obese females showed higher plasma leptin and insulin resistance compared to obese males. While plasma leptin, TNFalpha levels and HOMA-IR results were similar in the prepubertal and pubertal groups, insulin levels were significantly higher in the pubertal group. Plasma leptin and TNFalpha concentrations were similar in hyperinsulinemic and normoinsulinemic obese children. In control children, plasma leptin concentrations showed a positive correlation with BMI, age, fasting insulin and HOMA-IR results. In obese children, plasma leptin levels did not correlate with BMI, fasting insulin or TNFalpha. CONCLUSION: Plasma leptin concentrations did not show any correlation with TNFalpha levels in obese children. Furthermore, plasma leptin and TNFalpha concentrations were similar in hyperinsulinemic and normoinsulinemic obese children. FAU - Aycan, Zehra
BMI gain and insulin resistance among school-aged children: a population-based longitudinal study in the Brazilian Amazon.$$$ Investigation of the determinants of metabolic outcomes associated with non-communicable diseases is increasingly important in developing countries, but such parameters have not been explored extensively during childhood. The present study assessed the impact of weight gain, measured as BMI-for-age Z-scores, on glucose and insulin concentrations, homeostasis model assessment index of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) values, and systolic and diastolic blood pressure during school years among Amazonian children. A population-based prospective study of 696 children aged >4 to ≤ 10 years with complete anthropometric information at baseline (51% females and 86% of mixed race) was carried out; 411 children had data on metabolic parameters after a median follow-up period of 2.0 years (range 1.7-2.6 years). During follow-up, there was a significant increase in the proportion of overweight children (BMI-for-age Z-score >1) from 10.1 to 15.8% (P= 0.003). In linear regression models adjusted for the child's sex, age, race/ethnicity, baseline household wealth, birth weight and pubertal development stage, for each unit of BMI-for-age Z-score variation during follow-up, an increase of 8.58 (95% CI 7.68, 9.60) pmol/l in fasting plasma insulin concentrations and 1.47 (95% CI 1.30, 1.66) in HOMA-IR values was observed. There was no significant impact of weight gain on glucose concentrations and systolic and diastolic blood pressure. In conclusion, we found evidence that an increase in BMI during a 2-year period affected insulin resistance during school years. Considering the significant increase in overweight in this age group, special attention should be paid to monitoring increases in BMI in children from the Brazilian Amazon. FAU - Lourenço, Barbara H
Prenatal pesticide exposure associated with glycated haemoglobin and markers of metabolic dysfunction in adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: Pesticide exposure has been associated with increased risk of diabetes mellitus in adults, but potential effects of prenatal exposure on glucose regulation have not been investigated. The aim of this study was to investigate if maternal occupational pesticide exposure in pregnancy was associated with glycated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) in adolescents and whether an association was modified by sex and paraoxonase-1 (PON1) Q192R polymorphism. METHODS: A prospective cohort study of children whose mothers were either occupationally exposed or unexposed to pesticides in early pregnancy. At age 10-to-16 years, the children (n = 168) underwent clinical examinations including pubertal stage assessment (accepted by 141 children) and blood sampling. PON1 Q192R genotype was available for 139 children and 103 mothers. The main outcome measure was HbA1c but other relevant biomarkers were also included. RESULTS: Prenatal pesticide exposure was associated with a 5.0% (95% confidence interval: 1.8; 8.2) higher HbA1c compared to unexposed children after adjustment for confounders. After stratification, the association remained significant for girls (6.2% (1.6; 11.1)) and if the child or the mother had the PON1 192R-allele (6.1% (1.6; 10.8) and 7.1% (2.0; 12.6), respectively). Besides, an exposure-related increase was seen for the leptin-to-adiponectin ratio, for plasminogen activator inhibitor type-1 in girls, and for interleukin-6 in children whose mothers had the R-allele. CONCLUSION: Prenatal pesticide exposure was associated with higher HbA1c and changes in related biomarkers in adolescents. Our results suggest an adverse effect on glucose homeostasis and support previous findings from this cohort of an exposure-associated metabolic risk profile with higher susceptibility related to female sex and the PON1 192R-allele.
Age at menarche in the Canadian population: secular trends and relationship to adulthood BMI.$$$ PURPOSE: Studies from around the world indicate a trend toward younger ages of menarche. The extent of this trend in the Canadian population is unknown, and the relationship to later-life health indicators has not yet been fully elucidated. The objective of this study is to estimate the trend in age at menarche (AAM) in the Canadian population and evaluate the relationship between AAM and adult body mass index (BMI). METHODS: Our data source was a nationally representative survey (the Canadian Community Health Survey, 2.2), and analyses included 8080 women, aged 15 and older, who self-reported AAM. Height and weight were measured by the interviewers for the calculation of current BMI. We modeled the secular trend in AAM over time, and the relationship between current BMI and AAM. RESULTS: We found a statistically significant decline in AAM in successive age cohorts, indicating a 0.73-year (8.8-month) decrease in AAM between the oldest and youngest age cohorts in the sample. A 1-year increase in AAM was associated with a decrease in mean BMI of approximately 0.5 kg/m(2), after adjustment for covariates. A current age-AAM interaction term was nonsignificant, indicating that the relationship was stable throughout increasing temporal separation from puberty. CONCLUSION: The observed trend toward earlier menarche could be an indicator of a change in insulin-related metabolism, possibly mediated by behavioral and environmental variables. This study suggests that AAM may be an important clinical and public health indicator of susceptibility to overweight and obesity and attendant morbidity. FAU - Harris, M Anne
Postprandial response of trans fatty acids in prepubertal obese children.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the intake, plasma concentrations and postprandial response of trans fatty acids in obese and control children at prepubertal age in order to detect potential associations with childhood obesity. DESIGN: Case-control study, clinical dietary intervention with a 428 kcal standardized breakfast and longitudinal 3 h postprandial follow-up for trans fatty acid plasma levels. SUBJECTS: Fifty-four children aged 6-13 years of both sexes, 34 obese (body mass index >97th percentile for age and sex) and 20 non-obese (control group) at prepubertal period (Tanner I). MEASUREMENTS: Various anthropometric parameters and sex hormones, fasting insulin and glucose, estimation of dietary trans fatty acid intake and their plasma quantitation in fasting conditions, and for 3 h following intake of a standardized breakfast. RESULTS: Dietary trans fatty acid intake was less than 0.4% of total energy in both groups, with a trend towards higher intake in obese children. Fasting plasma trans fatty acid concentrations and percentages were similar in both groups. However, trans fatty acid levels at +3 h were significantly higher than at 0 h in obese children, but not in controls (obese, 0 h: 2.38+/-0.29; 3 h: 3.62+/-0.45; controls, 0 h: 2.29+/-0.24; 3.14+/-0.49 mg/dl); cis monounsaturated fatty acid concentrations were not significantly affected by the postprandial interval. Obese children exhibited hyperinsulinemia and insulin resistance; however, trans fatty acid intake or their plasma levels were not associated with them. CONCLUSION: There is a low intake of trans fatty acids in Southern Spanish children, which is supported by their low concentrations in plasma. No difference in trans fatty acid intake is observed between obese and control children, although plasma levels remain higher in obese than in control children after 3 h of a meal. A marked insulin resistance is seen in obese, but it is not correlated with either trans fatty acid intake or plasma concentration. FAU - Larqué, E
Bone mineral content and bone density is lower in adolescents with type 1 diabetes: A brief report from the RESISTANT and EMERALD studies.$$$ To understand the effect of type 1 diabetes (T1D) on bone mineral content (BMC) and bone density (BMD), we studied 125 T1D adolescents and 80 pubertal stage matched controls. T1D was associated with lower whole-body BMC and BMD compared to controls, even when adjusted for age, sex and sex hormones.
Longitudinal association between IGFBP-1 levels and parameters of the metabolic syndrome in obese children before and after weight loss.$$$ BACKGROUND: Insulin-like growth factor binding protein 1 (IGFBP-1) is a marker of insulin resistance. We hypothesized that IGFBP-1 is associated with the metabolic syndrome (MetS), which is related to insulin resistance. METHODS: We examined 51 obese Caucasian children (mean age 12.1 ? 2.3, 55% male, mean body mass index [BMI] 31.8 ? 4.8 kg/m(2)). Anthropometrical markers, pubertal stage, hepatic ultrasound, waist circumference, blood pressure, fasting serum IGFBP-1, IGFBP-3, IGF-I, adiponectin, leptin, transaminases, glucose, insulin, triglycerides, and HDL-cholesterol concentrations were determined at onset and the end of the one-year lifestyle intervention. RESULTS: In contrast to IGF-I and IGFBP-3, IGFBP-1 correlated significantly to most parameters of the MetS in cross-sectional (waist circumference: r = -0.45, triglycerides: r = -0.29; insulin: r = -0.31; HOMA: r = -0.30) and longitudinal analyses (? triglycerides: r = ?0.22; ? Insulin: r = ?0.25; ? HOMA: r = ?0.62). The association between changes of HOMA and changes of IGFBP-1 was stronger than the associations between changes of leptin or adiponectin, and changes of HOMA. The risk for the MetS was inversely related to IGFBP-1 levels (odds ratio:-0.05 per additional IGFBP-1 unit; 95% confidence interval: -0.08 up to -0.02; p = 0.019) in a multiple logistic regression analyses adjusted to BMI, pubertal stage, age, and gender. The nine obese children with the MetS had significantly lower IGFBP-1 levels (1.6 ? 1.3 ngm/l) than the 42 obese children without the MetS (4.0 ? 3.8 ng/ml). The eleven obese children with fatty liver assessed by ultrasound had significantly lower IGFBP-1 levels (1.5 ? 1.3 ngm/l) than the 40 obese children without fatty liver (4.2 ? 4.1 ng/ml). CONCLUSION: The strong relationships between IGFBP-1, insulin resistance, and the MetS suggest that IGFBP-1 might be a promising marker for these entities in obesity. This study is registered at clinicaltrials.gov (NCT00435734). FAU - Reinehr, Thomas
[Early menarche as a risk factor of breast cancer].$$$ BACKGROUND: Most of the information in medical literature report diverse factors of breast cancer, which are related to the reproductive life of the woman. It is mentioned that menarche before the 12 years elevates the relative risk of this disease, in comparison with its appearance after the 13 years. OBJECTIVE: To determine if early menarche is a risk factor associated to breast cancer. MATERIAL AND METHODS: This retrospective, observational and descriptive study included 162 women with breast cancer from a 3 years period (2002-2004), in the Juarez Hospital of Mexico. In addition other well known risk factors for breast cancer were evaluated. The statistical analysis was made with the software program SPSS; the descriptive analysis was made by means of summary of statistics, histograms, box and bar charts. RESULTS: Early menarche doesn't have correlation with breast cancer nor with the appearance of the disease in early ages; it was present in the 12.3% (n = 20) of the patients; the menarche initiated between 12 and 13 years in 64.4% (n = 104.3) of the cases. The average age at the time of the diagnosis of breast cancer in the early menarche group was of 55 years and for the group in general of 47.6 years. The factor that seems to be related to breast cancer is overweight and obesity with 54.26 and 17.11% respectively, with an average body mass index of 27.7 kg/m2. CONCLUSIONS: There was not a correlation between early menarche as risk factor for breast cancer neither between the reproductive risk factors considered habitual and increased risk of breast cancer. Overweight and obesity seem to be related to the appearance of the disease, reason why it is required to investigate this with different random control groups in the country. We propose to study other factors that may be implicated in the genesis of breast cancer such as inflammatory factors, similar insulin growth factors and hyperinsulinism. FAU - Luján Irastorza, Jesús Estuardo
Prevalence of thyroid autoantibodies in children, adolescents and young adults with type 1 diabetes in Kuwait.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the prevalence of thyroid autoimmunity among children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes in Kuwait. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: In a mixed cross-sectional and longitudinal study, anti-thyroid peroxidase (anti-TPO) and anti-thyroglobulin (anti-TG) were measured in 232 subjects (118 males and 114 females) with type 1 diabetes. RESULTS: The mean age of the total study population was 10.9 ± 3.6 years (range 1-21), and the median diabetes duration was 3.9 years (range 0-16). At the initial screening, 57 out of 232 (24.6%) patients had positive antibodies, and of the remaining 175 patients, who were antibody negative,131 (74.3%) were followed up for 4-9 years. 23 out of these 131 (17.7%) patients became antibody positive, with a cumulative prevalence of elevated antibodies of 34.5%. Anti-TPO was present in 34 (14.7%), anti-TG in 23 (9.9%) and both antibodies in 23 (9.9%) patients. Thyroid antibodies presented early within the first 5 years of the onset of diabetes (63.2 vs. 36.8%, p < 0.05). The prevalence of elevated thyroid antibodies increased after the onset of puberty in both females and males (p < 0.0001). A total of 58.7% of the patients with positive antibodies were females compared to 41% males (p < 0.0001). The basal thyroid-stimulating hormone was higher in subjects with positive antibodies (5.1 ± 10.7 mIU/l) compared to those who were antibody negative (1.79 ± 0.87 mIU/l, p < 0.001). Furthermore, 30 out of 232 (12.9%) patients developed thyroid dysfunction. CONCLUSION: In this study, a high prevalence of thyroid autoimmune antibodies was found in patients either at the onset of type 1 diabetes or within the 4-9 years of follow-up. FAU - Al-Khawari, M
Diverging evolution of anti-GAD and anti-IA-2 antibodies in long-standing diabetes mellitus as a function of age at onset: no association with complications.$$$ Glutamic acid decarboxylase autoantibodies (GAD-A) and tyrosine phosphatase IA-2 autoantibodies (IA2-A) were measured in sera of 50 recently diagnosed (<6 wk, 33% younger than 15 yr), 19 short-term (1 to 9 yr, 35% with onset age below 15 yr) and 89 long-standing diabetic patients (>10 yr, 57% with onset age below 15 yr). Complications were assessed by clinical examination, retinal angiographs and microalbuminuria measurement. Both prevalences and levels of GAD-A and IA2-A decreased with increasing duration of diabetes. However even in those with long duration diabetes, 15 to 63% of the sera were still positive for one or two antibodies. In the group with onset after the age of 15 yr, significantly higher prevalences and levels of GAD-A (but not IA2-A) was observed in comparison with the group with earlier onset. No association was found with any microvascular complications in any group. We conclude that GAD-A and IA2-A persist in some diabetic patients, despite a long duration. Persistence of GAD-A was greatest in those with postpubertal disease onset. We speculate that persistence of some beta-cells or specific environmental factors can sustain one autoimmune reaction especially in some postpubertal-onset diabetic patients. FAU - Hermitte, L
The gonadotropic function of insulin.$$$ We have reviewed the role of insulin in ovarian physiology. Clinical observations and experimental data strongly support the hypothesis that insulin possesses gonadotropic activity, when acting alone or with FSH or LH. This idea is further supported by the recent discovery of insulin in follicular fluid. The idea that insulin has gonadotropic function can explain a variety of clinical observations, which otherwise are difficult to understand. For example, manifestations of ovarian hypofunction (primary amenorrhea, late menarche, anovulation, low pregnancy rate, and early menopause) in IDDM can be understood if it is accepted that insulin is necessary for the ovary to reach its full steroidogenic potential. The idea that insulin affects ovarian steroidogenesis also helps to understand the observation that hyperandrogenism frequently accompanies each of the various insulin-resistant states, regardless of the latter's etiology (e.g. genetic deficiency in the number of insulin receptors, antiinsulin receptor antibodies, obesity, etc.). The explanation for this association is based on the idea that hyperinsulinemia intensifies ovarian steroidogenesis, which manifests clinically as hyperandrogenism. Continuous stimulation of the ovary by insulin over a long period of time possibly produces morphological ovarian changes, such as hyperthecosis or polycystic changes; these changes commonly are observed among women with insulin resistance. The effects of insulin on ovarian cells are mediated possibly through binding of the peptide to its own receptor or to the IGF-1 receptor (the specificity spillover phenomenon). The latter could be an important mechanism in cases of insulin resistance. Potential mechanisms underlying the gonadotropic activity of insulin include direct effects on steroidogenic enzymes, modulation of FSH or LH receptor number, synergism with FSH or LH, or nonspecific enhancement of cell viability. The gonadotropic function of insulin adds yet another note to what has been termed a symphony of insulin action. Further investigation into this new area may yield greater insights not only into normal ovarian physiology, but also into the pathogeneses of such diverse entities as PCO, obesity, diabetes mellitus, and the syndromes of insulin resistance and acanthosis nigricans. FAU - Poretsky, L
Trends in the incidence of childhood type 1 diabetes mellitus in Beijing based on hospitalization data from 1995 to 2010.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To study the incidence trend of type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) in children in Beijing from 1995 to 2010, to compare it with incidences reported worldwide and to predict the requirement of medical resources in the future. METHODS: This study involved newly diagnosed T1DM cases younger than 15 years of age in the Beijing Children's Hospital from January 1995 to December 2010. We calculated the incidence of T1DM children in Beijing according to hospitalization data and Beijing's population. We defined it as the underestimated incidence rate (UE-IR). RESULTS: The UE-IRs of T1DM ranged from around 0.88/100,000 to 2.37/100,000 for children in Beijing younger than 15 years of age from 1995 to 2010. The UE-IR increased faster in boys (1.47 times) and in the age group of 0-4 years (1.89 times) after 2003. The UE-IR was greatest in children aged 5-9 years (1.81/100,000) followed by the age of puberty (10-14 years, 1.76/100,000). The predicted number of new T1DM cases in Beijing will increase 1.97 times over the next 10 years. CONCLUSIONS: The incidence trend of T1DM was increasing gradually in those younger than 15 years of age in Beijing. The incidence of younger children and boys grew faster. The 5- to 14-year-old children represented a high-risk population of T1DM. The number of predicted new T1DM cases will grow rapidly. This means that we should train more health care providers for pediatric diabetes patients, in order to achieve high-quality medical care and to be able to prevent or postpone chronic complications. FAU - Gong, Chunxiu
The relation of sugar intake to beta cell function in overweight Latino children.$$$ BACKGROUND: Few studies have investigated the association between sugar intake and insulin dynamics in children, and none have examined this association in overweight Latino youth. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to examine the relation between dietary components, especially sugar intake, and insulin dynamics in overweight Latino youth. DESIGN: We examined 63 overweight Latino children aged 9-13 y. Dietary intake was determined by 3-d records, and body composition was measured with dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Insulin sensitivity (S(I)), acute insulin response (AIR), and disposition index (an index of beta cell function) were measured by using a frequently sampled intravenous-glucose-tolerance test and minimal modeling. Hierarchical regression analysis ascertained the potential independent relation between insulin dynamics and dietary components. RESULTS: The relation between macronutrient intake and any variable related to insulin dynamics was not significant. However, higher total sugar intake, although not related to S(I), was significantly associated with lower AIR (beta = -0.296, P = 0.045) and lower beta cell function (beta = -0.421, P = 0.043), independent of the covariates age, sex, body composition, Tanner stage, and energy intake. Sugar-sweetened beverage intakes trended toward inverse association with lower AIR (beta = -0.219, P = 0.072) and beta cell function (beta = -0.298, P = 0.077). CONCLUSIONS: In overweight Latino children, higher intakes of sugar and sugar-sweetened beverages were associated with lower AIR and disposition index, which suggested that these children already have early signs of poor beta cell function. These results emphasize the need for early nutritional interventions to reduce daily sugar intake in overweight Latino children and potentially reduce their risk for type 2 diabetes. FAU - Davis, Jaimie N
[Analysis of epidemiologic risk factors for endometrial cancer].$$$ The aim of this study was an analyse of several risk factors for women with endometrial cancer and their influence on overall survival. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A retrospective analysis covered 160 women treated with the primary surgery and adjuvant radiotherapy because of endometrial cancer. Age, lifestyle, age of menarche and menopause, parity, body size, hypertension and diabetes mellitus were determined. RESULTS: The 5-year survival rate were: 87% for the women younger then 60 and 70% for the older ones (p = 0.0026), 81% for the city women and 73% for the country women (p = 0.2034), 91% for the educated women and 70% for the women with elementary education (p = 0.0102), 85% for 1-2 x parous women and 65% for nulliparous (p = 0.0433), 79% for women without miscarriage and 63% for women with 2 or more miscarriages (p = 0.3265), 82% for women with menarche above age of 15 and 66% with menarche under age of 13 (p = 0.1989), 82% for women without obesity, diabetes, hypertension and 72% for women with hypertension, 64% with obesity, 50% for women with all analysed diseases (p = 0.0104). CONCLUSION: An analyse show that age, lifestyle, parity, body size and hypertension modify the overall survival of women with endometrial cancer. FAU - Bratos, K
Abnormal vascular reactivity at rest and exercise in obese boys.$$$ BACKGROUND: Obese children exhibit vascular disorders at rest depending on their pubertal status, degree of obesity, and level of insulin resistance. However, data regarding their vascular function during exercise remain scarce. The aims of the present study were to evaluate vascular morphology and function at rest, and lower limb blood flow during exercise, in prepubertal boys with mild-to-moderate obesity and in lean controls. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Twelve moderately obese prepubertal boys [Body Mass Index (BMI: 23.9+/-2.6 kg m(-2))] and thirteen controls (BMI:17.4+/-1.8 kg m(-2)), matched for age (mean age: 11.6+/-0.6 years) were recruited. We measured carotid intima-media thickness (IMT) and wall compliance and incremental elastic modulus, resting brachial flow-mediated dilation (FMD) and nitrate-dependent dilation (NDD), lower limb blood flow during local knee-extensor incremental and maximal exercise, body fat content (DEXA), blood pressure, blood lipids, insulin and glucose. RESULTS: Compared to lean controls, obese boys had greater IMT (0.47+/-0.06 vs. 0.42+/-0.03 mm, P<0.05) but lower FMD (4.6+/-2.8 vs. 8.8+/-3.2%, P<0.01) in spite of similar maximal shear rate, without NDD differences. Lower limb blood flow (mL min(-1).100 g(-1)) increased significantly from rest to maximal exercise in both groups, although obese children reached lower values than lean counterparts whatever the exercise intensity. CONCLUSIONS: Mild-to-moderate obesity in prepubertal boys without insulin resistance is associated with impaired endothelial function and blunted muscle perfusion response to local dynamic exercise without alteration of vascular smooth muscle reactivity. FAU - Karpoff, L
Glucose metabolism in children and adolescents: Population-based reference values and comparisons to children and adolescents enrolled in obesity treatment.$$$ BACKGROUND: Alterations in glucose metabolism that lead to the development of metabolic and cardiovascular disease may begin already in childhood. OBJECTIVE: This study aims to generate pediatric age and sex-specific reference values for fasting concentrations of glucose, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), insulin, C-peptide, and homeostasis model assessment: insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) in Danish/North-European white children and adolescents from a population-based cohort and to compare values from children and adolescents with overweight/obesity with this reference. METHODS: The population- and obesity clinic-based cohorts consisted of 2451 and 1935 children and adolescents between 6 and 18 years of age. Anthropometric measurements and blood samples were obtained and percentile curves were calculated. RESULTS: In the population-based cohort, glucose, insulin, and HOMA-IR values increased before the expected onset of puberty (P < .05). Thereafter, all variables decreased in girls (P < .05) and HbA1c decreased in boys (P < .05). Concentrations of all measured markers of glucose metabolism were higher in the obesity clinic-based cohort than the population-based cohort (both sexes P < .001). Specifically, insulin and HOMA-IR continued to increase to 18 years in the clinic-based cohort, particularly among boys. CONCLUSIONS: Fasting glucose, insulin, and HOMA-IR change during childhood, making pediatric reference values essential for timely identification of derangements in glucose metabolism. Children and adolescents with obesity exhibit increased concentrations of these biomarkers.
Lipid and glucose alterations in perinatally-acquired HIV-infected adolescents and young adults.$$$ BACKGROUND: Successful antiretroviral therapy (ART) has dramatically reduced mortality among HIV-infected children. However, there is growing concern about long-term effects associated to ART. The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence of metabolic abnormalities in a cohort of perinatally HIV-infected adolescents and young adults and to identify associated factors. METHODS: We present results from a cross-sectional analysis including individuals 12 to 20 years of age, from a prospective, longitudinal cohort of perinatally-acquired HIV-infected children, adolescents and young adults in Madrid. Clinical and immunological data were recorded and complete lipid and glycemic profiles were determined. RESULTS: Ninety-nine adolescents were included, with a median age of 15.3 years [13.6-16.7]. Patients with abnormal levels of lipids were as follows: 27.2% total cholesterol ≥200 mg/dl, 25.9% LDL cholesterol (LDL-c) ≥ 130 mg/dl, 14.1% HDL-C < 35 mg/dl and 39.8% triglycerides ≥ 150 mg/dl. Current use of protease inhibitors (PI) was associated with higher triglyceride values (p = 0.022). Four (4.6%) patients showed fasting glucose ≥ 100 mg/dl and 30.6% presented with insulin resistance (IR) (HOMA-IR over the 90th centile). In the multivariate logistic regression analysis adjusted for sex, age, weight, Tanner stage, protease inhibitors (PI) and nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors (NRTI) treatment length and CD4 nadir, IR was associated with higher waist circumference Z score; OR: 3.92(CI95%: 1.15-13.4) (p = 0.03). CONCLUSION: There was a high prevalence of insulin resistance and lipid abnormalities in this cohort of perinatally-acquired HIV-infected adolescents. A simple clinical measurement like waist circumference Z score might be a reliable marker and predictor of insulin resistance in these patients. FAU - Blázquez, Daniel
Post-exercise albuminuria does not predict microalbuminuria in type 1 diabetic patients.$$$ To investigate whether post-exercise urinary albumin excretion in Type 1 diabetic children and adolescents may prospectively predict the development of microalbuminuria, we have assessed post-exercise urinary albumin excretion before and after 6.2 +/- 1.7 years of follow-up in 66 diabetic children and adolescents. Post-exercise urinary albumin excretion rose significantly above the pre-exercise values in diabetic patients by 2.7 (-3.8 to 84.2) micrograms min-1 (p < 0.001) and in a group of 9 healthy individuals by 3.9 (-0.7 to 13.7) micrograms min-1 (p < 0.02) without significant differences between groups. Post-exercise albuminuria was greater in postpubertal than prepubertal 9.8 vs 4.3 micrograms min-1 (p < 0.03) and pubertal 9.8 vs 6.0 micrograms min-1 (p < 0.02) patients; post-exercise changes in urinary albumin excretion were also positively related to glycated haemoglobin (r = 0.293; p < 0.05). Eight out of 66 patients developed microalbuminuria at follow-up. Urinary albumin excretion at follow-up was comparable between patients with normal and abnormal post-exercise urinary albumin excretion; moreover post-exercise urinary albumin excretion was within the normal range in 5 out of 8 patients with microalbuminuria at follow-up. In conclusion post-exercise albuminuria does not seem to be a useful predictor of the onset of microalbuminuria in Type 1 diabetic children and adolescents. FAU - Bognetti, E
Determinants of breast cancer in Saudi women from Makkah region: a case-control study (breast cancer risk factors among Saudi women).$$$ BACKGROUND: There are various factors that play a major role in influencing the overall health conditions of women diagnosed with breast cancer. The population of women in Makkah region are diverse, therefore it is significant to highlight the possible determinants of breast cancer in this population. This is a case-control study that assessed determinants of breast cancer including socioeconomic factors, health-related characteristics, menstrual histories and breastfeeding among postmenopausal women in Makkah region in Saudi Arabia. METHODS: A total of 432 female participants (214 cases and 218 controls) were recruited for this study. A validated questionnaire was completed by trained dietitians at King Abdullah Medical City Hospital in the Makkah region of Saudi Arabia. RESULTS: Results displayed that determinants of breast cancer were associated significantly (P < 0.05) with unemployment, large family size, lack of knowledge and awareness about breast cancer, obesity, sedentary lifestyle, smoking, starting menarche at an early age, as well as hormonal and non-hormonal contraceptive use. There was no effect of diabetes, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and duration of breastfeeding on the incidence of breast cancer. CONCLUSION: In summary, the results of this study accentuate the possible effect of socioeconomic factors, health-related characteristics and menstrual history on the incidence of breast cancer in postmenopausal women in the Makkah region. Education programs should be applied to increase breast cancer awareness and possibly decrease its incidence. FAU - Alsolami, Fatmah J
The pubertal timing controversy in the USA, and a review of possible causative factors for the advance in timing of onset of puberty.$$$ Previously used standards for the diagnosis of precocious puberty in girls no longer appear to be appropriate in the USA, in that a significant number of girls are being seen in paediatricians' offices with breast budding before 8 years of age. The timing of menarche, however, has changed little over the past few decades. Early maturing girls are more likely to become obese in adolescence and adulthood than normal or late maturing girls. Early maturing white girls are heavier at the onset of puberty, but this is not the case for African-American girls or boys of either race. Boys and girls with premature pubarche may be more hyperinsulinaemic than normal children, and girls with premature pubarche more likely to develop functional ovarian and adrenal hyperandrogenism. Early menarche is preceded by prepubertal hyperinsulinaemia. It is proposed that pubertal onset, although not necessarily the tempo of puberty, is influenced by hyperinsulinaemia and insulin resistance. If this hypothesis is correct, insulin resistance may be more prevalent in US children than previously recognized. An advance in timing of onset of puberty has not been noted in other countries, although it is likely that this phenomenon may become more prevalent as other countries adopt a more American lifestyle and diet. FAU - Slyper, Arnold H
Evaluation of asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) levels in children with growth hormone deficiency.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate serum asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) levels in children with isolated growth hormone deficiency (GHD) and to determine the effect of GH replacement therapy on these levels. METHODS: 31 patients diagnosed with isolated GHD and 29 age-and sex-matched healthy children were enrolled in the study. Height, weight and waist circumference were measured in all subjects. Fasting serum insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), IGF binding protein-3, glucose, insulin and lipid levels were evaluated. Serum ADMA levels were assessed using the enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay technique. The same evaluations were repeated on the 3rd and 6th months of treatment in 28 of the GHD cases. RESULTS: There were no significant differences in ADMA levels between the patient and control groups [0.513±0.130 (0.291-0.820) µmol/L vs. 0.573±0.199 (0.241-1.049) µmol/L]. There was a positive correlation between serum ADMA and HbA1c levels in the control group. In the GHD cases, ADMA levels negatively correlated with high-density lipoprotein levels and positively correlated with low-density lipoprotein levels. There was also a significant increase in ADMA levels in patients receiving GH therapy compared to pre-treatment levels [serum ADMA level, 1.075±0.133 (0.796-1.303) µmol/L at the 3rd month and 0.923±0.121 (0.695-1.159) µmol/L at the 6th month of treatment]. There was a negative correlation between ADMA levels and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance values at the 6th month evaluation. There were no relationships between ADMA levels and age, sex, or pubertal state either before or during the treatment. CONCLUSION: Serum ADMA levels were found to be similar in patients with GHD and in healthy children. However, serum ADMA levels showed a significant increase in GHD patients following GH replacement therapy. FAU - Önder, Aşan
Evaluation of metabolic syndrome frequency and premature carotid atherosclerosis in young women with polycystic ovary syndrome.$$$ BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to evaluate metabolic syndrome frequency, cardiovascular risk profile and premature carotid artery atherosclerosis in patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) especially during early adulthood. METHODS: A case-control study was conducted on 43 young women (18-22 years of age) with PCOS and 43 age-matched volunteer controls. Anthropometrical measurements, hormone levels, lipid and glucose profile were obtained from all subjects. Two different criteria were used to assess metabolic syndrome (MS) frequency. Common carotid artery intima-media thickness (IMT) was measured and stepwise multiple linear regression analysis was used to identify the independent cardiovascular risk factors that predict IMT. RESULTS: MS was diagnosed in 11.6% (n = 5) of women with PCOS compared to no cases in the control group (P = 0.02). The mean IMT was significantly higher in PCOS subjects (0.746 +/- 0.106 mm) compared to controls (0.608 +/- 0.105 mm, P < 0.001). Among many cardiovascular risk factors evaluated, the diagnosis of PCOS, increased body mass index and decreased sex hormone-binding globulin were significant independent predictors of increased IMT. CONCLUSIONS: These findings indicate that adolescence may be a more appropriate time to intervene for PCOS patients, as many cardiovascular risks are already present during early adulthood. As far as IMT is concerned, mechanisms other than hyperandrogenaemia and obesity might be operating as causative factors. FAU - Vural, Birol
[Biological, familial and metabolic characteristics of infantile and juvenile obesity].$$$ BACKGROUND: Obesity is the most prevalent nutritional disease in people of less than 20 years old. AIM: To report biological, familial and metabolic characteristics in obese children. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A retrospective review of 187 children seen at obesity clinics and that had a complete metabolic study. RESULTS: Ninety five prepuberal and 92 puberal children, aged 8.7 +/- 2.2 and 12.6 +/- 2.2 years old respectively, were studied. Body mass index was over 4 standard deviations in 48.4% of prepuberal children and in 39.1% of puberal children. Paternal obesity was twice more prevalent (30.2%) than in the general population. The daily caloric intake and basal metabolic rate (BMR) were within the normal range; nevertheless there was a positive caloric balance due to minimal physical activity. The mean daily fat intake was normal (26.4 +/- 8.5 and 25.3 +/- 9.1% of total calories in prepuberal and puberal children respectively). The daily fiber intake was under 70% of recommendation. The total cholesterol was over 200 mg/dl in 26.6 and 23.9% of prepuberal and puberal children. LDL cholesterol was over 130 mg/dl in 27.3 and 26.6% and triacylglycerol was over 150 mg/dl in 16.9 and 25% of prepuberal and puberal children respectively. Basal serum insulin was over 20 uIU/ml in 27.7 and 42.2% of prepuberal and puberal children, respectively. Post glucose serum insulin was over 60 uIU/ml in 40 and 63% of prepuberal and puberal children, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Infantile and juvenile obesity is a chronic disease with a high incidence of metabolic alterations. FAU - Burrows, R
Familial factors determine the development of diabetic nephropathy in patients with IDDM.$$$ To evaluate familial factors in the development of diabetic nephropathy in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) we examined concordance for diabetic nephropathy in families with multiple IDDM siblings. Families (n = 110) were identified through Joslin Clinic patients (probands) with a sibling having IDDM. To be eligible, the probands' and siblings' ages at IDDM diagnosis were less than 21 years, and IDDM duration was more than 15 years for probands and more than 10 years for siblings. Mean post-pubertal diabetes duration was 23 years for probands (n = 110) and 21 years for siblings (n = 125). Nephropathy history was determined by medical record review for deceased patients and those with persistent proteinuria or end-stage renal disease to ascertain the date of onset of persistent proteinuria. For patients without documented nephropathy, the albumin/creatinin ratio was measured in multiple urine samples. The cumulative incidence of persistent proteinuria according to post-pubertal duration of IDDM was determined by life-table analysis. For probands and siblings combined, the cumulative incidence of advanced diabetic nephropathy after 30 years of IDDM was 35%, but the risk in siblings varied according to the proband's renal status. The cumulative risk in siblings after 25 years of IDDM (post-puberty) was 71.5% if the proband had persistent proteinuria but only 25.4% if the proband did not (p < 0.001). A difference of nearly 50% in the risk to IDDM siblings, depending upon the IDDM proband's renal status, is consistent with a major gene effect that predisposes an individual with IDDM to develop advanced diabetic nephropathy. FAU - Quinn, M
Childhood body mass index (BMI), breastfeeding and risk of Type 1 diabetes: findings from a longitudinal national birth cohort.$$$ AIMS: To perform a longitudinal analysis of the association between childhood body mass index (BMI) and later risk of Type 1 diabetes, controlling for socio-economic status, birthweight, height in early and late childhood, breastfeeding history and pubertal status. METHODS: Analysis of the 1970 British Birth Cohort, followed up at age 5, 10 and 30 years (n = 11,261). Data were available on birthweight, breastfeeding; height, weight, pubertal status, socio-economic status at age 10 years; self-report data on history of diabetes (type, age at onset) at age 30 years. Cox proportional hazards models were used to examine relations of childhood growth, socio-economic status and breastfeeding history to the incidence of Type 1 diabetes between 10 and 30 years of age. RESULTS: Sixty-one subjects (0.5%) reported Type 1 diabetes at 30 years of age; 47 (77%) reported onset >or= age 10 years. Higher BMI z-score at 10 years predicted higher risk of subsequent Type 1 diabetes (hazard ratio 1.8, 95% confidence interval 1.2 to 2.8, P = 0.01) when adjusted for birthweight, pubertal status, breastfeeding history and socio-economic status. Repeating the model for childhood obesity, the hazard ratio was 3.1 (1.0, 9.3; P = 0.05). Birthweight, breastfeeding, height growth and pubertal timing were not associated with incidence of Type 1 diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Higher BMI in childhood independently increased the risk of later Type 1 diabetes, supporting suggestions that obesity may provide a link between Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes. This supports observations of a rise in Type 1 diabetes prevalence. Reduction in childhood obesity may reduce the incidence of Type 1 as well as Type 2 diabetes. FAU - Viner, R M
Endocrinological analysis of 122 Japanese childhood cancer survivors in a single hospital.$$$ With recent improvements in the diagnosis and treatment of cancer, the number of childhood cancer survivors (CCSs) has been increasing in Japan. The importance of quality of life during the lifetime of CCSs has now been recognized, and the late effects of cancer treatments are essential and important issues. In this study we analyzed the endocrinological abnormalities of CCSs by retrospectively evaluating 122 outpatients (62 males and 60 females) who had been referred from pediatric oncologists to our follow-up clinic among 151 CCSs attending our hospital more than two years after their cancer treatment. Follow-up duration varied from 2 to 30 (median 8.0) years. Their average age was 17.3 (range 4-36, median 17.0) years, and 38 patients (31.1%) reached adulthood. Endocrinological abnormalities were found in 82 (67%) of 122 survivors. Gonadal dysfunction was observed in 60 patients (49%). Thirty-nine patients (32%) were short or grew at a slower rate. Twenty-six patients (21%) showed thyroid dysfunction. Other abnormalities were as follows: obesity in 20 patients (16%), leanness in 10 (8%), central diabetes insipidus in 11 (9%) and adrenocortical dysfunction in 9 (7%). Low bone mineral density was observed in 41 (42%) of 98 patients evaluated. These endocrinological abnormalities were caused by the combined effects of cancer itself and various treatments (chemotherapy, radiation therapy, surgery, and hematopoietic stem cell transplantation). Lifetime medical surveillance and continuous follow-up are necessary for CCSs, because treatment-related complications may occur during childhood and many years after the therapy as well. Endocrinologists should participate in long-term follow-up of these survivors in collaboration with pediatric oncologists. FAU - Miyoshi, Yoko
High prevalence of insulin resistance in postpubertal Asian Indian children is associated with adverse truncal body fat patterning, abdominal adiposity and excess body fat.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The objectives were to study the relationships of insulin resistance with generalized and abdominal obesity, and body fat patterning in urban postpubertal Asian Indian children. DESIGN: Cross-sectional, population-based epidemiological study. SUBJECTS: In all, 250 (155 males and 95 females) healthy urban postpubertal children. MEASUREMENTS: Anthropometric profile, percentage of body fat (%BF), fasting serum insulin, and lipoprotein profile. RESULTS: Fasting insulin correlated significantly with body mass index (BMI), %BF, waist circumference (WC), central and peripheral skinfold thicknesses and sum of four skinfold thicknesses (Sigma 4SF) in both sexes, and with systolic blood pressure and waist-to hip circumference ratio (W-HR) in males only. Consistent increase in fasting insulin was noted with increasing values of central skinfold thickness at each tertile of peripheral skinfold thickness, WC, and %BF. Central skinfold thickness correlated with fasting insulin even after adjusting for WC, W-HR, and %BF. The odds ratios (OR) (95% CI) of hyperinsulinemia (fasting insulin concentrations in the highest quartile) were 4.7 (2.4-9.4) in overweight subjects, 8 (4.1-15.5) with high %BF, 6.4 (3.2-12.9) with high WC, 3.7 (1.9-7.3) with high W-HR, 6.8 (3.3-13.9) with high triceps skinfold thickness, 8 (4.1-15.7) with high subscapular skinfold thickness, and 10.1 (5-20.5) with high Sigma 4SF. In step-wise multiple logistic regression analysis, %BF [OR (95% CI): 3.2 (1.4-7.8)] and Sigma 4SF [OR (95% CI): 4.5 (1.8-11.3)] were independent predictors of hyperinsulinemia, similar to insulin resistance assessed by HOMA (homeostatic model of assessment) in the study. CONCLUSION: A high prevalence of insulin resistance in postpubertal urban Asian Indian children was associated with excess body fat, abdominal adiposity, and excess truncal subcutaneous fat. Primary prevention strategies for coronary heart disease and diabetes mellitus in Asian Indians should focus on the abnormal body composition profile in childhood. FAU - Misra, A
Steroid hormones during puberty: racial (black-white) differences in androstenedione and estradiol--the Bogalusa Heart Study.$$$ A large biracial cross-section of 1038 healthy children aged 6-18 yr with 519 blacks, 519 whites, 678 males, and 360 females was evaluated for Tanner stage and serum levels of androstenedione, dehydroepiandrosterone-sulfate, estradiol, progesterone, and testosterone. The anthropometric values of the blacks and whites were very similar at each Tanner stage with only minor differences in age, height, and weight related to an earlier onset of puberty in blacks. The hormones dehydroepiandrosterone-sulfate, progesterone, and testosterone did not exhibit any racial differences. Estradiol showed a significantly higher level among black males compared to white males (P less than or equal to 0.05) whereas androstenedione was significantly higher in both white males (P = 0.0001) and females (P less than or equal to 0.01) compared with blacks. Many hormones are known to effect insulin resistance and others have reported a correlation between insulin levels and androstenedione. Blacks suffer disproportionately from diabetes. Since puberty is a time of dramatic changes in insulin resistance, racial (black-white) differences in steroid hormone changes were explored. This study shows that a racial difference in androstenedione levels exist during puberty, at a time when racial differences in insulin resistance are becoming manifest. FAU - Richards, R J
Timing and duration of obesity in relation to diabetes: findings from an ethnically diverse, nationally representative sample.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The influence on diabetes of the timing and duration of obesity across the high-risk period of adolescence to young adulthood has not been investigated in a population-based, ethnically diverse sample. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A cohort of 10,481 individuals aged 12-21 years enrolled in the U.S. National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent Health (1996) was followed over two visits during young adulthood (18-27 years, 2001-2002; 24-33 years, 2007-2009). Separate logistic regression models were used to examine the associations of diabetes (A1C ≥6.5% or diagnosis by a health care provider) in young adulthood with 1) obesity timing (never obese, onset <16 years, onset 16 to <18 years, onset ≥18 years) and 2) obesity duration over time (never obese, incident obesity, fluctuating obesity, and persistent obesity), testing differences by sex and race/ethnicity. RESULTS: Among 24- to 33-year-old participants, 4.4% had diabetes (approximately half were undiagnosed), with a higher prevalence in blacks and Hispanics than whites. In multivariable analyses, women who became obese before age 16 were more likely to have diabetes than women who became obese at or after age 18 (odds ratio 2.77 [95% CI 1.39-5.52]), even after accounting for current BMI, waist circumference, and age at menarche. Persistent (vs. adult onset) obesity was associated with increased likelihood of diabetes in men (2.27 [1.41-3.64]) and women (2.08 [1.34-3.24]). CONCLUSIONS: Diabetes risk is particularly high in individuals who were obese as adolescents relative to those with adult-onset obesity, thus highlighting the need for diabetes prevention efforts to address pediatric obesity. FAU - The, Natalie S
Increased GLP-1 response to oral glucose in pre-pubertal obese children.$$$ BACKGROUND: Gastrointestinal hormones, such as glucagon-like peptide (GLP-1), have been hypothesized to play a role in the pathogenesis of obesity-related complications. However, few data are available in youth. The objective of this study was to investigate the GLP-1 response to oral glucose load in obese pre-pubertal children and its relationship with insulin secretion. METHODS: Ten pre-pubertal obese children [five boys; 10.5±1.6 years; body mass index-standard deviation score (BMI-SDS): 2.2±0.5] and 10 controls (eight boys; 9.9±1.2 years; BMI-SDS: -0.7±0.5) underwent a modified oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) to evaluate post-load glucose, insulin and GLP-1 responses. Insulin sensitivity [homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), whole body insulin sensitivity index (WBISI)] and secretion [HOMA-beta, insulinogenic index (IGI)] indexes, area under the curve (AUC) for glucose, insulin and GLP-1 were calculated. RESULTS: In obese children GLP-1 AUC values were higher and correlated with BMI-SDS (r=0.45; p=0.04), HOMA-IR (r=0.53; p=0.01) and fasting glucose (r=0.68; p=0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Obese children showed an increased GLP-1 response to oral glucose. These changes might likely represent a compensatory mechanism to avoid post-prandial hyperglycemia and allow a normal glucose tolerance. FAU - Giannini, Cosimo
Differential sex effects of systolic blood pressure and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol on type 2 diabetes: Life course data from the Bogalusa Heart Study.$$$ BACKGROUND: There may be sex-specific cardiometabolic mechanisms early in life that affect the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) through mid-adulthood. However, few studies have examined whether early life course interactions between cardiometabolic risk factors and sex are associated with incident T2DM. METHODS: This study followed 7725 children (3834 [49.6%] females, 3891 [50.4%] males) from the Bogalusa Heart Study through mid-adulthood to examine whether low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), body mass index (BMI), or systolic blood pressure (SBP) differentially affect the risk of T2DM for females versus males. Potential sex interactions were tested after adjusting for age, race, triglycerides, smoking, follow-up time, puberty stage, use of birth control, and enrollment year. RESULTS: Mean (± SD) age at baseline was 9.4 ± 3.5 years. There were 176 cases of T2DM (cumulative incidence = 2.3%) during a median follow-up of 9.1 years. In females versus males, LDL-C and SBP were differentially associated with T2DM (P ≤ 0.001 and P = 0.017, respectively). The relationships of BMI and HDL-C with T2DM were non-differential between females and males (P = 0.79 and P = 0.27, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: This study is the first to show evidence of sex-specific differential effects of LDL-C and SBP on the risk of T2DM from childhood to adulthood. Greater LDL-C places girls at disproportionally higher risk of T2DM as women, whereas greater SBP differentially exposes boys to a greater risk of T2DM as men. Additional studies within existing child cohorts are needed to confirm and investigate the mechanisms underlying these differential effects.
Adiponectin is associated with lipid profile and insulin sensitivity in French adolescents.$$$ AIM: The favourable relationship of adiponectin with the metabolic profile demonstrated in adults has been less studied in youths. The aim of this study was to examine cross-sectional and longitudinal associations between adiponectin and various metabolic risk factors in 12-year-old adolescents. METHODS: Subjects were participants in a randomized controlled study to promote physical activity (PA). Cross-sectional associations were assessed at entry in 2002 among 647 PA-exposed and control first-level students (49% male, 11.6+/-0.6 years of age). Longitudinal analyses involved 288 control students surveyed in 2002 and 2004. Baseline measurements included fasting serum adiponectin and anthropometric indices (body mass, waist size, body fat [BF] by bioimpedance), insulin concentration, homeostasis model assessment (HOMA), high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, triglycerides (TG), soluble TNF-alpha receptor 1 (sTNF-alpha R1) and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein. Analyses were performed with generalized linear mixed-effects models, taking into account correlations among adolescents in the same school. RESULTS: Cross-sectionally, plasma adiponectin was inversely associated with obesity indices, especially waist size (P<10(-2)), HOMA (P<0.03), insulin (P<0.04), TG (P<10(-2)) and sTNF-alpha R1 (P<0.05), and positively related to HDL cholesterol (P<10(-4)), after adjusting for age, gender, sexual maturity, sports participation and adiposity when relevant. Longitudinally, a higher baseline adiponectin level was associated with a more favourable two-year change in TG (P<0.05), even after accounting for baseline TG, and two-year BF and insulin changes. CONCLUSION: The findings of this study suggest a favourable relationship between adiponectin and both metabolic profile and subsequent changes in TG level in young adolescents. FAU - Wagner, A
Measurement of selected androgens using liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry in reproductive-age women with Type 1 diabetes.$$$ STUDY QUESTION: What information does androgen profiling using liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) provide in reproductive-age women with Type 1 diabetes (T1D)? SUMMARY ANSWER: In T1D women, androstenedione proved most useful of the measured androgens in differentiating subgroups based on clinical phenotypes of hyperandrogenism (HA) and polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: The prevalence of HA and PCOS are increased in women with T1D. These observations are based on measurement of serum androgens using immunoassays, to-date no studies using LC-MS/MS have been reported in reproductive-age women with T1D. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: This was a cross-sectional study with recruitment of three groups of reproductive-age women: women with T1D (n = 87), non-diabetic women with (N = 97) and without PCOS (N = 101). PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Using LC-MS/MS, we aimed to characterize androgen profiles and PCOS status in women with T1D, and interpret findings in relation to cohorts of non-diabetic women with and without PCOS. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Compared to non-diabetic women, dehydroepiandrosterone/dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate (DHEA/DHEAS) ratio was lower (P < 0.05) in women with T1D. Testosterone levels were greater in T1D women with clinical HA and anovulation compared to those without clinical HA and with regular cycles, while androstenedione levels were greater in T1D women with HA and anovulation compared to those with HA and regular cycles and also those without HA and with regular cycles (P < 0.05 for all). Compared to T1D women without PCOS, the 18% of T1D women who had PCOS were younger with lower BMI, an older age of menarche, and were more likely to have a positive family history of PCOS (P < 0.05 for all). Androgen levels did not differ between women with T1D and PCOS compared to BMI-matched non-diabetic women with PCOS, but androstenedione levels were greater in T1D women with PCOS compared to obese women with PCOS (P < 0.05). LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: Relatively small subgroups of patients were studied, reducing the power to detect small differences. Free testosterone levels were not measured using equilibrium dialysis, and were not calculated - commonly used formulae have not been validated in T1D. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Androstenedione is a sensitive biochemical marker of clinical hyperandrogenism and PCOS in T1D. T1D women with PCOS are leaner than those without PCOS but are more likely to have a family history of PCOS. Women with T1D and PCOS have a similar biochemical phenotype to lean non-diabetic women with PCOS but differ from obese women with PCOS. The mechanisms underlying PCOS in T1D and its clinical significance require further investigation. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): The study was part-funded by the Meath Foundation. The authors have no competing interests. FAU - Gunness, A
Metabolomics reveals new metabolic perturbations in children with type 1 diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Using an untargeted metabolomics approach we investigated the metabolome of children with type 1 diabetes (T1D) in comparison with healthy peers and explored the contribution of HbA1c and clinical features to the observed difference. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We enrolled children with T1D aged 6-15 years, attending the pediatric diabetes clinic of University of Padova (Italy). Healthy controls were enrolled on voluntary basis and matched for age, sex, pubertal status, body mass index (BMI). We performed a liquid chromatography and mass spectrometry analysis (LC-MS) on fasting urinary samples of the 2 groups. RESULTS: A total of 56 patients with T1D aged (11.4 ± 2.2) years, and 30 healthy controls (10.7 ± 2.8) years were enrolled. We identified 59 urinary metabolites having a higher level in children with T1D, mainly represented by gluco- and mineralcorticoids, phenylalanine and tryptophan catabolites (kynurenine), small peptides, glycerophospholipids, fatty acids, and gut bacterial products. We did not find any association between HbA1c, pubertal status, disease duration, and metabolome profile within the case group. CONCLUSIONS: T1D profoundly disrupts the metabolome of pediatric patients. The excess of cortisol and aldosterone may contribute to the development of macrovascular complications in adulthood, while the increase of tryptophan derivates may have a role in neuronal damage associated to hyperglycemia. Determinants of such findings, other than HbA1c, should be explored.
Insulin secretion and its association with physical activity, fitness and screen time in children.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To determine the independent associations of moderate to vigorous physical activity (MVPA), fitness, screen time, and adiposity with insulin secretion in children. DESIGN AND METHODS: Caucasian youth (n = 423/630), 8-10 years old, with at least one obese biological parent, were studied (QUALITY cohort). Insulin secretion was measured using HOMA2-%B, area under the curve (AUC) of insulin to glucose over the first 30 minutes (AUC I/G(t30min)) of the OGTT and AUC I/G(t120min) over 2 hours. Fitness was measured by VO₂peak ; percent fat mass (PFM) by DXA; 7-day MVPA by accelerometry; self-reported screen time included television, video game, or computer use. Models were adjusted for age, sex, season, puberty, PFM, and insulin sensitivity [IS] (HOMA2-IS, Matsuda-ISI). RESULTS: PFM was strongly associated with insulin secretion, even after adjustment for IS: for every 1% increase in PFM, insulin secretion increased from 0.3% to 0.8% across indices. MVPA was negatively associated with HOMA2-%B (P < 0.05), but not with OGTT-derived measures. Fitness was negatively associated with AUC I/G(t120min) (P < 0.05). Screen time showed a trend toward higher HOMA2-%B in girls (P = 0.060). CONCLUSIONS: In children with an obese parent, lower insulin secretion is associated with lower adiposity, higher MVPA, better fitness, and possibly reduced screen time.
The impact of IGF-I, puberty and obesity on early retinopathy in children: a cross-sectional study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Childhood obesity has been correlated with coronary heart disease, but the correlation with microvascular disease remains unclear. The retinal microcirculation is affected early in the process of atherosclerosis and it offers the opportunity to indirectly study the effects of obesity on small brain vessels. Insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-I) is involved in angiogenesis and it has a crucial role in retinal vascularization. METHODS: A single-centre cross-sectional study was performed in 268 children and adolescents (116 males; mean age 13.03 ± 1.9 years,) with overweight/obesity, in order to identify risk factors for early retinopathy. RESULTS: Nine patients (3.3%) showed signs of retinopathy, defined as arteriovenous crossings and/or papilledema. Body mass index and fat mass, analysed by Dual X-ray Absorptiometry, were not different in patients with or without retinopathy. Patients with retinopathy were pubertal and showed higher waist circumference (107.78 ± 15.83 versus 99.46 ± 10.85 cm; p: 0.027), waist circumference/height ratio (0.66 ± 0.07 versus 0.62 ± 0.05; p: 0.04) and IGF-I SDS (0.03 ± 1.3 versus - 0.66 ± 0.9; p: 0.04). Multivariate analysis (after correction for sex, age, family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus, obesity, cardiovascular disease, hypertension and dyslipidaemia) showed that waist circumference/height ratio and IGF-I SDS were the only variables independently correlated with the presence of retinopathy. CONCLUSIONS: Retinal vascular changes may become evident as an early complication of overweight and obesity, even during childhood and adolescence. Relatively high levels of IGF-I during this phase may act as an additional risk factor for microvascular damage. The screening for retinopathy should be proposed to all children and adolescents with overweight/obesity. FAU - Bizzarri, Carla
The Role of Diabetes Mellitus in Sexual and Reproductive Health: An Overview of Pathogenesis, Evaluation, and Management.$$$ BACKGROUND: Uncontrolled or long-term diabetes mellitus is conducive to vascular and oxidative stress disturbances that impede several physiological systems, which may in turn elicit psychological symptoms. OBJECTIVE: We assess the sexual and hormonal complications of diabetes mellitus that impair reproductive function in males and females. METHODS: A comprehensive MEDLINE® search was guided using key words relevant to diabetes mellitus and reproductive health. RESULTS: We reviewed the pathogenesis, clinical manifestations, imaging modalities, pharmacological treatment, and intervention options for each diabetic reproductive complication in males and females. Erectile dysfunction secondary to angiopathic, neuropathic, and myopathic damage is a leading complication of diabetes in males. Other reproductive complications include ejaculatory dysfunction, hypogonadism, modified semen parameters, and delayed puberty. Specifics of reproductive dysfunction in diabetic women are less definite than in men due to the lack of standardized evaluation of sexual function in women as well as the increased role of psychological morbidity. Despite this, it is known to manifest as hypogonadism, hypoactive sexual desire disorder, dyspareunia, menstrual dysfunction, and polycystic ovarian syndrome. CONCLUSION: Longitudinal studies with larger sample sizes are necessary to better comprehend the connection between diabetes and sexual dysfunction, chiefly in females. Understanding and dividing the role of fertility and sexual issues in reproductive dysfunction can help guide evaluation and management.
Associations of pubertal stage and body mass index with cardiometabolic risk in Hong Kong Chinese children: A cross-sectional study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Puberty is associated with a clustering of cardiometabolic risk factors (CMRFs) during adolescence that are manifested in later life. Although anthropometric variables such as body mass index (BMI) can predict cardiometabolic risk in children and adolescents, it is not clear whether there is an interaction between pubertal stage and BMI associated with cardiometabolic risk in this age group. This paper examines the association of pubertal stage and BMI with CMRFs in Hong Kong Chinese children. METHODS: A cross-sectional school-based study was conducted among 1985 (95.1%) students aged 6 to 18 years. Fasting lipid profile and plasma glucose, blood pressure, body weight, body height and waist circumference were measured. A self-reported pubertal stage questionnaire was used to assess pubertal stage of participants. Two cardiometabolic risk scores, alpha and beta, were constructed to quantify cardiometabolic risk. Cardiometabolic risk score alpha refers to the sum of z-scores of sex-specific, age-adjusted waist circumference, height-adjusted systolic and diastolic blood pressure, fasting plasma glucose, triglyceride and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and minus z-score of sex-specific age-adjusted high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Cardiometabolic risk score beta includes all components of risk score alpha except waist circumference. RESULTS: The interaction of BMI z-score (ZBMI) and pubertal stage demonstrated a further increase in variance explained in both the cardiometabolic risk scores alpha and beta (0.5% and 0.8% respectively) in boys and (0.7% and 0.5% respectively) in girls. CONCLUSIONS: Pubertal stage has an interaction effect on the association of cardiometabolic risk by BMI in boys and may have a similar but lesser effect in girls. FAU - Chan, Noel P T
Predictors of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in obese children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate predictors of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in obese children. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SUBJECTS: Two hundred and sixty-eight obese children not consuming alcohol and without hepatitis B or C were consecutively studied at an auxology clinic. MEASUREMENTS: Alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), gamma-glutamyl-transferase (GGT), cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol, triglycerides, uric acid, glucose, glucose during oral glucose tolerance testing (OGTT), insulin, insulin during OGTT, insulin resistance as estimated by homeostasis model assessment (HOMA), C-reactive protein (CRP), and systolic and diastolic blood pressure were measured. Fatty liver was diagnosed by ultrasonography using standard criteria. Univariable and multivariable logistic regression was used to evaluate predictors of NAFLD. All predictors except gender and pubertal status were modeled as continuous variables. RESULTS: NAFLD was detected in 44% of obese children. At univariable analysis, male gender, Z-score of body mass index (BMI) (Z-BMI), ALT, AST, GGT, triglycerides, uric acid, glucose, glucose during OGTT, insulin, insulin during OGTT, HOMA, CRP and systolic blood pressure were predictors of NAFLD, whereas HDL-cholesterol and late-pubertal status were predictors of the normal liver. At multivariable analysis, however, only Z-BMI, ALT, uric acid, glucose during OGTT and insulin during OGTT were independent predictors of NAFLD. CONCLUSION: Z-BMI, ALT, uric acid, glucose during OGTT and insulin during OGTT are independent predictors of NAFLD in Italian obese children, with most of the prediction explained by ALT and Z-BMI. FAU - Sartorio, A
Myeloperoxidase as cardiovascular risk marker in pre-pubertal preterm children?$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: To evaluate the biomarkers related to cardiovascular risk in pre-pubertal preterm children with a birth weight of less than 1,500 g and relate them to current nutritional status, insulin resistance, and inflammation. METHODS & RESULTS: This is a cross-sectional, controlled study with pre-pubertal preterm children aged 5-9 years with a birth weight of less than 1500 g (Preterm group, n = 44) compared to full term children of adequate weight for gestational age (Control group, n = 30). Clinical evaluation: anthropometry and pubertal staging. Laboratory tests: total cholesterol and fractions, triglycerides, paraoxonase 1, apolipoproteins A-I and B, myeloperoxidase (MPO), high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), glycemia and insulin (to calculate HOMA-IR). In the preterm group, 19 (43.2%) were male, with mean birth weight and gestational age of 1157 ± 242 g and 30.0 ± 2.3 weeks, respectively. The preterm group showed lower concentrations of HDL-c (60.1 ± 10.1 vs. 69.0 ± 10.0 mg/dL; p < 0.001); higher concentrations of hs-CRP [0.55 mg/dL (0.30; 39.4) vs. 0.30 mg/dL (0.30; 10.80); p = 0.043], of MPO [21.1 ng/mL (5.7; 120.0) vs. 8.1 ng/mL (2.6; 29.6); p < 0.001] and of MPO/HDL-c ratio [0.39 (0.09; 2.07) ng/mg vs. 0.11 (0.05; 0.58)]. The MPO/HDL-c ratio was the variable that showed the best discriminatory power between the groups (AUC = 0.878; 95% CI; 0.795-0.961). MPO concentrations in the preterm group were correlated with those of hs-CRP (r = 0.390; p = 0.009), insulin (r = 0.448; p = 0.002) and HOMA-IR (r = 0.462; p = 0.002). CONCLUSION: Prepubertal preterm children show high MPO concentrations and MPO/HDL-c ratio that are associated with inflammation and oxidative stress, which, in turn, may be associated with atherosclerosis.
Influence of perinatal factors on the onset of puberty in boys and girls: implications for interpretation of link with risk of long term diseases.$$$ The authors examined the hypothesis that perinatal factors influence the onset of puberty. Children born as singletons in Uppsala, Sweden, in 1973-1977 were followed for height development before and during their school years (through 16 years of age). In all, 62 children born after preeclampsia, 129 born prematurely, 90 born small for gestational age, 175 born large for gestational age, 49 born short for gestational age, and 38 born tall for gestational age were compared with 688 "normal" children. Differences in age and height at puberty onset and age at menarche were analyzed using the t test and analyses of covariance. For boys, the mean age at puberty onset did not differ between normal boys and those with perinatal factors. Boys born small or short for gestational age were 4 cm shorter than normal boys, and those born large for gestational age were 3 cm taller than normal boys. Among girls, patterns for differences in height were similar. Girls born small for gestational age were 5 months younger than normal girls at the onset of puberty and menarche. Patterns of early childhood growth seemed to explain the relations between these perinatal factors and height and age at puberty. The authors conclude that body size at birth affects stature at puberty; in girls, smallness for gestational age is associated with earlier puberty. Associations between intrauterine exposures and disease risk may be confounded by, or mediated through, effects on adolescence. FAU - Persson, I
Height, its components, and cardiovascular risk among older Chinese: a cross-sectional analysis of the Guangzhou Biobank Cohort Study.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Better childhood conditions, inferred from height and specifically leg length, are usually protective against ischemic heart disease and its risk factors in Western countries. In other geoethnic populations, height is less clearly protective, casting doubt on there being a biological etiology. To clarify the role of childhood conditions, we examined the associations of height and its components with cardiovascular risk among older Chinese people. METHODS: We used multivariable regression to examine the associations of height and its components with blood pressure, lipid profile, and diabetes in 10413 older Chinese adults (mean age=64.6 years). RESULTS: After we adjusted for age, gender, socioeconomic status, and lifestyle habits, greater sitting height was associated with diabetes and dyslipidemia. Longer legs were associated with lower pulse pressure and lower low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. CONCLUSIONS: We provide indirect anthropometric evidence for the role of pre-pubertal and pubertal exposures on cardiovascular risk. Pubertal exposures are stronger than are prepubertal exposures but may be influenced by osteoporotic decline in old age. Further research should establish whether the observed relations are ethnically specific or relate to the stage or trajectory of socioeconomic development. FAU - Schooling, C Mary
Endocrine function and bone disease during long-term chelation therapy with deferasirox in patients with β-thalassemia major.$$$ Iron overload in β-thalassemia major (TM) typically results in iron-induced cardiomyopathy, liver disease, and endocrine complications. We examined the incidence and progression of endocrine disorders (hypothyroidism, diabetes, hypoparathyroidism, hypogonadism), growth and pubertal delay, and bone metabolism disease during long-term deferasirox chelation therapy in a real clinical practice setting. We report a multicenter retrospective cohort study of 86 transfusion-dependent patients with TM treated with once daily deferasirox for a median duration of 6.5 years, up to 10 years. No deaths or new cases of hypothyroidism or diabetes occurred. The incidence of new endocrine complications was 7% (P = 0.338, for change of prevalence from baseline to end of study) and included hypogonadism (n = 5) and hypoparathyroidism (n = 1). Among patients with hypothyroidism or diabetes at baseline, no significant change in thyroid parameters or insulin requirements were observed, respectively. Mean lumbar spine bone mineral density increased significantly (P < 0.001) and the number of patients with lumbar spine osteoporosis significantly decreased (P = 0.022) irrespective of bisphosphonate therapy, hormonal replacement therapy, and calcium or vitamin D supplementation. There were no significant differences in the number of pediatric patients below the 5th centile for height between baseline and study completion. Six pregnancies occurred successfully, and four of them were spontaneous without ovarian stimulation. This is the first study evaluating endocrine function during the newest oral chelation therapy with deferasirox. A low rate of new endocrine disorders and a stabilization of those pre-exisisting was observed in a real clinical practice setting.
Fasting insulin resistance affects the prevalence of metabolically healthy obesity in Brazilian adolescents.$$$ AIM: We aimed to assess the influence of fasting insulin resistance on metabolically healthy obesity (MHO) prevalence in adolescents and to identify associated factors. METHODS: This retrospective, registry-based, cross-sectional study included 418 (51.9% girls) 10- to 18-year-old adolescents with obesity from a tertiary outpatient clinic in Sao Paulo, Brazil, between 2009 and 2013. The prevalence of MHO was estimated according to two definitions: (i) no cardiometabolic risk factors (CMRF) by the International Diabetes Federation parameters and (ii) no CMRF and homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance <3.16. Adjusted prevalence ratios and 95% confidence intervals (CI) evaluated the association of gender, age, pubertal stages, skin colour and degree of obesity with MHO. RESULTS: Metabolically healthy obesity prevalence was lower in definition II than definition I (12.7%; 95% CI 9.1-16.3% versus 43.1%; 95% CI 38.0-48.2%, respectively). Adjusted results showed negative association between severe obesity and MHO by both definitions (p ≤ 0.01). Male and later pubertal stages were also less likely to have MHO, but neither remained significant in definition II. CONCLUSION: Metabolically healthy obesity prevalence decreased when insulin resistance was part of the definition. Detecting pre-clinical insulin resistance may improve the management of treatment-seeking adolescents, especially when they present no CMRF.
National data on the epidemiology of IDDM in Greece. Cases diagnosed in 1992. Hellenic Epidemiology Study Group.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To detect the incidence, geographic distribution, and seasonal variation of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) in all of Greece. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: One hundred and thirty-seven children (75 boys and 62 girls) up to 14.9 years of age were diagnosed with IDDM in Greece in 1992. RESULTS: The age-adjusted incidence of IDDM in Greece in 1992 was 6.25/100,000 population (boys: 6.17/100,000;: girls: 6.28/100,000). There was a significant pubertal peak. The incidence of IDDM was significantly higher in metropolitan (10.0/100,000) than in rural (4.21/100,000), semirural (7.48/100,000), or urban areas (5.36/100,000) of Athens. There was a marginal difference between rural and semirural areas. No significant seasonal variation in the incidence of IDDM was observed. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that the incidence of IDDM in Greece is among the five lowest in Europe. An impressive clustering of cases was observed in the Athens metropolitan area compared with the rural and semirural areas, an observation that possibly underlines the importance of environmental factors (stressful situations, infections, dietary habits, and others) in the expression of IDDM. FAU - Dacou-Voutetakis, C
Correlates of the peak height velocity in girls with idiopathic scoliosis.$$$ STUDY DESIGN: Prospective longitudinal. OBJECTIVE: Determine correlates of the peak height velocity (PHV) in girls with idiopathic scoliosis. SUMMARY OF BACKGROUND DATA: Only identifiable retrospectively, the PHV is the most useful known maturity marker in idiopathic scoliosis. Clinically useful correlates are needed to make PHV timing helpful. METHODS: A total of 24 immature girls with idiopathic scoliosis were followed with serial heights, sexual staging, skeletal ages, spinal radiographs, insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-1, IGF binding protein-3, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, estradiol, bone-specific alkaline phosphatase, and osteocalcin levels. These markers were correlated to PHV timing. RESULTS: There were 14 girls who had identifiable growth peaks that averaged 10.5 +/- 1.8 cm/y at age 11.7 +/- 1 years. At the PHV, all girls were Risser 0 with open triradiate cartilages. On a skeletal age radiograph, digital uncapped phalangeal epiphyses were indicative of pre-PHV and fused epiphyses of post-PHV. Capped but unfused epiphyses were indeterminate. Tanner stage 1 for breast strongly indicates pre-PHV. Stage 3 for breast and pubic hair occurred at or after the PHV, and stage 4 always occurred after PHV. Higher IGF-1 and estradiol levels after PHV are potentially discriminatory. CONCLUSIONS: The PHV occurs during Risser 0 with open triradiate cartilages. If triradiate cartilages are open, then Tanner stages, IGF-1, estradiol levels, and the appearance of the epiphyses on a skeletal age radiograph are useful in determining status before or after PHV. FAU - Sanders, James O
Objectively measured physical activity correlates with indices of insulin resistance in Danish children. The European Youth Heart Study (EYHS).$$$ OBJECTIVE: To explore the association between measures of insulin resistance with objectively assessed physical activity. DESIGN: School-based, cross-sectional study. SUBJECTS: A randomly selected sample of 589 children (310 girls, 279 boys, mean (standard deviations, s.d.) age=9.7 (0.44) y, weight=33.6 (6.4) kg, height=1.39 (0.06) m) from Denmark. METHODS: Fasting blood samples were analysed for serum insulin and glucose. Physical activity was measured with the uniaxial Computer Science and Applications (CSA) model 7164 accelerometer, worn for at least 3 days (>/=10 h day(-1)). Adiposity was assessed by the sum of four skinfolds. Multiple linear regression were performed to model insulin and glucose from average CSA output, adjusted for age, gender, puberty, ethnicity, birth weight, parental smoking, socioeconomic group, and CSA unit. In addition, we adjusted for skinfold thickness. RESULTS: Mean fasting serum glucose ranged from 4.1 to 6.5 mmol l(-1) with a mean (s.d.) of 5.1 (0.37) mmol l(-1). Fasting insulin was negatively correlated with CSA output on levels of adjustment. Fasting glucose was not significantly associated with physical activity. However, in girls both indices of insulin resistance were significantly related to activity, whereas in boys none of the associations were significant. CONCLUSION: Physical activity is inversely associated with fasting insulin in the nondiabetic range of fasting glucose. The relationship was stronger for insulin than for glucose, indicating compensatory action by the beta cells. Our data emphasise the importance of physical activity in children for the maintenance of metabolic control. FAU - Brage, S
Determination of 17OHPreg and DHEAS by LC-MS/MS: Impact of Age, Sex, Pubertal Stage, and BMI on the Δ5 Steroid Pathway.$$$ BACKGROUND: Dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS) and 17-hydroxypregnenolone (17OHPreg) are important for understanding the Δ5 pathway (e.g., in adrenarche and obesity). Although mass spectrometry has become the state-of-the-art method for quantifying steroids, there are few comprehensive age-, sex-, and pubertal stage-specific reference ranges for children. AIMS: To develop a sensitive and reliable ultra-performance liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry (UPLC-MS/MS) method for simultaneous quantification of DHEAS and 17OHPreg and to establish entire age-, sex- and pubertal stage-specific reference ranges in children. METHODS: A total of 684 children, 453 (243 female, 210 male) with normal body mass index (BMI; <90th) and 231 (132 female, 99 male) obese subjects (>97th), were categorized into 11 age groups, and age- and Tanner stage (PH)-specific reference ranges were determined. RESULTS: The limit of detection was 0.05 nmol/L for 17OHPreg and 0.5 nmol/L for DHEAS. Levels of both steroids declined after the neonatal period. Comparisons with RIA assays (Siemens, Munich, Germany) (DHEAS) and an in-house kit (17OHPreg) revealed 0.95 and 0.93, respectively, as coefficients of determination. Although DHEAS-generally higher in boys-increased continuously starting at 3 to 6 years, 17OHPreg remained largely constant. In obese patients, both were significantly elevated, also in part after alignment to Tanner stages (PH). CONCLUSIONS: UPLC-MS/MS is sensitive and reliable for quantifying DHEAS and 17OHPreg. Our data support differential maturation of CYP17 during adrenarche with successively increasing 17,20-lyase activity but largely constant 17α-hydroxylation activity. Endocrine interpretation of 17OHPreg and DHEAS must consider differential patterns for age, sex, pubertal stage, and BMI.
Exposure to Gestational Diabetes Is a Stronger Predictor of Dysmetabolic Traits in Children Than Size at Birth.$$$ CONTEXT AND OBJECTIVE: Being born small or large for gestational age and intrauterine exposure to gestational diabetes (GDM) increase the risk of type 2 diabetes in the offspring. However, the potential combined deleterious effects of size at birth and GDM exposure remains unknown. We examined the independent effect of size at birth and the influence of GDM exposure in utero on cardiometabolic traits, body composition, and puberty status in children. DESIGN, PARTICIPANTS, AND METHODS: The present study was a longitudinal birth cohort study. We used clinical data from 490 offspring of mothers with GDM and 527 control offspring aged 9 to 16 years, born singleton at term from the Danish National Birth Cohort with available birthweight data. RESULTS: We found no evidence of a U-shaped association between size at birth (expressed as birthweight, sex, and gestational age adjusted z-score) and cardiometabolic traits. Body size in childhood and adolescence reflected the size at birth but was not reflected in any metabolic outcome. No synergistic adverse effect of being born small or large for gestational age and exposure to GDM was shown. However, GDM was associated with an adverse metabolic profile and earlier onset of female puberty in childhood and adolescence independently of size at birth. CONCLUSION: In childhood and adolescence, we found GDM was a stronger predictor of dysmetabolic traits than size at birth. The combination of being born small or large and exposed to GDM does not exacerbate the metabolic profile in the offspring.
Metabolic monitoring of obese children born small for gestational age.$$$ INTRODUCTION: The "catch-up growth" phenomenon in children born small for gestational age (SGA) has been linked to early onset obesity with the subsequent emergence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) or its components. It has been postulated that the prevalence of MetS and its components increases strongly with age. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A retrospective study was carried out over a 5 year period (2007-2011) to determine long-term metabolic complications in obese children born with normal weight for gestational age (appropriate for gestational age: AGA) and SGA. 517 patients were qualified into the study. According to birth weight and gestational age they were first divided into SGA (107 patients--20%) and AGA (410 patients--80%) and then by age into three subgroups: prepubertary group, pubertary group and adolescents. Blood pressure, lipids and glucose were measured. Oral glucose tolerance tests (oGTT) were performed in all subjects. RESULTS: Prepubertary patients showed no significant differences between SGA and AGA; 4.8% met the framing criteria (according to Weiss) for MetS. Pubertary patients showed a slightly increased prevalence of MetS among SGA patients 10.8%, compared to AGA patients 7.3%. MetS prevalence was significantly higher in obese adolescents born SGA 26.3% compared to AGA 15.7%. CONCLUSION: MetS or its components develop progressively with age. Increased prevalence of MetS in SGA patients indicates that being born SGA appears to be an additional risk factor in the development of MetS starting with puberty.
Plasma leptin is associated with insulin resistance independent of age, body mass index, fat mass, lipids, and pubertal development in nondiabetic adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The rising epidemic worldwide in overweight and obese children requires urgent attention. Leptin has been found to be associated with body weight control and possibly affects insulin sensitivity. Since insulin resistance is associated with obesity in adults and possibly in adolescents, we set out to investigate the association of plasma leptin level with various anthropometric indices, body fat mass (FM), lipids, and insulin resistance (IR) index in nondiabetic adolescents. DESIGN: A cross-sectional study from three high schools in Taipei City in Taiwan. SUBJECTS: A total of 402 nondiabetic subjects (162 boys and 240 girls; age range, 10-19 y; mean age, 15.8+/-1.9 y, and mean body mass index (BMI), 24.8+/-4.6 kg/m(2)) were recruited. MEASUREMENTS: The fasting plasma leptin, plasma glucose, insulin, lipids, and anthropometric indices including height, weight, waist (WC) and hip circumferences, and waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) were examined. Total body FM and percentage body fat (FM%) were obtained from dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. The homeostasis model was applied to estimate the degree of IR. RESULTS: The plasma leptin levels were significantly higher in girls (17.45+/-10.13 ng/ml) than boys (8.81+/-6.71 ng/ml, P<0.001). The plasma leptin levels were positively correlated to BMI, WC, WHR, FM, FM%, and triglycerides (TG). The IR index was positively correlated to BMI, WC, WHR, FM, FM%, TG, and leptin. Using the multivariate linear regression models, we found that plasma leptin remains significantly associated with IR index even after adjusting for age, gender, BMI, FM, WC, Tanner stage, and TG. CONCLUSION: Plasma leptin was associated with IR index independent of age, gender, BMI, FM, WC, Tanner stage, and TG. Plasma leptin levels in adolescents could be a predictor for the development of the metabolic syndrome disorders and cardiovascular diseases. FAU - Huang, K-C
Changes of plasma concentrations of insulin-like peptide 3 and testosterone, and their association with scrotal circumference during pubertal development in male goats.$$$ Insulin-like peptide 3 (INSL3) has been used as a testis-specific biomarker for puberty in several species, but the secretory profile of INSL3 during pubertal development in small ruminants is unknown. Here we sought to determine the age-related changes in the plasma concentrations of INSL3 and testosterone and their association with scrotal circumference during pubertal development in five male Shiba goats. Blood samples and scrotal circumference measurement were taken every 2 weeks from week 10 to week 52 of each goat's lifespan. Based on the changes in scrotal circumference, data were grouped into early pubertal (10-22 weeks), late pubertal (22-34 weeks) and post-pubertal (34-52 weeks) categories. The plasma concentrations of testosterone and luteinizing hormone (LH) were measured by enzyme-immunoassays (EIAs), and we used a time-resolved fluorescence immunoassay (TRFIA) to measure plasma INSL3. The biweekly sampling showed that the plasma INSL3 secretions maintained a moderate increase during and after puberty, whereas the plasma testosterone secretions fluctuated over the same period. The comparison of the three age categories revealed a significant increase (p < 0.01) in the mean plasma INSL3 concentrations during the late and post-pubertal periods compared to the early pubertal period. There was no difference in the mean plasma testosterone concentrations between the early and late pubertal periods, but a significant increase (p < 0.01) was observed during the post-pubertal period compared to early and late pubertal periods. The mean plasma LH concentrations increased significantly (p < 0.05) from the early pubertal to late pubertal and from the late pubertal to post-pubertal periods. A significant increase (p < 0.05) in the mean scrotal circumference from the early pubertal to late pubertal and from the late pubertal to post-pubertal periods was observed. The R(2) value of the best regression curves between scrotal circumference and INSL3 (0.513; p < 0.001) was higher than that between scrotal circumference and testosterone (0.162; p < 0.01) from 10 to 52 weeks of age. In conclusion, in male goats, plasma concentrations of INSL3 increased continuously during and after puberty, whereas testosterone secretions were fluctuated. The scrotal circumference was more highly correlated with the INSL3 concentrations than with testosterone, implying that INSL3 is superior as a biomarker of testicular total Leydig cell volume.
Serum IGF1 and insulin levels in girls with normal and precocious puberty.$$$ OBJECTIVE: IGF1 plays an important role in growth and metabolism during puberty. IGF1 levels are increased in girls with central precocious puberty (CPP). However, the relationship with insulin before and during gonadal suppression is unknown. In addition, the influence of the exon 3-deleted GH receptor gene (GHRd3) on IGF1 levels was evaluated. DESIGN: Nine hundred and eleven healthy and 23 early pubertal girls (15 with CPP) participated and were evaluated by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) scans, fasting and oral glucose-stimulated insulin levels, IGF1 levels, and GHR genotyping. Fifteen girls with early puberty (13 with CPP) were treated with GNRH agonists and reevaluated after 3 and 12 months. RESULTS: IGF1 and insulin levels were higher in girls with CPP compared with healthy controls after adjustment for age, bone age, and breast development (all P≤0.02). IGF1 levels were only significantly positively correlated with insulin levels in girls with CPP at baseline (P≤0.03). During gonadal suppression, changes in IGF1 levels were inversely associated with changes in insulin levels (P=0.04). The GHRd3/d3 genotype was associated with significantly higher IGF1 levels (P=0.01) but not with earlier pubertal timing in healthy girls. The distribution of the GHRd3 genotypes among girls with CPP did not differ significantly from healthy girls (P=0.2). CONCLUSION: The increased IGF1 and insulin levels in girls with CPP may be causally interrelated. In addition, the GHRd3 allele positively influences IGF1 levels in a copy number-response relationship but not pubertal timing in healthy girls. FAU - Sørensen, Kaspar
Risk factors for endometrial cancer in black and white women: a pooled analysis from the Epidemiology of Endometrial Cancer Consortium (E2C2).$$$ PURPOSE: Endometrial cancer (EC) is the most common gynecologic cancer in the USA. Over the last decade, the incidence rate has been increasing, with a larger increase among blacks. The aim of this study was to compare risk factors for EC in black and white women. METHODS: Data from seven cohort and four case-control studies were pooled. Unconditional logistic regression was used to estimate adjusted odds ratios (OR) and 95 % confidence intervals for each risk factor in blacks and whites separately. RESULTS: Data were pooled for 2,011 black women (516 cases and 1,495 controls) and 19,297 white women (5,693 cases and 13,604 controls). BMI ≥ 30 was associated with an approximate threefold increase in risk of EC in both black and white women (ORblack 2.93, 95 % CI 2.11, 4.07 and ORwhite 2.99, 95 % CI 2.74, 3.26). Diabetes was associated with a 30-40 % increase in risk among both groups. Increasing parity was associated with decreasing risk of EC in blacks and whites (p value = 0.02 and <0.001, respectively). Current and former smoking was associated with decreased risk of EC among all women. Both black and white women who used oral contraceptives for 10 +years were also at reduced risk of EC (OR 0.49, 95 % CI 0.27, 0.88 and OR 0.69, 95 % CI 0.58, 0.83, respectively). Previous history of hypertension was not associated with EC risk in either group. CONCLUSIONS: The major known risk factors for EC exert similar effects on black and white women. Differences in the incidence rates between the two populations may be due to differences in the prevalence of risk factors. FAU - Cote, Michele L
A longitudinal assessment of ghrelin and bone mineral density with advancing pubertal maturation in adolescent female athletes.$$$ AIM: The aim of the present study was to investigate changes in ghrelin and bone mineral density (BMD) during further biological maturation after onset of puberty in female adolescent swimmers. METHODS: Swimmers (n=17) were tested once a year during a two year study period. At the first year, swimmers were at pubertal stages 2 & 3. Fasting plasma ghrelin, leptin, estradiol, insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-I) and BMD of the total body, lumbar spine and femoral neck were measured. RESULTS: Ghrelin did not change during the further pubertal development after onset of puberty. No differences in leptin were also seen during the study period. Estradiol and IGF-I were increased during further pubertal development. Total and lumbar spine BMD increased along with further biological maturation. In contrast, further pubertal development had no effect on femoral neck BMD in adolescent female swimmers. Ghrelin was not related to measured BMD values after adjusting for pubertal status at any measurement time. CONCLUSION: Ghrelin concentration did not change with advancing age and pubertal stage after onset of puberty and had no direct influence on bone mineralisation in adolescent female swimmers. FAU - Jürimäe, J
Fitness and fatness are independently associated with markers of insulin resistance in European adolescents$$$ the HELENA study.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the independent association of total and central body fat and cardiorespiratory fitness with markers of insulin resistance after controlling for several potential confounders in European adolescents participating in the HELENA-CSS (Healthy Lifestyle in Europe by Nutrition in Adolescence Cross-Sectional) study. METHODS: We conducted a cross sectional study (the HELENA-CSS) which comprised 1053 (12.5-17.5 years) adolescents from 10 European cities. Weight, height, waist circumference and skinfold thickness were measured, and body mass index (BMI) was calculated. Cardiorespiratory fitness was measured by the 20-m shuttle run test. Markers of insulin resistance were fasting insulin and glucose, and homeostasis model assessment (HOMA). RESULTS: HOMA and insulin were positively associated with BMI, skinfolds and waist circumference after controlling for center, age, pubertal status and cardiorespiratory fitness (all P ? 0.01). HOMA and insulin were negatively associated with cardiorespiratory fitness in adolescents with moderate to high levels of total and central body fat (all P ? 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: HOMA and insulin were associated with total and central body fat in European adolescents. Moreover, cardiorespiratory fitness explained a part of the HOMA and insulin variance in those adolescents with moderate to high levels of total and central body fat, and also, to some extent, in those with low to middle fat mass. FAU - Jiménez-Pavón, David
The influence of puberty on vitamin D status in obese children and the possible relation between vitamin D deficiency and insulin resistance.$$$ BACKGROUND: Puberty can affect vitamin D levels. OBJECTIVES: The goal of this study was to analyze the relation between vitamin D deficiency and puberty in obese Spanish children, along with the possible interrelation between vitamin D status and degree of insulin resistance. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was carried out, in which clinical and biochemical data were gathered from 120 obese and 50 normal weight children between January 2011 and January 2013. RESULTS: Mean vitamin D levels were 19.5 and 31.6 ng/mL in obese pubertal and obese prepubertal children, respectively. About 75% of the obese pubertal subjects and 46% of the obese prepubertal subjects had vitamin D deficiency. Vitamin D levels were significantly lower in pubescent subjects compared with pre-pubescent subjects in summer, fall, and winter. There was no apparent relation between vitamin D levels and homeostasis model assessment index for insulin resistence (expressed in standard deviation score for sex and Tanner stage) in either puberty or pre-puberty. CONCLUSION: Puberty may be a risk factor for the vitamin D deficiency commonly found in the obese child population. This deficiency is not associated with higher insulin resistance in obese pubertal children compared with obese prepubertal children. FAU - Gutiérrez Medina, Sonsoles
Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Is Not Associated with the Relationship between Insulin Secretion and Insulin Sensitivity in Obese Children: Matched Case-Control Study.$$$ BACKGROUND: No study so far has evaluated the relationship between insulin secretion (ISEC) and insulin sensitivity (ISEN) in pediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). We evaluated the relationship between ISEC and ISEN in young obese patients with and without NAFLD. METHODS: We matched 401 NAFLD(+) and 595 NAFLD(-) children by sex (same), age (≤1 year), pubertal status (same), and body mass index (BMI; ≤0.05 standard deviation scores) using coarsened exact matching. The insulinogenic index and the ratio between the incremental areas under the curve of insulin and glucose were used as indices of ISEC. The quantitative ISEN check index, the oral glucose ISEN index, the Stumvoll index, and the Matsuda ISEN index were used as indices of ISEN. The association of NAFLD with the relationship between ISEC (response) and ISEN (predictor) was evaluated using median regression. RESULTS: The NAFLD·ISEN interaction was not significant in any regression model, implying commons slopes for NAFLD(+) and NAFLD(-) children. When such interaction was removed from the models, the NAFLD term was not significant, implying commons intercepts for NAFLD(+) and NAFLD(-) children. CONCLUSION: NAFLD is not associated with the relationship between ISEN and ISEC in young obese children strictly matched for sex, age, pubertal status, and BMI. FAU - Bedogni, Giorgio
Ectopic fat deposition in prediabetic overweight and obese minority adolescents.$$$ CONTEXT: Optimizing effective prevention and treatment of type 2 diabetes in youth is limited by incomplete understanding of its pathophysiology and how this varies across ethnicities with high risk. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to examine the contribution of visceral adipose tissue (VAT), hepatic fat fraction (HFF), and pancreatic fat fraction (PFF) to prediabetes in overweight/obese African American (AA) and Latino youth. DESIGN AND SETTING: We conducted a cross-sectional study in an academic pediatric care facility. SUBJECTS: A total of 148 healthy, overweight/obese adolescents (56 AA, 92 Latino; 72 males, 76 females; age, 15.5 ± 1.2 y; BMI z-score, 2.1 ± 0.5) participated in the study. They were normal glucose tolerant (n = 106) and prediabetic (n = 42), based on fasting glucose of 100-125 mg/dL and/or 2-hour glucose of 140-199 mg/dL, and/or hemoglobin A1C 6.0-6.4%. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: We measured sc abdominal adipose tissue, VAT, HFF, and PFF by 3-Tesla magnetic resonance imaging and measured total body fat by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry. RESULTS: Adolescents with prediabetes had 30% higher HFF (P = .001) and 31% higher PFF (P = .042), compared to those with normal glucose tolerance after controlling for age, sex, pubertal stage, ethnicity, total percentage body fat, and VAT. Logistic regression showed that PFF predicted prediabetes in AAs and HFF predicted prediabetes in Latinos, with the odds of having prediabetes increased by 66% for every 1% increase in PFF in African Americans, and increased by 22% for every 1% increase in HFF in Latinos. CONCLUSION: These data demonstrate that ectopic fat phenotypes associated with prediabetes are established by adolescence. Ethnic differences in the deposition of ectopic fat in adolescents with prediabetes may differ, with pancreatic fat in AAs, vs hepatic fat in Latino adolescents, being associated with diabetes risk. FAU - Toledo-Corral, Claudia M
Retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4) is primarily associated with adipose tissue mass in children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4) is a novel adipocytokine that may link obesity and insulin resistance. We aimed to discriminate between primary and secondary associations of RBP4 with obesity and related disease. DESIGN: We applied clinical and experimental approaches to investigate the association of RBP4 levels with normal development, obesity, metabolic and cardiovascular parameters in 68 lean and 61 obese children. RESULTS: RBP4 significantly increased with age and pubertal development in healthy lean children. Obese children had significantly higher RBP4 levels compared with lean controls (30.5±1.4 vs. 26.3±1.1 mg/L, P<0.05) and there was a clear association with BMI independent of age (r=0.33, P<0.0001). RBP4 levels correlated significantly with parameters of lipid and glucose metabolism, as well as cardiovascular parameters in univariate analyses. Multiple regression analyses confirmed the strong association of RBP4 with BMI z-score and age, while the association with most metabolic and cardiovascular parameters was abolished. To assess whether the association of RBP4 with obesity may be attributable to adipogenesis, we evaluated RBP4 expression and secretion during adipocyte differentiation using the human SGBS cell line. In preadipocytes, RBP4 mRNA expression was nearly undetectable but increased during differentiation up to approximately 1600-fold (P<0.05). Likewise, RBP4 secretion was restricted to mature adipocytes, further indicating that RBP4 is strongly related to differentiation of adipocytes. CONCLUSION: RBP4 is a marker of adipose tissue mass and obesity already evident in children. The association of RBP4 with metabolic and cardiovascular sequelae of obesity appears to be secondary to the underlying relationship wtih body fat. FAU - Friebe, D
Body composition and metabolic factors in obese children and adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Body composition is associated with metablic factors in adults; however, data are limited regarding obese children. This study was undertaken to assess body composition, regional fat distribution, and metabolic factors in obese 6-18-y-old children and adolescents. DESIGN: Cross-sectional assessment. SUBJECTS: Thirty-six obese children and adolescents, (mean+/-s.e.m.) age 11.8+/-0.5 y, BMI 34.1+/-1.2 kg/m(2). MEASUREMENTS: Body composition was assessed by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry and computerized tomography. Fasting insulin, glucose and leptin levels, and the homeostasis model assessment of insulin sensitivity (HOMA-IR) were assessed. RESULTS: The girls had significantly lower glucose levels than the boys. The ethnic group differences (African American children vs white children) in fat mass, total CT fat, subcutaneous CT fat, insulin level, leptin level, and higher HOMA-IR were not significant after adjusting for age or pubertal stage. These differences in abdominal fat and subcutaneous abdominal fat were also not independent of total body fat or BMI. No ethnic group differences in visceral abdominal fat were noted. Insulin level and HOMA IR were associated with leptin level (independent of fat mass) and fat mass. Leptin level was associated with fat mass, total CT fat, and subcutaneous CT fat; however the associations between the CT fat measures and leptin were not independent of total body fat mass. CONCLUSIONS: Neither visceral abdominal fat, subcutaneous abdominal fat, insulin levels, or insulin resistance differed by ethnic group when adjusted for age or pubertal status. This contrasts with findings in adults and non-obese children which suggest lower levels of visceral fat and higher insulin levels and insulin resistance in African American children and adolescents. FAU - Tershakovec, A M
Retinol-binding protein 4 correlates with triglycerides but not insulin resistance in prepubertal children with and without premature adrenarche.$$$ BACKGROUND: Retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP4) has been proposed as an early marker for insulin resistance (IR), but no prior studies have addressed RBP4 in an exclusively prepubertal population. Children with premature adrenarche (PA) are at increased risk for IR and metabolic syndrome (MeS); thus finding an appropriate early marker for IR in this population would allow for early intervention and prevention of morbidity related to IR and MeS. OBJECTIVE: To determine whether prepubertal children with PA have higher levels of RBP4 than controls and whether RBP4 correlates with comorbidities of metabolic disease in prepubertal children. SUBJECTS: This study comprised 49 prepubertal children (24 with PA and 25 control subjects), 20 boys and 29 girls, who were between the ages of 5 and 9 years. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional, case-control study conducted in a subspecialty ambulatory clinic based in a quaternary care center. RBP4 levels, hormonal values, lipids, and response to an oral glucose tolerance test were evaluated in children with PA and controls, and body composition measures were obtained in a subset of patients (n = 18). RESULTS: RBP4 correlated with triglycerides (r = 0.57, p < 0.0001) but did not correlate with IR in a body mass index z-score-adjusted Pearson correlation analysis. There was no difference in RBP4 levels between the PA and control groups. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that RBP4 may be an early marker of dyslipidemia, which may herald future onset of hepatic IR, polycystic ovary syndrome, and MeS. FAU - Sopher, Aviva B
Effects of age at menarche, reproductive years, and menopause on metabolic risk factors for cardiovascular diseases.$$$ BACKGROUND: Early menarche is associated with increased adult body fatness, however, this association has been studied primarily in young women. The impact of changes in some metabolic risk factors of cardiovascular disease (CVD) after menopause remains controversial and ageing is an important confounder. OBJECTIVES: To investigate the effect of age at menarche, reproductive years, and years post-menopause on body composition and metabolic risk factors for CVD independent of the normal ageing process in a large sample size of Chinese women. DESIGN: Nine thousand ninety seven women aged 25-64 were recruited from Anhui, China in 2004-2005. Anthropometric measurement, body composition, blood pressure, plasma lipids, fasting glucose and insulin, as well as a questionnaire-based interview on menstruation and lifestyle information were obtained from each participant. RESULTS: After adjusting for age and other covariates, age at menarche was inversely associated with body fatness, HOMA-IR, triacylglycerol and the total number of metabolic syndrome components, and was positively associated with HDL-C (p<0.05). The number of reproductive years was associated with increased body fatness, decreased total cholesterol and HDL-C (p<0.05). Post-menopausal women had significantly lower BMI but higher abdominal fat percentage, increased plasma levels of triacylglycerol, total cholesterol, HDL-C, and LDL-C, and lower systolic blood pressure than pre-menopausal women (p<0.05). CONCLUSION: Age at menarche, reproductive years, and menopause status were significantly associated with body composition, insulin sensitivity and blood lipid levels. FAU - Feng, Yan
Serum markers of GH and insulin action in 12-year-old children born small for gestational age.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Our aim was to determine whether markers of growth hormone and insulin action differ between children born small for gestational age (SGA) and those born of an appropriate size for gestational age (AGA). DESIGN: Fifty-five SGA children and their 55 age- and sex-matched AGA control subjects were studied in a case-control setting at 12 years of age. METHODS: We examined serum concentrations of insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I, IGF-II, IGF-binding protein (IGFBP)-1 and IGFBP-3, sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG), leptin, fasting insulin, and blood glucose. Insulin sensitivity was evaluated by the homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). RESULTS: The body mass index (BMI), sex, and puberty-adjusted mean serum IGF-I concentration was higher in the SGA than in the AGA children (303.4 vs 282.3 microg/l, P = 0.006). The mean serum concentrations of IGF-II, IGFBP-I, IGFBP-3, SHBG, fasting insulin, blood glucose and HOMA-IR did not differ between the SGA and the AGA group. The BMI, sex, and puberty-adjusted mean serum leptin concentration was lower in the SGA than in the AGA children (7.9 vs 10.1 microg/l, P = 0.037). In multiple logistic regression analysis, high HOMA-IR predicted high serum IGF-I levels in the SGA children (odds ratio 8.3; 95% confidence interval 1.7-41; P = 0.010), whereas in the AGA group HOMA-IR did not associate with the serum IGF-I level. CONCLUSIONS: The BMI, sex, and puberty-adjusted mean serum IGF-I concentration was significantly higher and the leptin concentration was lower in the SGA than in the AGA children. No differences were found in the indices of insulin action or sensitivity between the SGA and AGA children at 12 years of age. However, HOMA-IR strongly associated with serum IGF-I levels in the SGA children. FAU - Tenhola, Sirpa
Growth and hormone profiling in children with congenital melanocytic naevi.$$$ BACKGROUND: Multiple congenital melanocytic naevi (CMN) is a rare mosaic RASopathy, caused by postzygotic activating mutations in NRAS. Growth and hormonal disturbances are described in germline RASopathies, but growth and hormone status have not previously been investigated in individuals with CMN. OBJECTIVES: To explore premature thelarche, undescended testes, and a clinically abnormal fat distribution with CMN through prospective endocrinological assessment of a cohort of subjects with CMN, and a retrospective review of longitudinal growth of a larger group of patients with CMN from outpatient clinics (which included all subjects in the endocrinological assessment group). PATIENTS AND METHODS: Longitudinal growth in a cohort of 202 patients with single or multiple CMN was compared with the U.K. National Child Measurement Programme 2010. Forty-seven children had hormonal profiling including measurement of circulating luteinizing hormone, follicle-stimulating hormone, thyroid stimulating hormone, adrenocorticotrophic hormone, growth hormone, prolactin, pro-opiomelanocortin, estradiol, testosterone, cortisol, thyroxine, insulin-like growth factor-1 and leptin; 10 had oral glucose tolerance testing 25 had dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry scans for body composition. RESULTS: Body mass index increased markedly with age (coefficient 0·119, SE 0·016 standard deviation scores per year), at twice the rate of the U.K. population, due to increased adiposity. Three per cent of girls had premature thelarche variant and 6% of boys had persistent undescended testes. Both fat and muscle mass were reduced in areas underlying large naevi, resulting in limb asymmetry and abnormal truncal fat distribution. Anterior pituitary hormone profiling revealed subtle and variable abnormalities. Oral glucose tolerance tests revealed moderate-severe insulin insensitivity in five of 10, and impaired glucose tolerance in one. CONCLUSIONS: Interpersonal variation may reflect the mosaic nature of this disease and patients should be considered individually. Postnatal weight gain is potentially related to the underlying genetic defect; however, environmental reasons cannot be excluded. Naevus-related reduction of fat and muscle mass suggests local hormonal or metabolic effects on development or growth of adjacent tissues, or mosaic involvement of these tissues at the genetic level. Premature thelarche and undescended testes should be looked for, and investigated, as for any child.
Effect of weight reduction on leptin, total ghrelin and obestatin concentrations in prepubertal children.$$$ The aim of the study was to evaluate fasting levels of glucose, insulin, leptin, total ghrelin, and obestatin in a group of prepubescent obese children before and after weight loss. We enrolled 64 prepubescent obese children, but only 35 completed the study (mean age 7.6 +- 0.9 years, 19 females) and 20 normal-weight prepubescent children as controls. Fasting plasma concentration of glucose, insulin, Homeostasis Model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and leptin, total ghrelin, and obestatin levels were measured at baseline and after a 6-month lifestyle intervention (i.e. improved nutrition and increased physical activity). At baseline, obese children showed significantly (p less than 0.001) higher leptin and obestatin levels, and lower total ghrelin concentrations than control subjects. Weight loss significantly (p less than 0.001) diminished plasma leptin and insulin levels and increased ghrelin and obestatin concentrations. Weight loss in prepubescent children is associated with a significant change in leptin, ghrelin and obestatin concentrations. These results confirm the hypothesis that levels of these hormones are closely associated with obesity in childhood and might take part, as consequence but not as a cause, in glucose, fat, and energy metabolism. FAU - Arrigo, T
Preteen insulin levels interact with caloric intake to predict increases in obesity at ages 18 to 19 years: a 10-year prospective study of black and white girls.$$$ We evaluated the associations of teenage insulin and adolescent diet with 10-year weight gain in an analysis sample of black and white girls matched for pubertal stage, body mass index (BMI) (or fat mass), and insulin at ages 9 to 10 years. We hypothesized that preteen insulin and insulin resistance would interact with dietary factors to positively predict increases in BMI. Furthermore, we hypothesized that increased insulin and insulin resistance, interacting with higher caloric intake during adolescence, would lead to greater increments in BMI in black girls than in white girls. Prospective 10-year follow-up was performed on 215 pairs of black and white schoolgirls matched at baseline by BMI (or fat mass), insulin, and pubertal stage, with repeated measures of body habitus, insulin, and dietary intake. When matched for BMI, black girls had higher fat-free mass and white girls had higher fat mass at ages 9 to 10 years. Black-white differences in caloric intake were not significant at ages 9 to 10 years, but black girls consumed more calories at age 19 years. Black girls consumed a greater percentage of calories from fat throughout. At age 19 years, black girls had higher BMI, fat mass index, and insulin. When matched at ages 9 to 10 years for fat mass, black girls were heavier, had higher BMI, and had greater fat-free mass. By ages 18 to 19 years, black girls continued to have higher BMI, but had accrued higher fat mass and a higher percentage of body fat. By stepwise multiple regression, 10-year increases in BMI were predicted by ages 9 to 10 years BMI, 10-year change in insulin, and a 3-way interaction between ages 9 to 10 years insulin, adolescent caloric intake, and race (higher in black girls) (all Ps < .0001). Insulin at ages 9 to 10 years interacts with caloric intake to increase BMI by age 19 years. There appear to be intrinsic black-white metabolic differences that lead to greater gains in fat during adolescence in black girls. Evaluating BMI and insulin at ages 9 to 10 years could identify girls (particularly black) who would optimally benefit from dietary and exercise interventions to avoid obesity. FAU - Morrison, John A
Women's reproductive health factors and body adiposity: findings from the UK Biobank.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To conduct a comprehensive examination of the association between women's reproductive health factors and measures of body adiposity in a contemporary Western population. METHODS: A cross-sectional analysis of 502 664 individuals from the UK Biobank was conducted. Multivariable linear regression models were used to examine the association of age at menarche, age at first birth, parity and age at menopause with measures of general and central body adiposity, adjusted for age, smoking and socioeconomic status. The association between number of children and body adiposity in men was also assessed. RESULTS: Age at menarche was inversely associated with body mass index (BMI); adjusted mean BMI was 29.0 kg m(-2) in women with menarche before the age of 12 years, compared with 26.5 kg m(-2) in those who had menarche after 14 years of age. Age at first birth was linearly and inversely associated with BMI: 0.16 kg m(-2) lower BMI per year increase in age of first birth. Each additional live birth or child fathered was associated with a 0.22 kg m(-2) higher BMI in women and a 0.14 kg m(-2) higher BMI in men. There was no evidence for an association between age at menopause and BMI. Corresponding associations for other markers of general or abdominal adiposity were similar to those for BMI. Findings were broadly similar in analyses stratified by age, smoking status, socioeconomic status, ethnic background, and history of diabetes or cardiovascular disease. CONCLUSIONS: In women from a contemporary Western population, earlier age at menarche and age at first birth, and higher number of total live births were associated with higher levels of body adiposity. Prospective evaluations of the association between reproductive health factors, adiposity and the onset of cardiometabolic diseases are needed to assess causality, and to explore the mechanisms involved. FAU - Peters, S A E
Age of menarche and the metabolic syndrome in China.$$$ OBJECTIVES: In western populations, young age of menarche is associated with increased cardiovascular risk. Little is known about the potential impact of menarche on the metabolic syndrome (as a proxy for cardiovascular risk) in rapidly economically developing populations where age of menarche is falling. We sought to determine the relation between age of menarche and the metabolic syndrome in a rapidly developing Chinese population. METHODS: We carried out a retrospective historical cohort study of 7349 women from the Guangzhou Biobank Cohort Study, China, enrolled in 2003-2004. Cardiovascular risk factors were obtained from physical examination; age of menarche was obtained from self-report. The main outcome measure was the metabolic syndrome and its components. RESULTS: Adjusted for age, education, and number of pregnancies, young age of menarche (<12.5 years) compared with age of menarche > or =14.5 years was associated with a higher risk of the metabolic syndrome (odds ratio = 1.49; 95% confidence interval = 1.22-1.82), central obesity (1.35; 1.10-1.65), raised blood pressure (1.34; 1.09-1.65), raised fasting glucose (1.40; 1.15-1.71), and higher triglyceride levels (1.36; 1.12-1.67). Further adjustment by waist circumference attenuated these effects, but the odds ratios remained elevated. CONCLUSIONS: Earlier age of menarche experienced by younger women in China today, now 12.5 years on average in urban populations, may contribute to an increase in the metabolic syndrome and thereby an increase in cardiovascular disease as these women age. These results further highlight the importance of childhood antecedents of adulthood disease. FAU - Heys, Michelle
Central precocious puberty in a girl with triple X syndrome and neonatal diabetes mellitus associated with paternal isodisomy of chromosome 6.$$$ We describe a girl with triple X syndrome and paternal isodisomy of chromosome 6 (UPD6), who developed neonatal diabetes mellitus (NDM) and precocious puberty. At birth she presented growth retardation and congenital anomalies (ventricular septal defect, macroglossia, umbilical hernia). Diabetes mellitus (DM) was diagnosed at 31 days of life and treated with insulin for 13 months. DM recurred at 4 years of age and since that time it required insulin, in spite of preserved beta-cell function. Tall stature was present from early childhood. At 7 years of age the girl presented central precocious puberty, height velocity further increased, but her near-final height was normal. This patient is unique in that precocious puberty has never been described in triple X females. Moreover it is a further example of paternal UPD6 causing NDM with a predisposition to type 2 DM in later life. FAU - Valerio, G
Fasting glucagon-like peptide-1 and its relation to insulin in obese children before and after weight loss.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To study the relationships between glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1), weight status, insulin, and insulin resistance in the fasting state. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Fasting GLP-1, glucose and insulin concentrations, insulin resistance index as homeostasis model assessment (HOMA), body mass index (BMI), and percentage body fat based on skinfold thickness measurements were determined in 42 obese (median age 11 years) and in 16 lean children of the same age. The HOMA model was used to calculate degree of insulin resistance. Furthermore, the changes in GLP-1, glucose, insulin, and HOMA in the course of 1 year were analyzed in the 42 obese children participating in an obesity intervention. RESULTS: GLP-1 concentrations did not differ significantly between obese and lean children. In multiple linear regression analyses, GLP-1 was significantly related to insulin (P = 0.028) and HOMA (P = 0.019) but not to glucose, age, sex, pubertal stage, BMI, or percentage body fat. The 15 obese children with substantial weight reduction demonstrated significantly (P < 0.05) decreased GLP-1, insulin, and HOMA levels, whereas these parameters did not change in 27 obese children without substantial weight loss. Changes in GLP-1 correlated significantly with changes in insulin (r = 0.46, P = 0.001) and HOMA (r = 0.28, P = 0.036) but not with changes in glucose, BMI, or percentage of body fat. CONCLUSIONS: In children, fasting GLP-1 concentrations are independent of age, sex, and pubertal stage. Although GLP-1 did not differ between lean and obese children, weight loss was associated with decreasing GLP-1. Inasmuch as GLP-1 levels were related to insulin concentrations in both cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses, we hypothesize a relationship between GLP-1 and insulin in the fasting state. FAU - Reinehr, Thomas
Acanthosis nigricans and insulin sensitivity in patients with achondroplasia and hypochodroplasia due to FGFR3 mutations.$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Acanthosis nigricans (AN) has been reported in association with severe skeletal dysplasias due to activating mutations in FGFR3, including thanatophoric dysplasia, severe achondroplasia (ACH) with developmental delay and AN (SADDAN syndrome), and Crouzon syndrome with AN. There are isolated reports of patients with ACH and AN. In this series, we report clinical and biochemical data on five male patients, four with ACH and one with hypochondroplasia (HCH), who developed AN without SADDAN. METHODS AND RESULTS: We compared the results of a 1.75 g/kg oral glucose tolerance test performed in patients with ACH/HCH and AN with age-, sex-, and puberty-matched short children. Three of the patients were treated with recombinant human GH (dose range, 45-50 microg/kg/d), one patient had discontinued treatment 6 months before presentation, and one had never been treated. All patients had a fasting plasma glucose of less than 6 mmol/liter, and no patient had a plasma glucose greater than 7.8 mmol/liter at 2 h after ingestion of a glucose load. Although body mass index was higher in patients with skeletal dysplasia (28.9 +/- 7.3 vs. 20 +/- 0.6 kg/m(2); P = 0.01), mean fasting plasma insulin concentration was greater in controls (14.4 +/- 4.8 vs. 6.0 +/- 4.5 mU/liter; P = 0.03), as was homeostasis assessment index for insulin resistance (2.5 +/- 0.9 vs. 1.17 +/- 0.8; P = 0.05). CONCLUSION: Our findings suggest that the development of AN in patients with ACH/HCH is not due to insulin insensitivity either on its own or secondary to treatment with recombinant human GH. Whether the AN is due to altered melanocyte function in these individuals remains to be established. FAU - Alatzoglou, Kyriaki S
Valproate-induced insulin resistance in prepubertal girls with epilepsy.$$$ Valproate is commonly used for treatment of a variety of seizure types in both children and adults. However, if the medication is started before the age of 20 years, it may affect reproductive endocrine functions. In order to investigate the possible role of valproate treatment in the development of obesity, hyper-insulinism and polycystic ovaries, we studied metabolic parameters and ovarian morphology/size in prepubertal girls with epilepsy. Our study included 14 girls with epilepsy and 15 healthy age-matched controls. The age of the patients ranged from 7 years to 13 years. Mean body weight, fasting serum insulin and glucose levels and HOMA index of girls in the study group were significantly greater than those of the control girls (p < 0.05). Serum androstenedione, prolactin and free testosterone were significantly lower in the VPA-treated girls than in the controls, whereas SHBG level was higher (p < 0.05). There was no difference between the groups for ovarian morphology. In conclusion, our findings showed that valproate treatment may lead to hyperinsulinemia and hypoandrogenism during the prepubertal period. This emphasizes that a mature adult endocrine system may not be necessary for the development of VPA-related hyperinsulinemia. FAU - Tan, Hüseyin
Obesity in Spanish schoolchildren: relationship with lipid profile and insulin resistance.$$$ This article reports cross-sectional data from a total of 1048 children, 6 to 8 years of age, categorized by presence or absence of obesity, who participated in a voluntary survey of cardiovascular risk factors in Spain over the period of 1998 to 2000, to establish the relationship between obesity and its metabolic consequences at this age. The prevalence of obesity and overweight were 9.4% and 15.7%, respectively, in boys and 10.5% and 18.0%, respectively, in girls. We observed that, in both sexes, obese children had higher triglycerides and lower high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels than non-obese children. No differences were found in plasma glucose or low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels between normal and obese children. However, we observed that insulin levels and the homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance were significantly (p<0.001) higher in obese children of both sexes but that free fatty acid levels were lower in obese children than in nonobese children, with a statistical significance in girls (0.72+/-0.30 vs. 0.61+/-0.16 mEq/liter). In summary, our survey found some metabolic consequences of obesity similar to those found in adults (elevated triglycerides, insulin, and the homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance, and lower high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol). However, other features (glucose, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, and free fatty acid levels) were found to behave differently, indicating that the association of obesity with risk factors seems to change as the children age and may depend on the chronology of sexual maturation. FAU - Garcés, Carmen
Sexual dimorphism of body composition and insulin sensitivity across pubertal development in obese Caucasian subjects.$$$ Background Puberty is a period of rapid growth associated with metabolic, hormonal, and body composition changes that can influence risk factors for chronic diseases such as type 2 diabetes. Objective To evaluate body composition and insulin sensitivity (IS) modifications throughout puberty in a large group of obese Caucasian subjects. Methods Five hundred and nineteen obese subjects (4-19 years), grouped according to gender and Tanner stage (T), underwent oral glucose tolerance test. Quantitative insulin check index (QUICKI) and ISI were calculated as indexes of IS. In 309 subjects, body composition by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, IGF1, adiponectin, and leptin were also evaluated. Results Body composition modifications were sexually dimorphic, with girls not modifying fat and lean percentage and fat distribution (P>0.15), and boys decreasing fat percentage and increasing lean percentage and central fat depot (P<0.001) across Ts. IS decreased during mid-puberty and returned to prepubertal levels by the end of puberty. Girls showed lower IS than boys (P<0.01 and =0.03 for QUICKI and ISI respectively). In multivariate analysis factors that negatively influenced IS, independently from T or age, were total fat mass and central fat depot in girls (P<0.05 and <0.01, respectively), total fat and lean mass in boys (P<0.01). IGF1, adiponectin, and leptin were not related to pubertal IS. Conclusions In obese Caucasian subjects, further decrease of IS observed during puberty is a transient phenomenon. Factors that independently from T or age influence IS are central fat depot in girls, lean amount in boys, and total fat mass in both sexes. FAU - Brufani, Claudia
Cumulative effect of reproductive factors on ideal cardiovascular health in postmenopausal women: a cross-sectional study in central south China.$$$ BACKGROUND: The American Heart Association developed the Life's Simple 7 metric for defining cardiovascular health. Little is known, however, whether co-occurring reproductive factors, which affects endogenous oestrogen levels during a woman's life, also influences ideal cardiovascular health in postmenopausal women. METHODS: Using data on a cross-sectional study with a convenience sample of 1,625 postmenopausal women (median age, 60.0 years) in a medical health checkup program at a general hospital in central south China 2013-2014, we examined the association between cumulative reproductive risk and ideal cardiovascular health in postmenopausal women. A cumulative risk score (range 0 to 4) was created by summing four reproductive risk factors (age at menarche, age at menopause, number of children, and pregnancy losses) present in each individual from binary variables in which 0 stands for favorable and 1 for less-than-favorable level. Ideal levels for each component in Life's Simple 7 (blood pressure, cholesterol, glucose, BMI, smoking, physical activity, and diet) were used to create an ideal Life's Simple 7 score [0-1 (low), 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6-7 (high)]. RESULTS: Participants with earlier age at menarche (odds ratio [OR] =0.42 [95 % CI 0.26-0.48]), earlier age at menopause [0.46 (0.32-0.58)], who have more than three children (0.42 [0.38-0.56]) and have history of pregnancy losses [0.76 (0.66-0.92)] were more likely to attain low (0-1) ideal Life's Simple 7 after adjustment for age. Participants were more likely to attain low (0-1) ideal Life's Simple 7 as exposure to the number of reproductive risk factors increased [OR (95 % CI) of 0.52 (0.42-0.66), 0.22 (0.16-0.26), and 0.16 (0.12-0.22) for cumulative reproductive risk scores of 1, 2, and 3 or 4, respectively, each versus 0]. CONCLUSIONS: The postmenopausal Chinese women with an increasing number of reproductive risk factors were progressively less likely to attain ideal levels of cardiovascular health factors. FAU - Cao, Xia
Age at menarche and cardiovascular risk factors using Mendelian randomization in the Guangzhou Biobank Cohort Study.$$$ Observational studies show earlier age at menarche associated with higher risk of cardiovascular disease although these studies could be confounded by childhood obesity or childhood socioeconomic position. We tested the hypothesis that earlier age at menarche is associated with poorer cardiovascular risk factors using a Mendelian randomization design. We conducted a Mendelian randomization study in a large Southern Chinese cohort, the Guangzhou Biobank Cohort Study (n=12,279), to clarify the causal role of menarche in cardiovascular disease risk factors including blood pressure, lipids, fasting glucose, adiposity and type 2 diabetes. A genetic allele score was obtained from single nucleotide polymorphisms associated with age at menarche using stepwise regression and with cross validation. Estimates of the association of age at menarche with cardiovascular disease risk factors were obtained using two stage least squares regression. Height was included as a positive control outcome. The F-statistic for the allele score (rs17268785, rs1859345, rs2090409, rs4452860 and rs4946651) was 19.9. Older age at menarche was associated with lower glucose (-0.39mmol/L per year older menarche, 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.78 to -0.001) but not clearly with any other cardiovascular risk factors. Older age at menarche was also associated with taller height. Age at menarche did not appear to affect cardiovascular disease risk factors except for glucose in an inverse manner. However, these results need to be confirmed in larger Mendelian randomization studies.
Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 in girls with precocious pubarche: a premenarcheal marker for polycystic ovary syndrome?$$$ In both obese and nonobese women, polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is essentially a disorder of hyperinsulinemic insulin resistance, and it may be heralded by precocious pubarche (PP; appearance of pubic hair in girls aged <8 y). The risk of progression from PP to PCOS is related to low birth weight, but there are no early biochemical markers of this risk. As increased plasminogen activator-inhibitor type 1 (PAI-1) activity (act) is an early marker of cardiovascular risk in PCOS, we have sought abnormalities in young girls with PP. In 33 young PP girls (age range 6-11 y), PAI-1-act was increased (mean + SEM: 15.6 +/- 1.5 IU/mL) compared with age-, sex-, and pubertal stage-matched controls (n = 13, 10.7 +/- 1.9, p < 0.05). PAI-1-act levels were inversely related to birth weight SD score (r = -0.33, p < 0.05), and PAI-1-act levels were therefore higher in PP girls with low birth weights (n = 14, 19.5 +/- 2.5 IU/mL) than normal birth weights (n = 19, 12.8 +/- 1.5, p < 0.01). During longitudinal observation in 10 PP girls (mean time interval 2.7 y), PAI-1-act levels in early puberty were positively related to postmenarcheal insulin levels (mean serum insulin SDS postoral glucose, r = 0.65, p < 0.05), and showed a similar relationship to postmenarcheal testosterone levels (r = 0.61, p = 0.06). Together with low birth weight, increased plasma PAI-1-act levels in early pubertal PP girls may indicate those girls with greater risk of developing hyperinsulinemic-hyperandrogenism features of PCOS. FAU - Ibáñez, Lourdes
Preconception risk of gestational diabetes: Development of a prediction model in nulliparous Australian women.$$$ AIM: To develop a prediction model for preconception identification of women at risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: Data from a prospective cohort, the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health, were used. Nulliparous women aged 18-23 who reported a pregnancy up to age 37-42 were included. Preconception predictors of GDM during a first pregnancy were selected using logistic regression. Regression coefficients were multiplied by a shrinkage factor estimated with bootstrapping to improve prediction in external populations. RESULTS: Among 6504 women, 314 (4.8%) developed GDM during their first pregnancy. The final prediction model included age at menarche, proposed age at future first pregnancy, ethnicity, body mass index, diet, physical activity, polycystic ovary syndrome, and family histories of type 1 or 2 diabetes and GDM. The model showed good discriminative ability with a C-statistic of 0.79 (95% CI 0.76, 0.83) after internal validation. More than half of the women (58%) were classified to be at risk of GDM (>2% predicted risk), with corresponding sensitivity and specificity values of 91% and 43%. CONCLUSIONS: Nulliparous women at risk of GDM in a future first pregnancy can be accurately identified based on preconception lifestyle and health-related characteristics. Further studies are needed to test our model in other populations.
Impact of unhealthy lifestyle behaviors and obesity on cholesteryl ester transfer protein among adolescent males.$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Cholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP) has been proposed to be associated with high risk of cardiovascular disease. Increased CETP activity was previously reported in obese adults, although its association with lifestyle behaviors has not been assessed in healthy adolescents. We undertook this study to determine the association between CETP activity and overweight/obesity, insulin resistance markers, components of the metabolic syndrome and lifestyle behaviors in healthy adolescent males. METHODS: Data were collected from 164 adolescents from an amateur rugby club. Body mass index (BMI), blood pressure (BP), Tanner stages, lipids, glucose, insulin and CETP activity were measured. Questionnaires for daily intake of breakfast, sweet drinks, milk, and hours of TV watching were completed. RESULTS: About 26% of the adolescents were obese and 23% overweight. The prevalence of metabolic syndrome was 6.7%. CETP activity was higher in obese than in normal and overweight adolescents (174 ± 35, 141 ± 30, and 149 ± 38%/ml/min, respectively; p <0.001). Univariate correlations showed an inverse association between CETP and HDL-C (r = -0.43; p = 0.018) and positive ones with BMI (r = 0.38; p = 0.007), systolic BP (r = 0.20; p <0.01) triglycerides (r = 0.40; p = 0.001), LDL-C (r = 0.46; p <0.001), TV watching >2 h/day (r = 0.17; p 0.02), and milk intake >3 glasses/day (r = 0.16; p = 0.03). Multivariate analysis showed that triglycerides, LDL-C, HDL-C, TV watching >2 h/day, milk intake >3 glasses/day and BMI were significant independent predictors for CETP (R(2) = 0.41). CONCLUSIONS: Unhealthy lifestyle habits such as TV watching >2 h daily and milk intake higher than three glasses per day and the increase in BMI were shown to be closely associated with high CETP activity in apparently healthy adolescent males. Future longitudinal studies should be performed to confirm these findings.
Relationship between bone mineral content and bone turnover markers, sex hormones and calciotropic hormones in pre- and early pubertal children.$$$ We investigated associations between bone mineral content (BMC) and bone-related biomarkers (BM) in pre-and early pubertal children of both sexes. In this population, we found that bone turnover markers explain a small part of BMC variance. INTRODUCTION: It is still debated whether BM including bone turnover markers (BTM), sex hormones and calciotropic (including cortisol) hormones provide information on BMC changes during growth. METHODS: Three hundred fifty-seven girls and boys aged 6 to 13 years were included in this study. BM was measured at baseline and BMC twice at 9 months and 4 years using DXA. Relationship between BMs was assessed using principal component analysis (PCA). BM was tested in its ability to explain BMC variation by using structural equation modelling (SEM) on cross-sectional data. Longitudinal data were used to further assess the association between BM and BMC variables. RESULTS: BMC and all BMs, except calciotropic hormones, increased with age. PCA in BM revealed a three-factor solution (BTM, sex hormones and calciotropic hormones). In the SEM, age accounted for 61% and BTM for 1.2% of variance in BMC (cross-sectional). Neither sex nor calciotropic hormones were BMC explanatory variables. In the longitudinal models (with single BM as explanatory variables), BMC, age and sex at baseline accounted for 79-81% and 70-75% in BMC variance at 9 months and 4 years later, respectively. P1NP was consistently associated with BMC. CONCLUSION: BMC strongly tracks in pre- and early pubertal children. In this study, only a small part of BMC variance was explained by single BTM at the beginning of pubertal growth. FAU - Zürcher, S J
[Breast cancer epidemiology].$$$ 204 pts with breast cancer were compared to 208 pts of similar age, with pathologies other than cancer, to assess the frequency of biological and social factors related to breast cancer, in Chilean females. The pts with breast cancer were in the 40 to 65 year old group, had a higher frequency of AB blood group, lower pregnancy and delivery rates and later pregnancies. Age of menarche and menopause, prolonged breast feeding, oral contraceptives and nutritional state were not related to a higher frequency of breast cancer. Further studies that include the analysis of previous breast pathology, diabetes, psychosomatic factors, alcohol and caffeine consumption, tobacco and others are suggested. FAU - Ravera, R
Changes in body mass index in children on gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist therapy with precocious puberty, early puberty or short stature.$$$ Background The use of gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonists (GnRHa) for pubertal suppression has been associated with increased body mass index (BMI) in female subjects with central precocious puberty (CPP), although results have been so far conflicting. This study examined the effects of GnRHa therapy in both genders and in subjects treated for CPP, early puberty or short stature. Methods This was a longitudinal retrospective study of subjects followed at outpatient pediatric endocrinology clinics of an academic medical center from 2005 to 2014 receiving GnRHa therapy. Results At 12 months, subjects on depot GnRHa had a statistically significant increase in BMI standard deviation score (SDS) from baseline (0.13 ± 0.35, p < 0.02). Subjects with short stature (0.17 ± 0.34, p < 0.02) but not early or precocious puberty, and subjects with normal baseline BMI (0.18 ± 0.38, p < 0.02) had significant increases in BMI SDS; no significance was noted at 24 months. Male subjects did not have a significant increase in BMI SDS, whereas female subjects did (0.11 ± 0.36, p < 0.01). Conclusions Subjects with short stature, normal BMI at baseline and female sex had significant increases in BMI SDS at 12 months. This is the first study to show an increase in BMI SDS in children treated with GnRHa for short stature, and is one of the few studies to assess BMI changes in males. FAU - Censani, Marisa
Paternal grandfather's access to food predicts all-cause and cancer mortality in grandsons.$$$ Studies of animals and plants suggest that nutritional conditions in one generation may affect phenotypic characteristics in subsequent generations. A small number of human studies claim to show that pre-pubertal nutritional experience trigger a sex-specific transgenerational response along the male line. A single historical dataset, the Överkalix cohorts in northern Sweden, is often quoted as evidence. To test this hypothesis on an almost 40 times larger dataset we collect harvest data during the pre-pubertal period of grandparents (G0, n = 9,039) to examine its potential association with mortality in children (G1, n = 7,280) and grandchildren (G2, n = 11,561) in the Uppsala Multigeneration Study. We find support for the main Överkalix finding: paternal grandfather's food access in pre-puberty predicts his male, but not female, grandchildren's all-cause mortality. In our study, cancer mortality contributes strongly to this pattern. We are unable to reproduce previous results for diabetes and cardiovascular mortality. FAU - Vågerö, Denny
Early menarche and teenager pregnancy as risk factors for morbid obesity among reproductive-age women: A case-control study.$$$ OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to evaluate potential risk factors, including non-communicable diseases, for morbid obesity in women between 20 and 49 years of age. METHODS: We performed a case-control study with 110 morbidly obese women and 110 women with adequate weight who were matched by age and with a 1:1 case to control ratio. All women were between 20 to 49 years old and non-menopausal. Possible risk factors were evaluated through a self-report questionnaire assessing socio-demographic, obstetric and gynecological characteristics, presence of non-communicable diseases and habits. Multiple logistic regression was used to estimate the odds ratio with respective confidence intervals. RESULTS: Menarche under 12 years old, teenage pregnancy and lower educational level were shown to be risk factors for morbid obesity among women of reproductive age. Incidences of non-communicable diseases (diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, liver disease, lung disease, thyroid dysfunction, and joint pain) were increased in women with morbid obesity. CONCLUSIONS: Early menarche, teenage pregnancy and low education level are risk factors for the occurrence of morbid obesity in women of reproductive age. Some non-communicable diseases were already more prevalent in women with morbid obesity even before 50 years of age. FAU - Neves, Amanda Gonçalves
Effect of long-term growth hormone treatment on carbohydrate metabolism in children with growth hormone deficiency.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Growth hormone (GH) has well known effects on carbohydrate metabolism. We have evaluated the effects of long-term growth hormone (GH) therapy on carbohydrate metabolism in children with classical GH deficiency (GHD) or GH neurosecretory dysfunction (GHND). STUDY DESIGN: Glucose, insulin and C-peptide concentrations at baseline and during oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) were measured before and after 18 and 36 months of GH therapy (0.6-0.8 IU/Kg/week in 6 evening doses) in 13 GHD and 7 GHND children (15 boys and 5 girls, 15 prepubertal and 5 early pubertal; age at diagnosis 2.11-13.1 y). RESULTS: Mean fasting insulin and C-peptide concentrations after 18 months were similar to the pretreatment values, while after 36 months they were significantly higher than before treatment. Fasting glucose concentrations were similar to pretreatment both after 18 and 36 months. The mean areas under the curve (AUC) during OGTT for glucose, insulin, and C-peptide were significantly increased after 18 and 36 months. There were no differences between GHD and GHND patients. During the treatment period 10 of the 15 prepubertal patients entered puberty. A significant increase of insulin and C-peptide concentrations occurred after 36 months of GH treatment in the patients that remained prepubertal during treatment as well as in those who were pubertal when treatment was started. In three of our patients GH treatment caused glucose intolerance, which resolved after 6-12 months of a normal calorie low-simple carbohydrate diet without requiring discontinuation of treatment. CONCLUSION: Our data show that long-term GH treatment in GH deficient children causes hyperglycaemia and increased insulin secretion. These effects may in some patients induce glucose intolerance, which is reversible with appropriate dietary measures and does not require discontinuation of treatment. FAU - Seminara, S
Genetics of Bone Mass in Childhood and Adolescence: Effects of Sex and Maturation Interactions.$$$ We aimed to determine if adult bone mineral density (BMD) susceptibility loci were associated with pediatric bone mass and density, and if sex and pubertal stage influenced any association. We analyzed prospective areal BMD (aBMD) and bone mineral content (BMC) data from the Bone Mineral Density in Childhood Study (n = 603, European ancestry, 54% female). Linear mixed models were used to assess if 77 single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) near known adult BMD susceptibility loci interacted with sex and pubertal stage to influence the aBMD/BMC; adjusting for age, BMI, physical activity, and dietary calcium. The strongest main association was observed between an SNP near C7orf58 and distal radius aBMD. However, this association had a significant sex • SNP interaction, revealing a significant association only in females (b = -0.32, p = 1.8 × 10(-6)). Furthermore, the C12orf23 locus had significant interactions with both sex and pubertal stage, revealing associations in females during Tanner stage I for total hip aBMD (b = 0.24, p = 0.001) and femoral neck aBMD (b = 0.27, p = 3.0 × 10(-5)). In contrast, the sex • SNP interactions for loci near LRP5 and WNT16 uncovered associations that were only in males for total body less head BMC (b = 0.22, p = 4.4 × 10(-4)) and distal radius aBMD (b = 0.27, p = 0.001), respectively. Furthermore, the LRP5 locus interacted with both sex and pubertal stage, demonstrating associations that were exclusively in males during Tanner V for total hip aBMD (b = 0.29, p = 0.003). In total, significant sex • SNP interactions were found at 15 loci; pubertal stage • SNP interactions at 23 loci and 19 loci interacted with both sex and pubertal stage. In conclusion, variants originally associated with adult BMD influence bone mass in children of European ancestry, highlighting the fact that many of these loci operate early in life. However, the direction and magnitude of associations for a large number of SNPs only became evident when accounting for sex and maturation.
[Prospective observational studies of the development of type 1 diabetes during childhood and puberty].$$$ The incidence of type 1 diabetes is increasing rapidly. Detecting the mechanisms underlying the autoimmune disease is a main goal of research. Studies investigating the pathogenesis of type 1 diabetes are working on the identification and characterization of exogenous, endogenous and genetic factors which induce or modify autoimmunity. Islet cell autoimmunity can be detected through screening for islet cell autoantibodies. This quantitative analysis allows the stratification of the individual risk for the development of type 1 diabetes. Prospective observational studies are most suitable to assess persons at risk, either because of the occurrence of type 1 diabetes in the family or because of a genotype associated with increased risk. Age-related factors which are analysed in observational studies include nutrition, increase in height and weight, childhood diseases and vaccinations as well as psychosocial aspects. Identification and characterization of these risk factors will serve as a basis for working on new approaches to prevent or to cure type 1 diabetes. Aim of this article is to provide an overview of the most relevant observational studies.
Novel modeling of reference values of cardiovascular risk factors in children aged 7 to 20 years.$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Most of the cardiovascular risk factors strongly associated with obesity and overweight vary with age and gender. However, few reference values are available for healthy European children. Our objective was to establish pediatric reference ranges for waist circumference, systolic and diastolic blood pressures, fasting lipid levels (total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triglycerides), glucose, and insulin. METHODS: A representative sample of 1976 healthy French individuals (1004 female participants and 972 male participants) aged 7 to 20 years was used to obtain age- and gender-specific normal ranges for each of the above-listed cardiovascular risk factors, based on the Royston and Wright method. RESULTS: Mean waist circumference increased with age in both genders and was slightly higher in males than in females. Whereas systolic blood pressure increased gradually with age, with the increase being steeper in males than in females, no gender effect was found for diastolic blood pressure, which was therefore modeled after pooling males and females. Total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triglyceride values varied little with age and gender. Glucose and insulin levels revealed pubertal peaks, which were sharper in females than in males, reflecting the normal insulin resistance during puberty. CONCLUSIONS: These ranges can be used as references for European children to monitor cardiovascular risk factors and to plan interventions and education programs. FAU - Mellerio, Hélène
[Dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate and insulin of prepubertal girls born small for gestational age].$$$ OBJECTIVES: To investigate whether the association between low birth weight and increased risk of developing premature adrenarche, adrenal hyperandrogenism, hyperinsulinism and insulin resistance is apparent in prepubertal girls born small for gestational age (SGA) and analyze when adrenarche occurs in SGA infants and normal birth weight girls. METHODS: The study was performed in 39 prepubertal SGA girls with a mean age of 7.4 +/- 1.7 years and 42 prepubertal appropriate for gestational age (AGA) girls with a mean age of 7.4 +/- 1.7 years served as controls. All children were born at term and were prepubertal. Detailed physical examination was performed for all the children after 12 h of overnight fasting. Blood samples were taken for the measurement of fasting glucose (FPG), insulin (FIns), dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS), cortisol and estradiol concentrations. Insulin sensitivity was assessed by insulin sensitivity index [IAI = log(e) (FPG x FIns)]. RESULT: There was no premature adrenarche in SGA and AGA groups. Birth weight was significantly lower in SGA group (P < 0.001). Gestational age was similar in both groups. At the time of the study, the ages, body mass index (BMI), fasting glucose, cortisol and estradiol did not significantly differ between the two groups. But body height and weight were significantly lower in the SGA group (P < 0.05 for both). The fasting plasma insulin in the SGA group was higher than that in AGA group (common logarithmic transformation: 1.076 +/- 0.041 vs. 1.050 +/- 0.051, P < 0.05). The insulin sensitivity index was not significantly different between the two groups (-4.0165 +/- 0.1761 vs. -3.9768 +/- 0.2314). The serum DHEAS was significantly higher in SGA children than in AGA children (common logarithmic transformation: 2.637 +/- 0.271 vs. 2.514 +/- 0.250, P < 0.05). From about age 7 the concentration of DHEAS had a gradual rise in AGA children. The time of DHEAS rise tended to be earlier in SGA children compared with AGA children. CONCLUSIONS: Adrenarche commences at approximately 7 years of age in AGA girls. The time of adrenarche tended to be earlier in SGA girls compared with AGA girls. There were adrenal hyperandrogenism and hyperinsulinism in prepubertal girls born small for gestational age. But there was no insulin resistance as assessed by insulin sensitivity index. FAU - Jiang, You-zhi
Onset of puberty and cardiovascular risk factors in untreated obese children and adolescents: a 1-year follow-up study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the course of obesity-associated nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and the cardiovascular risk factors of hypertension, dyslipidemia, and disturbed glucose metabolism in untreated obese children. DESIGN: Obese children were examined prospectively at baseline and 1 year later. SETTING: Obesity clinic. PARTICIPANTS: A total of 287 untreated obese children; 53.3% were girls, the mean age was 11.4 years, and the mean body mass index (calculated as weight in kilograms divided by height in meters squared) was 28.2. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) values and prevalence of hypertension, dyslipidemia, impaired fasting glucose level, and NAFLD. RESULTS: At baseline, 20.6% of obese children had hypertension, 22.3% had dyslipidemia, 4.9% had impaired fasting glucose levels, and 29.3% had NAFLD. These prevalences, as well as weight status, remained stable at the 1-year follow-up visit. Increases (SDs) in prevalence of hypertension (16.1% [51.8%]), hypertriglyceridemia (9.7% [59.3%]), and impaired fasting glucose level (8.1% [32.9%]), as well as mean HOMA-IR value (0.42 [1.22]), were observed in 62 children entering puberty. In contrast, mean decreases (SDs) in hypertension (-18.8% [53.2%]), hypertriglyceridemia (-12.5% [53.1%]), impaired fasting glucose level (-6.3% [38.1%]), and NAFLD prevalence (-18.8% [44.5%]), as well as mean HOMA-IR value (-0.83 [2.56]), were observed in 50 children entering late puberty (P < .01 for change of pubertal status in the multivariate model). Changes in HOMA-IR values were only weakly related to changes in prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors or transaminase levels (r < 0.2). CONCLUSIONS: Cardiovascular risk factors worsened at onset of puberty and improved in late puberty in obese children whose weight status did not change. The weak correlation between HOMA-IR value and cardiovascular risk factors suggests that other characteristics may affect these disorders. FAU - Reinehr, Thomas
Is circulating osteocalcin related to adipokines and overweight/obesity in children and adolescents?$$$ Osteocalcin (OC) has recently been described to be involved in the regulation of glucose and energy metabolism. We aimed to evaluate whether or not OC serum levels were related to parameters of overweight and serum adipokine levels of healthy children and adolescents in dependence on gender and pubertal stage.In a cross sectional study (Leipzig Schoolchildren Project) 497 healthy, caucasian children and adolescents of all pubertal stages were included. We measured anthropometric data height, weight, fat mass, waist-to-hip ratio, pubertal development and performed biochemical analyses of osteocalcin, leptin, adiponectin and resistin serum levels by immunoassay.OC serum levels were associated with pubertal development achieving peak values at Tanner stage 3. There was no significant association of OC serum levels with overweight and obesity as measured by BMI and WHR. In addition, OC demonstrated no significant association with serum levels of leptin and adiponectin but a negative association with resistin in both genders independent of pubertal stages (r= - 0.329, p<0.0001).We conclude that there is no major relationship between OC and metabolism, but we can not exclude minor relations between OC and metabolism. The negative relationship with serum resistin levels might rather point to a link between OC and inflammatory states.
Dietary glycemic index and glycemic load in relation to changes in body composition measures during adolescence: Northern Ireland Young Hearts Study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Epidemiologic evidence on the influence of dietary glycemic index (GI) and glycemic load (GL) on the development of obesity is limited. OBJECTIVE: This prospective study examined the associations between dietary GI and GL and changes in body composition measures during adolescence. DESIGN: In a representative sample of Northern Irish adolescents aged 12 years at baseline and 15 years at follow-up (n=426), dietary intake was assessed by a diet history interview. Body composition measures included body mass index (BMI; kg m(-2)), BMI z-score, sum of four skinfold thicknesses, percentage body fat, fat mass index (FMI; kg m(-2)) and fat-free mass index (kg m(-2)). RESULTS: After adjustment for potential confounding factors, baseline GI was associated with increased change in FMI. Mean (95% confidence interval) values of changes in FMI according to tertiles of baseline GI were 0.41 (0.25, 0.57), 0.42 (0.26, 0.58) and 0.67 (0.51, 0.83) kg m(-2), respectively (P for trend=0.03). There was no significant association of baseline GI with changes in other body composition measures (P for trend≥0.054). Conversely, baseline GL showed no association with changes in any of the measures (P for trend≥0.41). Furthermore, changes in GI or GL were not associated with changes in any of the measures (P for trend≥0.16). CONCLUSION: Dietary GI at age 12 years was independently associated with increased change in FMI between ages 12 and 15 years in a representative sample from Northern Ireland, whereas dietary GL showed no association with changes in any of the body composition measures examined. FAU - Murakami, K
Bone mineralization in young patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus and screening-identified evidence of celiac disease.$$$ The aims of this study were to evaluate bone mineral density (BMD) and bone turnover markers in patients with type 1 diabetes and screening-identified evidence of celiac disease, i.e., celiac autoimmunity. We screened 50 consecutive type 1 diabetic patients for IgA antitissue transglutaminase to identify those with celiac autoimmunity. Eight seropositive patients were identified on this screening, and 12 patients matched for gender and age range were selected as a control group from among the type 1 diabetic patients without celiac autoimmunity. Patients and controls underwent dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DEXA) for measurement of bone mineral status and had their blood levels of osteocalcin, carboxy-terminal telopeptide of type I collagen (CTX), calcium, and phosphorus determined. BMD was further adjusted for height, weight, and pubertal stage. Radiographic and blood markers of bone mineralization were compared between patients and controls. BMD (Z-score) at the lumbar spine was -1.44 +/- 0.5 SD for patients and 0.04 +/- 0.2 SD for controls (P = 0.02). Bone mineral content was 37.9 +/- 4.5 g for patients and 49.4 +/- 2.6 g for controls (P = 0.049). Adjusted BMD was -0.62 +/- 0.5 SD for patients and 0.81 +/- 0.09 SD for controls (P = 0.04). After adjustment, four patients and none of the controls presented BMD < -1 SD (P = 0.01). Osteocalcin, CTX, calcium, and phosphorus blood levels were not significantly different between patients and controls. Celiac autoimmunity is associated with reduced bone mineralization in type 1 diabetic patients. The pathophysiological mechanisms and clinical relevance of this finding remain to be further investigated. FAU - Diniz-Santos, Daniel R
Age at menarche is associated with the prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease later in life.$$$ BACKGROUND: The aim of the present study was to investigate whether age at menarche is associated with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) later in life. METHODS: The association between age at menarche and obesity, insulin resistance, and NAFLD after menopause was investigated in a cross-sectional study of 4128 postmenopausal Chinese women; NAFLD was diagnosed by hepatic ultrasound and information regarding age at menarche was collected using an interviewer-administered questionnaire. RESULTS: Women with age at menarche <15 years had higher prevalence of overweight/obesity, insulin resistance, and NAFLD compared with women with age at menarche 15-18 or >18 years. Logistic regression revealed that women with earlier menarche had a higher risk for the age-adjusted prevalence of overweight/obesity, insulin resistance, and NAFLD, whereas later menarche showed a weaker, but still significant, association with a lower prevalence of NAFLD. However, further adjustment for some variables and current body mass index (BMI) or homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) attenuated the association between later menarche and a lower prevalence of NAFLD. A decreasing trend in the risk of NAFLD was seen across increasing levels of age at menarche (age-adjusted P(trend)  < 0.001; multivariate-adjusted P(trend)  < 0.001; multivariate + current BMI-adjusted P(trend)  = 0.03; multivariate + HOMA-IR-adjusted P(trend)  = 0.06). CONCLUSION: Age at menarche is associated with the prevalence of NAFLD later in life, independent of BMI and insulin resistance.
Lipodystrophy among HIV-infected children and adolescents on highly active antiretroviral therapy in Uganda: a cross sectional study.$$$ BACKGROUND: With widespread use of antiretroviral therapy (ART) and prolonged survival of HIV-infected children, toxicities like lipodystrophy are becoming more evident. Little is known about lipodystrophy in children in Uganda yet there is increased use of ART. The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence and factors associated with fat redistribution and metabolic abnormalities among HIV-infected children on highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) in Uganda. METHODS: A cross-sectional study of 364 HIV positive children aged between 2 and 18 years on ART were enrolled after consent and assent as appropriate. Sociodemographic, clinical and immunological data were collected and recorded in a questionnaire. Fat redistribution was assessed clinically for physical findings of lipohypertrophy and lipoatrophy. A fasting blood sample was taken for lipid profile and blood glucose analysis. Lipodystrophy was defined as presence of abnormal fat redistribution or metabolic abnormalities or both. The proportion of children with fat redistribution and metabolic abnormalities was calculated. We conducted multivariate analysis for factors associated with lipodystrophy among children with lipodystrophic features and those without. RESULTS: The median age of the participants was eight years (range 2 to 18), with 43% of these aged ≥ 10 years and a male to female ratio of 1.1:1. Majority (65%) had advanced HIV (WHO Stage III/IV) at ART initiation with a mean duration on ART of 3.8 years (± 1.2). The prevalence of fat redistribution and hyperlipidemia was 27.0% and 34.0%, respectively. None of the children had hyperglycaemia. Among the children with hyperlipidemia, 16.8% exhibited hypercholesterolemia and 83% had hypertriglyceridemia. Only 29% of children with fat redistribution had hyperlipidemia. We found significant association between fat redistribution and Tanner stages 2 to 5 OR=2.3 (95%CI 1.3 to 3.8), age ≥ 5 years OR=3.9 (95%CI 1.5 to 9.9) and d4T exposure OR=3.4 (95%CI 2.0 to 5.8). A Tanner stage 2 to 5 was independently associated with hyperlipidemia. No significant association was observed with HIV clinical stage and any of the anthropometric measurements. CONCLUSION: The prevalence of lipodystrophy is high among HIV-infected children on ART with a likelihood of developing fat redistribution and metabolic abnormalities increased during puberty. FAU - Piloya, Thereza
Muscular strength and markers of insulin resistance in European adolescents: the HELENA Study.$$$ The aim of the study was to examine the association of muscular strength with markers of insulin resistance in European adolescents. The study comprised a total of 1,053 adolescents (499 males; 12.5-17.5 years) from ten European cities participating in the Healthy Lifestyle in Europe by Nutrition in Adolescence (HELENA) Cross-Sectional Study. Muscular strength was measured by the handgrip strength and standing long jump tests. Cardiorespiratory fitness was measured by the 20-m shuttle run test. Fasting insulin and glucose were measured and the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) indices were calculated. Weight, height, waist circumference and skinfold thickness were measured, and body mass index (BMI) was calculated. In males, the handgrip strength and standing long jump tests were negatively associated with fasting insulin and HOMA (all P < 0.05) after controlling for pubertal status, country and BMI or waist circumference. When skinfold thickness was included in the model, the association became non-significant. In females, the standing long jump test was negatively associated with fasting insulin and HOMA (all P < 0.001) after controlling for pubertal status, country and surrogate markers of total or central body fat (BMI, waist circumference or skinfold thickness). Findings were retained in males, but not in females after controlling for cardiorespiratory fitness. The findings of the present study suggest that preventive strategies should focus not only on decreasing fatness and increasing cardiorespiratory fitness but also on enhancing muscular strength. FAU - Jiménez-Pavón, D
Decrease of glomerular hyperfiltration in short-term diabetic adolescents without microalbuminuria.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study has been designed to follow prospectively the GFR and UAE of young patients with short-term IDDM and normal UAE. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: The study population consisted of 19 patients with glomerular hyperfiltration and 19 patients with normal GFR, matched for duration of diabetes and age. GFR has been assessed by radioisotopic tracer and UAE by RIA at the beginning of the study and after 30.5 +/- 10.4 mo of follow-up. RESULTS: GFR decreased in the two groups btt delta GFR of patients with glomerular hyperfiltration was greater than delta GFR of patients with normal GFR (0.83 +/- 0.55 vs. 0.28 +/- 0.63 ml.min-1.mo-1; P < 0.01). UAE, BP, and prevalence of microalbuminuria were comparable between the two groups at follow-up. Rate of fall of GFR was positively correlated with initial GFR (r = 0.59, P < 0.001) but not with initial UAE, BP, or changes in HbA1C, UAE, BP, or pubertal development during follow-up. CONCLUSIONS: Investigation of kidney function in children and adolescents with IDDM over a 3-yr follow-up period shows that glomerular hyperfiltration is characterized by a greater decline in GFR without an increased rate of appearance of microalbuminuria, than in patients with normal GFR. FAU - Bognetti, E
Pancreatitis in childhood.$$$ Follow-up of 25 cases of pancreatitis in childhood ascertained from the Hospital Activity Analysis in Newcastle and Wales showed that the majority of the children thrived after their illness. Only one child died. Only 2 children developed diabetes mellitus and 3 had significant malabsorption. There were 13 idiopathic cases (9 acute, 4 chronic relapsing), 3 of which were obese girls of pubertal age. It is speculated that obesity, puberty and female sex together may predispose to acute pancreatitis. FAU - Sibert, J R
New factors of cardiometabolic risk in severely obese children: influence of pubertal status.$$$ The aim of this prospective study was to evaluate the utility of new biochemical markers to assess cardiometabolic risk in severely obese children and adolescents. A total of 107 subjects aged 7 to 14 years, were clinically assessed and anthropometric measures and percentage of fat mass by single frequency bioimpedance analysis were recorded. Of these, 44 were non-overweight and 63 severely obese (body mass index Z-score>2.5) which were stratified by Tanner stages. To estimate the metabolic risk the following variables were considered for analysis: Waist circumference/height>0.5, fasting glucose>100 mg/dL, triglycerides>110 mg/dL, HDL-C<40 mg/dL, and systolic or diastolic blood pressure>95th percentile for age and gender. Fasting insulinemia, apoprotein A1 and B, high-sensitive C-reactive protein, alanine aminotransferase, homocysteine, and folic and uric acids were determined. In severely obese children, metabolic risk was present more frequently in mid puberty. The normalized anthropometric parameters with respect to 50th percentile for age and gender did not differ in the presence of metabolic risk. Insulin resistance was an independent determinant of metabolic risk, adjusted by Tanner stages. Elevated high-sensitive C-reactive protein was noted without any effect of metabolic risk or pubertal stage. Homocysteine, apoprotein B, and alanine aminotransferase values increased with metabolic risk and were not influenced by puberty. Although insulin resistance remains the main factor influencing metabolic risk, biochemical markers as homocysteine, apoprotein B, and alanine aminotransferase, may be useful for identifying severe obese pubertal subjects particularly prone to comorbidities. FAU - Codoñer-Franch, P
Decreased lumbar spine bone mass and low bone turnover in children and adolescents with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus followed longitudinally.$$$ The effects of insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) on bone metabolism are still not well defined. We evaluated total bone mineral content (TBMC) and bone mineral density (BMD) at the lumbar spine and femoral neck using dual X-ray absorptiometry in 26 IDDM children (15 M, 11 F) with a mean chronological age of 12.1+/-3.1 yr (range 7.1-14.2 yr). Duration of diabetes was 4.3+/-2.9 yr, with a mean glycosylated hemoglobin of 9.2+/-0.4%. BMD and TBMC standard deviation scores (Z-scores) were determined by comparing our results to controls matched for age, sex and pubertal status. BMD and bone formation and resorption markers were determined at the beginning of the study and after one year of follow up. Mean lumbar spine Z-score was -1.06+/-0.2, with negative values in 24 of 26 children (92.6%); 14/26 patients (53.8%) had a lumbar spine Z-score >1.0 SD below the mean. Mean lumbar spine Z-score remained unchanged after one year of follow up (-1.02+/-0.3). No significant differences were obtained in femoral neck BMD or TBMC between groups. No correlation was observed between lumbar spine BMD Z-scores and duration of IDDM or degree of diabetes control, as assessed by the mean glycosylated hemoglobin. Daily urinary calcium excretion was elevated in our patients initially and after one year of follow up; however, no correlation was obtained between lumbar spine BMD and 24 h urinary calcium excretion. Carboxy-terminal propeptide of type 1 collagen values and levels of urinary cross-linked N-telopeptides of type 1 collagen in the diabetic children were significantly lower than those of the matched controls. Osteoblastic activity as assessed by serum osteocalcin and by the carboxy-terminal propeptide of type I collagen and bone resorption as measured by cross-linked N-telopeptides of type 1 collagen did not correlate with the lumbar spine Z-scores. When IDDM patients were subdivided into males and females and into children with more than or less than 2 yr duration of diabetes since diagnosis, no differences between groups were found. These results suggest that insulin dependent diabetes in children is associated with low bone turnover resulting in a deficit in bone mass which may be manifested as osteopenia in the growing bone. This defect is already present in trabecular bone early on in the disease and seems not to be related to glycemic control. FAU - Gunczler, P
Prevalence of diabetes complications 6 years after diagnosis in an incident cohort of childhood diabetes.$$$ AIMS: To examine the prevalence of early diabetes complications 6 years after diagnosis of diabetes. The hypothesis that initial contact with a multidisciplinary team would be associated with a reduced risk of microvascular complications was tested in this cohort. METHODS: Participants were recruited from an incident cohort of children aged < 15 years diagnosed between 1990 and 1992 in NSW, Australia. Initial management at a teaching hospital was documented at case notification. At 6 years, health care questionnaires and complications were assessed: retinopathy by 7-field stereoscopic retinal photography and elevated albumin excretion rate (AER) defined as the median of three overnight urine collections > or = 7.5 microg/min. Case attainment was 58% (209/361) with participants younger than non-participants and more likely living in an urban than rural location. RESULTS: Retinopathy was present in 24%, median AER > or = 7.5 microg/min in 18%, and median AER > or = 20 microg/min in 2%. In multivariate analysis, initial management at a teaching hospital or consultation with all three allied health professionals combined with pubertal staging and cholesterol or HbA1c were all determinants of risk for retinopathy. CONCLUSIONS: Early retinopathy and elevated AER are common in children 6 years after diagnosis. Initial allied health contact and management at a teaching hospital were associated with a reduced risk of microvascular complications in this cohort. FAU - Donaghue, K C
Early and late weight gain and the timing of puberty.$$$ Nutrition is an important regulator of the tempo of growth and obesity is usually associated with tall childhood stature and earlier pubertal development. Several longitudinal studies have demonstrated that timing of puberty is most closely linked to infancy weight gain: suggesting an early window for programming of growth and development. Earlier puberty in the UK MRC 1946 birth cohort was related to smaller size at birth and rapid growth between 0 and 2 years. Rapid early weight gain leads to taller childhood stature and higher insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) levels, possibly through early induction of growth hormone (GH) receptor numbers, and such children are also at risk of childhood obesity. In the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children, rapid infancy weight gain was associated with increased risk of obesity at 5 and 8 years, with evidence of insulin resistance, exaggerated adrenarche and reduced levels of sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG). Potentially the elevated IGF-I and adrenal androgen levels, increased aromatase activity and increased 'free' sex steroid levels consequent to lower SHBG levels could all promote activity of the GnRH pulse generator. In addition obese children have higher leptin levels, a proven permissive factor in initiating LH pulsatility. Obesity could also affect the rate of progression through puberty as nutrition and SHBG may act respectively as an accelerator and brake on peripheral sex steroid action. Early weight gain and early pubertal development might also be associated with loss of the pubertal growth spurt perhaps through obesity-related suppression of GH secretion. Trans-generational recurrence of low birth weight, early catch-up weight gain, earlier menarche, and shorter adult stature have been observed in women, and could contribute to the strong heritability in age at menarche. FAU - Dunger, David B
Serum adiposity-induced biomarkers in obese and lean children with recently diagnosed autoimmune type 1 diabetes.$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: Obesity increases the risk of cardiovascular disease and diabetic complications in type 1 diabetes. Adipokines, which regulate obesity-induced inflammation, may contribute to this association. We compared serum adipokines and inflammatory cytokines in obese and lean children with new-onset autoimmune type 1 diabetes. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: We prospectively studied 32 lean and 18 obese children (age range: 2-18 yr) with new-onset autoimmune type 1 diabetes and followed them for up to 2 yr. Serum adipokines [leptin, total and high molecular weight (HMW) adiponectin, omentin, resistin, chemerin, visfatin], cytokines [interferon (IFN)-gamma, interleukin (IL)-10, IL-12, IL-6, IL-8, and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha] and C-reactive protein (CRP) were measured at a median of 7 wk after diagnosis (range: 3-16 wk). RESULTS: Lean children were 71.9% non-Hispanic White, 21.9% Hispanic, and 6.3% African-American, compared with 27.8, 55.6, and 16.7%, respectively, for obese children (p = 0.01). Compared with lean children, obese children had significantly higher serum leptin, visfatin, chemerin, TNF-alpha and CRP, and lower total adiponectin and omentin after adjustment for race/ethnicity and Tanner stage. African-American race was independently associated with higher leptin among youth ≥10 yr (p = 0.007). Leptin levels at onset positively correlated with hemoglobin A1c after 1-2 yr (p = 0.0001) independently of body mass index, race/ethnicity, and diabetes duration. Higher TNF-alpha was associated with obesity and female gender, after adjustment for race/ethnicity (p = 0.0003). CONCLUSION: Obese children with new-onset autoimmune type 1 diabetes have a proinflammatory profile of circulating adipokines and cytokines that may contribute to the development of cardiovascular disease and diabetic complications.
[Cardiovascular risk and metabolic profile in obese children and adolescents with low insulin sensitivity].$$$ BACKGROUND: Infantile obesity is associated with metabolic disturbances (hyperinsulinism, impaired glucose, dyslipidemia) that determine a higher risk of type 2 diabetes, high blood pressure and atherosclerotic vascular disease in adulthood. Insulin resistance is a central mechanism of complications of obesity and is associated to body fat mass. AIM: To investigate insulin sensitivity and its association with anthropometric and metabolic variables in obese children. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We studied 314 children aged 6 to 15 years. Of these, 235 had a body mass index (BMI) over the 95 percentile for age and sex (classified as obese) and 79 had a normal body mass index; 161 were pre-pubescent and 153 were pubescent. Weight, height, percentage of total body fat (% TBF) using the sum of 4 skinfolds, blood pressure (BP), waist circumference (WC), basal glucose (Glu) and insulin (Ins) were measured. Insulin sensitivity (IS) was calculated with the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) and QUICKI index. Serum lipids, postprandial Glu and Ins were measured only in obese children. RESULTS: BMI, WC and % TBF had an inverse and significant correlation with basal IS (p <0.001). Obese children had higher BP, basal Ins, and HOMA and a lower QUICKI index, compared to normal weight children. A low basal IS was present in 58% of obese children. Obese children with low IS had higher WC, % TBF, triglycerides, total/HDL-cholesterol ratio, basal and 2-h post glucose Gli and Ins and lower HDL-cholesterol than obese children with normal IS. In prepubescent children, the risk of a low IS was 2.43 times higher with a TBF over 33%. In pubescent children, it was 2.92 times higher with a TBF over 37%. CONCLUSIONS: Low IS in prepubescent and pubescent obese children is associated with central obesity and a higher cardiovascular. FAU - Burrows, Raquel
Adolescent cohorts assessing growth, cardiovascular and cognitive outcomes in low and middle-income countries.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Life-course studies are needed to explore how exposures during adolescence, particularly puberty, contribute to later cardiovascular risk and cognitive health in low and middle-income countries (LMIC), where 90% of the world's young people live. The extent of any existing cohorts investigating these outcomes in LMIC has not previously been described. METHODS: We performed a systematic literature review to identify population cohort studies of adolescents in LMIC that assessed anthropometry and any of cardiovascular risk (blood pressure, physical activity, plasma glucose/lipid profile and substance misuse), puberty (age at menarche, Tanner staging, or other form of pubertal staging) or cognitive outcomes. Studies that recruited participants on the basis of a pre-existing condition or involved less than 500 young people were excluded. FINDINGS: 1829 studies were identified, and 24 cohorts fulfilled inclusion criteria based in Asia (10), Africa (6) and South / Central America (8). 14 (58%) of cohorts identified were based in one of four countries; India, Brazil, Vietnam or Ethiopia. Only 2 cohorts included a comprehensive cardiovascular assessment, tanner pubertal staging, and cognitive outcomes. CONCLUSION: Improved utilisation of existing datasets and additional cohort studies of adolescents in LMIC that collect contemporaneous measures of growth, cognition, cardiovascular risk and pubertal development are needed to better understand how this period of the life course influences future non-communicable disease morbidity and cognitive outcomes. FAU - Ward, Joseph L
Associations between physical activity, body fat, and insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment) in adolescents: the European Youth Heart Study.$$$ BACKGROUND: More and better data are needed to understand the action of physical activity (PA) on insulin resistance and the concomitant relation with body fat in adolescence. OBJECTIVE: We examined the relation between total PA and intensity levels with insulin resistance under special consideration of waist circumference and skinfold thickness. DESIGN: This was a cross-sectional study of 613 adolescents (352 girls, 261 boys) with a mean (+/-SD) age of 15.5 +/- 0.5 y from Sweden and Estonia. Total, low, moderate, and vigorous PA was measured by accelerometry. Body fat estimators included waist circumference and the sum of 5 skinfold thicknesses. Fasting insulin and glucose were measured, and insulin resistance was calculated according to the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA). Linear regression analysis and analysis of covariance were used to determine the association between PA and insulin resistance while considering body fat. All estimates were adjusted for sex, country, pubertal status, and indicators of body fat when applicable. RESULTS: Total, moderate, and vigorous PA were inversely correlated with HOMA. Body fat estimators were positively correlated with HOMA. Significant contrasts in HOMA concentrations were seen when comparing the lower 2 tertiles with the upper tertile of PA indicators. Repeating the analysis with body fat estimators showed significant contrasts in HOMA concentrations when comparing the lower tertiles with the upper tertile. CONCLUSION: In view of an increase in obesity in young people, the results accentuate the role of PA in sustaining metabolic balance in adolescence and the potential benefit of an increase of time spent at higher PA levels for youth with relatively elevated amounts of body fat. FAU - Rizzo, Nico S
Association of Age at Menarche With Left Ventricular Diastolic Dysfunction in Middle-Aged Women.$$$ BACKGROUND: There is sparse research on whether if early menarche is related to left ventricular (LV) diastolic dysfunction. The present study examined this relationship in Korean women.Methods and Results:In a cross-sectional study we analyzed the records of 18,910 Korean women (≥30 years) who underwent echocardiography as part of a comprehensive health examination. Age at menarche was assessed using standardized, self-administered questionnaires. Presence of LV diastolic dysfunction was determined from the echocardiographic findings. Of the 18,910 women, 3,449 had LV diastolic dysfunction. Age at menarche was inversely associated with prevalence of LV diastolic dysfunction. In a multivariable-adjusted model, odds ratios (95% confidence interval) for LV diastolic dysfunction comparing menarche age to menarche at 15-18 years were 1.77 (1.38-2.27) for <12 years, 1.31 (1.11-1.54) for 12 years, 1.26 (1.11-1.43) for 13 years, and 1.03 (0.91-1.15) for 14 years (P for trend <0.001). Adjusting for body mass index or percent fat mass partially reduced these associations. CONCLUSIONS: This large study found an inverse relationship between menarche age and LV diastolic dysfunction. Future prospective studies are needed to investigate potential causal relationships. FAU - Ryu, Seungho
Utilizing cooled liquid chromatography and chemical derivatization to separate and quantify C3-epimers of 25-hydroxy vitamin D and low abundant 1α,25(OH)(2)D3: Application in a pediatric population.$$$ There is need for a single assay able to quantify the most biologically active metabolite, 1α,25-dihydroxy-vitamin-D3, and the recently discovered biologically distinct C3-epimers of 25OHD, in addition to traditional vitamin D metabolites. We developed a method of chromatographic separation and absolute quantification of the following ten forms of vitamin D: 3-epi-25OHD3, 25OHD3, 3-epi-25OHD2, 25OHD2, 1α,25(OH)(2)D3, 24R,25(OH)(2)D3, 23R,25(OH)(2)D3, 1a,25(OH)(2)D2, D3, and D2 by single extraction and injection. Chemical derivatization followed by liquid chromatography using a charged surface hybrid C18 column and subsequent tandem mass spectrometry was utilized to detect and quantify each metabolite. This method is remarkable as a cooled column was required to achieve chromatographic resolution of epimers. Validation of each metabolite was performed at four concentrations and revealed inter- and intra-day precision and accuracy below 15% across three consecutive days of analysis. After validation, this method was applied to analyze the blood plasma from 739 samples from 352 subjects (8mo to 20 yr), 79 pooled plasma samples, and 10 NIST SRM972a samples. Healthy control samples (n = 357) were used to investigate developmentally associated changes in vitamin D metabolite concentrations during early life. This method yields excellent linearity (R(2) ≥ 0.99) across concentrations encompassing the biological range of many metabolites including 1α,25(OH)(2)D3. Concentrations of 25OHD2 and 24R,25(OH)(2)D3 were significantly (q ≤0.05) lower in infants compared to both children and adolescents. The percentage of 3-epi-25OHD3 in total 25OHD3 was significantly lower (q ≤ 0.009) in post-puberty subjects. Here we present a single assay capable of separating and quantifying ten vitamin D metabolites including C3-epimers of 25OHD, and quantifying 1α,25-dihydroxy-vitamin-D3 at and below concentrations observed in human plasma (LLOQ < 10 pM).
[Effect of bodyweight on the onset of puberty of female children and adolescents].$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the possible effects and roles of bodyweight on the puberty onset in adolescent girls. METHODS: Totally 288 Chinese female children and adolescent girls aged 5 to 16 were followed up yearly for four consecutive years. The height, bodyweight, fat percentage, sexual characteristics, and the serum levels of leptin and insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) were studied to analyze the influential factors of puberty onset and age of menarche. RESULTS: The serum level of leptin elevated significantly from age 13 [(9.23 +/- 1.25) microg/L] and reached peak at age 16 [(13.19 +/- 1.45) microg/L]. IGF-1 significantly correlated with the timing of puberty onset (r = 0.292, P = 0.016). BMI and fat percentage had no significant effects on the onset of puberty, but were negatively correlated with the age of menarche (r = -0.323, P = 0.037, r = -0.298, P = 0.038 respectively). CONCLUSION: Bodyweight may have effect on puberty onset in female adolescents. FAU - Zhu, Hui-juan
Growth and development of overweight and obese girls.$$$ INTRODUCTION: The pattern of development of obesity during childhood and adolescence is unclear, hindering preventive strategies. AIM OF THE STUDY: The aim of this study was to investigate the differences in growth and tempo of maturation between overweight or obese and normal weight girls. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The data were obtained from 1008 schoolgirls aged 16-18 years for whom earlier data on weight and height were available. The height and body mass were measured and the BMI was calculated. Height and weight in early life were assessed by medical records review. Underweight, overweight and obesity were assessed using the international BMI cut points, defined by Cole et al. RESULTS: Girls in higher BMI categories at 7 years had significantly higher values of BMI at 9, 14 and 16-18 years of age, however only 10% of them were also overweight or obese at youth. Overweight and obese girls tend to lose body weight after the puberty period, whereas normal weight children tend to gain body weight. Overweight and obese children were significantly taller than their peers at 7, 9 and 14 years. Those differences vanished after the puberty period. The rate of height gain between ages 7 and 16-18 years was lower in girls with higher BMI values at childhood. Girls, those who were overweight or obese at young age experience menarche at a younger age than normal weight girls. CONCLUSION: The obtained data show that overweight and obesity in childhood is associated with rapid tempo of growth and maturity. FAU - Wronka, Iwona
Sexual dimorphism in the maturation of the pituitary-gonadal axis, assessed by GnRH agonist challenge.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess whether the maturational changes of the pituitary--gonadal axis in a healthy population show gender-specific changes and to establish normative data for the different Tanner stages. DESIGN: Prospective, cross-sectional study. METHODS: The GnRH agonist leuprolide acetate (500 microgram) was administered s.c. to 60 boys and 81 girls (age range, 5--17 years). Serum steroids and gonadotropins were determined at 0 and 24 h and at 0, 3 and 24 h after GnRH agonist challenge respectively, whereas IGF-I, IGF-binding protein-1 (IGFBP-1), IGFBP-3 and sex hormone-binding globulin were measured at baseline. RESULTS: Baseline and peak LH responses to the agonist in late puberty, and basal and peak FSH levels at all Tanner stages, were higher in girls than in boys. Girls showed higher IGF-I levels than boys throughout puberty, sharper decreases in IGFBP-1 and earlier and greater increases in 17-hydroxypregnenolone, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) and DHEA-sulfate. Testosterone responses to the agonist increased during puberty in males, and showed no changes in females. Conversely, estradiol responses rose throughout puberty in females and remained unchanged until late puberty in males. CONCLUSION: Leuprolide acetate stimulates gonadotropin and gonadal steroid secretion during puberty in both sexes and increases FSH levels in prepubertal girls. Pubertal maturation of gonadotrope function is gender specific, as it appears to involve increases in both the releasable and reserve pools of LH in males, and of LH and FSH in females. The earlier increase in Delta(5)-steroids in girls may suggest a sharper rise in ovarian cytochrome P450c17 activity along the Delta(5)-steroid pathway, while the failure of estradiol to increase in response to leuprolide acetate in early pubertal males suggests a late maturation of aromatase activity. FAU - Potau, N
Risk of developing insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) before 35 years of age: indications of climatological determinants for age at onset.$$$ This study analyses data from two nationwide prospective diabetes registries now covering about 3400 cases from 19 million person-years of follow-up in the age group 0-34 years. The risk of developing insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) per 100,000 individuals before 15 years was 386 (95% confidence intervals (CI): 362-410) for boys and 391 (95% CI: 367-415) for girls and by 35 years 701 (95% CI: 671-731) for men and 562 (95% CI: 534-690) for women. The incidence rate showed a maximum for both boys and girls in early puberty. After pubertal years a sharp increase in the male to female incidence ratio of IDDM was notable. At 10-14 years it was 0.94, at 15-19 years 1.59 and at 20-24 years 2.08. A Cox regression model was used to analyse the effects on age at onset of sex, population density and climatological factors as measured by north-south area of residence and season at onset. The effect of sex was confirmed (P less than 0.001). A significant effect (P = 0.004) of season was shown when the four seasons were classified according to a four stage scale related to mean temperature. When dividing Sweden into 11 regions according to north-south gradient (Latitude 55 degrees, 56 degrees, 57 degrees, ..., 65 degrees) a significant effect (P = 0.038) was also found. However, no effects of population density or living near the coast versus in the interior were found. It is concluded that a large proportion of the young are at risk of developing this chronic disease.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS) FAU - Nyström, L
The association between cardiac autonomic neuropathy with metabolic and other factors in subjects with type 1 and type 2 diabetes.$$$ BACKGROUND: Cardiac autonomic neuropathy (CAN) is a common diabetes complication associated with poor prognosis. This cross-sectional study aimed to examine for associations between CAN and metabolic and other parameters in patients with either type 1 (T1DM) or type 2 (T2DM) diabetes. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A total of 600 patients (T1DM, n=200; T2DM, n=400) were recruited. Participants with overt nephropathy, macrovascular complications, and treated hypertension were excluded. CAN was diagnosed when two of the four classical autonomic function tests were abnormal. RESULTS: CAN was diagnosed in 42.0% and in 44.3% of the participants with T1DM and T2DM, respectively. Multivariate logistic regression analysis demonstrated that, in T1DM, the odds [OR (95% confidence intervals)] of CAN increased with higher waist circumference [1.36 (1.01-2.02)], systolic blood pressure [1.16 (1.03-1.31)], hypertension [1.19 (1.03-2.67)], smoking [1.10 (1.12-1.40], fasting glucose [1.01 (1.00-1.01)], HbA(1c) [1.69 (1.07-2.76)], pubertal diabetes onset [1.08 (1.03-1.24)], LDL cholesterol [1.01(1.00-1.02)], triglycerides [1.58 (1.24-1.48)], retinopathy [1.13 (1.04-1.41)], peripheral neuropathy [2.53 (1.07-2.99)], glomerular filtration rate [0.93 (0.87-0.99)], and microalbuminuria [1.24 (1.12-1.36)]. The same analysis in T2DM demonstrated that the odds of CAN increased with higher waist circumference [1.08 (1.00-1.39)], systolic blood pressure [1.06 (1.02-1.12)], hypertension [1.50 (1.24-2.03)], smoking [1.22 (1.14-1.49)], diabetes duration [1.20 (1.09-1.34)], fasting glucose [1.21 (1.12-1.31)], HbA(1c) [1.25 (1.08-1.45)], LDL cholesterol [1.35 (1.04-1.75)], triglycerides [1.30 (1.00-1.68)], retinopathy [1.24 (1.16-1.35)], peripheral neuropathy [1.79 (1.07-2.01)], glomerular filtration rate [0.96 (0.95-0.97)], and microalbuminuria [1.20 (1.14-1.36)]. CONCLUSIONS: CAN is common in diabetes and is associated with modifiable factors including central fat distribution, hypertension, dyslipidemia, worse diabetes control, and smoking, and with the other microvascular complications of diabetes. Our findings emphasize the need for a multifactorial intervention for the prevention of CAN.
Lipid and insulin levels in obese children: changes with age and puberty.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The goal was to describe the lipid profile and insulin changes seen in obese children and adolescents at different stages of puberty. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: A cross-sectional study was conducted by chart review of 181 obese (BMI > 95th) children and adolescents 5 to 17 years of age, who were referred to the Center for Atherosclerosis Prevention for cardiovascular risk reduction from January 2003 through December 2003. RESULTS: Eighty (44.2%) subjects were <12 years of age, and 101 (55.8%) were >or=12 years. Severity of obesity as expressed by BMI standard deviation score did not differ between these age groups. A significant difference with lower serum levels of total cholesterol, non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was seen with older age and with advancing sexual maturity rating. Triglycerides, very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and lipoprotein(a) levels remained elevated across age and pubertal stages. Insulin levels and insulin resistance as expressed by homeostasis model assessment were significantly higher with older age. Similar trends were observed both in obese boys and obese girls during puberty. DISCUSSION: The most striking findings of this study are that in the 5- to 17-year-old obese population, the combination of elevated triglycerides and very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels place them at greater cardiovascular risk than their non-obese peers, even when the changing patterns of lipids and lipoproteins seen during pubertal maturation are accounted for. FAU - Pinhas-Hamiel, Orit
A life course approach to cardiovascular aging.$$$ A life course approach in epidemiology investigates the biological, behavioral and social pathways that link physical and social exposures and experiences during gestation, childhood, adolescence and adult life, and across generations, to later-life health and disease risk. We illustrate how a life course approach has been applied to cardiovascular disease, highlighting the evidence in support of the early origins of disease risk. We summarize how trajectories of cardiometabolic risk factors change over the life course and suggest that understanding underlying 'normal' or 'healthy' trajectories and the characteristics that drive deviations from such trajectories offer the potential for early prevention and for identifying means of preventing future disease. FAU - Hardy, Rebecca
Retinopathy in juvenile-onset type I diabetes of short duration.$$$ We evaluated the prevalence and severity of diabetic retinopathy in 173 juvenile-onset, type I diabetic subjects and 78 nondiabetic controls of similar age, race, and sex distribution by stereoscopic fundus photography and fluorescein angiography, performed by a standardized protocol and evaluated by five expert, masked observers. The overall prevalence of retinopathy was 18% in the diabetic group and 0% in the controls. Retinopathy prevalence increased with duration of diabetes in the diabetic group, with a prevalence of 1% from 0--4 yr after diagnosis, 25% after 5--9 yr, and 67% 10--16 yr after onset of the systemic disease. There was an independent association with age, with little retinopathy before age 15 and a 48% prevalence in older persons. Retinopathy was also found to be independently associated with the following: diabetic "control," evaluated semiquantitatively but on a masked basis; lens opacities; and frequency of daily insulin injections. Among the 166 diabetic subjects who had both angiography and photography, a retinopathy prevalence of 17% was detected by angiography and 11% by photography. This difference was statistically significant (P = 0.01). This study provides baseline data for use in estimating sample size in controlled trials of therapeutic measures to prevent retinopathy in juvenile diabetic populations. The study also supports the hypothesis that long-term hyperglycemia as well as changes (possibly hormonal in nature) associated with puberty are causally related to diabetic retinopathy. FAU - Frank, R N
Primary Gonadal Insufficiency in Male and Female Childhood Cancer Survivors in a Long-Term Follow-Up Clinic.$$$ PURPOSE: Childhood cancer survivors (CCS) are at increased risk of primary gonadal insufficiency (PGI). This study evaluated the prevalence and clinical characteristics of PGI in CCS. METHODS: In this single-center, retrospective, observational, longitudinal study, we characterized CCS with PGI attending the oncology Long-Term Follow-Up (LTFU) Clinic at an Australian university hospital (January 2012-August 2014). From a cohort of 276 CCS, 54 (32 males) met criteria for PGI: elevated gonadotropins plus low estradiol/amenorrhoea (females) or low testosterone/small testicles for age (males). RESULTS: Median age at primary diagnosis was 4.8 years (inter-quartile range [IQR] 3.0-9.7 years) and at LTFU, it was 22.3 years (IQR 18.2-25.7 years). Fifty-three participants (98.1%) were treated with known highly gonadotoxic therapies: alkylating chemotherapy (96.3%), radiotherapy (70.3%), total body irradiation (29.6%), bone marrow transplantation (51.9%), or multimodal protocols (68.5%). At primary diagnosis, 86.7% participants were Tanner stage I and at LTFU, 89.1% participants were Tanner stage V. More females (95.5%; n = 21) than males (40.6%; n = 13) were treated with hormone development therapy (HDT) (p < 0.01). Of these, more than half (n = 18; 7 males) required pubertal induction. There was no significant difference in serum luteinizing hormone/follicle stimulating hormone (LH/FSH), testosterone/estradiol between those untreated and those treated with HDT. Among those on HDT, 60.7% had persistently elevated FSH±LH and 33.3% had low testosterone or estradiol. Six males had semen analysis (five azoospermic, one oligospermic). Psychological assessment was documented in 61.1% of participants, and two-thirds reported fertility concerns. CONCLUSION: PGI is an evolving phenotype that is common in CCS. Suboptimal treatment and non-adherence occur frequently. Ongoing assessment is essential to ensure prompt diagnosis, adequate intervention and to promote HDT adherence. FAU - Gunn, Harriet M
Augmentation of growth hormone secretion during puberty: evidence for a pulse amplitude-modulated phenomenon.$$$ The augmentation of GH secretion that occurs during puberty has been attributed to changes in sex steroid levels that enhance the frequency and amplitude of GH pulses. To investigate the specific GH pulse characteristics responsible for such augmentation we analyzed the serum GH concentration profiles of 10 boys in Tanner stages I-II of sexual development (group A; aged 10 5/12-15 1/12 yr) and compared their GH pulse characteristics with those of 5 boys at Tanner stages IV-V of development (group B; aged 14 8/12-15 1/12 yr). We also reanalyzed previously reported data from 5 prepubertal boys (group C; aged 13 6/12-15 5/12 yr) before and after 10 weeks of treatment with testosterone enanthate (100 mg/4 weeks, im). Using a pulse detection algorithm that constrains the false positive pulse detection rate to less than 5% (Cluster), we found that group B boys had a significantly higher mean serum GH pulse amplitude compared to group A boys (17.1 +/- 2.6 vs. 8.6 +/- 1.7 ng/mL; P = 0.012), but both groups had the same mean GH pulse frequency (group B, 5.4 +/- 0.5 pulses/24 h vs. group A, 5.5 +/- 0.4 pulses/24 h; P greater than 0.05). Similar changes were found in group C boys before and after testosterone therapy; there was no significant change in GH pulse frequency (6.6 +/- 0.9 before vs. 7.6 +/- 0.5 pulses/24 h after treatment; P greater than 0.05), but there was a significant increase in the GH pulse amplitude after therapy (6.8 +/- 1.6 before vs. 15.4 +/- 2.4 ng/mL after treatment; P = 0.04). When the 24-h GH concentration profiles were analyzed using a mathematically distinct method for the estimation of pulse amplitudes, namely the Fourier expansion time series, we confirmed a significant increase in GH pulse amplitude with later stages of puberty and androgen treatment. We conclude that the augmentation in GH secretion that occurs during either spontaneous puberty or exogenous testosterone therapy is an amplitude-modulated phenomenon, relatively independent of changes in pulse frequency. Such an effect may be secondary to the action of sex steroid hormones modulating either the responsivity of somatotrophs to endogenous GH-releasing hormone, the amount of GH-releasing hormone secreted, or the tonic inhibitory tone of somatostatin. FAU - Mauras, N
Associations of prenatal growth with metabolic syndrome, insulin resistance, and nutritional status in Chilean children.$$$ INTRODUCTION: The association of prenatal growth with nutritional status, metabolic syndrome (MS), and insulin resistance (IR) was studied in school-age children. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study was designed linking present data of children with perinatal records. 3325 subjects were enrolled. Anthropometry, blood pressure (BP), and pubertal status were assessed. Blood lipids, glucose, and insulin were measured. Linear associations were assessed using the Cochran-Armitage test. Odds ratios and nonlinear associations were computed. RESULTS: 3290 children (52% females, mean age of 11.4 ± 1 years) were analyzed. Prevalence of obesity, stunting, MS, and IR was 16.0%, 3.6%, 7.3%, and 25.5%, respectively. The strongest positive association was between birth weight (BW) and obesity (OR 2.97 (95% CI 2.01-4.40) at BW ≥ 4,000 g compared to BW 2,500-2,999). The strongest inverse association was between birth length (BL) and stunting (OR 8.70 (95% CI 3.66-20.67) at BL < 48 cm compared to BL 52-53 cm). A U-shaped association between BL and BP ≥ 90th percentile was observed. Significant ORs were also found for MS and IR. Adjustments for present fat mass increased or maintained the most prenatal growth influences. CONCLUSIONS: Prenatal growth influences MS, IR, and nutritional status. Prenatal growth was more important than present body composition in determining these outcomes. FAU - Mardones, Francisco
Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 and tissue-plasminogen activator in minority adolescents with type 2 diabetes and obesity.$$$ Increased plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) and decreased tissue-plasminogen activator (t-PA) activities lead to impaired fibrinolysis, which is critical for cardiovascular disease. We studied these hemostatic factors at fasting state and after an oral fat load in 12 type 2 diabetic and 17 nondiabetic obese adolescents, matched for age, sex, body mass index, and sexual maturation. Plasma PAI-1, t-PA, and glucose as well as serum C-peptide, insulin, total cholesterol, triglyceride, and HDL and LDL cholesterol levels were measured at 0, 2, 4, and 6 h after the fat load. Metabolic responses were expressed as the area under the curve (AUC). PAI-1 activities were significantly greater in patients than in control subjects [fasting, 23.4 +/- 2.6 versus 12.9 +/- 2.0 U/mL (p < 0.004); AUC, 101.7 +/- 12.1 versus 57.6 +/- 6.5 U . h [corrected] . mL(-1) (p < 0.003)]. Fasting t-PA activities were significantly lower in the patients than in the control subjects (0.8 +/- 0.3 versus 6.5 +/- 2.7 U/mL; p < 0.001). Triglyceride was the only lipid parameter that was significantly different in the patients than in the control subjects [fasting, 1.5 +/- 0.2 versus 0.9 +/- 0.1 mM (p < 0.05); AUC, 15.7 +/- 2.9 versus 7.9 +/- 0.6 mmol . h(-1) . L(-1) (p < 0.02)]. The PAI-1 activities decreased significantly during the loading tests (p < 0.0001), whereas the t-PA activities did not change. Insulin resistance estimated by the homeostasis model assessment was greater in the patients than in the control subjects (14.4 +/- 2.8 versus 4.6 +/- 0.7; p < 0.0001). We conclude that elevated PAI-1 and diminished t-PA activities, suggestive of suppressed fibrinolysis, are present in our adolescents with type 2 diabetes; adding another risk factor for cardiovascular disease and acute high fat load does not further negatively affect this suppressed fibrinolysis. FAU - Umpaichitra, Vatcharapan
Adolescent type 1 Diabetes Cardio-renal Intervention Trial (AdDIT).$$$ BACKGROUND: The prognosis for young people diagnosed with diabetes during childhood remains poor and this is mainly related to the long-term risk of developing vascular complications.Microalbuminuria identifies subjects at risk for diabetic nephropathy (DN) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). It is often detected in adolescence but is rarely treated before the age of 18 years, as at the end of puberty albumin excretion may decline and in some subjects will return into the normal range. However, evidence indicates that subjects with both transient and persistent microalbuminuria have experienced renal damage during puberty and thus reno-protection to prevent long-term complications is warranted. In adults with diabetes and microalbuminuria, the use of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEI) and Statins is increasing, and in order to determine whether these agents are of value in the adolescent population a large randomized controlled clinical trial is needed. METHODS/DESIGN: The Adolescent type 1 Diabetes cardio-renal Intervention Trial (AdDIT) is a multi-center, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of ACEI and Statin therapy in adolescents with type 1 diabetes. 500 high-risk adolescents, defined on the basis of their albumin excretion, are randomized to receive either ACEI (Quinapril) or Statins (Atorvastatin) or combination therapy or placebo for 3-4 years. There will also be a parallel open observational study, based on the follow-up of 400 low-risk non-randomized adolescents. The major endpoint of the study is the change in albumin excretion; secondary endpoints include markers of CVD, renal function, retinopathy, quality of life combined with assessment of compliance and potential health economic benefits. DISCUSSION: AdDIT will provide important data on the potential renal and cardiovascular protective effects of ACEI and Statins in high-risk adolescents. Long-term follow-up of the randomized subjects will provide direct evidence of disease outcomes, in addition to the data on early surrogate measures of DN and CVD. Follow-up of non-randomized low-risk subjects will determine the potential impact of intervention on DN and CVD. AdDIT will help to determine whether, in addition to encouraging young people to achieve good glycaemic control, pharmacological cardio-renal protection should also be implemented. EUDRACT NUMBER: 2007-001039-72 TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ISRCTN91419926.
Causes, patterns and severity of androgen excess in 487 consecutively recruited pre- and post-pubertal children.$$$ Objective Androgen excess in childhood is a common presentation and may signify sinister underlying pathology. Data describing its patterns and severity are scarce, limiting the information available for clinical decision processes. Here, we examined the differential diagnostic value of serum DHEAS, androstenedione (A4) and testosterone in childhood androgen excess. Design Retrospective review of all children undergoing serum androgen measurement at a single center over 5 years. Methods Serum A4 and testosterone were measured by tandem mass spectrometry and DHEAS by immunoassay. Patients with at least one increased androgen underwent phenotyping by clinical notes review. Results In 487 children with simultaneous DHEAS, A4 and testosterone measurements, we identified 199 with androgen excess (140 pre- and 59 post-pubertal). Premature adrenarche (PA) was the most common pre-pubertal diagnosis (61%), characterized by DHEAS excess in 85%, while A4 and testosterone were only increased in 26 and 9% respectively. PCOS was diagnosed in 40% of post-pubertal subjects, presenting equally frequent with isolated excess of DHEAS (29%) or testosterone (25%) or increases in both A4 and testosterone (25%). CAH patients (6%) predominantly had A4 excess (86%); testosterone and DHEAS were increased in 50 and 33% respectively. Concentrations increased above the two-fold upper limit of normal were mostly observed in PA for serum DHEAS (>20-fold in the single case of adrenocortical carcinoma) and in CAH for serum androstenedione. Conclusions Patterns and severity of childhood androgen excess provide pointers to the underlying diagnosis and can be used to guide further investigations. FAU - Idkowiak, Jan
Ultrasensitive estrogen levels at 7 years of age predict earlier thelarche: evidence from girls of the growth and obesity Chilean cohort.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Prepubertal estradiol equivalents have been inconsistently linked to age at thelarche; elucidating this relationship becomes relevant given the worldwide decline in the age of puberty onset. Thus, our aim is to assess whether prepubertal girls with higher serum levels of estradiol equivalents at age 7 have a greater risk of presenting early thelarche (ET). DESIGN: Nested case-control study within the Growth and Obesity Cohort Study of 1196 low-middle income children (∼50% girls) from Santiago, Chile. Girls were defined as cases (ET; n=61) if breast bud appeared prior to 8 years of age; controls (n=91) had thelarche >8 years. METHODS: At 6.7 years, weight, height and waist circumference were measured and a fasting blood sample was obtained for measuring estrogen equivalent (ultrasensitive recombinant cell bioassay), DHEAS, leptin, insulin and IGF1. Beginning at 7 years old, Tanner staging was assessed prospectively twice a year and the appearance of breast bud was assessed by palpation. RESULTS: Mean serum estradiol-equivalent at 6.7 years was 3.9±3.6 pg/ml for cases and 3.6±2.3 pg/ml for controls. Girls with ET had a higher risk of presenting elevated estradiol-equivalent (≥5 pg/ml) at 7 years (OR=2.05, 95% CI: 0.96-4.36) than controls that was borderline significant. However, after adjusting by BMI, insulin and IGF1 at age 7, the association between estradiol-equivalent and ET was significant (OR=2.29 (95% CI: 1.05-5.01)). CONCLUSIONS: Chilean girls from low to middle socioeconomic status with ET exhibited double the risk of having high levels of estradiol-equivalent at 7 years than girls with a later age of thelarche. Whole-body adiposity and increased adrenal activity did not explain the observed prepubertal estrogen increase.
Shifts in BMI category and associated cardiometabolic risk: prospective results from HEALTHY study.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To evaluate shifts across BMI categories and associated changes in cardiometabolic risk factors over 2.5 years in an ethnically diverse middle school sample. METHODS: As part of HEALTHY, a multisite school-based study designed to mitigate risk for type 2 diabetes, 3993 children participated in health screenings at the start of sixth and end of eighth grades. Assessments included anthropometric measures, blood pressure, and glucose, insulin, and lipids. Students were classified as underweight, healthy weight, overweight, obese, or severely obese. Mixed models controlling for school intervention status and covariates were used to evaluate shifts in BMI category over time and the relation between these shifts and changes in risk factors. RESULTS: At baseline, students averaged 11.3 (±0.6) years; 47.6% were boys, 59.6% were Hispanic, and 49.8% were overweight or obese. Shifts in BMI category over time were common. For example, 35.7% of youth who were overweight moved to the healthy weight range, but 13% in the healthy weight range became overweight. BMI shifts were not associated with school intervention condition, household education, or youth gender, race/ethnicity, pubertal status, or changes in height. Increases in BMI category were associated with worsening of cardiometabolic risk factors, and decreases were associated with improvements. Boys who increased BMI category were more vulnerable to negative risk factor changes than girls. CONCLUSIONS: There are substantial shifts across BMI categories during middle school that are associated with clinically meaningful changes in cardiometabolic risk factors. Programs to promote decreases in BMI and prevent increases are clearly warranted. FAU - Marcus, Marsha D
Prevalence of metabolic syndrome in obese children and adolescents using three different criteria and evaluation of risk factors.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome (MS) in Turkish obese children and adolescents by using three different definitions and to assess the risk factors through a retrospective evaluation of anthropometric and laboratory parameters. METHODS: Sixty hundred and fourteen obese patients (307 male, 307 female; mean age: 11.3±2.5 years) were included in the study. Medical history, physical examination, anthropometric measurements, results of biochemical and hormonal assays were obtained from the hospital records. MS was diagnosed according to the modified World Health Organization (WHO), Cook and the International Diabetes Federation (IDF) consensus criteria. RESULTS: The prevalence of MS was found to be 39%, 34% and 33% according to the modified WHO, Cook and the IDF consensus criteria, respectively. MS prevalence in patients aged 12-18 years was significantly higher than that in patients between 7 and 11 years of age (p<0.05). Pubertal patients had a significantly higher MS prevalence than the non-pubertal cases (p<0.05). MS prevalence was also significantly higher in children who had a family history of heart disease, diabetes, obesity and hypertension as well as in those who had not been breast-fed (p<0.05). CONCLUSION: The use of the modified WHO criteria was found to result in a slightly higher prevalence rate for MS as compared to the other criteria. The prevalence of MS in our study population was higher than that reported in most previous studies in Turkey. A positive family history, puberty and not being breastfed in infancy were shown to be significant risk factors for MS in childhood.
Insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia in prepubertal obese children.$$$ BACKGROUND: Tissue resistance to insulin has been demonstrated in obese individuals. Pancreatic beta-cells respond to the reduced tissue sensitivity with increased insulin secretion so that glucose homeostasis is maintained. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this prospective study was to investigate the presence of hyperinsulinemia and insulin resistance in obese children and adolescents. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Fasting glucose (FG) and insulin (FI) levels and fasting glucose to insulin ratio (FGIR) were measured in 26 obese prepubertal children and 20 obese adolescents, as compared to 20 non-obese prepupertal children and 20 adolescents with normal body weight. Furthermore, obese children and adolescents underwent an oral glucose tolerance test with measurements of glucose and insulin 2 hours post glucose load. RESULTS: In 14/26 (54%) obese prepubertal children and in 16/20 (80%) obese adolescents FI was >24 microU/ml. FGIR was <6 in 23/26 (88%) prepubertal obese children and in all obese adolescents. All non-obese prepubertal children and adolescents had normal FI. However, FGIR was <6 in 6/20 (30%) non-obese prepubertal children and in 15/20 (75%) non-obese adolescents. CONCLUSION: Hyperinsulinemia and insulin resistance are already present in prepubertal obese children. As hyperinsulinemia is a potentially reversible condition and the complications related to it may be prevented, early measurements should be undertaken so that obese children lose body weight before the onset of puberty which may enhance the problem of insulin insensitivity. FAU - Galli-Tsinopoulou, Assimina
[Risk factors in breast cancer. Prospective analysis of 414 patients].$$$ This report has the purpose to analyze the risk factors for Breast Cancer in the population of female Mexican workers and their relatives living in the same socio-cultural environment. These risk factors were: age, number of pregnancies, age while first pregnant, early menarca, late menopause, no lactance, use of contraceptive pills, hereditary, mammary pathology, obesity, diabetes mellitus. The questions were asked to women older than 30 years of age to which a breast biopsy had been practiced; in 123 patients the biopsy reported a breast carcinoma in 291 patients the hystological reports showed a benign pathology other than cancer. The statistics were comparative among both groups with a p less than 0.001 each factor was analyzed for chi square. The average was of 44 years of age to which a breast biopsy had been practiced; groups with breast cancer 80% were pregnant before the age of 26 one with two or more births. The risk factors as the obesity, no lactancy, anticonceptives widely discussed and contradictors in the literature; in this group of patient with breast cancer resulted with statistic significance. The results suggest a population with breast cancer with own characteristics. FAU - Paredes López, A
Characterisation of rapid progressors to type 1 diabetes among children with HLA-conferred disease susceptibility.$$$ AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: In this study, we aimed to characterise rapid progressors to type 1 diabetes among children recruited from the general population, on the basis of HLA-conferred disease susceptibility. METHODS: We monitored 7410 HLA-predisposed children participating in the Finnish Type 1 Diabetes Prediction and Prevention (DIPP) study for the development of beta cell autoimmunity and type 1 diabetes from birth over a median follow-up time of 16.2 years (range 0.9-21.1 years). Islet cell antibodies (ICA) and autoantibodies to insulin (IAA), GAD (GADA) and islet antigen 2 (IA-2A) were assessed as markers of beta cell autoimmunity. Rapid progression was defined as progression to clinical type 1 diabetes within 1.5 years of autoantibody seroconversion. We analysed the association between rapid progression and demographic and autoantibody characteristics as well as genetic markers, including 25 non-HLA SNPs predisposing to type 1 diabetes. RESULTS: Altogether, 1550 children (21%) tested positive for at least one diabetes-associated autoantibody in at least two samples, and 248 (16%) of seroconverters progressed to type 1 diabetes by the end of 2015. The median time from seroconversion to diagnosis was 0.51 years in rapid progressors (n = 42, 17%) and 5.4 years in slower progressors. Rapid progression was observed both among young (<5 years) and early pubertal children (>7 years), resulting in a double-peak distribution of seroconversion age. Compared with slower progressors, rapid progressors had a higher frequency of positivity for multiple (≥2) autoantibodies and had higher titres of ICA, IAA and IA-2A at seroconversion, and there was a higher prevalence of the secretor genotype in the FUT2 gene among those carrying the high-risk HLA genotype. Compared with autoantibody-positive non-progressors, rapid progressors were younger, were more likely to carry the high-risk HLA genotype and a predisposing SNP in the PTPN22 gene, had higher frequency of ICA, IAA, GADA and IA-2A positivity and multipositivity, and had higher titres of all four autoantibodies at seroconversion. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: At seroconversion, individuals with rapid progression to type 1 diabetes were characterised by a younger age, higher autoantibody titres, positivity for multiple autoantibodies and higher prevalence of a FUT2 SNP. The double-peak profile for seroconversion age among the rapid progressors demonstrates for the first time that rapid progression may take place not only in young children but also in children in early puberty. Rapid progressors might benefit from careful clinical follow-up and early preventive measures. FAU - Pöllänen, Petra M
Pregnancy-associated plasma protein A in obese children: relationship to markers and risk factors of atherosclerosis and members of the IGF system.$$$ BACKGROUND: Pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPPA) is a large placenta-derived glycoprotein, which serves as a protease of several IGF-binding proteins (IGFBPs). In non-pregnant adults, measurable PAPPA levels were detected and have been implicated in the pathophysiology of atherosclerotic plaques. However, data in children is lacking. OBJECTIVE: To study the relationship between PAPPA, markers of atherosclerosis, and members of the IGF system in pediatric obesity. PATIENTS AND DESIGN: Eighty-two obese and 52 nonobese children and 1-year longitudinal follow-up study for obese cohort. INTERVENTION: Outpatient 1-year intervention program based on exercise, behavior, and nutrition therapy. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Changes in PAPPA levels, carotid intima media thickness (IMT), weight, blood pressure, lipids, metabolic markers, and members of IGF system. RESULTS: Baseline PAPPA (PAPPA(BL)) serum levels did not differ between obese and lean subjects. PAPPA(BL) correlated significantly with IGF1, IGFBP1, and serum cholesterol. During the 1-year-program mean IMT decreased from 0.66 ± 0.01 to 0.63 ± 0.01 mm (P<0.05) and PAPPA from 1.83 ± 0.12 to 1.58 ± 0.11 μU/l (P<0.00). In linear regression analysis with IMT after intervention as dependent variable, PAPPA contributed significantly to the observed variance. The longitudinal change of PAPPA correlated significantly with the change of serum triglycerides. CONCLUSION: In this cohort of obese children, PAPPA serum levels correlated significantly with other cardiovascular risk factors. The lack of a direct correlation between PAPPA and IMT suggests that the described association of atherosclerotic plaques and increased PAPPA levels might reflect an indirect mechanism of PAPPA with cardiovascular risk factors such as serum lipids rather than a direct effect on the vasculature. FAU - Woelfle, Joachim
Serum soluble lectin-like oxidized low-density lipoprotein receptor-1 levels in patients with restless legs syndrome.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to assess the predisposition for atherosclerosis in patients with RLS through serum sLOX-1 (serum Lectin-Like Oxidized Low-Density Lipoprotein Receptor-1) measurements. BACKGROUND: Recent epidemiological studies have suggested an association of RLS with certain chronic conditions such as diabetes mellitus (DM), obesity, hypertension (HT), and hyperlipidemia. LOX-1 is expressed in endothelial cells, macrophages, and in smooth muscle cells under the effect of proatherogenic conditions. METHODS: This study was a prospective, cross-sectional, case-controlled. We measured the serum sLOX-1 levels in 37 restless legs syndrome patients and 38 controls. RESULTS: Serum sLOX-1 level was significantly lower in the patient group. The two groups were similar in glucose, HbA1c, creatinine, LDL cholesterol, TG, HDL, total protein, albumin, AST, ALT, GGT, ALP, HGB, HCT, MCV, transferrin saturation rate (TSR), ferritin, CRP, TSH, FT4, FT3, B12, and folic acid levels. Also the two groups were similar with respect to age at menarche, number of previous births, number of abortions and/or curettage, total duration of breastfeeding, percentage of patients in menopause, and age at menopause. CONCLUSION: Our results may suggest a lower atherosclerotic risk among RLS patients as compared to the general population (Tab. 3, Ref. 33). FAU - Halac, G
[A case-control study on endometrial carcinoma].$$$ In order to study the risk factors associated with endometrial carcinoma, a case-control study conducted in the First Affiliated Hospital of Xian Medical University, from July 1984 to June 1988. Interviews with 102 cases and 102 matched controls were made. The authors analyzed the data, by using odds ratio, chi 2 test, chi 2 test for trend and logistic regression. The results indicated that risk factors related to endometrial carcinoma might be early menarche, low frequency of pregnancy, nulliparity or low parity and obesity. The factors of hypertension, diabetes, uterine curettage, fluoroscopy of pelvic cavity and mental trauma might also play a very important role in the pathogenesis of endometrial carcinoma. There was no association between endometrial carcinoma and oral contraceptives, age of first birth, sterilization, leiomyoma of uterus. FAU - Wang, P
Early menarche is associated with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in adulthood.$$$ BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to examine the association between early menarche (<12 years) and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in premenopausal women and to explore whether it is mediated by adult obesity and insulin resistance. METHODS: We analyzed data of premenopausal women, aged ≥15 years, from the Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (2007-2009). We divided the women into three groups: early menarche, reference (12.00-15.99 years), and late menarche. The presence of NAFLD was determined using hepatic steatosis index >36.0. RESULTS: Of the 4,387 women evaluated, 673 (15.4%) met the criteria for NAFLD. The prevalence of NAFLD was higher in both women with early and late menarche compared with the reference (early, 23.4%; reference, 14.0%; late, 19.9%, P < 0.001). After adjustment of confounders including age, the OR for NAFLD in early menarche compared with the reference was 3.04 (95%CI: 1.99-4.65). Further adjustment of mediators, such as central obesity or insulin resistance, attenuated the association to 1.91-2.17. There was no association, however, between late menarche and NAFLD after adjustment of confounders. CONCLUSIONS: Early menarche was associated with an increased risk of NAFLD in young and middle-aged premenopausal Korean women.
Early pubertal development and insulin sensitivity among school-aged girls: mediation via adiposity.$$$ STUDY OBJECTIVE: To examine whether the known association between early pubertal breast maturation and insulin sensitivity (SI) is mediated by adiposity. DESIGN: Cross-sectional analyses. SETTING: Observational study examining the roles of environment, diet, and obesity on puberty. PARTICIPANTS: 379 girls with a mean age, 7.03 years; 62% were white and 29% black. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Pubertal development was assessed via physical examination and adiposity by body mass index Z score (BMI Z) and waist-to-height ratio. Fasting blood samples were obtained for insulin and glucose concentrations. SI was calculated with the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI). Analysis of variance and Sobel's test was used to assess mediation. RESULTS: Fifty-five girls were pubertal (Tanner 2 breast). Breast maturation was inversely associated with SI (P = .005) and positively associated with BMI Z (P < .001) and waist-to-height ratio (P < .001). The effect of breast maturation on SI was no longer significant (P = .41) after adjusting for the effect of BMI Z, which remained significant (P < .001). Similar results were obtained when waist-to-height ratio replaced BMI Z in the models. Mediation analyses demonstrated that 75% of the association between breast maturation and SI is mediated by adiposity. CONCLUSIONS: In girls, decreased SI during early puberty is largely mediated by total and visceral adiposity.
Presence of the metabolic syndrome in obese children at prepubertal age.$$$ BACKGROUND/AIMS: There is a strong debate on the diagnosis and early phenotypic expression of the metabolic syndrome in children. The aim of the present study was to examine the frequency of the metabolic syndrome using various definitions in obese prepubertal and pubertal children. METHODS: 478 (213 females and 265 males) obese children were recruited in three provinces of Spain. Blood pressure (BP), waist circumference, and weight and height were measured, and body mass index was calculated. Glucose, insulin, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triacylglycerols were determined. We classified the children according to seven different proposed definitions of the metabolic syndrome. RESULTS: Regardless of the definition used, the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome (8.3-34.2%) was relatively high in obese children in the prepubertal period as well as in pubertal children (9.7-41.2%). We performed a principal-factor analysis to explain correlations among features of the metabolic syndrome and found that glucose metabolism (factor 1), dyslipidemia (factor 2) and obesity/BP (factor 3) explained 72% of the total variance. CONCLUSION: Irrespective of the classification used, the metabolic syndrome is not only present in pubertal but also in prepubertal children. International definitions of the metabolic syndrome should also consider criteria specific for children in the prepubertal period, i.e. children aged <10 years.
Comparison of oral and intravenous glucose tolerance test derived sensitivity and secretory indices in obese adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: Insulin resistance increases type 2 diabetes risk in obese adolescents. Thus, quantitative tools measuring insulin sensitivity and secretion are important for risk assessment. METHODS: Forty-four obese pubertal adolescents underwent oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIGT). We correlated OGTT-derived whole body sensitivity index (WBISI) with FSIGT-derived insulin sensitivity index (Si). Insulinogenic index (IGI) from OGTT was compared with acute insulin response to glucose (AIRg) from FSIGT. RESULTS: Fasting insulin (r = -.64, P < .0005) and glucose (r = -.39 P ≤ .0005) predicted Si. The OGTT-derived index WBISI correlated with the FSIGT-derived Si (r = .608, P < .0005). IGI correlated with AIRg from FSIGT (r = .704, P < .0005). CONCLUSIONS: OGTT-based measures correlated with FSIGT-derived measures of insulin sensitivity and secretion. In particular, we demonstrated that WBISI can be a reliable alternative to FSIGT-derived Si in clinical settings where OGTT is a more feasible option. FAU - Brar, Preneet C
Thiamine-responsive megaloblastic anaemia syndrome: long-term follow-up and mutation analysis of seven families.$$$ AIM: Thiamine-responsive megaloblastic anaemia syndrome (TRMA) is the association of diabetes mellitus, anaemia and deafness, due to mutations in SLC19A2, encoding a thiamine transporter protein. This is a unique monogenic form of vitamin-dependent diabetes for which there is limited long-term data. We aimed to study genotype-phenotype relationships and long-term follow-up in our cohort. METHODS: We have studied 13 patients from seven families and have follow-up data for a median of 9 y (2-30 y). RESULTS: All patients originated from Kashmir or Punjab, and presented with non-immune, insulin-deficient diabetes mellitus, sensorineural deafness and a variable anaemia in the first 5 y of life, the anaemia progressing to megaloblastic and sideroblastic changes in the bone marrow. The anaemia and diabetes mellitus responded to oral thiamine hydrochloride 25 mg/d, but during puberty thiamine supplements became ineffective, and almost all patients require insulin therapy and regular blood transfusions in adulthood. All patients are homozygous for mutations in the SLC19A2 gene. We have identified a novel missense mutation (T158R) that was excluded in 100 control alleles. CONCLUSION: Diabetes in this syndrome is due to an insulin insufficiency that initially responds to thiamine supplements; however, most patients become fully insulin dependent after puberty. A mutation screening strategy is feasible and likely to identify mutations in almost all cases. FAU - Ricketts, Christopher J
Early and late menarche are associated with oligomenorrhea and predict metabolic syndrome 26 years later.$$$ OBJECTIVE: We determined whether simple, clinical information on late and early menarche could help identify adult women with metabolic syndrome (MetS) and oligomenorrhea. MATERIALS/METHODS: We carried out a 26-year prospective follow-up of 272 suburban schoolgirls from ages 5-22 to 30-46. RESULTS: Early menarche (≤10 years, 5.2% of girls) and late menarche (≥16 years, 6.7% of girls) were both associated with oligomenorrhea (≥42 days) in adulthood, 29% and 11%, vs. 5% for normal menarche (11-15 years), p=.004. Early menarche was characterized by high childhood BMI (LS mean±SE: 21.2 ±1.0 kg/m2) and by high childhood and adult MetS (15%, 36%). Girls with late menarche had the lowest childhood BMI (18.1±1.0), no childhood MetS, and the highest adult MetS (47%). Increasing age at menarche was associated with uniformly decreasing childhood BMI and MetS, but with a U-shaped pattern of BMI (p = .05), MetS (p=.008), and oligomenorrhea (p=.02) in adulthood. Change to MetS from median ages 13 to 38 was associated with early-late menarche (OR=3.11, 95% CI 1.37-7.07, p=.007). MetS in adulthood was associated with childhood MetS (OR=8.03, 95% CI 2.57-25.08, p=.0003) and with early-late menarche (OR =3.43, 95% CI 1.44-8.15, p=.005). CONCLUSIONS: Menarche age had a curvilinear ('U' shaped) relationship with MetS and oligomenorrhea in adulthood. Late menarche and early menarche are risk factors for adult oligomenorrhea, MetS, and cardiometabolic abnormalities. Girls with early (≤ age 10) and with late menarche (≥ 16) represent a group at high risk for adult cardiometabolic abnormalities and oligomenorrhea that is easily identifiable by physicians.
Endocrine and metabolic responses to realimentation in feed-restricted prepubertal gilts: associations among gonadotropins, metabolic hormones, glucose, and uteroovarian development.$$$ Temporal relationships among plasma LH, FSH, metabolic hormones, and glucose concentrations were studied in nutritionally manipulated prepubertal gilts. Twenty-four growth-matched littermate gilts (73.6 +/- 1.2 kg) were fed at maintenance for 7 d (d 1 to 7). From d 8 to 14, littermates were divided between two treatments and were either fed twice daily to appetite or continued on feed restriction. Feeding to appetite increased episodic LH secretion during the first 6 h of sampling on d 8 (P < .05). Plasma FSH concentrations were not affected by treatment between d 8 and 14. Nocturnal increases in plasma LH (P < .01) and FSH (P < .002) concentrations were detected in feed-restricted gilts but not realimented gilts. Mean total plasma IGF-I concentrations gradually increased in gilts fed to appetite (d 12, P < .02; d 13 to 14, P < .001). Mean postprandial insulin concentrations were also greater in gilts fed to appetite (P < .01). Treatment differences in mean postprandial glucose concentrations on d 9 and 10 indicate that normoglycemia was established by d 9 in gilts fed to appetite. At slaughter on d 15, numbers of ovarian follicles (P < .01), follicular volume (P < .001), and uterine weight (P < .05) were greater in gilts fed to appetite. In conclusion, uteroovarian responses to realimentation after short-term feed restriction in prepubertal gilts are mediated by enhanced LH secretion. This rapid enhancement of LH secretion in response to dietary repletion might have been mediated by changes in glucose and insulin status. Ovarian responses to gonadotropins may also be potentiated by observed increases in plasma glucose, insulin, and IGF-I. During feed restriction, a distinct diurnal rhythm in gonadotropin secretion was evident. FAU - Booth, P J
Oral Contraceptive Use and Prevalence of Self-Reported Glaucoma or Ocular Hypertension in the United States.$$$ PURPOSE: To investigate the association between oral contraceptive (OC) use and glaucoma prevalence in the United States. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. PARTICIPANTS: A total of 3406 female participants, aged 40 years or older, from the 2005 to 2008 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, who reported a presence or absence of glaucoma or ocular hypertension completed both the vision and the reproductive health questionnaires and underwent eye examinations. METHODS: Multivariate regression analysis was used to assess the correlation between OC use and self-reported glaucoma or ocular hypertension (n = 231 cases), controlling for potential confounders, including age, ethnicity, systemic comorbidities such as hypertension and stroke, ocular diseases such as cataract and diabetic retinopathy, and reproductive health factors, including age at menopause, age at menarche, history of hormone replacement therapy, and gynecological surgical history. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The outcome variable was self-reported glaucoma or ocular hypertension. RESULTS: After adjusting for confounders, those with ≥3 years of OC use had greater odds (odds ratio, 1.94; 95% confidence interval, 1.22-3.07) of self-reported glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Other factors associated with higher glaucoma or ocular hypertension prevalence included older age, African American race, and later age at menarche. CONCLUSIONS: Oral contraceptive use may be associated with increased risk of self-reported glaucoma or ocular hypertension.
Insulin resistance in adolescents with Down syndrome: a cross-sectional study.$$$ BACKGROUND: The prevalence of diabetes mellitus is higher in individuals with Down syndrome (DS) than in the general population; it may be due to the high prevalence of obesity presented by many of them. The aim of this study was to evaluate the insulin resistance (IR) using the HOMA (Homeostasis Model Assessment) method, in DS adolescents, describing it according to the sex, body mass index (BMI) and pubertal development. METHODS: 15 adolescents with DS (8 males and 7 females) were studied, aged 10 to 18 years, without history of disease or use of medication that could change the suggested laboratory evaluation. On physical examination, the pubertal signs, acanthosis nigricans (AN), weight and height were evaluated. Fasting plasma glucose and insulin were analysed by the colorimetric method and RIA-kit LINCO, respectively. IR was calculated using the HOMA method. The patients were grouped into obese, overweight and normal, according to their BMI percentiles. The EPIINFO 2004 software was used to calculate the BMI, its percentile and Z score. RESULTS: Five patients were adults (Tanner V or presence of menarche), 9 pubertal (Tanner II-IV) and 1 prepubertal (Tanner I). No one had AN. Two were obese, 4 overweight and 9 normal. Considering the total number of patients, HOMA was 1.7 +/- 1.0, insulin 9.3 +/- 4.8 microU/ml and glucose 74.4 +/- 14.8 mg/dl. The HOMA values were 2.0 +/- 1.0 in females and 1.5 +/- 1.0 in males. Considering the nutritional classification, the values of HOMA and insulin were: HOMA: 3.3 +/- 0.6, 2.0 +/- 1.1 and 1.3 +/- 0.6, and insulin: 18.15 +/- 1.6 microU/ml, 10.3 +/- 3.5 microU/ml and 6.8 +/- 2.8 microU/ml, in the obese, overweight and normal groups respectively. Considering puberty, the values of HOMA and insulin were: HOMA: 2.5 +/- 1.3, 1.4 +/- 0.6 and 0.8 +/- 0.0, and insulin: 13.0 +/- 5.8 microU/ml, 7.8 +/- 2.9 microU/ml and 4.0 +/- 0.0 microU/ml, in the adult, pubertal and prepubertal groups respectively. CONCLUSION: The obese and overweight, female and adult patients showed the highest values of HOMA and insulin. FAU - Fonseca, Cristina T
Testosterone concentration and insulin sensitivity in young men with type 1 and type 2 diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Reduced testosterone, a recognized comorbidity of reduced insulin sensitivity (IS) and type 2 diabetes (T2D), has also been reported in adult males with type 1 diabetes (T1D). However, there are limited data on how early reduced testosterone occurs, and whether it is related to the reduced IS in T1D. Leptin, a modulator of the HPG-axis, may also influence testosterone in T1D. We hypothesized that IS and leptin would be associated with total testosterone (TT), and free androgen index (FAI) in adolescent males with T1D. METHODS: T1D (n = 35), T2D (n = 13), lean (n = 13) and obese (n = 9) adolescent males had IS measured by hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamps (glucose infusion rate [GIR]), in addition to leptin, sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG), TT, and FAI. The cohort was stratified into those with T1D (n = 35) and those without (n = 35). RESULTS: TT and SHBG were lower in T2D boys vs. lean controls, and GIR and leptin correlated with FAI and TT in non-T1D participants. However, despite being insulin resistant, adolescent males with T1D had normal TT and FAI, unrelated to GIR. In T1D, leptin was inversely associated with TT (p = 0.005) and FAI (p = 0.01), independent of puberty, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), diabetes duration, body mass index (BMI) z-score and GIR. CONCLUSION: Leptin accounted for a significant proportion of the variability of testosterone in T1D. However, despite reduced IS, there was no association between IS and testosterone in T1D adolescents. These observations suggest that the mechanisms affecting testosterone may differ between adolescent males with and without T1D.
Age at onset and long-term metabolic control affect height in type-1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ Reduced height as a consequence of type-I-diabetes mellitus in childhood has been reported in many studies. However, it is still debated whether good metabolic control can normalize the growth rate. A total of 436 children (204 boys, 232 girls, mean age at diagnosis of diabetes 8.2+/-0.2 years) were followed at our outpatient diabetes centre. Z-scores for height were evaluated in relation to duration of diabetes, age at onset and long-term metabolic control. At diagnosis, height in children with diabetes was significantly above the reference population (+0.43+/-0.09). Standardized height decreased during the subsequent course of diabetes. This likely represents a delay of growth, as the final height (chronological age > 18 years, n = 144) was +0.27+/-0.09. Growth reduction was more pronounced in patients diagnosed before the onset of puberty and final height in patients with a prepubertal onset of diabetes was significantly lower (+0.10+/-0.13) compared to patients with a pubertal/postpubertal onset (+0.52+/-0.14). Among patients with a prepubertal onset, the subgroup with "poor" metabolic control (long-term median HbA(Ic) >7%) lost significantly more height compared to patients with "good" metabolic control. CONCLUSION: Despite modern treatment regimens, reduced longitudinal growth can still be demonstrated in type-I diabetes. This parameter therefore provides a valuable endpoint for quality control in paediatric diabetology. FAU - Holl, R W
Time Trends in Age at Menarche and Related Non-Communicable Disease Risk during the 20th Century in Mexico. LID - 10.3390/nu11020394 [doi] LID - 394$$$ Developed countries have shown a time trend towards a younger age at menarche (AAM), which is associated with increased risk of later obesity and non-communicable diseases. This study aimed to assess whether a time trend in AAM is associated with disease risk in Mexican women (n = 30,826), using data from the Mexican National Health Survey (2000). Linear and log binomial regression was used for nutritional and disease outcomes, while Welch⁻ANOVA was used to test for a time trend. AAM (in years) decreased over time (p < 0.001), with a maximal difference of 0.99 years between the 1920s (13.6 years) and 1980s (12.6 years ). AAM was negatively associated with weight (β = -1.01 kg; 95% CI -1.006, -1.004) and body mass index (BMI) (β = -1.01 kg/m²; -1.007, -1.006), and positively with height (β = 0.18 cm; 0.112, 0.231). AAM was associated with diabetes (RR = 0.95; 0.93, 0.98) and hypercholesterolemia (RR = 0.93; 0.90, 0.95), but not with hypertension, breast cancer or arthritis. In Mexico, AAM decreased significantly during the 20th century. AAM was inversely associated with adult weight and BMI, and positively with height. Women with a later AAM had a lower risk of diabetes and hypercholesterolemia. FAU - Petersohn, Inga
Reference values for IGF-I throughout childhood and adolescence: a model that accounts simultaneously for the effect of gender, age, and puberty.$$$ We have constructed a reference model to facilitate comparison of serum IGF-I values among children, and thereby to improve the value of IGF-I measurements for diagnosis. The data set consists of serum values measured in 969 samples from 468 healthy children and adolescents (232 males, 236 females; ages, 1.1-18.3 yr). One sample per child was used for the model, each being selected so as to provide sufficient observations for each stage of puberty. The samples not selected were used to validate the reference data. The IGF-I values were log transformed, and multiple regression analysis was used in the model-building process. The best linear model, which converts serum IGF-I concentrations into SD scores and explains 66% of the variation in logIGF-I values, includes the variables of age, gender, and puberty, and takes the interactions among these variables into account. In prepubertal and early pubertal children, the relationship between age and logIGF-I was positive, with greater effect in girls older than 8 yr. In mid-puberty, logIGF-I values were higher in girls than in boys of the same age, up to 16 yr of age. Among boys, the most pronounced positive relationship between age and logIGF-I occurred in mid-puberty, whereas the relationship between age and logIGF-I among girls in mid-puberty is fairly constant. In late puberty, logIGF-I values were higher than earlier in puberty, and there was a negative relationship with age in both boys and girls. Instead of separate models for each combination of puberty and gender, estimating a single regression model permits simultaneous estimation of all explanatory variables and uses all observations in the data set, thereby making it easier to select those variables that have a significant effect on logIGF-I. Our model shows that IGF-I levels are related to age during each stage of puberty. The model also accounts for the fact that serum IGF-I concentrations during puberty are different for boys and girls. FAU - Löfqvist, C
Association between individual fat depots and cardio-metabolic traits in normal- and overweight children, adolescents and adults.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To determine age-related associations between fat mass (FM), regional fat depots and cardiometabolic traits in normal- and overweight children, adolescents and adults. METHODS: Detailed body composition (regional subcutaneous and visceral adipose tissue; SAT, VAT) by whole-body magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), FM and fat-free mass by air-displacement plethysmography, systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SBP, DBP), triglycerides (TG), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL), plasma glucose and plasma insulin were measured in 433 subjects (BMI: 23.6 (21.0-27.7); 151 children and adolescents, aged 6-18 years, 150 young adults, aged 18-30 years and 132 adults, aged 30-60 years). Data were derived from pooled data of the 'Reference Center for Body Composition' in Kiel, Germany. Insulin resistance was determined by the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Partial correlations and multivariate linear regression analyses were used to evaluate the associations between body composition and cardiometabolic traits. A descriptive approach was used to demonstrate age-dependent differences in associations between body fat depots and insulin resistance, independent of BMI. RESULTS: FM, SAT, and VAT increased from childhood to adulthood with low VAT in children and adolescents. When compared to children, TG was higher in adults. HDL and DBP did not differ between age groups. Insulin resistance was highest in male adolescents and female young adults. Associations between body fat depots and cardiometabolic traits were seen after puberty with no associations in pre- and intrapubertal children. When compared to FM, SAT and VAT had the strongest association with insulin resistance in adults. This association was independent of BMI. CONCLUSIONS: Associations between individual body fat depots and most cardiometabolic traits became evident after puberty only. The strongest associations were observed between insulin resistance and abdominal fat in adults. The impact of VAT was independent of BMI. FAU - Hübers, M
Metabolomic profiling of fatty acid and amino acid metabolism in youth with obesity and type 2 diabetes: evidence for enhanced mitochondrial oxidation.$$$ OBJECTIVE: We compared acylcarnitine (AcylCN) species, common amino acid and fat oxidation (FOX) byproducts, and plasma amino acids in normal weight (NW; n = 39), obese (OB; n = 64), and type 2 diabetic (n = 17) adolescents. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Fasting plasma was analyzed by tandem mass spectrometry, body composition by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry and computed tomography, and total-body lipolysis and substrate oxidation by [(2)H(5)]glycerol and indirect calorimetry, respectively. In vivo insulin sensitivity (IS) was assessed with a 3-h hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp. RESULTS: Long-chain AcylCNs (C18:2-CN to C14:0-CN) were similar among the three groups. Medium- to short-chain AcylCNs (except C8 and C10) were significantly lower in type 2 diabetes compared with NW, and when compared with OB, C2-, C6-, and C10-CN were lower. Amino acid concentrations were lower in type 2 diabetes compared with NW. Fasting lipolysis and FOX were higher in OB and type 2 diabetes compared with NW, and the negative association of FOX to C10:1 disappeared after controlling for adiposity, Tanner stage, and sex. IS was lower in OB and type 2 diabetes with positive associations between IS and arginine, histidine, and serine after adjusting for adiposity, Tanner stage, and sex. CONCLUSIONS: These metabolomics results, together with the increased rates of in vivo FOX, are not supportive of defective fatty acid or amino acid metabolism in obesity and type 2 diabetes in youth. Such observations are consistent with early adaptive metabolic plasticity in youth, which over time-with continued obesity and aging-may become dysfunctional, as observed in adults. FAU - Mihalik, Stephanie J
Cortisol is negatively associated with insulin sensitivity in overweight Latino youth.$$$ CONTEXT AND OBJECTIVE: The purpose of the present study was to investigate the cross-sectional and longitudinal associations of serum morning cortisol and aspects of insulin action in Latino children and adolescents (8-13 yr) at risk for type 2 diabetes. DESIGN AND PARTICIPANTS: The present study includes a cross-sectional analysis in 211 participants and a longitudinal analysis in a subset of 143 participants. RESULTS: At baseline, cortisol was negatively associated with fasting glucose (r = 0.23; P < 0.01), β-cell function (disposition index, r = -0.24; P < 0.05), and acute insulin response to glucose (r = -0.27; P < 0.05). Baseline cortisol was also significantly related to the change in insulin sensitivity over 1 yr (r = -0.23; P < 0.05). These results did not differ by Tanner stage or sex. CONCLUSIONS: Cortisol contributes to the reduction in insulin sensitivity at an early age in Latino children and adolescents. Specifically, cortisol is negatively associated with potential compensatory mechanisms for insulin resistance, such as increased β-cell function and increased insulin release to a glucose challenge, by exacerbating the progression toward insulin resistance in this population. The results underline the relevance of glucocorticoid reduction for the prevention of metabolic disease in Latino children and adolescents. FAU - Adam, Tanja C
Longitudinal trajectories of BMI z-score: an international comparison of 11,513 Australian, American and German/Austrian/Luxembourgian youth with type 1 diabetes.$$$ BACKGROUND: BMI fluctuations during puberty are common. Data on individual change in BMI from childhood to young adulthood are limited in youth with type 1 diabetes. OBJECTIVES: To compare longitudinal trajectories of body mass index z score (BMIz) from childhood to adolescence across three registries spanning five countries. METHODS: Data sources: T1DX (USA), DPV (Germany/Austria/Luxembourg) and ADDN (Australia). The analysis included 11,513 youth with type 1 diabetes, duration >1 year, at least one BMI measure at baseline (age 8-10 years) and >5 aggregated BMI measures by year of age during follow-up until age 17 years. BMIz was calculated based on WHO charts. Latent class growth modelling was used to identify subgroups following a similar trajectory of BMIz over time. RESULTS: Five distinct trajectories of BMIz were present in the T1DX and ADDN cohorts, while six trajectories were identified in the DPV cohort. Boys followed more often a low/near-normal pattern while elevated BMIz curves were more likely in girls (ADDN; DPV). For T1DX cohort, no sex differences were observed. Comparing the reference group (BMIz ~0) with the other groups during puberty, higher BMIz was significantly associated with older age at T1D onset, racial/ethnic minority and elevated HbA1c (all p<0.05). CONCLUSION: This multinational study presents unique BMIz trajectories in youth with T1D across three continents. The prevalence of overweight and the longitudinal persistence of overweight support the need for close monitoring of weight and nutrition in this population. The international and individual differences likely result from diverse genetic, environmental and therapeutic factors.
Shared genetic aetiology of puberty timing between sexes and with health-related outcomes.$$$ Understanding of the genetic regulation of puberty timing has come largely from studies of rare disorders and population-based studies in women. Here, we report the largest genomic analysis for puberty timing in 55,871 men, based on recalled age at voice breaking. Analysis across all genomic variants reveals strong genetic correlation (0.74, P=2.7 × 10(-70)) between male and female puberty timing. However, some loci show sex-divergent effects, including directionally opposite effects between sexes at the SIM1/MCHR2 locus (Pheterogeneity=1.6 × 10(-12)). We find five novel loci for puberty timing (P<5 × 10(-8)), in addition to nine signals in men that were previously reported in women. Newly implicated genes include two retinoic acid-related receptors, RORB and RXRA, and two genes reportedly disrupted in rare disorders of puberty, LEPR and KAL1. Finally, we identify genetic correlations that indicate shared aetiologies in both sexes between puberty timing and body mass index, fasting insulin levels, lipid levels, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. FAU - Day, Felix R
Health and Lifestyle of Adult Patients with Congenital Isolated Growth Hormone Deficiency Treated in Childhood.$$$ BACKGROUND: Treatment of patients with childhood growth hormone deficiency is usually terminated at the end of puberty. Follow-up into adult age is rare, even more so in patients with congenital isolated growth hormone deficiency (cIGHD). OBJECTIVES: To assess the clinical and social characteristics of adults with cIGHD who received growth hormone (hGH) treatment in childhood. METHODS: Thirty-nine patients (23 men, 16 women) diagnosed in our clinic with cIGHD at 7 ± 4.2 years, and treated with hGH during childhood for 2-18 years, were followed into adulthood (mean age 30.7 ± 13.3 years). Ascertained detailed data were found for 32 patients. RESULTS: Mean ± SD height for males was 160.2 ± 10.6 cm and for females 146.4 ± 5.4 cm. All patients achieved full sexual development and 14 were married. After cessation of GH treatment and with advanced age all exhibited a progressive increase in adiposity to the degree of obesity. Twelve patients suffered from hyperlipidemia, 4 developed diabetes mellitus, and 5 have cardiovascular diseases. One patient died in an accident. None developed cancer. Of the 39 patients, 22 have an education level of high school or higher, and 2 are in special institutions. Most are employed in manual labor. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with congenital IGHD who do not receive early and regular replacement treatment are prone to lag in achieving normal height and suffer from educational and vocational handicaps. FAU - Ben-Nun Yaari, Efrat
Metabolic differences between short children with GH peak levels in the lower normal range and healthy children of normal height.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Severe growth hormone deficiency (GHD) leads to several metabolic effects in the body ranging from abnormal body composition to biochemical disturbances. However, less is known regarding these parameters in short children with GH peak levels in the lower normal range during provocation tests. Our aim was to study the metabolic profile of this group and compare it with that of healthy children of normal height. DESIGN: Thirty-five pre-pubertal short children (<-2.5 SDS) aged between 7 and 10years, with peak levels of GH between 7 and 14μg/L in an arginine insulin tolerance test (AITT), were compared with twelve age- and sex-matched children of normal height. The metabolic profile of the subjects was analysed by blood samples, DEXA, frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test, microdialysis and stable isotope examinations of rates of glucose production and lipolysis. RESULTS: There were no overall significant metabolic differences between the groups. However, in the subgroup analysis, the short children with GH peaks <10μg/L had significantly lower fasting insulin levels which also correlated to other metabolic parameters. CONCLUSION: The short pre-pubertal children with GH peak levels between 7 and 14μg/L did not differ significantly from healthy children of normal height but subpopulations within this group show significant metabolic differences.
Early menarche is independently associated with subclinical hypothyroidism: a cross-sectional study. LID - 10.1515/hmbci-2018-0079 [doi]$$$ Background Subclinical hypothyroidism (SH) is more frequent in females than males, with a female to male ratio ranging from 1.5 to 5 in the general population. The aim of this study was to evaluate for the first time the association of reproductive factors, particularly age at menarche, with SH risk. Materials and methods In a cross-sectional study, reproductive factors such as age at menarche, at menopause and at first birth, lactation, parity, full-term pregnancies, reproductive years, use of oral contraceptives and hormonal replacement therapy, somatometric data and insulin resistance parameters were recorded in 72 consecutive female patients with SH and 72 healthy female controls matched on age (±5 years) and date of diagnosis (±1 month). Results SH cases exhibited significantly younger age at menarche than controls (12.6 ± 1.2 vs. 13.3 ± 0.8 years, respectively, p < 0.001). Cases presented later age at first pregnancy with a lower number of full-term pregnancies (p = 0.04). Early age at menarche was independently associated with SH risk, above and beyond thyroid autoimmunity, body mass index (BMI), hip circumference (HC), homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance and alcohol consumption [odds ratio (OR): 0.22, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.11-0.44; p < 0.001]. Conclusions It is possible that an interplay of early exposure to estrogens, as expressed by early menarche, and induction of thyroid autoimmunity may be associated with SH risk. More prospective studies shedding light on the role of estrogens in SH are required to confirm these findings. FAU - Kotopouli, Marianna
Insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease risk factors in children of parents with the insulin resistance (metabolic) syndrome.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether children of parents with the insulin resistance syndrome (IRS) themselves have greater insulin resistance and unfavorable patterns of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This cross-sectional study included 220 white and 36 black children aged 11-15 years identified through a school-based blood pressure screening program, along with 378 of their parents. Measures of insulin resistance (glucose disposal per minute per kilogram of lean body mass in a euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp [Mlbm] and fasting insulin), adiposity, and other CVD risk factors were compared in children with and without a parental history of IRS, defined according to the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III consensus definition. RESULTS: Compared with children in whom neither parent had IRS, children who had at least one parent with the syndrome had statistically significantly lower mean Mlbm (12.1 vs. 13.6 mg.kg(-1).min(-1); P=0.04) and higher fasting insulin (geometric means 99 vs. 76 pmol/l; P=0.01) after adjustment for sex, race, age, and Tanner stage. Mean BMI, waist circumference, waist-to-hip ratio, triceps and subscapular skinfolds, and percentage of body fat were also significantly higher in children of an affected parent, but there were no significant differences in lipid or blood pressure levels between the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: Insulin resistance and obesity may be the earliest manifestations of IRS in children with a parental history of the syndrome. FAU - Pankow, James S
Relation of serum irisin level with metabolic and antropometric parameters in obese children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to investigate the relationship between serum irisin level and metabolic and anthropometric parameters in obese children. METHODS: The study included 36 obese children with a body mass index (BMI) of ≥95th percentile and 30 healthy children with a BMI ranging from the 5th to the 85th percentile. Healthy and obese children had similar age, gender and pubertal stage distribution. Anthropometric and biochemical parameters (fasting glucose, insulin, lipid profile, leptin and irisin levels) were measured. Bioelectric impedance analysis was used to determine the body composition parameters, including body fat percentage and fat mass. RESULTS: Serum irisin and leptin levels of the obese children were significantly higher than those of the healthy children [median irisin levels, 141.2 & 107.6ng/mL, p=0.024; median leptin levels, 10.9 & 2.9pg/mL, P<0.001, respectively). No statistically significant difference was found when leptin and irisin levels were compared among obese patients in terms of the presence of insulin resistance. Irisin levels significantly correlated with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), fasting insulin and homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) with adjustment for age and BMI. The multivariate regression analysis showed that age, HOMA-IR and HDL-C had a significant association with the serum irisin level, which explained 30.6% of the variance. CONCLUSION: This study demonstrated that obese children had significantly higher irisin levels than healthy children. Additionally, it provides evidence regarding the role of irisin on insulin sensitivity and lipid metabolism in childhood obesity.
Preconception Counseling for Adolescents and Young Adults with Diabetes: a Literature Review of the Past 10 Years.$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Women with diabetes who have unplanned pregnancies and uncontrolled blood sugars are at a higher risk for maternal and fetal morbidities and mortalities. Preconception counseling (PC) has been shown to decrease the risks and improve health outcomes. From 2009 to 2017, the American Diabetes Association has recommended that preconception counseling be given at each clinic visit for all women with diabetes of childbearing age starting at puberty (prior to sexual debut). RECENT FINDINGS: This article reports both national and international progress in PC efforts for adolescents and young adults (12-34 years) with diabetes over the past decade. Twenty-eight publications were identified and included in this article (11 were research, 12 clinical guidelines, and 5 reviews). Despite recommendations to start PC at puberty, only four studies had interventions that targeted the adolescent and young adult age group. Three of them were associated with the same PC awareness program. Positive outcomes were reported in all of these studies. Greater family vigilance was observed in a long-term follow-up of a cohort of women who received PC as teens. Adolescents should receive awareness PC. More early PC interventions and cohort follow-up studies are needed among adolescents and young adults, using technology that appeals to this age group. Programs should be expanded to include other populations like males with diabetes and females from other cultures and religions that would require program modification. FAU - Peterson-Burch, Frances
Adiponectin and the control of female reproductive functions.$$$ Adiponectin is the most abundant protein secreted by the white adipose tissue. It circulates at high levels in the bloodstream and its serum concentration is inversely correlated with body fat mass. The wide distribution of adiponectin receptors (AdipoR1, AdipoR2, and T-cadherin) in peripheral tissues and organs allows adiponectin to exert pleiotropic effects on whole-body metabolism. Besides its well-known antidiabetic, antiatherogenic, and anti-inflammatory properties, accumulating evidence suggests a direct role for adiponectin in reproductive tissues. The mammalian ovary and the ovarian follicle express AdipoR1 and AdipoR2, and treating pig granulosa cells with adiponectin induces changes characteristic of the periovulatory period. Moreover, additive effects are observed between adiponectin and insulin in induction of granulosa cell gene expression, thus suggesting that adiponectin actions on the ovary may be mediated through its insulin-sensitizing effects. Adiponectin receptors are also detected in the uterus. In women, higher AdipoR1 and AdipoR2 gene expression was observed during the mid-secretory phase of the menstrual cycle, suggesting that adiponectin is implicated in the endometrial changes in preparation for embryo implantation. Adiponectin receptors are found in oocytes and early developing pig, rabbit, and mice embryos, and it has been demonstrated that adiponectin can increase the success of porcine embryo development to the blastocyst stage in vitro. Moreover, adiponectin concentration is two to three times greater in human fetal circulation and in umbilical cord blood, compared to adult plasma. This further indicates a role for adiponectin in fetal growth. It has been further suggested that adipose-derived and locally produced adiponectin may act as a key neuromodulator of reproductive functions. For example, the inhibition of LH and GnRH release from rat pituitary and hypothalamic cells following treatment with adiponectin provides evidence that adiponectin may also act on the release of gonadotropins. Adipose tissue is now recognized as an important factor in the complex equation by which the nutritional status regulates female reproductive functions. For example, underweight women have delayed puberty and higher risk of premature delivery, whereas overweight and obese women have early puberty and are prone to develop polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and preeclampsia. Because hypoadiponectinemia is often associated with the abovementioned disorders, it has been suggested that this adipokine might play a role in the development of these pregnancy-related complications. Moreover, as these reproductive disorders often come with metabolic complications such as insulin and glucose resistance, the insulin-sensitizing effects of adiponectin may explain the observed association of this adipokine with PCOS, GDM, and preeclampsia. This review summarizes current knowledge on the role of adiponectin in female reproductive tissues and highlights mechanisms where information is available. We also discuss about the known and potential roles of adiponectin in the development of reproductive disorders.
Adiponectin is a Good Marker for Metabolic State among Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus Patients.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Adiponectin is secreted from adipose tissue. This hormone has a fundamental role in pathogenesis of insulin resistance, and has anti-inflammatory and anti-atherogenic effects. The objectives of this study were to compare serum adiponectin level between type 1 diabetics and healthy people and to assess its related factors, and also to determine the relationship between adiponectin and metabolic state. METHODS: This was a case control study involving 60 diabetics (25 good and 35 poor metabolic controlled) and 28 healthy persons (younger than 18 years old). The data about demographic (age and sex), clinical and paraclinical characteristics [body mass index (BMI), duration of disease, puberty state, and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) and adiponectin level in serum] were collected. Determinants of adiponectin were assessed using univariate and multiple linear regression analyses. FINDINGS: Mean (±SD) serum adiponectin level in healthy persons, good-controlled and poor-controlled type 1 diabetes mellitus patients were 9.16 (±4.2) µg/cc, 10.89 (±4.48)µg/cc, and 15.92 (±8.26)µg/cc, respectively. Post hoc analysis revealed that differences of adiponectin between poor- and good-controlled type 1 diabetes mellitus patients (P=0.01) and between healthy persons and poor controlled type 1 diabetes mellitus (P<0.0001) were statistically significant. Adiponectin level was associated with puberty state and BMI in healthy persons. It was associated with puberty state and HbA1c in type 1 diabetic persons. CONCLUSION: Serum level of adiponectin was higher in type 1 diabetics than in healthy persons and it can be used as a good marker for metabolic control state among diabetics. FAU - Karamifar, Hamdollah
Metabolic traits affecting growth rates of pre-pubertal calves and their relationship with subsequent survival.$$$ This study related growth and metabolic traits in Holstein-Friesian calves (n=45) to subsequent performance and longevity. Animals were measured at birth, 3, 6 and 9 months (weight, crown rump length (CRL), heart girth and height). Endocrine and metabolic traits were assessed at 6 months of age. These traits were not influenced by sire (n=5). Milk production and mortality records were obtained through 3 lactations. Seven heifers failed to achieve a lactation, 6 were culled after one, 17 after two and 15 (33%) survived >/=3 lactations. Birth weight and girth but not skeletal measures were highly positively correlated with the repeated size measurements at 3-9 months. Calves with higher cortisol at 6 months were smaller in weight and girth at 3 months, with reduced 3-6 months skeletal growth. GH secretion was related to height, weight and growth, whereas urea was most strongly related to CRL. Calves not achieving a single lactation had lower IGF-I. Calves with higher glucose or BHB were more likely to be culled after 2 lactations, an effect which was independent of yield. Size and metabolic measurements of growing calves may therefore prove useful in predicting longevity. FAU - Swali, A
Screen time and metabolic risk factors among adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine the association between screen time (ST) (ie, television/DVD/video and computer use) guidelines and risk factors for cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and fatty liver diseases in mid-adolescence. DESIGN: Cross-sectional. SETTING: High schools in Sydney, Australia. PARTICIPANTS: Grade 10 students (N = 496; 58% boys; mean [SD] age, 15.4 [0.4] years). MAIN EXPOSURES: Body mass index, waist circumference, cardiorespiratory endurance, dietary factors, socioeconomic status, and pubertal status. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Screen time was categorized as less than 2 hours per day or 2 or more hours per day and calculated for weekday, weekend, and the entire week. Fasting blood samples were analyzed for levels of high-density lipoprotein and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, insulin, and glucose; homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR); levels of alanine aminotransferase, gamma-glutamyltransferase, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein; and blood pressure. Abnormal results were categorized according to published guidelines. RESULTS: Mean ST for all students was 3.1 hours per day and for weekdays and weekend days, 2.6 hours per day and 4.4 hours per day, respectively. Boys were more likely to exceed ST guidelines than girls (odds ratio [OR], 2.71; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.67-4.38). There were no significant associations between ST guidelines and metabolic risk factors among girls. After adjusting for potential confounders, boys who exceeded ST guidelines on weekdays were more likely to have elevated HOMA-IR (adjusted OR, 2.42; 95% CI, 1.11-5.28) and insulin levels (adjusted OR, 2.73; 95% CI, 1.43-5.23). CONCLUSIONS: Adolescent boys with ST of 2 or more hours per day on weekdays have twice the risk of abnormal levels of insulin and HOMA-IR compared with peers with ST less than 2 hours per day on weekdays. These results suggest there is an increased risk of insulin resistance among adolescent boys who do not meet ST guidelines on weekdays. FAU - Hardy, Louise L
Increased prevalence of abnormal glucose tolerance among obese siblings of children with type 2 diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To test the hypothesis that overweight siblings of children with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) have a higher prevalence of abnormal glucose tolerance (AGT) compared with other overweight children. STUDY DESIGN: This was a cross-sectional study of overweight (body mass index [BMI] >or= 95(th) percentile) subjects, age 8 to 17 years, with at least 1 sibling age >or= 12 years. The primary outcome was AGT, as assessed by the oral glucose tolerance test (2-hour glucose >or= 140 mg/dL). The secondary outcome was insulin resistance by homeostasis model assessment (HOMA). RESULTS: The sibling (n=20) and control (n=42) groups were similar in terms of age, sex, racial distribution (largely African American), pubertal status, and BMI. The prevalence of AGT in the sibling group was 40.0% (n=8), compared with 14.3% (n=6) in controls (P= .048, Fisher exact test; unadjusted odds ratio=4.0; 95% confidence interval=1.2 to 13.5). Univariate analysis did not identify confounders for either outcome. There were no significant differences in HOMA or hemoglobin A1c between the 2 groups. CONCLUSIONS: Overweight siblings of children with T2DM had 4 times greater odds of having AGT compared with other overweight children. This group may represent a particularly high-risk population to target for screening and pediatric T2DM prevention. FAU - Magge, Sheela N
[High prevalence of dyslipidemia and high atherogenic index of plasma in children and adolescents].$$$ BACKGROUND: Dyslipidemias in childhood increase the risk of cardiovascular events in adult life. AIM: To evaluate the prevalence of dyslipidemia and risk of atherogenicity based in the atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) in a sample of school children and adolescents. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Cross-sectional study of 208 children aged 10.4 ± 1.0 years (107 women). Demographic data were obtained, and a clinical evaluation was conducted, including pubertal development according to Tanner and anthropometric parameters. A fasting blood sample was obtained to measure total cholesterol (CT), HDL cholesterol (cHDL) and triglycerides (TG), glucose and insulin. LDL cholesterol (cLDL), Non-HDL cholesterol and the indices CT/cHDL, cLDL/cHDL and AIP (log[TG/cHDL]) were calculated. Risk categories according to AIP for the pediatric population were also determined (low: AIP < 0.11, intermediate: AIP 0.11-0.21, high: AIP > 0.21). RESULTS: Thirty eight percent of participants had dyslipidemia, without differences by gender and pubertal development. The frequency of dyslipidemia was significantly higher in children with obesity (54%, p < 0.01) and a waist circumference over percentile 90 (61%; p < 0.01). The later conditions had also higher CT/cHDL, cLDL/cHDL and AIP. According to AIP, 54% of children had a high atherogenicity risk along with alterations in anthropometric parameters and insulin resistance. All anthropometric and insulin resistance parameters were significantly correlated with the AIP. CONCLUSIONS: There is a high prevalence of dyslipidemia in the studied population, which is associated with an increased cardiometabolic risk. The indices of atherogenicity and particularly AIP are correlated with nutritional status, abdominal obesity and parameters of insulin resistance. FAU - Sapunar, Jorge
[Glucose intolerance in obese children and adolescents].$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: The rise in the prevalence of glucose intolerance and type 2 diabetes mellitus in childhood and adolescence in recent decades appears to be closely related to the increase in the incidence of obesity in developed countries. We decided to establish the frequency of glucose intolerance and type 2 diabetes mellitus in a population of obese children and adolescents evaluated at our hospital. PATIENTS AND METHOD: Prospective study of 145 obese patients (60 boys: BMI 29.5 (4.9), BMI z score 4.4 (1.7); and 85 girls: BMI 28.8 (4.6), BMI z score 3.8 (1.4); age range: (4-18 years) who underwent an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) between 1998 and 2003. OGTT results were evaluated according to WHO criteria. Insulin secretion and sensitivity parameters (HOMA, QUICKI, area under the curve for glycemia, area under the curve for insulin and insulinogenic index) were also calculated. RESULTS: The frequency of glucose intolerance in the whole population was 19.2%. However, this prevalence varied with age and maturation stage (prepuberty 7.0%, puberty 28.2% and postpuberty 26.5%), and with the obesity degree (BMI z-score between +2 and +3: 8.9%; between +3 and +4: 21.9% and higher than +4: 25%). No type 2 diabetes mellitus cases were observed. CONCLUSIONS: Obese children and adolescents display an elevated incidence of glucose intolerance which seems to be related to the degree of adiposity. FAU - Yeste, Diego
Cumulative risk, age at onset, and sex-specific differences for developing end-stage renal disease in young patients with type 1 diabetes: a nationwide population-based cohort study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to estimate the current cumulative risk of end-stage renal disease (ESRD) due to diabetic nephropathy in a large, nationwide, population-based prospective type 1 diabetes cohort and specifically study the effects of sex and age at onset. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In Sweden, all incident cases of type 1 diabetes aged 0-14 years and 15-34 years are recorded in validated research registers since 1977 and 1983, respectively. These registers were linked to the Swedish Renal Registry, which, since 1991, collects data on patients who receive active uremia treatment. Patients with > or =13 years duration of type 1 diabetes were included (n = 11,681). RESULTS: During a median time of follow-up of 20 years, 127 patients had developed ESRD due to diabetic nephropathy. The cumulative incidence at 30 years of type 1 diabetes duration was low, with a male predominance (4.1% [95% CI 3.1-5.3] vs. 2.5% [1.7-3.5]). In both male and female subjects, onset of type 1 diabetes before 10 years of age was associated with the lowest risk of developing ESRD. The highest risk of ESRD was found in male subjects diagnosed at age 20-34 years (hazard ratio 3.0 [95% CI 1.5-5.7]). In female subjects with onset at age 20-34 years, the risk was similar to patients' diagnosed before age 10 years. CONCLUSIONS: The cumulative incidence of ESRD is exceptionally low in young type 1 diabetic patients in Sweden. There is a striking difference in risk for male compared with female patients. The different patterns of risk by age at onset and sex suggest a role for puberty and sex hormones. FAU - Möllsten, Anna
Acylated and unacylated ghrelin levels in normal weight and obese children: influence of puberty and relationship with insulin, leptin and adiponectin levels.$$$ BACKGROUND: Ghrelin circulates in blood as acylated (AG) and unacylated (UAG) ghrelin. The physiological role of the two forms is poorly understood, in particular in childhood. Aim of the study was to evaluate the AG and UAG levels in obese and normal weight (NW) children, pre-pubertal and pubertal, and their relationship with insulin, leptin and adiponectin levels. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: A population based study in which AG, UAG, leptin, adiponectin, glucose, insulin, testosterone or estradiol levels, insulinemic indexes were evaluated in 82 NW and 58 obese (OB) children. RESULTS: Both ghrelin forms in NW were higher (AG, p<0.02; UAG, p<0.0001) than in OB subjects, with similar ratio AG/UAG . While no differences were observed for gender, puberty AG (p<0.01) and UAG (p<0.0001) levels were higher in pre-pubertal than pubertal NW and OB subjects. Adiponectin levels in NW subjects were higher (p<0.001), while leptin and insulin levels were lower (p<0.0001) than in OB subjects. NW children showed homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) and HOMAβ indices lower than OB children (p<0.0001) with a higher a quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (p<0.0001). AG and UAG levels correlated to each other (p<0.0001), each showing a negative correlation to age, height, weight and body mass index. Both forms, but more strongly UAG, correlated with adiponectin, leptin, and insulin. CONCLUSIONS: OB children show lower levels of both AG and UAG when compared to NW subjects, with lower levels during puberty. These results demonstrate a peculiar strong relationship between UAG levels and metabolic parameters in the pediatric population, suggesting a role for UAG in metabolic functions. FAU - Bellone, S
Prepubertal children exposed to concentrated disadvantage: An exploratory analysis of inflammation and metabolic dysfunction.$$$ OBJECTIVE: It is unclear whether physiologic and metabolic biomarkers are associated with chronic stressors evidenced during early childhood. METHODS: Cross-sectional data were obtained from a cohort of healthy, prepubertal (Tanner stage < 2) children (n = 96; age: 8.06 [7.8] years; M = 51 [53%]; F = 45 [47%]; African-American = 26 [27%]; Caucasian = 70 [73%]; with obesity = 21 [22%]; without obesity = 75 [78%]) from the MET study. Body mass index z-score (z_BMI), total body fat (BF), visceral adipose tissue (VAT), intrahepatic and intramyocellular lipids, and insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) were measured. Chronic stress was assessed using neighborhood concentrated disadvantage index (CDI) for the U.S. Census tracts in which participants resided. Spearman's rank correlations were used to examine relationships, accounting for sex and race. RESULTS: CDI was not positively associated with inflammatory and metabolic markers of dysfunction. However, z_BMI (-0.234, P = 0.023), BF (-0.228, P = 0.028, n = 95), and VAT (-0.241, P = 0.042, n = 74) were significantly negatively associated with CDI. When stratifying by race, these relationships remained significant in Caucasian children only. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest chronic stress during early childhood is not associated with inflammatory and metabolic biomarkers, typically observed in adults. Therefore, exposure to stress during this critical developmental period may remain latent and emerge during a later developmental stage.
Thyroid autoimmunity and function among Ugandan children and adolescents with type-1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Up to 30% of type-1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) patients have co-existent thyroid autoimmunity with up to 50% of them having associated thyroid dysfunction. Routine screening for thyroid autoimmunity and dysfunction is recommended in all T1DM patients. However, this was not currently practiced in Ugandan paediatric diabetes clinics. There was also paucity of data regarding thyroid autoimmunity and dysfunction in African children and adolescents with diabetes mellitus. The objective of this study was to quantify the magnitude of thyroid autoimmunity and dysfunction in Ugandan children with TIDM. METHODS: This was a cross sectional descriptive study to determine the prevalence of thyroid autoantibodies and describe thyroid function among children and adolescents aged 1-19 years with diabetes mellitus attending the paediatric diabetes clinic at Mulago National Referral Hospital, Kampala, Uganda. Following enrollment, we obtained details of clinical history and performed physical examination. Blood (plasma) was assayed to determine levels of antibodies to thyroid peroxidase (antiTPO), free thyroxine (FT4) and thyrotropin (TSH). RESULTS: The prevalence of thyroid autoimmunity was 7.3% (5/69). All antiTPO positive subjects were post pubertal, aged between 13-17 years with females comprising 3/5 of the antiTPO positive subjects. All study subjects were clinically euthyroid; however, 7.3% (5/69) of the study subjects had subclinical hypothyroidism. CONCLUSION: These data strengthen the argument for routine screening of all diabetic children and adolescents for thyroid autoimmunity (particularly anti-TPO) as recommended by international guidelines. We also recommend evaluation of thyroid function in diabetic children and adolescents to minimize the risk of undiagnosed thyroid dysfunction. FAU - Muhame, Rugambwa Michael
Microalbuminuria in diabetic children and adolescents. Relationship with puberty and growth hormone.$$$ Urinary albumin excretion (UAE) was determined by radioimmunoassay in two 24 h urine collections from 125 diabetic children and adolescents and from 71 normal children matched for age and sex. Thirteen patients (10.4%) aged greater than 12 years had microalbuminuria, i.e. log transformed UAE levels above the upper normal range (24.5 mg/24 h). UAE values were positively correlated with age, GH secretion, but not with duration of disease, glycosylated hemoglobin, renal size or N-acetyl-beta-glucosaminidase excretion. Diabetic normoalbuminuric children aged 10 years and older had significantly higher UAE than controls and than younger diabetic patients matched for duration of disease. HLA DR3/DR4 heterozygosity frequency was significantly higher (p less than 0.01) in the microalbuminuric group than in the normoalbuminuric. All microalbuminuric subjects (n = 8) with short duration of disease (3.92 +/- 3.43 yr) developed diabetes at puberty. In conclusion, our cross-sectional study suggests: if a number of factors are combined, i.e. HLA DR3/DR4 heterozygosity, onset of disease at puberty and higher GH values, the probability of developing abnormal levels of UAE will increase. FAU - Salardi, S
Pronounced adrenarche and precocious pubarche in boys.$$$ In girls, pronounced adrenarche with precocious pubarche (PP) has been related to reduced fetal growth and to a cluster of endocrine-metabolic abnormalities. We examined whether these associations are also evident in boys with PP. The study population consisted of matched groups of boys (n = 58; age range 5-15 years) without or with a history of PP. After stratification for pubertal development, non-PP and PP boys displayed comparable results for the studied variables, including serum insulin-like growth factor I, sex hormone binding globulin, insulin-like growth factor binding proteins 1 and 3, indices of circulating glucose and insulin responsiveness to an oral glucose load, and birth weight SD score. In conclusion, the present results indicate that adrenarche-driven PP in boys is, in contrast to PP in girls, not associated with a cluster of endocrine-metabolic abnormalities and is not related to reduced fetal growth. These observations support the view that adrenarche-driven PP in boys may be regarded as a variant of normal development. Copyrightz1999S.KargerAG,Basel FAU - Potau, N
Linear growth and final height characteristics in adolescent females with anorexia nervosa.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Growth retardation is an established complication of anorexia nervosa (AN). However, findings concerning final height of AN patients are inconsistent. The aim of this study was to assess these phenomena in female adolescent inpatients with AN. METHODS: We retrospectively studied all 211 female adolescent AN patients hospitalized in an inpatient eating disorders department from 1/1/1987 to 31/12/99. Height and weight were assessed at admission and thereafter routinely during hospitalization and follow-up. Final height was measured in 69 patients 2-10 years after discharge. Pre-morbid height data was available in 29 patients. RESULTS: Patients' height standard deviation scores (SDS) on admission (-0.285±1.0) and discharge (-0.271±1.02) were significantly (p<0.001) lower than expected in normal adolescents. Patients admitted at age ≤13 years, or less than 1 year after menarche, were more severely growth-impaired than patients admitted at an older age, (p = 0.03). Final height SDS, available for 69 patients, was -0.258±1.04, significantly lower than expected in a normal population (p = 0.04), and was more severely compromised in patients who were admitted less than 1 year from their menarche. In a subgroup of 29 patients with complete growth data (pre-morbid, admission, discharge, and final adult height), the pre-morbid height SDS was not significantly different from the expected (-0.11±1.1), whereas heights at the other time points were significantly (p = 0.001) lower (-0.56±1.2, -0.52±1.2, and -0.6±1.2, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that whereas the premorbid height of female adolescent AN patients is normal, linear growth retardation is a prominent feature of their illness. Weight restoration is associated with catch-up growth, but complete catch-up is often not achieved. FAU - Modan-Moses, Dalit
Prediabetic obese adolescents have a more atherogenic lipoprotein profile compared with normoglycemic obese peers.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare lipoprotein profiles of prediabetic to normoglycemic obese adolescents. STUDY DESIGN: Cross-sectional study of 95 obese, pubertal adolescents (12-17 years), who underwent oral glucose tolerance test, lipid panel, and lipoprotein subclass particle analysis (nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy). Univariate and linear regression analyses compared prediabetic and normoglycemic groups. RESULTS: Of 95 obese adolescents enrolled in the study, 22.1% (n = 21) had prediabetes. They were similar to normoglycemic adolescents (n = 74) in age, race, body mass index, standard lipids, total low-density lipoprotein particles (LDL-P), and total high-density lipoprotein particles (HDL-P). However, prediabetics had higher concentrations of small LDL-P (714.0 ± 288.0 vs 537.7 ± 266.5 nmol/L, P = .01) and smaller LDL-P size (20.73 ± 0.41 vs 21.18 ± 0.65 nm, P = .003), than normoglycemic youth. Prediabetics had higher small HDL-P (18.5 ± 3.8 vs 16.6 ± 3.9 umol/L, P = .046), lower large HDL-P (4.49 ± 2.0 vs 6.32 ± 2.6 umol/L, P = .004), and smaller HDL-P size (8.73 ± 0.31 vs 9.01 ± 0.39 nm, P = .003). After adjusting for demographics, Tanner stage, and body mass index using multiple linear regression, all differences remained significant except for small HDL-P. After additional adjustment for Homeostasis Model Assessment-Insulin Resistance Index, only LDL-P size difference remained significant. CONCLUSION: Obese prediabetic adolescents have a significantly more atherogenic lipoprotein profile compared with obese normoglycemic peers. Prediabetic adolescents may benefit from more aggressive interventions to decrease future cardiovascular risk.
Growth and pubertal development in adolescent male wrestlers.$$$ BACKGROUNDː Adolescence is a crucial period for linear growth, and sports training during this time may have positive or negative effects on some physiological processes as growth. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effects of intense training during somatic growth on the onset of puberty and growth development in adolescent wrestlers. METHODS: Fifty adolescent male wrestlers and twenty-one sedentary healthy male controls aged between 13-15 years were selected. The wrestlers were from five different wrestling schools and were active at competitive level. The maturity status of the subjects and data about the anthropometric characteristics including age, body weight, height, and Body Mass Index (BMI) were evaluated. Serum testosterone, dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate, follicle stimulating hormone, luteinizing hormone, prolactin, cortisol, insulin like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) and free thyroxin were determined. RESULTS: Anthropometric characteristics and puberty levels according to the Tanner stage were similar in both groups. There were no significant differences between wrestlers and sedentary control groups in sex hormones, cortisol, IGF-1, prolactin levels (P>0.05) but TSH concentrations differed significantly (P=0.015). CONCLUSIONS: The results suggested that training in adolescent male wrestlers did not significantly change resting sex hormones or alter the onset of puberty as determined by assessment of pubertal stages. The wrestlers had lower body fat and greater energy expenditure per week, there were no significant differences in height, weight, or BMI. FAU - Pişkin, İbrahim E
Pubertal endocrinology of the baboon: elevated somatomedin-C/insulin-like growth factor I at puberty.$$$ Previous data suggested an increase in the rate of weight gain and linear growth in the baboon between 3 and 4 yr of age, similar to the pubertal growth spurt in man. In this cross-sectional study, radioimmunoassayable concentrations of somatomedin-C/insulin-like growth factor I(SM-C/IGF-I) were compared in prepubertal (less than 3 yr), pubertal (3-4 yr), and adult (greater than 10 yr) animals. SM-C/IGF-I concentrations in prepubertal males (0.97 +/- 0.10 U/ml) were low and were not different from those in prepubertal females (0.98 +/- 0.15 U/ml). Between 3 and 4 yr, SM-C/IGF-I increased significantly in both sexes (8.87 +/- 0.74 and 5.27 +/- 0.52 U/ml, male and female, respectively) and decreased (5.92 +/- 1.2 and 2.75 +/- 0.13 U/ml, respectively) in animals greater than 10 yr of age. Sex differences were significant in the 3- to 4-yr-old animals (male greater than female, P less than 0.001). The pubertal elevation in SM-C/IGF-I concentrations is coincident with increases in indices of somatic growth and sexual maturation in the baboon. These and other data suggest that this animal may be an appropriate model for studies to define hormonal mechanisms of pubertal growth. FAU - Copeland, K C
Severe diabetic retinopathy in adolescents.$$$ This paper reports on 9 patients aged 13-18 years (mean 15.4) with severe diabetic retinopathy. Two patients were prepubertal and 4 were going through puberty. Hypertension was present in 2 patients, while 4 had proteinuria. Severe preproliferative disease was present in 3 patients initially and proliferative retinopathy in the remainder. In 5 this retinopathy was considered to be florid. Two patients seen prior to 1975 had pituitary ablation, while those seen after 1975 were treated by extensive argon and xenon arc photocoagulation. Proliferative lesions regressed in both groups. At the latest follow-up 7 of the 9 patients achieved a final visual acuity of 6/9 or better in at least one eye. One patient became blind. Proliferative retinopathy advances rapidly in adolescents, but photocoagulation, as used now, can maintain vision in most. FAU - Kingsley, R
Video game playing time and cardiometabolic risk in adolescents: the AFINOS study.$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: We aimed to examine the association of video games playing time with cardiometabolic risk biomarkers in adolescents. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: This study comprised 181 adolescents (88 girls), aged 13- to 17 years old. Moderate-to-vigorous physical activity (MVPA) was measured by accelerometry, and video game playing time in computer and console was self-reported. Waist circumference, systolic blood pressure (BP) and diastolic BP, mean arterial pressure, HDL-cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, total cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, insulin, and apolipoproteins A-1 and B-100 were measured. RESULTS: Computer games use was not significantly associated with any biomarker (P>0.1) but the time spent using console games was positively associated with diastolic BP, mean arterial pressure, triglycerides, and a clustered cardiometabolic risk score. These results were independent of age, sex, pubertal stage, MVPA, and WC. CONCLUSION: These results support some evidence regarding a plausible unfavorable role of playing (console) video games on cardiometabolic health in adolescence.
Obesity and Related Metabolic Biomarkers and Its Association with Serum Levels of Estrogen in Pre-pubertal Chilean Girls.$$$ Purpose: Recent reports show that girls with higher body mass index (BMI) have an earlier puberty onset (thelarche). It has been suggested that earlier puberty is a consequence of higher levels of estrogen due to increased aromatization of androgens in adipose tissue. Thus, we aimed to assess the relation between serum levels of estrogen and excess weight (BMI ≥1SD) and central adiposity (>75th percentile for waist circumference) in prepubertal girls at age 7.Materials and Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study within the Growth and Obesity Cohort Study of 1190 low-middle income children from Santiago, Chile. We selected a random sample of 107 prepubertal girls at age 7. A trained dietitian measured weight, height and waist circumference. Additionally, a fasting blood sample was collected to measure serum levels of estradiol equivalents (via ultrasensitive recombinant cell bioassay), dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS), insulin, insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1), and leptin.Results: Excess weight was observed in 40% of our sample; 11.2% had high central adiposity, and the mean level of estradiol equivalents was 3.6 ± 2.3 pg/ml. In the univariate and multivariate analyzes, we did not observe an association between excess weight, central adiposity and estradiol equivalent levels; however, insulin was inversely associated with the serum level of estradiol equivalents.Conclusions: Our participants had a mean level of estradiol equivalents of 3.6 pg/ml (±2.3 pg/ml) at the pre-pubertal stage. However, with the exception of insulin, we did not observe an association between estradiol equivalents and markers of adiposity and metabolic and hormonal factors. FAU - Mesa Valencia, Diana Carolina
Sex Differences in Associations of Adiposity Measures and Insulin Resistance in US Hispanic/Latino Youth: The Hispanic Community Children's Health Study/Study of Latino Youth (SOL Youth).$$$ CONTEXT: US Hispanic/Latino youth are disproportionally affected by the obesity and diabetes. OBJECTIVE: We examined associations of adiposity measures with insulin resistance (IR) and hyperglycemia and the influences of sex and pubertal development on these associations. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: We performed a cross-sectional analysis of 1223 8- to 16-year-old Hispanic/Latino youth from a community-based study in the United States (SOL Youth). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: We measured IR (≥75th percentile of sex-specific Homeostatic Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance) and hyperglycemia (fasting glucose ≥100 mg/dL or hemoglobin a1c ≥5.7%). RESULTS: In boys, body mass index (BMI) showed the strongest association with IR [prevalence ratio (PR), 2.10; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.87 to 2.36 per standard deviation], which was not statistically different compared with body fat percentage (%BF) (PR, 2.03; 95% CI, 1.81 to 2.29) and waist circumference (WC) (PR, 1.89; 95% CI, 1.67 to 2.13) but was significantly stronger compared with fat mass index (FMI) (PR, 1.79; 95% CI, 1.63 to 1.96), waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) (PR, 1.32; 95% CI, 1.21 to 1.44), and waist-to-height ratio (WHtR) (PR, 1.76; 95% CI, 1.54 to 2.01) (P for difference, <0.05). In girls, %BF (PR, 2.73; 95% CI, 2.34 to 3.20) showed a significantly stronger association with IR compared with BMI (PR, 1.48; 95% CI, 1.29 to 1.70), FMI (PR, 1.71; 95% CI, 1.49 to 1.95), WC (PR, 1.96; 95% CI, 1.70 to 2.27), WHR (PR, 1.95; 95% CI, 1.70 to 2.23), and WHtR (PR, 1.79; 95% CI, 1.53 to 2.09) (P for difference, <0.003). Associations between adiposity measures and IR were generally stronger among children in puberty versus those who had completed puberty, with significant interactions for WC and WHtR in boys and for BMI in girls (P for interaction, <0.01). Adiposity measures were modestly associated with hyperglycemia (PR, 1.14 to 1.25), with no interactions with sex or pubertal status. CONCLUSIONS: Sex and puberty may influence associations between adiposity measures and IR in US Hispanic/Latino youth. Multiple adiposity measures are needed to better assess IR risk between boys and girls according to pubertal status.
A microsatellite polymorphism in IGF1 gene promoter and timing of natural menopause in Caucasian women.$$$ BACKGROUND: Genes involved in the IGF-1 aging pathways in the human ovary can be considered strong candidates for predictors of the natural menopause timing. This study evaluates the association between a cytosine-adenine (CA) microsatellite polymorphism in the IGF1 gene promoter P1 and age at natural menopause. METHODS: Genomic DNA was extracted from the peripheral blood, PCR was performed using primers designed to amplify the polymorphic (CA) n repeat of the human IGF1 gene, an allele dose effect for the most common (CA)19 repeats allele, Cox proportional hazard regression models and the Kaplan-Meier cumulative survivorship method with the log-rank test were used to determine statistical significance of studied associations in a sample of 257 Polish women aged 40-58 years. RESULTS: Crude Cox proportional hazard regression analysis confirmed the association between the IGF1 gene polymorphism and the menopause timing (p=0.038). This relationship remained statistically significant after controlling for other menopause confounders in multivariate modelling. Out of the input variables, the (CA)n polymorphism in the IGF1 gene promoter, age at menarche and smoking status were independent covariates of the natural menopause timing (χ2=12.845; df=3; p=0.034). The onset of menopause at a younger age was likely associated with the IGF1 genotype variant not carrying the (CA)19 repeats allele, menarche before the age of 12 and a current cigarette smoker status (HR=1.6). CONCLUSION: This study provides evidence that a common cytosine-adenine (CA) microsatellite repeat polymorphism in the P1 promoter region of the IGF1 gene is an independent predictive factor for age at natural menopause in Caucasian women also after adjusting for other menopause covariates. FAU - Kaczmarek, Maria
Precocious puberty: an endocrine manifestation in congenital toxoplasmosis.$$$ We reviewed retrospectively seven children with congenital toxoplasmosis and precocious puberty. All seven showed very high levels of LH (25.2-155.0 IU/ml) and FSH (7.1-38.2) upon stimulation with GnRH. Three of them showed low GH response to an insulin tolerance test. All the children had severe mental retardation. We emphasize that children with congenital toxoplasmosis should have their hypothalamopituitary function evaluated even in subclinical situations that could be responsible for endocrinological disturbances such as precocious puberty. FAU - Setian, Nuvarte
Diabetes nurse educators and preconception counseling.$$$ PURPOSE: The purpose of this study was to examine the diabetes nurse educator's role, practice, and training in preconception counseling (PC) when caring for adolescents with diabetes. METHODS: A descriptive, correlational research design, using a cross-sectional survey technique, was used. Subjects were 2003 registered nurse members of the American Association of Diabetes Educators. A survey instrument was developed by the investigator and placed on the World Wide Web. RESULTS: Although most of the diabetes nurse educators were aware of PC, most reported not having received any training in PC and would benefit from this education. Thirty percent of the respondents did not routinely provide PC to their adult female clients, and 40% did not provide this to adolescents. CONCLUSIONS: Results of this study suggest that the diabetes nurse educators in this sample would benefit from receiving instruction about PC. The diabetes nurse educators should be trained to provide PC to all female clients with diabetes of childbearing age starting at puberty. FAU - Michel, Brenda
Period prevalence of abnormal glucose tolerance and cardiovascular risk factors among obese children attending an obesity centre in Italy.$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIM: Several reports have described an increasing prevalence and incidence of type 2 diabetes among children. Limited information is available about the prevalence of impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and type 2 diabetes in obese children, particularly in Europe. The aim of this study was to examine the prevalence of glucose intolerance and other cardiovascular risk factors in obese children over a 24-year period. METHODS AND RESULTS: The study population consisted of 1376 consecutive subjects who attended a national centre for the study of obesity between 1979 and 2002. Subjects were divided into three successive 8-year cohorts: cohort 1 (period 1979-1986, n=453, male: 39%), cohort 2 (period 1987-1994, n=409, male: 46%), cohort 3 (period 1995-2002, n=514, male: 48%). All subjects underwent an oral glucose tolerance test. Lipids, blood pressure, uric acid, C-reactive protein (CRP), fasting insulin and birth weight were recorded. Insulin resistance was measured by homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR). The degree of obesity was higher in the more recent cohorts (standard deviation score of body mass index: 3.3+/-0.04 vs. 3.7+/-0.04 vs. 3.8+/-0.03, P<0.0001). The proportion of subjects with glucose intolerance was lower in the last two cohorts compared with the first one (11.2% vs. 3.9% vs. 6.0%, P<0.0001). This was predominantly due to changes in the frequency of IGT (9.1% vs. 3.2% vs. 5.4%, P<0.001 in cohorts 1, 2 and 3, respectively) while the prevalence of undiagnosed type 2 diabetes and impaired fasting glucose was similar in the three cohorts (0.9% vs. 0% vs. 0.2% and 1.3% vs. 0.7% vs. 0.4%, respectively). After adjustment for differences in age, sex, pubertal status and birth weight the levels of fasting insulin, HOMA-IR, total cholesterol, triglycerides and blood pressure, were significantly lower in cohorts 2 and 3 than in cohort 1 while CRP and uric acid were higher in the last two cohorts. CONCLUSION: Over a recent period spanning 24 years, the degree of obesity has risen but the prevalence of glucose intolerance has fallen in obese children admitted to an obesity centre. This was accompanied by an improvement in traditional but a worsening in non-traditional risk factors for cardiovascular disease. FAU - Invitti, Cecilia
Prevalence of the metabolic syndrome among a racially/ethnically diverse group of U.S. eighth-grade adolescents and associations with fasting insulin and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance levels.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to report the prevalence of the International Diabetes Federation (IDF)-defined metabolic syndrome and its components among a cross-sectional sample of racially/ethnically diverse eighth grade youths and examine the association between the presence of the syndrome and participant fasting insulin and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) levels. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Data were from a cross-sectional study with 1,453 racially/ethnically diverse eighth grade students from 12 middle schools in three U.S. states (Texas, North Carolina, and California). Height, weight, waist circumference, and blood pressure were recorded. Fasting blood samples were analyzed for triglycerides, HDL cholesterol, glucose, and insulin; HOMA-IR was calculated. Sex, race/ethnicity, and pubertal stage were self-reported. IDF criteria were used to determine the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome. The odds ratio for being classified with the syndrome was calculated by quintiles of fasting insulin and HOMA-IR. RESULTS: Of the sample, 138 students (9.5%) were classified with metabolic syndrome. Hispanics were more likely to have high abdominal adiposity and high triglycerides. Male adolescents were more likely to have high triglycerides, low HDL cholesterol, high blood pressure, and high fasting glucose. Participants in the highest insulin quintile were almost 200 times more likely to be classified with the syndrome than participants in the lowest quintile with comparable associations for HOMA-IR quintiles. CONCLUSIONS: In a racially/ethnically diverse sample of U.S. adolescents, 9.5% of participants were identified with the metabolic syndrome using the IDF criteria. The likelihood of metabolic syndrome classification significantly increased with higher insulin and HOMA-IR values.
Age at menopause, reproductive life span, and type 2 diabetes risk: results from the EPIC-InterAct study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Age at menopause is an important determinant of future health outcomes, but little is known about its relationship with type 2 diabetes. We examined the associations of menopausal age and reproductive life span (menopausal age minus menarcheal age) with diabetes risk. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Data were obtained from the InterAct study, a prospective case-cohort study nested within the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition. A total of 3,691 postmenopausal type 2 diabetic case subjects and 4,408 subcohort members were included in the analysis, with a median follow-up of 11 years. Prentice weighted Cox proportional hazards models were adjusted for age, known risk factors for diabetes, and reproductive factors, and effect modification by BMI, waist circumference, and smoking was studied. RESULTS: Mean (SD) age of the subcohort was 59.2 (5.8) years. After multivariable adjustment, hazard ratios (HRs) of type 2 diabetes were 1.32 (95% CI 1.04-1.69), 1.09 (0.90-1.31), 0.97 (0.86-1.10), and 0.85 (0.70-1.03) for women with menopause at ages <40, 40-44, 45-49, and ≥55 years, respectively, relative to those with menopause at age 50-54 years. The HR per SD younger age at menopause was 1.08 (1.02-1.14). Similarly, a shorter reproductive life span was associated with a higher diabetes risk (HR per SD lower reproductive life span 1.06 [1.01-1.12]). No effect modification by BMI, waist circumference, or smoking was observed (P interaction all > 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Early menopause is associated with a greater risk of type 2 diabetes. FAU - Brand, Judith S
Growth status of children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Growth parameters are important indicators of a child's overall health, and they are influenced by factors like blood glucose control in diabetic children. Data on growth parameters of Indian diabetic children is scarce. This retrospective, cross-sectional, case control study was conducted at diabetes clinic for children at a tertiary care center at Pune, to study growth parameters of diabetic children in comparison with age-gender matched healthy controls and evaluate effect of different insulin regimes and age at diagnosis of diabetes on growth. MATERIALS AND METHODS: ONE TWENTY FIVE DIABETIC CHILDREN (BOYS: 50) and age gender matched healthy controls were enrolled. All subjects underwent anthropometric measurements (standing height and weight). Mean height (HAZ), weight (WAZ) and body mass index (BAZ) for age Z scores were calculated. Diabetes control was evaluated by measuring glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1C). Statistical analysis was done by SPSS version 12. RESULTS: Mean age of diabetic children and age gender matched controls was 9.7 ± 4.4 years. Diabetic children were shorter (128.3 ± 24.3 cm vs. 133.6 ± 24.7 cm) and lighter (29.2 kg ± 15.3 vs. 31.3 ± 15.4 kg). HAZ (-1.1 ± 1.2 vs. -0.2 ± 0.8) and WAZ (-1.2 ± 1.3 vs. -0.7 ± 1.3) were significantly lower in diabetic children (P < 0.05). Children on both insulin regimes (intensive and conventional) were shorter than controls (HAZ-intensive -1.0 ± 1.0, conventional -1.3 ± 1.3, control -0.2 ± 0.8, P < 0.05). HAZ of children who were diagnosed at <3 years of age was the least (-1.6 ± 1) amongst all diabetic children while those diagnosed after puberty (>14 years) were comparable to healthy controls. CONCLUSIONS: Growth was compromised in diabetic children in comparison to controls. Children diagnosed at younger age need more attention to optimize growth. FAU - Khadilkar, Vaman V
[Algorithms based on medico-administrative data in the field of endocrine, nutritional and metabolic diseases, especially diabetes].$$$ BACKGROUND: Medico-administrative databases represent a very interesting source of information in the field of endocrine, nutritional and metabolic diseases. The objective of this article is to describe the early works of the Redsiam working group in this field. METHODS: Algorithms developed in France in the field of diabetes, the treatment of dyslipidemia, precocious puberty, and bariatric surgery based on the National Inter-schema Information System on Health Insurance (SNIIRAM) data were identified and described. RESULTS: Three algorithms for identifying people with diabetes are available in France. These algorithms are based either on full insurance coverage for diabetes or on claims of diabetes treatments, or on the combination of these two methods associated with hospitalizations related to diabetes. Each of these algorithms has a different purpose, and the choice should depend on the goal of the study. Algorithms for identifying people treated for dyslipidemia or precocious puberty or who underwent bariatric surgery are also available. CONCLUSION: Early work from the Redsiam working group in the field of endocrine, nutritional and metabolic diseases produced an inventory of existing algorithms in France, linked with their goals, together with a presentation of their limitations and advantages, providing useful information for the scientific community. This work will continue with discussions about algorithms on the incidence of diabetes in children, thyroidectomy for thyroid nodules, hypothyroidism, hypoparathyroidism, and amyloidosis.
Simple fasting methods to assess insulin sensitivity in childhood.$$$ The 'gold standard' techniques used to measure insulin sensitivity in children are the hyperinsulinaemic-euglycaemic clamp and Bergman's minimal model. Although precise, these techniques are complex, invasive and time consuming. Alternative indirect measures of insulin sensitivity have been developed that utilize fasting glucose and insulin data in algorithms or computer programs. These methods include homeostatic model assessment (HOMA), the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) and the glucose to insulin ratio (G:I). Each of these three fasting techniques has been developed and validated in adults, with little or no validation in children. Increasingly, HOMA and QUICKI are being used in childhood studies to assess insulin sensitivity. In a group of 79 pre-pubertal children, we found that the correlation between the minimal model and RHOMA (r = -0.4) was no better than that between the minimal model and fasting insulin (r = 0.4), with an even weaker correlation between the minimal model and QUICKI (r = 0.2). In addition, neither HOMA nor QUICKI were able to detect a reduction in insulin sensitivity with obesity or during growth hormone therapy, unlike the minimal model. In children with normal glucose levels, neither HOMA nor QUICKI was superior to fasting insulin. Validation of the derivation formulae for these methods in children is needed before they are more widely used. The potential benefits of these simple fasting techniques is that they are useful in large field studies. However, if the study groups are small or longitudinal changes in insulin sensitivity are sought, more precise techniques such as the clamp or minimal model should be used.
The association between birth weight and capillary recruitment is independent of blood pressure and insulin sensitivity: a study in prepubertal children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Alterations in microvascular function have been hypothesized as a possible mechanism explaining the negative association of weight at birth with blood pressure and insulin resistance in adult life. However, these variables are closely associated, so that it has been difficult to establish whether microvascular dysfunction is a cause or a consequence of increased blood pressure or insulin resistance. DESIGN: Cohort study. SETTING: VU University Medical Center, Amsterdam, The Netherlands. SUBJECTS: Twenty-one prepubertal healthy children showing a wide range in birth weight. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Birth weight data were obtained from hospital records. Blood pressure was measured with an ambulatory 24-h blood pressure monitor, and insulin sensitivity was assessed with the hyperinsulinaemic euglycaemic clamp technique. Microvascular function (i.e. capillary recruitment during post-occlusive reactive hyperaemia and endothelium (in)dependent vasodilatation of the skin) was evaluated by videomicroscopy and iontophoresis of acetylcholine and sodium nitroprusside. RESULTS: Birth weight was positively and significantly associated with capillary recruitment [slope, 22%/kg birth weight; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.1-43; 0.05]. Birth weight was not associated with insulin sensitivity and systolic blood pressure (slope, -0.11 mg/kg per min per pmol/l; 95% CI, -2.4 to 2.2; = 0.9; and slope, 1.4 mmHg; 95% CI, -5.0 to 7.7/kg birth weight; = 0.7, respectively). The association between low birth weight and impaired capillary recruitment was not affected by adjustment for blood pressure and insulin sensitivity. Birth weight was not associated with endothelium-(in)dependent vasodilatation. CONCLUSION: These results suggest that the association between birth weight and capillary recruitment is independent of blood pressure and insulin sensitivity. These findings are consistent with the hypothesis that an impaired capillary recruitment plays a mechanistic role in the association of birth weight with blood pressure and insulin resistance in adult life. FAU - IJzerman, Richard G
Menstrual patterns and risk of adult-onset diabetes mellitus.$$$ We examined the association between menstrual patterns and risk of developing adult-onset diabetes in a prospective study of 668 white, college-educated women who completed menstrual diaries throughout their reproductive years. We calculated summary measures of cycle length and variability and bleeding duration for ages < or = 22, 23-27, 28-32, and 33-37 years. The analysis included 35,418 person-years of follow-up and 49 self-reported cases of diabetes (median age at diagnosis, 63 years). There was no association between diabetes risk and age at menarche, mean cycle length, cycle variability, or frequency of long cycles (> 42 days). Longer bleeding periods in the mid- and late reproductive years were somewhat associated with an increased risk of diabetes (adjusted rate ratio 1.4, 95% confidence interval 1.0-1.8 per day increase in bleeding duration for menses during ages 28-32). These results do not support the association of long or irregular menstrual cycles with post-menopausal diabetes incidence, but do suggest a possible association of longer bleeding duration with subsequent onset of diabetes. FAU - Cooper, G S
Improvements in the life expectancy of type 1 diabetes: the Pittsburgh Epidemiology of Diabetes Complications study cohort.$$$ Survival in type 1 diabetes has improved, but the impact on life expectancy in the U.S. type 1 diabetes population is not well established. Our objective was to estimate the life expectancy of the Pittsburgh Epidemiology of Diabetes Complications (EDC) study cohort and quantify improvements by comparing two subcohorts based on year of diabetes diagnosis (1950-1964 [n = 390] vs. 1965-1980 [n = 543]). The EDC study is a prospective cohort study of 933 participants with childhood-onset (aged <17 years) type 1 diabetes diagnosed at Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh from 1950 to 1980. Mortality ascertainment was censored 31 December 2009. Abridged cohort life tables were constructed to calculate life expectancy. Death occurred in 237 (60.8%) of the 1950-1964 subcohort compared with 88 (16.2%) of the 1965-1980 subcohort. The life expectancy at birth for those diagnosed 1965-1980 was ~15 years greater than participants diagnosed 1950-1964 (68.8 [95% CI 64.7-72.8] vs. 53.4 [50.8-56.0] years, respectively) (P < 0.0001); this difference persisted regardless of sex or pubertal status at diagnosis. This improvement in life expectancy emphasizes the need for insurance companies to update analysis of the life expectancy of those with childhood-onset type 1 diabetes because weighting of insurance premiums is based on outdated estimates. FAU - Miller, Rachel G
The changing natural history of nephropathy in type I diabetes.$$$ Events in the natural history of diabetic nephropathy (including the onset of persistent proteinuria and end-stage renal failure) were studied in a cohort of 292 patients with juvenile-onset type I diabetes who were followed for 20 to 40 years. The risk of persistent proteinuria increased rapidly between the fifth and 15th years of diabetes and declined thereafter. This pattern suggests that susceptibility to this complication was limited to a subset of patients and was exhausted over time. Patients with the most frequent severe hyperglycemia (the highest quartile) during the first 15 years of diabetes had a risk of persistent proteinuria that was four and a half times higher than that for those with the least frequent hyperglycemia (the lowest quartile). Patients whose diabetes was diagnosed in the 1930s had twice the risk of persistent proteinuria as those in whom the condition was diagnosed in later decades. Once persistent proteinuria appeared, progression to renal failure almost always followed. Half reached this stage within 10 years, and the interval for progression did not vary according to sex, frequency of hyperglycemia, or calendar year of diagnosis of diabetes. This period, however, was significantly shorter (eight versus 14 years) for patients whose diabetes was diagnosed after puberty than for those who were younger at onset. In conclusion, the development of diabetic nephropathy consists of at least two stages. The onset of proteinuria, although related to the level of exposure to hyperglycemia, appears to be influenced by genetic and/or environmental factors. The second stage, progression to renal failure, seems to be influenced by processes related to maturation or aging. FAU - Krolewski, A S
Correlates of obesity in postmenopausal women with breast cancer: comparison of genetic, demographic, disease-related, life history and dietary factors.$$$ BACKGROUND: Obesity in women has been associated with a variety of factors, including genetic predisposition, social class, early age at menarche, exercise, alcohol consumption and diet. Obesity is a risk factor for the occurrence and the recurrence of breast cancer in postmenopausal women, perhaps because of increased exposure to estrogen, insulin and insulin-like growth factors (IGFs). The progesterone receptor (PR) and the steroid hormone receptor coactivator pCIP/ACTR/AIB1/TRAM1/RAC3 (AIB1) are hypothesized to mediate signaling crosstalk between these hormonal pathways. Polymorphisms in both genes have been described and their association with breast cancer risk reported. If genetic factors contribute to obesity, and the PR and AIB1 genes influence estrogenic, insulin and IGF pathways, then genetic patterns resulting from PR and AIB1 polymorphisms may be associated with obesity in postmenopausal women. OBJECTIVE: We compared the PR and AIB1 genotypes of postmenopausal women with breast cancer with demographic, disease-related, reproductive, lifestyle and dietary variables in terms of the strength of their relationship with obesity (BMI> or =30 kg/m2). SUBJECTS: A total of 301 postmenopausal women previously diagnosed with Stage I, II or IIIA breast cancer, who are enrolled in the Women's Healthy Eating and Living (WHEL) study (age: 34.5-70.8 y, BMI: 17.8-54.6 kg/m2). MEASUREMENTS: The PR polymorphism PROGINS was identified by PCR. The length of the AIB1 polyglutamine repeat was determined by PCR and nondenaturing gel electrophoresis or DNA sequencing. BMI was obtained at the baseline clinic visit upon entry into the WHEL study. Information about date of diagnosis, stage of disease, tumor hormone receptor status and adjuvant treatment received were obtained from medical records. Reproductive, menstrual history, demographic, family history of cancer, smoking history and exercise frequency and intensity information were obtained from questionnaires. Dietary and alcohol intake data came from four 24-h telephone recalls of food intake obtained at the study entry. RESULTS: The combined inheritance of PROGINS A1/A1 and AIB1 28/29, 28/30, 28/31, 29/29 or 29/30 (AIB1 LG) genotypes (adjusted odds ratio (OR)=2.22 (95% confidence interval 1.25-3.93)) and early age at menarche (<12 y) (adjusted OR=2.34 (1.12-4.86)) were each associated with the risk for obesity. Current use of tamoxifen (adjusted OR=0.49 (0.28-0.87)) and an alcohol intake > or =10 g/day (adjusted OR=0.28 (0.11-0.77)) were inversely associated with BMI > or =30 kg/m2. CONCLUSION: Early age at menarche and a PROGINS A1/A1+AIB1 LG genetic pattern had comparable levels of association with obesity in this cross-sectional sample of postmenopausal women with breast cancer. Since this was a cross-sectional rather than a case-control design, the association between PROGINS and AIB1 genotype and obesity found in this sample should be considered preliminary, and must be re-evaluated with a new and larger sample. FAU - Wasserman, L
Temporal relationship between insulin sensitivity and the pubertal decline in physical activity in peripubertal Hispanic and African American females.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Little attention has been paid to possible intrinsic biological mechanisms for the decline in physical activity that occurs during puberty. This longitudinal observational study examined the association between baseline insulin sensitivity (SI) and declines in physical activity and increases in sedentary behavior in peripubertal minority females over a year. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Participants were Hispanic and African American girls (n = 55; 76% Hispanic; mean age 9.4 years; 36% obese). SI and other insulin indices were measured at baseline using the frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test. Physical activity was measured on a quarterly basis by accelerometry and self-report. RESULTS: Physical activity declined by 25% and time spent in sedentary behaviors increased by ∼13% over 1 year. Lower baseline SI predicted the decline in physical activity measured by accelerometry, whereas higher baseline acute insulin response to glucose predicted the decline in physical activity measured by self-report. Time spent in sedentary behavior increased by ~13% over 1 year, and this was predicted by lower baseline SI. All models controlled for adiposity, age, pubertal stage, and ethnicity. CONCLUSIONS: When evaluated using a longitudinal design with strong outcome measures, this study suggests that lower baseline SI predicts a greater decline in physical activity in peripubertal minority females. FAU - Spruijt-Metz, Donna
Insulin sensitivity in Turner's syndrome: influence of GH treatment.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Excessive GH secretion may lead to secondary diabetes mellitus, while prolonged GH treatment may accelerate the onset of type 2 diabetes mellitus in predisposed individuals. Turner's syndrome (TS) patients are a population at risk since they have reduced glucose tolerance (GT) spontaneously and because they are usually treated with high doses of GH. DESIGN AND METHODS: The aim of the study was to evaluate insulin sensitivity (IS) and glucose tolerance (GT) in a group of TS patients treated with GH for a period of 6 years. Forty-seven TS girls were included in the study. GH was administered at a mean weekly dosage of 0.35 mg/kg, injected subcutaneously over 6-7 days. GT was assessed according to the criteria of the Expert Committee on the Diagnosis and Classification of Diabetes Mellitus. IS was evaluated with the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICK-I). RESULTS: No significant increase of impaired GT was observed in the patients during the follow-up period, while a reduced IS was detected. IS in TS patients was already lower than in prepubertal controls (P<0.001) before starting treatment and further decreased during the first year of therapy (P<0.05), and then remained stable over the following years. No correlation was found between QUICK-I, body mass index, years of treatment, onset and duration of puberty. One patient became diabetic during the course of treatment. CONCLUSIONS: GH treatment in TS girls does not significantly increase the prevalence of impaired GT or type 2 diabetes mellitus, while it does, however, decrease IS. FAU - Radetti, Giorgio
Age at menarche and natural menopause and number of reproductive years in association with mortality: results from a median follow-up of 11.2 years among 31,955 naturally menopausal Chinese women.$$$ BACKGROUND: Studies conducted in Western countries suggest that early age at menarche and early age at menopause are both associated with increased total mortality, but limited data are available for Asian populations. We examined associations of age at menarche and natural menopause and duration of the reproductive span with mortality in a population-based cohort study of Chinese women. METHODS: We evaluated the effects of age at menarche, age at natural menopause, and number of reproductive years on total and cause-specific mortality among 31,955 naturally menopausal Chinese women who participated in the Shanghai Women's Health Study, a population-based, prospective cohort study. RESULTS: A total of 3,158 deaths occurred during a median follow-up of 11.2 years. Results from Cox proportional hazards models showed that younger age at menopause (<46.64 years) was associated with higher risk of total mortality (Ptrend= 0.02). Younger age at menarche (<14 years) was associated with higher risk of mortality from stroke (Ptrend= 0.03) and diabetes (Ptrend = 0.02) but lower risk of mortality from respiratory system cancer (Ptrend = 0.01). Women with a shorter reproductive span had lower risk of mortality from gynecological cancers (Ptrend = 0.03). CONCLUSIONS: Our study found that menstrual characteristics are important predictors of mortality, suggesting an important role of sex hormones in biological aging. FAU - Wu, Xiaoyan
[Pediatric patients with type 1-diabetes: growth and growth failure associated factors].$$$ BACKGROUND: Type 1 diabetes (T1D) usually occurs in the pediatric age and affects the growth of children. The aim of this work was to describe growth and growth failure associated factors in a population of children with T1D in a tertiary level pediatric hospital. METHODS: A case-control nested in a cohort study was conducted. We included patients with TD1 under 16 years of age with a minimum follow-up of 12 months. Data as age at T1D diagnosis, anthropometry, glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), as well as the pubertal development (Tanner stage) were collected at the time of diagnosis and during 4 years of follow-up. At the end of the follow-up, patients with growth failure and without it were compared, matched by sex, age at TD1 diagnosis. Univariate and multivariate analyses were performed. RESULTS: On the first year of follow-up, 95 patients were gathered, 88 patients were still followed by the second year, 56 patients were kept for the third year, and 46 patients were still followed-up by the fourth year. Median age was 9.5 years and 50% were preadolescents. During their evolution, 50% had growth failure. According to the multivariate analysis, the factor associated with growth failure was the HbA1c in the first year post-diagnosis (OR 4.08; 95% CI 1.34-12.42). CONCLUSIONS: In the first year post-diagnosis of children with T1D, HbA1c was associated with growth failure.
Association Between Duration of Reproductive Years and Metabolic Syndrome.$$$ BACKGROUND: The incidence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) has gradually increased in recent years. MetS has been associated with age at menarche and menopause; however, the association between MetS and the reproductive span remains unclear. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This study examined MetS and the reproductive span among 1,214 participants of the 2014 Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys, a stratified, complex, multistage, probability cluster survey conducted by the Division of Chronic Disease Surveillance of the Korea Center for Disease Control and Prevention since 1998. MetS was defined by using the joint interim statement of the International Diabetes Federation; National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute; and American Heart Association. The reproductive span or duration of reproductive years was calculated from age at menarche to age at menopause for postmenopausal women. RESULTS: The prevalence of MetS in this study was 36% (437 of 1,214). In multivariate analysis adjusted for age, longer reproductive years were associated with a higher prevalence of MetS (odds ratio [OR] 1.059, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.055-1.063). However, after adjusting for covariates (age, residential area, income, dyslipidemia medication, education, current smoking, regular exercise, alcohol consumption, body mass index, years after menopause, aspartate aminotransferase, alanine aminotransferase, and white and red blood cell counts), longer reproductive years were associated with a lower prevalence of MetS (OR 0.751, 95% CI 0.745-0.747). CONCLUSION: Longer reproductive years were significantly associated with a decreased prevalence of MetS. FAU - Park, Yon Chul
Risk factors among young women with endometrial cancer: a Danish case-control study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study was undertaken to identify and quantify risk factors for endometrial cancer among young women. STUDY DESIGN: This case-control study included all Danish women <50 years old who had endometrial cancer diagnosed during the period 1987 to 1994. A total of 237 case patients and 538 population control subjects matched with the case patients for age and residence were included in the analysis. RESULTS: Women with a family history of endometrial cancer had an odds ratio for endometrial cancer of 2.1 (95% confidence interval, 1.1-3.8)). Completion of 1 term pregnancy implied an odds ratio of 0.6 (95% confidence interval, 0.3-1.1). The risk of endometrial cancer decreased significantly with increasing age at first birth and with the number of induced abortions. Use of oral contraceptives for 1 to 5 years decreased the risk of endometrial cancer (odds ratio, 0.2; 95% confidence interval, 0.1-0.3). The odds ratio for endometrial cancer among women who received hormone replacement therapy for 1 to 5 years was 3.1 (95% confidence interval, 1.4-7.0). Body mass index was not demonstrated to be an independent risk factor in this study. The protective impacts of the different exposures (risk factors) can be expressed as etiologic fractions, which indicate how much each exposure reduces the occurrence of endometrial cancer compared with a situation without the existence of that particular exposure. These fractions were as follows: oral contraceptive use for > or =1 year, -45%; 2 term pregnancies, -88%; age > or =30 y when giving birth for the first time, -38%; and a history of incomplete pregnancy, -16%. CONCLUSION: A number of risk factors for endometrial cancer are common to premenopausal and postmenopausal women: family history, reproductive history, hormone replacement therapy, and the use of oral contraceptives. Among young women reproductive variables imply the greatest prophylactic potential. FAU - Parslov, M
How are physical activity, fitness, and sedentary behavior associated with insulin sensitivity in children?$$$ OBJECTIVE: To describe the associations among moderate-to-vigorous physical activity (MVPA), fitness, sedentary behavior (SB), and insulin sensitivity (IS). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Data were drawn from the baseline assessment of the QUALITY cohort, which included 630 white youth (aged 8-10 years at recruitment), with at least one obese biological parent. IS was measured by two fasting indices (insulin, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance) and an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT)-based index (Matsuda IS index [Matsuda-ISI]). Fitness was measured by Vo(2peak); percent fat mass (PFM) was measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry; 7-day MVPA was measured with accelerometry. SB indicators included average hours daily of self-report screen time (SBst), and average minutes daily at <100 counts/min from accelerometry (SBacc). Multivariable linear regression models were adjusted for age, sex, season, and puberty. RESULTS: MVPA and SBacc were independently associated with IS, but this was no longer statistically significant after accounting for PFM. SBst was negatively associated with IS in girls only, even after controlling for physical activity (PA), fitness, and adiposity; for each additional hour of SBst daily, IS decreased by 4.6-5.6% across all IS indices. Fitness was positively associated with IS (measured by Matsuda-ISI) after accounting for PA, SB, and PFM; for every 1 unit increase in Vo(2peak), Matsuda-ISI increased by approximately 1.0% (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: In children with an obese parent, PA and SBacc are associated with IS, but this association is mediated by adiposity. SBst is negatively associated with IS in girls, beyond its known impact on adiposity. Finally, fitness is independently associated with better IS measured by OGTT. FAU - Henderson, Mélanie
Longitudinal assessment of metabolic abnormalities in adolescents and young adults with HIV-infection acquired perinatally or in early childhood.$$$ Metabolic complications of HIV pose challenges for health maintenance among young adults who acquired HIV in early childhood. Between July 2004 and July 2009, we evaluated 47 HIV-infected subjects who acquired HIV in early life. Participants completed glucose tolerance testing; insulin, lipid, urine albumin, and creatinine determinations; and dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry scans. Longitudinal data were available for 39 subjects; duration of follow-up was 26.4 ± 16.8 months. At baseline, participants were 17.1 ± 3.9 years old; and duration of antiretroviral therapy was 12.7 ± 3.4 years. CD4 count was 658 ± 374 cells per cubic millimeter, and 55% had undetectable viral load. Impaired glucose tolerance was present in 15%; 33% had insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance >4.0). Furthermore, 52% had triglycerides of at least 150 mg/dL, 36% had high-density lipoprotein cholesterol less than 40 mg/dL, 18% had low-density lipoprotein cholesterol of at least 130 mg/dL, and 25% had total cholesterol of at least 200 mg/dL. Microalbuminuria was present in 15% of participants and was inversely correlated with CD4% (P = .001). During follow-up, more than one third remained insulin resistant; lipid parameters tended to improve. There were significant increases in body mass index (P = .0002), percentage leg fat (P = .008), and percentage trunk fat (P = .002). Impaired glucose tolerance, insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, and microalbuminuria are common among young adults with HIV. Long-term exposure to therapy may translate into substantial persistent metabolic risk.
Sensitization to insulin in adolescent girls to normalize hirsutism, hyperandrogenism, oligomenorrhea, dyslipidemia, and hyperinsulinism after precocious pubarche.$$$ Precocious pubarche in girls is often preceded by low weight at birth and followed by hirsutism, ovarian hyperandrogenism, and oligomenorrhea in adolescence, the latter usually being accompanied by dyslipidemia and hyperinsulinism, which are, in turn, two major risk factors for cardiovascular disease in later life. We hypothesized that insulin resistance may be a key pathogenetic factor in this sequence. We tested the hypothesis by assessing the effects of an insulin-sensitizing agent, metformin, given at a daily dose of 1275 mg for 6 months to 10 nonobese adolescent girls (mean age, 16.8 yr; body mass index, 21.9 kg/m2; birth weight, 2.7 kg) with hirsutism, ovarian hyperandrogenism (diagnosis by GnRH agonist test), oligomenorrhea, dyslipidemia, and hyperinsulinemia after precocious pubarche. Before the metformin trial, longitudinal studies in these girls had shown that hyperinsulinism was present at prepubertal diagnosis of precocious pubarche, and that it increased markedly in late puberty or early postmenarche. Metformin treatment was well tolerated and was accompanied by a marked drop in hirsutism score, insulin response to oral glucose tolerance test, free androgen index, and baseline testosterone, androstenedione, dehydroepiandrosterone, and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate levels (all P < 0.01). During metformin treatment, the LH and 17-hydroxyprogesterone hyperresponses to GnRH agonist were attenuated (P < 0.01); serum triglyceride, total cholesterol, and low density lipoprotein cholesterol levels decreased; and high density lipoprotein cholesterol rose. All girls reported regular menses within 4 months. Withdrawal of metformin treatment was followed, within 3 months, by a consistent reversal toward pretreatment conditions. In conclusion, metformin treatment reduced hyperinsulinemia, hirsutism, and hyperandrogenism; attenuated the LH and 17-hydroxyprogesterone hyperresponses to GnRH agonist; improved the atherogenic lipid profile; and restored eumenorrhea in nonobese adolescent girls with a history of precocious pubarche. These observations corroborate the idea that insulin resistance may indeed be a prime factor underpinning the sequence from reduced fetal growth, through precocious pubarche, to adolescent endocrinopathies that are reminiscent of so-called polycystic ovary syndrome. FAU - Ibáñez, L
Prevalence of Obesity and Metabolic Syndrome in Children with Type 1 Diabetes: A Comparative Assessment Based on Criteria Established by the International Diabetes Federation, World Health Organisation and National Cholesterol Education Program.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the prevalence of obesity and metabolic syndrome (MetS) in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes (T1D) and to compare the widely accepted and used diagnostic criteria for MetS established by the International Diabetes Federation (IDF), World Health Organisation (WHO) and National Cholesterol Education Program-Adult Treatment Panel III (NCEP-ATPIII). METHODS: We conducted a descriptive, cross sectional study including T1D patients between 8-18 years of age. The three sets of criteria were used to determine the prevalence of MetS and findings compared. Risk factors related to MetS were extracted from hospital records. RESULTS: The study included 200 patients with T1D (52% boys). Of these, 18% (n=36) were overweight/obese (body mass index percentile ≥85%). MetS prevalence was 10.5%, 8.5% and 13.5% according to IDF, WHO and NCEP criteria, respectively. There were no statistically significant differences in age, gender, family history of T1D and T2D, pubertal stage, duration of diabetes, hemoglobin A1c levels and daily insulin doses between patients with or without MetS. In the overweight or obese T1D patients, the prevalence of MetS was 44.4%, 38.8% and 44.4% according to IDF, WHO and NCEP-ATPIII criteria, respectively. CONCLUSION: Obesity prevalence in the T1D cohort was similar to that of the healthy population of the same age. Prevalence of MetS was higher in children and adolescents with T1D compared to the obese population in Turkey. The WHO criteria include microvascular complications which are rare in childhood and the NCEP criteria do not include a primary criterion while diagnosing non-obese patients according to waist circumference as MetS because the existence of diabetes is considered as a direct criterion. Our study suggests that IDF criteria which allows the diagnosis of MetS with obesity and have accepted criteria for the childhood are more suitable for the diagnosis of MetS in children and adolescents with T1D. FAU - Yayıcı Köken, Özlem
Distribution and cutoff points of fasting insulin in Asian Indian adolescents and their association with metabolic syndrome.$$$ AIM: To evaluate the levels and appropriate cutoff points of fasting insulin, and their association with the metabolic syndrome (MS) in Asian Indian adolescents. METHODS: This cross-sectional, population based study included 948 (527 males & 421 females) adolescent subjects aged 14-19 years selected randomly from New Delhi, India. Cutoff points of fasting insulin were defined using Receiver Operating Characteristics curve analysis against overweight, abdominal obesity and high subscapular skinfold thickness. The MS was defined according to NCEP, ATP III and IDF criteria using age-, gender- and ethnicity-specific cutoff points. RESULTS: Fasting insulin levels peaked at 16 y and reduced subsequently in both genders. The derived cutoff points for fasting insulin (pmol/L) were: 14-15 y- 128.5 and 164.8; 16-17 y- 126.1 and 152.8; 18-19 y- 121.2 and 162.4 in males and females, respectively. Prevalence of fasting hyperinsulinemia (39.1%) and MS (NCEP 2.2%, IDF 1.5%) was highest in age group 16-17 years. CONCLUSION: The data from this first study describing the distribution and cutoff points of fasting insulin in Asian Indian adolescents may be helpful for detection of and application of primary prevention strategies for fasting hyperinsulinemia and the metabolic syndrome in this population. FAU - Vikram, N K
Obesity and insulin sensitivity effects on cardiovascular risk factors: Comparisons of obese dysglycemic youth and adults.$$$ BACKGROUND: Obesity and pubertal insulin resistance worsen cardiovascular (CV) risk factors in youth. It is unclear how the relationships of obesity and insulin resistance with CV risk compare to adults. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: We evaluated 66 pubertal youth (mean ± SD: age 14.2 ± 2.0 years, body mass index [BMI] 36.6 ± 6.0 kg/m(2) , hemoglobin A1c [HbA1c] 38.5 ± 6.1 mmol/mol) and 355 adults with comparable BMI (age 52.7 ± 9.4 years, BMI 35.1 ± 5.1 kg/m(2) , HbA1c 39.8 ± 4.2 mmol/mol) participating in a multicenter study. Insulin sensitivity was quantified using hyperglycemic clamps. Assessment of CV risk factors was standardized across sites. Regression analyses compared the impact of insulin sensitivity and CV risk factors between youth and adults. RESULTS: Obese pubertal youth were more insulin resistant than comparably obese adults (P < .001), but with similar slopes for the inverse relationship between insulin sensitivity and obesity. The impact of obesity on CV risk factors was explained by insulin sensitivity (P = NS after adjustment for sensitivity). The two age groups did not differ in relationships between insulin sensitivity and diastolic blood pressure, total cholesterol, and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, after adjusting for obesity. However, while systolic blood pressure (SBP) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol exhibited the expected direct and inverse relationships, respectively with insulin sensitivity in adults, these slopes were flat in youth across the range of insulin sensitivity (P ≤ .05 for group differences). CONCLUSIONS: Effects of obesity on CV risk factors were attributable to insulin sensitivity in both groups. The relationships between insulin sensitivity and CV risk factors were similar in obese youth and adult groups except for SBP and HDL cholesterol. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: The RISE consortium studies are registered through Clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01779362 (Adult Medication Study); NCT01763346 (Adult Surgery Study); and NCT01779375 (Pediatric Medication Study). Clinical trial registration numbers: NCT01779362, NCT01779375 and NCT01763346 at clinicaltrials.gov.
Association between Leptin, Adiponectin, and Leptin/Adiponectin Ratio with Clustered Metabolic Risk Factors in Portuguese Adolescents: The LabMed Physical Activity Study.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Circulating leptin and adiponectin levels have been associated with impaired vascular function, insulin resistance, and acute cardiovascular evens. This study aimed to evaluate the associations of leptin, adiponectin, and the leptin/adiponectin (L/A) ratio with a clustering of metabolic risk factors (MRF) in adolescents aged 12-18 years. METHODS: This is a cross-sectional analysis with 529 Portuguese adolescents aged 12-18 years. Blood samples were taken to analyze total cholesterol (TC) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol (HDL-c), triglycerides glucose, insulin, leptin, and adiponectin levels. A continuous variable of clustered MRF score (sum of Z-scores of body fat percentage, systolic blood pressure, ratio TC/HDL, triglycerides, homeostatic model assessment insulin resistance, and cardiorespiratory fitness*[-1]) was computed. RESULTS: Regression analyses showed that adiponectin was a significant and negative predictor of MRF score (boys: β = -0.199; p < 0.001; girls: β = -0.200; p < 0.001); whereas leptin was a significant positive predictor of MRF score (boys: β = 0.553; p < 0.001; girls: β = 0.399; p < 0.001). The L/A ratio was also a significant positive predictor of MRF score in both sexes (boys: β = 0.593; p < 0.001; girls: β = 0.461; p < 0.001), after adjustments for age, pubertal stage, adherence to the Mediterranean diet, and socioeconomic status. In addition, adiponectin, leptin, and L/A ratio were accurate to predict MRF among adolescents, but L/A ratio showed the highest area under receiver operating characteristic curve. CONCLUSION: Leptin, adiponectin, and L/A ratio are associated with the clustering of MRF in adolescents after adjustments for age, sex, pubertal stage, adherence to the Mediterranean diet, and socioeconomic status. L/A ratio was more strongly associated with MRF score than adiponectin or leptin.
Risk factors for breast cancer in Turkish women: a hospital-based case-control study.$$$ The aim of this study was to investigate the association between risk factors and breast cancer in Turkish women. In a hospital-based case-control study in Istanbul, 405 patients with histologically confirmed breast cancer were compared with 1050 controls, who were admitted to different departments of the same hospital. Unadjusted odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for each risk factor were obtained from logistic regression analyses. Risk factors for breast cancer were found to be early menarche age (OR 3.87, 95% CI 2.46-6.08), use of alcohol (OR 3.87, 95% CI 1.79-8.37), history of diabetes (OR 3.31, 95% CI 2.36-4.64) or hypertension (OR 3.44, 95% CI 2.07-5.71), oral contraceptive use (OR 1.98, 95% CI 1.38-2.85) and hormone replacement therapy (HRT) use (OR 1.94, 95% CI 1.15-3.29). The findings of the present study indicated that history of diabetes or hypertension, use of alcohol, oral contraceptive and HRT, never having breastfed and delayed age at first birth associated with changing of lifestyle led to an increased risk of breast cancer in Turkish women. FAU - Beji, N K
Associations between two single nucleotide polymorphisms of the adiponectin gene, its circulating concentrations and cardiometabolic risk factors in prepubertal children with and without abdominal obesity.$$$ BACKGROUND: The adiponectin gene has been identified as a susceptibility locus for metabolic syndrome, diabetes and cardiovascular disease. AIM: To examine the influence of two single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of this gene (+276G>T and +45T>G) on circulating adiponectin concentrations, and to evaluate their relationship with adiposity and cardiometabolic risk factors in prepubertal children with and without abdominal obesity. MATERIAL AND METHODS: 168 children (78M, 6-10 yr) were examined, divided into three groups based on waist circumference (WC). Auxological and biochemical parameters were measured by standard procedures. Adiponectin SNPs were genotyped using TaqMan allelic discrimination assays. RESULTS: Adiponectin concentration correlated inversely with measures of adiposity (rBMIz-score=-0.211, pBMIz-score=0.007; rwc=-0.210, pwc=0.008; rwc/height=-0.215, pwc/height=0.006), and was significantly influenced by blood glucose, insulin and systolic blood pressure (SBP). The +276T-allele carriers had higher SBP and diastolic BP compared to GG-homozygotes (p<0.05), and expressed higher obesity-related measures and lower adiponectin concentrations. As to the +45T>G SNP, the GGsubject had higher total cholesterol and LDL-C concentrations compared to the T-allele carriers (p<0.05), showing worse obesity measures, higher triglyceride, glucose and insulin and lower serum adiponectin values. CONCLUSION: Genetic variants of the adiponectin gene had an impact on adiposity, adiponectin concentrations and some cardiometabolic variables among prepubertal children. FAU - Galcheva, S V
Low-grade systemic inflammation, hypoadiponectinemia and a high concentration of leptin are present in very young obese children, and correlate with metabolic syndrome.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the concentration levels of C-reactive protein (CRP), leptin and adiponectin in obese pre-pubertal children, and their possible relation with metabolic syndrome, fibrinogen and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1. METHODS: A study was carried out in 51 obese children (aged 6 to 9 years) and the same number of non-obese children (control group), matched by age and sex. (Cross-sectional study of obese children). Body mass index (BMI), waist/hip ratio (WHR) and blood pressure were determined for each child. Serum CRP, leptin, adiponectin, glucose, insulin, lipid profile, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) and fibrinogen were all measured. RESULTS: The levels of CRP serum (1.67+/-0.222 vs 0.92+/-0.16 mg/l) and leptin (15.56+/-1.27 vs 4.68+/-0.62 ng/ml) were significantly higher in obese children. The adiponectin level was significantly higher in non-obese children (11.58+/-0.63 vs 9.64+/-0.49 microg/dl). In the obese group, log. CRP showed a positive correlation with BMI, insulin, homeostasis model assessment (HOMA), triglycerides, alanine aminotransferase (ALT), uric acid, PAI-1, fibrinogen and interleukin 6 (IL-6), and correlated negatively with apolipoprotein A-I and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). The leptin was positively correlated with BMI, insulin, HOMA, triglycerides and PAI-1 and negatively with Apo A-I and HDL-C. Adiponectin correlated negatively with BMI, insulin, HOMA, and triglycerides. CONCLUSIONS: Low-grade systemic inflammation, elevated leptin concentration and low adiponectin level are described in very young obese children, correlating with a range of variables of metabolic syndrome. Inflammation and adipocytokines can play an important role in the etiopathogeny of metabolic syndrome. FAU - Valle, M
Higher parity is associated with an increased risk of type-II diabetes in Chinese women: the Singapore Chinese Health Study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The association between parity and type-II diabetes has been studied primarily in Western populations, and the findings have been inconsistent. Here, we examine whether parity was positively associated with incident type-II diabetes in Singaporean Chinese women. DESIGN: Prospective cohort study. SETTING: Singapore. POPULATION: A total of 25,021 Singaporean Chinese women aged 45-74 years from the Singapore Chinese Health Study who were free of cancer, heart disease, stroke, and diabetes at baseline (1993-1998). METHODS: Women were followed through 2004 for incident diabetes. Hazard ratios for type-II diabetes were computed across parity (of live births) categories and adjusted for baseline age, interview year, dialect, education, smoking, dietary pattern, physical activity, age at menarche, oral contraceptive use, menopausal status, hormone therapy use, and body mass index (BMI). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Self-reported diabetes, as diagnosed by a doctor. RESULTS: Over an average of 5.7 person-years of follow-up, 1294 women were diagnosed with diabetes. Before and after multivariable adjustment there was a positive graded association between parity and type-II diabetes risk (P < 0.001). In the fully adjusted model, which included adult BMI, the risk of type-II diabetes increased by 31% (from -2 to 76%), 62% (from 22 to 116%), and 74% (from 29 to 133%) for women with one or two, three or four, and five or more live births, respectively, compared with women with no live births. Moreover, in a supplementary multivariate analysis in non-diabetic women we found a positive monotonic association between parity and glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) (P = 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Increased parity may be a risk factor for type-II diabetes in Chinese women. More research is needed on lifestyle and physiologic factors that may explain this association.
Relationship between the pubertal fall in sex hormone binding globulin and insulin-like growth factor binding protein-I. A synchronized approach to pubertal development?$$$ In a cross-sectional study of 69 normal adolescents we have found sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) levels to fall in both males and females throughout the pubertal period. Multiple regression analysis revealed a close negative correlation with insulin in both sexes. Weaker correlations were also found between SHBG and circulating androgen concentrations, in both males and females. Similar results were also obtained for a second circulating binding protein of primarily hepatic origin. This low molecular weight insulin-like growth factor (IGF) binding protein I (IBP-I) is one of two distinct classes of IGF binding proteins which bind IGF-I and IGF-II. IGF-I in turn mediates, at least in part, the actions of growth hormone. IBP-I also fell throughout puberty, correlating with the increasing insulin levels. In addition IBP-I correlated with androgen levels in both sexes. These similarities between SHBG and IBP-I, together with a strong correlation across puberty between the levels of the two binding proteins themselves (r = 0.737, P less than 0.001), suggest common mechanisms of control over the circulating levels of these two binding proteins. The association with insulin raises the possibility of a synchronized modulation of the actions of sex steroids and IGFs by nutritional intake. Thus pubertal growth and sexual development may occur over the same time with both modulated according to nutritional intake, linked through pancreatic insulin release, to hepatic production of SHBG and IBP-I. FAU - Holly, J M
Multicentre study on prevalence of endocrine complications in thalassaemia major. Italian Working Group on Endocrine Complications in Non-endocrine Diseases.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Thalassaemia major is a common and serious medical problem, worldwide. However, there are few data concerning the various endocrine disorders which occur in this condition. We have surveyed 25 Italian centres in order to establish the prevalences and times of onset of endocrine disorders in patients with beta-thalassaemia major. PROJECT AND PATIENTS: A questionnaire specifically designed to investigate the prevalences of endocrinopathies was sent to 25 paediatric and haematology departments. The following data were recorded in the questionnaire: sex, age, height and weight, pubertal status according to Tanner's classification, history of secondary amenorrhoea, type of endocrinopathy and hormone levels at diagnosis, associated complications, serum ferritin level, liver enzymes (ALT) and compliance with treatment. RESULTS: An analysis of data from 1861 patients showed that failure of puberty was the major clinical endocrine problem and was present in 51% of boys and 47% of girls, all over the age of 15 years. Secondary amenorrhoea was recorded in 23% of patients (mean age 18.3 years), primary hypothyroidism in 6.2% (mean age 15.8 years), insulin dependent diabetes mellitus in 4.9% (mean age 18.1 years) and hypoparathyroidism in 3.6% of the patients (mean age 18.7 years). At present, the majority are in the second or third decades of life. The prevalences of hypothyroidism, insulin dependent diabetes mellitus and hypoparathyroidism differed in the various centres, whereas the frequency of pubertal disorders was very similar. CONCLUSIONS: Our study has demonstrated several points. Endocrine evaluation in thalassaemic patients must be carried out regularly, especially in those patients over the age of 10 years with iron overload and poor compliance with chelation therapy. The prevalences of some complications, such as insulin dependent diabetes and hypothyroidism, were lower than previously recorded. Hence, it is to be hoped endocrine complications will be less common in the future, for patients who have started chelation therapy during the first years of life. Because of the improved survival of thalassaemic patients with insulin dependent diabetes, and the high incidence of multiple endocrine complications, it is important to carry out careful follow-up studies for the early detection of any other associated complications to facilitate correct treatment.
[Endocrinological and metabolic disorders in the patients with massive bowel resection in the newborn period].$$$ Massive (70%) resection of the small bowel was performed in seven newborn infants. Follow-up study was undertaken in four of these patients and the growth and endocrinological status were evaluated. Body weight and height of three patients were below 50th percentile. On glucose tolerance test, peak IRI was low and insulinogenic indices were below normal range. These findings suggest that there are some mechanisms which suppress the secretion of insulin. Pituitary and thyroid function were within normal limits but secondary sexual manifestation was not seen in a fifteen year old boy. Hyperoxaluria was seen in three children, and one had kidney stone with some impairment of renal function. FAU - Kamagata, S
A 40-year history of overweight children in Stockholm: life-time overweight, morbidity, and mortality.$$$ We describe the 40-year weight history and adult morbidity and mortality in a cohort of 504 overweight children, aged 2 months to 16 years, who were admitted for investigation of their overweight to four children's hospitals in Stockholm between 1921 and 1947. Follow-up information was gathered by questionnaire at 10-year intervals, most recently in 1980-1983 (n = 458), on weight history (based on the body mass index (BMI = kg/m2)), as well as prevalence of cardiovascular disease (n = 143), diabetes (n = 39), and cancer (all types (n = 20)), reported during the 40 years of follow-up, and mortality from all causes (n = 55), determined from death certificate. The sample of overweight children remained overweight as adults; after age 55 years, the BMI began to decline for both genders. Female subjects were heavier than their male counterparts from postpuberty onward. Subjects who died by the 40-year follow-up and those reporting cardiovascular disease were significantly (P < or = 0.05) heavier at puberty and in adulthood than were healthier subjects. There was a marked increase in the BMI between postpuberty and age 25 among those who subsequently died, those who developed cardiovascular disease, and particularly among those who developed diabetes (P < or = 0.001). In contrast, those reporting cancer had a lower BMI throughout adulthood than those who did not. We conclude that overweight in adolescence may continue into adulthood and may be associated with subsequent adverse health outcomes. FAU - DiPietro, L
Breast-feeding and risk for childhood obesity: does maternal diabetes or obesity status matter?$$$ OBJECTIVE: We sought to evaluate whether maternal diabetes or weight status attenuates a previously reported beneficial effect of breast-feeding on childhood obesity. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Growing Up Today Study (GUTS) participants were offspring of women who participated in the Nurses' Health Study II. In the present study, 15,253 girls and boys (aged 9-14 years in 1996) were included. Maternal diabetes and weight status and infant feeding were obtained by maternal self-report. We defined maternal overweight as BMI > or = 25 kg/m2. Childhood obesity, from self-reported height and weight, was based on the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention definitions as normal, at risk for overweight, or overweight. Maternal status categories were nondiabetes/normal weight, nondiabetes/overweight, or diabetes. Logistic regression models used generalized estimating equations to account for nonindependence between siblings. RESULTS: For all subjects combined, breast-feeding was associated with reduced overweight (compared with normal weight) in childhood. Compared with exclusive use of formula, the odds ratio (OR) for exclusive breast-feeding was 0.66 (95% CI 0.53-0.82), adjusted for age, sex, and Tanner stage. Results did not differ according to maternal status (nondiabetes/normal weight OR 0.73 [95% CI 0.49-1.09]; nondiabetes/overweight 0.75 [0.57-0.99]; and diabetes 0.62 [0.24-1.60]). Further adjustment for potential confounders attenuated results, but results remained consistent across strata of maternal status (P value for interaction was 0.50). CONCLUSIONS: Breast-feeding was inversely associated with childhood obesity regardless of maternal diabetes status or weight status. These data provide support for all mothers to breast-feed their infants to reduce the risk for childhood overweight. FAU - Mayer-Davis, Elizabeth J
The association of FGF23 levels in obese adolescents with insulin sensitivity.$$$ BACKGROUND: The fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF23) is the most important hormonal regulator of circulating phosphate levels. Apart from this essential role, it may also act as a 'hormone-like' factor involved in glucose and lipid metabolism. It is believed to have a potential role in the development of insulin resistance. AIM: The aim of the study was to compare FGF23 levels between two groups of obese adolescents: insulin resistant and non-insulin resistant. PATIENTS: The study included 36 obese, insulin-resistant adolescents (21 boys and 15 girls) of pubertal age (mean age, 13.95 years; Tanner stage IV or V). The control group consisted of 21 obese peers with normal HOMA-IR values. METHODS: FGF23 levels were measured in a fasting blood sample by Human Intact FGF-23 ELISA Kit (Immunotopics Inc., San Clemente, CA, USA). A standard oral glucose tolerance test was performed, which assessed fasting and 120 min postload plasma glucose and serum insulin levels; the insulin resistance index HOMA-IR was calculated. The definition of insulin resistance was based on a HOMA-IR threshold set for adolescents (> or = 3.16). RESULTS: There was a significant inverse correlation between FGF23 levels and HOMA-IR (R = -0.26, p < 0.05) in the study group. FGF23 levels were also significantly lower in the study group (9.8 vs. 11.9 pg/mL, p = 0.026). CONCLUSIONS: In adolescents with simple obesity and insulin resistance, FGF23 levels are lower compared with obese adolescents with normal HOMA-IR. FAU - Wojcik, Malgorzata
Intramyocellular lipid is associated with visceral adiposity, markers of insulin resistance, and cardiovascular risk in prepubertal children: the EPOCH study.$$$ CONTEXT: The intramyocellular deposition of lipid associates with metabolic dysregulation in adolescents and adults. Relatively little is known about the deposition of fat in muscle before the onset of puberty. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to describe the relationship between intramyocellular lipid (IMCL) accumulation and 1) visceral adiposity and 2) markers of insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease risk in a cohort of prepubertal and early pubertal children. STUDY DESIGN: Data were collected as part of a retrospective cohort study, Exploring Perinatal Outcomes among Children (EPOCH). Multiple linear regression models were constructed for data analysis. RESULTS: A total of 441 children participated in the study (226 prepubertal, 215 early pubertal). In prepubertal children, there was a significant relationship between IMCL and visceral fat (parameter estimate 0.019, P = 0.002) that remained after controlling for body mass index. Independent of overall adiposity, in all children, IMCL was associated with the triglyceride to high-density lipoprotein ratio (parameter estimate 0.1418, P = 0.002). CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrates a concerning and related pattern of IMCL and visceral fat deposition in prepubertal children. Intramuscular fat deposition is linked to markers of insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease risk. FAU - Brumbaugh, David E
Female sex as a risk factor for glycemic control and complications in Iranian patients with type one diabetes mellitus.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of sex on glycemic control, diabetes complications and associated abnormalities in patients with type one diabetes mellitus. METHODS: In a cross-sectional study in 309 patients (156 females and 153 males within the age range of 3-16 years) with type one diabetes mellitus referred to endocrinology clinic in Children's Medical Center in Tehran from March 2005 to March 2007 gender differences in diabetes control were analyzed. FINDINGS: Mean glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), was significantly higher in females (9.25 vs. 8.01). Insulin dose per kilogram of body weight was significantly more in girls (0.91±0.31 vs. 0.74±0.37, P<0.001) self monitoring of blood glucose was performed significantly more in boys. Frequency of Diabetic ketoacidosis, height growth problems and dyslipidemia were significantly higher in girls. 1.20±0.86 vs. 0.93±0.55, P=0.004), (-0.05±1.20 vs. -0.41±1.17, P=0.015), (134.60±44.43 vs. 110.56±20.72, P=<0.001) respectively. CONCLUSION: Female sex is a risk factor in glycemic control and complications of diabetes type I and females should be managed more seriously regarding self monitoring of blood glucose, nutritional and psychological factors and puberty issues. FAU - Setoodeh, Aria
Screening and diagnosis of diabetes in children and pregnant women.$$$ The incidence and prevalence of diabetes in children has increased in recent decades. The findings of a nationwide screening program in Taiwan show that type 2 diabetes has replaced type 1 diabetes as the leading cause of diabetes in children and adolescents. Important risk factors for diabetes in children are high or low birth weights, obesity, and a family history of diabetes. The incidence of diabetes reaches plateaus during puberty. Therefore, we have developed a strategy to screen seventh-grade children with diabetes based on urinalysis and a risk score. Gestational diabetes is associated with various adverse perinatal outcomes, particularly macrosomia and birth injury, and a higher rate of Cesarean section. The 100 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) for gestational diabetes was initially designed to predict maternal diabetes after delivery, and was revised by Carpenter and Coustan to predict adverse fetal outcomes. In 2010, the International Association of the Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) proposed a 75 g OGTT to define gestational diabetes, resulting in a significant increase in the prevalence of gestational diabetes. Our data suggest that adopting the new IADPSG criteria is reasonable, since they reduce adverse perinatal outcomes and are cost-efficient.
Inverse correlation of serum inflammatory markers with metabolic parameters in healthy, Black and White prepubertal youth.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine for the first time the associations between pro-inflammatory cytokines and obesity-related metabolic biomarkers in, exclusively prepubertal, otherwise healthy obese and non-obese Black and White children, 7-9 years of age. DESIGN AND METHODS: Body mass index (BMI), homeostasis model assessment-estimated insulin resistance, visceral adipose tissue and subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT (magnetic resonance imaging)); total body fat (dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry), ectopic, intrahepatic lipid (IHL) and intramyocellular lipid (IMCL) fat (proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy) and serum levels of interleukin (IL)-1, IL-6, IL-8, tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α) and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 were measured in 40 obese and non-obese children. Relationships between inflammatory cytokines and obesity were assessed by analysis of variance and Spearman's rank correlation. RESULTS: Significant inverse correlations were found between BMI z-score, SAT, total BF, and IHL and levels of TNF-α (Spearman's ρ=-0.36, -0.39, -0.43 and -0.39, respectively; P<0.05). Levels of IL-8 were significantly and inversely correlated with IMCL (-0.39; P=0.03) and remained significant after adjusting for race. IMCL was inversely associated with TNF-α only after adjusting for race (-0.37; P=0.04). CONCLUSIONS: Relationships between pro-inflammatory and metabolic markers commonly observed in adults are reversed in healthy, Black and White children before puberty. Prospective studies are warranted to determine how these inverse relationships modify chronic disease risk later in life. FAU - Zabaleta, J
Adiponectin levels, cardiometabolic risk factors and markers of subclinical atherosclerosis in children.$$$ BACKGROUND: Low levels of adiponectin have been associated with metabolic risk factors (RF) and cardiac disease. Minimal data is available about the relationship between adiponectin and subclinical atherosclerosis. OBJECTIVES: To determine the relationship of adiponectin to cardiometabolic RF, C-reactive protein (CRP), anthropometric parameters of obesity, and subclinical atherosclerosis in children. METHODS: Cross-sectional study in 103 children. We determined body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, percent fat mass, systolic and diastolic blood pressures, fasting lipid profile, glycemia and insulinemia, and CRP. Subclinical atherosclerosis was determined by carotid intima-media thickness (IMT) and flow-mediated dilation of the brachial artery (FMD). RESULTS: Mean age of the group was 12.4+/-1.9 years (47% girls; 20.4% prepubertal; 45 eutrophic, 23 overweight and 35 obese). Adiponectin levels were not statistically significantly different in eutrophic children versus obese+overweight: 17.7+/-5.6 and 15.9+/-5.3 microg/mL, respectively. Adiponectin levels in boys were no different from those in girls. Adiponectin correlated significantly with age, BMI, zBMI, waist circumference, systolic and diastolic blood pressures, HDL, insulinemia, and HOMA index. No statistically significant association with adiponectin was found for CRP, FMD or IMT. After adjusting by sex, pubertal status, and degree of obesity, the adiponectin levels associated significantly with HDL cholesterol and the HOMA index (r(2)=0.34, p<0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: Adiponectin levels were inversely correlated with anthropometric parameters of obesity and insulin resistance and directly correlated with HDL levels. However, no relationship with subclinical atherosclerosis was demonstrated in this study.
Distribution of adiponectin, leptin, and metabolic correlates of insulin resistance: a longitudinal study in British children$$$ 1: Prepuberty (EarlyBird 15).; BACKGROUND: The emergence of type 2 diabetes in young populations has mirrored a rising prevalence of obesity and insulin resistance during childhood and adolescence. At the same time, the role of adipokines as links between obesity and insulin resistance is becoming more appreciated. We sought to establish age- and sex-specific distributions of metabolic correlates of insulin resistance in healthy prepubertal children. METHODS: We collected fasting blood samples from a contemporary cohort of 307 British children at ages 5, 6, 7, and 8 years and measured insulin, glucose, triglycerides, total and HDL cholesterol, urate, glycohemoglobin, sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), leptin, and adiponectin. We used homeostasis model assessment (HOMA 2) to estimate insulin sensitivity (HOMA-%S) and beta-cell function (HOMA-%B). Anthropometric measures included body mass index. RESULTS: Body mass index increased from age 5 to 8 years (P < 0.001). HOMA-%B decreased (P < 0.001) and HOMA-%S increased (P < 0.05), but glucose also increased (P < 0.001) whereas glycohemoglobin decreased (P < 0.001). Consistent with the rise in insulin sensitivity, HDL cholesterol increased (P < 0.001) and triglycerides decreased (NS), whereas adiponectin decreased (P = 0.02). The patterns were similar in boys and girls, although girls were less insulin sensitive throughout. Accordingly, triglycerides tended to be higher in the girls, and HDL cholesterol and SHBG lower. CONCLUSIONS: The metabolic disturbances associated with insulin resistance appear to be more advanced in girls. Markers of metabolic health improve in both sexes from 5 to 8 years, despite rising adiposity. FAU - Murphy, Michael J
Thyroid dysfunction in obese pre-pubertal children: oxidative stress as a potential pathogenetic mechanism.$$$ Although a relationship between obesity and hyperthyrotropinemia has been hypothesized in obese children, the underlying pathogenesis is not completely known. In the current cross-sectional study, we evaluated the thyroid function in a group of 80 obese pre-pubertal children compared to 41 healthy normal weight peers, exploring the possible association between hyperthyrotropinemia and oxidative stress. In all children, thyrotropin (TSH), free T4 (fT4), free T3 (fT3) and anti-thyroid antibodies were evaluated. Homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) level was evaluated as index of insulin resistance. We measured the endogenous secretory receptor for advanced glycation end products (esRAGE) and soluble RAGE (sRAGE) and the urinary prostaglandin F2α (PGF-2α) as markers of oxidative stress. We found that TSH levels were significantly higher in obese children than controls. TSH significantly correlated with body mass index-standard deviation score (BMI-SDS), HOMA-IR, PGF-2α, esRAGE and sRAGE. The multiple linear regression showed that in obese children HOMA-IR, PGF-2α, esRAGE and sRAGE were significantly related to TSH, independently of BMI-SDS, age and gender. In obese children, hyperthyrotropinemia could be detected already in pre-pubertal age. The increased oxidative stress might represent one of the key regulators of TSH levels, early in life. FAU - D'Adamo, Ebe
Sport Participation and Metabolic Risk During Adolescent Years: A Structured Equation Model.$$$ Sports practice during childhood can influence health indicators in later ages through direct and indirect pathways. Thus, this study aimed to test direct and indirect pathways to the association between sports practice in childhood and metabolic risk in adolescence, adopting physical activity, adiposity, and cardiorespiratory fitness at adolescence as potential mediators. This cross-sectional study with retrospective information was conducted with 991 adolescents (579 girls, 412 boys) aged 10 to 16 y. Sports activity was self-reported in childhood (retrospective data) and physical activity evaluated in adolescence through questionnaires. Somatic maturation (Mirwald method), cardiorespiratory fitness (20-m shuttle-run test), body fat (skinfolds), waist circumference, blood pressure (automatic instrument) and blood variables (fasting glucose, HDL cholesterol, and triglycerides) were measured at adolescence. Waist circumference, blood pressure and blood variables composed the metabolic risk score. Structured equation modeling was adopted. In both sexes, the relationship between sports practice at childhood and metabolic risk was fully mediated by habitual physical activity, which is related to the obesity construct and cardiorespiratory fitness. Obesity was associated with metabolic risk in boys (β=0.062; p<0.001) and girls (β=0.047; p<0.001). The relationship between sports practice in childhood and metabolic risk in adolescence was mediated by physical activity, obesity, and cardiorespiratory fitness.
Racial divergence in adiposity during adolescence: The NHLBI Growth and Health Study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Black women are particularly vulnerable to obesity, with a prevalence rate of >50%. The higher mortality and morbidity from cardiovascular disease, stroke, and diabetes have been attributed, in part, to their obesity. In recent years, a particular public health concern is the increasing secular trend in obesity with an even greater racial disparity, especially in girls and women. Between the early 1960s and late 1980s, the prevalence of obesity tripled in young black girls 6 to 11 years of age, while it doubled in white girls. Similarly, both overweight and obesity in adolescent girls 12 to 17 years of age also increased, with a greater increase again seen in adolescent black girls. This secular trend in obesity with a greater increase in black girls signals a potentially grave future chronic disease burden on black women, which is already higher than in white women. The increasing occurrence in children and adolescents of noninsulin-dependent diabetes, traditionally viewed as an adult-onset condition, may be a consequence of the currently high prevalence of obesity in American youth. Not surprisingly, this condition is seen more frequently among black youths. Prepubescent black girls are generally leaner than age-comparable white girls, but by 20 years of age, black women are considerably heavier than are white women. Thus, it is assumed that the racial disparity in adiposity evolves during adolescence. However, the specific age at which this occurs and underlying factors are yet to be identified because of the current paucity of longitudinal cohort data. OBJECTIVES: In 1985, the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI) initiated a 10-year longitudinal multicenter study (the NHLBI Growth and Health Study [NGHS]) to investigate the development of obesity in black and white girls during adolescence and its environmental, psychosocial, and cardiovascular disease risk factor correlates. The purpose of this report is to examine the natural history of adiposity and weight accretion during adolescence in a biracial cohort of girls to investigate the evolution of the racial divergence in adiposity and to examine the relationships between increases in adiposity and pubertal maturation, energy intake, and physical activity. PARTICIPANTS AND SETTING: A total of 2379 black (51%) and white (49%) girls, 9 to 10 years of age, were recruited from public and parochial schools in Richmond, California, and Cincinnati, Ohio, and from families enrolled in a large health maintenance organization in the Washington, DC area. Participant eligibility was limited to girls and their parents who declared themselves as being either black or white and who lived in racially concordant households. DESIGN AND STATISTICAL ANALYSIS: The NGHS is a multicenter prospective study of black and white girls with annual visits from 9 to 10 years of age through 18 to 19 years of age. The follow-up rate was 89% at the 10th annual visit. Skinfold measurements were obtained at the triceps, suprailiac, and subscapular sites with Holtain calipers. Sexual maturation was assessed by trained registered nurses. The onset of menarche was ascertained annually by questionnaire. All clinical assessments were conducted using a common protocol by centrally trained staff. Longitudinal regression (generalized estimating equations) models were used to examine the relationship between adiposity and race, age, pubertal maturation, daily energy intake, and physical activity. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The main outcome measure was the sum of skinfolds (SSF) at the triceps, subscapular, and suprailiac sites as an index of adiposity for comparison between the 2 racial groups. Body mass index (BMI; weight in kilograms divided by height in meters, squared) distributions were examined by age and race. RESULTS: Racial differences in SSF, unadjusted for maturation, were evident at 10 years of age. For each chronological age, there was a higher proportion of black girls with more advanced pubertal maturation than white girls. The 15th percentiles for SSF were similar and remained thus throughout the study. The median for SSF for black girls, although similar to the median SSF of white girls at 9 years of age, became greater for black girls at 12 years of age (36 mm vs 32.5 mm) and at age 19 years the difference was 6 mm (49.5 mm vs 43.5 mm). In contrast, the difference in the 85th as well as the 95th percentile values for SSF were substantially higher in black girls at all ages (9 mm and 10 mm, or 18% and 15%, respectively, at age 9 years) and these racial differences widened with age (20 mm and 26 mm, or 25% and 24%, respectively, by age 19 years). The racial difference in the median BMI increased from 0.4 to 2.3 kg/m(2) between ages 9 and 19 years. Unlike SSF at the 15th percentile, the BMI for lean 9-year-old black girls was ~3% higher than whites. (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED) FAU - Kimm, S Y
Early Adiposity Rebound and Premature Adrenarche.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To examine differences in the growth pattern and the age at adiposity rebound (AR) between children with premature adrenarche (PA) and their healthy peers (controls). STUDY DESIGN: In this cross-sectional study of 82 prepubertal children with PA and 63 controls, the main outcome measures were height and body mass index SDS progression, from birth to presentation at the clinic, baseline biochemical and hormonal evaluation, bone age determination, and age at AR. RESULTS: Children with PA were significantly taller and more adipose than controls from the first years of life. 33% of children with PA presented the growth pattern of constitutional advancement of growth (ie, early growth acceleration) vs 19% of controls (P = .045). Children with PA had an earlier AR compared with controls; mean age at AR in girls with PA was 3.73 (1.03) years vs 4.93 (1.36) years for control girls (P = .001) and in boys with PA was 3.45 (0.73) vs 5.10 (1.50) years in control boys (P = .048). Both obese and nonobese girls with PA were taller and had earlier age at AR compared with nonobese controls. CONCLUSIONS: Early AR and constitutional advancement of growth may be triggering factors for adrenal androgen production and PA.
The spectrum of clinical paediatric endocrinology: 28 years of referrals to an individual consultant.$$$ AIM: To review referrals throughout the career of an individual paediatric endocrinologist. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study in metropolitan clinics in Queensland analysed details of all 9062 patients aged<18 years referred between January 1980 and December 2007 to determine the proportion of diagnoses in major disease categories and changes in referral patterns over time. RESULTS: Short stature (29%), type-1 diabetes mellitus (20%) and pubertal disorders (12%) accounted for most cases, with thyroid disorders (7%), obesity (6%), tall stature (5%) and hypothalamic-pituitary disorders (4%) the next commonest. An organic cause for short stature, early puberty, late puberty, tall stature and obesity was found in 39%, 32%, 19%, 15% and 6% of cases, respectively. Boys were more likely to present with short stature or delayed puberty, and girls with tall stature and early puberty. Substantially fewer boys than girls were diagnosed in infancy with congenital adrenal hyperplasia, suggesting that some may be dying undiagnosed. Comparisons between 1980 and 1984, and 2000-2004 revealed increases in the percentage of referrals for type-1 diabetes mellitus (particularly in the young), early puberty, hypothalamic-pituitary and bone disorders, and decreases in those for short and tall stature. CONCLUSIONS: Disorders of growth and puberty accounted for 52% of referrals and many have an organic cause. A neonatal screening programme for congenital adrenal hyperplasia is overdue. Changing attitudes to short and tall stature and a profound increase in new cases of diabetes mellitus indicate that substantially greater resources for treatment of childhood diabetes mellitus will be required in future. FAU - Thomsett, Michael J
Growth environment and sex differences in lipids, body shape and diabetes risk.$$$ BACKGROUND: Sex differences in lipids and body shape, but not diabetes, increase at puberty. Hong Kong Chinese are mainly first or second generation migrants from China, who have shared an economically developed environment for years, but grew up in very different environments in Hong Kong or contemporaneously undeveloped Guangdong, China. We assessed if environment during growth had sex-specific associations with lipids and body shape, but not diabetes. METHODOLOGY AND PRINCIPAL FINDINGS: We used multivariable regression in a population-based cross-sectional study, undertaken from 1994 to 1996, of 2537 Hong Kong Chinese residents aged 25 to 74 years with clinical measurements of ischaemic heart disease (IHD) risk, including HDL-cholesterol, ApoB, diabetes and obesity. Waist-hip ratio was higher (mean difference 0.01, 95% CI 0.001 to 0.02) in men, who had grown up in an economically developed rather than undeveloped environment, as was apolipoprotein B (0.05 g/L, 95% CI 0.001 to 0.10), adjusted for age, socio-economic status and lifestyle. In contrast, the same comparison was associated in women with lower waist-hip ratio (-0.01, 95% CI -0.001 to -0.02) and higher HDL-cholesterol (0.05 mmol/L, 95% CI 0.0004 to 0.10). The associations in men and women were significantly different (p-values<0.001). There were no such differences for diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Growth in a developed environment with improved nutrition may promote higher sex-steroids at puberty producing an atherogenic lipid profile and male fat pattern in men but the opposite in women, with tracking of increased male IHD risk into adult life. FAU - Schooling, C Mary
Early age at menarche, lung function, and adult asthma.$$$ RATIONALE: hormonal and metabolic status appears to influence lung health in women, and there are findings suggesting that early menarche may be related to asthma, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and breast cancer. OBJECTIVES: this study investigates whether age at menarche is related to adult lung function and asthma. METHODS: among participants in the European Community Respiratory Health Survey II, 3,354 women aged 27-57 years from random population samples in 21 centers responded to a questionnaire concerning women's health (1998-2002). Of these women, 2,873 had lung function measurements, 2,136 had measurements of bronchial hyperreactivity, and 2,743 had IgE measurements. Logistic, linear, and negative binomial regression analyses included adjustment for age, height, body mass index, education, smoking, family size, and center. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: FEV(1) and FVC were lower and asthma was more common in women with early menarche. Women reporting menarche at age 10 years or less, as compared with women with menarche at age 13 years (reference category), had lower FEV(1) (adjusted difference, -113 ml; 95% confidence interval [CI], -196 to -33 ml) and FVC (-126 ml; 95% CI, -223 to -28 ml); also lower FEV(1) expressed as a percentage of the predicted value (-3.28%; 95% CI, -6.25 to -0.30%) and FVC expressed as a percentage of the predicted value (-3.63%; 95% CI, -6.64 to -0.62%). Women with early menarche more often had asthma symptoms (odds ratio, 1.80; 95% CI, 1.09-2.97), asthma with bronchial hyperreactivity (odds ratio, 2.79; 95% CI, 1.06-7.34), and higher asthma symptom score (mean ratio, 1.58; 95% CI, 1.12-2.21). CONCLUSIONS: women with early menarche had lower lung function and more asthma in adulthood. This supports a role for metabolic and hormonal factors in women's respiratory health. FAU - Macsali, Ferenc
Childhood obesity: evidence of an association between plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 levels and visceral adiposity.$$$ BACKGROUND: Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) has been considered as a cardiovascular risk factor, mainly because of its strong association with insulin resistance. METHODS: To detect independent predictors of circulating PAI-1 levels in obese pediatric patients, we evaluated 86 subjects (mean age 10.7 +/- 2.8 years), 42 of whom were male (49%). Subjects were divided in two groups according to body mass index (BMI): obese subjects (n=61) and healthy non-obese controls (n=25). They were also divided by pubertal status. Besides anthropometric data, levels of PAI-1, leptin and biochemical markers of metabolic syndrome were measured. RESULTS: The obese group had higher levels of PAI-1, leptin and biochemical markers of metabolic syndrome than nonobese controls (p<0.05). However, multivariate regression analysis showed that only puberty progression (p=0.005) and abdominal circumference/height index (p=0.002) remained independent predictors of PAI-1 levels. CONCLUSION: In pediatric obesity, fat mass accumulation, mainly of visceral fat, and puberty progression were related to high PAI-1 levels, which might in turn contribute to cardiovascular risk. FAU - Mantovani, Rafael M
Catecholamines, adiponectin, and insulin resistance as measured by HOMA in children with obstructive sleep apnea.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) has been implicated in the pathophysiology of metabolic syndrome. Its contribution to insulin resistance is complicated by obesity and puberty. We hypothesized that OSA is associated with worse insulin resistance and lower adiponectin after adjustment for obesity and puberty and that catecholamines might mediate these changes. METHODS: Normal controls and children with suspected OSA were recruited and categorized as pubertal or prepubertal. Overnight polysomnography (PSG) was performed. Subjects were categorized as OSA for total apnea hypopnea index (Total-AHI) > or = 1.5 events/h. Fasting blood glucose, insulin, adiponectin, and 24-hour urinary catecholamines were obtained. Homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA) was calculated. The independent effects of OSA upon HOMA, adiponectin, and urinary catecholamines following adjustment for body mass index (BMI) were determined. RESULTS (median; min, max): Subjects (n = 98, 42F; 11 +/- 4 years, 37 prepubertal) were generally overweight (BMI-Z = 2.1; -3, 4.1) and had wide-ranging insulin sensitivities (HOMA = 2.7; 0.5, 27) and PSG parameters (Total-AHI = 1.6; 0, 185). The risks of elevated insulin (P = 0.04) and HOMA (P = 0.05) were higher in OSA vs non OSA obese pubertal children. Polysomnographic markers of OSA, including Total-AHI (P = 0.001, R2 = 0.32), were negatively associated with adiponectin in pubertal children. Total-AHI and oxygen desaturation were associated with higher urinary normetanephrine and norepinephrine. CONCLUSIONS: In obese pubertal children, OSA was associated with worse insulin resistance. Worsening OSA was associated with lower adiponectin and increasing urinary catecholamines. Whether OSA directly lowers adiponectin and aggravates a predisposition to insulin resistance is unknown, but these preliminary findings highlight the importance of further studying pediatric OSA. FAU - Kelly, Andrea
Use of a Gonadotropin-releasing Hormone Analog to Treat Idiopathic Central Precocious Puberty Is Not Associated with Changes in Bone Structure in Postmenarchal Adolescents.$$$ STUDY OBJECTIVES: To evaluate bone quantity and quality in postmenarchal adolescents treated for idiopathic central precocious puberty (CPP) in childhood with a gonadotropin-releasing hormone analog (GnRHa) and to determine the serum concentrations of bone remodeling markers. DESIGN AND PARTICIPANTS: This cross-sectional study included 53 postmenarchal adolescent girls who were divided into 2 groups: 27 adolescents who were treated with GnRHa in childhood for idiopathic CPP (the CPP group) and 26 women who presented with physiological development of secondary sex traits (the control group). INTERVENTIONS: None. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Weight, height, body mass index, age at menarche, time since menarche, body composition, bone mineral density (BMD), bone quality, and serum insulin, glucose, osteocalcin, and carboxyl-terminal telopeptide of type I collagen concentrations were compared in the 2 groups. BMD data were analyzed by using both dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry (DXA) and osteosonography, and body composition was measure with the use of DXA and electrical bioimpedance. RESULTS: BMD and bone quality did not differ significantly between the CPP and control groups when analyzed by using DXA or osteosonography. Serum osteocalcin concentration was significantly lower (P = .02) in the CPP than in the control group. Insulin was higher in the CPP group, and hyperinsulinemia was an independent predictor of bone quantity and quality assessed by using osteosonography. Body mass index and percent fat were determined by using DXA, and the duration of use of GnRHa treatment and the time since GnRHa discontinuation were not independent predictors of bone quantity and quality. CONCLUSION: Postmenarchal adolescents treated with GnRHa for CPP in childhood did not show a reduction in bone quantity or quality.
Insulin resistance in adolescents with menstrual irregularities.$$$ PURPOSE: To assess the presence of insulin resistance as well as the incidence of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) in adolescents with menstrual disorders. METHODS: A case-control study was conducted with 34 adolescents during the period of 2 to 4 years after menarche. The patients were divided into two groups: group I (G I) with 22 patients with menstrual irregularity, and group II (G II) with 12 patients with regular menstrual cycles. Body mass index and Ferriman-Gallway index were calculated for all patients, who also received a pelvic ultrasound. We measured DHEA-S, 17 hydroxyprogesterone, testosterone, TSH, LH, FSH, and prolactin in serum sample and conducted the glucose tolerance test with 75 mg dextrose with measurement of glucose and insulin. RESULTS: Mean +/- SD ovary volume was larger in G I (11.38 +/- 4.06 cm(3)) than in G II (7.72 +/- 5.59 cm(3)); P < 0.05. DHEA-S (G I = 47.23; G II = 38.38 microg/dl) and testosterone (G I = 54.19; G II = 32.53 ng/dl) levels were higher in patients with menstrual irregularity. In G I we detected two patients with diabetes mellitus and one patient with glucose intolerance. Sixteen patients in this group had clinical or hormonal characteristics of PCOS. The mean values of the area under the insulin curve (AUIC) were higher in patients with menstrual irregularities (8,556.52 muIU/mL/2 h) than in controls (5,743.38 microIU/mL/2 h); P < 0.05. CONCLUSIONS: The presence of PCOS was detected in 95% of the adolescents with menstrual irregularity. Patients with menstrual disorders presented higher AUIC values than controls. FAU - Fernandes, Adriana Rodrigues
IGF-1 assessed by pubertal status has the best positive predictive power for GH deficiency diagnosis in peripubertal children.$$$ Background When evaluating peripubertal short stature patients, the interpretation of insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) levels based on chronological age (CA) can be inaccurate due to the influence of sex steroids and, presently, there is no evidence to support the assessment of IGF-1 values according to bone age (BA) and pubertal status (PS). Our objective was to assess the discriminatory performance of IGF-1 levels based on CA, BA and PS in the diagnosis of growth hormone (GH) deficiency. Methods We evaluated IGF-1 levels from 154 peripubertal short stature patients classified as GH deficient (GHD, n=23) or non-GHD (n=131). IGF-1 was assayed by a chemiluminescent immunometric assay and transformed into standard deviation scores (SDS) according to CA (IGF-1-SDS-CA), BA (IGF-1-SDS-BA) and PS (IGF-1-SDS-PS). Results The performances of IGF-1-SDS-CA, IGF-1-SDS-BA and IGF-1-SDS-PS in the receiver operator characteristics (ROC) curves were similar. There were greater accuracy and specificity of IGF-1-SDS-PS (98.4% and 93.3%, respectively) and IGF-1-SDS-BA (92.7% and 90.1%, respectively) when compared to IGF-1-SDS-CA (65.6% and 69.5%, respectively). The post-test probability of the IGF-1-SDS was also improved when compared to PS and BA - 44.8% (IGF-1-SDS-PS), 16.8% (IGF-1-SDS-BA) and 5.1% (IGF-1-SDS-CA), with similar negative predictive values. Conclusions The evaluation of IGF-1 levels based on CA has a higher sensitivity than those based on BA or PS, which justify its use as a screening tool. Additionally, IGF-1 assessed by PS has the best positive predictive power for GHD diagnosis in peripubertal age and could reduce the necessity of a second GH stimulation test. FAU - Inoue-Lima, Thais H
Albuminuria and glomerular filtration rate in obese children and adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To describe the frequency of albuminuria in overweight and obese children and adolescents and to relate it to the severity of obesity, pubertal staging, associated morbidities and the glomerular filtration rate. METHOD: Cross-sectional study including 64 overweight and obese children and adolescents between 5 and 19 years of age. DATA COLLECTED: weight, height, waist circumference and systemic arterial pressure. LABORATORY TESTS: lipid profile; glycemia and insulin, used to calculate the Homeostasis Model Assessment (HOMA-IR); C-reactive protein; glutamic-pyruvic transaminase and albuminuria in an isolated urine sample (cutoff <30 mg/g). Creatinine was used to calculate the estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR, mL/min/1.73 m2). RESULTS: The mean age was 11.6 ± 3.4 years, 32 (50%) and 29 (45.3%) were male and prepubertal. Forty-six (71.9%) had severe obesity. The frequency and median (min/max) of the observed values for albuminuria (> 30 mg/g) were 14 (21.9%) and 9.4 mg/g (0.70, -300.7 mg/g). The mean eGFR was 122.9 ± 24.7 mL/min/1.73 m2. There was no significant correlation between body mass index, pubertal staging, insulin and HOMA-IR with albuminuria values and neither with eGFR. Children with albuminuria tended to have higher values of diastolic blood pressure (75.0 ± 12.2 vs. 68.1 ± 12.4, p = 0.071). CONCLUSION: Albuminuria, although frequent in children and adolescents with obesity, was not associated with other morbidities and the glomerular filtration rate in these patients. FAU - Sawamura, Luciana Satiko
The epidemiology of diabetes mellitus in the United Kingdom: the Yorkshire Regional Childhood Diabetes Register.$$$ A register of the incidence of Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus in the Yorkshire region of the United Kingdom has been completed. A total of 1,490 subjects aged between 0 and 16 years were identified from 1978 to 1990, giving an incidence of 13.7 per 100,000 (ages 0-14) or 13.6 per 100,000 (ages 0-16), comparable to other recent studies in the United Kingdom. An age-period-cohort analysis shows evidence for a modest drift effect of 1.75% per year (95% confidence interval 0.28 to 3.25%). There is a marked epidemic pattern with peaks at 4-year intervals. The age-incidence curve is similar to that reported elsewhere, having peaks in early childhood and puberty. Girls have an earlier pubertal peak than boys. There is substantial seasonal variation in incidence confined to those over 5 years of age. Ascertainment is believed to be very complete, and is estimated to be 97.6% (95% confidence interval 97.2% to 98.1%). FAU - Staines, A
Adverse metabolic profiles in a cohort of obese Irish children.$$$ BACKGROUND: The metabolic characteristics of obese Irish children are not well defined. We prospectively examined the relationship between the degree of obesity and glucose metabolism, insulin sensitivity and suspected non-alcoholic steatohepatosis (NASH) in a pilot study of obese Irish children. METHODS: We measured height, weight, body mass index (BMI), blood pressure, waist and hip circumference in 18 participants (mean age 15.5 years). Fasting blood glucose, insulin, lipid profile and alanine aminotransferase (ALT) concentrations were also measured. A standard 75 g oral glucose tolerance test was performed and insulin sensitivity was derived from this using a mathematical model--oral glucose insulin sensitivity. RESULTS: There were significant associations between the degree of obesity, insulin sensitivity and markers of liver steatosis. For example, when adjusted for pubertal status, there were significant associations between standardized BMI and insulin sensitivity (regression coefficient, beta = -70.1, P = 0.018) and ALT (beta = 20.7, P = 0.007). CONCLUSION: This study suggests that the degree of obesity is associated with lower insulin sensitivity and possible NASH in obese Irish children. FAU - Finucane, F M
Growth hormone treatment in Turner syndrome: results of a multicentre study in Japan. The Committee for the Treatment of Turner Syndrome.$$$ Patients with Turner syndrome were treated with recombinant human growth hormone (GH) for 3 years. Sixty-eight patients received GH, 0.5 IU/kg/week, while 93 received GH, 1.0 IU/kg/week, by daily subcutaneous injection. Both treatment groups showed a statistically significant increase in growth during treatment. However, the higher dose increased height velocity to a significantly greater extent during the first and second year of treatment. The projected adult height was exceeded by 52 of 71 patients over the age of 14 years. Plasma insulin-like growth factor 1 levels were elevated and no remarkable advances in bone age were observed. There were no other significant changes in physical or laboratory parameters. No glucose intolerance was observed. These results indicate that GH treatment is useful for accelerating growth velocity in patients with Turner syndrome. However, further study will be required to find the most appropriate dose. FAU - Takano, K
Randomised controlled trial of recombinant human growth hormone in prepubertal and pubertal renal transplant recipients. British Association for Pediatric Nephrology.$$$ AIMS: To evaluate the efficacy (height velocity (HV), change in height standard deviation score (delta HSDS)), and safety (glomerular filtration rate (GFR), incidence of rejection, and calcium and glucose metabolism) of recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) treatment after renal transplantation. DESIGN: A two year randomised controlled trial. SUBJECTS: Fifteen prepubertal and seven pubertal children: mean (SD) age, 13.0 (2.6) and 15.2 (2.4) years, respectively; mean (SD) GFR, 51 (30) and 48 (17) ml/min/1.73 m2, respectively. Six prepubertal and three pubertal children were controls during the first year; all received rhGH in the second year. RESULTS: In the first year, mean (SE) HV and delta HSDS in the prepubertal treated group increased compared with controls: 8.1 (0.9) v 3.7 (0.6) cm/year and 0.6 (0.1) v -0.3 (0.2), respectively. In the pubertal treated group, mean (SE) HV and delta HSDS were also greater: 10.1 (0.6) v 3.9 (1.3) cm/year and 0.6 (0.1) v -0.1 (0.2), respectively. Comparing all treated and control children, there was no significant change in GFR: treated group, mean (SE) 9.9 (5.4) ml/min/1.73 m2 v control group, -1.6 (7.6) ml/min/1.73 m2. There were also no differences in the incidence of rejection in the first year: eight episodes in 13 patients v five episodes in nine patients, respectively. Phosphate, alkaline phosphatase (ALP), parathyroid hormone (PTH), and fasting insulin concentrations rose during the first year of treatment, but not thereafter. In the second year of treatment, HV remained above baseline. CONCLUSION: Treatment with rhGH improves growth in prepubertal and pubertal children with renal transplants, with no significant change in GFR or the incidence of rejection. Phosphate, ALP, PTH, and insulin increased during the first year of treatment. FAU - Maxwell, H
Endocrine events prior to puberty in heifers: role of somatotropin, insulin-like growth factor-I and insulin-like growth factor binding proteins.$$$ We have utilized active immunization against growth hormone releasing factor (GRF) to investigate relationships among somatotropin (ST), insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I), IGF binding proteins (IGFBP) and ovarian function in heifers. Active immunization against GRF (GRFi) has been demonstrated to abolish episodic release of ST and decrease serum concentrations of IGF-I. In initial experiments investigating onset of puberty, breeds of heifers differing in growth rate and reproductive traits (Angus, Charolais and Simmental) were immunized against GRF or served as controls (immunized against carrier protein, human serum albumin, HSAi). GRFi decreased rate of muscle and skeletal growth, but increased deposition of adipose tissue. In Angus and Charolais, but not Simmental heifers, GRFi at 6 mo of age significantly delayed onset of puberty beyond 18 mo of age. Retrospective analyses of serum IGF-I revealed that GRFi heifers reaching puberty at a normal age had greater pre-treatment (6 mo of age) IGF-I than GRFi heifers in which puberty was delayed. Collectively, these results strongly indicate that the bovine hypothalamic-hypophyseal-ovarian axis is particularly sensitive to changes in metabolism at or near 6 mo of age. Another series of experiments tested the hypothesis that lowering serum IGF-I via GRFi initially at 3 mo of age would increase the percentage of Angus and Simmental heifers not reaching puberty. Three mo old Angus and Simmental heifers were assigned to GRFi (n = 18), HSAi (n = 14) or received no treatment (controls, n = 16). HSAi and GRFi heifers were unilaterally ovariectomized (ULO) at 6 mo of age. As anticipated, GRFi at a younger age increased percentage of heifers not reaching puberty; over 75% of control and HSAi heifers reached puberty by 14 mo of age compared to 22% of GRFi heifers. Serum and follicular fluid (FFL; follicles < or = 4 mm) concentrations of IGF-I were suppressed by GRFi. Serum, but not FFL concentrations of IGF binding protein-2 (IGFBP-2) were greater in GRFi than in HSAi heifers. GRFi delayed puberty apparently by suppressing follicular growth because number of follicles < or = 7 mm was significantly lower in GRFi than in HSAi heifers. In conclusion, active immunization against GRF at 3 or 6 months of age delays puberty in beef heifers. Delayed puberty was preceded by suppression of follicular growth, and decreased concentrations of IGF-I in serum and follicular fluid.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS) FAU - Armstrong, J D
Calcium absorption, bone mass accumulation, and kinetics increase during early pubertal development in girls.$$$ To evaluate the changes in calcium and bone mineral metabolism associated with early pubertal development, we performed longitudinal measurements of calcium absorption, calcium kinetics, bone mineral content, and hormonal markers related to puberty in a multiethnic group of girls beginning when they were 7 or 8 yr old. Girls were Tanner stage 1 (breast) at the start of the study. They were placed on a 1200 mg/day dietary calcium intake and studied at approximately 6-month intervals until they reached Tanner stage 2 (breast). Results at that time point (PUB) were compared to values obtained approximately 1 yr earlier (LatePRE) and those 1 yr before that (EarlyPRE). We found an increase in calcium absorption comparing PUB to LatePRE (n = 34; 36.6 +/- 8.7% vs. 30.7 +/- 9.9%; P = 0.002). Using whole body, dual energy, x-ray absorptiometry scanning, we found an increase in calcium gain during the LatePRE to PUB period compared with that during the EarlyPRE to LatePRE period (135 +/- 53 vs. 110 +/- 45 mg/day; P = 0.04). Calcium kinetic studies showed a significant increase in the bone calcium deposition rate (Vo+) during the PUB compared to the LatePRE period. Hormonal and biochemical markers of bone development were also significantly increased at PUB compared to LatePRE. Hormonal activity, as evidenced by the unstimulated LH level, was significantly correlated with calcium gain between the LatePRE and PUB studies and the bone calcium deposition rate in the PUB study. These data demonstrate, using multiple independent methods, an increase in calcium utilization associated with the earliest physical signs of puberty. FAU - Abrams, S A
Factors associated with insulin resistance among children and adolescents perinatally infected with HIV-1 in the pediatric HIV/AIDS cohort study.$$$ BACKGROUND/AIMS: Because of prior inconsistent findings, we studied a large cohort of HIV-infected children to determine: (1) prevalence of insulin resistance (IR); (2) anthropometric and clinical correlates of IR, and (3) concomitant abnormalities of glucose tolerance. METHODS: The study population consisted of 451 children from the Pediatric HIV/AIDS Cohort Study. The outcome of interest was HOMA-IR. Covariates included demographic, metabolic, growth, body composition, HIV laboratory tests, and treatment characteristics. Children meeting triggers for IR underwent oral glucose tolerance tests and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) measurements. RESULTS: Among 402 children with glucose and insulin measurements, 15.2% had IR of whom 79% were pubertal. IR was associated with higher alanine aminotransferase, body mass index, and nadir CD4%, Tanner stage 5, and ever having received amprenavir. Of those with IR, three had impaired fasting glucose (IFG), three impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), one IFG and IGT, none diabetic glucose tolerance, and three HbA1c between 6.1 and 6.5%. CONCLUSION: In our cohort of HIV-infected adolescents, we observed a 15.2% prevalence of IR more closely linked to obesity than any other variable. This finding mirrors the high prevalence of obesity-mediated IR in American youth. However, associations with CD4 count and use of protease inhibitors may indicate some effect of HIV and/or its treatment.
Higher insulin, triglycerides, and blood pressure with greater trunk fat in Tanner 1 Chinese.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aims of this study were to investigate the body fat distribution pattern in prepubertal Chinese children and to investigate the relationship between central fat distribution and specific biomarkers of cardiovascular disease. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: The study was conducted in an urban Mainland Chinese (Jinan, Shandong) sample of children using a cross-sectional design. Pubertal status was determined by Tanner criteria. Measurements included weight, height, waist circumference, DXA measures of total body fat and trunk fat; fasting serum measures of glucose, insulin, triglyceride, cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol; and systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Multiple regression models were developed with the biomarkers of cardiovascular risk factor as the dependent variables, and adjustments were made for significant covariates, including sex, age, height, weight, waist circumference, total body fat, trunk fat, and interactions. RESULTS: A total of 247 healthy prepubertal subjects were studied. After co-varying for age, weight, height, and extremity fat (the sum of arm fat and leg fat), girls had greater trunk fat than boys (p<0.0001, R2 for model=0.95). Insulin and triglyceride were positively related to central fat measured by DXA-trunk fat (p<0.05) but not related to the waist circumference. In the blood pressure model, waist circumference was a significant predictor of both systolic blood pressure and diastolic blood pressure, while DXA-trunk fat was associated with diastolic blood pressure only. Significant interactions between sex and trunk fat, and sex and total fat, were found in relation to diastolic blood pressure. DISCUSSION: In prepubertal Chinese children, greater trunk fat was significantly associated with higher insulin and triglyceride in boys and girls and was associated with higher diastolic blood pressure in boys only. FAU - He, Qing
Maturation in Serum Thyroid Function Parameters Over Childhood and Puberty: Results of a Longitudinal Study.$$$ CONTEXT: Serum thyroid hormone levels differ between children and adults, but have not been studied longitudinally through childhood. OBJECTIVE: To assess changes in thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) and thyroid hormone levels over childhood and their interrelationships. DESIGN: Cohort study. SETTING: The Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children, a population-based birth cohort. PARTICIPANTS: A total of 4442 children who had thyroid function measured at age 7, and 1263 children who had thyroid function measured at age 15. Eight hundred eighty-four children had measurements at both ages. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Reference ranges for TSH, free tri-iodothyronine (FT3), free thyroxine (FT4), their longitudinal stability, and interrelationships. RESULTS: Children at age 7 years had a higher FT3 [6.17 pmol/L, standard deviation (SD) 0.62] than children at age 15 (5.83 pmol/L, SD 0.74); P < 0.0001 with 23.2% of children at age 7 having FT3 above the adult reference range. Higher FT3 levels at age 7 in boys (P = 0.0001) and girls (P = 0.04) were associated with attainment of a more advanced pubertal stage at age 13. TSH was positively associated with FT3 at age 7 and age 15 even after adjusting for confounders. In contrast, TSH was negatively associated with FT4. CONCLUSIONS: There are substantial changes in TSH and thyroid hormone levels over childhood, in particular for FT3, which appear to relate to pubertal readiness. Our data provide increased insight into the evolution of the pituitary-thyroid axis over childhood and may have implications for determining optimal ranges for thyroid hormone replacement in children.
Increased eating frequency linked to decreased obesity and improved metabolic outcomes.$$$ BACKGROUND: We previously reported that more frequent eating in overweight minority youth was linked to lower visceral adiposity and circulating triglycerides. The aim of this study was to examine this issue in more detail by assessing the relationship between eating frequency and adiposity and metabolic disease risk in a cohort of exclusively overweight Hispanic youth. METHODS: This analysis included 191 overweight (⩾ 85th percentile body mass index (BMI)) Hispanic youth (8-18 years) with the following cross-sectional measures: height, weight, BMI, dietary intake via multiple 24 h recalls, body composition via dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, lipids and insulin action (insulin sensitivity, acute insulin response (AIR) and disposition index, a measure of β-cell function) via a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test. Each eating occasion (EO) was defined as ⩾ 50 calories and ⩾ 15 min from any prior EO. Infrequent eaters (IEs) were classified as any subject who ate <3 EOs on any dietary recall (n = 32), whereas frequent eaters (FEs) always consumed ⩾ 3 EOs (n = 159). RESULTS: Using analyses of covariance, FEs compared with IEs consumed 23% more calories per day (P ⩽ 0.01), ate 40% more often and consumed 19% less calories per EO (P ⩽ 0.01). FEs also exhibited 9% lower BMI Z-scores (P ⩽ 0.01), 9% lower waist circumferences (P ⩽ 0.01), 29% lower fasting insulin (P = 0.02), 31% lower HOMA-IR (Homeostatic Model Assessment: Insulin Resistance) values (P = 0.02) and 19% lower triglycerides (P ⩽ 0.01), as well as an 11% higher AIR (P = 0.02) and 31% higher disposition index (P=0.01). The following a priori covariates were included: Tanner, sex, body fat and reported energy intake. CONCLUSION: These findings suggest that increased eating frequency is related to decreased obesity and metabolic disease risk in overweight Hispanic youth, despite increases in energy intake. FAU - House, B T
Persistent effects of in utero overnutrition on offspring adiposity: the Exploring Perinatal Outcomes among Children (EPOCH) study.$$$ AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: We previously showed that intrauterine exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases selected markers of adiposity in pre-pubertal adolescents. In the present study, we examined these associations in adolescence, and explored whether they are strengthened as the participants transition through puberty. METHODS: Data from 597 individuals (505 unexposed, 92 exposed) participating in the longitudinal Exploring Perinatal Outcomes among Children (EPOCH) study in Colorado were collected at two research visits when the participants were, on average, 10.4 and 16.7 years old. Adiposity measures included BMI, waist/height ratio, and visceral and subcutaneous adipose tissue (as determined by MRI). Separate general linear mixed models were used to assess the longitudinal relationships between exposure to maternal GDM and each adiposity outcome. We tested whether the effect changed over time by including an interaction term between exposure and age in our models, and whether the associations were explained by postnatal behaviours. RESULTS: Compared with unexposed participants, those exposed to maternal GDM had higher BMI (β = 1.28; 95% CI 0.35, 2.21; p < 0.007), waist/height ratio (β = 0.03; 95% CI 0.01, 0.04; p = 0.0004), visceral adipose tissue (β = 4.81; 95% CI 1.08, 8.54; p = 0.01) and subcutaneous adipose tissue (β = 35.15; 95% CI 12.43, 57.87; p < 0.003). The magnitude of these differences did not change over time and the associations did not appear to be explained by postnatal behaviours. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Our data provide further evidence that intrauterine exposure to maternal GDM is associated with increased offspring adiposity, an effect that appears early in life and tracks throughout adolescence. Efforts to prevent childhood obesity following intrauterine exposure to maternal GDM should target the prenatal or early life periods. FAU - Hockett, Christine W
Serum levels of adiponectin and IGFBP-1 in short children born small for gestational age.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to quantify serum adiponectin concentrations in short children born small for gestational age (SGA) compared with those in children born appropriate for gestational age (AGA), and to assess the relationship between the serum levels of adiponectin and insulin-like growth factor binding protein-1 (IGFBP-1) known as a predictor of the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Sixteen prepubertal short children born SGA and 20 short children born AGA, matched for age, body mass index, height, pubertal status, gestational age, bone age and midparental height, were included in the study. The serum levels of adiponectin, IGFBP-1, insulin and insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) were measured in the fasting state. RESULTS: The levels of serum adiponectin were significantly lower in the SGA than in AGA children (10.5 +/- 4.2 vs. 13.9 +/- 5.1 micro g/ml, P < 0.05). The levels of serum IGFBP-1, insulin and IGF-I were all similar in both groups. Overall, there was a significant positive correlation between adiponectin and IGFBP-1 (r = 0.40, P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that hypoadiponectinaemia in short SGA children without catch-up growth may reflect insulin resistance and imply a higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus. Additionally, adiponectin may be a more sensitive indicator for latent insulin resistance than IGFBP-1 in short SGA children. FAU - Kamoda, Tomohiro
Limited joint mobility in diabetes mellitus of childhood: natural history and relationship to growth impairment.$$$ We report a prospective study of the recently recognized complication of limited joint mobility in childhood diabetes, summarizing data collected over the seven years after the initial description of this sign. Of 309 patients, ranging in age from 1 to 28 years, 30% had limited joint mobility. No race or sex influence on expression of limited joint mobility was found; its appearance was temporally more influenced by age than by duration of diabetes. Of 142 patients with diabetes onset before puberty and of longer than three years' duration, 74 had limited joint mobility. Disproportionate distribution of height percentiles for age characterized this entire group, but those with limited joint mobility had four times the skewing of those without (74 vs 37% below the twenty-fifth percentile). The presence or absence of thyroid microsome or islet cell antibodies did not relate significantly to limited joint mobility. Diabetes control, assessed subjectively by clinical estimation and objectively by hemoglobin A1 levels, was generally unrelated to the joint findings. For patients with diabetes duration less than five years, there was a significant association between hemoglobin A1 and limited joint mobility, but the variability in values explained by this association was small (11%). FAU - Rosenbloom, A L
The COMT val158met polymorphism is associated with early pubertal development, height and cortical bone mass in girls.$$$ Estrogens are involved in accretion of bone mass during puberty. Catechol-O-Methyltransferase (COMT) is involved in the degradation of estrogens. In this cross-sectional study we investigated associations between the COMT val158met polymorphism, which results in a 60-75% difference in enzyme activity between the val (high activity = H) and the met (low activity = L) variant, and skeletal phenotypes in 246 healthy pre/early pubertal girls. Girls with COMT(LL) were 5.4 cm taller than COMT(HH) girls. Dual x-ray absorptiometry showed higher values of bone mineral content (BMC), and larger areas of total body, femur and spine in COMT(LL). Cortical BMC, measured by peripheral quantitative computerized tomography in the tibia, was 9.8% higher in COMT(LL) compared with COMT(HH). This was due to a larger cortical cross sectional area while the cortical volumetric bone mineral density was not associated with COMT genotype. COMT(LL) girls had higher serum levels of free estradiol and insulin like growth factor. Regression models indicated that COMT genotype exerted effects on skeletal growth mainly via a regulation of free estradiol, resulting in an affected pubertal development (Tanner staging). We propose that the COMT(LL) genotype results in higher free estradiol levels and earlier pubertal development, leading to an increased skeletal growth in pre/early pubertal girls. Possible consequences for the adult skeleton however can be determined only after cessation of growth. FAU - Eriksson, Anna-Lena
The Hekinan Children's Study: Design and Profile of Participants at Baseline.$$$ BACKGROUND: The early life environment is now recognized as a key factor contributing to susceptibility to certain diseases in later life. METHODS: We initiated a cohort study among school children in 2011 to primarily investigate the associations between lifestyle and environmental factors and some surrogate markers of chronic diseases, such as cardiometabolic risk factors (ie, obesity, high blood pressure, high blood glucose, insulin, or lipids) and cancer risk factors (ie, height and age at menarche). A baseline questionnaire asked for information, including demographic variables, medical history and use of medication, dietary habits, physical activity, sleep habits, and behavioral and emotional problems of children. Follow-up surveys are planned for the fourth grade of elementary school and the first grade of junior high school. At these follow-up surveys, fasting blood samples will be obtained to measure cardiometabolic markers. We also checked the validity of a food frequency questionnaire, which was originally created for 6-year-olds but was modified for use in older children. RESULTS: A total of 3,141 first-year students at elementary schools in Hekinan City, Aichi Prefecture, participated in the study. The response rate was 87.4%. The means of age and body mass index were 6.99 (standard deviation, 0.28) years and 15.3 (standard deviation, 1.7) kg/m(2), respectively, in the 3,067 Japanese children (1,639 boys and 1,428 girls). CONCLUSIONS: This cohort will reveal determinants of cardiometabolic risk factors and cancer risk factors during childhood. FAU - Nagata, Chisato
[Risk factors for the development of endometrial cancer in uterine myoma].$$$ It was shown that the risk for endometrial cancer development in uterine myoma increases 43-fold in cases of diabetes mellitus, hypertension and obesity, 20-fold in adnexitis, 15-fold in hyperplastic endometrial lesions and 9.8-fold in the multipara. FAU - Mezinova, N N
Inside out the Ragbag of Glucose Intolerance in Obese Adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND/AIMS: The prevalence of impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) is rising among obese adolescents in parallel with epidemic obesity. In some cases, IGT reverts to normal glucose tolerance (NGT) by the end of puberty. The aims of the present study were to investigate metabolic factors determining changes over time of glucose at 120 min (Glu120) following an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), and to verify whether preserved β-cell glucose sensitivity (βCGS) protects against persistent IGT. METHODS: We performed a cohort study of 153 severely obese children and adolescents evaluated with a 5-point OGTT at baseline and at follow-up with measurements of glucose, insulin, and C-peptide to estimate several empirical parameters of insulin sensitivity (includ ing oral glucose insulin sensitivity [OGIS] and OGTT-derived glucose effectiveness) and secretion. RESULTS: At follow-up (range 0.9-4.8 year), 113 (73.9%) patients remained with NGT, 9 (5.9%) had IGT, and 28 (18.3%) had reverted to NGT; 3 NGT patients had developed IGT. In multivariable models, change in loge(βCGS) was inversely associated with time-related change in loge(Glu120), with (model 2) and without (model 1) correction for the change in loge(OGIS). Model 2 was more strongly associated with change in loge(Glu120). CONCLUSIONS: Changes in βCGS and insulin sensitivity were inversely associated with changes in Glu120 at follow-up, contributing a likely explanation for the reversal of IGT to NGT.
Blood glucose concentrations are reduced in children born small for gestational age (SGA), and thyroid-stimulating hormone levels are increased in SGA with blunted postnatal catch-up growth.$$$ Fetal growth restriction is associated with an increased risk of developing insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes in adulthood. In addition, 10-20% of children born small for gestational age (SGA) do not achieve a normal final height. The purpose of this study was to investigate insulin sensitivity and endocrine status in SGA children, compared with that in children born appropriate for gestational age (AGA). Furthermore, within the SGA group, we aimed to relate postnatal growth to anthropometric, biochemical, and endocrine parameters. Eighty-two SGA children (with a mean age of 8.6 +/- 3.5 yr) and 53 short-AGA children (with a mean age of 9.3 +/- 3.3 yr) were studied. A case-control study was carried out in 26 SGA and 26 short-AGA subjects. For each SGA subject, we selected a short-AGA child matched for sex, age (within 1 yr), pubertal status, body mass index (within 0.5 kg/m(2)), and height (within 0.25 z-score). Children's statures were corrected for their midparental height, and SGA children were subdivided into 2 groups: catch-up growth (CG) group (children with corrected height with at least 0 z-score); and non-CG (NCG) group (subjects with corrected height with less than 0 z-score). Comparing SGA with short-AGA subjects, no significant differences in fasting insulin, fasting glucose/insulin ratio, homeostasis assessment model for insulin resistance, and homeostasis assessment model-beta-cell values were observed. SGA children showed significantly reduced levels of glucose (4.4 +/- 0.6 vs. 4.9 +/- 0.6 mM, P < 0.0001), total cholesterol (160.1 +/- 28.8 vs. 171.8 +/- 28.5 mg/dl, P = 0.02), and high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol (53.3 +/- 12.1 vs. 58 +/- 11.4 mg/dl, P = 0.02). The analysis of the subjects selected for the case-control study confirmed that SGA children did not have significant differences in the indices of insulin sensitivity but showed significantly lower glucose levels (4.4 +/- 0.7 vs. 4.9 +/- 0.4 mM, P < 0.005). Subdividing the SGA group into CG (n = 25) and NCG (n = 57) children, we found that NCG children showed significantly higher levels of TSH (2.5 +/- 1.3 vs. 1.9 +/- 0.6 mU/liter, P = 0.002). Our data indicate that SGA children do not have altered insulin sensitivity when compared with auxologically identical AGA subjects but show a significant reduction of glucose concentrations. Whether the lower glucose levels are attributable to an early phase of augmented insulin sensitivity, as previously reported in animal models, has to be established. The finding of higher TSH concentrations in SGA children with blunted CG suggests that intrauterine reprogramming might involve thyroid function, which, in turn, might affect postnatal growth and cholesterol metabolism, eventually increasing the risk of cardiovascular disease. FAU - Cianfarani, Stefano
Neck circumference: a useful screening tool of cardiovascular risk in children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Early identification of cardiovascular risk factors consists an essential target for public health. The current study aims to examine the association between neck circumference and several cardiovascular risk factors and to compare it with well-established anthropometric indices. METHODS: Demographic, anthropometric (body weight and height, waist, hip and neck circumference [WC, HC and NC, respectively]), biochemical (total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein [HDL] cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein [LDL] cholesterol, triglycerides [TG], fasting plasma glucose and serum insulin), clinical (pubertal stage, systolic and diastolic blood pressure [SBP and DBP, respectively]) and lifestyle (dietary intake, physical activity level) data were collected from 324 children (51.5% boys; 48.5% girls) aged 9-13 in Greece. Body mass index z-score (BMI z-score), waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), waist-to-height ratio (WHtR), homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR), quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) and fasting glucose to insulin ratio (FGIR) were calculated. RESULTS: All indices (BMI z-score, NC, WC, HC, WHR and WHtR) were correlated with SBP, HDL and insulin-related indices (insulin, HOMA-IR, QUICKI and FGIR) and all indices except WHR with TG. LDL was correlated with BMI z-score, WC, WHR and WHtR, whereas DBP was correlated with BMI z-score, WC, HC and WHtR. In multivariate analysis, HDL, TG, SBP, insulin, HOMA-IR, QUICKI and FGIR were associated with all anthropometric indices; DBP with WC, HC, NC and WHtR; LDL with BMI z-score, WC, HC and WHtR. CONCLUSIONS: NC is associated with most cardiovascular disease risk factors. These associations are comparable with those observed for BMI z-score, WC, HC, WHR and WHtR. NC could be a simple, alternative screening tool of cardiovascular risk in children.
Familial isolated growth-hormone deficiency with advanced sexual maturation.$$$ Two brothers, aged 15 1/2 and 13 1/2 years, with dwarfism, microcephaly, and advanced sexual and skeletal maturation are described. One patient was mentally retarded. The parents were first cousins. Endocrine studies of these patients documented low growth-hormone levels after clonidine and insulin stimulation and blunted growth-hormone response to growth hormone releasing hormone. Gonadotropin releasing hormone stimulation produced no changes in levels of luteinizing and follicle-stimulating hormones. Basal levels of 17-alpha-hydroxyprogesterone were elevated in the two patients and increased further in response to stimulation with corticotropin. Levels of testosterone, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, and androstenedione were variably increased in both patients and showed a proportional increase on stimulation with human chorionic gonadotropin. To our knowledge, this is the first report of a familial association between growth-hormone deficiency and advanced bone and sexual maturation. A pituitary and an independent adrenal defect could account for the observations in these patients, but in view of the familial recurrence, a common underlying defect is possible. FAU - Kauschansky, A
Symptomatic Rathke cleft cyst in paediatric patients - clinical presentations, surgical treatment and postoperative outcomes - an analysis of 38 cases.$$$ BACKGROUND: Rathke cleft cysts (RCC) are benign, epithelium-lined intrasellar and/or suprasellar cysts believed to originate from the remnants of the Rathke pouch. The aim of this study was to analyse the symptoms and surgical outcome of patients with the diagnosis of RCC verified in a histopathological examination of the postoperative material. METHODS: The study is a retrospective analysis of 38 cases of children who underwent a neurosurgical treatment due to RCC at the Children's Memorial Health Institute in Warsaw, Poland, between 1994 and 2015. RESULTS: At diagnosis, the mean age was 13 years and 8 months (6 years and 11 months-17 years and 10 months, sex ratio was 1:0.9 with a female prevalence). The most common symptoms were the following: headache (50%), hypothyroidism (50%), short stature and/or decreased growth velocity (47%), delayed puberty and menstrual abnormalities (37%), diabetes insipidus or polydipsia and polyuria (26%), adrenal dysfunction (26%), sleepiness and general weakness (13%) and visual disturbances (11%). Due to the gravity of symptoms and size of the lesion, all the patients underwent a surgical treatment. All but one were successful (one patient died due to postoperative neurosurgical complications). The most common postoperative complications were the following: adenohypopituitarism (67%) and diabetes insipidus (45%). CONCLUSIONS: RCC can present with serious symptoms that significantly deteriorate patients' quality of life. Despite a successful neurosurgical treatment in most of the analysed cases, patients required long-term pharmacological treatment. FAU - Prokop-Piotrkowska, Monika
The relationships between pubertal development, IGF-1 axis, and bone formation in healthy adolescents.$$$ As IGF-1 is the major factor that affects bone growth, and both osteocalcin and bone-specific alkaline phosphatase are important markers of bone formation during puberty, there must be a relationship between these markers that does not change according to sex. The aim of this study was to investigate the relationships between pubertal development, the IGF-1 axis, and bone formation in healthy adolescents. Two hundred and five healthy children and adolescents were included in this cross-sectional study. Tanner's classification was used to determine the pubertal developmental stage. Serum IGF-1 levels and IGF-1/IGFBP-3 ratios increased with advancing pubertal stages, and maximum mean values were found at stages III-IV in girls and at stage IV in boys. Serum IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 levels were significantly correlated with osteocalcin and bone-specific alkaline phosphatase levels in boys, but not in girls. This difference between the sexes, and the relation of the IGF-1 axis to increased bone formation during puberty in both sexes, can be explained by the rate of increase of the IGF-1/IGFBP-3 ratio. We conclude that the timing of the increased bone formation rate during puberty; that is, the timing of the pubertal growth spurt, is determined by the maximum increase rate of the IGF-1/IGFBP-3 ratio. But this new hypothesis needs to be supported by longitudinal studies. FAU - Kanbur, Nuray Oksüz
Concerted actions of insulin-like growth factor 1, testosterone, and estradiol on peripubertal bone growth: a 7-year longitudinal study.$$$ A better understanding of how bone growth is regulated during peripuberty is important for optimizing the attainment of peak bone mass and for the prevention of osteoporosis in later life. In this report we used hierarchical models to evaluate the associations of insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1), estradiol (E(2) ), and testosterone (T) with peripubertal bone growth in a 7-year longitudinal study. Two-hundred and fifty-eight healthy girls were assessed at baseline (mean age 11.2 years) and at 1, 2, 3.5, and 7 years. Serum concentrations of IGF-1, E(2) , and T were determined. Musculoskeletal properties in the left lower leg were measured using peripheral quantitative computed tomography (pQCT). Serum levels of IGF-1, E(2) , and T increased dramatically before menarche, whereas they decreased, plateaued, or increased at a lower rate, respectively, after menarche. IGF-1 level was positively associated with periosteal circumference (PC) and total bone mineral content (tBMC) throughout peripuberty but not after adjustment for muscle cross-sectional area (mCSA). On the other hand, IGF-1 was associated with tibial length (TL) independently of mCSA before menarche. T was positively associated with TL, PC, tBMC, and cortical volumetric bone mineral density, independent of mCSA, before menarche but not after. E(2) was associated with TL positively before menarche but negatively after menarche. These findings suggest that during puberty, circulating IGF-1 promotes bone periosteal apposition and mass accrual indirectly, probably through stimulating muscle growth, whereas the effects of sex steroids on bone growth differ before and after menarche, presenting a biphasic pattern. Hence the concerted actions of these hormones are essential for optimal bone development in peripuberty.
Leptin serum levels are involved in the relapse after weight excess reduction in obese children and adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: Leptin concentrations as a predictor of weight excess (WE) variations in obese children continue to be controversial. AIM AND DESIGN: To evaluate the relationship between fasting leptin serum concentrations and the ability to maintain loss of WE during obesity treatment, 172 (82 males and 90 females) overweight children and adolescents (OW), 6-16 yr old, were recruited. The subjects were retrospectively selected among those who had demonstrated a reduction of their WE during an initial phase of 12 months of a WE reduction programme (WERP). Fasting serum levels of leptin were assayed, together with insulin, triacylglycerol and cholesterol, before (time 0) and at the end of the first phase of WERP (time 1), and BMI (Z-score) was determined at time 0, time 1 and at the end (time 2) of a subsequent second phase of 12 months. OW were subdivided according to wether their Z-BMI showed a persistent reduction also during the second phase (maintaining WE reduction subjects or MS) or showed a subsequent increase after the reduction observed during the first phase (relapsing WE subjects or RS). RESULTS: A significant reduction in serum levels of leptin, insulin and lipids, paralleling Z-BMI reduction, was observed at the end of the first phase of WERP, during which we found a correlation between the decrease in serum leptin concentrations and the decrease in Z-BMI. The decrease in RS during the first phase ((deltalgL(0-1) was significantly greater when compared to that observed in MS (p < 0.05). In two different multiple logistic regression analyses, where RS = 0 and MS = 1, serum leptin at time 1 [odds ratio (OR) = 1.08; 95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.04-1.13] and deltalgL(0-1) (OR = 0.48; 95% CI = 0.25-0.92), together with final pubertal stage (OR = 0.78; 95% CI = 0.63-0.96), were significantly associated with final subject status. CONCLUSIONS: Leptin serum levels after a previous WE reduction and its parallel decline are related to subsequent adiposity outcome. The lower the leptin serum concentration after previous WE reduction and/or the greater its decrease, the greater was the probability of WE relapse. FAU - Celi, F
Effect of prednisolone on linear growth in children with nephrotic syndrome.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study aims at determining the relationship between prednisolone cumulative dose and linear growth in pre-pubertal children with idiopathic nephrotic syndrome. METHOD: This cross-sectional study was conducted on all children with idiopathic nephrotic syndrome registered to the pediatric nephrology department at the main referral children's hospital in Southwestern Iran. Inclusion criteria included age (males <12 years; females <10 years), >6 months of use, and the minimum prednisolone cumulative dose of 152mg/kg. The exclusion criteria were individuals who had entered puberty or had other diseases affecting linear growth. Based on the prednisolone cumulative dose of ≥550mg/kg (four or more relapses), the children were divided into two groups. All data regarding age, height, and weight at disease onset and the last visit, bone age, and the parents' height were collected. Secondary variables including mid-parental target height and predicted adult height were also calculated. Height data were compared between the different rates of relapse. RESULTS: A total of 97 children (68% male) were enrolled. Their post-treatment mean height Z-score was less than that obtained before treatment (-0.584 vs. -0.158; p=0.001). Subjects with higher prednisolone cumulative doses were found to have more reduction in height Z-score (p=0.001). Post-treatment height prediction also showed less growth potential compared to pre-treatment target height (p=0.006). Thirty-three children (34.4%) had four or more relapses, among whom more mean-height Z-score decreases were found compared to those with less-frequent relapses (-0.84 vs. -0.28; p=0.04). CONCLUSION: This study showed the negative effect of cumulative dosages of prednisolone on linear growth, which was greater in children with four or more relapses.
[Associated factors to insulin values in a population-based study in adolescents].$$$ OBJECTIVES: To identify factors that correlate with insulin values and to examine its independent associations among adolescents. METHODS: A cross-sectional population-based study was conducted among adolescents aged 12-16,9 years old. A multi-stage stratified cluster random sampling method was employed. Anthropometric measurements and nutritional survey were performed, and fasting blood samples for insulin were obtained. STATISTICS: Multiple lineal regression. RESULTS: 379 adolescents were included. Mean age was 14.08 ± 1.30 years. Factors associated with higher fasting insulin levels were puberty [β 4.55 (95% IC 0.42-8.69)], abdominal obesity [β 6.11 (95% IC 3.93-8.29)] and to be born small for gestational age (SGA) [β 7.45 (95% IC 2.47-12.44)]. It was observed a negative association between the regular intake of olive oil at home and insulin values [β -4.14 (95% IC -7.31- -0.98)]. CONCLUSIONS: Abdominal obesity and SGA were factors associated with higher fasting insulin values. In contrast, the regular intake of olive oil at home was an independent protective factor.
Correlation between cortisol and components of the metabolic syndrome in obese children and adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: In obese subjects it has been shown that cortisol (F) contributes to the reduction in insulin sensitivity, suggesting a role in the development of the metabolic syndrome (MS). AIM: The aim of this retrospective study was to evaluate the relationship between F and components of MS in 1,027 obese children and adolescents. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Waist circumference, systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SP, DP), F, serum glucose (Glyc), cholesterol HDL, triglycerides and homeostatic model assessment (HOMA index) were evaluated in all subjects. MS was defined according to the International Diabetes Federation criteria. Accordingly, patients were subdivided into three age groups: 6-10, 10-16 and >16 years. RESULTS: In univariate regression analysis, F was correlated with Glyc, SP and HOMA in groups 1 and 2, with DP in Group 2. In multivariate regression analysis including age, sex, puberty, BMI-SDS and F as independent variables and one of the component of the MS as the dependent variable, F was a weak predictor of the variability when DP and Glyc were introduced as dependent variables in Group 2 and when SP was introduced as dependent variable both in groups 1 and 2. When patients were subdivided into subgroups according to the IDF criteria, in Group 2 patients with one or more components of the MS had higher F concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: In this cohort of obese children and adolescents, F was weakly associated with components of the MS. These findings do not support a major role for F in the development of MS. FAU - Guzzetti, C
Biochemical markers of bone turnover in girls during puberty.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Bone turnover and the rate of bone growth increase dramatically during puberty. A number of new assays for the estimation of bone resorption and formation rates have been developed over recent years, and puberty acts as a convenient model for evaluation of these measurements. The aim of this study was to explore the interrelationships between pubertal development, biochemical markers of bone turnover, insulin-like growth factor I and oestradiol in healthy pubertal girls. SUBJECTS: Ninety-one healthy girls (ages 11.6-15.5 years) were studied. All subjects were apparently healthy, and were not taking medications known to influence calcium homeostasis. Breast examination was performed to assess pubertal stage according to Tanner. The adult reference range for biochemical markers of bone turnover was obtained from concurrent studies on 42 healthy premenopausal women ranging in age between 20 and 45 years. DESIGN AND MEASUREMENTS: Blood samples were obtained from subjects between 0800 and 1000 h. Urine samples were collected between 1330 and 1600 h. We measured total and bone specific alkaline phosphatase, osteocalcin, and type I procollagen carboxyterminal propeptide as markers of bone formation. Tartrate resistant acid phosphatase, carboxyterminal pyridinoline cross-linked telopeptide, creatinine corrected urinary deoxypyridinoline, immunoreactive urinary pyridinolines, and urinary galactosyl hydroxylysine were measured as markers of bone resorption. RESULTS: Bone turnover as reflected by each of the markers was maximal in mid puberty (breast Tanner stages II and III) and decreased towards adult levels in late puberty (P < 0.001). However, the magnitude of the mid-pubertal increase differed between markers. In particular, the pubertal increase in levels of bone specific alkaline phosphatase, osteocalcin and urinary deoxypyridinoline were higher than the increase shown by the other markers. All markers were significantly lower after the menarche. Circulating insulin-like growth factor I and insulin like growth factor binding protein-3 were not important determinants of pubertal changes in bone turnover. In contrast, there was a significant negative correlation between oestradiol and all markers of bone formation and resorption during puberty. CONCLUSIONS: The greater pubertal increase in levels of bone specific alkaline phosphatase, osteocalcin and urinary deoxypyridinoline suggests that these markers may be relatively more sensitive as indicators of skeletal health during puberty. The differences between markers may reflect differences in the bone specificity of the analytes, or differing mechanisms of production and clearance. The negative correlation between oestradiol and markers of bone resorption and formation suggests that this hormone may be responsible for the reduction in bone turnover in late puberty. FAU - Blumsohn, A
Menstrual management in developmentally delayed adolescent females.$$$ BACKGROUND: Requests for assistance in menstrual management and menstrual suppression are a common, emotive and sometimes controversial aspect of adolescent disability care. AIMS: To review the uptake and outcomes of menstrual suppression among adolescent patients with developmental delay. METHODS: A retrospective review of the medical records of adolescent females with intellectual disability referred for menstrual management to the Paediatric and Adolescent Gynaecology Clinic, Children's Hospital at Westmead, Sydney, for the three-year period between January 1, 2010 and January 1, 2013. RESULTS: Eighty adolescent patients with developmental delay were identified. A third (n = 28) of the patients were pre-menarcheal at first review with parent/caregivers seeking anticipatory advice. Of the post-menarcheal patients, the median age of menarche was 12 years (range 10-15 years). First and second line interventions were documented as were reasons for change where applicable. The combined oral contraceptive pill (COCP) was the most frequently used therapy (67%), and 19 patients in total had a levonorgestrel releasing intrauterine system (LNG-IUS) inserted (31%). Our study population differs from similar previously published groups in the marked absence of the use of depot medroxyprogesterone acetate or the subdermal etonogestrel releasing device. CONCLUSION: As a paediatrician, it is important to address menstrual management issues and allay caregiver concerns with appropriate advice. Our study supports the use of the COCP as sound first line management in achieving menstrual suppression. The LNG-IUS appears to be a favourable second line option. Further investigation into longer-term outcomes and potential complications of device insertion is recommended.
Association between puberty and features of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.$$$ BACKGROUND & AIMS: Physiological changes that occur during puberty might affect pathologic features of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). We investigated associations between pubertal development and clinical and histopathologic features of NAFLD. METHODS: We studied 186 children (age <18 years, 143 boys) with biopsy-proven NAFLD. The population was divided into 3 groups on the basis of Tanner stage (prepuberty, puberty, and postpuberty). Clinical characteristics and histologic features were compared among groups. Multivariable regression models were used to adjust for potential confounders. RESULTS: After adjusting for other factors, hyperuricemia and low levels of high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol were more prevalent among children who entered puberty with lower levels of quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (P < .05). The degree of steatosis, numbers of Mallory-Denk bodies, and diagnostic categories of NAFLD differed among groups (P < .05). There were potential sex differences in associations between stages of puberty and lobular inflammation, hepatocyte ballooning, and borderline steatohepatitis of zone 3; these were therefore not included in multivariable analyses of the overall population. After adjustment for different sets of confounders, patients at or beyond puberty were less likely to have high-grade steatosis, severe portal inflammation, borderline steatohepatitis (zone 1), or a high stage of fibrosis than patients who had not entered puberty (P < .05). On the contrary, the prevalence of Mallory-Denk body was greater among postpuberty subjects (P = .06). CONCLUSIONS: Steatosis, portal inflammation, and fibrosis are less severe during or after puberty than before puberty among subjects with NAFLD. Postpubescent individuals have a lower prevalence of borderline steatohepatitis of zone 1 but are more likely to have Mallory-Denk bodies. These findings indicate that puberty affects the pathologic features of NAFLD.
Study of Five Pubertal Transition-Related Gene Polymorphisms as Risk Factors for Premature Coronary Artery Disease in a Chinese Han Population.$$$ BACKGROUND: Recently, single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) (DLK-rs10144321, SIX6-rs1254337, MKRN3-rs12148769, LIN28B-rs7759938, and KCNK9-rs1469039) were found to be strongly associated with age at menarche. Recent studies also suggested that age at menarche is a heritable trait and is associated with risks for obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), cardiovascular disease, and all-cause mortality. Since an association between these five SNPs and premature coronary artery disease (CAD) has never been reported, we investigated whether these SNPs are associated with premature CAD and its severity in a Chinese Han population. METHODS: We enrolled 432 consecutive patients including 198 with premature CAD (<55 years in men and <65 years in women) and 234 controls. All subjects were genotyped for the five SNPs by the PCR-ligase detection reaction method. The associations between these SNPs and premature CAD and its severity were analyzed. RESULTS: The following genotypes were identified: GG, AG, and AA at rs10144321 and rs12148769; TT, AT, and AA at rs1254337; CC, CT, and TT at rs1469039; and TT and CT at rs7759938. Significant differences in genotype distribution frequencies at rs1254337 were found between controls and patients with premature CAD (P<0.05). No associations were found between the five SNPs and the severity of coronary lesions (all P>0.05). Compared with controls, patients with premature CAD had a higher prevalence of T2DM and dyslipidemia, and the proportion of patients with T2DM rose significantly with an increase in the number of stenosed coronary vessels (all P<0.05). After adjustment for the clinical parameters in multivariable analysis, three factors were identified that significantly increased the risk of premature CAD: the AA genotype at rs1254337 (OR: 2.388, 95% CI: 1.190-4.792, P = 0.014), male gender (OR: 1.565, 95% CI: 1.012-2.420, P = 0.044), and T2DM (OR 2.252, 95% CI: 1.233-4.348, P = 0.015). CONCLUSIONS: Among the five pubertal transition-related gene polymorphisms, we identified an association between rs1254337 and premature CAD in a Chinese Han population. FAU - Chen, Bin
Hyperglycemia During Pregnancy and Long-Term Offspring Outcomes.$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: This review will focus on the long-term outcomes in offspring exposed to in utero hyperglycemia and gestational diabetes (GDM), including obesity, adiposity, glucose metabolism, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, and puberty. RECENT FINDINGS: There is evidence, mostly from observational studies, that offspring of GDM mothers have increased risk of obesity, increased adiposity, disorders of glucose metabolism (insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes), and hypertension. In contrast, evidence from the two intervention studies of treatment of mild GDM and childhood measures of BMI, adiposity, and glucose tolerance do not demonstrate that GDM treatment significantly reduces adverse childhood metabolic outcomes. Thus, more evidence is needed to understand the impact of maternal GDM on offspring's adiposity, glucose metabolism, lipid metabolism, risk of fatty liver disease, and pubertal onset. Offspring of GDM mothers may have increased risk for metabolic and cardiovascular complications. Targeting this group for intervention studies to prevent obesity and disorders of glucose metabolism is one potential strategy to prevent adverse metabolic health outcomes. FAU - Bianco, Monica E
Poor school performance is associated with a larger gain in body mass index during puberty.$$$ AIM: Social inequalities in type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease may be established in formative school years. We investigated whether school performance is associated with adiposity and increase in body mass index (BMI) between 10 and 15 years of age. METHODS: A community sample of 2633 school children had height and weight measured in school at the ages of 10 and 15. Percentages of body fat and waist circumference were measured at the age of 15. Mean grades in several school subjects at the age of 15 (ninth school year) were divided into quartiles. A linear regression analysis with BMI as the main outcome took into account parental education and ethnicity, obtained from registers, and children's living habits, collected by questionnaires. RESULTS: In adjusted models, longitudinal changes in BMI between the ages of 10 and 15 were larger in the lowest quartiles of school grades compared with the highest: for girls, they were β = 0.45 (p = 0.007) and for boys they were β = 0.45 (p = 0.016). Cross-sectional regression analyses, with percentage of body fat and waist circumference as outcomes, showed similar results. CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that school performance is one pathway to social inequalities in obesity in school children.
Insulin resistance and ferritin as major determinants of abnormal serum aminotransferase in severely obese children.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Liver involvement is a common complication of obesity related in part to insulin resistance. The role of ferritin has not been investigated in children. The aim was to determine the prevalence of liver enzyme abnormalities in severely obese children and to look for relationships between fat mass distribution, insulin resistance, and plasma ferritin. METHODS: 197 children with severe obesity (defined as a body mass index Z-score (BMI-Z) > 3.0) were studied prospectively from 2001 to 2004. Serum alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST) values were measured, as well as anthropometric characteristics: blood pressure; body composition by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry, and plasma fasting glucose, insulin, leptin, lipid, and ferritin concentrations. RESULTS: Serum ALT and AST values were abnormal in 23 (11.7%) and 13 (6.6%) children, respectively. By univariate analysis, serum ALT and AST values were positively correlated with android fat mass distribution (P < 0.0001 and P = 0.005, respectively) after adjustment for age, sex, ethnicity, and Tanner stage. Using the same model, a positive correlation and a positive trend linked plasma ferritin to serum AST (P = 0.02) and serum ALT (P = 0.06), respectively. Serum ALTwas positively correlated to insulin resistance (P = 0.03). Using a multivariate model, with the android/gynoid fat mass ratio as an additional independent variable, ferritin remained correlated with serum AST and ALT (P = 0.001 and P = 0.008, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Abnormal serum aminotransferase values are uncommon in severely obese children in France. Android fat mass distribution, insulin resistance, and higher ferritin concentrations are significantly associated with liver abnormalities in our cohort. FAU - Dubern, Beatrice
Physical activity, sedentary behavior, and the metabolic syndrome in minority youth.$$$ PURPOSE: This study aimed to determine the associations among physical activity, sedentary behavior, and the metabolic syndrome (MetS) in Latino and African American youth using both subjective and objective measures of activity levels. METHODS: Cross-sectional data from 105 participants from three pediatric obesity studies that share a core set of methods and measures (Latino 74%, female 75%, mean age = 13 ± 3 yr) were used. Measures included moderate-to-vigorous physical activity and sedentary behavior by accelerometry and 3-Day Physical Activity Recall (3DPAR), fat and lean tissue mass by BodPod™, fasting glucose, lipids, blood pressure, and waist circumference. Associations between physical activity, sedentary behavior, and MetS were examined using ANCOVA, Pearson correlations, partial correlations, and logistic regressions with adjustments for age, sex, ethnicity, fat and lean mass, and pubertal Tanner stage. RESULTS: Accelerometry data showed that greater time engaging in moderate-to-vigorous physical activity was related to lower odds of the MetS (odds ratio = 0.49, 95% confidence interval = 0.25-0.98), independent of sedentary behavior and covariates, and inversely correlated with fasting glucose (r = -0.21, P = 0.03) and systolic blood pressure (r = -0.25, P = 0.01), adjusting for covariates. Data from the 3DPAR showed that higher levels of sedentary behavior were related to higher odds of the MetS (odds ratio = 4.44, 95% confidence interval = 1.33-14.79), independent of moderate-to-vigorous physical activity and covariates, negatively correlated with HDL-cholesterol (r = -0.21, P = 0.04) and positively correlated systolic blood pressure (r = 0.26, P = 0.009), adjusting for covariates. CONCLUSIONS: Future interventions aiming to improve metabolic health in youth should target both the promotion of physical activity and the reduction of sedentary behavior. Subjective and objective measures should be used in conjunction to better capture activity behaviors. FAU - Hsu, Ya-Wen
Two Japanese infants with congenital generalized lipodystrophy due to BSCL2 mutations.$$$ BACKGROUND: Congenital generalized lipodystrophy (CGL), Berardinelli-Seip syndrome, is a rare autosomal recessive disorder characterized by the generalized absence of adipose tissue at birth, severe insulin resistance early in life, hypertriglyceridemia, hepatomegaly, and the development of diabetes mellitus during puberty. Recently, two genes, BSCL2 and AGPAT2, were identified as causative genes for CGL. It has been reported that patients with BSCL mutations present with more severe clinical findings than those with AGPAT2 mutations. However, the clinical course of CGL caused by BSCL2 mutations in infancy has not been fully elucidated. METHODS: Two Japanese infantile patients with CGL from independent families were examined and underwent an oral glucose tolerance test. Insulin resistance and insulin secretion were estimated using the homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance and the insulinogenic index, respectively. Sequence analysis of the entire coding region of BSCL2 and AGPAT2 was performed. RESULTS: Both CGL patients presented with normal glycemic profiles after oral glucose tolerance tests; however, the values from the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance were elevated and well above the cut-off point for diagnosis of infant insulin resistance in both patients. One patient possessed a known homozygous nonsense mutation in exon 8 (c.823C>T) of BSCL2; the other had a novel homozygous missense mutation in exon 5 (c.560A>G) of BSCL2. CONCLUSION: Japanese CGL patients with BSCL2 mutations presented with severe insulin resistance, even during infancy, prior to the development of diabetes mellitus. FAU - Nishiyama, Atsushi
Menstrual and reproductive factors in the risk of differentiated thyroid carcinoma in young women in France: a population-based case-control study.$$$ The incidence of thyroid cancer has increased in eastern Europe since the Chernobyl nuclear power plant accident. Although the radioactive fallout was much less severe and the thyroid radiation dose was much lower in France, a case-control study was initiated in eastern France. The present study included 633 young women who were diagnosed with differentiated thyroid cancer before 35 years of age between 2002 and 2006 and matched with 677 controls. Face-to-face interviews were conducted from 2005 to 2010. Odds ratios were calculated using conditional logistic regressions and were reported in the total group and by histopathological type of cancer ("only papillary" and "excluding microcarcinomas"). The risk of thyroid cancer was higher in women who had a higher number of pregnancies, used a lactation suppressant, or had early menarche. Conversely, breastfeeding, oral contraceptive use, and late age at first pregnancy were associated with a lower risk of thyroid cancer. No association was observed between thyroid cancer and having irregular menstrual cycle, undergoing treatment for menstrual cycle regularity shortly after menarche, having a cessation of menstruation, use of another contraceptive, history of miscarriage or abortion for the first pregnancy, or having had gestational diabetes. This study confirms the role of hormonal and reproductive factors in thyroid cancer, and our results support the fact that exposure to estrogens increases thyroid cancer risk.
Rising incidence of type 1 diabetes in Hungarian children (1978-1987). Hungarian Childhood Diabetes Epidemiology Group.$$$ A retrospective epidemiological study using primary data sources and external validation was conducted to assess the incidence of childhood (0 to 14 years) Type 1 diabetes in Hungary (excluding the Budapest region) over a 10-year period. Hospital records and regional diabetes centres' registries served as primary data sources, and data were validated by using the records of summer camps for diabetic children. The degree of ascertainment was 96.2%. Age-specific incidence rates increased until puberty with peak incidence in girls at 10 yr, and in boys at 13 yr. There was a significant seasonal variation of onset with peaks in autumn and winter. The incidence was slightly lower amongst boys than amongst girls. A statistically significant increase in incidence was evident in the last decade, from 3.8 per 100,000 in 1978 to 8.2 per 100,000 in 1987. FAU - Soltész, G
Exogenous oestrogen exposure, female reproductive factors and the long-term incidence of cataract: the Blue Mountains Eye Study.$$$ PURPOSE: To assess the association between exogenous oestrogen exposure, female reproductive factors and the long-term incidence of cataract. METHODS: People aged 49+ years living in a defined geographic region were invited to participate in this prospective population-based survey. Of 2072 women (83% of those eligible) who were examined during 1992-1994 at baseline, around 75% of survivors were re-examined at 5- and 10-year follow-up visits. Lens photographs were assessed using the Wisconsin Cataract Grading System by masked graders. An interviewer-administered questionnaire was used at each visit to collect information on female reproductive factors and the use of the oral contraceptive pill and postmenopausal hormone replacement therapy. RESULTS: After adjusting for age, smoking, socioeconomic status, steroid use, hypertension and diabetes, ever having used the oral contraceptive pill had a mild protective effect against incident cortical cataract (odds ratio 0.70, 95% confidence interval 0.50-0.98). However, hormone replacement therapy, age at menarche, age at menopause, duration of exposure to endogenous oestrogen, parity and type of menopause were not found to have significant associations with the incidence of any type of cataract or cataract surgery. CONCLUSION: Apart from a weak protective association of oral contraceptive pill use and the development of cortical cataract, we found no significant longitudinal associations between exogenous oestrogen exposure, female reproductive factors and the long-term incidence of cataract in this older population-based cohort.
Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF-21) in obese children: no relationship to growth, IGF-1, and IGFBP-3. LID - /j/hmbci.2017.30.issue-2/hmbci-2015-0074/hmbci-2015-0074.xml [pii] LID - 10.1515/hmbci-2015-0074 [doi]$$$ BACKGROUND: Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF-21) is a hepatic protein that plays a critical role in liver, adipose tissue, and bone metabolism. Animal models reported an increase of FGF-21 and associated growth disturbances in undernutrition. Therefore, we studied the impact of weight loss in obese children on growth, FGF-21, and insulin-like factor 1 (IGF-1) concentrations. METHODS: We analyzed height, serum concentrations of FGF-21, IGF-1, IGFBP-3, leptin, and insulin at baseline and 1 year later in 30 obese children with substantial weight loss (reduction >0.5 BMI-SDS) and in 30 obese children of similar age, gender, and pubertal stage with stable BMI-SDS. All children participated in a 1-year lifestyle intervention. Height and IGF-1 was transformed to standard deviation score (SDS). Multiple linear regression analyses adjusted for age, gender, and pubertal stage were performed. RESULTS: At baseline, height-SDS was significantly related to IGF-1-SDS (β-coefficient 0.68 95% confidence interval (95% CI)±0.49; p=0.008) and leptin (β-coefficient 0.042 95% CI±0.030; p=0.008), but not to FGF-21 or insulin. FGF-21 was not significantly associated with IGF-1 or IGFBP-3. In longitudinal analysis, changes of FGF-21 were not significantly related to changes of height, IGF-1-SDS or IGFBP-3. However, in the subgroup of 30 children with substantial BMI-SDS reduction, FGF-21, leptin, insulin, and HOMA decreased significantly. CONCLUSION: As there was no significant association between FGF-21 and growth or IGF-1 both in cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses, these findings do not support the hypothesis that FGF-21 is involved in growth of obese children. Further studies are necessary to understand the multiple alterations in the growth hormone (GH) axis in obese children. FAU - Reinehr, Thomas
Breast size and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus.$$$ BACKGROUND: Elevated waist circumference and body mass index (BMI), both traditional measures of obesity, are accepted risk factors for type 2 diabetes mellitus. Girls who are obese experience earlier onset of puberty and possibly greater breast development. We sought to evaluate whether a woman's breast size in late adolescence is associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in adulthood. METHODS: In conjunction with the ongoing Nurses' Health Study II [corrected], we conducted a prospective cohort study involving 92,106 of the participants. We assessed the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in relation to self-reported bra cup sizes, categorized as < or = A, B, C and > or = D cups, among participants at age 20. RESULTS: The mean age of participants at baseline was 38.1 years. A total of 1844 new cases of type 2 diabetes mellitus arose at a mean age of 44.9 years during 886,443 person-years of follow-up. Relative to bra cup size < or = A, the respective age-adjusted hazard ratios (and 95% confidence intervals [CIs]) were 2.30 (1.99-2.66) for B cup, 4.32 (3.71-5.04) for C cup and 4.99 (4.12-6.05) for > or = D cup. Upon further adjustments for age at menarche, parity, physical activity, smoking status, diet, multivitamin use, family history of diabetes mellitus, BMI at age 18 and current BMI, the corresponding hazard ratios (and 95% CIs) were 1.37 (1.18-1.59) for B cup, 1.80 (1.53- 2.11) for C cup and 1.64 (1.34-2.01) for > or = D cup. The addition of waist circumference to this model minimally changed the hazard ratios (and 95% CIs): 1.32 (1.14-1.53) for B cup, 1.71 (1.46-2.01) for C cup and 1.58 (1.29-1.94) for > or = D cup. INTERPRETATION: A large bra cup size at age 20 may be a predictor of type 2 diabetes mellitus in middle-aged women. Whether this relation is independent of traditional indicators of obesity remains to be determined. FAU - Ray, Joel G
Insulin resistance after precocious pubarche: relation to PAI-1-675 4G/5G polymorphism, and opposing influences of prenatal and postnatal weight gain.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The common promoter -675 4G/5G insertion/deletion polymorphism (indel) in the plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) gene has been associated with quantitative components of the metabolic syndrome. We hypothesized that this polymorphism is associated with precocious pubarche (PP), a population known to be at risk for hyperinsulinaemic hyperandrogenism. DESIGN: A cross-sectional, hospital-based study. PATIENTS: A total of 115 control and 182 PP Catalan girls and young women. MEASUREMENTS: Subjects were genotyped for the -675 4G/5G indel in the PAI-1 gene. Insulin resistance and insulin secretion were estimated by the homeostasis model assessment. RESULTS: Genotype frequencies for the PAI-1-675 4G/5G indel (4G4G, 4G5G and 5G5G) were similar in control and PP subjects (24%vs. 27%, 50%vs. 47%, and 26%vs. 26%, respectively; P = 0.85) and these frequencies were in Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium. The 5G allele, however, was associated with insulin resistance in both postmenarcheal control and PP subjects (P < 0.01 for pooled postmenarcheal subjects, N = 122). The coexistence with the at-risk genotype of both a low birthweight (standard deviation score, SDS < -1.0) and a high body mass index (BMI) at time of the study (SDS > +1.0) resulted in a noteworthy increase (P < 0.001) in insulin resistance. CONCLUSION: The common promoter -675 4G/5G indel of the PAI-1 gene is not associated with PP but, in Catalan young women, the 5G allele enhances the risk for insulin resistance imposed by the sequence of a low birth weight (LBW) and a high BMI. FAU - López-Bermejo, Abel
Iron Status and Metabolically Unhealthy Obesity in Prepubertal Children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to evaluate the association of metabolically healthy obesity (MHO) and metabolically unhealthy obesity (MUO) with iron status markers in prepubertal children. METHODS: Three hundred twelve prepubertal children with overweight and obesity from a pediatric general Spanish population were evaluated. MHO and MUO were defined as obesity with the absence or presence of metabolic syndrome components. Phenotypes of metabolically healthy overweight including obesity (MHOV) and metabolically unhealthy overweight including obesity (MUOV) were also studied and defined using the same criteria. Serum ferritin, transferrin, and blood hemoglobin levels were evaluated. RESULTS: Prevalence rates of MHOV and MHO were 35% (n = 111/312) and 27.1% (n = 42/155), respectively. Ferritin and hemoglobin levels were higher in children with MUOV versus MHOV (P < 0.05). MUO was positively associated with ferritin (beta [95% CI] = 0.43 [0.05 to 0.81]) and hemoglobin levels (0.43 [0.05 to 0.81]). These associations remained significant independently of age, sex, C-reactive protein, physical activity, and BMI/waist z scores in bivariate linear regression models. In multivariable models, transaminase levels attenuated the association of MUO with ferritin and hemoglobin levels (P > 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: MUOV and MUO are associated with higher ferritin and hemoglobin levels in prepubertal children affected by overweight and obesity. Increased circulating ferritin in MUO might be influenced by liver injury.
PREVIOUS DELIVERY OF MACROSOMIA IS ASSOCIATED WITH MATERNAL ADIPOSITY IN LATER LIFE IN CHINESE PAROUS WOMEN WITH NORMAL WEIGHT BEFORE AND/OR AFTER PREGNANCY.$$$ Objective: Obesity has become a major worldwide health challenge. Macrosomic infants are more likely to experience type 2 diabetes mellitus, obesity and hypertension in adulthood. However, whether macrosomia increases the risk of maternal adiposity later in life is still unknown. Methods: One thousand nine hundred eighty-six unrelated parous women of Chinese Han ancestry aged from 40 to 76 years were enrolled. Self-reported information about reproductive status, including age at menarche, number of children, previous delivery of macrosomic infants, and body weight before and after pregnancy were obtained from personal interview by trained interviewers using a standard questionnaire. Macrosomia was defined as birth weight greater than 4,000 g. Adiposity indexes were measured or calculated. Results: Prior delivery of macrosomia was associated with an increased risk of having obesity in parous women with normal weight before pregnancy (odds ratio [OR] = 1.840; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.028, 3.294; P = .040), as well as a higher risk of overweight/obesity in parous women with normal weight after pregnancy (OR = 1.777; 95% CI 1.131, 2.794; P = .013). In addition, previous delivery of macrosomia was related with 1.919 (95% CI 1.207, 3.050; P = .006) times higher risk of overweight/obesity in parous women with normal weight before and after pregnancy. Conclusion: The present study suggests that prior delivery of macrosomia may be an independent risk factor for adiposity later in life in parous women with normal weight before and/or after pregnancy. Abbreviations: BMI = body mass index; CI = confidence interval; OR = odds ratio; WC = waist circumference; WHR = waist-to-hip ratio; WHtR = waist-to-height ratio. FAU - Yu, Weihui
Anastrozole plus leuprorelin in early maturing girls with compromised growth: the "GAIL" study.$$$ PURPOSE: Aromatase inhibitors have been used to increase predicted adult height (PAH) in boys but in girls only in McCune-Albright syndrome. We investigated whether anastrozole combined with leuprorelin for up to 2 years is safe and effective in improving PAH in girls with early puberty and compromised growth, compared to leuprorelin alone. METHODS: The "GAIL" study: girls treated with an aromatase inhibitor and an LHRH analogue, ISRCTN11469487, was a 7-year prospective phase IIa study with parallel design, performed at Athens Medical Center (C-A), and Attikon University Hospital, Athens, Greece (C-B). Forty girls, consecutively referred for early puberty (onset 7.5-9 years) with a PAH <-2 or >1.5 SD lower than their target height (TH), were included. Twenty started on leuprorelin sc/im 0.3 mg/kg/month plus anastrozole 1 mg/d p.o. (group-A, C-A) and 20 on leuprorelin (group-B, C-B) for 2 years or until the age of 10 years. Groups did not differ in age, height, BMI, bone age advancement (BAA), and distance of PAH from TH. Follow-up was at 6, 12, 18, and 24 m. RESULTS: Reduction in BAA was significantly higher in group-A compared to group-B already by 6 m. Despite the transiently significant decrease in height velocity in group-A, gain in PAH SD was almost double by 12 and 18 m vs group-B and reached the maximum of +1.21 ± 0.45 (7.51 cm) vs +0.31 ± 0.37 (1.92 cm, p = 0.001) in group-B at 24 m. Group-A had no clinical or biochemical hyperandrogenism, unchanged normal bone density, and lumbar spine X-rays. CONCLUSION: The co-administration of anastrozole with leuprorelin safely improves PAH in girls with compromised growth. FAU - Papadimitriou, D T
Associations between adiposity, hormones, and gains in height, whole-body height-adjusted bone size, and size-adjusted bone mineral content in 8- to 11-year-old children.$$$ We examined fat-independent associations of hormones with height and whole-body bone size and mineral content in 633 school children. IGF-1 and osteocalcin predict growth in height, while fat, osteocalcin, and in girls also, IGF-1 predict growth in bone size. Leptin and ghrelin are inversely associated with bone size in girls. INTRODUCTION: Obesity causes larger bone size and bone mass, but the role of hormones in this up-regulation of bone in obesity is not well elucidated. We examined longitudinal associations between baseline body fat mass (FM), and fat-independent fasting levels of ghrelin, adiponectin, leptin, insulin, insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-1), osteocalcin, and intact parathyroid hormone, and subsequent changes in height and in whole-body height-adjusted bone area "BAheight" and size-adjusted bone mineral content "BMCsize" in 8- to 11-year-olds. METHODS: Analyses were carried out separately for boys (n = 325) and girls (n = 308) including data from baseline, 3 and 6 months from OPUS School Meal Study. RESULTS: In both sexes: gain in BAheight was positively associated with baseline FM (≥2.05 cm(2)/kg, both p ≤ 0.003). Furthermore, gain in height was positively associated with baseline IGF-1 (≥0.02 cm/ng/ml, p = 0.001) and osteocalcin (≥0.13 cm/ng/ml, p ≤ 0.009); and gain in BAheight was positively associated with baseline osteocalcin (≥0.35 cm(2)/ng/ml, p ≤ 0.019). In girls only, gain in BAheight was also positively associated with baseline IGF-1 (0.06 cm(2)/ng/ml, p = 0.017) and inversely associated with both baseline ghrelin (-0.01 cm(2)/pg/ml, p = 0.001) and leptin (-1.21 cm(2)/μg/ml, p = 0.005). In boys, gain in BMCsize was positively associated with osteocalcin (0.18 g/ng/ml, p = 0.030). CONCLUSIONS: This large longitudinal study suggests that in 8- to 11-year-old children, IGF-1 and osteocalcin predict growth in height, while FM, osteocalcin, and in girls also, IGF-1 predict growth in BAheight. Fat-independent inverse associations of leptin and ghrelin with BAheight in girls' are contrary to proposed growth-stimulating effects of leptin. Osteocalcin in boys predicts gain in BMCsize. FAU - Dalskov, S
Quantifying RANKL and OPG levels in healthy children: A large cross-sectional analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: There have been new advances in understanding bone remodeling on a molecular level including the RANKL-OPG pathway, leading to advancements in targeted therapeutic intervention. There is however limited data in pediatrics with little known on normative values in healthy children. This is the largest cohort to quantify RANKL, OPG, and RANKL: OPG levels in healthy children as well as study the influence of age, gender, Tanner stage, and BMI in this population. METHODS: Healthy subjects, 1-21 years of age, were recruited from general pediatric clinics affiliated with CHLA and in collaboration with samples stored from a previously completed study. Healthy children were defined as those with no chronic disease, daily medication, or fractures in the past six months. Free soluble RANKL and OPG levels were quantified using a sandwich ELISA. RESULTS: Three hundred samples were collected with overall serum concentrations of RANKL, OPG and RANKL: OPG of 0.28 pmol/L, 3.56 pmol/L and 0.08 pmol/L, respectively. Serum RANKL and RANKL: OPG concentrations were significantly different by age (p = 0.0001 and 0.0027, respectively). There was an overall downward trend by age except in the 11-15-year age group where a slight increase was noted. RANKL concentrations were also significantly different between Tanner stages, with highest concentrations seen at Tanner 3 (p = 0.0481), and zBMI (p = 0.001). OPG was inversely correlated with zBMI, but not influenced by gender, age, or Tanner stage. CONCLUSION: We showed significant difference in RANKL levels by age, Tanner stage, and zBMI. OPG was inversely correlated with zBMI. Insight into circulating levels of RANKL, OPG and RANKL: OPG in healthy children may be a potential tool to better understand disease states in pediatrics. Future studies are needed to evaluate the clinical significance of RANKL and OPG levels for diagnostic and therapeutic purposes in this population.
Failure of puberty in Egyptian beta thalassemic patients: experience in north east region - Dakahlia province.$$$ BACKGROUND: Endocrine complications in thalassemia major (TM) are classically considered to be the result of iron deposition in the endocrine glands. Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism, which still remains the commonest endocrinopathy in patients with TM, has been proven to be the result of hemosiderosis of the gonadotroph cells of the pituitary gland. THE AIM OF THE STUDY: To evaluate the prevalence of delayed puberty and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism in transfusion-dependent patients with beta-TM. PATIENT AND METHODS: Growth and sexual development of 40 patients with TM (20 males, 20 females) aged 12-22 years were evaluated. Thirty healthy individuals aged 12-20 years served as a control group. The following parameters were measured in every patient: age, sex, height, weight, body mass index (BMI) and Tanner's pubertal staging. For all patients, the following investigations were done: ophthalmological evaluation, audiograms, skeletal survey, echocardiography, serum ferritin, liver function tests, hepatitis profile, serum calcium, phosphorus and blood sugar. Thyroid, parathyroid hormones, serum follicle stimulating hormone (FSH), luteinizing hormone (LH), testosterone (T) and estradiol (E2) hormone were also measured. RESULTS: Failure of puberty was present in 80% of boys and 75% of girls aged 12-22 years. Gonadotropin insufficiency was found in most of the patients with lack of puberty. Arrested puberty was noted in five boys (25%) and six girls (30%). Ten girls (50%) did not menstruate, two (10%) had oligomenorrhea, one (5%) had irregular menstrual cycles and two (10%) developed secondary amenorrhea. Using univariate analyses and stepwise logistic regression analysis after adjustment for confounding factors, serum ferritin at the time of the study was identified as an independent risk factor for hypogonadotropic hypogonadism, with an odds ratio of 28.40 (95% confidence interval 3.25-245.15), P = 0.003 with a B value of 3.24 (standard error, 1.12). CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that failure of puberty is common in our thalassemic patients which necessitates newer protocols of treatment, correct blood transfusion and chelation therapy. FAU - Abdelrazik, Nabil
Insulin Sensitivity and β-Cell Function in SGA Children Treated With GH and GnRHa: Results of a Long-Term Trial.$$$ CONTEXT: Pubertal children born small for gestational age with a poor adult height (AH) expectation can benefit from treatment with GH 1 mg/m(2)/d (∼0.033 mg/kg/d) in combination with 2 years of GnRH analog (GnRHa) and even more so with GH 2 mg/m(2)/d. Because both GH and GnRHa can negatively influence insulin sensitivity, combining these treatments has raised concerns. The long-term GH dose effects on insulin sensitivity in children treated with combined GH/GnRHa are unknown. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to investigate insulin sensitivity and β-cell function by a very precise method during long-term GH treatment, either with or without 2 years of additional GnRHa and to study differences in insulin sensitivity during treatment until AH between GH at 1 or 2 mg/m(2)/d. METHODS: This was a randomized, dose-response GH trial involving 110 short small for gestational age children (59 girls) treated with GH until AH (GH randomized to 1 or 2 mg/m(2)/d). Sixty-seven children received additional GnRHa treatment. Frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance tests were performed and insulin sensitivity (Si), acute insulin response (AIR), and disposition index (DI) were calculated using Bergman's MINMOD. The GH dose effect was evaluated in a subgroup of 48 children who started GH treatment in early puberty (randomized to 1 or 2 mg/m(2)/d) combined with 2 years of GnRHa. RESULTS: At AH, after 5.9 years of GH treatment, Si, AIR, and DI were similar between children treated with combined GH/GnRHa and those treated with GH only. In the subgroup of children who started GH treatment in early puberty (randomized to 1 or 2 mg/m(2)/d) together with 2 years of GnRHa treatment, there were no significant differences in Si, AIR, or DI between the GH dose groups during the treatment. CONCLUSIONS: Combined GH/GnRHa treatment has no long-term negative effects on insulin sensitivity and β-cell function compared with GH only. Started in early puberty, a GH dose of 2 mg/m(2)/d results in a similar insulin sensitivity at AH as a GH dose of 1 mg/m(2)/d. FAU - van der Steen, Manouk
[Comparison of measurements of cholesterol, glucose and uric acid taken at 5-year intervals in children and adolescents].$$$ BACKGROUND: There are several reports on cardiovascular disease risk factors but, except for lipids and lipoproteins, there have been few studies tracking blood uric acid and glucose in healthy school children. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Blood specimens were collected from 4,299 children and adolescents for determination of cholesterol, uric acid and glucose. The first samples were collected between 1977 and 1979 from subjects aged 4 to 17 years. The second samples were collected 5 years later. RESULTS: The blood glucose concentrations increased before the age of 10 years; those of uric acid increased during the second decade and those of cholesterol decreased during puberty, to a greater degree in boys. Hypercholesterolemia (cholesterol > 5.9 mmol/l) was found in about 6% of boys and 10% of girls. Eight boys and 3 girls had blood glucose concentrations higher than 6.7 mmol/l at the first collection. 5 years later, the correlation coefficients by sex and by cross section of age were greater than 0.5 for cholesterol and uric acid and were about 0.3 for glucose. CONCLUSIONS: Successive blood values of glucose and uric acid are highly correlated; those of cholesterol are more highly correlated. However, the probability of remaining in the same percentile distribution remains below 50% for subjects whose initial values were above the 80th percentile. FAU - Spyckerelle, Y
Immune recognition and response to the intestinal microbiome in type 1 diabetes.$$$ Type 1 diabetes (T1D) is an autoimmune disease resulting from T cell-mediated destruction of the insulin-secreting pancreatic beta cells. During the past 50 years T1D incidence has increased dramatically in many countries accompanied by an earlier age of onset especially in persons with lower genetic risk. These observations have prompted investigations of dynamic environmental factors that may contributor to risk for anti-pancreatic immunity. The gut and pancreas are anatomically and biochemically linked through the enteroinsular axis, a system in which gut-derived immune and metabolic signals have the potential to evoke effects in the pancreas. The gut microbiome (i.e. the 100 trillion symbiotic microorganisms which inhabit the mammalian gastrointestinal tract) influences numerous aspects of host metabolism, development and immunity. Here we examine recent evidence linking gut microbiome composition and function to pancreatic autoimmunity. Studies in children with genetic risk factors for T1D and analyses of the microbiome in rodent models have begun to associations between an altered microbiome composition potentially favoring a pro-inflammatory intestinal metabolic milieu and T1D. We discuss how environmental factors during critical developmental windows - gestation, birth, weaning and puberty may contribute to T1D risk. For example mode of delivery (vaginal or C-section) and exposure to antibiotics (pre- or post-natally) are two factors that modulate the maternal and/or offspring microbiome and can impact T1D development. Taken together, these emerging data underscore the requirement for longitudinal studies and mechanistic investigations in human subjects and rodent models to identify the basis for microbiome modulation of T1D and to identify biomarkers and therapeutics to improve the delayed onset and prevention of the disease.
Low birth weight for gestational age associates with reduced glucose concentrations at birth, infancy and childhood.$$$ BACKGROUND/AIMS: Our aim was to investigate glucose homeostasis, insulin sensitivity and insulin-like growth factor (IGF) system status in children born small for gestational age (SGA). METHODS: A case-control study was carried out at birth, infancy and childhood, comparing SGA with children appropriate for gestational age strictly matched for age, gender, pubertal status and body mass index. Ninety newborns, 52 infants, and 68 children were studied. Fasting insulin (I(F)), fasting glucose (G(F)) to I(F) ratio (G(F)/I(F)), the homeostasis model assessment of insulin sensitivity, the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index, insulinogenic index and the triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol ratio were measured. IGF-I, IGF-binding protein-3 and the IGF-I/IGF-binding protein-3 molar ratio were assessed. RESULTS: Glucose concentrations were lower in SGA newborns (p < 0.0001), infants (p = 0.01), and children (p = 0.001). Birth weight correlated with glucose levels at birth (r = 0.59, p < 0.0001), 12 months (r = 0.29, p = 0.04) and childhood (r = 0.44, p < 0.0001). CONCLUSION: Our results provide evidence for a developmental adaptation of glucose metabolism in SGA children leading to reduced glucose concentrations. FAU - Ghirri, Paolo
[Influence of body weight in pregnancy and the perinatal results].$$$ Between 1988-1922, data of the nutritional status of pregnant women seen in the Santiago Metropolitan Health Service were analyzed. Underweight (22.2%), normal weight (47.2%), overweight (19.7%) and Obese (15.4%). Four thousand five hundred fifty five pregnant women were studied. Underweight 1136, normal weight 1219, overweight 1100 and obese 1100. Underweight was significantly more frequent in the patients less than 20 years old while overweight and obese was significantly more frequent in the patients over 30 years old. Hypertension (2.6%) was the only significant morbidity factor in the obese group. The overweight and obese groups had earlier menarche, while the obese group had shorter periods. The obese group were associated most frequently with higher parity (75.1%), stillbirth (4.6%), spontaneous abortion (19.5%), induced abortion (3.1%) and high obstetric risk (33.2%). In the normogram used, the underweight patients are abnormally represented at the start of pregnancy. The obese group gained less weight proportionally during pregnancy (overweight and obese 42.8%, underweight and normal 34.7%). The obese group presented more frequently with hypertension (20.4%) and diabetes (0.7%), while the obstetric complications occurred more frequently in the underweight (6.3%). The underwent group had more anemia (45.4%) and premature labor (12.3%). Cesarean section was performed more frequently in the obese group (33.1% versus 21.3% of all the other groups combined. The neonatal birthweight was in direct proportion to the maternal weight, measured by various methods. It is worth noting the importance of microelements in the milk ingestion of the pregnant patients and the influence on their weight. FAU - Robinovich J, T
[Gonadal function in Turner syndrome].$$$ INTRODUCTION: Turner syndrome is characterized by the absence, total or partial, of one X chromosome in females, being one of the most frequent chromosomal abnormalities. Diagnosis is made by karyotype. Turner syndrome manifestations include primary hypogonadism, before or after puberty (gonadal dysgenesis). The degree and extent of gonadal disfunction are variable. OBJECTIVES: We intended to assess clinical, karyotype, gonadal function and pelvic ultrasound characteristics in women with Turner syndrome. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Retrospective study of patients with Turner syndrome followed in Endocrinology and Human Reproduction Departments of Hospitais da Universidade de Coimbra - Centro Hospitalar e Universitário de Coimbra, E.P.E. We evaluated the entire sample and considered group 1 (with spontaneous puberty and menarche) and group 2 (without spontaneous puberty). Parameters assessed: age at initial study, puberty (Tanner stages), karyotype, FSH, pelvic ultrasound (initial and after puberty), diagnostic laparoscopy and pubertal induction. Statistical Program: SPSS (20.0). RESULTS: Global sample: 79 patients, 14.7 ± 6.6 years. No pubertal signs in 57.1%; 67.1% with primary amenorrhea and 6.6% with secondary amenorrhea. Karyotype: X monosomy-37.2%, mosaicism-37.2%, X structural changes-25.6%. Median FSH of 59.5 mIU/ mL. Initial ultrasound: normal uterus 34.2%, atrophic uterus 65.8%; normal ovaries 21.6%, atrophic ovaries 78.4%, ovarian follicles in 5.1%. Post-puberty ultrasound: normal uterus 67.9%, atrophic uterus 32.1%; normal ovaries 36.4%, atrophic ovaries 63.6%. Laparoscopy was performed in 16 (20.3%) patients, confirming the sonographic findings. Only two women with induced puberty became pregnant: one spontaneously, interrupted; another by donated oocytes, normal outcome. Group 1 (with spontaneous puberty and menarche): 20 (25.3%) patients, 16.1 ± 8.9 years. Tanner at baseline: M1-22.2%, M2-33.3%, M3-16.7%, M4-16.7%, M5-11.1%. Karyotype: mosaicism-65%, X structural changes-20%, X monosomy-15%. Median FSH of 7 mUI/mL. Initial ultrasound: normal uterus-72.2%, atrophic uterus 27.8%; normal ovaries 63.2%, atrophic ovaries 36.8%. Post-puberty ultrasound: normal uterus 100%; normal ovaries 72.7%, atrophic ovaries 27.3%. Group 2 (without spontaneous puberty): 59 (74.7%) patients, 14.0 ± 5.5 years. Tanner at baseline: M1-69.2%, M2-13.5%, M3-5.8%, M4-3.8%, M5-7.7%. Karyotype: X monosomy-43.9%, X structural changes-28.1% mosaicism-28.1%. Median FSH of 74 mUI/mL. Initial ultrasound: normal uterus 20.4%, atrophic uterus 79.6%; normal ovaries 7.4%, atrophic ovaries 92.6%. Post-puberty ultrasound: normal uterus 60.0%, atrophic uterus 40.0%; normal ovaries 27.3%, atrophic ovaries 72.7%. Pubertal induction at 16.1 ± 4.1 years, with bone age of 12.7 ± 1.6 years. Groups 1 and 2 differ significantly in karyotype (p = 0.010), median FSH (p < 0.001), and uterine and ovarian dimensions (p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Most patients had gonadal dysfunction and needed pubertal induction. Spontaneous puberty with menarche occurred in 25.3% of patients (predominantly mosaics). 43.9% of patients with pubertal induction had X monosomy. These patients fertility is compromised and, in some cases, we should refer to assisted reproductive specialist for pregnancy or fertility preservation. FAU - Alves, Márcia
Excessive TV viewing and cardiovascular disease risk factors in adolescents. The AVENA cross-sectional study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Excessive television (TV) viewing might play an important role in the development of cardiovascular disease (CVD). The aim of this study was to examine the independent associations between TV viewing and CVD risk factors in adolescents. METHODS: A sample of 425 adolescents, aged 13- to 18.5-year-old, was included in this study. Body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), glucose, total cholesterol, triglycerides, HDL-cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, apolipoprotein (apo) A-1, apo B-100, and lipoprotein(a) levels were determined. A composite CVD risk score was computed based on age-, sex-, sexual maturation- and race-standardized triglycerides, HDL-cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol and glucose. TV viewing was self-reported. RESULTS: Two hundred and twenty-five adolescents (53%) who spent >3 hrs/day watching TV were considered as the "high TV viewing" group. Ninety-nine adolescents (23%) from the total sample were classified as overweight according to International age- and sex-specific BMI values. The high TV viewing group had significantly less favorable values of HDL-cholesterol, glucose, apo A1 and CVD score, independent of age, sex, sexual maturation, race and weight status. There was a significant interaction effect of TV viewing x weight status (P = 0.002) on WC, and the negative influence of TV viewing on WC persisted in the overweight group (P = 0.031) but was attenuated in non-overweight adolescents (P > 0.05). CONCLUSION: Excessive TV viewing seems to be related to an unfavorable CVD risk factors profile in adolescence. Reducing TV viewing in overweight adolescents might be beneficial to decrease abdominal body fat. FAU - Martinez-Gomez, David
A prospective study of associations between in utero exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus and metabolomic profiles during late childhood and adolescence.$$$ AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: This study aimed to: (1) identify metabolite patterns during late childhood that differ with respect to exposure to maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); (2) examine the persistence of GDM/metabolite associations 5 years later, during adolescence; and (3) investigate the associations of metabolite patterns with adiposity and metabolic biomarkers from childhood through adolescence. METHODS: This study included 592 mother-child pairs with information on GDM exposure (n = 92 exposed), untargeted metabolomics data at age 6-14 years (T1) and at 12-19 years (T2), and information on adiposity and metabolic risk biomarkers at T1 and T2. We first consolidated 767 metabolites at T1 into factors (metabolite patterns) via principal component analysis (PCA) and used multivariable regression to identify factors that differed by GDM exposure, at α = 0.05. We then examined associations of GDM with individual metabolites within factors of interest at T1 and T2, and investigated associations of GDM-related factors at T1 with adiposity and metabolic risk throughout T1 and T2 using mixed-effects linear regression models. RESULTS: Of the six factors retained from PCA, GDM exposure was associated with greater odds of being in quartile (Q)4 (vs Q1-3) of 'Factor 4' at T1 after accounting for age, sex, race/ethnicity, maternal smoking habits during pregnancy, Tanner stage, physical activity and total energy intake, at α = 0.05 (OR 1.78 [95% CI 1.04, 3.04]; p = 0.04). This metabolite pattern comprised phosphatidylcholines, diacylglycerols and phosphatidylethanolamines. GDM was consistently associated with elevations in a subset of individual compounds within this pattern at T1 and T2. While this metabolite pattern was not related to the health outcomes in boys, it corresponded with greater adiposity and a worse metabolic profile among girls throughout the follow-up period. Each 1-unit increment in Factor 4 corresponded with 0.17 (0.08, 0.25) units higher BMI z score, 8.83 (5.07, 12.59) pmol/l higher fasting insulin, 0.28 (0.13, 0.43) units higher HOMA-IR, and 4.73 (2.15, 7.31) nmol/l higher leptin. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Exposure to maternal GDM was nominally associated with a metabolite pattern characterised by elevated serum phospholipids in late childhood and adolescence at α = 0.05. This metabolite pattern was associated with greater adiposity and metabolic risk among female offspring throughout the late childhood-to-adolescence transition. Future studies are warranted to confirm our findings. FAU - Perng, Wei
Association of age at menarche with cardiovascular risk factors, vascular structure, and function in adulthood: the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns study.$$$ BACKGROUND: It is unclear whether age at menarche is an independent determinant of future cardiovascular risk. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to determine whether menarcheal age is an independent predictor of body mass index (BMI) and a wide range of cardiovascular risk factors in adolescence and adulthood. DESIGN: We examined the associations of menarcheal age with BMI (in kg/m(2)) and other cardiovascular risk factors in adolescence and adulthood in a population-based sample of 794 female adolescents aged 9-18 y at baseline. Their age at first menstruation was requested at baseline and again 3 and 6 y later. Cardiovascular risk factors were assessed at baseline and at age 30-39 y. RESULTS: A 1-y decrease in menarcheal age was associated with 0.81 (95% CI: 0.53, 1.08) higher adult BMI as well as greater waist circumference and waist-to-hip ratio, elevated systolic blood pressure, higher insulin resistance, and greater risk of metabolic syndrome (P < 0.05 for all). In multivariable analysis in which these adult risk factors were mutually adjusted for, only the inverse association between age at menarche and adult BMI remained. However, this inverse association was lost after adjustment for premenarcheal BMI (beta: -0.16; 95% CI -0.55, 0.23; P = 0.42). Higher premenarcheal BMI predicted earlier menarche, and the strong association between premenarcheal BMI and adult BMI was robust to adjustment for age at menarche. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that early menarche is only a risk marker. Greater childhood BMI seems to contribute to earlier age at menarche and, because of tracking, greater adult BMI and associated cardiovascular risk. An independent effect of early menarche on adult adiposity cannot be excluded, but it is likely to be small at best. FAU - Kivimäki, Mika
Baseline correlates of insulin resistance in inner city high-BMI African-American children.$$$ To characterize the influence of diet-, physical activity-, and self-esteem-related factors on insulin resistance in 8- 10-year-old African-American (AA) children with BMI greater than the 85th percentile who were screened to participate in a community-based type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) prevention trial. In 165 subjects, fasting glucose- and insulin-derived values for homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) assessed insulin resistance. Body fatness was calculated following bioelectrical impedance analysis, and fitness was measured using laps from a 20-m shuttle run. Child questionnaires assessed physical activity, dietary habits, and self-esteem. Pubertal staging was assessed using serum levels of sex hormones. Parent questionnaires assessed family demographics, family health, and family food and physical activity habits. Girls had significantly higher percent body fat but similar anthropometric measures compared with boys, whereas boys spent more time in high-intensity activities than girls. Scores for self-perceived behavior were higher for girls than for boys; and girls desired a more slender body. Girls had significantly higher insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), compared with boys (P < 0.01). Adjusting for age, sex, pubertal stage, socioeconomic index (SE index), and family history of diabetes, multivariate regression analysis showed that children with higher waist circumference (WC) (P < 0.001) and lower Harter's scholastic competence (SC) scale (P = 0.044) had higher insulin resistance. WC and selected self-esteem parameters predicted insulin resistance in high-BMI AA children. The risk of T2DM may be reduced in these children by targeting these factors. FAU - Raman, Aarthi
Circulating growth arrest-specific 6 protein is associated with adiposity, systemic inflammation, and insulin resistance among overweight and obese adolescents.$$$ CONTEXT: Growth arrest-specific 6 (Gas6) is a vitamin K-dependent protein secreted by immune cells, endothelial cells, vascular smooth muscle cells, and adipocytes. Preclinical studies indicate that Gas6 and its receptors of the TAM (Tyro-3, Axl, Mer) family may be involved in the pathogenesis of obesity and its complications, including systemic inflammation and insulin resistance. Until now, little has been known about the clinical significance of the Gas6/TAM system in childhood obesity. OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to determine whether circulating Gas6 and soluble Axl (sAxl) levels are associated with adiposity, inflammation, and insulin resistance status among Taiwanese adolescents. METHODS: Cross-sectional analyses using the data from the Taipei Children Heart Study-III were performed. A total of 832 adolescents (average age, 13.3 years) were included; they were divided into 3 groups: lean, overweight, and obese. Circulating Gas6 and sAxl levels, adiposity, inflammatory markers, and insulin resistance status were examined. RESULTS: Levels of circulating Gas6 and sAxl were significantly higher in overweight and obese adolescents than in the lean group (both P < .05). Circulating Gas6 levels were significantly positively correlated with body mass index Z-score (P = .045), waist circumference (P < .001), waist to hip circumference ratio (P < .001), body fat mass (P = .02), serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (P = .005), and tumor necrosis factor-α levels (P = .039) among overweight and obese adolescents. The correlations remained significant after adjusting for age, gender, Tanner stage, smoking status, and drinking status. In addition, every 1 ng/mL increase in circulating Gas6 concentration corresponded to a 15% to 19% increase in the risk of developing insulin resistance among overweight and obese adolescents. CONCLUSIONS: Circulating Gas6 levels are strongly associated with adiposity, inflammation, and insulin resistance status among overweight and obese adolescents. The potential role of the Gas6/TAM system in the initiation of childhood obesity and obesity-associated complications deserves further attention. FAU - Hsiao, Fone-Ching
CRP is related to higher leptin levels in minority peripubertal females regardless of adiposity levels.$$$ Overweight is related to higher levels of C-reactive protein (CRP) and leptin, which have been independently associated with increased risk for diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and the metabolic syndrome. Elevated CRP may trigger leptin resistance by inhibiting the binding of leptin to its receptors. We cross-sectionally examined the relationship between CRP, leptin, BMI z-score, percent body fat (%BF) assessed by air plethysmography (BodPod), and insulin sensitivity (SI) and acute insulin response (AIRg) measured by intravenous glucose tolerance test in 51 Latina and African-American females (77% Latina), mean age 9.2 (±0.9) years, at either Tanner Pubertal Stage (TPS) 1 (n = 25) or TPS 2 (n = 26). Females at TPS 2 had higher BMI z-scores, %BF (23% ± 10.1 vs. 30% ± 10.0, P = 0.02), AIRg (976.7 ± 735.2 vs. 1555.3 ± 1,223 µIU/ml, P = 0.05), fasting insulin (11.0 ± 10.8 vs. 17.2 ± 13.6 µlU/ml, P = 0.00) and leptin levels (11.0 ± 7.1 vs. 19.6 ± 10.9 ng/ml, P < 0.001) than those at TPS 1. There were no ethnic differences in any of the measured variables. CRP was positively correlated with BMI z-score (P = 0.001), %BF (P = 0.006), fasting insulin and AIRg (P = 0.02), and fasting leptin (P = 0.00), and negatively correlated with SI (P = 0.05). A linear regression model showed that CRP independently explained 10% (P = 0.00) of the variance in leptin after adjusting %BF, TPS, ethnicity, habitual physical activity and SI. Hence, low-grade inflammation may contribute to prolonged leptin exposure and leptin resistance, even in healthy children. FAU - Spruijt-Metz, Donna
Adrenarche in Prader-Willi syndrome appears not related to insulin sensitivity and serum adiponectin.$$$ Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) is a genetic disorder characterized by dysmorphic features, obesity, hypogonadism, hypotonia and mental retardation. Obesity has been linked to insulin resistance and the latter has also been associated with premature adrenarche. Since up to date a controlled study to investigate adrenarche and its hormonal regulation was lacking in PWS, our aim was to assess whether prepubertal PWS patients develop premature adrenarche and its relationship with markers of insulin sensitivity. Fourteen prepubertal children with PWS (6 M, 8 F) and 10 non-syndromal simple obese matched controls (5 M, 5 F) participated (mean age: 7.62 +/- 1.84 years). A fasting blood sample was obtained for adrenal and ovarian androgens, sex hormone binding globulin, insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I), insulin-like growth factor binding protein-1, leptin, adiponectin and a lipid profile. Thereafter an oral glucose tolerance test was performed. PWS patients were smaller at birth and a higher proportion displayed premature pubarche. No differences were found in testosterone, androstenedione, sex hormone binding globulin, free androgen index, homeostatic model assessment-IR, 2-hour insulin, leptin or adiponectin levels. 17-hydroxyprogesterone and DHEAS levels however, were significantly higher in PWS. IGF-I levels were significantly lower in PWS and correlated significantly with height SDS (p < 0.05). In conclusion, a higher proportion of premature adrenarche in our PW patients was observed, which was not explained by differences in insulin sensitivity or plasma levels of adipokines and IGF-I. FAU - Unanue, Nancy
The relationship between body composition and selected metabolic syndrome markers in black adolescents in South Africa: the PLAY study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the relationship between body composition and selected markers of the metabolic syndrome in black adolescents. METHODS: The group consisted of 232 adolescent boys and girls aged 15-19 y attending two secondary schools in a low socio-economic status area of Potchefstroom, South Africa. Body mass (kg), stature (cm), and waist (WC) and hip circumferences were measured using standard methods. Body mass index and waist:hip ratio were calculated. Percentage body fat and lean body mass were measured by air displacement plethysmography. Fasting plasma insulin, fasting glucose, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), systolic blood pressure (SBP), and diastolic blood pressure were measured. RESULTS: Children with a high body fat percentage (boys >20%, girls >25%) had significantly higher serum leptin concentration than children with normal body fat percentage (boys, P = 0.005; girls, P < 0.0001). Girls with a high body fat percentage also reported significantly higher SBP (P = 0.004), diastolic blood pressure (P = 0.03), plasma insulin (P = 0.004), and HOMA-IR (P = 0.004) than girls with normal body fat percentage. Body fat percentage had a significant positive association with HOMA-IR (P = 0.02) and SBP (P = 0.02), respectively. A significant positive correlation was also found between plasma leptin concentration and body mass index (P < 0.0001), WC (P < 0.0001), body fat percentage (P < 0.0001), and fat:height index (P < 0.001). CONCLUSION: A significant positive association was found between body fat percentage and both SBP and HOMA-IR, respectively. Girls with a high body fat percentage had significantly higher BP, plasma insulin, and HOMA-IR than girls with normal body fat percentage, indicating risk of non-communicable diseases.
[Clinical symptoms at the diagnosis of the craniopharyngioma].$$$ INTRODUCTION: Craniopharyngioma can cause neurological, ophthalmological and endocrine signs and symptoms. AIM OF THE STUDY: Retrospective analysis of symptoms accompanying diagnosis of craniopharyngioma in children. MATERIAL AND METHODS: 10 children and adolescents, 3.75-14.08 years old, median 8.96, treated in our centre in the years 1992-2010, with diagnosis of craniopharyngioma, were included into the study. In the analysis clinical symptoms at the moment of diagnosis, before surgery treatment were taken into consideration. Data from medical histories, physical examination, auxological data, biochemical and hormonal parameters were analyzed. RESULTS: Among 10 patients, 9 had headaches, 4 had experienced vomiting, 2 had symptoms of cranial hypertension, 6 had vision disorders, 8 had endocrine disorders. A decrease of growth rate was observed in 5 children (among 7 with previous anthropometric data), diabetes insipidus in 2, gain of body weight and delayed puberty in 1, and secondary hypothyroidism in 1 patient. Endocrine disorders appeared on average 13 months before diagnosis of craniopharyngioma. Among them the earliest was the decrease of growth rate - on average 23 months before the diagnosis, and the latest diabetes insipidus - 2 months before it. The most frequent symptom - headaches appeared 2 months before the diagnosis. CONCLUSIONS: 1. Endocrine symptoms are early symptoms of craniopharyngioma, which usually appear before neurological, and ophthalmological disorders. 2. Craniopharyngioma may be a cause of growth disorders in children and adolescents, therefore a detailed analysis of height data on growth charts in pediatric patients is very important for the diagnosis. FAU - Rucka, Elżbieta
Two-year recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) treatment is more effective in pre-pubertal compared to pubertal short children with X-linked hypophosphatemic rickets (XLHR).$$$ CONTEXT: Twenty-five to 40% of patients with well-controlled X-linked hypophosphatemic rickets (XLHR) have a final height under -2 SDS. Previous studies have shown that recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) treatment improves linear growth in short children with XLHR. OBJECTIVE: We studied the effectiveness of rhGH treatment in children with XLHR in a larger cohort. DESIGN: Monocentric, prospective, non-randomized trial. SETTING: University hospital in France. PATIENTS: 19 patients with XLHR and a mutation in the PHEX gene. Six male and 6 female Tanner stage 1 patients (age 6.1±2.4years) and 4 male and 3 female Tanner stage 2 patients (age 13.1±1years). At inclusion, height SDS was -2.35±0.8 SDS and growth velocity was -1.12±1.2 SDS. INTERVENTION: 2years of treatment with 67mcg/kg/day of rhGH at initiation. Every three months rhGH dosage was adjusted using an IGF-1 dosing protocol. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Comparison in change from baseline to year 2 in height and growth velocity. RESULTS: Height SDS improved from -2.35±0.8 SDS at baseline, to -1.62±0.8 SDS (p=0.01) after one and to -1.2±1 SDS (p=0.04) after two years of rhGH treatment. There was a strong correlation (r(2)=0.6104, p<0.0001) between the age of onset of rhGH treatment and the number of cm gained over the study period. Pre-pubertal patients height SDS improved compared to baseline height SDS after one (-1.5±0.7, p<0.03) and two (-0.96±1, p<0.03) years of rhGH treatment. In pubertal patients there was no significant improvement in height SDS after one year (-1.75±1) and after two years (-1.7±0.8) of rhGH treatment. CONCLUSION: Two-year rhGH treatment is effective to treat short stature in XLHR children. Pre-pubertal children responded better to rhGH. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT02720770.
Relative Skeletal Maturation and Population Ancestry in Nonobese Children and Adolescents.$$$ More rapid skeletal maturation in African-American (AA) children is recognized and generally attributed to an increased prevalence of obesity. The objective of the present study was to evaluate the effects of population ancestry on relative skeletal maturation in healthy, non-obese children and adolescents, accounting for body composition and sexual maturation. To do this, we leveraged a multiethnic, mixed-longitudinal study with annual assessments for up to 7 years (The Bone Mineral Density in Childhood Study and its ancillary cohort) conducted at five US clinical centers. Participants included 1592 children, skeletally immature (45% females, 19% AA) who were aged 5 to 17 years at study entry. The primary outcome measure was relative skeletal maturation as assessed by hand-wrist radiograph. Additional covariates measured included anthropometrics, body composition by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA), and Tanner stage of sexual maturation. Using mixed effects longitudinal models, without covariates, advancement in relative skeletal maturation was noted in self-reported AA girls (∼0.33 years, p < 0.001) and boys (∼0.43 years, p < 0.001). Boys and girls of all ancestry groups showed independent positive associations of height, lean mass, fat mass, and puberty with relative skeletal maturation. The effect of ancestry was attenuated but persistent after accounting for covariates: for girls, 0.19 years (ancestry by self-report, p = 0.02) or 0.29 years (ancestry by admixture, p = 0.004); and for boys, 0.20 years (ancestry by self-report, p = 0.004), or 0.29 years (ancestry by admixture, p = 0.004). In summary, we conclude that advancement in relative skeletal maturation was associated with AA ancestry in healthy, non-obese children, independent of growth, body composition, and puberty. Further research into the mechanisms underlying this observation may provide insights into the regulation of skeletal maturation. © 2016 American Society for Bone and Mineral Research.
Pharmacogenomics in diabetes: outcomes of thiamine therapy in TRMA syndrome.$$$ AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Diabetes is one of the cardinal features of thiamine-responsive megaloblastic anaemia (TRMA) syndrome. Current knowledge of this rare monogenic diabetes subtype is limited. We investigated the genotype, phenotype and response to thiamine (vitamin B(1)) in a cohort of individuals with TRMA-related diabetes. METHODS: We studied 32 individuals with biallelic SLC19A2 mutations identified by Sanger or next generation sequencing. Clinical details were collected through a follow-up questionnaire. RESULTS: We identified 24 different mutations, of which nine are novel. The onset of the first TRMA symptom ranged from birth to 4 years (median 6 months [interquartile range, IQR 3-24]) and median age at diabetes onset was 10 months (IQR 5-27). At presentation, three individuals had isolated diabetes and 12 had asymptomatic hyperglycaemia. Follow-up data was available for 15 individuals treated with thiamine for a median 4.7 years (IQR 3-10). Four patients were able to stop insulin and seven achieved better glycaemic control on lower insulin doses. These 11 patients were significantly younger at diabetes diagnosis (p = 0.042), at genetic testing (p = 0.01) and when starting thiamine (p = 0.007) compared with the rest of the cohort. All patients treated with thiamine became transfusion-independent and adolescents achieved normal puberty. There were no additional benefits of thiamine doses >150 mg/day and no reported side effects up to 300 mg/day. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: In TRMA syndrome, diabetes can be asymptomatic and present before the appearance of other features. Prompt recognition is essential as early treatment with thiamine can result in improved glycaemic control, with some individuals becoming insulin-independent. DATA AVAILABILITY: SLC19A2 mutation details have been deposited in the Decipher database ( https://decipher.sanger.ac.uk/ ). FAU - Habeb, Abdelhadi M
Differences in metabolic risk factors between normal weight and overweight children.$$$ BACKGROUND: The effect of overweight on metabolic risk factors and the role of physical activity (PA) in pre-pubertal children is unclear. OBJECTIVE: To study differences in metabolic risk factors between groups of normal weight and overweight children and how these risk factors are associated with objectively measured PA and cardio-respiratory fitness (CRF). DESIGN: A cross-sectional study was conducted with 68 children aged 8?11 years. Children were categorized into normal weight (n = 39) and overweight/obese (n = 24/5). PA and CRF were measured objectively. An oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was performed and triglycerides (TG) and HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C) were measured. A metabolic risk score (MRS) was calculated from the standardized values of insulin, glucose, TG, inverted HDL-C and blood pressure. RESULTS: There was a significant (P < 0.05) difference between normal weight and overweight children in clustered metabolic risk, insulin (AUC), fasting insulin and systolic blood pressure. PA and CRF did not differ significantly between groups. In linear regression analysis combining the two groups, PA was negatively associated with insulin (AUC) (? = ?0.25, 95% CI = ?0.50, ?0.002) and CRF was negatively associated with fasting insulin (? = ?0.41, 95% CI = ?0.67, ?0.15). CONCLUSIONS: Metabolic risk factors are elevated in overweight pre-pubertal children compared with normal weight controls. This is not explained by lower PA or CRF in the overweight group although PA and CRF were associated with lower insulin levels in pooled analyses. This highlights the importance of preventing overweight in children from an early age in order to prevent the metabolic syndrome and its associated diseases. FAU - Nyberg, Gisela
Sex steroid hormones, growth and puberty in children with portal hypertension.$$$ Perturbations in sex hormones occur in adults with liver disease; however, little is known about how liver disease affects hormone levels in children. To address this issue, we recruited 19 patients with portal hypertension and 21 non-hormone-deficient short children as controls. Serum sex hormones, sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG), IGF-I, IGFBP-3, gonadotropins, and thyroid hormones were measured; growth and pubertal status were recorded. There was no significant difference between groups for any of the sex hormones, SHBG, gonadotropins, or thyroid hormones. In contrast, IGF-I and IGFBP-3 were significantly lower among patients than controls, despite the fact that height SDS for the control group was significantly lower. We conclude from this cross-sectional study that children with portal hypertension do not have clinical evidence of growth failure or abnormal puberty, despite subtle changes in the growth axis. FAU - Yuse-Gabriel, Cynthia M
Long term ocular and neurological involvement in severe congenital toxoplasmosis.$$$ AIMS: This study was set up to determine the long term ocular and systemic sequelae in patients with severe congenital toxoplasmosis. METHODS: Cross sectional and retrospective study of 17 patients with severe congenital toxoplasmosis. RESULTS: In addition to chorioretinitis (100%), the most common abnormal ocular features were optic nerve atrophy (83%), visual acuity of less than 0.1 (85%), strabismus, and microphthalmos. In 50% of cases we observed iridic abnormalities and about 40% developed a cataract. Overt endocrinological disease, diagnosed in five of 15 patients, included panhypopituitarism (n = 2), gonadal failure with dwarfism (n = 1), precocious puberty with dwarfism and thyroid deficiency (n = 1), and diabetes mellitus and thyroid deficiency (n = 1). The observed endocrinological involvement was associated in all cases with obstructive hydrocephalus with a dilated third ventricle and optic nerve atrophy. CONCLUSION: The recognition of long term ocular, neurological, and endocrinological sequelae of congenital toxoplasmosis is important for medical management of these severely handicapped patients. FAU - Meenken, C
Importance of estrogen on bone health in Turner syndrome: a cross-sectional and longitudinal study using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry.$$$ Osteoporosis and fractures are features in adults with Turner syndrome (TS). Using dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, correcting bone mineral content (BMC) for height and lean mass (LTM) avoids misclassification of short children as osteopenic. Total body (TB), lumbar spine (LS), and femoral neck (FN) dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry scans were performed on 83 patients with TS (aged 4-24 yr). A prepubertal subgroup (n = 17) receiving GH was followed for 24 months. Age z-scores for height, TB BMC, LTM, the BMC/LTM ratio, and LS volumetric bone mineral density (vBMD) decreased significantly (P < 0.001) with age in prepubertal subjects (n = 51) but were constant in the combined pubertal and postmenarchal group (n = 32). Osteopenia was found in 14.5% (TB), 15.8% (LS), and 28.4% (FN) of patients. In the longitudinal subgroup, TB BMC z-scores decreased by -0.28 (0.31) in subjects remaining prepubertal (n = 11) but increased by 0.71 (0.56) in subjects entering puberty (n = 6; P = 0.007). The z-scores for height and LTM increased in both groups. Our results show a height-independent prepubertal decrease in bone mass accrual, which ceased with puberty. Optimizing bone mass in TS may require earlier induction of puberty than currently recommended. However, reduced FN volumetric bone mineral density and a dissociation of bone and muscle measures were age independent, suggesting an additional intrinsic bone defect. FAU - Högler, Wolfgang
Factors associated with bone turnover and speed of sound in early and late-pubertal females.$$$ This cross-sectional study examines whether maturity, body composition, physical activity, dietary intake, and hormonal concentrations are related to markers of bone turnover and tibial speed of sound (tSOS) in premenarcheal (n = 20, 10.1 ± 1.1 years) and postmenarcheal girls (n = 28, aged 15.0 ± 1.4 years). Somatic maturity was evaluated using years from age of peak height velocity (aPHV). Daily dietary intake was assessed with a 24-h recall interview, and moderate to very vigorous physical activity (MVPA) was measured using accelerometry. Plasma levels of 25-OH vitamin D, serum levels of insulin-like growth-factor 1 (IGF-1) and leptin, and serum levels of bone turnover markers including osteocalcin (OC), bone-specific alkaline phosphatase (BAP) and cross-linked N-teleopeptide of type I collagen (NTX) were measured using ELISA. OC, BAP, and NTX were significantly higher while IGF-1 and tSOS were lower in the premenarcheal group. The premenarcheal girls were more active and had higher daily energy intake relative to their body mass but there were no group differences in body mass index percentile. Maturity predicted 40%-57% of the variance in bone turnover markers. Additionally, daily energy intake was a significant predictor of OC, especially in the postmenarcheal group. IGF-1 and MVPA were significant predictors of BAP in the group as a whole. However, examined separately, IGF-1 was a predictor of BAP in the premenarcheal group while MVPA was a predictor in the postmenarcheal group. Adiposity and leptin were both negative predictors of tSOS, with leptin being specifically predictive in the postmenarcheal group. In conclusion, while maturity was the strongest predictor of bone markers and tSOS, dietary intake, physical activity, body composition, and hormonal factors further contribute to the variance in bone turnover and bone SOS in young Caucasian females. Further, the predicting factors of bone turnover and tSOS were different within each maturity group. FAU - Klentrou, Panagiota
Short- and long-term relationships of serum ghrelin with changes in body composition and the metabolic syndrome in prepubescent obese children following two different weight loss programmes.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Ghrelin has been proposed to be a regulator of energy balance, and its dysregulation may be important in obesity. The aims of this study were (i) to compare short- and long-term changes in circulating ghrelin concentration after increasing energy expenditure vs. its changes after decreasing energy intake, (ii) to determine factors associated with changes in ghrelin level, and (iii) to assess relationships of ghrelin concentration with metabolic syndrome (MetS) in prepubescent obese children. DESIGN: Randomized controlled trial. PATIENTS: About 100 obese children aged 7-9 years. MEASUREMENTS: After baseline testing, children were randomly assigned to two interventional groups, either receiving dietary recommendations or engaging in physical training classes for 6 months. Ghrelin, insulin, leptin, fasting blood sugar, lipid profile and anthropometric indexes, as well as energy intake and expenditure were measured. RESULTS: Of the participants, 92 completed the 6-month trial, and 87 returned for the 1-year follow-up. Except ghrelin level, other biochemical variables had no significant change at 12- vs. 6-month follow-up. In both groups, ghrelin showed a progressive increase in the periods of time with significant reduction of overweight and negative energy balance; while after the end of the trial, when children regained weight, it decreased toward baseline levels. Baseline ghrelin had strong negative correlation with measures of central obesity. The odds of having the MetS were 12% lower in the middle and 37% lower in the highest tertile of ghrelin level. As the number of MetS components increased, there was a progressive decrease in ghrelin and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI), with a progressive increase in serum insulin, HOMA-R and leptin levels. CONCLUSIONS: Ghrelin increases in response to overweight reduction and negative energy balance resulting from either an exercise intervention or reduction in food intake in prepubescent obese children. It is unlikely to regulate long-term energy balance in young obese children. FAU - Kelishadi, Roya
Insulin level and insulin sensitivity indices among healthy children and adolescents.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Information on insulin reference values and insulin sensitivity indices in the field of pediatrics is scarce. OBJECTIVE: To describe insulin range and insulin sensitivity surrogate indices during childhood. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Fasting insulin level range and surrogate indices, such as the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), among healthy children and adolescents by age, body mass index, pubertal stage (PS), insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), total cholesterol, and triglycerides. RESULTS: Two hundred and twenty-six healthy children and adolescents (1-18 years old) were included. Insulin increased with age, body mass index, pubertal stage, IGF-1 and triglyceride levels (r2= 0.38, p 〈 0.0001). Prepubertal children 〉 7.5 years old had higher insulin levels [median (P3 and P97) pIU/mL: 5.0 (1.7-9.6)] than prepubertal children 〈 7.5 years old [2.9 pIU/ mL (1.3-10.9), p 〈 0.01]. During puberty (from PS II to PS V), insulin was higher in girls than in boys [7.4 (1.8-16.9) versus 5.8 (1.8-12.9), p 〈 0.01]. The HOMA-IR index increased in the group of prepubertal children 〉 7.5 years old: 1.1 (0.32.0) versus children 〈 7.5 years old: 0.6 (0.3-1.4, p 〈 0.01). The insulin level and HOMA-IR results were higher in pubertal children compared to the prepubertal group (p 〈 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Known physiological changes were observed inboth insulin levels and the HOMA-IR index among children and adolescents. A fasting blood insulin level of 10 pIU/mL in prepubertal children and of 17 pIU/mL and 13 pIU/mL in pubertal girls and boys, respectively, may be considered as an acceptable cut-off value in healthy children. A HOMA-IR value 〉 2.0 and 〉 2.6 in prepubertal and pubertal children, respectively, may be considered a warning sign for pediatricians to further investigate insulin resistance.
White blood cell count may identify abnormal cardiometabolic phenotype and preclinical organ damage in overweight/obese children.$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Subclinical inflammation is a central component of cardiometabolic disease risk in obese subjects. The aim of the study was to evaluate whether the white blood cell count (WBCc) may help to identify an abnormal cardiometabolic phenotype in overweight (Ow) or obese (Ob) children. METHODS AND RESULTS: A cross-sectional sample of 2835 Ow/Ob children and adolescents (age 6-18 years) was recruited from 10 Italian centers for the care of obesity. Anthropometric and biochemical variables were assessed in the overall sample. Waist to height ratio (WhtR), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), lipids, 2 h post-load plasma glucose (2hPG), left ventricular (LV) geometry and carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT) were assessed in 2128, 2300, 1834, 535 and 315 children, respectively. Insulin resistance and whole body insulin sensitivity index (WBISI) were analyzed using homeostatic model assessment (HOMA-IR) and Matsuda's test. Groups divided in quartiles of WBCc significantly differed for body mass index, WhtR, 2hPG, HOMA-IR, WBISI, lipids, ALT, cIMT, LV mass and relative wall thickness. Children with high WBCc (≥8700 cell/mm(3)) showed a 1.3-2.5 fold increased probability of having high normal 2hPG, high ALT, high cIMT, or LV remodeling/concentric LV hypertrophy, after adjustment for age, gender, pubertal status, BMI and centers. CONCLUSIONS: This study shows that WBCc is associated with early derangements of glucose metabolism and preclinical signs of liver, vascular and cardiac damage. The WBCc may be an effective and low-cost tool for identifying Ow and Ob children at the greatest risk of potential complications.
Birth weight, body silhouette over the life course, and incident diabetes in 91,453 middle-aged women from the French Etude Epidemiologique de Femmes de la Mutuelle Generale de l'Education Nationale (E3N) Cohort.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Obesity and increases in body weight in adults are considered to be among the most important risk factors for type 2 diabetes. Low birth weight is also associated with a higher diabetes incidence. We aimed to examine to what extent the evolution of body shape, from childhood to adulthood, is related to incident diabetes in late adulthood. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Etude Epidemiologique de Femmes de la Mutuelle Générale de l'Education Nationale (E3N) is a cohort study of French women born in 1925-1950 and followed by questionnaire every 2 years. At baseline, in 1990, women were asked to report their current weight, height, and body silhouette at various ages. Birth weight was recorded in 2002. Cases of diabetes were self-reported or obtained by drug reimbursement record linkage and further validated. RESULTS: Of the 91,453 women who were nondiabetic at baseline, 2,534 developed diabetes over the 15 years of follow-up. Birth weight and body silhouette at 8 years, at menarche, and in young adulthood (20-25 years) were inversely associated with the risk of diabetes, independently of adult BMI during follow-up (all P(trend) < 0.001). In mid-adulthood (35-40 years), the association was reversed, with an increase in risk related to a larger body silhouette. An increase in body silhouette from childhood to mid-adulthood amplified the risk of diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Low birth weight and thinness until young adulthood may increase the risk of diabetes, independently of adult BMI during follow-up. Young women who were lean children should be especially warned against weight gain. FAU - de Lauzon-Guillain, Blandine
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease decrease in obese adolescents after multidisciplinary therapy.$$$ BACKGROUND: Despite the increasing prevalence of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, its pathogenesis and clinical significance remain poorly defined and there is no ideal treatment. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to assess the short-term (12-week) multidisciplinary therapy on visceral adiposity and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease control. METHODS: We evaluated and compared the distribution of visceral adiposity and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, by ultrasonography, in 73 post-puberty obese participants (17.01+/-1.6 years old; body mass index 36.54+/-2.86 kg/m), submitted to a multidisciplinary treatment without medications, at the beginning and after 12 weeks of intervention. Descriptive and one-way analysis of variance, and paired t-test were performed. RESULTS: The results indicated that after intervention the adolescents had a significant reduction in visceral adiposity (4.05+/-1.55 to 3.37+/-1.44) and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease prevalence (from 52 to 29% on the right side and from 48 to 29% on the left side). It is a positive result because nonalcoholic fatty liver disease can progress to cirrhosis, even in children and adolescents. CONCLUSIONS: The short-term treatment suggests a profound impact on the control of obesity-related co-morbidities in young people. FAU - Tock, Lian
Assessment of insulin like growth factor-1 and IGF binding protein-3 in healthy Indian girls from Delhi and their correlation with age, pubertal status, obesity and thyroid hormonal status.$$$ BACKGROUND: Population specific data and influence of sub-clinical hypothyroidism on insulin like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) and its binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) in Indian children is lacking. This study was undertaken to evaluate serum IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 and their correlation with age, gender, pubertal status and thyroid functions. METHODS: A total of 840 apparently healthy school girls aged 6-18 years, were recruited for the study and underwent assessment of height, weight, body mass index, pubertal status and serum T3, T4, TSH, IGF-1, IGFBP-3 and IGF-1/IGFBP-3 molar ratio. RESULTS: The mean serum levels of IGF-1, IGFBP-3 levels and IGF-1/IGFBP-3 molar ratio were 381.8±240.5 ng/mL, 4.19±2.08 μg/mL and 40.5±37.2%, respectively. The serum IGF-1 and IGF-1/IGFBP-3 molar ratio increased significantly (p<0.0001) at 11 years followed by a steady yet non-significant rise till 16 years of age. A similar pattern was observed for IGFBP-3 showing a steep rise at 12 years and peaking at 16 years. Likewise, serum levels of IGF-1 and molar ratio of IGF-1/IGFBP-3 increased significantly with pubertal maturation from stage 1 to 3 and were higher in overweight girls compared to normal weight and obese girls. The growth factors were no different in girls with or without subclinical hypothyroidism. CONCLUSIONS: There was no significant impact of age on IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 in pre-pubertal girls. A sudden marked increase at 11 years followed by a gradual rise in growth factors till 16 years is indicative of pubertal initiation and maturation. Subclinical hypothyroidism did not influence growth factors in girls. FAU - Marwaha, Raman K
[Correlations between clinical signs and hormonal parameters in young women with hirsutism].$$$ Hyperandrogenism is the pathological condition, which clinical signs are "androgendependent dermopathies" (seborrhea, acne, hirsutism, alopecia) and not in every cases evidence with hyperandrogenemia. Free testosterone is the most frequent marker of hyperandrogenism, but its determination routinely not feasible in all laboratories. Therefore, some models for calculating free and bioavailable testosterone have been developed. In women the testosterone sources are not only ovaries and adrenal glands, but also abdominal and peripheral fat. There are many investigations to definite correlations between body mass index, androgens and sex hormone binding globulin. The aim of this study was to define the correlations between clinical, biochemical markers of hyperandrogenism and body mass index, with regard of abdominal obesity in young women with hirsutism. 83 female adolescents (14-20 year) with hirsutism and 20 female adolescents in control group were included. C-peptide, estradiol, total testosterone, sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) were measured. Free androgen index (FAI), free (cFT) and bioavailable (Bio-T) testosterone were calculated. The levels of C-peptide and glucose were used to compute Homa-IR (homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance). There were detected significant high levels by all hormonal parameters of hyperandrogenism in women with hirsutism, than in control group. In patients with abdominal obesity were also found significant high levels by all calculated parameters of hyperandrogenism and significant low level of steroid-bind globulin, than in patients with central obesity. In two groups by hirsutism degree were not detected any differences between androgen markers. The findigs of this research suggest, that android obesity in female adolescents with hirsutism can cause harder hyperandrogenism and elevate free androgen index, free and bioavailable testosterone levels. The prophylactic reduction of body mass index may prevent complications. FAU - Kristesashvili, J
Instability of different adolescent metabolic syndrome definitions tracked into early adulthood metabolic syndrome: Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study (TLGS).$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: There are substantial controversies about the clinical utility of adolescent metabolic syndrome (MetS). The current study examined the stability of adolescent MetS by assessing the agreement and discriminative abilities of four different definitions of adolescent MetS and the adult MetS definition during a 10.4-yr follow up. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: For this study, 1424 adolescents (55.2% female), who participated in the framework of the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study were included. Kappa was calculated for agreement between adolescent MetS definitions [Cook, de Ferranti, pediatric National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP) and pediatric International Diabetes Federation (IDF)] and the adulthood MetS definition defined by the joint interim statement (JIS) criteria. MetS persistence, instability, and incidence were assessed, and for each of the four adolescent definitions, sensitivity, specificity, and area under receiver operating curve (AUC) for the counting of categorical adulthood MetS components was evaluated. RESULTS: The agreement between the four adolescent MetS definitions and JIS was poor (κ = 0.094-0.255). All definitions showed low sensitivity and high specificity, except for de Ferranti's, which contrary to other definitions, had higher sensitivity and lower specificity. All four adolescent definitions revealed generally low AUCs (0.601-0.647). Compared with the pubertal group (11-14 yr), the predictive power was slightly higher in the late-pubertal group (15-18 yr). Cook's and de Ferranti's definitions showed fairly better predictive powers (0.647 and 0.644, respectively). Across all definitions, instability ranged between 5.4 and 19.6%. CONCLUSION: The adolescent definitions show considerable amount of instability defined as poor agreement and low discriminative abilities tracked into early adulthood.
Weight status continuity and change from adolescence to young adulthood: examining disease and health risk conditions.$$$ This study examined weight status during adolescence and young adulthood, and young adult health condition diagnosis. Data are from 10,439 African-American, Hispanic, and white men and women participating in the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent Health during Waves 1 (adolescence: ages 12-19) and 3 (young adulthood: ages 19-26). Categories were created differentiating individuals based on their weight status during adolescence and young adulthood: (i) obese during adolescence and young adulthood (i.e., continuously obese), (ii) obese during adolescence only, (iii) obese during young adulthood only, and (iv) never obese. Multilevel random intercept regression models were used to examine the impact of obesity category, sex, and race/ethnicity on young adult asthma, diabetes, high cholesterol, and high blood pressure. Continuous obesity increased the likelihood for young adult disease and health risk conditions compared to individuals who were never obese. Obesity isolated to adolescence (Wave 1) increased the likelihood for high cholesterol and high blood pressure, whereas obesity isolated to young adulthood (Wave 3) also increased the likelihood for diabetes--all increases were relative to nonobese weight status during both periods. Associations varied in direction and degree when sex and race/ethnicity were considered. Findings clarify some of the mixed understandings regarding the associations between age of onset and stability of obesity, and health outcomes with important public health implications. Although results indicate obesity isolated to a single developmental period does have health repercussions, obesity experienced continuously during adolescence and young adulthood greatly intensified risk across all health conditions. FAU - Merten, Michael J
Menarcheal age of mothers and daughters: Tehran lipid and glucose study.$$$ There is some evidence for a decreasing age of menarche in many populations. This study examined the secular trend of age at menarche among Iranian women. Age at menarche based on recall information was recorded for 770 pairs of mother and daughters. Between 1930 and 1990 mean menarcheal age of this cohort of women decreased from 13.88 to 12.98 years (-0.15 years per decade) and mean height of the cohort increased from 152.33 to 158.43 cm (+0.99 cm per decade). There was a significant correlation between menarcheal age of mothers and their daughters (r = 0.27). Year of birth, mother's menarcheal age and daughter's height were significant predictors of daughter's menarcheal age. FAU - Tehrani, F R
Evidence for energy conservation during pubertal growth. A 10-year longitudinal study (EarlyBird 71).$$$ BACKGROUND: Diabetes is closely linked to obesity, and obesity rates climb during adolescence for reasons that are not clear. Energy efficiency is important to obesity, and we describe a temporary but substantial fall in absolute energy expenditure, compatible with improved energy efficiency, during the rapid growth phase of puberty. METHODS: In a longitudinal cohort study lasting 10 years, we measured voluntary energy expenditure as physical activity (PA) by accelerometry, involuntary energy expenditure as resting energy expenditure (REE) by oxygen consumption, body mass index (BMI) and body composition by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry annually on 10 occasions from 7 to 16 years in the 347 children of the EarlyBird study. We used mixed effects modelling to analyse the trends in REE and their relationship to BMI, lean mass (LM), fat mass (FM), age, PA and pubertal stage. RESULTS: Relative REE and total PA fell during puberty, as previously described, but the longitudinal data and narrow age-range of the cohort (s.d.±4m) revealed for the first time a substantial fall in absolute REE during the period of maximum growth. The fall became clearer still when adjusted for FM and LM. The fall could not be explained by fasting insulin, adiponectin, leptin, luteinising hormone or follicle stimulating hormone. CONCLUSIONS: There appears to be a temporary but substantial reduction in energy expenditure during puberty, which is unrelated to changes in body composition. If it means higher energy efficiency, the fall in REE could be advantageous in an evolutionary context to delivering the extra energy needed for pubertal growth, but unfavourable to weight gain in a contemporary environment. FAU - Mostazir, M
Factor analysis of metabolic syndrome components in severely obese girls and boys.$$$ AIMS AND METHODS: Factor analysis is a multivariate correlation technique frequently employed to characterise the aggregation of abnormalities underlying the metabolic syndrome (MS), but scarcely used in obese adolescents. Aim of the study was to investigate the clustering of anthropometric and metabolic variables related to the MS in 487 obese pubertal adolescents (140 boys, 347 girls) in the range of age 11-18 yr employing the factor analysis with exploratory approach. RESULTS: Principal component analysis reduced 11 correlated physiological variables to 4 uncorrelated factors that explained 68.7% of the variance in the original parameters in boys, and 68.4% in girls. In boys, these factors were: obesity/ hypertension, insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, and hyperglycemia, with elements related to obesity and fat distribution loaded also in dyslipidemia and insulin resistance. In girls no commonalities were detected, but elements of dyslipidemia and insulin resistance were loaded in a single factor, whereas elements of obesity and hypertension were loaded in separate factors. CONCLUSIONS: The identification of 4 independent factors suggests a multiple physiological origin of the MS also in youngsters. The measures of adiposity were correlated with development of hypertension, insulin resistance, and dyslipidemic phenomena in boys only, whereas in girls anthropometric measures were not correlated with any tested component of the MS, possibly disclosing the protective effect of female sex hormones in the juvenile age span. FAU - Lafortuna, C L
Impaired insulin sensitivity and elevated ectopic fat in healthy obese vs. nonobese prepubertal children.$$$ Insulin sensitivity is impaired and ectopic fat (accretion of lipids outside of typical adipose tissue depots) increased in obese adults and adolescents. It is unknown how early in life this occurs; thus, it is important to evaluate young children to identify potential factors leading to the development of metabolic syndrome. We examined an ethnically diverse cohort of healthy, exclusively prepubertal children (N = 123; F = 57, M = 66; age 8.04 ± 0.77 years) to examine differences in insulin sensitivity and ectopic and visceral fat deposition between obese and nonobese youth. Obesity was categorized by age- and sex-adjusted BMI z-scores (nonobese = z-score <2 (N = 94) and obese = z-score ≥2 (N = 29)). Insulin sensitivity was assessed by both a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (S(i)) and the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA(IR)). Intramyocellular lipids (IMCLs) from soleus and intrahepatic lipids (IHLs) were assessed by magnetic resonance spectroscopy, visceral adipose tissue (VAT) by magnetic resonance imaging, and total body fat by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. We also examined serum lipids (total cholesterol, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol) and blood pressure (diastolic and systolic). Obese children exhibited significantly lower S(i) (5.9 ± 5.98 vs. 13.43 ± 8.18 (mµ/l)(-1)·min(-1), P = 0.01) and HDL-C and higher HOMA(IR) (1.68 ± 1.49 vs. 0.63 ± 0.47, P < 0.0001), IMCL (0.74 ± 0.39 vs. 0.44 ± 0.21% water peak, P < 0.0001), IHL (1.49 ± 1.13 vs. 0.54 ± 0.42% water peak, P < 0.0001), VAT (20.16 ± 8.01 vs. 10.62 ± 5.44 cm(2), P < 0.0001), total cholesterol, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and systolic blood pressure relative to nonobese children. These results confirm significantly increased ectopic fat and insulin resistance in healthy obese vs. nonobese children prior to puberty. Excessive adiposity during early development appears concomitant with precursors of type 2 diabetes and the metabolic syndrome. FAU - Bennett, Brian
Fatness, fitness, and cardiometabolic risk factors among sixth-grade youth.$$$ PURPOSE: Examine whether cardiometabolic risk factors are predicted by fitness or fatness among adolescents. METHODS: Participants are 4955 (2614 female) sixth-grade students with complete data from 42 US middle schools. Fasting blood samples were analyzed for total cholesterol, HDL- and LDL-cholesterol, triglyceride, glucose, and insulin concentrations. Waist circumference and blood pressure were assessed. Body mass index (BMI) was categorized as normal weight, overweight, or obese as a measure of fatness. Fitness was assessed using the multistage shuttle test and was converted into gender-specific quintiles. Gender-specific regression models, adjusted for race, pubertal status, and household education, were run to identify whether BMI group predicted risk factors. Models were repeated with fitness group and both fitness and fatness groups as predictors. RESULTS: Means for each risk factor (except HDL, which was the reverse) were significantly higher (P < 0.0001) with increased fatness and differed across all BMI groups (P < 0.001). Waist circumference, LDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, diastolic blood pressure, and insulin were inversely associated with fitness (P < 0.001). When both fatness and fitness were included in the model, BMI was associated (P < 0.001) with almost all cardiometabolic risk factors; fitness was only associated with waist circumference (both genders), LDL-cholesterol (males), and insulin (both genders). Other associations between fitness and cardiometabolic risk factors were attenuated after adjustment for BMI group. CONCLUSIONS: Both fatness and fitness are associated with cardiometabolic risk factors among sixth-grade youth, but stronger associations were observed for fatness. Although maintaining high levels of fitness and preventing obesity may positively affect cardiometabolic risk factors, greater benefit may be obtained from obesity prevention. FAU - Jago, Russell
Enhanced insulin sensitivity in prepubertal children with constitutional delay of growth and development.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To test the hypothesis that prepubertal children with presumed constitutional delay of growth and development (CDGD) have enhanced insulin sensitivity and, therefore, insulin sensitivity is associated with later onset of puberty. STUDY DESIGN: Twenty-one prepubertal children with presumed CDGD and 23 prepubertal control children, underwent a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test to evaluate insulin sensitivity and other markers of insulin, glucose, and growth regulation. RESULTS: Children in the CDGD group were shorter and leaner than control subjects. Children with presumed CDGD were 40% more insulin sensitive (17.0 x 10(-4) min(-1)/[mU/L] versus 12.1 x 10(-4) min(-1)/[mU/L]; P = .0006) and had reduced acute insulin response, thus maintaining euglycemia (216 mU/L versus 330 mU/L; P = .02) compared with control subjects. In addition, the CDGD group had lower serum insulin-like growth factor binding protein 3 levels (3333 ng/mL versus 3775 ng/mL; P = .0004) and a trend toward lower serum insulin-like growth factor-II levels (794 ng/mL versus 911 ng/mL; P = .06). CONCLUSION: Prepubertal children with presumed CDGD have enhanced insulin sensitivity, supporting the hypothesis that insulin sensitivity is associated with timing of puberty. It may signify long-term biological advantages with lower risk of metabolic syndrome and malignancy.
Age at menarche and its association with the metabolic syndrome and its components: results from the KORA F4 study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The metabolic syndrome is a major public health challenge and identifies persons at risk for diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to examine the association between age at menarche and the metabolic syndrome (IDF and NCEP ATP III classification) and its components. DESIGN: 1536 women aged 32 to 81 years of the German population based KORA F4 study were investigated. Data was collected by standardized interviews, physical examinations, and whole blood and serum measurements. RESULTS: Young age at menarche was significantly associated with elevated body mass index (BMI), greater waist circumference, higher fasting glucose levels, and 2 hour glucose (oral glucose tolerance test), even after adjusting for the difference between current BMI and BMI at age 25. The significant effect on elevated triglycerides and systolic blood pressure was attenuated after adjustment for the BMI change. Age at menarche was inversely associated with the metabolic syndrome adjusting for age (p-values: <0.001 IDF, 0.003 NCEP classification) and additional potential confounders including lifestyle and reproductive history factors (p-values: 0.001, 0.005). Associations remain significant when additionally controlling for recollected BMI at age 25 (p-values: 0.008, 0.033) or the BMI change since age 25 (p-values: 0.005, 0.022). CONCLUSION: Young age at menarche might play a role in the development of the metabolic syndrome. This association is only partially mediated by weight gain and increased BMI. A history of early menarche may help to identify women at risk for the metabolic syndrome. FAU - Stöckl, Doris
Independent effects of age-related changes in waist circumference and BMI z scores in predicting cardiovascular disease risk factors in a prospective cohort of adolescent females.$$$ BACKGROUND: Cross-sectional data indicate that central adiposity is associated with cardiovascular disease risk, independent of total adiposity. The use of longitudinal data to investigate the relation between changes in fat distribution and the emergence of risk factors is limited. OBJECTIVE: We tested the hypothesis that age-related change in waist circumference (to reflect central adiposity) during adolescence is a significant predictor of longitudinal change in cardiovascular disease risk, after adjustment for change in body mass index (BMI) z score (to reflect total adiposity) in a cohort of postmenarcheal adolescent females. We also tested whether race modified this relation. DESIGN: We analyzed publicly available data from the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Growth and Health Study. Longitudinal regression models were fitted to investigate the independent effects of changes in waist circumference on cardiovascular disease risk factors. RESULTS: Steeper age-related increases in waist circumference over time were associated with a greater increase in LDL-cholesterol concentrations, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, after adjustment for BMI z score, in white but not in black females. Change in waist circumference was not a statistically significant predictor of age-related changes in HDL-cholesterol, triglyceride, insulin, and glucose concentrations, after adjustment for changes in BMI z score, in either white or black females. CONCLUSIONS: Our research suggests that monitoring waist circumference in addition to BMI z score has the potential to identify adolescents at risk of the emergence of cardiovascular disease risk factors, at least in white females. The data also suggest that race may modify the relation between fat distribution pattern and cardiovascular disease risk factors. FAU - Tybor, David J
Serum lipid levels in an Iranian population of children and adolescents: Tehran lipid and glucose study.$$$ Data from 3148 participants aged 3-19 years (1447 males and 1701 females) in the cross-sectional phase of Tehran lipid and glucose study (February 1999-May 2000) were used to determine serum lipid levels [total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TGs), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C)] after 12-14 hours overnight fast. The values were analyzed by sex and age. Mean serum TC concentration was 170 mg/dl. TC was significantly greater in females than males (173 vs. 167 mg/dl, p < 0.05). The 90th and 95th percentiles for serum TC were 211 and 227 mg/dl, respectively. There was a significant decrease in mean TC in males during puberty. Thirty-one percent of population had TC values between 170 and 199 mg/dl and 16% had values of 200 mg/dl or greater. The mean TGs values were 103 for males and 108 mg/dl for females [non-significant (NS)]. The prevalence of high-risk values of TGs increased with age in males, reaching a peak at 17-19 years. The mean HDL-C level was 45 mg/dl. Mean HDL-C was highest at 7-10 years of age and decreased thereafter. The mean LDL-C was 102 in males and 107 mg/dl in females (NS). Twenty-two percent had LDL-C values between 110 and 129 mg/dl and 17% had values 130 mg/dl or greater. The results showed higher levels of TC, LDL-C and TGs and lower HDL-C in Tehranian children and adolescents than other studies. To design comprehensive public health programs to reduce serum lipid levels among Iranian children and adolescents, underlying factors for the high prevalence of dyslipoproteinemia should be sought. FAU - Azizi, F
Fat distribution in non-obese girls with and without precocious pubarche: central adiposity related to insulinaemia and androgenaemia from prepuberty to postmenarche.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Precocious pubarche (PP) in girls is associated with hyperinsulinaemia and dyslipidaemia of prepubertal onset, and with ovarian hyperandrogenism and ovulatory dysfunction in adolescence, particularly if they also had prenatal growth restraint and postnatal growth acceleration. Hyperinsulinaemia may be the pathogenic key factor, possibly amplified by hyperandrogenaemia. While such PP girls do not have increased body mass index (BMI), we hypothesized that body fat mass and fat distribution may differ between PP girls and matched controls, and may relate to insulin and androgen levels. PATIENTS AND DESIGN: Sixty-seven PP girls (age range 6.0-18.0 years) and 65 control girls matched for age and pubertal stage (5.9-18.0 years) had height, weight, waist and hip circumferences measured, and dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) assessment of total body fat mass, and fat mass in abdominal and truncal regions. All girls had fasting plasma glucose, serum insulin, lipids, testosterone and SHBG levels measured; PP girls also had a standard 2-h oral glucose tolerance test (oGTT). RESULTS: Despite no differences in BMI, PP girls had significantly larger waist circumference, waist-to-hip ratio, total fat mass, percentage fat mass, abdominal fat mass, and truncal fat mass vs. controls in each pubertal stage. Overall, fasting insulin levels, free androgen index (FAI) and blood lipid levels were more closely related to central fat than to total body fat mass. In a multiple regression analysis, truncal fat mass was independently related to both fasting insulin (P = 0.009) and FAI (P < 0.0001). Abdominal fat mass was inversely related to birthweight (r = -0.25, P = 0.001). In PP girls, central fat mass was positively related to insulin levels after oGTT (truncal fat vs. 30 min insulin; r = 0.46, P < 0.0005). CONCLUSIONS: Precocious pubarche girls had excess total body and central fat mass throughout all pubertal stages, and increased central fat was related to hyperinsulinaemia and hyperandrogenaemia. It remains to be verified whether body composition in PP girls can be normalized by insulin-sensitization and/or antiandrogen therapy. FAU - Ibáñez, Lourdes
The side effects of gonadotropin releasing hormone analog (diphereline) in treatment of idiopathic central precocious puberty.$$$ Treatment of central precocious puberty (CPP) is the administration of GnRH analogs. Metabolic syndrome comprised metabolic disturbances that confer increased risk of (CVD) diabetes mellitus (DM) and cardiovascular disease. This study is a longitudinal prospective study in pediatric endocrinology clinic. 30 non-obese children with idiopathic CPP were involved. Total body weight, height, blood pressure, BMI and waist circumference of the patients along with their triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), low density lipoprotein (LDL), high density lipoprotein (HDL), fasting plasma sugar (FPS) were evaluated at the beginning and during 3 and 6 months GnRH analog therapy. All of the patients involved in this study were female with age 9.5±1.02 years. Waist circumference, weight and BMI were 69.3 cm, 37.21 kg, and 19.13 kg/cm(2) before therapy and 72.25 cm, 40.11 kg, and 19.54 kg/m(2) 6 months after therapy respectively. Mean systolic and diastolic blood pressure of the patients before therapy was 96.83 mmHg, 66mmHg and after 6 months therapy was 98.66 mmHg, 89.63 mmHg respectively. Mean TG, LDL, HDL and FPS were 90.06 mg/dl, 91.6 mg/dl, 43.7 mg/dl and 89.6 mg/dl before therapy and 96.4 mg/dl, 93.1 mg/dl, 44.7 mg/dl and 91.36 after 6 months therapy respectively. GnRH analog therapy doesn't cause metabolic syndrome after 3 and 6 month therapy but it may cause hyperlipidemia and central obesity.
Role of nutritional status in the regulation of adrenarche.$$$ The factors regulating adrenarche are unknown. Recent in vitro studies have demonstrated that insulin and insulin-like growth factor I induce major adrenal steroidogenic enzyme genes and increase the production of adrenal androgens. Literature findings strongly suggest that changes in body mass index (BMI) reflect an integrated nonhormonal index of changes in serum levels and/or bioactivities of insulin and insulin-like growth factor I. We therefore longitudinally investigated individual changes in BMI and urinary 24-h excretion rates of dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS) in a prepuberty (PreC; n = 22, 11 boys and 11 girls) and a puberty (PubC; n = 20, 10 boys and 10 girls) cohort of healthy children. Twenty-four-hour urine samples were collected at yearly intervals during observation periods that lasted at least 4 yr (comprising > or = 5 consecutive 24-h urine collections). For 4-yr intervals highly significant tracking coefficients (P < 0.001) of 0.73 (PreC) and 0.93 (PubC) were observed for DHEAS, emphasizing the importance of individual (and genetic) influences on adrenal androgen excretion. In both cohorts almost 3-fold higher median increases in urinary DHEAS excretion rates (P < 0.05) were observed during the 1-yr period of the individually highest rises in BMI compared with the 1-yr period of significantly lower rises in BMI (P < 0.01) in the same children after the factor age was controlled for. However, no consistently significant associations were found between urinary DHEAS output and BMI from simple cross-sectional correlations at defined age points. These findings provide the first in vivo evidence that a change in the nutritional status, measurable in the form of delta-BMI (but not BMI alone), is an important physiological regulator of adrenarche regardless of individual adrenal androgen excretion level, age, and developmental stage. FAU - Remer, T
Worldwide childhood type 1 diabetes incidence--what can we learn from epidemiology?$$$ Type 1 diabetes is the most common form of diabetes in most part of the world, although reliable data are still unavailable in several countries. Wide variations exist between the incidence rates of different populations, incidence is lowest in China and Venezuela (0.1 per 100,000 per year) and highest in Finland and Sardinia (37 per 100,000 per year). In most populations girls and boys are equally affected. In general, the incidence increases with age, the incidence peak is at puberty. After the pubertal years, the incidence rate significantly drops in young women, but remains relatively high in young adult males up to the age 29-35 years. Prospective national and large international registries (DIAMOND and EURODIAB) demonstrated an increasing trend in incidence in most regions of the world over the last few decades and increases seem to be the highest in the youngest age group. Analytical epidemiological studies have identified environmental risk factors operating early in life which might have contributed to the increasing trend in incidence. These include enteroviral infections in pregnant women, older maternal age (39-42 years), preeclampsia, cesarean section delivery, increased birthweight, early introduction of cow's milk proteins and an increased rate of postnatal growth (weight and height). Optimal vitamin D supplementation during early life has been shown to be protective. Some of these environmental risk factors such as viruses may initiate autoimmunity toward the beta cell, other exposures may put on overload on the already affected beta cell and thus accelerate the disease process. FAU - Soltesz, G
Factors associated with menopausal age in Iranian women: Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study.$$$ AIM: Menopause, considered a special event in a woman's life, has a wide age range, 40-60 years, and there is no consensus regarding the factors influencing it. We aimed to assess factors affecting the menopausal age in a population of women participants of the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study. MATERIAL AND METHODS: For the present study, 1114 women were selected from among participants of the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study. Following implementation of our inclusion criteria, their reproductive histories and demographic background as well as anthropometric parameters were assessed, and ordinal regression analysis was conducted using spss version 15. RESULTS: The mean estimated age at menopause ± standard deviation was 49.6 ± 4.5 years. Menopausal age was considerably lower among women with a history of smoking (P = 0.05), and it increased with increasing age of menarche (P = 0.04) and number of children (P = 0.05). There was no significant correlation between the mean age of menopause and the educational level and anthropometric parameters. CONCLUSION: The smoking status, parity and the age of menarche are the influencing factors of age at menopause among the Iranian population.
Gene variants in PPARD and PPARGC1A are associated with timing of natural menopause in the general Japanese population.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Timing of menopause affects postmenopausal health risks. The objective of this study was to evaluate the associations of the single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR)-related genes (PPARD, PPARG, and PPARGC1A) and environmental factors with timing of natural menopause among the general Japanese population. STUDY DESIGN: We analyzed cross-sectional data from 1758 women aged 40-69 years who were enrolled in the baseline surveys of the Japan Multi-institutional Collaborative Cohort (J-MICC) Study. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Associations of timing of natural menopause with its probable covariates and with target gene variants were evaluated by univariate and multivariate Cox proportional hazards models. RESULTS: Lower body mass index and later age at menarche were significantly associated with earlier natural menopause. Women with minor alleles at T-48444C in PPARD showed a significantly higher adjusted hazard ratio of 1.57 (95% confidence interval: 1.18-2.10) for earlier natural menopause. In contrast, women with minor alleles at Thr394Thr in PPARGC1A showed a significantly lower adjusted hazard ratio of 0.86 (0.76-0.97) for earlier natural menopause. These associations did not substantially alter when re-analyzed after excluding the subjects who self-reported a history of diabetes or the subjects whose age was more than 65 years. CONCLUSIONS: Gene variants in PPARD and PPARGC1A might be associated with timing of natural menopause, probably through direct actions on the ovaries, among the general Japanese population.
Adult height in patients with permanent growth hormone deficiency with and without multiple pituitary hormone deficiencies.$$$ CONTEXT: It has been reported that patients with multiple pituitary hormone deficiencies (MPHDs) achieve a greater final height, compared with patients with isolated GH deficiency (IGHD). However, the outcome of patients with permanent GH deficiency (GHD) has not yet been reported. OBJECTIVES: The objectives of the study were to evaluate and compare adult height data and the effect of spontaneous or induced puberty after long-term treatment with GH in young adults with either permanent IGHD or MPHD. DESIGN AND SETTING: This was a retrospective multicenter study conducted in university research hospitals and a tertiary referral endocrine unit. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Thirty-nine patients with IGHD (26 males, 13 females) and 49 with MPHD (31 males, 18 females), diagnosed at a median age of 7.7 and 6.9 yr, respectively, were reevaluated for GH secretion after adult height achievement (median age 17.6 and 19.8 yr). The diagnosis of permanent GHD was based on peak GH levels less than 3 microg/liter after an insulin tolerance test or peak GH levels less than 5 microg/liter after two different tests. Fifteen subjects had idiopathic GHD and seventy-three had magnetic resonance imaging evidence of congenital hypothalamic-pituitary abnormalities. Height sd score (SDS) was analyzed at diagnosis, the onset of puberty (either spontaneous or induced), and the time of GH withdrawal. RESULTS: The subjects with IGHD entered puberty at a median age of 12.6 yr (females) and 13.4 yr (males). Puberty was induced at a median age of 13.5 and 14.0 yr, respectively, in males and females with MPHD. Median height SDS at the beginning of puberty was similar in the IGHD and MPHD subjects. Total pubertal height gain was similar between patients with IGHD or MPHD. Median adult height was also not significantly different between IGHD and MPHD patients (males, 168.5 vs. 170.3 cm; females, 160.0 vs. 157.3 cm). The adult height SDS of the IGHD subjects was positively correlated with height at the time of diagnosis and with total pubertal height gain. Conversely, the adult height SDS of the MPHD subjects was positively correlated with both the duration of GH treatment and height SDS at the time of GHD diagnosis. CONCLUSIONS: Adult height in patients with permanent IGHD and spontaneous puberty is similar to adult height in patients with MPHD and induced puberty. FAU - Maghnie, Mohamad
Effect of androgen on growth hormone secretion and growth in boys with short stature.$$$ The response of plasma growth hormone (GH) to insulin-induced hypoglycaemia (IIH) and arginine infusion (AI) was studied in 22 young males (ages 8 to 17 years) with short atature and absent or delayed sexual maturation, before and after androgen administration. During initial evaluation, 5 patients had blunted GH response to IIH, 12 responded subnormally to AI and 4 failed to respond normally to either stimulus. These same studies were repeated in each patient following androgen administration. The source of androgen was as follows: a) 5 days of testosterone propionate (25 mg intramuscularly daily) in 20 patients. b) Methyltestosterone, 10 mg t.i.d. orally for four days in the other 2 subjects. In almost every case, androgen administration resulted in raising the levels of fasting GH and enhancement of the GH responses to IIH and AI was observed. Patients manifesting subnormal GH responses to these stimuli before androgen consistently demonstrated a normal response when challenged with identical stimuli during androgen administration. Growth velocities during the year following these studies were significantly increased in most instances and the growth spurts correlated well with the progression of sexual maturation. Sustained improvement in the GH responses to IIH and AI were uniformly observed in 3 patients when repetitive studies were performed 8 to 12 months later during spontaneous advancing sexual development. The results indicate that brief androgen administration can be helpful in delineating the cause of growth retardation in boys with short stature and delayed sexual maturation, particularly when the diagnosis of isolated growth hormone deficiency is suspected. They also offer prognostic value in determining growth potential in this same group of young males. FAU - Martin, L G
Relationship between high plasma leptin concentrations and metabolic syndrome in obese pre-pubertal children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the relationship between serum leptin levels and metabolic syndrome, fasting insulin level and anthropometric index in obese pre-pubertal children. DESIGN: A cross-sectional study was carried out on obese children. SUBJECTS: A study was made of 41 obese children (aged 6-9 y) and the same number of non-obese children (control group), matched by age and sex. METHODS: Body mass index (BMI), waist/hip ratio (WHR) and blood pressure were determined in each child. Serum leptin, glucose, insulin, lipid profile, sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG), plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1), tissue-plasminogen activator (t-PA) and fibrinogen were all measured. RESULTS: The serum leptin level was significantly higher in obese children (15.47 vs 4.73 ng/ml). In the obese group, leptin showed a positive correlation with BMI (P<0.001), insulin (P<0.001), triglycerides (P<0.05), PAI-1 (P<0.05) and t-PA (P<0.05), and correlated negatively with SHBG (P<0.01), apolipoprotein A-I (P<0.05) and high-density lipoproteins cholesterol (HDL-C) (P<0.05). Corrected for BMI and WHR, leptin (P partial=0.002) is only an independent predictive factor for basal insulin. Using multivariant regression analysis, only insulin (P partial=0.003) and BMI (P partial=0.018) were independent predictive factors for leptin. CONCLUSION: For this age group, high leptin resistance may be another component of metabolic syndrome, and may be involved in its etiopathogenesis. The involvement of leptin in this syndrome may be indirect, modulating the insulin's action. FAU - Valle, M
Relationship between blood pressure and urinary albumin excretion rate in young Danish type 1 diabetic patients: comparison to non-diabetic children. Danish Study Group of Diabetes in Childhood.$$$ In 1989 a nation-wide investigation of blood pressure and urinary albumin excretion rate (AER) was carried out in 506 boys and 441 girls with Type 1 diabetes (approximately 80% of total) treated at 22 paediatric departments. In addition a reference population from 1979 consisting of 663 healthy non-diabetic children (334 boys, 329 girls) served as a control group with respect to blood pressure and body mass index. Microalbuminuria was defined as AER of 20-150 micrograms min-1 in at least two out of three timed overnight urine collections and was diagnosed in 30 adolescents (16 boys, 14 girls). Five patients (3 boys, 2 girls) had overt proteinuria (AER: > 150 micrograms min-1). Age-related percentile charts based on one blood pressure reading were provided for normoalbuminuric diabetic patients and the healthy control group. The study revealed an increase in arterial blood pressure during the period of the pubertal growth spurt for the diabetic and non-diabetic group. The changes were most pronounced for systolic blood pressure. No statistically significant difference was observed in systolic and diastolic blood pressure between normoalbuminuric diabetic children and healthy control children. However, diabetic females aged 15-18 years had significantly higher diastolic blood pressure (75 +/- 1 mmHg, n = 139, mean +/- SE) than healthy control females (72 +/- 1 mmHg, n = 155, p < 0.01), and significantly (p < 0.001) higher body mass index (diabetic females: 22.3 +/- 0.2 kg m-2 vs healthy females: 20.9 +/- 0.2 kg m-2, mean +/- SE.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS) FAU - Mortensen, H B
MRI and ultrasound for hepatic fat quantification:relationships to clinical and metabolic characteristics of pediatric nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aims of this study were to evaluate hepatic steatosis severity in a series of obese children through both magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and ultrasound, and to correlate imaging findings to clinical and metabolic characteristics of the study population. METHODS: Fifty obese children presenting hepatomegaly and/or elevated aminotransferases were candidates for assessment of hepatic fat fraction (HFF) by MRI. All subjects underwent dual energy X-ray absorptiometry scan measurement, and liver ultrasound scanning. Fasting blood samples were taken for the estimation of serum concentrations of glucose, insulin, leptin, aminotransferases and serum lipid profile. RESULTS: A diagnosis of fatty liver was established by MRI in 20 (40%) children; of these, 12 had HFF of 9-18%, while the remaining ones had HFF of 19% or higher. HFF was not correlated to age, SDS-BMI, pubertal status and fat mass. HFF was positively associated with serum concentrations of alanine aminotransferase (ALT; r=0.62; p<0.0001) and AST (r=0.39; p=0.006), as well as with insulin (r=0.44; p=0.001) and insulin resistance (r=0.49; p<0.0001). Overall, ultrasound correlated well with MRI (p<0.0001). However, HFF ranged greatly in subjects with moderate (2-37%) as well as with severe (11-25%) degree of ultrasound hepatic steatosis. In fact, the mean hepatic fat fraction in children with severe steatosis was not statistically different from that found in patients with moderate steatosis (p=0.98). In multiple regression analysis, the most powerful predictors of elevated ALT, after correction for age, gender, BMI and pubertal status, were insulin resistance (p<0.01) and MRI HFF (p<0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: Unlike sonography, an operator-dependent procedure, MRI is not subject to interpretation or inter-observer variation, and may be more useful than ultrasound for the monitoring of young patients with hepatic steatosis. FAU - Pacifico, Lucia
Survival and disease complications in thalassemia major.$$$ We studied survival and disease complications in 1,146 patients with thalassemia major, born from January 1, 1960 to December 31, 1987. At last follow-up, in March 1997, probability of survival to age 20 years was 89% and to age 25 years was 82% for patients born in the years 1970-1974. Patients who died had a serum ferritin level, measured the year before death, significantly higher than those who survived. Diabetes was present in 5.4% of the patients; heart failure in 6.4%; arrhythmias in 5.0%, thrombosis in 1.1%, hypothyroidism in 11.6%, HIV infection in 1.8%. Hypogonadism was diagnosed in 55% of 578 patients who had reached pubertal age: 83.5% of hypogonadic females and 78.6% of males were receiving substitutive hormonal therapy. In conclusion, the survival of patients with thalassemia major is good and improving, but the prevalence of severe complications is still high. FAU - Borgna-Pignatti, C
Risk factors of endometrial cancer in Palermo.$$$ A case-control study on 150 cases and 300 non-neoplastic controls admitted to the Obstetric and Gynaecologic Clinic B of the University of Palermo from 1977 to 1986 was carried out in order to assess the risk factors of corpus uteri cancer in Palermo area. Age at menarche less than 11, menopausal status, nulliparity, diabetes and obesity were found significantly associated with the risk of cancer; family history of neoplastic disease was slightly under statistical significance. It can be concluded that the same etiologic factors of endometrial cancer, as in other areas, may be operating in Palermo women. FAU - Geraci, P
Physical health problems in adults with Prader-Willi syndrome.$$$ Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) is a genetic disorder which is characterized by severe hypotonia and feeding problems in early infancy. In later childhood and adolescence, this is followed by hyperphagia and extreme obesity if the diet is not strictly controlled. Data on physical health problems in adults with PWS are scarce. We report on the prevalence of physical health problems in a Dutch cohort of adults with PWS in relation to age, BMI, and genetic subtype. Participants (n = 102) were retrieved via the Dutch Prader-Willi Parent Association and through physicians specializing in persons with intellectual disabilities (ID). Details regarding physical health problem spanning the participants' lifespan were collected from caretakers through semi-structured interviews. Cardiovascular problems included diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and cerebrovascular accidents. Respiratory infections were frequent in adulthood. In males, cryptorchidism was almost universal, for which 28/48 males had a history of surgery, mostly orchidopexy. None of the women had a regular menstrual cycle. Sixteen individuals had a diagnosis of osteoporosis. Spinal deformation, hip dysplasia, and foot abnormalities were common. Skinpicking, leg edema, and erysipelas were frequent dermatological problems. The findings in our group support the notion that the prevalence of physical health problems is underestimated. This underscores the importance of developing monitoring programs which would help to recognize physical health problems at an early stage.
Association between physical activity and cardiovascular risk in Chinese youth independent of age and pubertal stage.$$$ BACKGROUND: Childhood and adolescence are critical periods of habit formation with substantial tracking of lifestyle and cardiovascular risk into adulthood. There are various guidelines on recommended levels of physical activity in youth of school-age. Despite the epidemic of obesity and diabetes in China, there is a paucity of data in this regard in Chinese youth. We examined the association of self-reported level of physical activity and cardiovascular risk in Hong Kong Chinese youth of school-age. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study conducted in 2007-8 in a school setting with 2119 Hong Kong Chinese youth aged 6-20 years. Physical activity level was assessed using a validated questionnaire, CUHK-PARCY (The Chinese University of Hong Kong: Physical Activity Rating for Children and Youth). A summary risk score comprising of waist circumference, blood pressure, fasting plasma glucose and lipids was constructed to quantify cardiovascular risk. RESULTS: In this cohort, 21.5% reported high level of physical activity with boys being more active than girls (32.1% versus 14.1%, p < 0.001). Regression analysis showed physical activity level, sex and pubertal stage were independently associated with cardiovascular risk score. CONCLUSION: Self-reported level of physical activity is associated with cardiovascular risk factors in Chinese youth after adjusting for sex and pubertal stage. FAU - Kong, Alice P S
Long-term mortality in nationwide cohorts of childhood-onset type 1 diabetes in Japan and Finland.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study compares mortality from type 1 diabetes in Japan and Finland and examines the effects of sex, age at diagnosis, and calendar time period of diagnosis on mortality. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Patients with type 1 diabetes from Japan (n = 1,408) and Finland (n = 5,126), diagnosed from 1965 through 1979, at age <18 years, were followed until 1994. Mortality was estimated with and without adjustment for that of the general population to assess absolute and relative mortality using Cox proportional hazard models. RESULTS: Overall mortality rates in Japan and Finland were 607 (95% CI 510-718) and 352 (315-393), respectively, per 100,000 person-years; standardized mortality ratios were 12.9 (10.8-15.3) and 3.7 (3.3-4.1), respectively. Absolute mortality was higher for men than for women in Finland, but relative mortality was higher for women than for men in both cohorts. Absolute mortality was higher in both cohorts among those whose diabetes was diagnosed during puberty, but relative mortality did not show any significant difference by age at diagnosis in either cohort. In Japan, both absolute and relative mortality were higher among those whose diagnosis was in the 1960s rather than the 1970s. CONCLUSIONS: Mortality from type 1 diabetes was higher in Japan compared with Finland. The increased risk of death from type 1 diabetes seems to vary by sex, age at diagnosis, and calendar time period of diagnosis. Further investigation, especially on cause-specific mortality, is warranted in the two countries. FAU - Asao, Keiko
Elevated anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH) and inhibin B levels in prepubertal girls with type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Elevated anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH) and adrenal androgen levels have been observed during childhood in girls at risk of developing polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS). The aim of this study was to evaluate ovarian function and adrenal steroid levels in prepubertal girls with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1D). DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. PATIENTS/MEASUREMENTS: We evaluated hormonal and ultrasonographic characteristics in girls with T1D (N = 73) and compared them to characteristics found in a control group of healthy girls (N = 86). Data are reported as geometric means (95% CI). RESULTS: Prepubertal girls with T1D had higher levels of AMH (29·1 pmol/l (23·2-36·3) vs 20·9 pmol/l (16·6-26·1), P = 0·038), inhibin B (arithmetic mean: 16·7 pg/ml (11·6-21·7) vs 11·7 pg/ml (10·0-13·5), P = 0·044) and dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate (DHEAS) (0·3 nmol/l (0·2-0·6) vs 0·2 nmol/l (0·1-0·3)) than controls (P = 0·045). During puberty, decreasing AMH levels were observed in girls with T1D only (P < 0·0001). Girls with T1D in Tanner stages 4-5 had lower AMH levels than their paired healthy controls (10·1 pmol/l (7·4-13·9) vs 15·7 pmol/l (11·6-21·3), respectively, P = 0·047). CONCLUSIONS: Our observations indicate that prepubertal girls with T1D may exhibit similar endocrine findings to those of other girls at risk of developing PCOS. The elevated levels of AMH and inhibin B suggest that higher numbers of follicles are present in the ovary during childhood in these patients and that insulin treatment may act as a local growth factor. In addition, AMH levels differed in prepubertal and pubertal girls, suggesting that the effect of T1D on ovarian folliculogenesis changes once gonadotrophin levels rise during puberty.
A longitudinal study of the relationship of plasma somatomedin-C concentration to the pubertal growth spurt.$$$ Cross-sectional studies from our institutions (Wyler Children's Hospital, Chicago, and Children's Hospital of Philadelphia) and others have shown that plasma somatomedin-C (Sm-C) concentrations rise during puberty. To determine the relationship between rising plasma Sm-C levels and the growth spurt at puberty, we undertook a longitudinal study of 11- to 18-year-old children. Twelve male and eight female subjects were followed up on a yearly basis for two to seven years (mean, 4.4 years). Height velocity, plasma Sm-C concentrations, and stage of sexual development were determined during each visit. All patients progressed normally in puberty during the study. The plasma Sm-C level rose during early puberty in each child and reached a maximal level of at least 2 U/mL In midpuberty, approximately one year after the attainment of peak height velocity. Maximal plasma concentrations of Sm-C were similar in male (3.5 +/- 0.71, mean +/- SEM) and female (3.5 +/- 1.46) subjects. Plasma Sm-C levels subsequently decreased slowly but remained above normal adult values for as long as four years after peak height velocity was reached. Plasma Sm-C concentrations increased steadily with increasing height velocity until peak height velocity was attained with a mean rise of approximately 0.5 U for each centimeter per year increase in height velocity. Since Sm-C levels remained elevated while height velocity decreased, there was no significant correlation between Sm-C levels and height velocity throughout puberty. These results suggest that caution is required in interpreting Sm-C concentrations during puberty; while normal pubertal levels may be in the acromegalic range for adults, a plasma Sm-C level of less than 1 U/mL in early puberty or less than 1.5 U/mL during middle to late puberty must be considered subnormal. FAU - Cara, J F
Serum IGF-I and IGFBP-3 concentrations do not accurately predict growth hormone deficiency in children with brain tumours.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The growth hormone (GH)-dependent growth factors insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and IGF-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) may be superior to provocative GH testing in diagnosing GH deficiency (GHD) in children. In adults with brain tumours (BT) and GHD, however, provocative GH testing more accurately reflects GHD than either IGF-I or IGFBP-3. We assessed growth factor levels in children with GHD due to BT with respect to brain tumour type, pubertal stage, growth velocity, bone age delay, and body mass index (BMI). DESIGN: Retrospective case review of all patients followed at our centre with GHD following treatment of BT. PATIENTS: 72 children (51 M, 21 F) with BT diagnosed with GHD by clinical and auxological criteria, including provocative GH testing, in whom pre-GH treatment IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels were obtained. MEASUREMENTS: Auxological data, including height, weight, growth velocity, and pubertal stage; and biochemical data, including GH response to provocative GH testing and pre-GH treatment serum IGF-I and IGFBP-3 concentrations. RESULTS: IGF-I levels were normal (above -2 SD) in 19 of 70 children (27%), and IGFBP-3 levels were normal in 21 of 42 (50%). In children with GHD, pubertal stage correlated significantly with both IGF-I (r = 0.328, p < 0.006) and IGFBP-3 (r = 0.364, P < 0.02). Normal IGF-1 levels were found in 1/15 children with craniopharyngioma (Cranio) (7%), 10/30 with primitive neuroectodermal tumours (PNET) (33%), and 5/12 children with hypothalamic/chiasmatic glioma (HCG) (42%) (P < 0. 05). IGFBP-3 levels were normal in 4/13 Cranio patients (31%), 8/15 PNET patients (53%), and 6/8 HCG patients (75%) (P = ns). Tanner staging varied significantly among tumour types: mode = 1 for Cranio and PNET vs. mode = 3 for HCG (P < 0.03). BMI did not differ between patients with low vs. normal growth factor levels. CONCLUSIONS: Low IGF-I levels were more predictive of growth hormone deficiency than low IGFBP-3 levels in our brain tumour patients, but both were poor predictors of growth hormone deficiency in children with hypothalamic-chiasmatic glioma and in pubertal children. Serum IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels, therefore, do not always reflect growth hormone deficiency in children with brain tumours, particularly in those with hypothalamic-chiasmatic glioma or those already in puberty. FAU - Weinzimer, S A
Heterogeneity in risk factors for ductal and lobular breast carcinomas: A case-control study.$$$ Invasive ductal carcinoma (IDC) and invasive lobular carcinoma (ILC) of the breast are the most common histological subtypes of breast cancer. However, the associations and heterogeneity between histological subtypes and their risk factors are not well established. This study aimed to investigate risk factors for IDC and ILC. This case-control study included 1,009 incident breast cancer cases and 1,009 hospital controls, frequency-matched by age. Data were obtained from the patients' medical files and an interview administered via a questionnaire. Multinomial logistic regression was used and odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated. The heterogeneity of the associations was assessed using the Wald test. Family history of breast cancer was associated with IDC (OR 2.64, 95% CI: 1.97-3.55) but not ILC (OR 0.81, 95% CI: 0.42-1.57; p for heterogeneity <0.001). Conversely, a history of miscarriage was associated with ILC (OR 1.71, 95% CI: 1.17-2.51) but not IDC (OR 1.18, 95% CI: 0.95-1.46; p for heterogeneity = 0.04). Similarly, type 2 diabetes was associated with ILC but not IDC (p for heterogeneity = 0.02). Age at first delivery and breastfeeding were significantly associated with IDC but not ILC, though p values for heterogeneity did not reach the significance level. Deliberate weight loss and age at menarche were significantly associated with ILC but not IDC (p for heterogeneity ≥0.27). Smoking, history of benign breast disease and BMI were associated with both subtypes. The present study supports the hypothesis that IDC and ILC are etiologically distinct tumours.
[Growth and endocrine function in major thalassemia].$$$ BACKGROUND: The risk of secondary endocrine dysfunction in patients with thalassemia major remains high, despite improvements in the care of hematologic problems. POPULATION AND METHODS: 31 patients (15 males, 16 females) with thalassemia major were studied. 28 of them had been regularly given blood transfusions since the age of 3.7 +/- 3.6 years. Iron chelation therapy had started before the age of 10 years in 9 patients, after this age in 15 patients; it was not performed or the time not specified in the 7 others. The mean dosage of deferoxamine was 20 +/- 6 mg/kg/day (9.6-34 mg/kg/day). Endocrine functions were evaluated at a mean age of 11.8 +/- 4.9 years and were monitored for 6.1 +/- 4.6 years (0 to 19 years). The hormones assay were: growth hormone (GH), thyroid, adrenal cortex, parathyroid and gonadal functions. RESULTS: The GH peak after stimulation was normal, but plasma somatomedin CIGFI was low and did not increase at puberty. 6 patients had peripheral hypothyroidism. Plasma cortisol was normal in the 16 patients examined, but plasma dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate was low in 24; this might be partly responsible for the delayed development of pubic hair. 2 patients aged 20 and 27 years was suffered from diabetes mellitus. Hypoparathyroidism occurred in 7 patients and 12 of the 24 patients with impuberism had a gonadotropin deficiency. The mean final height was -1.3 +/- 1.0 SD in boys (n = 7, mean age: 20 +/- 1 yr) and -1.3 +/- 0.9 SD in girls (n = 7; mean age: 19 +/- 1 yr), whether puberty was spontaneous or induced. CONCLUSIONS: The most frequent endocrine complications in these patients are delayed puberty because of gonadotropin deficiency, hypoparathyroidism and peripheral hypothyroidism. Substitution therapy, using sex steroids at an appropriate age, can induce the pubertal growth spurt. FAU - Pérignon, F
Neck circumference as a novel parameter to determine metabolic risk factors in obese children.$$$ BACKGROUND: To establish the association between neck circumference and cardiometabolic risk factors and to determine the utility of the neck circumference as a parameter in predicting children at cardiometabolic risk. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Five - hundred and eighty-one children (461: overweight/obese, 120: normal body mass index) aged between 5 and 18 years were enrolled. Neck circumference, waist circumference, blood pressure and fasting plasma glucose, insulin, total cholesterol, triglyceride and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol were recorded, and the homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance score was calculated. RESULTS: Neck circumference was negatively correlated with HDL cholesterol and positively correlated with all other parameters, with the exception of fasting plasma glucose in pubertal boys and girls and total cholesterol in pubertal girls. Linear regression analysis by designating neck circumference as a dependent variable revealed that insulin and TG levels in prepubertal boys and blood pressure and TG levels in pubertal boys were positively correlated with neck circumference. We found that diastolic blood pressure and insulin were positively correlated, while HDL levels were negatively correlated with neck circumference in prepubertal girls. Systolic blood pressure and insulin were positively correlated with neck circumference in pubertal girls. The cut-off value for neck circumference, as an indicator for metabolic syndrome (MS), was calculated as 36 cm in boys and 35 cm in girls. CONCLUSIONS: Neck circumference measurement was shown to be associated with cardiometabolic risk factors in children. We suggest the use of neck circumference as a novel, simple, practical and reliable anthropometric index in predicting children at risk for cardiometabolic diseases.
Distribution and correlates of serum high-density lipoprotein subclasses (LpA-I and LpA-I:A-II) in children from a biracial community. The Bogalusa Heart Study.$$$ High-density lipoprotein (HDL) subclasses are considered to differ in terms of antiatherogenic potential. Therefore, the distribution and correlates of serum lipoprotein A-I (LpA-I) and LpA-I:A-II were examined in a random community-based subsample of black (n = 1,021) and white (n = 1,087) children aged 5 to 17 years. Black children had significantly higher LpA-I levels than white children. With respect to LpA-I:A-II, prepubertal (age 5 to 10 years) black males and pubertal (age 11 to 17 years) white children showed significantly higher values than their counterparts. With the exception of the LpA-I:A-II difference among prepubertal males, the observed black-white difference was independent of the racial differential in serum triglycerides, a metabolic correlate of HDL. A significant sex differential (males > females) was noted among blacks and whites for both HDL subclasses, with the exception of LpA-I levels at the pubertal age. Among the pubertal age group, a male-female crossover trend (females > males) in LpA-I levels was apparent after age 14. Sexual maturation and age were the major factors (negative) contributing to the variability in the levels of HDL subclasses among race-sex groups; adiposity (negative), insulin (negative), alcohol intake (positive), and oral contraceptive use (positive) emerged as minor but significant predictor variables. In terms of a relation to other lipoprotein variables, LpA-I compared with LpA-I:A-II correlated much more strongly with HDL cholesterol. Unlike LpA-I, LpA-I:A-II was associated significantly (positively) with low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol. These findings are indicative of intrinsic metabolic differences among the race-sex groups early in life, resulting in variability in the HDL subclass pattern and attendant antiatherogenic potential. FAU - Srinivasan, S R
Long term clinical management of girls with Turner syndrome at a center of pediatric endocrinology.$$$ AIM: To evaluate clinical management of patients with Turner syndrome in one center over a long period. METHODS: Retrospective analysis of 89 patients cared for between 1974 and 2004. Assessment of age and height at diagnosis, indications for karyotyping, induction of puberty and final height attainment. RESULTS: Average age at diagnosis was 8.21 years, with a significant decline over the observation period. Mean height SDS at diagnosis was -2.86. Main reasons for karyotyping were edema in youngest ages and growth retardation in ages older than 6 years. Puberty induction was started at a mean age of 13.93 years, with a significant decline over the observation period. Mean duration until menarche was 2.51 years. An appropriate clinical response with changes in Tanner stages was observed. Mean final height after GH therapy was 151.81 cm, height SDS for TS was increased by +1.82. CONCLUSIONS: In recent study years, Turner Syndrome is being diagnosed at younger ages and at heights closer to normal heights. The clinical spectrum warrants karyotyping at an early age. In spite of late diagnoses, puberty induction was started within a physiological age in recent years and was, just as GH therapy, successful to mimic physiological progress in most instances.
Relationships between birthweight and biomarkers of chronic disease in childhood: Aboriginal Birth Cohort Study 1987-2001.$$$ Reports of relationships between lower birthweight and later chronic diseases are mainly from populations with low rates of low birthweight (LBW) and growth-restricted births. A prospective study of an Australian Aboriginal birth cohort with a mean birthweight of 3050 g (SD 630), 16% LBW and 28% fetal growth restriction was used to examine the relationships between birthweight and selected biomarkers of chronic adult disease. At a mean age of 11.4 years (range 8.9-14), the mean weight was 35.7 kg (SD 11.8) and the mean height was 143.8 cm (SD 10.6). Using the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) 2000 growth references, weight and height-for-age z-scores were -0.8 (SD 1.4) and -0.5 (SD 1.07) respectively and using World Health Organisation criteria, 19% of children were classified as underweight (weight for age Z-score <2.0). The relationships between birthweight and blood pressure (n = 475), total cholesterol (n = 461), Apolipoprotein A-1 (n = 343), Apolipoprotein B (n = 390), respiratory function tests (n = 427), kidney size determined by ultrasound (n = 446), urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (n = 420) and fasting triglycerides (n = 281), insulin (n = 272) and glucose (n = 279) were examined using regression models adjusted for sex, gestational age, current age and puberty status. In this population with high rates of fetal growth restriction at birth and an excess of under-nutrition at age 11 years we found that birthweight had a negative relationship with child blood pressure only, while current child weight was positively related to blood pressure, total cholesterol, Apolipoprotein B, respiratory function tests, kidney size, and fasting triglycerides, insulin and glucose. FAU - Sayers, Susan
Multidisciplinary care of obese children and adolescents for one year reduces ectopic fat content in liver and skeletal muscle.$$$ BACKGROUND: Ectopic fat deposition in liver and skeletal muscle tissue is related to cardiovascular disease risk and is a common metabolic complication in obese children. We evaluated the hypotheses of ectopic fat in these organs could be diminished following 1 year of multidisciplinary care specialized in childhood obesity, and whether this reduction would associate with changes in other markers of metabolic function. METHODS: This observational longitudinal study evaluated 40 overweight children and adolescents enrolled in a multidisciplinary treatment protocol at the Children's Obesity Clinic, Holbæk, Denmark. The participants were assessed by anthropometry, fasting blood samples (HbA1c, glucose, insulin, lipids, and biochemical variables of liver function), and liver and muscle fat content assessed by magnetic resonance spectroscopy at enrollment and following an average of 12.2 months of care. Univariate linear regression models adjusted for age, sex, treatment duration, baseline degree of obesity, and pubertal developmental stage were used for investigating possible associations. RESULTS: The standard deviation score (SDS) of baseline median body mass index (BMI) was 2.80 (range: 1.49-3.85) and the median age was 14 years (10-17). At the end of the observational period, the 40 children and adolescents (21 girls) significantly decreased their BMI SDS, liver fat, muscle fat, and visceral adipose tissue volume. The prevalence of hepatic steatosis changed from 28 to 20 % (p = 0.26) and the prevalence of muscular steatosis decreased from 75 to 45 % (p = 0.007). Changes in liver and muscle fat were independent of changes in BMI SDS, baseline degree of obesity, duration of treatment, age, sex, and pubertal developmental stage. CONCLUSIONS: A 1-year multidisciplinary intervention program in the setting of a childhood obesity outpatient clinic confers a biologically important reduction in liver and muscle fat; metabolic improvements that are independent of the magnitude of concurrent weight loss. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov registration number: NCT00928473 , the Danish Childhood Obesity Biobank. Registered June 25, 2009. FAU - Fonvig, Cilius Esmann
Resistin concentrations before and after weight loss in obese children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The influences of gender, puberty, and obesity on resistin levels and the longitudinal relationships between insulin resistance, weight loss, and resistin have not yet been studied in childhood. METHODS: Age, pubertal stage, gender, weight status (standard deviation score-body mass index (SDS-BMI)), resistin levels, and insulin resistance index calculated by homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) were evaluated in 63 obese children and compared to 36 lean children of same age, gender, and pubertal stage. Furthermore, we analyzed the changes of weight status (SDS-BMI, percentage body fat based on skinfold measurements), waist-to-hip ratio, resistin, and HOMA over a 1-year period in 38 obese children. RESULTS: The resistin levels did not significantly (P = 0.079) differ between obese (median resistin 8.7 ng/ml) and lean children (median resistin 9.7 ng/ml). Resistin concentrations were independent of age and pubertal stage, but girls demonstrated significantly higher resistin levels than boys (P = 0.021). There were no significant correlations between changes of resistin and changes of SDS-BMI (r = 0.14, P = 0.198), changes of percentage body fat (r = -0.01, P = 0.466), changes of waist-to-hip ratio (r = 0.17, P = 0.141), and changes of insulin resistance index (r = 0.01, P = 0.472) over the 1-year period. The weight loss of > or = 0.5 SDS-BMI in 16 children was associated with a significant decrease in HOMA (P = 0.030), while there was no significant change in resistin levels (P = 0.878). CONCLUSIONS: Girls demonstrated higher resistin concentrations than boys. Our data do not support a relationship between resistin, insulin resistance index, and weight status in childhood. FAU - Reinehr, T
Insulin resistance is improved in overweight African American boys but not in girls following a one-year multidisciplinary community intervention program.$$$ AIM: To assess potential for effectiveness, in a non-randomized pilot study, of a community-based lifestyle intervention program to reduce the risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus in overweight African American (AA) children. RESEARCH DESIGN: Sample of 165 9-11 year-old AA children with body mass index (BMI) >85th percentile were recruited from local recreational sites, schools and churches. Participants self-selected to attend one of two study sites, blinded to the specifics of the intervention administered at each site. The intervention group received a programmatically focused 2-week summer camp with once-a-week community-based exercise, nutrition, and behavioral modification sessions, and their families were invited to monthly nutrition educational sessions. Control group participants received a 2-week conventional YMCA summer camp and their families received nutrition and physical activity education material through the mail. Baseline assessment and 1-year follow-up were conducted in collaboration with the YMCA of the East Bay and Children's Hospital Oakland, CA, with 109 participants (66%) having pre/post data. RESULTS: After one-year of intervention, treatment boys showed a drop in homeostasis model assessment of insulin-resistance (HOMA-IR) (-0.58 vs +0.17; p = 0.003), fasting glucose (Gf, mg/dL) (mean change: -2.9 vs +0.4; p = 0.126) and fasting insulin (If, microU/mL) (-2.2 vs +0.7; p = 0.009) compared to control boys, after accounting for baseline differences and pubertal stage of the child. Treatment girls had similar changes to the control girls in HOMA-IR (-0.02 vs -0.17; p = 0.66), Gr (-0.3 vs +1.4; p = 0.29) and If (+0.03 vs +0.17; p = 0.57). CONCLUSION: After one year, this community-based intervention program effectively improved insulin resistance and thus reduced risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus in overweight AA boys but did not change the risk in girls compared to control children. FAU - Raman, Aarthi
The Influence of 2-Year Changes in Physical Activity, Maturation, and Nutrition on Adiposity in Adolescent Youth.$$$ The aim of this longitudinal study was to explore temporal patterns of physical activity (PA) and adiposity in Spanish adolescents. Eighty healthy adolescents were followed over a 2-year period (42 girls and 38 boys). A PA score was estimated using the Physical Activity Questionnaire for Adolescents (PAQ-A). Adiposity was assessed by anthropometric measurements; body mass index (BMI) and fat mass percent (FMP) were calculated using standard equations. Sexual maturity was estimated by percentage of predicted adult stature. Dietary intake was assessed by a self-administered food-frequency questionnaire. Three assessments were performed: September 2011 (S1), 2012 (S2), and 2013 (S3). A repeated-measures ANOVA was conducted to examine temporal changes in PA and FMP and sex change in maturation categories (two factor mixed-design, 2x2x3). A stepwise linear regression was conducted in order to estimate the predictors of FMP change. Significant changes for FMP were found between S1, S2, and S3 (23.41±8.24 vs. 21.89±7.82 vs. 22.05±8.06, p<0.05; respectively); a significant interaction of FMP with sex was observed (F = 4.387, p<0.05 for S2-S3), but not for maturation. PA at S2 was significantly higher than S3 (2.58±0.72 vs. 2.29±0.73, p<0.001). An interaction between PA change and sex was statically significant (F = 4.889, p<0.05 for S2-S3). A reduction in PA was observed after the S2 period without changes in adiposity. In contrast, a significant reduction in FMP was seen between S1 and S2, while PA did not significantly change. There were no significant differences for nutritional variables between S1 and S3, and nutrition was not a determinant of the changes in PA or FMP. Our results suggest that body composition changes observed during adolescence are not driven by changes in PA. Moreover, the interaction analysis suggests that PA behavior is affected by sex, but is not modified by maturation. FAU - Benítez-Porres, Javier
One-year treatment with gonadotropin-releasing hormone analogues does not affect body mass index, insulin sensitivity or lipid profile in girls with central precocious puberty.$$$ Background Puberty is associated with a physiological decline in insulin sensitivity (IS). Overweight (OW) and obesity (OB) are common among girls with central precocious puberty (CPP). CPP is considered a risk factor for metabolic diseases. The aim of this study was to assess surrogate measures of IS, body mass index (BMI) and other metabolic parameters in CPP girls at diagnosis and during treatment with gonadotropin-releasing hormone analogues (GnRHa). Methods We present a prospective longitudinal study of CPP girls. The standard oral glucose tolerance test, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), whole-body IS index (ISI) and fasting lipid profiles were evaluated at diagnosis, and at 6 and 12 months of treatment. Results Nineteen CPP girls were included; 17 were evaluable. At baseline, seven patients had normal weight (NW), five were OW and five were OB. During GnRHa treatment no significant changes were observed in BMI, HOMA-IR or ISI when considering the whole group. Whereas, when we analyzed patients according to BMI status, in NW patients, BMI increased significantly with no changes in HOMA-IR or ISI along treatment. In the OW/OB group, no significant differences were observed in BMI, HOMA-IR or ISI. Conclusions Girls with CPP showed a high frequency of OW/OB and a high prevalence of IR. GnRHa did not affect BMI, IS or the lipid profile when considering the whole cohort of patients. However, there was an increase in BMI in NW girls but not in OW/OB patients. FAU - Arcari, Andrea J
Role of androgens in energy metabolism affecting on body composition, metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and longevity: lessons from a meta-analysis and rodent studies.$$$ Testosterone is a sex hormone produced by testicular Leydig cells in males. Blood testosterone concentrations increase at three time-periods in male life-fetal, neonatal (which can be separated into newborn and infant periods), and pubertal stages. After peaking in the early 20s, the blood bioactive testosterone level declines by 1-2% each year. It is increasingly apparent that a low testosterone level impairs general physical and mental health in men. Here, this review summarizes recent systematic reviews and meta-analyses of epidemiological studies in males (including cross-sectional, longitudinal, and androgen deprivation studies, and randomized controlled testosterone replacement trials) in relation to testosterone and obesity,  body composition, metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and longevity. Furthermore, underlying mechanisms are discussed using data from rodent studies involving castration or androgen receptor knockout. This review provides an update understanding of the role of testosterone in energy metabolism. Abbreviations AR: androgen receptor; CV: cardiovascular; FDA: US Food and Drug Administration; HFD: high-fat diet; KO: knockout; MetS: metabolic syndrome; RCT: randomized controlled trial; SHBG: sex hormone binding globulin; SRMA: systematic review and meta-analysis; TRT: testosterone replacement therapy; T2DM:type 2 diabetes mellitus. FAU - Harada, Naoki
Diagnostic criteria for polycystic ovary syndrome and ovarian morphology in women with type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ CONTEXT: The criteria for diagnosis of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) have been modified and now include polycystic ovary morphology (PCOM). OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to determine the frequency of PCOS and PCOM in women with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM1). DESIGN: We evaluated the clinical, hormonal, and ultrasonographic characteristics in women with DM1 and compared them with a carefully matched group of normal women in a cross-sectional study. SETTING: The study was conducted at an academic research institute located within a general hospital. PATIENTS: All the women with DM1 attending our hospital who had experienced menarche at least 2.5 yr earlier were invited to participate and were compared with healthy women with regular menses and without a history of hyperandrogenism [controls (C)]. RESULTS: Hirsutism was present in 28.6 and 0.0% of DM1 and C, respectively (P < 0.001). Biochemical hyperandrogenism was present in 23.8 and 7.9% of DM1 and C, respectively. DM1 women had higher levels of testosterone and androstenedione and larger ovarian volume and follicle number by ovary than C. PCOM was present in 54.8% of DM1 and 13.2% of C (P < 0.001). Oligomenorrhea was present in 19% of women with DM1. The frequency of PCOS was 40.5 and 2.6% in DM1 and C, respectively (relative risk, 15.4; 95% confidence interval, 2.2-110.2; P < 0.0001). The proportion of women using intensive insulin treatment was higher in those with PCOM/PCOS (P < 0.05). Intensive treatment was a significant factor over having PCOM/PCOS (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: A high frequency of hyperandrogenism, PCOM, and PCOS is observed in DM1, which appears to be associated with intensive insulin treatment. FAU - Codner, Ethel
LRP5 in premature adrenarche and in metabolic characteristics of prepubertal children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Premature adrenarche (PA) is associated with unfavourable metabolic characteristics. We hypothesized that genetic variation in low density lipoprotein (LDL) receptor-related protein 5 (LRP5), which is involved in Wnt signalling in the adrenal cortex and in cholesterol metabolism, plays a role in the pathogenesis of PA. DESIGN AND PATIENTS: We performed a cross-sectional association study in 73 Finnish children with PA and 97 age- and gender-matched healthy controls. MEASUREMENTS: LRP5 genotypes were determined by direct sequencing. Single-marker associations with clinical-metabolic characteristics, including adrenocortical function, glucose tolerance and lipid profile, were examined with age and gender as covariates. RESULTS: Nineteen single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in LRP5 were found in the 170 children. No significant differences in the genotype distributions were observed between the PA and control groups. SNPs A1330V and N740N were associated with higher serum dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate (DHEAS) levels in the control subjects (A/A vs. A/a; mean 0.8 vs. 1.4 micromol/l, P = 0.01). They were also associated with higher plasma levels of total (4.2 vs. 4.7 mmol/l, P = 0.02) and LDL cholesterol (2.4 vs. 2.9 mmol/l, P = 0.02) in the control group, as was SNP V1119V (P = 0.04 and P = 0.03, respectively). SNPs F549F and V1119V were associated with higher systolic blood pressure (P = 0.04 and P = 0.02, respectively). There were no differences in the parameters of glucose metabolism between the genotype groups. CONCLUSIONS: Genetic variation in LRP5 did not predispose to PA but was associated with metabolic characteristics, especially lipid profile, in healthy prepubertal children. FAU - Lappalainen, Saila
Leptin and total cholesterol are predictors of weight gain in pre-pubertal children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to identify specifically which biochemical indices predict excessive weight gain over time in a cohort of pre-pubertal children. SUBJECTS: Fifty nine healthy pre-pubertal children (age: 6.3-9.8y). MEASUREMENTS: Children were defined anthropometrically and biochemically at baseline. Height and weight measurements were then repeated after six (n=52) and 12 months (n=37). RESULTS: Weight change after six months (defined by a change in body mass index (BMI) z-score from baseline) demonstrated no correlation with fasting plasma levels of leptin, insulin, insulin:glucose (IG) ratio, cholesterol, triglyceride or high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol. However, after 12 months there was a significant negative correlation between BMI z-score change and initial plasma leptin (r=-0.35, P=0.048) and this relationship strengthened when adjusted for body fat (from bio-electrical impedance; r=-0.46, P=0.009). In addition, there was a significant positive relationship between plasma total cholesterol and BMI z score change (r=0.38, P=0.03) and this relationship remained unchanged when adjusted for body fat. No relationship was observed between weight change after 12 months and plasma levels of insulin, IG ratio, HDL cholesterol or triglyceride. CONCLUSION: Plasma leptin and total cholesterol were found to be predictive of weight gain over 12 months in a cohort of pre-pubertal children. These two potential predictors can be readily measured in clinical practice and these findings may represent a method of defining the 'at risk of obesity' state in childhood. FAU - Byrnes, S E
Quantitative ultrasound bone measurements in pre-pubertal children with type 1 diabetes.$$$ This case-control study aimed to assess bone status in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Fifty-seven pre-pubertal patients (37 boys, aged 7.9 ± 2.5 years, T1DM duration 3.1 ± 1.6 years) and 171 age-matched healthy controls (111 boys) were studied. Quantitative ultrasound (QUS) was used to measure amplitude dependent speed of sound (Ad-SoS) at hand phalanges (expressed as standard deviation score [SDS]). Anthropometric and disease-related data (including mean HbA(1c) from whole T1DM duration [T], last year [Y], examination day [D]) were collected. Mean Ad-SoS SDS in patients -0.13 ± 1.32 (95% confidence interval [CI] -0.48, 0.22) was similar to that of controls. Subgroups discriminated according to HbA(1c) D, Y and T (cut-off 7.0%) did not differ regarding analyzed parameters. In patients, Ad-SoS SDS was comparable for both genders. Multivariable stepwise regression analysis showed significant negative influence of diabetes duration on Ad-SoS SDS. QUS findings in pre-pubertal children with T1DM do not differ from those in healthy children. Disease duration seems to affect negatively Ad-SoS SDS. However, independent prospective studies are needed to elucidate the true associations.
Testosterone treatment in adolescents with delayed puberty: changes in body composition, protein, fat, and glucose metabolism.$$$ Previously, we demonstrated decreased protein breakdown and insulin resistance in pubertal adolescents compared with prepubertal children. Puberty-related increases in sex steroids and/or GH could be potentially responsible. In the present study, the effects of 4 months of testosterone enanthate (50 mg in every 2 weeks) on body composition, protein, fat, and glucose metabolism and insulin sensitivity were evaluated in adolescents with delayed puberty. Body composition was assessed by H218O-dilution principle. Protein breakdown, oxidation, and synthesis were measured during primed constant infusion of [1-13C]leucine. Whole-body lipolysis was measured during primed constant infusion of [2H5]glycerol. Insulin action in suppressing proteolysis and lipolysis and stimulating glucose disposal was assessed during a stepwise hyperinsulinemic (10 and 40 mU-m2.min) euglycemic clamp. Fat and glucose oxidation rates were calculated from indirect calorimetry measurements. After 4 months of testosterone treatment, height, weight, and fat free mass (FFM) increased and fat mass, percent body fat, plasma cholesterol, high- and low-density lipoproteins, and leptin levels decreased significantly. Whole-body proteolysis and protein oxidation were lower after testosterone treatment (proteolysis, 0.49 +/- 0.03 vs 0.54 +/- 0.04 g.h.kg FFM, P = 0.032; oxidation, 0.05 +/- 0.01 vs. 0.09 +/- 0.01 g.h.kg FFM, P = 0.015). Protein synthesis was not different, and resting energy expenditure was not different. Total body lipolysis was not affected by testosterone treatment, however, fat oxidation was higher after testosterone (pre-: 2.4 +/- 0.7 vs. post-: 3.5 +/- 0.7 mumol.kg.min, P = 0.031). During the 40 mU.m2.min hyperinsulinemia, insulin sensitivity of glucose metabolism was not affected with testosterone therapy (59.1 +/- 8.8 vs. 57.1 +/- 8.2 mumol.kg.min per muU/mL). However, metabolic clearance rate of insulin was higher posttestosterone (13.6 +/- 1.1 vs. 16.7 +/- 0.8 mL.kg.min, P = 0.004). In conclusion, after 4 months of low-dose testosterone treatment in adolescents with delayed puberty 1) FFM increases and fat mass and leptin levels decrease; 2) postabsorptive proteolysis and protein oxidation decrease; 3) fat oxidation increases; and 4) insulin sensitivity in glucose metabolism does not change, whereas insulin clearance increases. These longitudinal observations are in agreement with our previous cross-sectional studies of puberty and demonstrate sparing of protein breakdown of approximately 1.2 g.kg.day FFM, wasting of fat mass, but no change in insulin sensitivity after short periods of low-dose testosterone supplementation. FAU - Arslanian, S
Blood pressure, serum lipids, fasting insulin, and adrenal hormones in 12-year-old children born with maternal preeclampsia.$$$ Women with prior preeclamptic pregnancies have an increased risk for metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular diseases. Maternal preeclampsia has been associated with elevated blood pressure (BP) in offspring during childhood. The aim of our study was to determine whether elevated BP pressure and metabolic changes, such as dyslipidemia, insulin resistance, and increased adrenal hormonal activity, are found in 12-yr-old children of preeclamptic mothers. Sixty children born after preeclamptic pregnancy (PRE) and 60 matched control subjects born after normotensive pregnancy (non-PRE) were studied at the age of 12 yr. The case-control pairs were matched for sex, gestational age (+/-1 wk), and size at birth. We measured BP and concentrations of blood glucose, serum fasting insulin, total and high density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, cortisol, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, and plasma epinephrine (E) and norepinephrine (NE). Low density lipoprotein cholesterol was calculated according to the Friedewald-Fredrickson formula. The PRE children had significantly higher mean systolic (116.4 vs. 113.2 mm Hg; P = 0.021) and diastolic (73.9 vs. 70.3 mm Hg; P = 0.022) BP than the non-PRE children, even when adjusted by current weight and height. At 12 yr of age, systolic BP values correlated inversely with birth weight (r = -0.459; P < 0.001) and length SD scores (r = -0.429; P = 0.001) in the PRE children. The mean concentrations of serum total, low density lipoprotein, and high density lipoprotein cholesterol; triglycerides; fasting insulin; blood glucose; serum cortisol; and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate did not differ between the PRE and non-PRE groups. However, the mean plasma E concentration was higher in the PRE than in the non-PRE children (0.32 vs. 0.28 nmol/liter; P = 0.042), whereas the mean NE concentration did not differ between these two groups. In conclusion, 12-yr-old children born with maternal preeclampsia had elevated systolic and diastolic BPs and slightly increased E levels in the circulation. It is not known whether these changes are caused by genetic factors or by preeclampsia itself. FAU - Tenhola, Sirpa
Serum adiponectin is related to plasma high-density lipoprotein cholesterol but not to plasma insulin-concentration in healthy children: the FLVS II study.$$$ Although low levels of plasma adiponectin were associated with an increase in cardiovascular risk in adults, few data investigated that relationship in children. The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between plasma adiponectin and cardiovascular risk factors in healthy children. This cross-sectional population-based study was conducted in Fleurbaix and Laventie, 2 cities in the north of France. The main outcome measure was the correlations between plasma adiponectin and adiposity variables (the body mass index, the sum of 4 skinfolds, waist circumference [WC], and percent body fat [bioimpedance]), blood pressure, plasma glucose, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol and insulin. In 398 children of both sexes, adiponectin was not significantly related to age and pubertal stage. In boys only, adiponectin correlated with WC (r = -0.19; P = .008) and body mass index (r = -0.15; P = .04) but not with other adiposity variables. After taking into account WC, adiponectin was positively correlated with HDL-cholesterol in boys (r = 0.14; P = .05) and girls (r = 0.25; P = .0004), but was not correlated with insulin and homeostasis model assessment index for insulin resistance in both sexes. These results suggest that, in apparently healthy children, adiponectin is related to the level of HDL-cholesterol independently of fat mass. The relationship between adiponectin and insulin resistance previously reported in obese or diabetic children was not apparent in these subjects and may therefore occur only at later age with fat accumulation. FAU - Kettaneh, Adrien
Insulin Resistance in Youth Without Diabetes Is Not Related to Muscle Mitochondrial Dysfunction.$$$ CONTEXT: Obesity, insulin resistance (IR), and diabetes are increasing in youth, especially in girls. IR is associated with muscle mitochondrial dysfunction in youth and adults with diabetes. However, it is unknown whether this relationship is present in youth prior to development of diabetes. OBJECTIVE: Assess IR and mitochondrial function, including sex differences, in nondiabetic youth. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study of youth in the Exploring Perinatal Outcomes among Children, Resistance to InSulin in Type 1 And Type 2 diabetes, and Androgens and Insulin Resistance Study cohorts. SETTING: Academic medical university. PARTICIPANTS: Two hundred seventy-five youth, 13 to 19 years old [43% males: 17.1 (16.52, 17.63) years, body mass index z-score (BMI-Z) 0.36, 64.7% Tanner 5; 57% females: 17.2 (16.43, 17.67) years, BMI-Z 0.72, 78.9% Tanner 5]. INTERVENTIONS: Fasting laboratories, oral glucose tolerance test, and 31P magnetic resonance spectroscopy. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: IR [triglyceride:high-density lipoprotein (HDL) ratio, Matsuda index, and homeostasis model for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR)] and muscle mitochondrial function (adenosine 5'-diphosphate time constant and oxidative phosphorylation rate). RESULTS: Compared with males, females were more insulin resistant, with higher triglyceride:HDL ratio [1.95 (1.30, 2.79) vs 1.69 (1.21, 2.23), P = 0.042], HOMA-IR [3.18 (2.42, 4.39) vs 2.76 (2.02, 4.08), P = 0.035], and fasting free fatty acids (FFAs) and lower Matsuda score [3.98 (2.71, 5.96) vs 5.39 (3.43, 7.57), P < 0.001]. After adjustment for the higher BMI and Tanner stage and lower physical activity levels seen in females, there were no sex differences in mitochondrial function nor in any IR measure except FFAs. We did not find an association between measures of IR and mitochondrial function. CONCLUSIONS: The greater IR seen in adolescent girls vs boys is mostly explained by differences in BMI and physical activity. Mitochondrial function does not appear to be related to IR in a large cohort of nondiabetic youth.
Anastrozole increases predicted adult height of short adolescent males treated with growth hormone: a randomized, placebo-controlled, multicenter trial for one to three years.$$$ CONTEXT: The process of epiphyseal fusion during puberty is regulated by estrogen, even in males. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to investigate whether anastrozole, a potent aromatase inhibitor, could delay bone age acceleration and increase predicted adult height in adolescent boys with GH deficiency. METHODS: Fifty-two adolescent males with GH deficiency treated with GH were randomized to cotreatment with anastrozole or placebo daily for up to 36 months. RESULTS: Fifty subjects completed 12 months, 41 completed 24 months, and 28 completed 36 months. Linear growth was comparable between groups; however, there was a significantly slower increase in bone age advancement from baseline in the anastrozole group vs. placebo group after 2 yr (+1.8+/-0.1 vs. +2.7+/-0.1 yr, P<0.0001) and after 3 yr (+2.5+/-0.2 vs. +4.1+/-0.1 yr, P<0.0001). This resulted in a net increase in predicted adult height of +4.5+/-1.2 cm in the anastrozole group at 24 months and +6.7+/-1.4 cm at 36 months as compared with a 1-cm gain at both time points in the placebo group. Estradiol and estrone concentrations increased less in the anastrozole group compared with placebo group. All boys on the aromatase inhibitor had normal tempo of virilization. Safety data, including glucose, and plasma lipid concentrations were comparable between groups. CONCLUSIONS: Anastrozole increases adult height potential of adolescent boys on GH therapy while maintaining normal pubertal progression after 2-3 yr. This treatment offers an alternative in promoting growth in GH-deficient boys in puberty. Long-term follow up is needed to elucidate fully the safety and efficacy of this approach. FAU - Mauras, Nelly
Evaluation of pituitary function after traumatic brain injury in childhood.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Post-traumatic hypopituitarism is well described amongst adult traumatic brain injury (TBI) survivors. We aimed to determine the prevalence and clinical significance of pituitary dysfunction after head injury in childhood. DESIGN: Retrospective exploratory study. PATIENTS: 33 survivors of accidental head injury (27 boys). Mean (range) age at study was 13·4 years (5·4-21·7 years) and median (range) interval since injury 4·3 years (1·4-7·8 years). Functional outcome at study: 15 good recovery, 16 moderate disability, two severe disability. MEASUREMENTS: Early morning urine osmolality and basal hormone evaluation were followed by the gonadotrophin releasing hormone (GnRH) and insulin tolerance (n = 25) or glucagon tests (if previous seizures, n = 8). Subjects were not primed. Head injury details were extracted from patient records. RESULTS: No subject had short stature (mean height SD score +0·50, range -1·57 to +3·00). Suboptimal GH responses (<5 μg/l) occurred in six peri-pubertal boys (one with slow growth on follow-up) and one postpubertal adolescent (peak GH 3·2 μg/l). Median peak cortisol responses to insulin tolerance or glucagon tests were 538 and 562 nm. Nine of twenty-five and two of eight subjects had suboptimal responses, respectively, two with high basal cortisol levels. None required routine glucocorticoid replacement. In three, steroid cover was recommended for moderate/severe illness or injury. One boy was prolactin deficient. Other basal endocrine results and GnRH-stimulated LH and FSH were appropriate for age, sex and pubertal stage. Abnormal endocrine findings were unrelated to the severity or other characteristics of TBI or functional outcome. CONCLUSIONS: No clinically significant endocrinopathy was identified amongst survivors of accidental childhood TBI, although minor pituitary hormone abnormalities were observed.
Vitamin D status and premature adrenarche.$$$ BACKGROUND: Vitamin D, an important factor in calcium-phosphate homeostasis, has recently been suggested to play an important role in the pathogenesis of numerous chronic conditions such as hyperandrogenism. The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between vitamin D status and premature adrenarche (PA). METHODS: A total of 71 girls with PA and 52 healthy girls, as the control group, were recruited. Axillary and/or pubic hair development before the age of 8 years was defined as PA. Bone age and anthropometric measures including height, weight, and body mass index (BMI) were obtained. 25-Hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D), fasting plasma glucose and insulin were measured. Vitamin D insufficiency was defined as <20 ng/mL. RESULTS: The PA patients had older bone age, higher BMI standard deviation score, homeostasis model of assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and androgen but lower 25(OH)D than the control group. HOMA-IR and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate were also higher in PA patients with vitamin D insufficiency compared with those with normal vitamin D. There was a negative correlation between 25(OH)D and HOMA-IR. CONCLUSION: Low vitamin D is associated with PA; and insulin resistance may be a factor in this association.
Apolipoprotein B48: a novel marker of metabolic risk in overweight children?$$$ Clinical studies in adults indicate there is a positive and significant association between insulin resistance, dyslipidaemia, fasting intestinally derived lipoproteins [via apoB48 (apolipoprotein B48)] and visceral fat. All of these factors contribute to increased risk of CVD (cardiovascular disease). Since little is known about postprandial dyslipidaemia in overweight children, we sought to compare fasting levels of apoB48 with the HOMA-IR (homoeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance) score, classic lipid profile and VAT (visceral adipose tissue). Pre-pubertal, overweight boys and girls were recruited from the wider-Edmonton area (Alberta). Body composition was determined using both dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry and MRI (magnetic resonance imaging). Fasting apoB48 was quantified in plasma using an adapted SDS/PAGE immunoblotting technique, and insulin, glucose, TC (total cholesterol), TAG (triacylglycerol), LDL (low-density lipoprotein) and HDL (high-density lipoprotein) were determined by calorimetric assay. In this overweight sample, we observed elevated fasting apoB48 concentrations, greater than the normal adult range. In addition, apoB48 was significantly related to HOMA-IR and TAG levels. Although apoB48 was positively correlated with TC and LDL and negatively associated with HDL, these relationships did not achieve significance. Our ongoing MRI analysis reveals a positive relationship between apoB48 and VAT volume. To our knowledge, this is the first study to report apoB48 concentrations in overweight pre-pubertal children. Thus this article will provide a brief rationale for our study and its methodology. FAU - Nzekwu, M M U
Regional Body Fat Changes and Metabolic Complications in Children With Dunnigan Lipodystrophy-Causing LMNA Variants.$$$ CONTEXT: Familial partial lipodystrophy, Dunnigan variety (FPLD2) is a rare autosomal-dominant disorder due to heterozygous missense lamin A/C (LMNA) mutations. Subjects with FPLD2 gradually lose fat from the upper and lower extremities but gain fat in the face and neck around puberty. However, the precise onset of body fat changes and metabolic complications during childhood remains unknown. OBJECTIVE: To compare metabolic parameters and regional body fat in children with FPLD2 with the sex- and age-matched controls from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2005 to 2010. METHODS: We measured fasting serum triglycerides, glucose, and skinfold thicknesses in all children (aged 1 to 18 years) harboring FPLD2-causing LMNA mutations and determined regional body fat by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry in those aged ≥8 years. RESULTS: Thirty-two affected females and 14 males participated. The lower limb fat in all affected females, except one, was below or equal to the first percentile and in two affected males was below the fifth percentile for NHANES. One female subject with FPLD2 followed from age 6 to 16 years revealed marked loss of extremity fat much before thelarche. Serum triglycerides were higher in females with FPLD2 aged 7 to 18 years compared with controls (median 208 vs 70 mg/dL; P < 0.0001) and showed inverse correlation with extremity skinfolds. Serum triglycerides in males with FPLD2 were not significantly different than controls. CONCLUSIONS: The onset of fat loss from the extremities, especially in girls with FPLD2, occurs well before the onset of puberty. High serum triglycerides are seen in young females with FPLD2 with severe loss of fat from the extremities.
Timing of menarche related to carotid artery intima-media thickness in black and white young adult women: the Bogalusa Heart Study.$$$ PURPOSE: The early onset of menarche is related to the adulthood risk of cardiovascular (CV) disease. This study examines the relation of early onset of menarche to carotid artery intima-media thickness (IMT), which is a surrogate marker of CV disease, among asymptomatic young adult women in a black-white community. METHODS: A cohort of 461 women (31% black, 69% white) aged 24 to 43 years (mean of 35.6 years) were participants in the Bogalusa Heart Study. The age at menarche was retrospectively collected. In addition to CV risk factor variable measurements B-mode ultrasound images of the far walls of carotid artery segments were obtained. The multivariate linear regression model along with mediating effect by Sobel test was applied to analyze menarcheal age effect on carotid artery IMT, adjusting for covariates. RESULTS: Waist to height ratio was significantly greater (P = .01) in early menarcheal age (<11 years) versus menarcheal age (≥11 years) in both black and white women. Homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was significantly greater (P = .01) in early menarcheal age (<11 years) versus menarcheal age (≥11 years) in white women and also similar direction in black women. Internal carotid artery IMT was the same in early menarcheal age (<11 years) versus menarcheal age (≥11 years) in white women but higher (P = .02) in black women. Given as previously mentioned these different associations, the mediation analysis by race was performed. The effect of early menarcheal age (<11 years) versus menarcheal age (≥11 years) was mediated by waist to height ratio and HOMA-IR in white women after adjusting for parental education and age. The mediating effect of waist to height ratio (Sobel test = -2.26 and P = .02) and HOMA-IR (Sobel test = -1.85 and P = .06) on internal carotid artery IMT was noted in white women. The direct effect of early menarcheal age (<11 years) versus menarcheal age (≥11 years) on internal carotid artery IMT (β = -0.150, P = .01) was observed in black women. CONCLUSIONS: The observed deleterious effect of early onset of menarche on carotid artery IMT in asymptomatic black and white younger adult women has biological, social, and public health implications.
Relationship of body fat and cardiorespiratory fitness with cardiovascular risk in Chinese children.$$$ BACKGROUNDS/OBJECTIVES: Cardiorespiratory fitness (CRF) and body fat play an important role in elevated risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, the combined effects of CRF and obesity on metabolic health in Chinese children are unclear. The purpose of this study was to investigate the independent and combined associations between body fat, CRF, and CVD risk in Chinese schoolchildren. METHODS: The study subjects comprised 676 schoolchildren (392 boys and 284 girls, aged 9.6±0.7 yrs old) in Wuhan, China. Their body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), CRF, blood pressure (BP), lipids, glucose, and pubertal status were assessed. Children were categorized into different groups based on their BMI, WC, and CRF using Chinese obesity cut-off points and CRF sex-specific median points. Metabolic Risk Score (MRS) was computed based on the standardized scores of BP, lipids, and glucose. RESULTS: Multiple linear regression models showed that, in the separate models, body fat was positively associated with MRS while CRF was inversely associated with MRS (p<0.001). However, when assessed simultaneously, only body fat had a significant association with MRS (p<0.001). In general, low-fit children had a lower MRS compared to their counterparts, and a significant difference between the two extreme groups was observed (low CRF and high fat vs. high CRF and low fat, p<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that both body fat and CRF should be considered when interpreting CVD risk in Chinese children, while body fat may be correlated with CVD risk more than CRF. FAU - Wang, Pei-gang
Is obesity-related insulin status the cause of blunted growth hormone secretion in Turner's syndrome?$$$ Growth hormone (GH) secretion is reduced in girls with Turner's syndrome (TS) at pubertal age. We have recently proposed that the impairment of GH release in TS girls might be secondary to obesity. In the present study, we assessed the influence of overweight-related insulin status on spontaneous GH secretion in a group of 15 TS girls. Eighteen age-matched short normal subjects and six short obese prepubertal children were chosen as controls. Anthropometry, spontaneous GH secretion, insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) serum levels, basal fasting insulin, and glucose concentrations were determined. The percentage of ideal body weight (IBW) was used as an index of nutritional status. Baseline fasting glucose (milligrams per deciliter) to insulin (milliunits per liter) ratio (G/I) was chosen as an index of insulin resistance. GH secretion was significantly lower in TS girls than in non-obese children (P < .005), whereas no significant difference was seen between TS and obese subjects. IGF-I levels were not statistically different in all groups. GH secretion was confirmed to be related to the degree of overweight (r = -.52, P < .05 in TS girls and r = -.74, P < .0001 in control group). G/I was closely related to both the percentage of IBW (r = -.59, P = .02) and GH level (r = .57, P = .03) in TS patients. These results confirm that the blunted GH secretion in TS patients is dependent on nutritional status, and suggest that insulin resistance secondary to overweight might represent the pathophysiologic link between the obesity-related metabolic status and impaired GH secretion. FAU - Vaccaro, F
Timing of puberty determines serum insulin-like growth factor-I in late adulthood.$$$ CONTEXT: IGFs may play an important role in disease etiology, especially cancer. Changes in diet can alter acute levels, but little is known about life course influences on IGF levels. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to examine the association between timing of puberty and adulthood serum IGFs (IGF-I and IGF binding protein-3). DESIGN: This was a retrospective cohort study. SETTING: Male pupils who attended a single school in Southern England were part of the study. PARTICIPANTS: Participants in the study were a cohort of 1028 men born between 1927 and 1956 with anthropometric measures between 9 and 18 yr and adulthood serum IGF levels. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: The study measured serum IGF-I and IGF binding protein-3 at mean age 63 yr. RESULTS: Age at peak height velocity (APHV) was inversely associated with adult IGF-I levels. IGF-I decreased by 3.7 ng/ml (95% confidence interval 1.0-6.4, P = 0.007) for each sd increase in APHV. Prepubertal childhood height and body mass index were both inversely associated with APHV (P trend < 0.001). APHV was positively associated with adult height and inversely associated with adult body mass index. Adjustment for childhood, adult anthropometry, and other lifestyle factors did not substantially alter the association between APHV and adult IGF-I. CONCLUSIONS: This is the first study to document an association between timing of puberty and adult IGF-I levels. A better understanding of life course determinants of the IGF system may provide new insights into disease etiology and primary prevention. FAU - Sandhu, Jat
Periodontal findings in a patient with Mauriac syndrome: a case report.$$$ Mauriac syndrome is a rare condition that affects people with uncontrolled diabetes. The case history of a 17-year-old female patient diagnosed with Mauriac syndrome and concurrently suffering from type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), stunted growth, hepatomegaly, and severe periodontal disease is described. Non-surgical periodontal therapy was the treatment provided. Severe periodontal destruction was seen in conjunction with the unique features of this syndrome, such as hepatomegaly, dwarfism, moon-shaped face, cushingoid fat deposition, delayed puberty, and brittle diabetes. Treatment resulted in decreased plaque and gingival scores. A bi-directional relationship has been established between diabetes mellitus and periodontal disease and there is an increasing emphasis on perio-systemic interrelationships. Given the effect that such systemic disorders have on periodontal health, periodontists should be involved in the early diagnosis and treatment of such patients.
Evaluation of the pro-inflammatory cytokine tumor necrosis factor-α in adolescents with polycystic ovary syndrome.$$$ BACKGROUND: Patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) often suffer from comorbidities associated with chronic inflammation characterized by elevations in pro-inflammatory cytokines. There is limited data on markers of chronic inflammation, in particular Tumor Necrosis Factor-alpha (TNF-α), in adolescents with PCOS. OBJECTIVES: To compare serum levels of TNF-α in overweight or obese adolescents with PCOS and obese controls. In the PCOS group, to correlate serum TNF-α levels with body mass index (BMI) z-score, severity of hyperandrogenism, degree of insulin resistance, and ovarian ultrasonographic characteristics. METHODS: We performed a cross-sectional retrospective analysis of clinical and biochemical findings in 23 overweight or obese adolescent females with PCOS (mean BMI z-score 2, mean age 15.2 yrs) and 12 obese age- and sex-matched controls (mean BMI z-score 2, mean age 14.1 y). All subjects were post-menarchal. Serum TNF-α levels were compared between groups. In the PCOS group, cytokine levels were correlated with BMI z-score, androgen levels, fasting insulin and glucose levels as well as ovarian ultrasonographic features. RESULTS: Both groups were comparable in age, BMI z-score, fasting glucose, and fasting insulin. Mean free testosterone was 9.76 ± 5.13 pg/mL in the PCOS group versus 5 ± 2.02 pg/mL in the control group (P = .0092). Serum TNF-α was 7.4 ± 4 pg/mL in the PCOS group versus 4.8 ± 3.16 pg/mL in the control group (P = .0468). There was no significant correlation between serum TNF-α and BMI z-score, free testosterone, fasting insulin, or fasting glucose. No correlation existed between serum TNF-α and ovarian follicle number, distribution, or volume. CONCLUSIONS: Serum TNF-α is elevated in overweight/obese adolescents with PCOS. Chronic inflammation in adolescents with PCOS render them at a potential increased risk for the development of atherosclerosis, type 2 diabetes, cancer, infertility, and other comorbidities. Every effort should be made to identify adolescents with PCOS early and initiate aggressive therapy to prevent future complications.
Ghrelin levels before and after reduction of overweight due to a low-fat high-carbohydrate diet in obese children and adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: There are conflicting results for ghrelin changes in reduction of overweight. Increasing ghrelin levels in weight reduction are considered to be responsible for compensatory mechanisms that make the reduction of overweight unlikely to be sustained. METHODS: We have analyzed fasting serum ghrelin levels, weighed dietary record and, as biochemical markers of clinically relevant reduction of overweight, leptin, adiponectin and insulin levels and insulin resistance measured by homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) at baseline and after a 1-y outpatient weight reduction program based on a high-carbohydrate and low-fat diet in 37 obese children (median age 10 y). We divided these children into two subgroups according to their degree of weight loss (substantial reduction of overweight: decrease in SDS-BMI > or = 0.5). Furthermore, we analyzed ghrelin levels in 16 normal-weight children. RESULTS: Obese children demonstrated significant (P<0.001) lower ghrelin levels compared to normal-weight children. Daily caloric intake (P = 0.004) and percentage fat content decreased significantly (P<0.001), while percentage carbohydrate content increased significantly (P = 0.003) between baseline and 1-y follow-up in the obese children. The substantial reduction of overweight in 16 children (median SDS-BMI = -0.7) was associated with significant changes in insulin resistance (median decrease of HOMA 27%; P = 0.013), insulin (median decrease 25%, P = 0.036), adiponectin (median increase 15%; P = 0.003), and leptin levels (median decrease 19%; P = 0.023), while there were no significant changes in ghrelin levels (median increase 4%; P = 0.326). In the 21 children without substantial reduction of overweight (median SDS-BMI = -0.3), there were no significant changes in insulin resistance and in insulin, adiponectin, leptin and ghrelin levels. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that in obese children, low-fat high-carbohydrate diet-induced weight loss does not change ghrelin secretion, but significantly decreases leptin levels, increases adiponectin levels and improves insulin resistance determined by significantly decreased insulin resistance indices as well as lowered serum insulin levels. FAU - Reinehr, T
Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD) in children and adolescents with Prader-Willi Syndrome (PWS).$$$ We tested the hypothesis that patients with Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) may be at lower risk of developing non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) because of a higher insulin sensitivity. Twenty-one PWS patients and 42 control subjects closely similar for age, gender, pubertal stage and body mass index (CNT), were studied. Metabolic profile and body composition were assessed. NAFLD was established by a validated method of US grading (range from G0 to G3). PWS patients showed a significantly better metabolic profile (lower waist circumference, fasting glucose levels, HOMA-IR, cholesterol, transaminase levels and trunk fat mass/fat mass ratio). Furthermore, NAFLD G1stage was significantly more frequent in PWS subjects (P < 0.05), whereas G2 stage was significantly more frequent in control patients (P < 0.05). NAFLD grading seems to correlate with body composition in PWS, also after adjustment for sex and GH treatment. To our knowledge, this is the first report suggesting a reduced risk of NAFLD in PWS children.
[Reference values for IGF-I, IGFBP-1, IGFBP-3 and osteocalcin in healthy children in Zaragoza].$$$ OBJECTIVE: Our aim was to estimate reference values for basal serum concentrations of insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I, IGF binding protein (IGFBP)-1, IGFBP-3 and osteocalcin in healthy children of Zaragoza. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The reference population consisted of healthy children between 0 and 14 years of age with normal weight and height and living in the metropolitan area of Zaragoza (Spain). It was a transversal study. Immunoradiometric assays were used to determine basal serum IGF-I, IGFBP-1, IGFBP-3 and osteocalcin concentrations. Reference values and ranges were estimated according to the recommendations of the International Federation of Clinical Chemistry. RESULTS: Reference values have been classified according to age, sex and pubertal stage. IGF-I, IGFBP-1, IGFBP-3 and osteocalcin concentrations differ during the pubertal period according to age. There are differences in IGF-I, IGFBP-3 and osteocalcin levels between prepuberty and puberty and differences in IGF-I and osteocalcin levels among the pubertal stages. Sex did not influence IGF-I or IGFBP-1 concentrations and there were punctual differences in IGFBP-3 and osteocalcin levels between girls and boys. CONCLUSIONS: Sincere there are differences in IGF-I, IGFBP-1, IGFBP-3 and osteocalcin reference values according to age, sex, pubertal stage and immunoassays, it is necessary to establish the reference values for each population and laboratory in accordance with these parameters. FAU - Cortés Blanco, A
Sagittal abdominal diameter resembles waist circumference as a surrogate marker of insulin resistance in adolescents-Brazilian Metabolic Syndrome Study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the association of the sagittal abdominal diameter (SAD) with insulin resistance (IR) and metabolic syndrome (MetS) components, and to compare SAD with waist circumference (WC). SUBJECTS/METHODS: This was a multicenter, cross-sectional study of 520 adolescents (10- to 18-years old). IR was assessed using the homeostasis model assessment of IR (HOMA-IR) and the hyperglycaemic clamp (n = 76). RESULTS: SAD and WC were positively correlated with HOMA-IR (r = 0.637 and r = 0.653) and inversely correlated with the clamp-derived insulin sensitivity index (ISI) (r = -0.734 and r = -0.731); P < .001. In the multivariable linear regression analysis, SAD was positively associated with HOMA-IR (B = 0.046 ± 0.003) and inversely associated with the clamp-derived ISI (B = -0.084 ± 0.009) after adjusting for sex, age, and Tanner's stages (P < .001). When WC replaced the SAD, it was positively associated with HOMA-IR (B = 0.011 ± 0.001) and inversely associated with the clamp-derived ISI (B = -0.018 ± 0.002); P < .001. The values of the areas under the curves (AUC) were 0.823 and 0.813 for SAD and WC, respectively. In Bland-Altman analysis, there were agreement between both, SAD and WC, with the clamp-derived ISI (mean = 0.00; P > .05). The SAD and WC were positively associated with blood pressure, triglycerides, and uric acid, and inversely associated with high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol after adjusting for sex, age, and Tanner's stages. CONCLUSION: The SAD was associated with IR and MetS components, with a good discriminatory power for detecting IR. When compared to WC, SAD showed equivalent results.
Genetic risk factors in diabetic retinopathy.$$$ Diabetic retinopathy is the leading cause of blindness in adults aged 30 to 65 years. However, 20% of the diabetic population does not develop significant retinopathy. To examine the influence of immune-related genetic factors on the development of diabetic retinopathy, we studied immunoglobulin allotypes in 102 subjects aged 8 to 20 years, who had had Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus for 4.5 to 11 years (mean 7.3 years). HLA had been previously typed on 59 of these subjects. Retinopathy was assessed by expert review of retinal photographs. Among the 44 patients who had evidence of retinopathy, 33(75%) were G2m(23+), while among the 58 patients without retinopathy but with similar duration of disease, only 28(48%) were G2m(23+) (p = 0.006). The HLA-DR types of patients with and without retinopathy were not significantly different. We conclude that there is significant evidence of an association between G2m(23) at the locus encoding IgG2 subclass heavy chains and susceptibility to the development of diabetic retinopathy early in the clinical course of the disease. Our findings provide important independent confirmation of a previous report of association between Gm allotypes and predisposition to diabetic retinopathy. We are unable to determine if the Gm effect on development of retinopathy is due to the G2m(23) allotype itself, or due to genes that are closely linked to, and in linkage disequilibrium with, the locus encoding the G2m(23) allotype. FAU - Stewart, L L
Effect of recombinant growth hormone on leptin, adiponectin, resistin, interleukin-6, tumor necrosis factor-α and ghrelin levels in growth hormone-deficient children.$$$ BACKGROUND: Treatment with GH promotes linear growth and decreases body fat in patients with isolated GH deficiency (GHD). However, few studies have analyzed how GH replacement modifies ghrelin levels and the adipokine profile and the relationship of these modifications with the metabolic changes. AIMS: To analyze the eventual differences between serum levels of leptin, leptin soluble receptor (sOBR), resistin, adiponectin, interleukin-6 (IL-6), tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α), total (TG) and acylated ghrelin (AG) and lipid and glycemic profiles in children with GHD, as well as to determine the effect of GH replacement on these parameters during the first year of therapy. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Thirty pre-pubertal (Tanner stage I) GHD children and 30 matched controls were enrolled. Children with GHD were studied before and after 6 and 12 months of GH treatment. Weight, height, BMI, fasting glucose, insulin, lipid profile and serum levels of adipokines and ghrelin were studied at every visit. Adi - pokines, insulin and ghrelin levels were determined by using commercial radio- and enzymoimmunoassays. RESULTS: At baseline children with GHD had significantly higher sOBR (p<0.01) and adiponectin (p<0.01) levels than controls. Treatment with GH resulted in a decline in leptin (p<0.05) and TG (p<0.001) levels, an increase of homeostasis model assessment index and restored IGF-I levels (p<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: These data indicate that GH replacement has a negative effect on leptin levels and may also produce a slight unfavorable effect on carbohydrate metabolism. In addition, the changes observed in the adipokine profile appear to be independent of body mass index. FAU - López-Siguero, J P
Duration of puberty in preterm girls. LID - 10.1002/ajhb.22963 [doi]$$$ OBJECTIVES: Preterm birth is associated with altered pubertal timing, but the effect on pubertal duration has rarely been assessed. Here, we tested the hypothesis that preterm birth is associated with shorter duration of puberty among girls in Hong Kong where preterm birth has little social patterning. METHODS: In the population-representative Chinese birth cohort "Children of 1997", we used multivariable linear regression to assess the association of preterm status (≤36 completed gestational weeks, n = 170; term birth 37-42 gestational weeks, n = 3476) with duration of puberty, adjusted for parent's highest education, mother's place of birth, maternal smoking during pregnancy, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and mother's age of menarche. RESULTS: The mean duration from thelarche to menarche was 2.53 years. Preterm girls had a shorter duration from thelarche to menarche by 2.6 months, 95% confidence interval 0.5-4.7 months. Age of menarche did not differ by preterm status but preterm girls had later thelarche. Preterm birth was not associated with a shorter duration from pubarche to menarche. CONCLUSIONS: Preterm births may be associated with shorter duration of puberty from thelarche to menarche, possibly through effects of in utero estrogen exposure, the drivers of thelarche, or the drivers of pubertal duration/progression, with potential implications for subsequent risk of cardiovascular disease and hormonal cancers.
Peripheral quantitative computed tomography detects differences at the radius in prepubertal children with cystic fibrosis compared to healthy controls.$$$ INTRODUCTION: In 2015, 11.9% of people with cystic fibrosis (CF) in the United States had osteopenia, 5.1% osteoporosis, and 0.3% experienced a fracture. Screening for CF-related bone disease starts in childhood, and dual energy x-ray absorptiometry (DXA) is the recommended method. It is unknown whether peripheral quantitative computed tomography (pQCT) can detect deficits earlier than DXA. This study compared pQCT and DXA scans in a group of pre-pubertal children with CF and healthy controls. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study of children at Tanner stage 1. A pQCT scan of the radius at proximal and distal sites was performed plus a total body DXA scan. Serum C-reactive protein, interleukin-6 and tumor necrosis factor-alpha were also measured. RESULTS: A total of 34 subjects completed the study; 14 with CF and 20 controls. At the distal radius, pQCT showed a lower total bone mineral density (BMD) Z-score for the CF group (P = 0.01 and P = 0.03 for 2 different reference databases) compared to controls. At the proximal site, the polar strength-strain index was lower in the CF group (P = 0.017). Finally, the total body BMD Z-score by DXA was lower in the CF group, although it did not meet the definition of reduced bone density (P = 0.004). Biomarkers of inflammation were not different. CONCLUSIONS: In this group of pre-pubertal children with CF, measures of bone strength and density by both pQCT and DXA were reduced compared to healthy controls. FAU - O'Brien, Catherine E
Natural history of idiopathic advanced bone age diagnosed in childhood: pattern of growth and puberty.$$$ BACKGROUND: Significant idiopathic bone age (BA) advancement is defined as BA >2 SD above the mean chronological age (CA) with no underlying etiology. BA advancement due to endocrinopathies is associated with early puberty and compromised adult height (AHt), necessitating treatment. The natural history of idiopathic BA advancement is not well-established. AIM: to determine the pattern of growth and puberty, and validity of AHt prediction in idiopathic BA advancement. METHODS: fifty-five prepubertal patients (20 boys aged 6.7 ± 2.2 years, 35 girls aged 6.4 ± 2.0 years) evaluated between 1985 and 2008 were found to have idiopathic BA advancement. Assessed during follow-up were: BA, height (Ht), weight (Wt), pubertal course and predicted AHt (PAHt). Attained AHt was compared to PAHt and to midparental Ht (MPHt). RESULTS: throughout follow-up, BA-SDS (SD score) significantly declined (p < 0.001), Ht-SDS significantly decreased (p = 0.006) and Wt-SDS did not change. Pubertal onset, duration and growth were within the normal range. Attained AHts did not differ significantly from MPHts (boys: 172 ± 6.7 vs. 171 ± 6.1 cm; girls: 160.5 ± 6.5 vs. 159.0 ± 6.8 cm). PAHts using the 'accelerated' tables of Bayley and Pinneau were accurate. CONCLUSION: idiopathic BA advancement differs from BA advancement with underlying endocrinopathy in evolution of BA progression (decline in BA-SDS), growth pattern, validity of AHt prediction and uncompromised AHt. This indicates that it requires minimal clinical monitoring and usually does not mandate treatment.
[Physical exercise and bone development in chronically ill children].$$$ Children with chronic diseases are at increased risk of sub-optimal bone mineral acquisition and osteoporosis, especially those who have a growth and pubertal delay, reduced physical activity, inadequate nutrition, malabsorption or take medications which may influence bone development. Weight-bearing physical activity has a beneficial effect on bone development of healthy children but little is known in children with chronic diseases. Preliminary results of our cross-sectional study in children with juvenile idiopathic arthritis (JIA) suggest that hip bone mineral density is positively related with physical fitness and muscle strength and is reduced at the more affected side. We have initiated two randomized controlled trials to determine the effects of a moderate impact exercise training program on bone mineral density of children with JIA and type 1 diabetes mellitus. FAU - Farpour-Lambert, Nathalie J
Hypertriglyceridemic Waist Phenotype Indicates Insulin Resistance in Adolescents According to the Clamp Technique in the BRAMS Study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to identify cutoff points for detecting hypertriglyceridemic waist phenotype (HTWP) in adolescents and to investigate the association of the HTWP with insulin resistance (IR) and metabolic syndrome components. METHODS: A multicentric cross-sectional study of 861 adolescents (10-19 years of age, 504 girls) was conducted. Pubertal stage, anthropometric, and laboratory parameters were assessed. IR was assessed by Homeostasis Model Assessment for Insulin Resistance (HOMA1-IR) index and hyperglycemic clamp (n = 80). HTWP was defined by the presence of increased plasma triglycerides (TGs) and increased waist circumference (WC) according to cutoff points obtained in ROC curve analysis given the HOMA1-IR index as a reference method. RESULTS: Cutoffs for WC and TGs, with a higher sum of sensitivity (S) and specificity (E), were, respectively: >84 cm (S:65.1%, E:71.9%) and >87 mg/dL (S:65.1%, E:73.4%) in pubertal girls; >88.5 cm (S:80.2%, E:60.2%) and >78 mg/dL (S:60.5%, E:53.2%) in postpubertal girls; >94 cm (S:73.1%, E:83.1%) and >79 mg/dL (S:61.5%, E:60.2%) in pubertal boys; and >99 cm (S:81.3%, E:78.7%) and >86 mg/dL in postpubertal boys (S:68.1%, E:60.7%). HTWP frequency was 27.5%. In the phenotype presence, after adjustment for age and pubertal stage, blood pressure and fasting glucose levels were elevated and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was lower (p < 0.001). Adolescents with the HTWP showed more IR, evaluated both by the HOMA1-IR and by the clamp test (p < 0.003). CONCLUSION: The findings suggest HTWP as an IR status in adolescents. Cutoff point standardization for gender and pubertal stage, combined with the ease of application of the method, may allow their use for screening adolescents who would most benefit from lifestyle changes. FAU - Barreiro-Ribeiro, Francieli
The relationship between insulin, IGF-I and weight gain in cystic fibrosis.$$$ OBJECTIVE: In cystic fibrosis, reduced body mass is related to low levels of IGF-I and changes in the IGF binding proteins. Our aim was to determine whether these abnormalities are linked to pancreatic endocrine dysfunction. PATIENTS AND DESIGN: We measured serum levels of insulin, IGF-I, IGFBP-I, IGFBP-3 and IGF bioactivity in 77 fasting subjects (43 male) mean age 9.6 years (range 2.99-17.98 years). Data were analysed with respect of body mass, puberty and stature and compared with control data established in the same laboratory. RESULTS: The mean height standard deviation score (SDS (SD)) was -0.54 (0.97) and the body mass index SDS -0.24 (1.09). Both body mass index SDS (r = -0.40, P = 0.0003) and IGF-I SDS (r = - 0.32, P = 0.009) declined with age. Insulin levels were also low and correlated with IGF-I and IGFBP-3 (r = 0.42, P = 0.0004, and r = 0.45, P = 0.0002, respectively) whereas levels of IGFBP-I were inversely related to those of IGF-I and insulin (r = - 0.43, P = 0. 0004, r = - 0.52, P < 0.0001). IGF bioactivity was reduced and inversely related to IGFBP-I (r = - 0.31, P = 0.009). In multiple regression analysis, body mass index SDS was negatively related to age (P < 0.0001) and positively related to insulin and IGF-I (P = 0. 04, P = 0.03, respectively). Height SDS was correlated with IGF bioactivity (P = 0.003) and negatively with IGFBP-I (P = 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that progressive insulin deficiency may result in reduced IGF-I levels and IGF-bioactivity and may determine weight gain and statural growth in cystic fibrosis. FAU - Taylor, A M
Early menarche is associated with metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance in premenopausal Korean women.$$$ In pediatrics, identifying risk factors is important in planning the prevention of cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to determine whether there is an independent association between early menarche (<12 years) and metabolic syndrome (MetS) in Korean women. We analyzed data from 4463 premenopausal women from the Fourth Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey-IV (2007-2009). MetS was defined by the International Diabetes Federation for Asians and insulin resistance (IR) was defined as HOMA-IR more than 3.05. The prevalence of MetS and IR was 7.9 and 15.0%. Women (55.6%) with MetS also showed IR. The prevalence of MetS was higher in both women with early menarche and late menarche (≥16 years) compared with the reference group (early, 12.8%; reference, 7.0%; late, 11.0%, both P = 0.002). However, the odds ratio for MetS was 3.54 (95% confidence interval (CI), 2.14-5.87) and for IR was 2.98 (95% CI, 1.99-4.47) after adjusting for age and other confounders such as lifestyle variables, reproductive variables and sociodemographic variables only in women with early menarche CONCLUSION: Early menarche was associated with an increased risk of MetS and IR in premenopausal Korean women. WHAT IS KNOWN: Early menarche is associated with higher risk of CVD-related death and all-cause mortality in Western studies. Early menarche is associated with higher risk of diabetes in Korean premenopausal women. WHAT IS NEW: Early menarche (<12 years) is associated with metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance in nationally representative Korean premenopausal women. However, late menarche (>16 years) is not associated with metabolic syndrome after controlling for age and other confounders. FAU - Lim, Se Won
Growth and metabolic consequences of growth hormone treatment in prepubertal short normal children.$$$ Growth and the metabolic effects of growth hormone were monitored in a randomised, controlled group of 41 short, normal, prepubertal children. The treated group received daily injections of growth hormone as Genotropin (Kabi Pharmacia) 30 IU/m2/week. Fifteen children in the treated group (21 children) have completed three years of treatment, have grown significantly more than 14 (of 20) untreated children, and have a significantly greater adult height prediction. They do, however, remain leaner (body fat 13.5% in the treated group, 18% in the untreated group) and relatively hyperinsulinaemic (insulin 66.7 pmol/l in the treated group, 44.5 in the untreated group) after three years compared with untreated children. Although growth hormone appears to improve the height potential of prepubertal short normal children, the long term outcome is still uncertain. FAU - McCaughey, E S
Antioxidation improves in puberty in normal weight and obese boys, in positive association with exercise-stimulated growth hormone secretion.$$$ BACKGROUND: Oxidative stress is associated with obesity while the evidence for the role of GH in pro- and antioxidation is inconclusive. This study investigates the relationships between growth hormone (GH), pro- and antioxidation in relation to obesity and puberty before and after an acute bout of exercise. METHODS: In this case-control study, 76 healthy normal-weight and obese, prepubertal and pubertal boys underwent a blood sampling before and immediately after an aerobic exercise bout until exhaustion at 70% maximal oxygen consumption. Markers of prooxidation (thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) and protein carbonyls (PCs)) and antioxidation (glutathione (GSH), oxidized glutathione disulfide (GSSG), GSH/GSSG ratio, glutathione peroxidase (GPX), catalase, and total antioxidant capacity (TAC)) and hormones (GH, insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-1, IGF-BP-3, luteinizing hormone, follicle-stimulating hormone, and testosterone) were measured. RESULTS: Baseline and postexercise TBARS and PCs were greater, while baseline GSH, GSH/GSSG ratio, GPX, and TAC were lower in obese than that in normal-weight participants. In all participants, waist was the best negative and positive predictor for postexercise GPX and TBARS, respectively. Baseline TAC was greater in pubertal than that in pre-pubertal participants. In all participants, baseline GH was the best negative predictor for postexercise PCs. Significant positive linear correlation exists between the exercise-associated GH, and GSSG increases in pubertal normal-weight boys. CONCLUSIONS: Higher prooxidation and lower antioxidation were observed in obese boys, while antioxidation improves with puberty and postexercise, paralleling GH accentuated secretion. FAU - Paltoglou, George
[Incidence of childhood diabetes in Hungary].$$$ A retrospective epidemiological study using primary data sources and external validation was made to assess the incidence of childhood diabetes (0-14 yr) over a ten-year period. The degree of ascertainment was 96.2 per cent. Age-specific incidence rates increased until puberty with peak incidence in girls at 10 year and in boys at 13 year. There was a seasonal variation of onset with peaks in autumn and winter. The yearly incidence rates showed an increasing trend, the incidence in 1987 (8.7/100,000) was 2.3 times higher than in 1978. The rise in incidence was not continuous, incidence rates were similar in the years 1978-79, 1980-84 and 1985-87, but relatively sharp increases could be observed in 1980 and in 1985 which were mainly due to increases in incidence of the age group 5 to 9 years. Dynamic changes have taken place in the incidence of childhood diabetes in Hungary between 1978 and 1987, but it is not known whether the increases can be regarded as epidemics or parts of a discontinuous trend. FAU - Soltész, G
Insulin sensitivity is correlated with subcutaneous but not visceral body fat in overweight and obese prepubertal children.$$$ AIM: Our aim was to explore the relationship between insulin sensitivity, body fat distribution, ectopic (liver and skeletal muscle) fat deposition, adipokines (leptin and adiponectin), and inflammation markers (highly sensitive C-reactive protein, IL-6, IL-10, and TNF-alpha) in prepubertal children. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Thirty overweight and obese children (16 males and 14 females with body mass index z-score range of 1.1-3.2) were recruited. Body fat distribution and fat accumulation in liver and skeletal muscle were measured using magnetic resonance imaging. Insulin sensitivity was assessed by iv glucose tolerance test. RESULTS: Insulin sensitivity was associated with sc abdominal adipose tissue (SAT) (r = -0.52; P < 0.01) and liver fat content (r = -0.44; P < 0.02) but not with visceral abdominal adipose tissue (VAT) (r = -0.193; P value not significant) and fat accumulation in skeletal muscle (r = -0.210; P value not significant). Adipokines, but not inflammation markers, were significantly correlated to insulin sensitivity. VAT correlated with C-reactive protein (r = 0.55; P < 0.01) as well as adiponectin (r = -0.53; P <0.01). Multiple regression analysis showed that only SAT and liver fat content were independently correlated to insulin sensitivity (P < 0.01; 20 and 16% of explained variance, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: In overweight and moderately obese prepubertal children, insulin sensitivity was negatively correlated with SAT and liver fat content. Furthermore, contrary to adults, VAT and inflammation markers were not correlated with insulin sensitivity in children. FAU - Maffeis, Claudio
Prolactinomas in children under 14. Clinical presentation and long-term follow-up.$$$ PURPOSE: Pediatric prolactinomas are rare, especially in children under 14 years of age. In this study, we evaluated the clinical presentation and microsurgical outcome of prolactinomas in prepubertal children. METHODS: Nine patients with prolactinomas who had undergone surgical removal of the tumor before the age of 14 years were included in this retrospective study. Data on their clinical presentation, medications, physical and laboratory evaluations, radiological findings, and long-time follow-up were obtained from their medical records. RESULTS: The main presenting symptom in the four female patients was galactorrhea (n = 4, 100%), whereas the five male patients most commonly presented with headache (n = 4, 80%) and growth retardation (n = 3, 60%). Six (66.6%) of the patients who had undergone transsphenoidal surgery were medication-free postoperatively. In three (33.3%) patients with giant adenomas, complete resection of the tumor was not achieved. One (11.1%) patient received radiotherapy after failed surgical and medical treatment. Postoperatively, electrolyte disturbances occurred in five (55.6%) patients, diabetes insipidus in two (22.2%), and thyroid dysfunction in two (22.2%). These complications resolved spontaneously. During follow-up, growth and puberty were usually normal. CONCLUSIONS: Tumor compressive symptoms and/or gonadal and growth arrest may be the primary clinical presentations of pediatric prolactinoma. Patients who are not candidates for dopamine agonist therapy are best treated surgically, based on the low mortality and high cure rates. Hypopituitarism is a rare complication and may resolve spontaneously. Following successful treatment of a prolactinoma, growth and puberty in these children are normal. FAU - Liu, Yang
Divergent associations of height with cardiometabolic disease and cancer: epidemiology, pathophysiology, and global implications.$$$ Among chronic non-communicable diseases, cardiometabolic diseases and cancer are the most important causes of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Although high BMI and waist circumference, as estimates of total and abdominal fat mass, are now accepted as predictors of the increasing incidence of these diseases, adult height, which also predicts mortality, has been neglected. Interestingly, increasing evidence suggests that height is associated with lower cardiometabolic risk, but higher cancer risk, associations supported by mendelian randomisation studies. Understanding the complex epidemiology, biology, and pathophysiology related to height, and its association with cardiometabolic diseases and cancer, is becoming even more important because average adult height has increased substantially in many countries during recent generations. Among the mechanisms driving the increase in height and linking height with cardiometabolic diseases and cancer are insulin and insulin-like growth factor signalling pathways. These pathways are thought to be activated by overnutrition, especially increased intake of milk, dairy products, and other animal proteins during different stages of child development. Limiting overnutrition during pregnancy, early childhood, and puberty would avoid not only obesity, but also accelerated growth in children-and thus might reduce risk of cancer in adulthood.
Low insulin-like growth factor 1 is associated with low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and metabolic syndrome in Chinese nondiabetic obese children and adolescents: a cross-sectional study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Low serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) is an independent risk factor for developing cardiovascular disease. Insulin-like growth factor 1(IGF-1) levels have been proven to be positively associated with HDL-C, but few studies were based on the dataset of children or adolescents. The aim of this study is to investigate the relationship among IGF-1, HDL-C and the metabolic syndrome in Chinese nondiabetic obese children and adolescents. METHODS: As a cross-sectional study, this study includes 120 obese Chinese children and adolescents and 120 healthy ones. The obese subjects were divided into two groups based on using 1.03 mmol/L as a threshold value for HDL-C. Clinical examination and laboratory examinations were assessed for all participants. RESULTS: Obese subjects had significantly lower IGF-1SDS and higher Height SDS than those in the control group. Among 120 obese children and adolescents, 22 (18.3 %) subjects had an HDL-C level <1.03 mmol/L. IGF-1SDS was significantly lower (P = 0.001) in obese subjects with low HDL-C. According to the results of multivariate logistic regression analysis, IGF-1 SDS is significantly associated with low HDL-C(OR 0.518, 95 % CI 0.292-0.916; P = 0.024), after being adjusted for age, gender, pubertal status, BMI SDS, SBP, DBP, HOMR-IR, total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein-cholesterol, triglycerides, ALT and uric acid. In addition, IGF-1 SDS is significantly correlated with the level of serum HDL-C in study population (r = 0.19, P = 0.003). Based on logistic regression analysis with adjustment for age, gender and pubertal status, the increased IGF-1 SDS was associated with a decreased probability of metabolic syndrome (OR 0.555, 95 % CI 0.385-0.801; P = 0.002) and hypertriglyceridemia (OR 0.582, 95 % CI 0.395-0.856; P = 0.006), but no significant correlation with hypertension. CONCLUSION: Obese children had lower IGF-1SDS and taller stature compared with the control group. Low levels of IGF-1 SDS were associated with low levels of HDL-C in chinese nondiabetic obese children and adolescents, independent of insulin resistance, as well as other traditional cardiovascular disease risk markers. FAU - Liang, Shuang
Cardiovascular risk factors in adolescents born preterm.$$$ BACKGROUND: Adolescents and adults born as small preterm infants show more pronounced risk factors of cardiovascular disease. Whether similar risks apply across all degrees of preterm birth is poorly known. METHODS: We studied the association between preterm birth and cardiovascular risk factors in 6642 16-year-old adolescents of the population-based Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1986. Of these, 79 (1.2%) were born at <34 gestational weeks (early preterm), 238 (3.6%) at 34 to 36 weeks (late preterm), and 6325 at term (controls). RESULTS: Girls born early preterm had 6.7 mm Hg (95% confidence interval: 3.1-10.2) higher systolic blood pressure (BP) and 3.5 mm Hg (1.1-5.8) higher diastolic BP, but no difference in serum lipid levels compared with control girls. Boys showed no differences in BP, but boys born early preterm had 6.7% (0.2%-13.7%) higher total cholesterol, 11.7% (2.1%-22.3%) higher low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and 12.3% (3.1%-22.4%) higher apolipoprotein B concentrations. The differences were similar (BP) or stronger (lipids) when adjusted for maternal smoking, birth weight SD score, parental education, pubertal stage, BMI, and lifestyle. There were similar associations with length of gestation as a continuous variable. Accordingly, mean differences between late preterm and controls were in the same direction but weaker, although most were not statistically significant. CONCLUSIONS: Preterm birth was associated with elevated BP in adolescent girls and an atherogenic lipid profile in boys. Because these associations were strongest among those born early preterm, our findings are consistent with a dose-response relationship between shorter length of gestation and cardiovascular risk factors.
Impaired growth hormone secretion correlates with visceral adiposity in highly active antiretroviral treated HIV-infected adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: HIV-infected adults with lipodystrophy, characterized by excess accumulation of intra-abdominal adipose tissue (IAT), showed impaired growth hormone (GH) secretion. Data are lacking in paediatric lipodystrophy with the same features. METHODS: Twenty-five pubertal HIV-infected children were assessed for GH response (GH-AUC(0-120 min)) to arginine + GHRH testing, insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), IGF binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3), insulin, glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides, free fatty acids and nitric oxide levels. Body composition and IAT content were evaluated by dual-energy x-ray-absorptiometry and magnetic resonance imaging. An excess accumulation of IAT was defined as a value > 41 cm2. Differences between children with (V+) and without (V-) excess IAT were assessed by non-parametric tests and multivariate analysis. RESULTS Ten V+ (mean IAT, 82.5 cm2) and 15 V- (mean IAT, 26.8 cm2) were identified; they were similar for age (13.8 versus 14.8 years), body mass index (20.2 versus 19.5 kg/m2), male : female ratio (3/7 versus 8/7), months on highly active antiretroviral therapy (54.5 versus 55 months). V+ showed lower GH-AUC(0-120 min) (16.4 versus 31.6 microg x h/l; P = 0.002), lower IGF-1 concentrations (384 versus 515 ng/ml; P = 0.03) and higher insulin levels (17.8 versus 10.5 microIU/ml; P = 0.01) than V-. V+, as compared to V-, showed lower lean mass (total, P = 0.025; arms, P = 0.024; legs, P = 0.008) and higher fat mass (total, P = 0.0038; arms, P = 0.028; trunk, P < 0.0001). Lipid profile and glucose, IGFBP-3, nitric oxide and free fatty acids levels were similar in the two groups. GH-AUC(0-120 min) correlated negatively with IAT content and insulin levels. CONCLUSION: Impaired GH secretion is detectable in pubertal children with increased visceral adiposity and hyperinsulinemia. GH therapy should be considered in lipodystrophic HIV-infected children with excess IAT. FAU - Viganò, Alessandra
Menstrual and reproductive factors and type 2 diabetes risk: The Japan Public Health Center-based Prospective Study.$$$ AIMS/INTRODUCTION: Menstrual and reproductive factors, including age at menarche, parity and breast-feeding, have been linked to type 2 diabetes risk. We prospectively investigated the association between these factors and type 2 diabetes risk in a large Japanese cohort. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Participants were 37,511 women aged 45-75 years who participated in the baseline (1990-1993), second (1995-1998) and third surveys (2000-2003) of the Japan Public Health Center-based Prospective Study, and who had no history of diabetes at the second survey. Menstrual and reproductive history was ascertained using questionnaires at the baseline and second surveys. Odds ratios of self-reported, physician-diagnosed type 2 diabetes over the 5-year period from the second survey were estimated using logistic regression. RESULTS: At the third survey, 513 new cases of type 2 diabetes were self-reported. The odds ratios of type 2 diabetes tended to increase with the number of parity, after adjustment for covariates other than body mass index (P for trend = 0.029). The multivariable-adjusted odds ratios of type 2 diabetes for women with three or more births was 1.56 (95% confidence interval 0.96-2.53) compared with those who were nulliparous. The association between parity and type 2 diabetes risk was attenuated after additional adjustment for body mass index (P for trend = 0.12). No factors other than parity were significantly associated with type 2 diabetes risk. CONCLUSIONS: Higher parity might be associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes among Japanese women, partly through increasing bodyweight.
Fertility and pregnancy outcome in women with congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency.$$$ BACKGROUND: Low pregnancy rate has been reported in women with congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) and little information on pregnancy and children is known. METHODS: In a Swedish study, 62 adult women with CAH, aged 18-63 years, and 62 age-matched controls were followed-up. Medical records, including those concerning pregnancies and deliveries, were examined and the 21-hydroxylase genotype of patients was noted. All women answered a questionnaire concerning sexual and reproductive health including health of the children. RESULTS: Pregnancy and delivery rates were significantly lower in women with CAH (P < 0.001, P < 0.0056, respectively), and the severity of the 21-hydroxylase-mutation correlated with the reduced number of children born. More women with salt-wasting CAH were single and had not attempted pregnancy. Pregnancies were normal except for a significantly increased incidence of gestational diabetes in CAH patients (P < 0.0024). The children had normal birthweight and no malformations were observed. A later follow-up of the children showed a normal intellectual and social development. The sex ratio of the offspring differed significantly, with 25% boys in the CAH group compared with 56% among controls (P < 0.016). CAH women had more gynaecological morbidity during menopause. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancy and delivery rates are reduced in women with CAH mainly due to psychosocial reasons. The outcome of children did not differ from controls. The unexpected sex ratio in children born to mothers with CAH warrants further research. FAU - Hagenfeldt, K
Smoke exposure and cardio-metabolic profile in youth with type 1 diabetes.$$$ BACKGROUND: To evaluate the relationship between smoking and metabolic parameters in patients affected by type 1 diabetes (T1D). PATIENTS AND METHODS: We enrolled 104 children and young adults (50 females and 54 males) with T1D (aged 16.4 ± 8.6 years). The subjects were divided into three groups according to their smoking habits: no smoking (NS), passive smoking (PS), active smoking (AS). The physical examination of the participants included nutritional status assessment by anthropometry and pubertal stage according to Marshall and Tanner as well as blood pressure measurement. In all patients, metabolic blood assays including fasting blood glucose, insulin, total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triglycerides were measured. Insulin resistance was determined by glucose disposal rate (eGDR). Physical activity was also recorded. RESULTS: Significant differences in biochemical and functional parameters among the three groups were demonstrated, in particular for systolic (p = 0.002) and diastolic pressure (p = 0.02) and eGDR (p = 0.039). No differences in daily insulin dose (p = 0.75) and glycated hemoglobin (p = 0.39) were observed. AS group had significantly higher blood pressure (p < 0.05) and lower eGDR (p ≤ 0.001) compared to NS and PS. Significant difference was also detected between PS and NS in systolic and diastolic (p = 0.02) pressure and eGDR (p = 0.01). In a multivariable model adjusted for age, gender, BMI and physical activity, smoking habits did not maintain any independent association with metabolic parameters. CONCLUSION: This is the first study in a Mediterranean population, looking at tobacco smoke and cardio-metabolic factors in youth with T1D. The relationship between smoking and unfavorable metabolic profile was demonstrated. On the basis of these findings, smoking tobacco should be considered an important modifiable risk factor for young patients with diabetes mellitus, highlighting the need for intensified smoking prevention and cessation programs. FAU - Calcaterra, Valeria
Determinants of new onset cardiometabolic risk among normal weight children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To identify determinants for the development of "normal weight metabolically unhealthy" (NWMU) profiles among previously metabolically healthy normal weight children. METHODS: The QUALITY cohort comprises youth 8-10 years of age with a parental history of obesity (n = 630). Of these, normal weight children with no metabolic risk factors were identified and followed up 2 years later (n = 193). Children were classified as NWMU if they remained normal weight but developed at least one cardiometabolic risk factor. They were classified as normal weight metabolically healthy otherwise. Multivariable logistic regression models were used to identify whether adiposity (anthropometrics and DXA), lifestyle habits (physical activity, screen time, vegetables, and fruit- and sugar-sweetened beverages intake), fitness, and family history of cardiometabolic disease were associated with new onset NWMU. RESULTS: Of the 193 normal weight and metabolically healthy children at baseline, 45 (23%) became NWMU 2 years later (i.e., 48% had elevated HDL cholesterol, 13% had elevated triglycerides, and 4% had impaired fasting glucose). Changes in adiposity between baseline and follow-up were associated with an increased risk of NWMU for all adiposity measures examined (e.g., for ∆zBMI OR = 3.95; 95% CI: 1.76, 8.83). Similarly, a 2-year change in screen time was associated with incident NWMU status (OR = 1.24; 95% CI 1.04, 1.49). CONCLUSIONS: Children who increase their adiposity levels as they enter puberty, despite remaining normal weight, are at risk of developing cardiometabolic risk factors. Studies examining long-term consequences of NWMU profiles in pediatrics are needed to determine whether changes in screening practice are warranted. FAU - Van Hulst, Andraea
Atherogenic indices and prehypertension in obese and non-obese children.$$$ We evaluate the relationship between different lipoproteins and atherogenic indices with pre-hypertension in 297 obese and 942 non-obese children with Tanner stage 1 enrolled in a multicentre, community-based cross-sectional study. Height, weight, fasting glucose and insulin levels, total cholesterol, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c), non-HDL-c, LDL/HDL-c, triglycerides/cholesterol and total cholesterol/HDL-c ratios were measured. Mean age was 8.4 ± 1.2 years; pre-hypertension was identified in 104 (8.4%) participants, 46 (15.5%) obese and 58 (6.1%) non-obese children. The pre-hypertensive non-obese children show a high proportion of family history of hypertension (41.6 and 24.7%, p = 0.002) and elevation of insulin at a relatively low body mass index. The triglycerides:HDL-c ratio, but not other lipoproteins or atherogenic indices, was associated with pre-hypertension in obese (1.15, 95% confidence intervals 1.06-1.26) and non-obese children (1.38 95% confidence intervals 1.22-1.57). The triglycerides:HDL-c ratio is related to pre-hypertension in children; the family history of hypertension seems to be a risk factor in developing pre-hypertension. FAU - Rodríguez-Morán, Martha
Physical activity is related to insulin sensitivity in children and adolescents, independent of adiposity: a review of the literature.$$$ In adults, there is evidence that physical activity effectively improves insulin sensitivity regardless of adiposity. Whether this is also the case in children and adolescents is less clear. Clarifying this matter may help to identify the best outcomes to target in exercise programs for these age groups, where changes in adiposity may not always be desirable or realistic. A review of the literature was conducted on studies that examined the relationships of physical activity, cardiorespiratory fitness and strength with insulin sensitivity independent of adiposity in children and adolescents. Experimental (intervention) and correlational (longitudinal and cross-sectional) studies on participants ages 18 years and younger were identified. A total of 42 studies were included in this review. Sample sizes in the studies ranged from 14 to 4955 participants, with individual ages ranging from 5 to 19 years. A significant relationship with insulin sensitivity existed in 78% of studies on physical activity, 69% of studies on cardiorespiratory fitness and 66% of studies on strength. In studies that examined both physical activity and cardiorespiratory fitness concurrently, evidence suggests that they are both correlated with insulin sensitivity independent of adiposity, especially when physical activity is at higher intensities. However, the strength of this relationship might be influenced by study design, measurement techniques and participant characteristics. This is the first review of its type to take research design into account and to examine study outcomes according to participant ethnicity, gender, age, pubertal status and weight status.
Italian cross-sectional growth charts for height, weight and BMI (6-20 y).$$$ OBJECTIVE: To trace growth charts for height, weight and body mass index (BMI) that apply to the whole Italian population. Different charts were drawn for central-north and south Italy since children in central-north regions are known to be taller and leaner. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SETTING: A sample of schoolchildren covering 16 of the 20 Italian regions, with data collected between 1994 and 2000. SUBJECTS: A total of 27 421 girls and 27 374 boys, aged 6-20 y. METHODS: Height and weight were measured using portable Harpenden stadiometers and properly calibrated scales, respectively. SIEDP references are presented both as centiles and as LMS curves for the calculation of standard deviation scores. According to International Obesity Task Force, SIEDP charts for BMI include the limits for overweight and obesity, ie the centiles having, at 18 y of age, the value of 25 and 30 kg/m(2), respectively. RESULTS: The comparison between SIEDP and Tanner et al's charts for height, still in use among most Italian paediatricians, shows that before puberty Italian children are 2-4 cm taller than their English peers. Because of these differences, Tanner's charts fail to detect, when applied to Italian children, 50-90% of short children aged 6-11 y, ie with stature below the 3rd centile of their reference population. Rolland-Cachera et al's centiles for BMI are lower than those of SIEDP standards, mainly during adolescence (up to 6.6 kg/m(2) for the 97th centile), and apply poorly to Italian children. The prevalence of overweight is 27 (boys) and 19% (girls) in south Italy vs 17 (boys) and 10% (girls) in central-north Italy. CONCLUSIONS: These references intend to supply Italian paediatricians with a tool that avoids the use of outdated or inadequate charts, and thus should be suitable for monitoring their patients' growth. SPONSORSHIP: Italian Society for Pediatric Endocrinology and Diabetes (SIEDP). FAU - Cacciari, E
Intrabdominal fat is related to metabolic risk factors in Hispanic Americans, African Americans and in girls.$$$ AIM: This study aimed to test the association of individual adipose depots on cardiometabolic outcomes, whether the association varied by depot and if the associations differed by race/ethnicity or gender in early pubertal children. METHODS: Three hundred and twenty children (53% male) aged 7-12 years self-identified as African American (AA; n = 114), European American (EA; n = 120) or Hispanic American (HA; n = 86) participated. Insulin dynamics were assessed by intravenous glucose tolerance test; body composition with DXA; fat distribution with CT. RESULTS: AA had the least fat in each depot and HA had the most. Fat accumulation negatively impacted cardiometabolic outcomes independent of race/ethnicity or gender. AA and females were reproductively more mature. In AA and HA, each measure of adiposity influenced the insulin sensitivity index (S(I)), whereas intra-abdominal adipose tissue (IAAT) did not contribute to S(I) in EA. IAAT was positively associated with blood pressure in AA only. In females, adiposity adversely influenced cardiometabolic outcomes such that total fat mass, IAAT and/or SAAT was inversely associated with S(I), and positively associated with blood pressure and fasting insulin. CONCLUSION: IAAT is uniquely related to metabolic risk factors in Hispanic Americans, African Americans and girls, suggesting that either the threshold for adverse effects of IAAT is lower, or the IAAT metabolism differs in these groups. FAU - Casazza, K
Determinant factors of insufficient and excessive gestational weight gain and maternal-child adverse outcomes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To estimate the magnitude and determinant factors of insufficient and excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) and its relation with maternal-child adverse outcomes. METHODS: This was a prospective study with 173 pregnant women and their newborns monitored at a primary health care facility in Rio de Janeiro. Multinomial regression models were employed, having as the outcome the adequacy of GWG (insufficient, adequate, or excessive). Covariables were classified as biological, socioeconomic, reproductive, behavioral, and nutritional. RESULTS: Forty-one percent of pregnant women had insufficient GWG and 22.0% had excessive GWG. Pregestational overweight was associated with insufficient GWG (odds ratio [OR] 0.19, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.05-0.78), and pregestational obesity was associated with excessive GWG (OR 4.66, 95% CI 1.34-19.08). Also associated with insufficient GWG were a stature <157 cm (OR 2.25, 95% CI 1.03-4.93) and ages 25-29 y (OR 3.70, 95% CI 1.26-10.84) and >or=30 y (OR 2.88, 95% CI 1.13-7.35) compared with the reference group (18-24 y). Age <12 y at menarche (OR 4.97, 95% CI 1.51-16.30) and being a former smoker (OR 5.18, 95% CI 1.62-16.52) demonstrated an association with excessive GWG compared with non-smokers (reference group). Sixty percent of pregnant women with excessive GWG delivered by cesarean section compared with 39.8% with adequate or insufficient GWG (P < 0.05). Prevalence of macrosomia in the excessive GWG group was 23.5% compared with 4.5% for pregnant women with insufficient GWG (P < 0.001). CONCLUSION: Different determinant factors related to insufficient and excessive GWG were observed, which can be identified in the beginning of pregnancy, thus predicting unfavorable gestational outcomes. An increased percentage of women presented GWGs outside recommended levels.
Reaching the Tipping Point: Identification of Thresholds at which Visceral Adipose Tissue May Steeply Increase in Youth.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to determine whether children and adolescents demonstrate, similarly to adults, a threshold of total percent body fat (%BF) above which the slope of visceral adipose tissue (VAT) rises. METHODS: This cross-sectional study included 557 youth, aged 8 to 18 years, with a wide range of BMI values. Dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry was used to determine body composition (including VAT), and fasting blood was collected for measurement of lipids, glucose, insulin, and biomarkers. Segmented linear regression analysis identified the threshold for %BF unadjusted and adjusted for Tanner stage. Linear regression with robust variance estimation compared associations of risk factors and thresholds. RESULTS: Thresholds of %BF were identified by sex (males = 33%, females = 38%), age (< 12 years = 34%; ≥ 12 years = 30%), and race (White/non-Hispanic = 31%; all other races/Hispanic = 38%) above which the slope of VAT was significantly steeper (all P < 0 .001). The percentage of total body fat stored as VAT was higher above versus below these thresholds (all P < 0.001). Above threshold, but not below it, VAT was associated with triglycerides/high-density lipoprotein ratio, insulin, adiponectin, and blood pressure. CONCLUSIONS: The thresholds should be confirmed in longitudinal studies, and they may be useful in identifying youth at increased cardiometabolic risk in need of close clinical monitoring and/or intensive intervention to reduce excess adiposity.
A cross-sectional study of growth, puberty and endocrine function in patients with thalassaemia major in Hong Kong.$$$ METHODOLOGY: A cross-sectional study of growth, puberty and endocrine function was performed on 35 girls and 33 boys with thalassaemia major. RESULTS: Despite regular transfusion and chelation therapy, 75% of the girls and 62% of the boys over the age of 12 years were below the third percentile for height. Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism was found in a similar percentage of patients. Moderate to marked zinc deficiency secondary to chelation therapy was considered unlikely because normal serum zinc levels were found in all but three of our patients, but we could not exclude the possibility of a marginal status of zinc nutrition causing growth failure. Growth hormone deficiency and diabetes mellitus were sometimes encountered but hypothyroidism, hypoparathyroidism and adrenal insufficiency were rare among our patients. Most of the patients with growth failure had normal growth hormone (GH) response to insulin induced hypoglycaemia. The serum insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) levels were low in our patients and no significant difference in the serum IGF-1 levels was found between prepubertal children with or without growth failure (0.4 +/- 0.1 mU/mL vs 0.37 +/- 0.11 mU/mL, P = 0.39). Similarly, no difference in the serum IGF-1 levels was found between pubertal children with or without growth failure (0.48 +/- 0.2 U/mL vs 0.56 +/- 0.14 U/mL, P = 0.26). CONCLUSIONS: Delayed sexual maturation and a possible defect in growth unrelated to the GH-IGF-1 axis may be responsible for the growth failure in adolescent children with thalassaemia major. FAU - Kwan, E Y
Changes in body mass index are associated with changes in inflammatory and endothelial dysfunction biomarkers in obese prepubertal children after 9 months of body mass index SD score loss.$$$ The metabolic syndrome is associated with insulin resistance, a systemic low-grade inflammatory state, and endothelial dysfunction. These disorders may arise at a very early age in obese children. The aim of this study was to confirm changes in endothelial dysfunction and inflammatory biomarkers in obese prepubertal children and to evaluate the effect of body mass index (BMI) modification on these biomarkers. Biomarkers for inflammation, endothelial dysfunction, and insulin resistance were measured in obese children (47) and healthy controls (47). Baseline pretreatment levels of insulin (P = .019), homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (P = .004), soluble intercellular adhesion molecule (sICAM) (P = .003), and C-reactive protein (CRP) (P < .001) were significantly higher in obese children than in controls. After 9 months of treatment, obese children with lowered BMI SD score (SDS-BMI) displayed a significant decrease in insulin (P = .011), homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (P = .012), CRP (P = .006), and interleukin-6 (IL-6) (P = .045) levels compared with obese children with stable SDS-BMI; they also displayed a nonsignificant drop in sICAM levels. Similarly, obese children with lowered SDS-BMI displayed a decrease in CRP (P = .005) and IL-6 (P = .065) compared with baseline levels before treatment. In the total obese group, changes in SDS-BMI correlated positively with changes in CRP (P = .035), IL-6 (P = .027), and sICAM-1 (P = .038) levels. Only SDS-BMI was an independent predictive factor for CRP (P = .031), IL-6 (P = .027), and sICAM-1 (P = .033). Prepubertal obese children displayed alterations indicative of endothelial dysfunction, insulin resistance, and inflammatory state. Lowering of the SDS-BMI after 9 months of treatment was associated with an improvement in these variables compared with those in obese children with stable SDS-BMI status. FAU - Martos, Rosario
TCF7L2 polymorphism rs7903146 and predisposition for type 2 diabetes mellitus in obese children.$$$ Polymorphism RS7903146 in transcription factor 7-like2 gene ( TCF7L2) is associated with type 2-diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in adults. Concerned with predisposition for diabetes mellitus in obese children, we tested if risk genotypes TC and TT of rs7903146 are more common in obese children with increased homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR) compared to obese controls with normal HOMA-IR. As exploratory analysis, we also calculated beta-cell function for these risk genotypes and measured glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) in a subgroup. The cohort was 401 obese children (BMI > 2SDS; 211 female; 59% presenting increased HOMA-IR) from two German outpatient obesity referral centers. Genotype distributions in patients presenting increased HOMA-IR (TT: 10.18%, CT: 35.65%, CC: 54.17%) and in patients with normal HOMA-IR (TT: 8.66%, CT: 42.67%, CC: 48.67%) provided no significant effect of these two risk genotypes (p > 0.2). Correction for possible confounder's gender, age, pubertal stage, and BMI revealed no association with glucose metabolism parameters including GLP-1. However, exploratory HOMA-B% index was comparatively higher in TT-homozygotes (p=0.021) as compared to CC-homozygotes. We conclude that even though TT and CT genotypes were not higher in patients presenting elevated HOMA-IR, the higher HOMA-B% index in TT-homozygotes indicates TCF7L2 to be a susceptibility gene for the development of impaired glucose tolerance in obese children as demonstrated in several adult cohort studies. FAU - Roth, C L
GH deficiency status combined with GH receptor polymorphism affects response to GH in children.$$$ Meta-analysis has shown a modest improvement in first-year growth response to recombinant human GH (r-hGH) for carriers of the exon 3-deleted GH receptor (GHRd3) polymorphism but with significant interstudy variability. The associations between GHRd3 and growth response to r-hGH over 3 years in relation to severity of GH deficiency (GHD) were investigated in patients from 14 countries. Treatment-naïve pre-pubertal children with GHD were enrolled from the PREDICT studies (NCT00256126 and NCT00699855), categorized by peak GH level (peak GH) during provocation test: ≤4 μg/l (severe GHD; n=45) and >4 to <10 μg/l mild GHD; n=49) and genotyped for the GHRd3 polymorphism (full length (fl/fl, fl/d3, d3/d3). Gene expression (GE) profiles were characterized at baseline. Changes in growth (height (cm) and SDS) over 3 years were measured. There was a dichotomous influence of GHRd3 polymorphism on response to r-hGH, dependent on peak GH level. GH peak level (higher vs lower) and GHRd3 (fl/fl vs d3 carriers) combined status was associated with height change over 3 years (P<0.05). GHRd3 carriers with lower peak GH had lower growth than subjects with fl/fl (median difference after 3 years -3.3 cm; -0.3 SDS). Conversely, GHRd3 carriers with higher peak GH had better growth (+2.7 cm; +0.2 SDS). Similar patterns were observed for GH-dependent biomarkers. GE profiles were significantly different between the groups, indicating that the interaction between GH status and GHRd3 carriage can be identified at a transcriptomic level. This study demonstrates that responses to r-hGH depend on the interaction between GHD severity and GHRd3 carriage.
Inflammatory adipokines, high molecular weight adiponectin, and insulin resistance: a population-based survey in prepubertal schoolchildren.$$$ BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to investigate sex differences and associations of high molecular weight (HMW) adiponectin, leptin and proinflammatory adipokines, individually or in combinations, with adiposity and insulin resistance (IR) measures in prepubertal childhood. METHODOLOGY: We studied 305 prepubertal children (boys/girls: 144/161; Tanner stage 1; age: 5-13 yr), included in a cohort of 44,231 adolescents who participated in an extensive Italian school-based survey. According to Cole's criteria, 105 individuals were lean (L; boys/girls: 59/46), 60 overweight (OW; boys/girls: 32/28) and 140 obese (OB; boys/girls: 70/70). Measurements comprised total and HMW adiponectin, leptin, as well as a panel of proinflammatory adipokines/chemokines associated with diabetes risk. PRINCIPAL FINDINGS: Leptin-, and the leptin-to-HMW adiponectin ratio (L/HMW)-, increased progressively (p<0.0001) from L to OW to OB boys and girls. When compared with L peers, OW and OB girls exhibited lower (p<0.001) HMW adiponectin levels, while in boys the HMW multimers did not differ significantly across the BMI-stratified groups. OB girls displayed higher (p<0.05) IL-8, IL-18, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) and soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 levels (sICAM-1) than L girls, whereas increased macrophage migration inhibitory factor (MIF) concentrations in OB vs OW boys were seen. HMW adiponectin (negatively), leptin or inflammatory markers (positively) correlated with adiposity and IR measures. In multivariate models, leptin represented a strong and independent determinant of HOMA-IR (R(2) 0.378; p<0.01). Adjustment for age, BMI(z-score), lipids and inflammatory mediators abolished the association between leptin and HOMA-IR in boys, while in girls leptin remained still a significant predictor of IR (R(2) 0.513; p<0.01). Finally, in both sexes, the joint effect of the L/HMW did not improve the prediction of basal IR as compared with leptin levels alone, which were mainly explained by the BMI(z-score.) CONCLUSIONS: In prepubertal children, leptin emerges as a sex-independent discrimination marker of adiposity degree and as a useful, sex-associated predictor of the systemic insulin resistance. FAU - Murdolo, Giuseppe
Short-term effects of GH treatment on coagulation, fibrinolysis, inflammation biomarkers, and insulin resistance status in prepubertal children with GH deficiency.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aims of this study was to determine whether prepubertal GH deficiency (GHD) children showed any impairment in coagulation- and fibrinolysis-related parameters and in inflammatory and insulin resistance markers and to evaluate the effect of short-term GH therapy on these parameters. DESIGN: This was a 6-month, prospective, observational, case-control study (36 prepubertal children with GHD and 38 healthy prepubertal children with no differences in BMI). Comparison of study parameter values in GHD AND control groups at baseline and after 6 months of GH treatment in the GHD group. The following were analyzed: glucose, insulin, fibrinogen, absolute plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 (aPAI-1), von Willebrand factor (vWF), homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index, C-reactive protein (CRP), and interleukin 6 (IL6) levels. RESULTS: Children with GHD showed higher baseline levels of aPAI-1 and fibrinogen and lower levels of glucose, insulin, and HOMA-IR index than healthy controls. No intergroup differences were found for vWF. After 6 months of treatment, aPAI-1 levels were lower but no changes were observed in fibrinogen or vWF levels, which were similar to those of controls. Glucose levels increased, though not significantly, while insulin levels and HOMA-IR index rose to normal levels. A positive correlation was found between changes in insulin status/HOMA-IR index and levels of aPAI-1, fibrinogen, vWF, CRP, and IL6. CONCLUSIONS: At early ages, GH therapy appears to exert beneficial effects on the amount of aPAI-1. At the same time, it increases the state of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR index) without modifying the levels of fibrinogen, vWF, CRP, and IL6. FAU - Cañete, Ramón
Glucose homeostasis in GHD children during long-term replacement therapy: a case-control study.$$$ PURPOSE: To evaluate glucose homeostasis in children with growth hormone (GH) deficiency (GHD) receiving long-term replacement therapy. METHODS: We evaluated glucose, insulin, HOmeostasis Model Assessment (HOMA-IR), and HbA1c in 100 GHD children at diagnosis and during 5 years of therapy. One hundred healthy children comparable to patients were evaluated at baseline and after 1 and 5 years. RESULTS: No difference was detected at baseline between GHD patients and controls in glucose (79.58 ± 9.96 vs. 77.18 ± 8.20 mg/dl), insulin (4.50 ± 3.24 vs. 4.30 ± 2.60 µU/ml), HbA1c (5.20 ± 0.31 vs. 5.25 ± 0.33%) levels, and HOMA-IR (0.93 ± 0.72 vs. 0.86 ± 0.61). One year of GH was associated with a significant increase in insulin (7.21 ± 4.84, p < 0.001) and HOMA-IR (1.32 ± 0.98, p < 0.001) in GHD children, which became different from controls (p < 0.001 and p = 0.004). These parameters did not change further during the following years of treatment in GHD subjects. In contrast, controls did not show significant changes in insulin (4.40 ± 2.60) and HOMA-IR (0.82 ± 0.60) during the first year; however, at the fifth year of the study a significant increase in insulin (6.50 ± 3.50, p = 0.004) and HOMA-IR (1.29 ± 0.54, p < 0.001) was documented, making these parameters comparable between patients and controls. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that growth hormone (GH) treatment is not associated with significant impairment of insulin sensitivity in GHD children. The slight impairment observed in GHD adolescents after long-term GH is comparable to that physiologically occurring in healthy pubertal subjects. FAU - Capalbo, Donatella
Markers of cardiovascular risk, insulin resistance, and ventricular dysfunction and remodeling in obese adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To test our hypothesis that obese adolescents have left ventricular (LV) dysfunction and remodeling that are associated with markers of cardiovascular risk and insulin resistance (IR). STUDY DESIGN: In a cross-sectional study of 44 obese and 14 lean age-, sex-, Tanner stage-, and race-matched adolescents, IR, markers of cardiovascular risks, conventional and 2-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography measures of LV function and structure were evaluated and compared. RESULTS: The obese adolescents had significantly increased body mass index Z-score, systolic blood pressure, fasting insulin, IR, and atherogenic lipids compared with the lean adolescents. A subgroup of obese adolescents had LV remodeling characterized by significantly increased LV mass index (g/m(2.7)) and relative wall thickness. Almost all obese adolescents had LV dysfunction with peak LV global longitudinal strain (GLS, %), systolic GLS rate (GLSR, %/s), and early diastolic GLSR significantly lower than in lean adolescents and in the normal pediatric population. Body mass index Z-score predicted LV remodeling (LV mass index [R(2) = 0.34] and relative wall thickness [R(2) 0.10]), and peak LV GLS (R(2) 0.15), and along with systolic blood pressure, predicted systolic GLSR (R(2) 0.16); (P ≤ .01 for all). Fasting insulin predicted early diastolic GLSR (R(2) 0.17, P ≤ .01). CONCLUSIONS: Obese adolescents have subclinical ventricular dysfunction associated with the severity of obesity, increased systolic blood pressure, and IR. Ventricular remodeling is present in a subgroup of obese adolescents in association with the severity of obesity. These findings suggest that obesity may have an early impact on the cardiovascular health of obese adolescents.
Copeptin in obese children and adolescents: relationships to body mass index, cortisol and gender.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Copeptin has been reported to be associated with stress, obesity and the metabolic syndrome (MetS) in adults. However, data in childhood are scarce. Therefore, we studied the relationships between copeptin, cortisol, puberty and parameters of the MetS in children. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. PATIENTS: A total of 51 obese children (10·8 ± 3·2 years, 39% male, 45% prepubertal, body mass index standard deviation score (BMI-SDS) 2·77 ± 0·56) and 24 lean children of similar age, gender and pubertal stage. MEASUREMENTS: Copeptin, serum cortisol, 24-h urinary free cortisol, BMI-SDS and, as parameters of the MetS, insulin resistance index (HOMA), HbA1c, uric acids, blood pressure and lipids. RESULTS: Copeptin levels were significantly (P = 0·047) higher in obese children (5·8 ± 2·8pmol/l) compared to lean children (4·6 ± 2·2pmol/l). BMI-SDS (β-coefficient 0·38 ± 0·35, P =0·033), but not any parameter of the MetS, was significantly related to copeptin in multiple linear regression analyses adjusted for age, gender and pubertal stage. A 24-h urinary free cortisol (β-coefficient 0·13 ± 0·06, P < 0·001), but not serum cortisol, was significantly related to copeptin in multiple linear regression analyses adjusted for age, gender, pubertal stage and BMI-SDS. Pubertal boys (6·6 ± 2·8pmol/l) demonstrated significantly (P = 0·042) higher copeptin levels compared to pubertal girls (4·8 ± 2·6pmol/l), while copeptin concentrations did not differ between prepubertal girls and boys. CONCLUSIONS: Copeptin levels are related to 24-h urinary free cortisol in obese children. Pubertal boys, but not prepubertal boys, demonstrated higher copeptin levels than girls, suggesting that sex hormones are involved in the regulation of copeptin levels. Further studies are necessary to understand the relationship between obesity, cortisol, gender, pubertal stage and copeptin levels.
Dental maturity in children of short stature, with or without growth hormone deficiency.$$$ The aim of this investigation was to study dental maturity in healthy prepubertal children of short stature (height<-2 SD), with or without growth hormone (GH) deficiency, compared to healthy controls. The GH-deficient group (GH level<10.0 microg/l) included 29 children (11 female, 18 male) with a mean age of 10.2+/-2.2 years. The GH non-deficient group consisted of 17 children (5 female, 12 male) with a mean age of 8.5+/-2.1 years. All the children were evaluated for serum concentrations of IGF-1, alkaline phosphatase (ALP), triiodthyronin (T3), thyroxine (T4), thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), and fasting plasma insulin; height and bone age were also recorded. Dental maturity was determined from panoramic radiographs. The mean difference between the dental and chronological ages was -0.67+/-0.89 years in the GH-deficient group compared to 0.23+/-1.07 years in their controls: in the GH non-deficient group the difference was -0.95+/-0.82 years compared to controls 0.16+/-1.06 years in their controls. Compared to chronological age, both bone and dental age were lower in the GH-deficient and GH non-deficient groups. It is concluded that children of short stature, both GH-deficient and GH non-deficient. exhibit a delayed dental age compared to their chronological age- and sex-matched controls. A multiple stepwise regression analysis showed that the sitting height and GH level were the only significant factors associated with dental maturity. FAU - Krekmanova, L
Diet and cardiometabolic side effects in children treated with second-generation antipsychotics.$$$ BACKGROUND: Second-generation antipsychotic (SGA) treatment in children is associated with metabolic side effects including weight gain, dyslipidemia, and insulin resistance. The objective of this study is to determine if SGA treatment in children affects dietary intakes and relationship to metabolic side effects. METHODS: Three-day food records assessed dietary energy and macronutrient intakes in a cross-sectional population of SGA-treated (n = 35) and SGA-naïve (n = 29) children. RESULTS: SGA-treated children had more overweight/obesity (BMI ≥ 85th percentile for age and sex, p = 0.001); waist circumference (WC) ≥ 90th percentile for age and sex (p = 0.007); waist:height ratio (WHtR) ≥ 85th percentile for age and sex (p = 0.004), greater HOMA-IR, (p = 0.001) and plasma triglycerides (p = 0.017), and lower plasma HDL (p = 0.029). Dietary energy intakes were not different between SGA-naïve and SGA-treated children [1734 ± 486 vs 1971 ± 649 (-135, 408) kcal/day, mean ± SD (95% CI)] after adjustments for sex, age, Tanner stage, psychostimulant use, and height. Similarly, no differences in macronutrient intakes were observed. In models adjusted for SGA treatment and physical activity, no relationships between dietary intakes and BMI were found, but dietary total energy intakes were positively associated with waist circumference z-scores (p = 0.019), systolic blood pressure z-scores (p = 0.028, also adjusted for BMI) and HOMA-IR (p = 0.013, also adjusted for age, sex, BMI). All of the children had poor diets with 87.5% having >7% of daily energy from saturated fat; 62.5% having >20% of daily energy from sugar; and almost 60% having sodium intakes above the tolerable upper intake level. CONCLUSIONS: SGA treatment is not associated with greater dietary energy intakes in children. However, dietary energy intakes are associated with greater waist circumference and systolic blood pressure z-scores and HOMA-IR in children with mental health conditions.
Association of Dyslipidemia and Glucose Abnormalities With Antiretroviral Treatment in a Cohort of HIV-Infected Latin American Children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To estimate the incidence of lipid and glucose abnormalities and assess their association with exposure to antiretroviral (ARV) regimens among perinatally HIV-infected Latin American children. DESIGN: Longitudinal cohort study. METHODS: Data were analyzed from the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development International Site Development Initiative Pediatric Latin American Countries Epidemiologic Study. The incidence of dyslipidemia [total cholesterol >200 mg/dL, HDL < 35 mg/dL, LDL ≥ 130 mg/dL, triglycerides > 110 mg/dL (age < 10 years) or >150 mg/dL (≥10 years)] and fasting glucose abnormalities [homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance >2.5 (Tanner stage 1) or >4.0 (Tanner stage > 1); impaired glucose: 110 to <126 mg/dL; diabetes: ≥126 mg/dL] was estimated. Proportional hazards regression was used to evaluate the risk of abnormalities associated with ARV regimen, adjusted for covariates. RESULTS: There were 385 children eligible for analysis (mean age 6.6 years). Incident cholesterol abnormalities were reported in 18.1% of participants [95% confidence interval (CI): 14.1% to 22.8%], HDL and LDL cholesterol abnormalities in 19.6% (15.1%-24.7%) and 15.0% (11.3%-19.5%), respectively, and triglyceride abnormalities in 44.2% (37.7%-50.8%). In multivariable analysis, ARV regimen was only associated with triglyceride abnormalities; participants receiving a protease inhibitor (PI)-containing regimen were 3.6 times as likely to experience a triglyceride abnormality as those receiving no ARVs (95% CI: 1.3 to 10.5; P = 0.0167). The cumulative incidence of insulin resistance was 3.8% (1.8%-7.1%); there were no incident cases of diabetes and only 2 of impaired fasting glucose. CONCLUSIONS: Children receiving PI-containing regimens were at increased risk of developing triglyceride abnormalities. Continued monitoring of lipid levels in children receiving PI-containing regimens appears warranted. FAU - Paganella, Machline P
Genomic analyses identify hundreds of variants associated with age at menarche and support a role for puberty timing in cancer risk.$$$ The timing of puberty is a highly polygenic childhood trait that is epidemiologically associated with various adult diseases. Using 1000 Genomes Project-imputed genotype data in up to ∼370,000 women, we identify 389 independent signals (P < 5 × 10(-8)) for age at menarche, a milestone in female pubertal development. In Icelandic data, these signals explain ∼7.4% of the population variance in age at menarche, corresponding to ∼25% of the estimated heritability. We implicate ∼250 genes via coding variation or associated expression, demonstrating significant enrichment in neural tissues. Rare variants near the imprinted genes MKRN3 and DLK1 were identified, exhibiting large effects when paternally inherited. Mendelian randomization analyses suggest causal inverse associations, independent of body mass index (BMI), between puberty timing and risks for breast and endometrial cancers in women and prostate cancer in men. In aggregate, our findings highlight the complexity of the genetic regulation of puberty timing and support causal links with cancer susceptibility. FAU - Day, Felix R
Consumption of caffeinated and artificially sweetened soft drinks is associated with risk of early menarche.$$$ BACKGROUND: Early menarche has been linked to risk of several chronic diseases. Prospective research on whether the intake of soft drinks containing caffeine, a modulator of the female reproductive axis, is associated with risk of early menarche is sparse. OBJECTIVE: We examined the hypothesis that consumption of caffeinated soft drinks in childhood is associated with higher risk of early menarche. DESIGN: The National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Growth and Health Study recruited and enrolled 2379 (1213 African American, 1166 Caucasian) girls aged 9-10 y (from Richmond, CA; Cincinnati, OH; and Washington, DC) and followed them for 10 y. After exclusions were made, there were 1988 girls in whom we examined prospective associations between consumption of caffeinated and noncaffeinated sugar- and artificially sweetened soft drinks and early menarche (defined as menarche age <11 y). We also examined associations between intakes of caffeine, sucrose, fructose, and aspartame and early menarche. RESULTS: Incident early menarche occurred in 165 (8.3%) of the girls. After adjustment for confounders and premenarcheal percentage body fat, greater consumption of caffeinated soft drinks was associated with a higher risk of early menarche (RR for 1 serving/d increment: 1.47; 95% CI: 1.22, 1.79). Consumption of artificially sweetened soft drinks was also positively associated with risk of early menarche (RR for 1 serving/d increment: 1.43; 95% CI: 1.08, 1.88). Consumption of noncaffeinated soft drinks was not significantly associated with early menarche (RR for 1 serving/d increment: 0.88; 95% CI: 0.62, 1.25); nor was consumption of sugar-sweetened soft drinks (RR for 1 serving/d increment: 1.15; 95% CI: 0.95, 1.39). Consistent with the beverage findings, intakes of caffeine (RR for 1-SD increment: 1.22; 95% CI: 1.08, 1.37) and aspartame (RR for 1-SD increment: 1.20; 95% CI: 1.10, 1.31) were positively associated with risk of early menarche. CONCLUSION: Consumption of caffeinated and artificially sweetened soft drinks was positively associated with risk of early menarche in a US cohort of African American and Caucasian girls.
Prevalence of dyslipidemia in non-obese prepubertal children and its association with family history of diabetes, high blood pressure, and obesity.$$$ BACKGROUND: Because obesity masks the need for screening, there is no previous description of dyslipidemia in healthy normal-weight children. The aims of this study were a) to determine the prevalence of disorders in lipid profile among non-obese prepubertal children, and b) to establish its association with the family history (FH) of high blood pressure (HBP), type 2 diabetes (T2-DM), and obesity. METHODS: A random sample of 439 healthy normal-weight children, 218 girls and 221 boys, aged 10-13 years and Tanner stage 1-2 were enrolled in a community-based cross-sectional study carried out in Durango, in northern Mexico. For verifying accuracy of FH, a direct detailed medical history including anthropometric and laboratory measurements was directly obtained from both parents. RESULTS: Among parents, prevalence (95% CI) of T2-DM, HBP, and obesity was 8.3% (3.5-14.3), 14.2% (8.6-24.6), and 28.5% (24-33), and for hypercholesterolemia, low HDL-cholesterol, high LDL-cholesterol, hypertriglyceridemia, and mixed hyperlipidemia 17.9 % (15-20), 27.8% (25-30), 14.3% (12-16), 32.3% (29-35), and 9.8 % (8-12), respectively. Among children, prevalence (95% CI) for high total cholesterol, low HDL-cholesterol, high LDL-cholesterol, isolated hypertriglyceridemia, and mixed hyperlipidemia was 15.9% (12.6-19.5); 6.2% (4.0-8.5); 14.6% (11.4-18.0); 9.3% (6.7-12.2); and 3.6% (2.1-5.8), respectively. Sex- and birth weight-adjusted odds ratio (95% CI) showed that FH of T2-DM, but not of HBP and obesity, was associated with hypercholesterolemia (2.1; 1.2-6.2), low HDL-cholesterol (1.8; 1.1-5.7), and hypertriglyceridemia (2.3; 1.1-6.4). CONCLUSIONS: Non-obese children in this sample display a high prevalence of abnormalities in lipid profile associated with FH of T2-DM. FAU - Guerrero-Romero, Fernando
Increase in free insulin-like growth factor-I levels in precocious and normal puberty.$$$ Previously we reported a high ratio of free insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) to total IGF-I (f/t IGF-I ratio) during early infancy when rapid growth is observed, indicating that high levels of free IGF-I (fIGF-I) may be related to the growth of infants. Rapid growth is also observed during puberty. The purpose of this study is to investigate a possible relationship between pubertal growth and fIGF-I. Here, fIGF-I and total IGF-I (tIGF-I), the f/t IGF-I ratio and proteolysis of IGFBP-3 were studied in the circulation of patients with precocious puberty and normal pubertal subjects, and they were compared with those of prepubertal and adult populations. Higher absolute plasma fIGF-I values were observed in the pubertal children (3.89+/-1.09 ng/ml, N=45) than in the normal prepubertal children (2.06+/-1.01 ng/ml, N=31; P<0.05) and adults (2.18+/-0.68 ng/ml, N=49; P<0.05). Furthermore, there was a correlation between the levels of fIGF-I and height velocity in the prepubertal and pubertal groups (r=0.722, N=76, P<0.0001). Compared to the f/t IGF-I in the prepubertal and adult populations, no increase in f/t IGF-I ratios was observed, and the proteolysis of IGFBP-3 was not detected in sera from the pubertal children. These data suggest that the increase in the absolute levels of fIGF-I is related to pubertal growth. FAU - Yamada, M
The debate on the link between subclinical hypothyroidism and childhood migraine: is initial endocrinological evaluation necessary for children with migraine?$$$ Subclinical hypothyroidism (SH) is characterized by mildly elevated thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) levels with normal serum-free thyroxine (fT4). While the prevalence of SH is 2 % in pediatric population, it has been reported much higher in children with migraine headache. In this study, the presence of subclinical hypothyroidism and associated endocrinological abnormalities in children with migraine naïve to treatment was investigated. Children with migraine who were diagnosed in Pediatric Neurology Clinic based on the second edition of the International Classification of Headache Disorders and who did not receive any medication were recruited in this cross-sectional study. All patients were examined by the same pediatric endocrinologist and anthropometric measurements, systemic blood pressure, pubertal stages were recorded. Fasting serum levels of thyroid function tests, lipids, glucose and insulin were obtained. Ninety-eight children (55 female) with a mean age of 11.45 ± 3.1 years were evaluated. Of those, 39 were prepubertal and 59 were pubertal. Subclinical hypothyroidism (TSH ≥ 5.0 mIU/L with normal fT4) was detected in five patients (5.1 %); none had positive thyroid antibodies. Other conditions were obesity (n = 6), hirsutism (n = 4), short stature (n = 3), polycystic ovaries (PCO, n = 3), precocious puberty (n = 2) and gynecomastia (n = 1). Of five patients with SH, only one had obesity. Our results revealed that the prevalence of SH in children with migraine is not as high as previously reported. Since no significant endocrinologic disturbance was found in those children, we suggest that the initial endocrinological evaluation or screening for SH is unnecessary. FAU - Ekici, Bariş
Metabolomic profiles and development of metabolic risk during the pubertal transition: a prospective study in the ELEMENT Project.$$$ OBJECTIVES: (1) Examine associations of a branched-chain amino acid (BCAA) metabolite pattern with metabolic risk across adolescence; (2) use Least Absolute Shrinkage and Selection Operator (LASSO) to identify novel metabolites of metabolic risk. METHODS: We used linear regression to examine associations of a BCAA score with change (∆) in metabolic biomarkers over 5-year follow-up in 179 adolescents 8-14 years at baseline. Next, we applied LASSO, a regularized regression technique well suited for reduction of high-dimensional data, to identify metabolite predictors of ∆biomarkers. RESULTS: In boys, the BCAA score corresponded with decreasing C-peptide, C-peptide-based insulin resistance (CP-IR), total cholesterol (TC), and low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL). In pubertal girls, the BCAA pattern corresponded with increasing C-peptide and leptin. LASSO identified asparagine as a predictor of decreasing C-peptide (β = -0.33) and CP-IR (β = -0.012), and acetyl-carnitine (β = 2.098), 4-hydroxyproline (β = -0.050), ornithine (β = -0.353), and α-aminoisobutyric acid (β = -0.793) as determinants of TC in boys. In girls, histidine was a negative determinant of TC (β = -0.033). CONCLUSIONS: The BCAA pattern was associated with ∆glycemia and ∆lipids in a sex-specific manner. LASSO identified asparagine, which influences growth hormone secretion, as a determinant of decreasing C-peptide and CP-IR in boys, and metabolites on lipid metabolism pathways as determinants of decreasing cholesterol in both sexes. FAU - Perng, Wei
Risk for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in Hispanic youth with BMI > or =95th percentile.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To characterize children at risk for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and to explore possible mechanisms underlying the development of NAFLD in Hispanic youth with a body mass index > or =95th percentile. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Hispanic nonoverweight (n = 475) and overweight (n = 517) children, ages 4 to 19 y, were characterized in terms of body composition (dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry), maturation (Tanner stage), diet (24-h recall), physical activity (accelerometry), fitness (maximal oxygen uptake), and biochemical profile (fasting alanine aminotransferase [ALT], glucose, insulin, and lipids; inflammation markers such as adiponectin, leptin, C-reactive protein, and soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1; and total antioxidants) using standard laboratory techniques. Risk for NAFLD was defined by fasting serum ALT values >97.5th percentile for age- and sex-specific reference values. RESULTS: Fasting serum ALT was elevated in 24% of overweight children and in only 4% of nonoverweight children. Therefore, to identify risk factors associated with elevated ALT, the remaining statistical analysis was restricted to the overweight group. The percentage of overweight children with elevated ALT did not differ by sex, age, or Tanner stage. Weight, body mass index, z score, waist-to-hip ratio, fat-free mass, fat mass, and percent truncal fat mass were higher in the overweight children with elevated ALT. Fasting insulin, glucose, and homeostasis model-insulin resistance were higher in the overweight children with elevated ALT, as were triglycerides, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein, thyroid-stimulating hormone, and triiodothyronine. Fasting serum leptin, C-reactive protein, and soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 were significantly higher and adiponectin was lower in the overweight children with elevated ALT. CONCLUSIONS: The risk for developing NAFLD was high in the overweight Hispanic children. The proportion of "at risk" children was not influenced by gender, age, or maturation. The risk for elevated ALT was predicted by the severity of obesity, central adiposity, hyperinsulinemia, hypertriglyceridemia, elevated thyroid-stimulating hormone, and systemic inflammation. FAU - Quirós-Tejeira, Rubén E
Morphologic and metabolic abnormalities in vertically HIV-infected children and youth.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare the distribution of lipid and glucose abnormalities and altered fat distribution among vertically HIV-infected patients and controls. DESIGN: Cross-sectional multicenter study on HIV-infected (HIV-positive) patients, 7-24 years of age, stratified by Tanner stage and protease inhibitor use (protease inhibitor, n = 161 and non- protease inhibitor, n = 79) and seronegative controls (HIV-negative, n = 146). METHODS: Measurements included fasting lipids, glucose, insulin, 2-h oral glucose tolerance test, dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, anthropometry, and antiretroviral therapy and medical histories. Multiple linear regression models were used to compare distributions between HIV-positive and HIV-negative groups. RESULTS: Both HIV-positive groups had long exposures to antiretroviral therapy. Protease inhibitor and nonprotease inhibitor groups had similar current CD4 cell count and HIV-1 RNA, but the protease inhibitor group had lower nadir CD4 cell count, higher peak HIV-1 RNA, and more advanced Centers for Disease Control disease stage. In adjusted analyses, both HIV-positive groups had significantly lower mean Z scores for height, weight, BMI, and total and limb fat than the HIV-negative group. Mean triglycerides were significantly higher and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol lower in both HIV-positive groups relative to the HIV-negative group. The protease inhibitor group also had significantly higher mean total, low-density lipoprotein, and non-high density lipoprotein cholesterol. Mean fasting insulin was higher in both HIV-positive groups, and 2-h glucose and insulin were higher in the protease inhibitor group. Ritonavir was associated with increasing dyslipidemia and altered glucose metabolism. CONCLUSION: In a large group of vertically HIV-infected children and youth with extensive antiretroviral therapy exposure, height, weight, and total and limb fat were lower than in controls. There was a high prevalence of lipid abnormalities among those on protease inhibitors and evidence of developing insulin resistance, factors that may accelerate lifetime risk for cardiovascular disease. FAU - Aldrovandi, Grace M
Relationships between critical period of estrogen exposure and circulating levels of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) in breast cancer: evidence from a case-control study.$$$ Epidemiological observations suggest that insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I), a potent mitogenic and anti-apoptotic peptide, plays a role in the etiology of breast cancer. Estrogen, which is crucial in breast carcinogenesis, both regulates and is influenced by IGF-I family. A case-control study was conducted to assess the role of IGF-I as a biomarker for breast cancer and to evaluate the potential joint effect of circulating IGF-I and critical period of estrogen exposure, as estimated by the interval between age at menarche and age at first full-term pregnancy on the risk of breast cancer. Questionnaire information and blood samples were taken before treatment from 297 incident cases with breast cancer and 593 controls admitted for health examination at the Tri-Service General Hospital, Taipei between 2004 and 2006. Plasma levels of IGF-I and IGFBP-3 were measured by immunoradiometric assay. Conditional logistic regression was used to calculate odds ratios (ORs) and their 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Our case-control data indicate that breast cancer risk related to IGF-I differs according to menopausal status. High circulating levels of IGF-I increased risk of pre- but not postmenopausal breast cancer (top vs. bottom tertile, adjusted OR, 1.86; 95% CI, 1.01-3.44). Furthermore, elevated IGF-I concentrations in conjunction with prolonged interval of critical period of estrogen exposure were associated with significantly increased risk of breast cancer, particularly among estrogen-positive cases (adjusted OR, 2.42, 95% CI, 1.33-4.38). These results suggest that the joint effect of IGF-I and estrogens may provide novel methods of breast cancer risk reduction among women. FAU - Wu, Mei-Hsuan
Differential impact of impaired fasting glucose versus impaired glucose tolerance on cardiometabolic risk factors in multi-ethnic overweight/obese children.$$$ We aimed to investigate the prevalence of impaired fasting glucose (IFG) and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), and their associations with cardiometabolic risk factors, according to ethnicity in a large obese paediatric cohort. A 75-g oral glucose tolerance test was performed in 1,007 overweight/obese Dutch children of multi-ethnic origin, referred to the obesity outpatient clinics of two Dutch hospitals in Amsterdam (mean age, 11.4 ± 3.2 years; 50.7% boys). Anthropometric parameters and blood samples were collected, and cardiometabolic risk factors were assessed. The cohort consisted of Dutch native (26.0%), Turkish (23.7%), Moroccan (18.8%) and children of 'other' (31.5%) ethnicity. The prevalence of IFG was significantly higher in Moroccan and Turkish children as compared to Dutch native children (25.4% and 19.7% vs. 11.8%, respectively, P < 0.05). IGT was most frequently present in Turkish and Dutch native children, relative to Moroccan children (6.3% and 5.3% vs. 1.6%, P < 0.05). Besides pubertal status and ethnicity, components of 'metabolic syndrome' (MetS) which were associated with IGT, independent of hyperinsulinaemia, were hypertension [odds ratio (OR), 2.3; 95% CI, 1.1-4.9] while a trend was seen for high triglycerides (OR, 2.0; 95% CI, 0.9-4.3). When analyzing components of MetS which were associated with IFG, only low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was significantly associated (OR, 1.7; 95% CI, 1.2-2.5) independent of hyperinsulinaemia. In conclusion, in a Dutch multi-ethnic cohort of overweight/obese children, a high prevalence of IFG was found against a low prevalence of IGT, which differed in their associations with cardiometabolic risk factors. FAU - van Vliet, Mariska
Identification of lifestyle patterns, including sleep deprivation, associated with insulin resistance in children: the Healthy Growth Study.$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Although diet, physical activity (PA), sedentary behavior and sleep deprivation are factors that have been individually associated with insulin resistance (IR) in childhood, the combined effect of these lifestyle behaviors has not been examined yet. The current study aimed to examine the association of lifestyle patterns with IR, combining all these indices, in children. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Socio-economic, demographic, anthropometric (body weight, height and waist circumference), biochemical (plasma glucose and serum insulin), clinical (pubertal stage) and lifestyle (dietary intake, PA level and sleeping habits) data were collected from a representative sample of 2026 children (50.1% girls) aged 9-13 years in Greece. Homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR) was calculated, and principal component analysis was used to identify lifestyle patterns, combining all these lifestyle indices. RESULTS: In multivariable regression analyses, the lifestyle pattern characterized by more screen time, shorter sleep duration and higher consumption of sugared beverages was positively associated with HOMA-IR (β=0.043; P=0.040), whereas the pattern characterized by more time spent on moderate-to-vigorous PA (MVPA) and more frequent eating occasions was inversely associated with HOMA-IR (β=-0.061; P=0.003). In logistic regression analyses, children with 72.2 min/day of MVPA and 5.05 eating occasions/day and children with 141.8 min/day of MVPA and 5.22 eating occasions/day were less likely of being insulin resistant based on HOMA-IR, compared with children with 20.0 min/day of MVPA and 4.09 eating occasions/day. CONCLUSIONS: A lifestyle pattern of >72 min of MVPA and 5 eating occasions/day was associated with reduced likelihood of IR in children. FAU - Androutsos, O
[Evaluation of insulin resistance and lipid profile in turner syndrome].$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the presence of insulin resistance (IR) and changes in lipid profile in Turner Syndrome (TS), and to check the influence of age, karyotype, systemic arterial hypertension (SAH), height, weight, body mass index (BMI), and pubertal development. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A transversal study of 35 TS patients, confirmed with karyotype (5 to 43 years), without previous use of anabolic steroid or hGH, with evaluation of blood pressure, pubertal development, anthropometric data, measurement of waist (W), hip (H), W to H ratio, total cholesterol, HDL, triglycerides (TGC), LDL, insulin and glucose. HOMA and QUICKI indexes were calculated, as well as glucose to insulin ratio (G/I). Data were examined by the Mann-Whitney and Spearman tests. RESULTS: Ten patients were >20 years. Seventeen had a 45,X karyotype and 6 structural aberrations; differences of the variables in relation to the karyotypes were not observed; 15 were nonpubertal and 20 pubertal; TGC and HOMA were significantly higher in puberty, while G/I was lower. Seven had normal height, 8 had BMI >25 Kg/m2 (6 between 25 and 30, and 2 >30), and 19 W/H >0.85. Cholesterol levels were 180 +/- 42mg% (4 >240); HDL 57 +/- 16mg%; LDL 99 +/- 34 mg%; TGC 108 +/- 96 mg% (2 >200); HOMA 1.01 +/- 0.71; QUICKI 0.4 +/- 0.04 and G/I 23.5 +/- 12.1 (2 <7.0). CONCLUSIONS: Changes were observed in lipid profile independent of age, karyotype, SAH and obesity, but associated with IR. The frequency of IR was lower than described in literature, and seems to be directly linked to chronological age, obesity and estrogen therapy. FAU - de Armani, Maria C A
Abdominal visceral and subcutaneous adipose tissues in association with cardiometabolic risk in children and adolescents: the China Child and Adolescent Cardiovascular Health (CCACH) study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association of abdominal visceral adipose tissue (VAT) and subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) with cardiometabolic risk factors in children and adolescents. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This cross-sectional study consisted of 8460 children and adolescents aged 6-18 years from Chinese urban areas who underwent dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry scan and had metabolic risk factors measured. RESULTS: In multivariate analysis adjusted for region, family income, age, puberty development, physical activity, and smoking, VAT and SAT were significantly associated with all metabolic risk factors for both sexes (all p<0.01). After additional adjustment for fat mass index, most of these associations remain significantly positive. In boys, SAT had greater ORs for all risk factors compared with VAT; in girls, however, SAT had greater odds for high triglycerides, smaller odds for high low-density lipid cholesterol, and similar odds for other risk factors compared with VAT. In addition, boys had greater magnitude of associations of SAT with high total cholesterol, high low-density lipid cholesterol, and low high-density lipid cholesterol compared with girls; no sex differences for VAT were observed. CONCLUSIONS: Both abdominal VAT and SAT have adverse impacts on most of the cardiometabolic risk factors in youth. However, their relative contributions differ between sexes.
Elevated serum levels of free triiodothyronine in adolescent boys with gynaecomastia compared with controls.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Pubertal gynaecomastia is a frequent phenomenon occurring in 20-40% of otherwise healthy adolescent boys. Little is known about the aetiology of pubertal gynaecomastia. Markedly elevated thyroid hormone levels in adults with hyperthyroidism are associated with gynaecomastia. DESIGN: A cross-sectional examination of 444 healthy boys with and without pubertal gynaecomastia. METHODS: We evaluated TSH, triiodothyronine (T3), thyroxine (T4), free T4 and free T3 in a cohort of healthy boys with and without pubertal gynaecomastia. RESULTS: Boys with gynaecomastia had significantly higher serum free T3, even after correction for age, BMI and pubertal stage. After inclusion of IGF1 in the model the differences disappeared. TSH, T4, free T4 and T3 did not differ between the groups. CONCLUSIONS: We speculate that the GH/IGF1 axis and thyroid hormones interact and influence the development of pubertal gynaecomastia.
The role of sex steroids in the regulation of insulin sensitivity and serum lipid concentrations during male puberty: a prospective study with a P450-aromatase inhibitor.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Our purpose was to study the sex steroid-mediated changes in serum insulin and lipid concentrations in boys during puberty. DESIGN AND METHODS: We treated boys with constitutional delay of puberty either with testosterone plus placebo or with testosterone plus an aromatase inhibitor, letrozole, which inhibits the conversion of androgens to oestrogens. We demonstrated previously that during treatment with testosterone plus letrozole the increase in testosterone concentration was more than 5-fold higher than during treatment with testosterone plus placebo. The concentrations of 17beta-oestradiol, IGF-I and IGF-binding protein-3 increased during testosterone-plus-placebo treatment, but during testosterone-plus-letrozole treatment the concentrations remained unchanged. These divergent changes in the two groups enabled us to study the effects of sex steroids and GH on insulin sensitivity and lipid concentrations. RESULTS: The insulin concentration in the testosterone-plus-placebo-treated group did not change. In contrast, in the testosterone-plus-letrozole-treated group, the concentration decreased during letrozole treatment, indicating improved insulin sensitivity. Changes in insulin and IGF-I concentrations within 12 and 18 months were correlated. In the testosterone-plus-placebo-treated group, the high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration did not change but in the testosterone-plus-letrozole-treated group the concentration decreased. The concentrations of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-cholesterol) and triglycerides did not change in either of the groups. CONCLUSIONS: The findings indicate that androgens do not directly alter insulin sensitivity in boys during puberty. In contrast, the observations suggest tight regulation of glucose--insulin homeostasis by GH in boys at this stage. Furthermore, our findings indicate that sex steroids do not significantly participate in the regulation of serum concentrations of LDL-cholesterol or triglycerides in boys during early and mid-puberty. FAU - Wickman, Sanna
A longitudinal assessment of hormonal and physical alterations during normal puberty in boys. II. Estrogen levels as determined by an ultrasensitive bioassay.$$$ A limited number of reports of estrogen levels in prepubertal and early pubertal boys have been published because previous estrogen assays have lacked adequate sensitivity to quantitate circulating estrogen concentrations. Development of a new ultrasensitive assay has permitted measurement of estrogen levels in 23 normally growing boys progressing through puberty. Concentrations were measured at approximately 4-month intervals over a 5- to 8-yr period. The levels increased with maturation in all and correlated directly with chronological age, bone age, weight, height, pubertal stage, and testosterone and insulin-like growth factor-I levels. Of these factors, the level of testosterone had the greatest influence on the estrogen concentration. The time from peak growth velocity also significantly correlated with estrogen level. The estrogen level correlated positively with growth velocity before the time of peak growth velocity and negatively after peak growth velocity. The estrogen levels first increased significantly an average of 3 yr after pubertal onset and reached a peak by 5 yr after pubertal onset. Peak growth velocity was attained an average of 3 yr after pubertal onset. The greatest increase in the rate of rise of the estrogen level was an 11-fold rise during the year in which puberty began. The next most significant increase was a 4.8-fold rise 3 yr after pubertal onset. With respect to pubertal stage, the greatest absolute change occurred from stage 4 to stage 5 and the greatest fold change occurred from stage 1 to stage 2. The estrogen level did not significantly correlate with the 24-h GH level. In conclusion, circulating estrogen levels are very low in all boys prepubertally and rise steadily during adolescent development. The estrogen level is closely related to testosterone concentration and to the time of peak growth velocity. These findings are consistent with the hypothesis that estrogen at low levels augments skeletal growth and maturation in boys (as well as girls). They are also consistent with the hypothesis that continued exposure to estrogen leads to epiphyseal fusion. Further studies are required to define the separate and combined roles of estrogen, GH, and testosterone, as well as other factors, on growth and sexual development at puberty. FAU - Klein, K O
Efficacy and safety of growth hormone treatment in short children with renal allografts: three year experience. Members of the German Study Group for Growth Hormone Treatment in Children with Renal Allografts.$$$ The majority of children with renal allografts have diminished growth and reduced final height. Impaired allograft function and glucocorticoid treatment are the main contributing factors. Since recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) treatment was able to counteract the growth depressing effects of glucocorticoids in experimental uremia, an open-labeled prospective study in 17 short children with renal allografts was designed to investigate the efficacy of rhGH therapy (30 IU/m2/week) with special emphasis on the safety regarding graft function and carbohydrate metabolism. Height velocity in prepubertal children (N = 10) increased from baseline median 2.2 cm/year to 7.9 cm/year after one year (P < 0.01), 7.2 cm/year after two years (P < 0.01), and 5.5 cm/year (P < 0.05) after three years of rhGH therapy. This resulted in a normalization of height in three out of seven patients after two years and in three out of five after three years of therapy. Growth stimulation in pubertal children was less consistent. Bone maturation paralleled chronological age. The effect of rhGH treatment on longitudinal growth may be partially attributable to the improved ratio between the serum concentration of the insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I and its major binding protein (BP) IGFBP-3 leading to a normal IGF bioactivity. The incidence of acute rejection crises in the study group (corrected for time after grafting) did not differ from that of untreated retrospective "controls" (0.10 vs. 0.12 episodes per patient and year). No systematic effect of rhGH on glomerular filtration rate assessed by repeated inulin and creatinine clearances was noted.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS) FAU - Tönshoff, B
17-hydroxyprogesterone responses to gonadotropin-releasing hormone disclose distinct phenotypes of functional ovarian hyperandrogenism and polycystic ovary syndrome.$$$ CONTEXT: The exaggerated 17-hydroxyprogesterone response to GnRH agonists, which reflects functional ovarian hyperandrogenism (FOH), is believed to be the prominent abnormality in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). OBJECTIVE: Our objectives were to quantify the prevalence of PCOS with FOH and to evaluate whether the presence of FOH may distinguish different clinical and biochemical phenotypes. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: We conducted an observational study at an academic hospital that included 148 PCOS women and 22 healthy age-matched normal-weight control women. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: A hormone profile was taken at baseline and in response to (1-24)ACTH and to a GnRH agonist, buserelin, administered during dexamethasone suppression. RESULTS: Based on the data obtained in the control subjects, the PCOS patients were divided into two groups, one with a normal (NR-PCOS, n = 78) and one with a high 17-hydroxyprogesterone response (HR-PCOS, n = 70) to buserelin. The two groups of PCOS subjects had similar anthropometric parameters and clinical signs of hyperandrogenism. Age and body weight at menarche were significantly lower and higher, respectively, in the HR-PCOS group than the NR-PCOS group. Moreover, the HR-PCOS group had higher basal testosterone (P < 0.001), free androgen index (P < 0.01), 17-hydroxyprogesterone (P < 0.05), estrogens (P < 0.05), area under the curve for insulin (insulin(AUC)) (P < 0.05), and C-peptide(AUC) (P < 0.01) and lower insulin sensitivity (as composite insulin sensitivity index) (P < 0.05) than the NR-PCOS group. The response of 17-hydroxyprogesterone to (1-24)ACTH (as percent variation) was lower in the HR-PCOS group with respect to the NR-PCOS group (P < 0.05), whereas the response of cortisol, androstenedione, and dehydroepiandrosterone was similar. Finally, the HR-PCOS group had lower percent suppression of androstenedione (P < 0.001) and 17-hydoxyprogesterone (P < 0.05) to dexamethasone. In a multiple regression model applied in all PCOS women, insulin(AUC) but not androgens or markers of insulin resistance predicted the 17-hydroxyprogesterone response to buserelin to a highly significant extent (t = 3.269; P < 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: This study indicates that the paradigm that FOH is a specific feature of the PCOS status can no longer be sustained. We have shown that women with an exaggerated 17-hydroxyprogesterone response to a GnRH agonist, buserelin, are characterized by more severe hyperandrogenemia, glucose-stimulated beta-cell insulin secretion, and worse insulin resistance than those without evidence of FOH. Our data may be consistent with the hypothesis that excess insulin may represent a candidate factor responsible for FOH in these women, through the overactivation of the cytochrome P450 17alpha-hydroxylase/17,20-lyase (CYP17) enzyme pathway. FAU - Pasquali, Renato
Pituitary size and function in children and adolescents with shunted hydrocephalus.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Most previous reports of endocrine disorders in children with shunted hydrocephalus have been case reports and there is a lack of systematic information on pituitary anatomy and function among these children. We have obtained these data in a large group of individuals with shunted hydrocephalus. DESIGN: A controlled cross-sectional study. PATIENTS: Fifty-four children and adolescents with shunted hydrocephalus were studied for pituitary anatomy and function. They had 54 age- and sex-matched controls (group I). The mean age of the patients and controls was 12.6 years and the mean shunting period 10.6 years. There was a second control group (II) for the magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and a third control group (III) for the radiography of the sella turcica. MEASUREMENTS: The anatomy was visualized by MRI of the pituitary gland and by radiography of the sella turcica. The functional evaluation included an arginine-insulin test and a combined stimulation test with corticotrophin releasing factor (CRF), GnRH and TRH. RESULTS: The patients were shorter (height 148.4 cm vs 153.7 cm, P < 0.05 and relative height -0.5 SDS vs 0.4 SDS, P < 0.05) and had a higher BMI than the control group I (20.6 kg/m2 vs 18.0 kg/m2, P < 0.001). They had also a greater pituitary height than the control group II (5.8 mm vs 5.1 mm, P < 0.01). The patients had significantly lower basal GH levels (P < 0.001) than controls I. Sixteen patients (30%) had a poor GH response (< 20 mU/l) in the arginine-insulin test. Pituitary height was significantly lower among these patients than in those with a normal response (4.7 mm vs 6.3 mm, P < 0.01), who had an increased pituitary height compared to controls II (5.1 mm, P < 0.01). The area under the curve (AUC) for GH correlated with the pituitary volume (r = 0.50, P < 0.001). The patients had higher basal FSH and LH concentrations than controls I (P < 0.001). The peak to basal ratios of FSH and LH were increased in the prepubertal patients and that of LH at Tanner pubertal stage II in the females. The basal FSH and LH levels correlated with the pituitary volume (r = 0.50 and r = 0.54, P < 0.001 for), as did FSH AUC and LH AUC (r = 0.48 and r = 0.75, P < 0.001 for both). CONCLUSIONS: These observations indicate that children with shunted hydrocephalus have an increased pituitary size on average. About one-third of these patients had signs of reduced GH secretion and significantly lower pituitary height, which probably contributes to their poor linear growth. Increased pituitary size was associated with enhanced gonadotrophin secretion, which may result in early puberty in children with shunted hydrocephalus. FAU - Löppönen, T
Efficacy and safety of one year of growth hormone therapy in steroid-dependent nephrotic syndrome.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To study the efficacy and safety of 1 year of growth hormone (GH) therapy in children with steroid-dependent nephrotic syndrome. STUDY DESIGN: A prospective pilot, open study in which GH (mean dose 0.32 mg/kg per week) was administered for 1 year to 8 children with steroid-dependent nephrotic syndrome requiring prednisolone (mean dose 0.46 mg/kg per day) to maintain remission. Steroid dependence was defined as recurrence of proteinuria within 2 weeks of discontinuation of prednisolone, or when the dose was lowered below a critical level. At entry, all patients had been steroid dependent for at least 1 year. Anthropometric and bone mineral density measurements after treatment were compared with 1-year pretreatment data. RESULTS: Pretreatment mean (+/-SD) chronologic age was 12.6 (+/-3.1) years, with a mean bone age of 9.1 (+/-2.0) years, with delayed puberty in five patients. The mean height velocity increased from 3.7 (+/-1.4) to 9.4 (+/-2.1) cm/yr after 1 year of treatment (p < 0.05). The mean height standard deviation score increased from -1.4 (+/-1.6) to -0.3 (+/-1.1), (p < 0.05). In the spine, the mean bone mineral density increased from 0.50 to 0.64 gm/cm2 (p < 0.05), and in the femoral neck, from 0.55 to 0.64 gm/cm2 (p < 0.05) after 1 year of treatment. Mean lean body mass increased from 58.1% to 62.6% (p < 0.01). There were no significant changes in creatinine clearance, fasting glucose, fasting insulin, or glycosylated hemoglobin levels. The mean bone age increased to 11.4 (+/-2.4) years, and pubertal stage advanced in 2 patients. CONCLUSIONS: One year of GH therapy is effective in improving the height standard deviation score, height velocity, bone mineral density, and lean body mass of children with steroid-dependent nephrotic syndrome. There were no significant adverse effects. However, the bone age accelerated at a greater pace than the height age, and further studies are required to define the role of GH therapy in steroid-dependent nephrotic syndrome. FAU - Loke, K Y
Glucose intolerance and cardiometabolic risk in adolescents exposed to maternal gestational diabetes: a 15-year follow-up study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Adolescent offspring of women with a history of gestational diabetes (GD) were evaluated for their cardiometabolic risks at a mean age of 15 years. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: One hundred and twenty-nine adolescents who were assessed for their cardiometabolic risks at 8 years of age were reassessed at 15 years of age. RESULTS: Adolescent offspring of mothers with GD had similar blood pressure, plasma lipid profile, and a rate of abnormal glucose tolerance as control subjects. In utero hyperinsulinemia was associated with a 17-fold increase in metabolic syndrome and a 10-fold increase in overweight at adolescence, independent of birth weight, Tanner stage, maternal GD status, and mother's BMI. CONCLUSIONS: In utero environment of hyperinsulinemia, irrespective of the degree of maternal GD, was associated with increased risk of overweight and metabolic syndrome during early adolescence in the offspring. FAU - Tam, Wing Hung
Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF-21) and its relation to obesity, metabolic syndrome, and nonalcoholic fatty liver in children: a longitudinal analysis.$$$ CONTEXT: Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF-21), a potent activator of glucose uptake, has been proposed to be related to insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome (MetS), nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and weight status. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to study the relationships between FGF-21, parameters of MetS, and NAFLD before and after weight loss in obese children. DESIGN AND SETTING: This was a cross-sectional comparison between obese and normal-weight children and longitudinal 1-yr follow-up study in obese children participating in a lifestyle intervention in a primary care setting. PATIENTS: Patients included 60 obese and 40 lean children of same age, gender, and pubertal stage. INTERVENTION: The outpatient 1-yr intervention program was based on exercise, behavior, and nutrition therapy. MAIN OUTCOMES MEASURES: We evaluated fasting serum FGF-21, weight status [body mass index (BMI) expressed as sd score (SDS)], body fat, insulin resistance index (homeostasis model assessment), leptin, transaminases, free fatty acids (FFA), waist circumference, blood pressure, and lipids. RESULTS: Compared with the normal-weight children, obese children demonstrated significantly (P < 0.001) increased FGF-21, leptin, and homeostasis model assessment levels. FGF-21 was significantly (P < 0.05) correlated to BMI, SDS-BMI, FFA, and leptin both in cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses but not to any additional analyzed parameter. Children with and without MetS or NAFLD did not differ significantly with respect to their FGF-21 concentrations. A decrease of SDS-BMI was associated with a significant (P = 0.038) decrease of FGF-21 levels (mean -34%). CONCLUSIONS: FGF-21 concentrations are reversibly increased in obese children and are related to leptin and FFA. However, our data do not support a significant relationship between FGF-21, insulin resistance, and features of MetS or NAFLD in children. FAU - Reinehr, Thomas
Higher metabolic syndrome in obese asthmatic compared to obese nonasthmatic adolescent males.$$$ The relationship between asthma and obesity has been documented in children and adolescents; however, few studies on metabolic syndrome and asthma have been performed. OBJECTIVE: To determine the prevalence of metabolic syndrome in adolescents among the following groups: obese with asthma (OA), obese without asthma (ONA), nonobese with asthma (NOA), and nonobese without asthma (NONA). PATIENTS AND METHODS: The authors measured anthropometric (height, weight, waist circumference, body mass index, and waist-hip ratio), clinical (Tanner stage, blood pressure, fat and muscle reserve, and exercise), and biochemical parameters (basal and load glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides, high-density lipoproteins, uric acid, and insulin) in 500 Mexican adolescents. RESULTS: A total of 111 OA, 198 ONA, 63 NOA, and 71 NONA adolescents completed the study. There were no differences in age, height, Tanner stage, high-density lipoproteins, or basal glucose among groups. Cholesterol, triglycerides, uric acid, basal insulin, and homeostasis model assessment (HOMA)-IR were significantly higher among the obese than nonobese groups but were similar between the OA and ONA groups. The prevalence of impaired fasting glucose was significantly higher among ONA versus OA males. The prevalence of metabolic syndrome (define as > or =3 abnormal cardiometabolic risk factors by de Ferranti, Cook, and International Diabetes Federation [IDF] criteria) was higher among OA teens than in the ONA group; however, this association was significant only among males. Adolescents from the ONA group were able to perform significantly more vigorous exercise than the other groups. CONCLUSION: Adolescent males who were obese and also had mild persistent asthma had a significantly higher prevalence of metabolic syndrome than obese males without asthma. However, overall, asthma seems to confer a protective effect against the prediabetes condition in males. FAU - Del-Rio-Navarro, Blanca E
Sex hormone binding globulin concentration as a prepubertal marker for hyperinsulinaemia in obesity.$$$ BACKGROUND: Overweight children become obese adults who are prone to develop the "metabolic syndrome" and premature coronary arterial disease (CAD). AIMS: To assess whether sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) is a potential marker for hyperinsulinaemia/insulin resistance in prepubertal obese children. METHODS: Twenty five obese children (body mass index (BMI) >2SD) who warranted investigation on clinical grounds were enrolled. Their insulin response to an oral glucose tolerance test was assessed. RESULTS: Fourteen children were hyperinsulinaemic. Despite being matched for age and BMI, SHBG concentrations were below the sex related reference range in the hyperinsulinaemic group. CONCLUSION: Our results indicate that a subnormal SHBG concentration in a prepubertal child is strongly predictive of hyperinsulinaemia. By measuring the circulating SHBG concentration, it might be possible to identify those at most risk of premature CAD, targeting them for lifestyle changes. FAU - Galloway, P J
Epicardial fat, abdominal adiposity and insulin resistance in obese pre-pubertal and early pubertal children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the cross-sectional association of epicardial fat with insulin resistance, major abdominal adipose depots, and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors in obese pre-pubertal and early pubertal children. METHODS: By using magnetic resonance imaging in 30 pre-pubertal and early pubertal patients [21 males, Tanner Stage I-II, median age 11.2 (2.95) y, BMI z-score 2.56 ± 0.11 SDS], visceral (VAT), subcutaneous (SAT), epicardial adipose tissues (EAT) and hepatic fat fraction (HFF) were estimated. Lipid profile, liver function tests, circulating adipokines and markers of inflammation [leptin, adiponectin, tumor necrosis factors-alpha (TNF-alpha), C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukins 6 and 10 (IL-6, IL-10)] were assayed. Insulin resistance was estimated by the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Body composition was measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. RESULTS: In 14 insulin resistant children (HOMA-IR >2.5), median values of EAT were significantly higher than in insulin sensitive mates [54.0 (35.45) cm(3) vs. 27.2 (17.03) cm(3); p = 0.03]. Moreover, EAT performed no differently in identifying insulin resistant patients (AUC 0.737; 95% CI 0.538-0.936; p = 0.028) from VAT (AUC 0.772; 95% CI 0.599-0.945; p = 0.011); SAT (AUC 0.795; 95% CI 0.628-0.0.962; p = 0.006); and HFF (AUC 0.777; 95% CI 0.607-0.947; p = 0.010). Stepwise regression analysis showed that EAT (β = 0.025; 95% CI 0.012-0.038, p = 0.001) and CRP (β = 0.622; 95% CI 0.069-0.238, p = 0.002) predicted HOMA-IR (R(2) = 0.71; p = 0.001), while VAT, SAT and HFF were excluded from the model. CONCLUSIONS: In pre-pubertal and early pubertal obese children, EAT is a significant marker of increased insulin resistance and associated cardiovascular risk.
Analysis of voice in patients with untreated active acromegaly.$$$ BACKGROUND: Voice changes are common clinical findings of acromegaly, although scanty data are available so far. OBJECTIVE: To analyze features and quantify changes of voice in patients with untreated active acromegaly. DESIGN AND METHODS: This was a pilot case-control study. Voice was analyzed using the Multi Dimensional Voice Program software, which generates 33 parameters related to fundamental frequency (F0), micro-perturbation of F0 and amplitude, noise, tremor, voice breaks and irregularities, and diplophony. PATIENTS: Thirteen consecutive patients (8 women, 5 men, mean age 48+/-9 yr) with active acromegaly, at first diagnosis, and 13 sex- and age-matched normal subjects (controls). RESULTS: Patients with untreated active acromegaly had mean values of parameters related to F0 significantly lower than those of controls, although mostly remaining in the normal range. Most acromegalic patients had micro-perturbation of F0, as indicated by higher mean of absolute or percentage jitter values than those of controls; micro-perturbation of amplitude was a common feature of voice in most acromegalic men. Noise-related parameters were also affected by acromegaly, being higher in male acromegalic patients than in controls and acromegalic women. On the contrary, parameters related to tremors, voice breaks, voice irregularities and diplophony did not differ in acromegalic patients and controls. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with untreated active acromegaly had low-pitched voice characterized by lowering F0 and increased values related to noise, micro perturbation of frequency, and amplitude. FAU - Bogazzi, F
Sexual dimorphism in cortical bone size and strength but not density is determined by independent and time-specific actions of sex steroids and IGF-1: evidence from pubertal mouse models.$$$ Although it is well established that males acquire more bone mass than females, the underlying mechanism and timing of this sex difference remain controversial. The aim of this study was to assess the relative contribution of sex steroid versus growth hormone-insulin-like growth factor 1 (GH-IGF-1) action to pubertal bone mass acquisition longitudinally in pubertal mice. Radial bone expansion peaked during early puberty (3 to 5 weeks of age) in male and female mice, with significantly more expansion in males than in females (+40%). Concomitantly, in 5 week old male versus female mice, periosteal and endocortical bone formation was higher (+70%) and lower (-47%), respectively, along with higher serum IGF-1 levels during early puberty in male mice. In female mice, ovariectomy increased radial bone expansion during early puberty as well as the endocortical perimeter. In male mice, orchidectomy reduced radial bone expansion only during late puberty (5 to 8 weeks of age), whereas combined androgen and estrogen deficiency modestly decreased radial bone expansion during early puberty, accompanied by lower IGF-1 levels. GHRKO mice with very low IGF-1 levels, on the other hand, showed limited radial bone expansion and no skeletal dimorphism. From these data we conclude that skeletal sexual dimorphism is established during early puberty and depends primarily on GH-IGF-1 action. In males, androgens and estrogens have stimulatory effects on bone size during late and early puberty, respectively. In females, estrogens limit bone size during early puberty. These longitudinal findings in mice provide strong evidence that skeletal dimorphism is determined by independent and time-specific effects of sex steroids and IGF-1.
Parent-of-origin-specific allelic associations among 106 genomic loci for age at menarche.$$$ Age at menarche is a marker of timing of puberty in females. It varies widely between individuals, is a heritable trait and is associated with risks for obesity, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, breast cancer and all-cause mortality. Studies of rare human disorders of puberty and animal models point to a complex hypothalamic-pituitary-hormonal regulation, but the mechanisms that determine pubertal timing and underlie its links to disease risk remain unclear. Here, using genome-wide and custom-genotyping arrays in up to 182,416 women of European descent from 57 studies, we found robust evidence (P < 5 × 10(-8)) for 123 signals at 106 genomic loci associated with age at menarche. Many loci were associated with other pubertal traits in both sexes, and there was substantial overlap with genes implicated in body mass index and various diseases, including rare disorders of puberty. Menarche signals were enriched in imprinted regions, with three loci (DLK1-WDR25, MKRN3-MAGEL2 and KCNK9) demonstrating parent-of-origin-specific associations concordant with known parental expression patterns. Pathway analyses implicated nuclear hormone receptors, particularly retinoic acid and γ-aminobutyric acid-B2 receptor signalling, among novel mechanisms that regulate pubertal timing in humans. Our findings suggest a genetic architecture involving at least hundreds of common variants in the coordinated timing of the pubertal transition. FAU - Perry, John Rb
A Longitudinal Study of Growth, Sex Steroids, and IGF-1 in Boys With Physiological Gynecomastia.$$$ CONTEXT: Physiological gynecomastia is common and affects a large proportion of otherwise healthy adolescent boys. It is thought to be caused by an imbalance between estrogen and testosterone, although this is rarely evident in analyses of serum. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to describe the frequency of physiological gynecomastia and to determine possible etiological factors (eg, auxology and serum hormone levels) in a longitudinal setup. DESIGN, SETTINGS, AND PARTICIPANTS: A prospective cohort study of 106 healthy Danish boys (5.8-16.4 years) participated in the longitudinal part of the COPENHAGEN Puberty Study. The boys were examined every 6 months during an 8-year follow-up. Median number of examinations was 10 (2-15). MAIN OUTCOME MEASUREMENTS: Blood samples were analyzed for FSH, LH, testosterone, estradiol, SHBG, inhibin B, anti-Müllerian hormone, IGF-1, and IGF binding protein-3 by immunoassays. Auxological parameters, pubertal development, and the presence of gynecomastia were evaluated at each visit. RESULTS: Fifty-two of 106 boys (49%) developed gynecomastia, of which 10 (19%) presented with intermittent gynecomastia. Boys with physiological gynecomastia reached peak height velocity at a significantly younger age than boys who did not develop gynecomastia (13.5 versus 13.9 years, P = .027), and they had significantly higher serum levels of IGF-1 (P = .000), estradiol (P = .013), free testosterone (P < .001), and FSH (P = .030) during pubertal transition. However, no differences in serum LH or in the estradiol to testosterone ratio were found. CONCLUSIONS: Gynecomastia is frequent in pubertal boys. Increased IGF-1 levels and pubertal growth appear to be associated, whereas changes in estrogen to testosterone ratio seem negligible. FAU - Mieritz, Mikkel G
Ghrelin, insulin-like growth factor I and adipocytokines concentrations in born small for gestational age prepubertal children after the catch-up growth.$$$ BACKGROUND: In children born small for gestational age (SGA) with catch-up growth, a higher risk of insulin resistance (IR) and cardiovascular diseases is noted. Ghrelin stimulates a growth hormone (GH) secretion and regulates lipid and carbohydrate metabolism. We assessed gherlin's influence on achieving normal height and the occurrence of metabolic complications in SGA children. METHODS: Ghrelin, insulin-like growth factor type I (IGF-I), leptin, adiponectin, resistin, glucose, insulin and lipid concentrations were analysed in 134 prepubertal children in four groups: normal-height SGA, short SGA, normal-height born appropriate for gestational age (AGA) and short AGA. RESULTS: Ghrelin and IGF-I concentrations were significantly higher while adiponectin - lower in normal-height SGA comparing to others. CONCLUSIONS: The increased production of ghrelin and IGF-I seems to be an adaptive mechanism to achieve normal growth in SGA children. The significance of high ghrelin and low adiponectin concentrations, observed in normal-height prepubertal SGA children, requires elucidation, with reference to the development of metabolic complications. FAU - Stawerska, Renata
The majority of irregular menstrual cycles in adolescence are ovulatory: results of a prospective study.$$$ PURPOSE: While ovulation is most likely to occur in adolescent girls with regular menstrual cycles, there are limited data on the incidence of ovulation in girls with irregular menstrual cycles in early postmenarcheal years. The aim of the study was to evaluate the presence of ovulation in healthy postmenarcheal girls with irregular menstrual cycles. METHODS, DESIGN AND SUBJECTS: Prospective cohort study over 12 weeks including 40 healthy postmenarcheal girls recruited from the population-based cohort of adolescents from Western Australian Pregnancy Cohort (Raine) Study with irregular menstrual cycles defined by either menstrual cycles <21 days or >35 days in duration or cycle length that varied from month to month by >4 days according to menstrual diaries. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Ovulation defined by urinary pregnanediol-3α-glucuronide/creatinine measurements higher than three times above minimum value obtained from 12 samples (1 per week). RESULTS: Forty girls (37 Caucasians) with irregular menstrual cycles aged 15.1 (median (IQR) 14.9-15.4) years who were 2.3 (1.9-3.3) years postmenarche were assessed. Urinary pregnanediol-3α-glucuronide/creatinine values identified that 33 girls (82.5%) ovulated during the 3 months of observation and 7 girls had anovulatory cycles. Menstrual diaries collected for a median (IQR) of 159 (137.5-188.2) days showed median minimal and maximum menstrual cycle duration of 24 (11.5-29) and 38.5 (35-48) days, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: A large proportion of healthy adolescent girls with irregular menstrual cycles are still ovulating despite irregular and infrequent menses.
Gender differences of adiponectin levels develop during the progression of puberty and are related to serum androgen levels.$$$ Adiponectin is an adipocytokine with profound antidiabetic and antiatherogenic effects that is decreased in obesity. With the increasing prevalence of obesity and the emergence of related disorders, including type 2 diabetes in children, the regulation of adiponectin and its relationship to childhood obesity is of great interest. In this study we aimed to elucidate the impact of gender, pubertal development, and obesity on adiponectin levels in children. We investigated two phenotypically characterized cohorts of 200 normal weight and 135 obese children and adolescents covering a wide range of age (3.4-17.9 yr) and body mass index (-2.1 to +4.8 sd score). In healthy lean boys, adiponectin levels significantly declined in parallel with physical and pubertal development, subsequently leading to significantly reduced adiponectin levels in adolescent boys compared with girls (5.6 +/- 0.5 vs. 7.1 +/- 0.5 mg/liter; P = 0.03). This decline was inversely related to testosterone (r = -0.42; P < 0.0001) and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (r = -0.20; P = 0.0068) serum concentrations and may account for the gender differences seen in adults. Using a stepwise forward multiple regression model, pubertal stage was the strongest independent predictor of adiponectin (r(2) = 0.206; P < 0.0001), with additional influences of body mass index sd score and testosterone. Adiponectin levels were decreased in obese children and adolescents compared with lean peers of corresponding age and pubertal stage (5.18 vs. 7.13 mg/liter; P = 0.015). In obese children, adiponectin levels were closely associated with parameters related to the metabolic syndrome, such as insulin resistance, hyperinsulinemia, blood pressure, and uric acid, in univariate and multivariate analyses, with the insulin sensitivity index being the strongest independent parameter identified by stepwise forward multiple regression (r(2) = 0.226; P < 0.0001). Hence, there is a strong association of adiponectin serum concentrations with obesity, pubertal development, and metabolic parameters in children indicating epidemiological and pathophysiological relevance already in childhood. FAU - Böttner, Antje
Absence of diabetes mellitus type 2 in obese children and adolescents in the north of Spain.$$$ BACKGROUND: The worldwide epidemic of childhood obesity has been accompanied by an increase in the incidence of carbohydrate metabolism disorders. OBJECTIVE: To determine the prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and other carbohydrate metabolism disorders in obese young people in the Basque Country (Spain). DESIGN: Prospective observational study. PATIENTS: We studied 136 obese Caucasian children and adolescents (body mass index ≥2 SDS above the mean). MEASUREMENTS: Their severity of obesity was classified as mild <3 SDS or moderate-to-severe ≥3 SDS. Data were collected on clinical and metabolic parameters; insulin resistance (IR) was calculated using the homeostasis model assessment, and an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was carried out. RESULTS: T2DM was not found. Impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) was found in 9.6% of patients being higher in moderate-to-severe obesity (12.8% vs. 2.4%; p=0.048) and in patients with acanthosis nigricans (27.8% vs. 6.8%; p=0.016). No differences were detected by sex or pubertal development in metabolic results as a function of OGTT's response. IR (13.5%) was higher among those with moderate-to-severe obesity, in patients with acanthosis nigricans and was associated with other cardiovascular disease risk factors. CONCLUSIONS: We found no children with T2DM. The prevalence of IGT and IR was related to severity of obesity, to the association of acanthosis nigricans and was associated with cardiovascular risk. FAU - Aguayo, Aníbal
Dietary and lifestyle quality indices with/without physical activity and markers of insulin resistance in European adolescents: the HELENA study.$$$ Emerging data indicate that higher levels of insulin resistance (IR) are common among children and adolescents and are related to cardiometabolic risk; therefore, IR requires consideration early in life. In addition, there is a lack of conclusive evidence regarding the role of dietary nutrients on IR. The Healthy Lifestyle in Europe by Nutrition in Adolescence Cross-Sectional Study (HELENA-CSS) was conducted in European adolescents aged 12·5–17·5 years. A total of 637 participants with valid homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) index data and who completed at least a 2 d 24 h dietary recall were included in the study (60% of the total HELENA-CSS sample). There were two dietary indices calculated, with the only difference between them being the inclusion or not of physical activity (PA). Markers of IR such as HOMA and the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) were calculated. Pubertal status, BMI and cardiorespiratory fitness (CRF) were measured as potential confounders. The dietary index including PA was inversely associated with HOMA and directly with the QUICKI in females, but not in males, after adjusting for pubertal status, centre, BMI and CRF. In conclusion, the present study indicates that considering PA as part of the dietary index is of relevance as the resulted index is inversely related to IR independently of potential confounders including CRF. Overall, these findings suggest that intervention studies aimed at preventing IR in young people should focus on increasing the quality of the diet and also on including an optimal PA level in healthy adolescents. FAU - Jiménez-Pavón, David
Age at adiposity rebound is associated with fat mass in young adult males-the GOOD study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Age at adiposity rebound (AR) is associated with obesity and Type 2 Diabetes in adults. The aim of the present study was to investigate the role of age at AR in adult fat mass, fat distribution and pubertal timing for a Swedish cohort. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This is a retrospective cohort study. Detailed growth charts were retrieved for the men participating in the population-based GOOD (Gothenburg Osteoporosis and Obesity Determinants) study (n=573). Body composition was analysed using dual X-ray absorptiometry and computed tomography at 18-20 years of age. Age and BMI at AR were calculated using pediatric growth charts and AR was defined as the lowest BMI between 3 and 9 years of age. RESULTS: Subjects were divided into early (age at AR below 5.4 years of age), middle (age at AR 5.4 to 6.8 years of age) and late (age at AR after 6.8 years of age) age at AR tertiles. Subjects in the early age at AR tertile had higher young adult BMI (+8%), whole body fat mass (+34%) and amount of subcutaneous adipose tissue (+61%) than the subjects in the middle and late tertiles (p<0.01). The early age at AR tertile had an increased risk of obesity (Odds Ratio 4.1 [95% CI 1.2-13.9]) compared with the middle and late tertiles. In addition, the early age at AR tertile had Peak Height Velocity (PHV) 7 months earlier than the late tertile. CONCLUSIONS: Early age at AR was associated with young adult obesity as a consequence of a high amount of subcutaneous adipose tissue in men. In addition we made the novel observation that early age at AR was associated with an early puberty in men. FAU - Ohlsson, Claes
Vitamin D intake and cardiometabolic risk factors in adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: A growing body of research suggests that vitamin D might play an important role in overall health. No data exist on vitamin D intake for the Azorean adolescent population. The purpose of this study was to assess vitamin D intake and investigate a possible association between vitamin D intake and cardiometabolic risk factors in Azorean adolescents. METHODS: A cross-sectional school-based study was conducted on 496 adolescents (288 girls) aged 15-18 years from the Azorean Islands, Portugal. Anthropometric measurements (waist circumference and height), blood pressure (systolic), and plasma biomarkers [fasting glucose, insulin, total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), and triglycerides (TGs)] were measured to assess metabolic risk. Homeostasis model assessment (HOMA), TC-to-HDL-C ratio, and waist-to-height ratio were calculated. For each of these variables, a Z-score was computed by age and sex. A metabolic risk score was constructed by summing the Z-scores of all individual risk factors. High risk was considered when the individual had ≥1 standard deviation (SD) of this score. Vitamin D intake was assessed with a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. Participants were classified into quartiles of vitamin D intake. Logistic regression was used to determine odds ratios for high cardiometabolic risk scores after adjusting for total energy intake, pubertal stage, fat mass percentage, and cardiorespiratory fitness. RESULTS: Mean (SD) vitamin D intake was 5.8 (6.5) μg/day, and 9.1% of Azorean adolescents achieved the estimated average requirement of vitamin D (10 μg/day or 400 IU). Logistic regression showed that the odds ratio for a high cardiometabolic risk score was 3.35 [95% confidence interval (CI) 1.28-8.75] for adolescents in the lowest vitamin D intake quartile in comparison with those in the highest vitamin D intake quartile, even after adjustment for confounders. CONCLUSION: A lower level of vitamin D intake was associated with worse metabolic profile among Azorean adolescents. FAU - Moreira, Carla
Hormonal and bone parameters in pubertal girls.$$$ Here we analyzed associations between muscles mass, total bone mineral content (BMC), lumbar spine bone density (BMD L1-L4) and serum or urine hormones in healthy peripubertal girls. Total BMC and areal BMD L1-L4, muscle mass and fat were measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA). Muscle force (N) was estimated by a dynamometer. Circulating estradiol, follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), luteinizing hormone (LH), 25-hydroxy vitamin D, parathyroid hormone (PTH), insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1), leptin, osteocalcin, bone isoenzyme of alkaline phosphatase (bALP) and total calcium and phosphorus were quantified as the nocturnal melatonin and serotonin urinary excretion. Partial correlations adjusted for height, Tanner score and physical activity confirmed positive relationships between BMC or BMD L1-L4 (Z-score) and lean mass or fat. Furthermore, positive relationship was observed between BMC or BMD L1-L4 (Z-score) and serum leptin. After adjustment for Tanner score and physical activity, positive associations were observed between lean mass and IGF-1, leptin levels or muscle force. We proved positive relationships between bone mass and serum leptin in peripubertal girls. FAU - Cirmanova, V
[Profile of free fatty acids (FFA) in serum of young Colombians with obesity and metabolic syndrome].$$$ Obesity produces greater circulation of free fatty acids (FFA). In adults, the FFA composition changes in states of obesity; in adolescents, the results are contradictory. This study compare the FFA profile of obese youth with and without Metabolic Syndrome (MetS) and explore the association between FFA and metabolic alterations of obesity and MetS. A cross-sectional study with 96 young people between 10 and 18 years old was divided into three groups: 1) obese youth with MetS, 2) obese youth without MetS; and 3) adequate weight (AW), matched according to age, gender, pubertal maturation and socioeconomic stratum. The nutritional status was classified according to the body-mass index (BMI), according to the World Health Organization 2007 (WHO, 2007); the waist circumference (WC), adiposity, lipid profile, highly-sensitive reactive C protein (hsRCP), glucose, insulin and insulin resistance (IR), according to the homeostatic model assessment (HOMA Calculator Version 2.2.2). The FFA serum concentration was determined by gas chromatography. Both obese groups had higher adiposity, inflamation (hsRCP), FFA totals and frequency palmitoleic-16:Jn7, compared to AW. The obese with MetS presented more metabolic alterations, a greater amount of dihomo-γ-linolenic (DHGL-20:3n6) and a 20:3n6/18:2n6 relation, indicative of increased activity of A6 desaturase (D6D). The FFA totals, palmitoleic-l6:1n7, DHGL-20:3n6, D6D activity and hsRCP significantly correlated with variables of adiposity, IR and triglicerides. The results in obese with MetS corroborate the association among central obesity, inflammation and increased lipolysis in visceral adipose tissue and metabolic alterations. FAU - Bermudez, J A
[The relationship between metabolic disorders and small for gestational age with idiopathic premature adrenarche].$$$ BACKGROUND: There is still controversy on the relationship between idiopathic premature adrenarche (IPA) and a history of small for gestational age, as well as the concomitant presence of obesity and other metabolic disturbances. An attempt is made to study these potential associations in a cohort of girls with IPA from our hospital. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A descriptive cross-sectional study was conducted that included girls with a diagnosis of IPA from the Paediatric Department of the Fundación Jiménez Díaz (Madrid, Spain) between January 2007 and May 2015. A record was made of family and personal history with perinatal data, as well as anthropometric data and biochemical values at the time of diagnosis. RESULTS: Out of a total of 76 girls with IPA, 2.7% had a history of small for gestational age. When body mass index was analysed according to modified criteria of WHO 2007/Cole 2000, 11.8% were overweight, and 11.8% were obese at diagnosis. Using the criteria set by the Spanish Ministry of Health, 6.6% were overweight and 18.4% obese, with 21.2% of the girls being insulin resistance, and 13.95% having dyslipidaemia. None of them had hypertension. From a comparative analysis between normal and overweight and obesity IPA girls, the latter had significantly higher levels of triglycerides and insulin, a higher HOMA index, and lower levels of HDL cholesterol. CONCLUSIONS: IPA girls included in the study do not have a higher prevalence of small for gestational age compared to the general population. Prevalence of overweight and obesity in girls with IPA is not higher than the prevalence in the normal population.
Childhood obesity in specialist care--searching for a healthy obese child.$$$ INTRODUCTION: One in three obese adults is classified as metabolically healthy, but there is less evidence in obese children. We studied the overall clinical presentation of Finnish obese children and the prevalence of cardiometabolic risk factors with child-specific cut-offs. MATERIAL AND METHODS: This is a cross-sectional register-based study of 2-18-year-old children (n = 900) evaluated for obesity in three hospitals in 2005-2012. Clinical and metabolic data were related to sex, age, puberty, and obesity grade and analyzed using chi-square and non-parametric tests. RESULTS: In 80% of cases at least one cardiovascular risk factor was present. Only 3% of subjects for whom complete metabolic data were available (n = 360) had no metabolic disorder. Systolic blood pressure was hypertensive in 50.2% and diastolic in 14.5% of the children. The youngest children had highest body mass index SD score. Obesity was more severe in boys than girls (p < 0.001). Hypertensive systolic blood pressure values (p = 0.012), prediabetes (p < 0.001), fatty liver (p < 0.001), and dyslipidemia (p = 0.025) were more prevalent in 15-18-year-old boys than girls. CONCLUSION: Most obese children in specialist care have cardiovascular risk factors; this indicates that earlier intervention is needed. FAU - Dalla Valle, Marketta
Relations among Adiposity and Insulin Resistance with Flow-Mediated Dilation, Carotid Intima-Media Thickness, and Arterial Stiffness in Children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the associations of adiposity and insulin resistance with measures of vascular structure and function in children. STUDY DESIGN: A cross-sectional study included 252 children (age 15.1 ± 2.4 years; body mass index percentile 68.2 ± 26.5%; Tanner 2-5). Measurements of body fat percentage were obtained with dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry and visceral adipose tissue (VAT) with computed tomography. Insulin resistance was measured with hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp. Vascular measurements for endothelial function (brachial artery flow-mediated dilation [FMD]), vascular structure (carotid intima-media thickness [cIMT]), vascular stiffness (carotid incremental elastic modulus), and pulse wave velocity were analyzed by tertiles of adiposity and insulin resistance. Additional analyses with ANCOVA and linear regression were adjusted for Tanner, sex, race, and family relationship; FMD was also adjusted for baseline artery diameter. RESULTS: FMD was positively associated with high adiposity (body mass index, body fat percentage, and VAT) (P < .01 all). Insulin resistance was not associated with FMD. cIMT was significantly, positively related to obesity, VAT, and insulin resistance (P < .05 all). No differences in carotid incremental elastic modulus and pulse wave velocity were observed in relation to adiposity or insulin resistance. CONCLUSIONS: The findings suggest that adiposity is associated with higher FMD, and insulin resistance and VAT are associated with higher cIMT in children. Further research is needed to clarify the progression of these relations.
Growth hormone release during insulin tolerance, clonidine, arginine and growth hormone releasing hormone tests in short normal children and adolescents.$$$ This study was retrospectively performed in 574 short normal children and adolescents [328 underwent insulin tolerance test (ITT), 34 clonidine test (CLON), 64 arginine test (ARG), 19 GHRH test, 52 ITT+CLON, 30 GHRH+CLON, and 47 ITT+CLON+GHRH) in order to evaluate the effect of pubertal stage on GH response to different tests and to identify the most likely mechanism of action of different stimuli. GH peak was higher during GHRH than in all other tests. Sex or start of pubertal development did not cause any GH peak difference. Low-responder (GH peak less than 10 ng/ml) percentages were similar (ITT = 13.5%, CLON = 13.4%, ARG = 13.2%, GHRH = 10.6%) also when the subjects were divided according to sex and pubertal development. ITT+CLON showed discordant results in 42/99 subjects (30/42 = 71.4% were low-responders to ITT and 12/42 = 28.6% to CLON). GH peak appeared earlier during GHRH (85% less than 45 min) and later during CLON (78%: 60-120 min) than during all other tests; GH peak during ITT showed a wide variability of time. Negative correlations were found between GH peak during GHRH and chronological age, height and bone age and during CLON and chronological age. In conclusion our data show that these tests have similar GH secretagogue reliability. FAU - Cavallo, L
Bone age advancement in prepubertal children with obesity and premature adrenarche: possible potentiating factors.$$$ Obesity and premature adrenarche (PA) are both associated with bone age (BA) advancement of unclear etiology, which may lead to earlier puberty, suboptimal final height and obesity in adulthood. Our objective was to understand the hormonal and anthropometric characteristics of BA advancement in a spectrum of prepubertal children with and without obesity and PA. In this cross-sectional study of 66 prepubertal children (35 PA, 31 control, 5-9 years), BMI z-score, hormonal values and response to an oral glucose tolerance test were the main outcome measures. Subjects were divided into tertiles by BA divided by chronological age (BA/CA), an index of BA advancement. Subjects in the top tertile for BA/CA had the highest dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS), free testosterone (%), hemoglobin A(1C), BMI z-score, and weight (P < 0.05). BMI z-score (r = 0.47), weight (r = 0.40), free testosterone (%) (r = 0.34), and DHEAS (r = 0.30) correlated with BA/CA (P < 0.02). Regression analysis showed greater BA/CA in PA compared to controls after controlling for weight (0.21 ± 0.56, P < 0.004). An exploratory stepwise regression model showed that weight, estradiol, and DHEAS were the strongest predictors of BA/CA accounting for 24% of its variance. Obesity was highly associated with BA advancement in this study of prepubertal children. In addition, children with PA had greater BA/CA at any given weight when compared to controls. These findings suggest a possible hormonal factor, which potentiates the effect of obesity on BA advancement in children with obesity and/or PA. FAU - Sopher, Aviva B
Relation of body fat distribution to reproductive factors in pre- and postmenopausal women.$$$ The cross-sectional relations of several reproductive characteristics with self-reported waist-to-hip circumference ratio were evaluated in 44,487 pre- and postmenopausal women 40 to 65 years of age who were free of cancer, cardiovascular disease, and diabetes. All results were adjusted for age, body mass index, cigarette smoking, physical activity, and alcohol intake. Current use of postmenopausal hormones was associated with a significantly lower waist-to-hip ratio than either past or never use independent of type of menopause (0.778 versus 0.784, p = 0.0001 and 0.787, p = 0.0001, respectively), although associations with type (unopposed estrogens versus combined estrogen and progesterone) and duration of hormone therapy were not noted. Waist-to-hip ratio did not differ between pre- and postmenopausal women, but demonstrated weak positive associations with age at menarche, parity, and age at first birth, and a weak inverse association with past duration of breast-feeding. These data confirm relations of several reproductive factors and use of hormone replacement therapy with body fat distribution. Epidemiologic studies relating body fat distribution to disease outcomes in women should consider these factors as potential confounders. FAU - Troisi, R J
Anthropometric determinants of a clustering of lipid-related metabolic risk factors in overweight and non-overweight adolescents--influence of cardiorespiratory fitness. The Avena study.$$$ BACKGROUND/AIMS: To explore in adolescents the associations between simple anthropometric variables with a continuously distributed summary score for lipid-related metabolic risk in both overweight and non-overweight adolescents, and to test whether these associations are modified by the level of cardiorespiratory fitness. METHODS: Cardiorespiratory fitness, BMI, skinfold thicknesses, body circumferences, and a continuously distributed clustering of lipid- related metabolic risk (calculated from LDL and HDL cholesterol, triglycerides, and glucose) were measured in 524 adolescents (265 males, 259 females, 15.3 +/- 1.4 years) from the cross-sectional multicentric AVENA study. Participants were classified as overweight (including obesity) or non-overweight. RESULTS: Most anthropometric parameters were univariately related to the continuous lipid-related metabolic risk. However, after multicollinear analysis and generalized linear modelling, suprailiac skinfold thickness in males (p < 0.001, explained variance 12.2%) and waist-to-height ratio in females (p < 0.001, explained variance 10.0%) were the best determinants of the continuous metabolic risk score, after adjustment for age, sexual maturation, and economic status. These associations were slightly weakened in overweight males (p = 0.034) and females (p = 0.087), and did not interact with cardiorespiratory fitness. CONCLUSION: Our data emphasize the usefulness of suprailiac skinfold thickness in males and waist-to-height ratio in females as simple anthropometric measurements associated to an overall lipid-related metabolic risk, mainly in non-overweight adolescents and regardless their cardiorespiratory status.
Effect of body mass index on peak growth hormone response to provocative testing in children with short stature.$$$ CONTEXT: Obesity is associated with decreased spontaneous and stimulated GH secretion, but the effect of body mass index (BMI) on results of GH stimulation testing in children with short stature is not known. OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study was to determine the impact of BMI on peak GH to provocative testing in children with short stature. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This was a retrospective review of provocative GH testing performed in 116 children 2-18 yr old in the ambulatory clinic of the Pediatric Endocrinology Unit at the Massachusetts General Hospital from 2004-2008. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The main outcome measure was peak stimulated GH. Height, weight, IGF-I, and IGF-binding protein 3 were also measured. RESULTS: In univariate regression analysis, BMI sd score (BMI SDS) was inversely associated with natural log (ln) peak GH to provocative testing (P = 0.002), whereas height SDS, ln IGF-I, and IGF-binding protein 3 were not significantly associated with ln peak GH. After controlling for age, gender, BMI, and pubertal status, BMI (P = 0.002) remained independently associated with ln peak GH. BMI SDS significantly influenced the likelihood of diagnosis of GH deficiency using peak GH cutoffs of 10, 7, and 5 microg/liter. CONCLUSION: In children with short stature, BMI affects peak stimulated GH and should be considered when interpreting GH testing. Higher BMI SDS, even within the normal range, may lead to overdiagnosis of GH deficiency. FAU - Stanley, Takara L
Assessing skeletal maturity by using blood spot insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) testing.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Accurate determination of skeletal maturity and remaining growth is crucial to many orthodontic, orthognathic, and dental-implant timing decisions. Cervical vertebral stages and hand-wrist radiographs are currently used to identify peak mandibular bone growth. These are highly subjective techniques that not only involve radiographic exposure but also lack the ability to determine the intensity of the growth spurt and the end of growth. Insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) is a circulating growth hormone-dependent factor whose level correlates with sexual maturity; it is used to diagnose growth hormone deficiency and excess. We hypothesized that IGF-I levels would also correlate with cervical skeletal maturity and would be highest at the cervical stages that correspond to the greatest amount of facial growth. METHODS: We measured mean blood spot IGF-I levels in a cross-sectional study of 83 patients (44 female, 39 male) on recall to begin orthodontic treatment, in active treatment, or in posttreatment follow-up. RESULTS: Mean blood spot IGF-I levels were significantly higher in the late pubertal stages than in the prepubertal, early pubertal, and postpubertal stages. Linear correlation showed that IGF-I levels had a significant positive correlation with cervical skeletal maturity from the prepubertal to the late pubertal stages, and a significant negative correlation from the late pubertal to the postpubertal stages. In the postpubertal stage, IGF-I levels had a negative linear correlation with increasing time since the onset of puberty and with chronological age. CONCLUSIONS: Blood spot IGF-I could be used as a skeletal maturity indicator and might be useful in detecting residual mandibular growth in young adults. FAU - Masoud, Mohamed
Gender differences of oligomers and total adiponectin during puberty: a cross-sectional study of 859 Danish school children.$$$ CONTEXT: Pubertal stages have been shown to influence total adiponectin (ADPN) levels. Furthermore, testosterone has been shown to alter the isomer distribution of ADPN. OBJECTIVE: The goal of this study was to investigate whether pubertal stages and testosterone levels influenced total serum ADPN levels and the distribution of ADPN isomers. DESIGN: This is a cross-sectional study. PATIENTS: The study included 859 children and adolescents (396 males) aged 6-20 yr. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Total ADPN and ADPN isomers were measured using a validated in-house immunofluorometric assay. Fractioning of the ADPN into the three major molecular fractions was performed in representative subgroups of pre- and postpubertal males and females (n = 40, 10 in each group) using a validated fast protein liquid chromatography method. RESULTS: Total ADPN levels before puberty were 13.4 (11.1-15.9) mg/liter (median and interquartile range) and 14.7 (12.3-18.1) mg/liter (P = not significant), in males and females, respectively. After puberty, ADPN levels were significantly reduced in males, 9.7 (8.2-12.0) mg/liter but remained unchanged in females, 12.1 (9.7-15.3) mg/liter (P < 0.0001). Concomitantly, a reduction was seen in the ratio of high-molecular-weight (HMW) isomers to total ADPN (HMW ratio) when comparing prepubertal and postpubertal males. Also, postpubertal males had lower HMW ratios than corresponding females (P = 0.038). Finally, a negative correlation was seen between HMW ratio and testosterone (r = -0.430, P = 0.007). CONCLUSION: Serum total ADPN levels decrease through puberty in males. Also, a reduced HMW ratio is seen in males at the onset of puberty. We speculate that the suppression of HMW ADPN may be caused by testosterone. FAU - Andersen, Kristian Kjaer
Consecutive Cyproterone Acetate and Estradiol Treatment in Late-Pubertal Transgender Female Adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: Cyproterone acetate (CA) is an antiandrogenic progestin commonly used in adult transwomen to suppress endogenous androgens, often in combination with estrogens to induce feminization. AIM: To assess the (side) effects and biochemical changes of CA alone and in combination with estrogens in adolescent trans-girls. METHODS: This study was a retrospective analysis of clinical and biochemical data from 27 trans-girls who presented at Tanner stage G4 and were treated with CA monotherapy for at least 6 months (mean = 12 months) and then in combination with incremental doses of estrogens (CA + E; mean = 16 months). Statistical analysis of data included paired or unpaired Student t-test or Wilcoxon signed-ranks or Mann-Whitney U-test as appropriate. OUTCOMES: Anthropometrics, reported beneficial and side effects, safety parameters, and hormone levels. RESULTS: Physical changes included decrease of facial and non-facial hair growth. One third showed breast development under CA (Tanner stages B2-B3), which increased to Tanner stages B3 and B4 in 66.7% and 9.5% respectively, during CA + E. Reported side effects during CA and CA + E were breast tenderness, emotionality, fatigue, and flushes. No relevant weight changes were observed. Main safety parameters showed the following changes. Hemoglobin and hematocrit decreased and liver enzymes transiently and modestly increased during CA. Triglycerides and cholesterol levels slightly decreased during CA but returned to baseline during CA + E; glucose metabolism was unaffected. Relevant hormonal changes included a decrease in gonadotropins during CA + E and in total and free testosterone levels throughout treatment. Prolactin levels increased during CA and were restored during CA + E. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: CA produced modest feminizing effects in trans-girls and therefore might be a valuable alternative in situations in which gonadotropin-releasing hormone analogues are not the treatment of choice and/or are not reimbursed. STRENGTHS AND LIMITATIONS: This is the first study to report on the effects of CA in the treatment of trans-girls and one of the few to report on the use of estrogens in this population. Limitations are the modest sample size and the retrospective nature of this study. CONCLUSION: Treatment with CA in late-pubertal trans-girls overall was safe and well tolerated and induced mild clinical and biochemical feminizing changes. Rapid further feminization was observed with incremental doses of E. Tack LJW, Heyse R, Craen M, et al. Consecutive Cyproterone Acetate and Estradiol Treatment in Late-Pubertal Transgender Female Adolescents. J Sex Med 2017;14:747-757.
Metabolic syndrome in young women with the polycystic ovary syndrome: revisiting the threshold for an abnormally decreased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol serum level.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To verify whether the adult threshold for an abnormally decreased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) serum level (0.5 g/l) is appropriate in young women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). DESIGN: Retrospective analysis of a database. SETTING: Academic Hospital. POPULATION: A total of 854 women aged 16-40 years having PCOS according to Rotterdam criteria. METHODS: Criteria defining the metabolic syndrome (MetS) (increased waist circumference, systolic and/or diastolic blood pressure, triglycerides, fasting glycaemia and decreased HDL-C) were separately analysed and compared in three different subgroups (16-20 years, 20-30 years and 30-40 years). The prevalence of the MetS was calculated using two different thresholds (0.5 and 0.4 g/l) for HDL-C in the 16-20 years group. MAIN OUTCOMES MEASURES: Prevalence of MetS. RESULTS: The prevalence of an abnormal HDL-C (<0.5 g/l) was higher in the youngest women (60%), whereas frequencies of abnormal waist circumference, systolic and/or diastolic blood pressure, triglycerides and fasting glycaemia were lower than in the two other groups. The prevalence of an abnormal HDL-C dropped to 27% when using a threshold of 0.4 g/l in the 16-20 years subgroup. The prevalence of the MetS in the 16-20 years subgroup was 11%, whatever the threshold, because HDL-C was <0.4 g/l in all women once they scored 3 or more. CONCLUSIONS: The adult threshold for HDL-C overestimates the prevalence of abnormal HDL-C in young women with PCOS. Until normative data about HDL-C in adult women under 20 years is available, we suggest using a threshold of 0.4 g/l or ignoring this criterion. FAU - Dewailly, D
Adrenarche and nutritional status.$$$ The prepubertal fat spurt seen in mid-childhood coincides with the beginning of adrenarche and is associated with rising serum levels of insulin and insulin-like growth factor-I. As the adrenal cortex expresses receptors for these anabolic peptides, implying that the nutritional status is communicated to the adrenal gland, we hypothesized that nutritional status may be causally involved in the regulation of adrenal androgen secretion. To test this hypothesis, anthropometric indices of the nutritional status and 24-h urinary excretion rates of dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS) were studied longitudinally (during observation periods of at least 4 years) in healthy normal-weight prepubertal and pubertal children. Increases in urinary DHEAS excretion proved to be significantly elevated during periods of individual highest rises in body mass index. These findings provide the first in vivo evidence that a change in nutritional status is an important physiological regulator of adrenarche. FAU - Remer, T
Impact of fatness, insulin, and gynecological age on luteinizing hormone secretory dynamics in adolescent females.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To study the link between fatness and gonadotropin secretion. Overweight status is linked to polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) in adolescents. We postulated that heavier adolescents without symptoms would secrete LH with: [1] increased pulse frequency (LHPF) and [2] exaggerated integrated concentrations (LHAUC). DESIGN: Cross-sectional. SETTING: General clinical research center. PATIENT(S): Eighty-seven postmenarcheal cyclic adolescents from lean to overweight recruited during the follicular phase. INTERVENTION(S): Luteinizing hormone sampling: [1] every 10 minutes/24 hours; [2] at 20-minute intervals after a GnRH challenge. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): The LHPF and LHAUC (calculated by the CLUSTER algorithm). Hormonal and metabolic covariates included percent body fat (PercentBF), insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I), fasting insulin, and the insulin resistance index HOMA-IR. The SAS software was used for analyses. RESULT(S): The PercentBF and younger gynecological age predicted faster LHPF. Fatness was negatively linked to LHAUC, which was best predicted by PercentBF and IGF-1 in multivariate modeling (R(2) = 0.25). The PercentBF and insulin predicted a lower 20-minute LH response to GnRH. CONCLUSION(S): [1] Higher adiposity and younger gynecological age predict rapid LHPF. [2] The early years after menarche represent a vulnerable window for an exaggerated LHPF with weight gain. [3] In healthy adolescents, higher adiposity is linked to lower LHAUC, thereby preserving pituitary stores.
A prospective longitudinal study of growth and pubertal progress in adolescents with inflammatory bowel disease.$$$ BACKGROUND: Puberty and growth may be affected in inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) but the extent is unclear. METHODS: We performed a prospective study over 12 months in 63 adolescents (Crohn's disease, CD, n = 45; ulcerative colitis/IBD unclassified, UC, n = 18) with a median age of 13.4 years (range 10-16.6). Assessment included anthropometry, biochemical markers of growth and puberty and an assessment of quality of life by IMPACT-III. RESULTS: Compared to the normal population, boys with CD were shorter, with a median height SDS (HtSDS) of -0.13 (-2.52 to 1.58; p < 0.05). In addition, the study cohort had a lower median IGF-1 SDS of -0.29 (-4.53 to 2.96; p = 0.008) and a higher median IGFBP3 SDS of 0.45 (-3.15 to 2.55; p = 0.002). Over the study period, the median Ht velocity (HV) was 5 cm/year (0.2-8.7) and the change in HtSDS was 0.06 (-0.48 to 0.57). The median difference between the chronological and bone age was 0.3 years (-2.5 to 3.0) and pubertal examination was not delayed. In the whole group, the erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) showed an inverse association with HV (r = -0.29; p = 0.025) and IGF-1:IGFBP3 (r = -0.34; p = 0.016). The score in the body image domain, IMPACT-III, was inversely associated with HtSDS (r = -0.31; p = 0.03). CONCLUSION: Despite no evidence of pubertal delay, adolescents with IBD display growth retardation which may be associated with raised ESR, adverse quality of life measures and an abnormality of IGF-1 bioavailability.
Growth hormone treatment in adolescent males with idiopathic short stature: changes in body composition, protein, fat, and glucose metabolism.$$$ CONTEXT: Cross-sectional observations show an inverse relationship between pubertal increase in GH and insulin sensitivity, suggesting that pubertal insulin resistance may be mediated by GH. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to assess longitudinally the effects of short-term GH supplementation in adolescent males with non-GH-deficient idiopathic short stature (ISS) on body composition, substrate metabolism, and insulin sensitivity. Children with ISS were studied to simulate the pubertal increase in GH secretion. PARTICIPANTS AND SETTING: Eight males with ISS (10.8-16.5 yr) were recruited from pediatric endocrinology clinics at an academic medical center. STUDY DESIGN: Participants were evaluated in the General Clinical Research Center before and after 4 months of GH supplementation (0.3 mg/kg.wk). Body composition was assessed with dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry. Whole-body glucose, protein, and fat turnover were measured using stable isotopes. In vivo insulin action was assessed during a 3-h hyperinsulinemic (40 mU/m(2).min) euglycemic clamp. RESULTS: GH supplementation led to 1) increase in hepatic glucose production and fasting insulin levels, 2) increase in lean body mass and decrease in fat mass, and 3) improvement in cardiovascular lipid risk profile. Plasma IGF-I levels correlated positively with insulin levels. CONCLUSIONS: Four months of GH supplementation in adolescent males with ISS is associated with significant body composition changes and hepatic insulin resistance. FAU - Hannon, Tamara S
Low 25(OH)D3 levels are associated with total adiposity, metabolic syndrome, and hypertension in Caucasian children and adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Evidence of the association between vitamin D and cardiovascular risk factors in the young is limited. We therefore assessed the relationships between circulating 25-hydroxyvitamin D(3) (25(OH)D(3)) and metabolic syndrome (MetS), its components, and early atherosclerotic changes in 452 (304 overweight/obese and 148 healthy, normal weight) Caucasian children. METHODS: We determined serum 25(OH)D(3) concentrations in relation to MetS, its components (central obesity, hypertension, low high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol, hypertriglyceridemia, glucose impairment, and/or insulin resistance (IR)), and impairment of flow-mediated vasodilatation (FMD) and increased carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT) - two markers of subclinical atherosclerosis. RESULTS: Higher 25(OH)D(3) was significantly associated with a reduced presence of MetS. Obesity, central obesity, hypertension, hypertriglyceridemia, low HDL-cholesterol, IR, and MetS were all associated with increased odds of having low 25(OH)D(3) levels, after adjustment for age, sex, and Tanner stage. After additional adjustment for SDS-body mass index, elevated blood pressure (BP) and MetS remained significantly associated with low vitamin D status. The adjusted odds ratio (95% confidence interval) for those in the lowest (<17 ng/ml) compared with the highest tertile (>27 ng/ml) of 25(OH)D(3) for hypertension was 1.72 (1.02-2.92), and for MetS, it was 2.30 (1.20-4.40). A similar pattern of association between 25(OH)D(3), high BP, and MetS was observed when models were adjusted for waist circumference. No correlation was found between 25(OH)D(3) concentrations and either FMD or cIMT. CONCLUSIONS: Low 25(OH)D(3) levels in Caucasian children are inversely related to total adiposity, MetS, and hypertension. FAU - Pacifico, L
[Prevalence of metabolic syndrome in pubertal stages of female students].$$$ Objective To analyze the prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MS) in pubertal stages of female students. Methods Cross-sectional study of 449 school children between eight and 18 years, stratified by pubertal stage, body mass index (BMI) and body fat percentage (BF %). The MS was classified according to the International Diabetes Federation. The analysis by frequency distribution, confidence intervals (95 %), Chi-square and odds ratio for associations was performed. Results The prevalence of MS was 3.3 % (CI:2 %-5 %) and 2.5 % (CI: 0.1 - 5 %) in pubertal and 7.9% (CI:3.2 % - 12.6 %) in the post-pubescent, with a significant association of this group with MS (X² = 5.2 [p <0.02]). The odds ratio shows that post-pubescent girls (3.3 [CI: 1.2 to 5]) and obese girls (2.1 [CI: 2 - 2.2]) are more likely to have MS, indicating significant linear association between BMI and the outcome (X²=29.4 [p<0.001]). Pubescent children under 10 years of age with MS had higher %G. The prevalent components were altered waist circumference (27.2 % [CI23 %-31 %]) and low HDL cholesterol (39.6 % [CI 35 % - 44 %]), as well as prevalence of systemic hypertension in post-pubertal girls. Conclusions MS begins in the pubertal stage, with prevalence in the post-pubertal stage. Excess fat is a trigger in children under 10 years of age. Prevention strategies are needed for the population of children and adolescents. FAU - Batista da Silva, João
Waist circumference identifies primary school children with metabolic syndrome abnormalities.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study was designed to assess whether waist circumference can predict metabolic syndrome abnormalities in primary schoolchildren. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Of 5,103 children (2,526 males) 4-13 years old who underwent anthropometric measurements, 530 had more extensive testing. Body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, and blood pressure were determined in all subjects. The subgroup had Tanner stage, glucose, lipid profile, and insulin assays. The BMI of the 5,103 children was used to calculate our z scores. To determine which marker was a better predictor for metabolic syndrome, a receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve was generated for BMI and waist circumference, with metabolic syndrome as the dichotomous variable. RESULTS: Over 530 children (8.7 +/- 2.4 years) 6% (n = 32) were obese (BMI >95(th) percentile; z BMI = 2.55), 13.6% (n = 72) were overweight (OW) (85(th) < BMI < 95(th) percentile; z BMI = 1.45), and 80.4% (n = 426) were non-OW (BMI <85(th) percentile; z BMI = - 0.14). Fifty-eight percent [95% confidence interval (CI) 53, 6], 22.8% (95% CI 19, 27), 15.5% (95% CI 12, 19), and 4.1% (95% CI 2, 6) were Tanner stage I, II, III, and IV, respectively. Metabolic syndrome was present in 9.4% overall, 6% of the non-OW, 22.2% of the OW, and 31% in the obese group (P < 0.01). The differences between ROC areas were not significant (0.009) (95% CI -0.035 to 0.053; P = 0.679) for BMI and waist circumference. The optimal threshold for waist circumference percentile was 71.3 with a sensitivity and specificity of 58.9 (95% CI 48.4, 68.9) and 63.1 (95% CI 58.4, 67.7), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Waist circumference and BMI predict metabolic syndrome abnormalities in children. Waist circumference > or =75(th) percentile could be the optimal threshold to predict metabolic syndrome in children. FAU - Hirschler, Valeria
Age at menarche and age at menopause in relation to hepatocellular carcinoma in women.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To assess whether age at menarche, age at menopause, parity, and selected blood hormones are associated with risk of hepatocellular carcinoma among women. DESIGN: Case-control. SAMPLE: and setting Data collected from 50 cases of hepatocellular carcinoma among women and 62 female controls with minor trauma or surgical conditions who attended one of three hospitals in Athens, Greece between 1995 and 1998. METHODS: Researchers collected information on Reproductive variables and assayed sera samples for blood hormone levels and for chronic infection with Hepatitis B and C viruses. RESULTS Individuals with hepatocellular carcinoma had a lower mean age at menarche and a significantly higher mean age at menopause. After adjusting for potential confounding, age at menopause remained an important and significant predictor, increasing the risk of hepatocellular carcinoma 24% for each later year of menopause (P < 0.001). For each year that menarche was delayed, risk of hepatocellular carcinoma declined 21% (P = 0.100). Mean levels of insulin-like growth factor-1 and its binding protein were significantly reduced in cases compared with controls, while levels of oestradiol, testosterone and sex hormone binding globulin were somewhat higher among the cases. CONCLUSIONS: This study provides indirect, but converging evidence that steroid hormones in general, and oestrogens in particular, play an important role in the aetiology of hepatocellular carcinoma among women. FAU - Mucci, L A
Risk factors for type 2 diabetes mellitus: An exposure-wide umbrella review of meta-analyses.$$$ BACKGROUND: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a global epidemic associated with increased health expenditure, and low quality of life. Many non-genetic risk factors have been suggested, but their overall epidemiological credibility has not been assessed. METHODS: We searched PubMed to capture all meta-analyses and Mendelian randomization studies for risk factors of T2DM. For each association, we estimated the summary effect size, its 95% confidence and prediction interval, and the I2 metric. We examined the presence of small-study effects and excess significance bias. We assessed the epidemiological credibility through a set of predefined criteria. RESULTS: We captured 86 eligible papers (142 associations) covering a wide range of biomarkers, medical conditions, and dietary, lifestyle, environmental and psychosocial factors. Adiposity, low hip circumference, serum biomarkers (increased level of alanine aminotransferase, gamma-glutamyl transferase, uric acid and C-reactive protein, and decreased level of adiponectin and vitamin D), an unhealthy dietary pattern (increased consumption of processed meat and sugar-sweetened beverages, decreased intake of whole grains, coffee and heme iron, and low adherence to a healthy dietary pattern), low level of education and conscientiousness, decreased physical activity, high sedentary time and duration of television watching, low alcohol drinking, smoking, air pollution, and some medical conditions (high systolic blood pressure, late menarche age, gestational diabetes, metabolic syndrome, preterm birth) presented robust evidence for increased risk of T2DM. CONCLUSIONS: A healthy lifestyle pattern could lead to decreased risk for T2DM. Future randomized clinical trials should focus on identifying efficient strategies to modify harmful daily habits and predisposing dietary patterns. FAU - Bellou, Vanesa
Excessive refined carbohydrates and scarce micronutrients intakes increase inflammatory mediators and insulin resistance in prepubertal and pubertal obese children independently of obesity.$$$ BACKGROUND: Low-grade inflammation is the link between obesity and insulin resistance. Because physiologic insulin resistance occurs at puberty, obese pubertal children are at higher risk for insulin resistance. Excessive diets in refined carbohydrates and saturated fats are risk factors for insulin resistance, but calcium, magnesium, vitamin-D, and the omega-3 fatty acids likely protect against inflammation and insulin resistance. OBJECTIVE: To analyze interactions among dietary saturated fat, refined carbohydrates, calcium, magnesium, vitamin D, and omega-3 fatty acids on the risk of inflammation and insulin resistance in a sample of prepubertal and pubertal children. METHODS: A sample of 229 children from Mexico City was analyzed in a cross-sectional design. Anthropometric measurements, 24 h recall questionnaires, and blood samples were obtained. Serum insulin, glucose, calcium, magnesium, 25-OHD3, C-reactive protein, leptin, adiponectin, and erythrocytes fatty acids were measured. Parametric and nonparametric statistics were used for analysis. RESULTS: While mean macronutrients intake was excessive, micronutrients intake was deficient (P < 0.01). Inflammation determinants were central obesity and magnesium-deficient diets. Determinants of insulin resistance were carbohydrates intake and circulating magnesium and adiponectin. CONCLUSIONS: Magnesium-deficient diets are determinants of inflammation, while high intake of refined carbohydrates is a risk factor for insulin resistance, independently of central adiposity. FAU - López-Alarcón, Mardia
A novel loss-of-function mutation in GPR54/KISS1R leads to hypogonadotropic hypogonadism in a highly consanguineous family.$$$ CONTEXT: The G protein-coupled receptor 54 (GPR54), the kisspeptin receptor, is essential for stimulation of GnRH secretion and induction of puberty. Recently loss-of-function mutations of the GPR54 have been implicated as a cause of isolated idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (IHH). OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to identify the genetic cause of IHH in a consanguineous pedigree and to characterize the phenotypic features from infancy through early adulthood. DESIGN: In six patients with normosmic IHH belonging to two families of Israeli Muslim-Arab origin highly related to one another, DNA was analyzed for mutations in the GnRHR and GPR54 genes, with functional analysis of the mutation found. The five males underwent comprehensive endocrine evaluation and were under longitudinal follow-up; the one female presented in early adulthood. RESULTS: A new homozygous mutation (c.T815C) in GPR54 leading to a phenylalanine substitution by serine (p.F272S) was detected in all patients. Functional analysis showed an almost complete inhibition of kisspeptin-induced GPR54 signaling and a dramatic decrease of the mutated receptor expression at the cell surface. The males exhibited the same clinical features from infancy to adulthood, characterized by cryptorchidism, a relatively short penis, and no spontaneous pubertal development. The female patient presented at 18 yr with impuberism and primary amenorrhea. Repeated stimulation tests demonstrated complete gonadotropin deficiency throughout follow-up. CONCLUSION: A novel loss-of-function mutation (p.F272S) in the GPR54 gene is associated with familial normosmic IHH. Underdeveloped external genitalia and impuberism point to the major role of GPR54 in the activation of the gonadotropic axis from intrauterine life to adulthood. FAU - Nimri, Revital
[Study on the level changes of obesity-associated factors and puberty-associated hormones and their relationship between obese and normal 13 years old children].$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the level changes of obesity-associated factors and puberty-associated hormones and their relationship between obese and normal Children. METHODS: The concentrations of orexins, leptin, insulin, testosterone (T), estradiol (E), luteotrophic hormone (LH), as well as follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) in blood were measured respectively in 78 cases of 13 years old obesity children and 84 normal children as a control group by the means of RIA methods. The bone ages were evaluated with "bone age standard of hundred percent scale". RESULTS: The leptin and insulin concentrations were significantly higher in obesity children as compared with the control group (P < 0.01). The concentrations of plasma orexinA were significantly lower in obesity children as compared with the control group (P < 0.01). The concentrations of T were significantly lower in obesity boys as compared with the control group (P < 0.01). The concentrations of E2 and LH were significantly higher in obesity girls as compared with the control group (P < 0.01). The bone age of the obese children was significantly older than that of the control group. Along with the bone age of children became older, the concentration of leptin and LH in blood were significantly increased. There was a positive correlation between LH and FSH in two groups of either boys and girls and so did between leptin and insulin, C-peptide, E2 (P < 0.01). In the group of normal boys, the positive correlations between LH, FSH and E2 were shown (r = 0.373, 0.314, P <0.05), and a negative correlations between leptin and T were shown as( r = -0.423, P < 0.01), a positive correlation between leptin and FSH was also shown as (r = 0.308, P < 0.05). In the control group of girls, there were positive correlations between leptin, LH and E2 (r = 0.585, 0.647, P < 0.01). Any correlations between LH, FSH T and E2 were not shown in the two obese groups of boys and girls. CONCLUSION: The leptin, orexinA, insulin, T, E2, and LH concentrations had been changed significantly in blood among those obesity children, and so as their interactions. The high level of leptin in obesity children may change the concentrations of T, E2 and LH and affect the development of puberty. FAU - Lou, Xiao-min
Leuprolide stimulation testing for the evaluation of early female sexual maturation.$$$ CONTEXT: Low concentrations of serum LH and/or oestradiol (E(2)) in girls with early physical signs of precocious puberty pose a diagnostic challenge. OBJECTIVE: To assess the diagnostic value of the leuprolide stimulation test in female precocious puberty. DESIGN: Retrospective Chart Review. SETTING: Outpatient clinic. PATIENTS AND INTERVENTION: Thirty-nine girls, 6.9 (1.4) years, with premature stage II-III breast development, with or without pubarche, underwent stimulation testing with subcutaneous leuprolide (20 microg/kg) with the following hormonal measurements in serum: FSH, LH, oestradiol at baseline; FSH and LH at 1 and 2 h; oestradiol at 24 h. Twelve girls with isolated pubarche were also tested with leuprolide. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: A pubertal hormonal pattern was defined as at least one of the following: a baseline serum level of LH > or = 0.3 U/l, a baseline oestradiol > or = 37 pmol/l (10 ng/l), a stimulated (peak) LH > or = 5.0 U/l, a stimulated oestradiol > or = 184 pmol/l (50 ng/l) to leuprolide. The hormonal response was related to the clinical course during a period of observation of at least 6 months. RESULTS: Following leuprolide stimulation, the hormonal response was concordant with pubertal progression (n = 23) or lack thereof (n = 16) in all children. At baseline, pubertal serum concentrations of LH and/or oestradiol were associated with pubertal progression in all, while serum prepubertal LH and/or oestradiol concentrations were associated with pubertal progression in approximately 50% of the patients. CONCLUSIONS: In girls with early clinical signs of precocious puberty and low serum concentrations of LH and oestradiol in random samples, the LH and oestradiol responses to leuprolide stimulation accurately predict pubertal progression. FAU - Sathasivam, Anpalakan
Association between leptin and transaminases: 1-year follow-up study in 180 overweight children.$$$ Leptin and insulin resistance are being discussed to be involved in the pathogenesis of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, which is frequently characterized by moderately elevated transaminases. However, longitudinal studies proving an association between leptin, insulin resistance, and transaminases are scarce. We examined weight status, aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), leptin, glucose, and insulin in 180 overweight children at baseline and 1 year later. Relationships between these parameters at baseline and their changes in the course of 1 year were determined by multiple regression analysis adjusted for age, sex, pubertal stage, and body mass index (BMI). Leptin but not homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance index correlated significantly to transaminases in both cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses. The same findings were observed in 30 children with suspected nonalcoholic fatty liver disease by ultrasound. The 130 children who participated in a 1-year lifestyle intervention reduced their overweight (standard deviation score [SDS]-BMI, -0.37 +/- 0.11). In the course of 1 year, their changes of transaminases depended on change of weight status (SDS-BMI decrease >0.5: ALT 12 [10-15] --> 9 [8-13] U/L, AST 11 [9-12] --> 9 [8-12] U/L; SDS-BMI decrease >0 but <or=0.5: ALT 14 [11-18] --> 16 [12-26] U/L, AST 10 [8-14] --> 10 [8-24] U/L; no SDS-BMI decrease: ALT 13 [11-20] --> 20[13-33] U/L, AST 11 [9-21] --> 15 [9-24] U/L; data as median and interquartile range). The 50 children without intervention increased their SDS-BMI (+0.02 +/- 0.18) and transaminases (ALT 14 [11-18] --> 19 [15-25] U/L, AST 10 [8-15] --> 16 [10-25] U/L). These findings suggest that leptin may be involved in the pathogenesis of liver diseases. However, to test this hypothesis, careful histologic assessments in correlation to leptin levels are needed. FAU - Reinehr, Thomas
High prevalence of precocious puberty and obesity in childhood narcolepsy with cataplexy.$$$ STUDY OBJECTIVES: We analyzed the potential predictive factors for precocious puberty, observed in some cases of childhood narcolepsy with cataplexy (NC) and for obesity, a much more common feature of NC, through a systematic assessment of pubertal staging, body mass index (BMI), and metabolic/endocrine biochemical analyses. DESIGN: Cross-sectional on consecutive recruitment. SETTING: Hospital sleep center and pediatric unit. PATIENTS: Forty-three children and adolescents with NC versus 52 age-matched obese children as controls. INTERVENTIONS: N/A. MEASUREMENTS AND RESULTS: Patients underwent clinical interview, polysomnographic recordings, cerebrospinal fluid hypocretin-1 measurement, and human leukocyte antigen typing. Height, weight, arterial blood pressure, and Tanner pubertal stage were evaluated. Plasma lipid and glucose profiles were analyzed. When an altered pubertal development was clinically suspected, plasma concentrations of hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis hormones were determined. Children with NC showed a high prevalence of overweight/obesity (74%) and a higher occurrence of precocious puberty (17%) than obese controls (1.9%). Isolated signs of accelerated pubertal development (thelarche, pubic hair, advanced bone age) were also present (41%). Precocious puberty was significantly predicted by a younger age at first NC symptom onset but not by overweight/obesity or other factors. In addition, overweight/obesity was predicted by younger age at diagnosis; additional predictors were found for overweight/obesity (short disease duration, younger age at weight gain and lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol), which did not include precocious puberty. NC symptoms, pubertal signs appearance, and body weight gain developed in close temporal sequence. CONCLUSIONS: NC occurring during prepubertal age is frequently accompanied by precocious puberty and overweight/obesity, suggesting an extended hypothalamic dysfunction. The severity of these comorbidities and the potential related risks require a multidiagnostic approach and a tailored therapeutic management. FAU - Poli, Francesca
Branched Chain Amino Acids, Androgen Hormones, and Metabolic Risk Across Early Adolescence: A Prospective Study in Project Viva.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to examine the associations of two obesity-related metabolite patterns with changes in metabolic biomarkers during early adolescence. METHODS: Multivariable linear regression was used to examine associations of branched chain amino acid (BCAA) and androgen hormone patterns with changes in glycemia (fasting glucose, insulin, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance), adipokines (leptin, adiponectin), inflammation (C-reactive protein, interleukin-6), lipid profile, and blood pressure during ∼5 years of follow-up among 213 children aged 6 to 10 years at baseline. Covariates included baseline age, pubertal status, biomarker level, and BMI percentile, and age at follow-up. Interactions with sex and baseline BMI percentile were also considered. RESULTS: The median age at baseline was 7.7 years; 48.8% were boys. In adjusted models, each 1 unit of the BCAA pattern corresponded with a 4.82 (95% CI: 0.92 to 8.71) mg/dL decrease in fasting glucose in boys. In girls, the BCAA pattern was associated with an increase in triglycerides (4.17 [0.03 to 8.32] mg/dL). The androgen pattern was associated with decreased leptin (-2.35 [-4.34 to -0.35] ng/dL) and increased C-reactive protein (0.28 [0.03 to 0.54] mg/dL) in girls. These relationships did not differ by baseline BMI percentile. CONCLUSIONS: The BCAA and androgen hormone metabolite patterns are related to changes in metabolic parameters in a sex-specific manner during early adolescence.
Anthropometric and Biochemical Determinants of Estimated Glomerular Filtration Rate in a Large Cohort of Obese Children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: We aimed to investigate which clinical and metabolic factors could influence the estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) levels, evaluating a large population of obese children without suspect of primary kidney disease. DESIGN: Retrospective, cross-sectional study. SETTING: Pediatric university department. SUBJECTS: We enrolled 2,957 obese children and adolescents consecutively attending our department between January 2000 and 2017. Inclusion criteria were body mass index (BMI) > 95th percentile and eGFR > 90 mL/min/1.73 m(2). Exclusion criteria were secondary forms of obesity, eGFR < 90 mL/min/1.73 m(2), proteinuria/hematuria at urine dipstick, or consumption of any medication. INTERVENTIONS: Weight, waist circumference, height, waist to height ratio (W/Hr), BMI-standard deviation score (SDS), pubertal stage, systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP), duration of obesity, insulin, eGFR, and homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR) were obtained. A general linear model was performed for a multiple variable analysis. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: The population was divided in tertiles for BMI-SDS, W/Hr, SBP- and DBP-SDS, HOMA-IR, and duration of obesity. We compared eGFR levels among these tertiles. RESULTS: The eGFR levels significantly increased across both BMI-SDS and W/Hr tertiles. Conversely the eGFR levels significantly decreased across SBP-SDS, HOMA-IR, and duration of obesity tertiles. No significant differences in eGFR levels across DBP-SDS tertiles were detected. Pubertal patients presented significantly lower eGFR values compared with prepubertal patients. A general linear model for eGFR variance including as covariates W/Hr, HOMA-IR, duration of obesity, pubertal stage, BMI-SDS, and SBP-SDS (model R(2) 39.7%; model P < .00001) was performed. It confirmed a direct association of eGFR values with BMI-SDS and an indirect association with HOMA-IR, duration of obesity, pubertal stage, and SBP-SDS. CONCLUSIONS: We showed a positive correlation of eGFR with both BMI-SDS and a negative one with SBP-SDS, HOMA-IR, pubertal stage, and duration of obesity. The duration of obesity was the variable most significantly associated to eGFR levels.
Dyslipidemia and hyperinsulinemia in children and adolescents with chronic liver disease: relation to disease severity.$$$ BACKGROUND: Lipid metabolism is profoundly disturbed in chronic liver diseases (CLD). Moreover, patients with cirrhosis displayed chronically elevated serum insulin (SI) concentrations. OBJECTIVES: The aim of this work was to assess fasting lipid profile (FLP) and SI levels among Egyptian patients with CLD and their relation to severity of liver disease. METHODS: A total of 40 Egyptian children with CLD were compared with 30 age-, sex-, and pubertal stage-matched controls. All subjects were subjected to history and auxological assessment; their FLP, fasting blood glucose (FBG) and SI were measured; and their fasting glucose/insulin (G/I) ratios were calculated. RESULTS: Total cholesterol (TC, p=0.006), triglycerides (TG, p=0.03), low density lipoproteins (LDL, p=0.034), and SI (p<0.001) were significantly higher while high density lipoproteins (HDL, p<0.001) and G/I ratio (p<0.001) were significantly lower as serum albumin decreased; these were also lower among cases with a progressive decrease going from child A to C. Of the 40 studied cases, eight (20%) had hypercholesterolemia, 13 (32.5%) had hypertriglyceridemia, 17 (42.5%) had low HDL and 9 (22.5%) had high LDL, 32 (80%) had hyperinsulinemia (HI), and 11 (27.5%) had insulin resistance (IR). CONCLUSIONS: Dyslipidemia and HI were frequent findings in patients with CLD, which worsened with increased severity of CLD. FAU - El-Kabbany, Zeinab A
The association of vitamin D status with cardiometabolic risk factors, obesity and puberty in children.$$$ Low serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 (25(OH)D) levels have been associated with insulin resistance and cardiovascular diseases. The influences of gender, puberty and adiposity on vitamin D status and the relationship between 25(OH)D and cardiometabolic risk factors in obese and non-obese children were studied. A retrospective analysis was carried out on 168 Turkish children during late winter. Age, gender, puberty, body mass index (BMI), 25(OH)D levels and cardiometabolic risk factors including lipid profiles, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein and insulin resistance index calculated by homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR) were evaluated. The median age of the study population was 11 (4-16) years, and 102 children (60.7 %) were prepubertal. Overall, 98.2 % of patients had 25(OH)D levels lower than 20 ng/mL (median 10.0 (4.0-21.3) ng/mL). The 25(OH)D levels did not correlate with BMI. However, an inverse correlation was seen between serum 25(OH)D and HOMA-IR (rho = -0.656, p = 0.006) and insulin (rho = -0.715, p = 0.002) in pubertal obese subjects. Female gender and puberty were all negatively associated with 25(OH)D. CONCLUSION: The association between vitamin D status and BMI is complex, and it does not seem to be altered by mild obesity. In addition, potential influence of puberty should be kept in mind while assessing the relationship between serum 25(OH)D and cardiometabolic risk factors. FAU - Aypak, Cenk
Serum insulin-like growth factor (IGF) binding protein-3 and IGF-I levels during childhood and adolescence. A cross-sectional study.$$$ To investigate the effect of pubertal development on serum levels of IGF binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) and IGF-I, and the relationship between IGFBP-3 levels and height, weight, weight for height and age (WFHA), and IGF-I levels, a cross-sectional study was performed in a Spanish basic education school in Vigo (NW Spain). The study was made up of 181 girls with a mean chronologic age of 11.03 +/- 0.22 y and 173 boys with a mean chronologic age of 10.9 +/- 0.23 y. The pubertal development was graded into three groups according to estradiol and testosterone concentrations for girls and boys, respectively. All subjects were in good health and among the 5th and 95th percentile for height. Serum IGFBP-3 and plasma IGF-I concentration was determined by RIA. Pubertal development was significantly associated with IGFBP-3 and IGF-I concentrations in girls and boys, respectively (p < 0.0001, analysis of variance). Multivariate regression analyses between IGF-I or IGFBP-3 with age, sex, and estradiol or testosterone show significative correlation in prepubertal children for IGF-I (r = 0.545, p = 0.0001 and r = 0.574, p = 0.0001 for girls and boys, respectively) and only in prepubertal boys for IGFBP-3 (r = 0.336, p = 0.0012). The linear correlation between IGF-I and IGFBP-3 was significant in both prepubertal (r = 0.25, p < 0.0001) and pubertal (r = 0.40, p < 0.0001) girls, but only in prepubertal boys (r = 0.30, p < 0.0001).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS) FAU - Andrade Olivié, M A
Relationship between changes in plasma leptin concentrations and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 in obese prepubertal children after nine months of treatment.$$$ BACKGROUND/AIMS: The metabolic syndrome (MS) is associated with insulin resistance (IR), inappropriate fibrinolysis and high plasma leptin concentrations. The aim of this study was to quantify fibrinolysis and MS-related variables in obese prepubertal children and to evaluate changes in these variables as a result of improved body mass index (BMI), IR and leptin levels following 9 months of treatment. METHODS: The homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), leptin, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) and lipid profile were studied at baseline in obese (n = 50) and nonobese children (n = 50), and after 9 months of treatment in obese children. RESULTS: In the cross-sectional study the mean values for insulin, HOMA-IR, triglycerides, leptin and PAI-1 were significantly higher in obese children than in controls. High-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLc) and apolipoprotein A-1 were significantly lower. In the longitudinal study, after 9 months, children with lowered BMI standard deviation score displayed a significant decrease in insulin, HOMA-IR, PAI-1, leptin and triglyceride levels, and an increase in HDLc. Only leptin proved to be an independent predictive factor for changes in PAI-1 (p = 0.010). CONCLUSION: Obesity-linked disorders appear in obese children prior to puberty; these disorders can be improved by decreasing BMI. Changes in leptin levels were found to independently predict changes in PAI-1 in obese children and can help to diagnose complications associated with the obesity. FAU - Valle Jiménez, Miguel
Efficient fat storage in premenopausal women and in early pregnancy: a role for estrogen.$$$ There is a sexual dimorphism in body fat in humans. Adipose tissue increases with puberty and early pregnancy in women, suggesting gonadal steroids can influence body fat. Previously, we have observed that oral estrogen, compared with transdermal estrogen, reduced postprandial lipid oxidation and increased body fat, possibly due to suppressed hepatic lipid oxidation. If estrogen effects lipid oxidation, we predicted that subjects with significantly different endogenous estrogen production would oxidize lipids at different rates. The aim of this study was to compare energy metabolism in 12 pregnant (19 wk gestation, 29 +/- 1 yr, 1.66 +/- 0.02 m, 73.5 +/- 2.4 kg), 11 nonpregnant premenopausal (29 +/- 2 yr, 1.68 +/- 0.02 m, 63.1 +/- 1.8 kg), and 28 postmenopausal (58 +/- 1 yr, 1.62 +/- 0.01 m, 69.9 +/- 1.0 kg) women who were not receiving estrogen, and to relate these findings to endogenous estrogen concentrations. All women underwent indirect calorimetry under identical situations in the basal and postprandial state following a standard mixed meal. Basal (5998 +/- 184 vs. 5712 +/- 184 vs. 5800 +/- 121 kJ.24 h, respectively) and postprandial energy expenditure (7172 +/- 239 vs. 6964 +/- 210 vs. 6955 +/- 147 kJ.24 h) was similar among groups. However, basal lipid oxidation was reduced in pregnant (45.3 +/- 6.1 mg/min, P < 0.05) and nonpregnant women (44.5 +/- 6.3 mg/min, P < 0.05) compared with postmenopausal women (58.4 +/- 2.9 mg/min). Postprandial lipid oxidation differed among groups, being least in pregnant women (8.8 +/- 6.2 mg/min) compared with nonpregnant (28.9 +/- 6.4 mg/min, P < 0.04) and postmenopausal (48.1 +/- 4.0 mg/min, P = 0.0001) women. There was a significant reciprocal increase in postprandial carbohydrate oxidation. Mean postprandial glucose levels were slightly but nonsignificantly higher in pregnant women. Insulin levels were significantly higher in postmenopausal compared nonpregnant, but not pregnant, women. In a multiple regression analysis, serum estradiol (log transformed) correlated negatively with postprandial lipid oxidation (r = -0.66, P = 0.0001) and positively with postprandial nonesterified free fatty acid levels, whereas no correlation was found with postprandial insulin, glucose, fat free mass, and fat mass. In summary, postprandial lipid oxidation is reduced in pregnancy compared with that in healthy nonpregnant women, who in turn have lower postprandial lipid oxidation than postmenopausal women. This implies that the premenopausal years and early pregnancy are states of efficient fat storage, possibly mediated through reduced lipid oxidation due to estrogen, therefore increasing body fat for reproduction, thus supporting the notion that fat mass can be regulated. FAU - O'Sullivan, A J
Type I and II endometrial cancers: have they different risk factors?$$$ PURPOSE: Endometrial cancers have long been divided into estrogen-dependent type I and the less common clinically aggressive estrogen-independent type II. Little is known about risk factors for type II tumors because most studies lack sufficient cases to study these much less common tumors separately. We examined whether so-called classical endometrial cancer risk factors also influence the risk of type II tumors. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Individual-level data from 10 cohort and 14 case-control studies from the Epidemiology of Endometrial Cancer Consortium were pooled. A total of 14,069 endometrial cancer cases and 35,312 controls were included. We classified endometrioid (n = 7,246), adenocarcinoma not otherwise specified (n = 4,830), and adenocarcinoma with squamous differentiation (n = 777) as type I tumors and serous (n = 508) and mixed cell (n = 346) as type II tumors. RESULTS: Parity, oral contraceptive use, cigarette smoking, age at menarche, and diabetes were associated with type I and type II tumors to similar extents. Body mass index, however, had a greater effect on type I tumors than on type II tumors: odds ratio (OR) per 2 kg/m(2) increase was 1.20 (95% CI, 1.19 to 1.21) for type I and 1.12 (95% CI, 1.09 to 1.14) for type II tumors (P heterogeneity < .0001). Risk factor patterns for high-grade endometrioid tumors and type II tumors were similar. CONCLUSION: The results of this pooled analysis suggest that the two endometrial cancer types share many common etiologic factors. The etiology of type II tumors may, therefore, not be completely estrogen independent, as previously believed. FAU - Setiawan, Veronica Wendy
Reliability of clonidine testing for the diagnosis of growth hormone deficiency in children and adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The diagnosis of growth hormone deficiency (GHD) is currently based on clinical, auxological, biochemical and neuro-radiological investigation. Provocative tests of GH secretion using physiological/pharmacological stimuli are required to confirm GHD. The clonidine test (CT) is widely used to assess GH secretory status. In this retrospective study, we analyzed the reliability of CT and the effect of puberty in a large number of children with short stature who had been evaluated for suspected GHD. DESIGN AND PATIENTS: Data were collected retrospectively from 327 children and adolescents with short stature (204 boys and 123 girls, median age 10.5 years (IQR 7.90-12.40) followed in four Italian Paediatric Endocrine Units (Cagliari, Genova, Napoli and Roma) between 2005 and 2013. MEASUREMENTS: All children underwent CT as the first GH stimulation test after exclusion of other known cause of their short stature. RESULTS: In 73 prepubertal children and 25 pubertal children, the GH peak after CT was <7 μg/L. GHD was confirmed in 87 (37 organic, 50 idiopathic). Six prepubertal and five pubertal patients showed false positive responses. The median BMI-SDS in these children was similar to that of children with GH peak ≥7 μg/L, and none were obese. Overall, the prevalence of false-positive responses was 3.3%. The median (IQR) peak GH after CT was similar between prepubertal and pubertal GHD (3.80 μg/L [1.7-6.00] vs 3.51 μg/L [0.76-5.74]) and non-GHD (13.70 μg/L [10.70-18.40] vs 12.40 μg/L [9.90-19.25]) children. CONCLUSIONS: Our results show that CT is a reliable and safe GH-releasing agent in both prepubertal and pubertal children.
Type 1 diabetic children have abnormal lipid profiles during pubertal years.$$$ AIM/HYPOTHESIS: To study the prevalence of hypercholesterolemia, hypertriglyceridemia and the relationship between metabolic control, pubertal status and plasma lipoprotein levels in children with diabetes mellitus. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted on 126 subjects with type I diabetes followed at our institution. There were 57 boys and 69 girls (mean age: 13.4+/-3.4 yr; mean duration of diabetes: 7.3+/-2.1 yr), on whom fasting lipoprotein levels and pubertal status were determined. Mean glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) of the preceding year was used in the analysis. Cholesterol (CT) and triglyceride (TG) levels were transformed into standard deviations (SD) using age dependent normal values. RESULTS: 1) CT levels of DM children (mean level: +0.9+/-1.2 SD) are higher for both sexes and at each age. Sixteen percent of the cases had CT level > or =2 SD. Within the range of the HbA1c observed (9.1+/-1.2%), CT levels are not correlated with the degree of metabolic control. In contrast to non-diabetic children, CT levels of the diabetic children did not vary throughout pubertal stages. CT levels correlated highly with apolipoprotein B (r=0.79; p<0.00001 and r(2)=82%, in univariate and multivariate analysis, respectively. 2) Plasma TG levels are comparable in the diabetic children (mean level: -0.11+/-0.9 SD) and non-diabetic children. Only 5% of the diabetic children have a TG level > or =2 SD. The TG levels are significantly, but weakly, positively correlated with duration of diabetes and the degree of metabolic control (r(2)=12% and 16%, respectively, p<0.0001 for both). CONCLUSIONS: Plasma CT levels of type I diabetic children are increased in comparison to non-diabetic children and do not follow the usual decreasing pattern during puberty. FAU - Polak, M
Reduced peak stimulated growth hormone is associated with hyperuricemia in obese children and adolescents.$$$ The purpose of the study is to investigate whether reduced peak GH response to arginine-levodopa test is associated with hyperuricemia in obese children and adolescents. The study population consisted of a total sample of 78 obese and 30 normal-weight children and adolescents without known hypopituitarism. All participants underwent clinical examination and GH stimulation testing. IGF-1, lipid profile and other metabolic markers were assessed. The obese subjects were then divided into two groups according to the serum levels of uric acid. Results show that obese subjects had significantly lower peak GH, lower IGF-1 and similar height SDS than those in the control group. Children with hyperuricemia had significantly lower peak stimulated GH compared with non-hyperuricemia obese subjects. Results from logistic regression model showed that peak GH were negatively associated with hyperuricemia after controlling for age, gender, tanner stage, BMI SDS, IGF-1, blood pressure, HOMA-IR, lipids status. These data indicate that lower peak GH is positively associated with hyperuricemia in obese children and adolescents without known hypothalamic/pituitary disease after controlling BMI and insulin resistance, as well as other cardiometabolic risk factors. FAU - Liang, Shuang
Association of BMI with Linear Growth and Pubertal Development.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship of BMI with subsequent statural growth among children born in the era of the obesity epidemic. METHODS: Among 18,271 children from Belarus (n = 16,781, born 1996 to 1997) and the United States (n = 1,490, born 1999 to 2002), multivariable linear and ordinal logistic regression was used to analyze associations of BMI z score from infancy to adolescence with subsequent standardized length and height velocity, standing height and its components (trunk and leg lengths), and pubertal timing. RESULTS: The prevalence of early adolescent obesity was 6.2% in Belarus and 12.8% in the United States. In both Belarusian and US children, higher BMI z scores in infancy and childhood were associated with faster length and height velocity in early life, while higher BMI z scores during middle childhood were associated with slower length and height velocity during adolescence. Associations with greater standing height and trunk length and earlier pubertal development in adolescence were stronger for BMI z scores at middle childhood than BMI z scores at birth or infancy. CONCLUSIONS: These findings in both Belarus and the United States support the role of higher BMI in accelerating linear growth in early life (taller stature and longer trunk length) but earlier pubertal development and slower linear growth during adolescence.
Insulin sensitivity and secretion in children and adolescents with hypothalamic obesity following treatment for craniopharyngioma.$$$ BACKGROUND: Craniopharyngioma (CP), a tumour occurring in the hypothalamic-pituitary area, results in morbid obesity in 25-60% of affected children. It has been suggested that abnormalities of insulin secretion and/or insulin action due to hypothalamic injury may be associated with weight gain and the metabolic syndrome in this population. AIM: To evaluate: (i) insulin secretion (IS) and insulin sensitivity (Si); (ii) features of the metabolic syndrome (MS) and (iii) factors involved in risk for diabetes and heart disease in obese youth treated for CP. METHODS: Obese subjects treated for CP were compared to BMI-matched control subjects. All subjects underwent anthropometric, blood pressure, resting energy expenditure and body fat assessment. Cholesterol and inflammatory markers, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and frequent sampling intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIGT), with calculation of IS and Si, were performed. RESULTS: Fifteen CP subjects and 15 controls (C) were studied. There were no differences between CP and C for age, gender, BMI or pubertal status. MS was present in 10/15 CP and 3/15 C (P = 0.03), including impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) in 6/15 CP and 0/15 C (P = 0.02). Measures of IS, including first and second phase IS, and insulin area-under-the-curve (AUC(ins)) during OGTT, were significantly higher in CP. Si, measured by frequent sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (Si-FSIGT), was significantly lower in CP subjects (0.96 +/- 0.34 vs. 1.67 +/- 0.7; P = 0.01). AUC(ins) was negatively correlated with Si-FSIGT (r = -0.62; P = 0.003). CONCLUSION: Children with CP and hypothalamic obesity have more features of MS, increased IS and IGT prevalence and lower Si compared with BMI-matched controls. FAU - Simoneau-Roy, Judith
Effects of the use of growth hormone in children and adolescents with juvenile idiopathic arthritis: a systematic review.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Children with juvenile idiopathic arthritis (JIA) often have impaired growth and short stature. There is evidence that the therapeutic use of growth hormone (GH) is useful and safe in these patients. OBJECTIVE: To analyze the effects of GH use in patients with JIA. METHOD: A systematic review of the literature over the last 18 years in Medline and Embase databases. The criteria were analyzed independently by the researchers. We used the following keywords: "growth hormone", "arthritis, juvenile", "arthritis, rheumatoid", "child" and "adolescent". RESULTS: Among the 192 identified articles, 20 corresponded to the inclusion criteria. Seventeen longitudinal studies and 3 case reports were found. Most studies analyzed observed increased growth, muscle mass and bone mass using GH. Adverse effects observed were glucose intolerance, diabetes, bone deformities, osteonecrosis, reactivation of the disease and low final height. CONCLUSION: The majority of studies reported positive effects after the therapeutic use of GH, but some variability in response to treatment was observed. The combination of growth hormone with other drugs seems to be a good option.
Insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) serum concentrations in healthy children and adolescents: relationship to level of contamination by DDT-derivative pesticides.$$$ CONTEXT: Serum levels of Insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) play a critical role in children growth and in the pathogenesis of several diseases. In addition, recent studies suggest that DDT-derivative organochlorine pesticides (OC-DDTs) could influence IGF levels in human beings. OBJECTIVE AND DESIGN: Because it has been suggested that IGF-I peak levels at puberty could determine IGF-I levels in adulthood, we developed a cross-sectional study of the potential association between serum levels of OC-DDTs and IGF system in 160 serum samples from young people (81 boys and 79 girls) living in the Canary Islands (Spain). RESULTS: Multivariate tests were used adjusting for confounding variables (age, height, and weight) and stratifying by gender and age: IGF-I serum levels were significantly lower in pre-pubertal male children (6-15years) who showed detectable values of p,p'-DDE, and p,p'-DDD than in pre-pubertal male children with undetectable levels of these OC-DDTs-metabolites (p=0.023 and p=0.049, respectively). In addition, in this multivariate model, a non-linear dose-response curve was observed between Total DDT body burden (sum of the three DDT-derivatives measured: p,p'-DDT, p,p'-DDE, and p,p'-DDD) and IGF-I in pre-pubertal male children (6-15years; p=0.043). CONCLUSION: These findings suggest that OC-DDTs could modulate the IGF-system in a way that is highly influenced by gender and age. Improvements in our understanding of exogenous determinants of the IGF-system may provide new insights into the role played by environmental contaminants in IGF-related diseases.
Age at Menarche and Blood Pressure in Pregnancy.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To investigate whether age at menarche is related to maternal blood pressure in pregnancy and, if so, whether obesity and insulin resistance can modify the associations. STUDY DESIGN: Analysis of data collected from 438 pregnant women from the longitudinal and prospective Cambridge Baby Growth Study. MAIN OUTCOME: Testing associations between questionnaire-derived age at menarche and blood pressure measurements in pregnancy collected from hospital notes, and investigating whether any associations were altered by maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and insulin resistance. MEASURES: Mean arterial blood pressure at four time points across pregnancy, age at menarche, (Homeostasis Model Assessment) insulin resistance around week 28 of pregnancy. RESULTS: For each increased year in age at menarche there was a drop in mean arterial blood pressure (mmHg) of 0.6 at 11.9 weeks, 0.9 at 31.4 and 37.0 weeks, and 0.4 at 38.8 weeks (a maximal difference of over 7 mmHg across extremes of AAM). Each association was attenuated by both maternal pre-pregnancy BMI and insulin resistance. CONCLUSIONS: Age at menarche is negatively associated with future blood pressure in pregnancy, so those with the earliest age at menarche have the highest blood pressures. Either these associations may be mediated by links between age at menarche and obesity/insulin resistance, or there may be a confounder (e.g. systemic inflammation) that links age at menarche to each of them. FAU - Petry, Clive J
The Diagnostic Value of Anti-Müllerian Hormone in Early Post Menarche Adolescent Girls with Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome.$$$ STUDY OBJECTIVE: Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is a common endocrine disorder characterized by hyperandrogenism and chronic anovulation, which affects 5%-10% of reproductive-age women. Diagnosis of adult patients with PCOS is made easily with clinical and laboratory methods and the anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH) level are accepted as a good indicator. However, there is still no complete consensus on the diagnosis of PCOS in adolescents. DESIGN AND SETTING: Prospective cohort study, December 2013 to November 2014. PARTICIPANTS: The study was conducted on adolescent girls with oligomenorrhea, with at least 2 years since menarche. The study group consisted of adolescent girls with complete PCOS and incomplete PCOS. A control group was formed of healthy adolescent girls. Complete PCOS was diagnosed according to the Rotterdam criteria, as the presence of all the following characteristics: oligomenorrhea, hyperandrogenism, and polycystic ovarian morphology on ultrasound image. Incomplete PCOS was accepted as "oligomenorrhea and polycystic ovarian morphology," or "oligomenorrhea and hyperandrogenism." INTERVENTIONS AND MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: All patients underwent a physical examination and the anthropometric assessments, insulin resistance, and acanthosis nigricans were recorded. It was also noted whether or not the patient had an acne score. The Ferriman-Gallwey score was applied to evaluate hirsutism. RESULTS: The results of this study showed that no statistically significant difference was found between the PCOS and incomplete PCOS groups and the control group with respect to AMH levels. CONCLUSION: The use of adult-specific diagnostic methods in adolescence might result in an incomplete diagnosis and inadequate treatment plan. Although the serum AMH level clearly facilitates the diagnosis of PCOS, the use of the AMH level in adolescence in PCOS diagnosis is still controversial and further studies are needed.
Seven cases with Williams-Beuren syndrome: endocrine evaluation and long-term follow-up.$$$ BACKGROUND: Endocrine evaluation and long-term follow-up of seven (six male) patients with Williams-Beuren syndrome (WBS) are given. METHOD: Data were obtained from patients' medical records. All patients underwent hormonal analyses and four of them underwent oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). RESULTS: They all had mild hypercalcemia. Three of them had overt hypothyroidism while subclinical hypothyroidism was detected in three patients. Four patients had thyroid hypoplasia and one had thyroid agenesis. Growth hormone deficiency (GHD) was determined in one patient. Impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) was found in three adolescents. All adolescents had early-onset puberty. The follow-up duration was 5.7±2.1 years. The mean growth velocity (GV) was 12.9±7.2 cm and 7.6±2 cm at the end of the first and second years of therapy, respectively. All patients had neurodevelopment retardation and were continuing to special education. CONCLUSIONS: Thyroid hypoplasia is common and agenesis can be seen in patients with WBS; therefore, thyroid hormones should be measured in the newborn period and annually. GHD should be kept in mind in patients with decreased GV. IGT might be detected in patients with WBS even in adolescence. FAU - Güven, Ayla
[Idiopathic central precocious puberty in girls in Bahia, Brazil].$$$ INTRODUCTION: Although the therapeutic effects of GnRH analogues (GnRHa) in central precocious puberty (CPP) have been established, clinical aspects may vary according to racial groups. OBJECTIVE AND METHODS: To describe the profile of 175 girls from Bahia, Brazil, treated with GnRHa for idiopathic CPP. RESULTS: The mulatto racial group predominated in the sample. The chronological age at puberty was 6.3 +/- 0.1 years. At diagnosis, height was 2.2 +/- 0.1 SD and body mass index (BMI) was 1.5 +/- 0.1 SD (> 2 SD in 32%), this one, inversely associated with age at onset of puberty (R = -0.20, p = 0.008). At treatment, chronological and bone ages were 8.4 +/- 0.1 years and 10.3 +/- 0.1 years, respectively. At the end of treatment (n = 52) age, BMI and height were 10.6 +/- 0.1 years, 1.6 +/- 0.2 SD and 1.9 +/- 0.2 SD, respectively. CONCLUSION: Clinical presentation and evolution were similar to other studies, independently of racial characteristics. In this sample, treatment with GnRHa was not associated to significant weight gain. FAU - Aguiar, Ana Luísa
Homeostatic model assessment of adiponectin (HOMA-Adiponectin) as a surrogate measure of insulin resistance in adolescents: Comparison with the hyperglycaemic clamp and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance.$$$ BACKGROUND: Studies on adults have reported inverse association between the homeostatic model assessment (HOMA) of adiponectin (HOMA-Adiponectin) and the insulin resistance assessed by the glucose clamp technique. To our knowledge, in the pediatric population this association has not been previously investigated. OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the association between the HOMA-Adiponectin and the insulin resistance assessed by the glucose clamp technique in adolescents, and to compare the accuracy of HOMA-Adiponectin and HOMA-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) for identifying insulin resistance. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study of 56 adolescents (aged 10-18 years). Insulin resistance was assessed using the HOMA-IR, HOMA-Adiponectin and the hyperglycaemic clamp technique. The clamp-derived insulin sensitivity index, HOMA-Adiponectin, and HOMA-IR were log-transformed to get closer to a normal distribution before analysis. RESULTS: In the multivariable linear regression analysis controlling for sex and Tanner stage, HOMA-Adiponectin was inversely associated with the clamp-derived insulin sensitivity index (unstandardized coefficient [B] = -0.441; P < 0.001). After additional adjustment for waist circumference-to-height ratio, this association remained significant (B = -0.349; P = < 0.001). Similar results were observed when HOMA-IR replaced HOMA-Adiponectin in the model (B = -1.049 and B = -0.968 after additional adjustment for waist circumference-to-height ratio); all P < 0.001. The area under the receiver operating characteristic curve for predicting insulin resistance was 0.712 (P = 0.02) for HOMA-Adiponectin and 0.859 (P < 0.0001) HOMA-IR. CONCLUSIONS: The HOMA-Adiponectin was independently associated with insulin resistance and exhibited a good discriminatory power for predicting it. However, it did not show superiority over HOMA-IR in the diagnostic accuracy. FAU - da Silva, Cleliani de Cassia
The Beneficial Effect of Combined GH/GnRHa Therapy in Increasing Adult Height Outcome in Children With ISS.$$$ CONTEXT: Management of GH-treated children with idiopathic short stature (ISS) with early puberty and adolescents in midpuberty at initiation of treatment is challenging. OBJECTIVE: To assess the effect of combined GH/GnRHa therapy during puberty on achieved adult height (AHt) in these children with ISS and to determine whether outcome depended on sex and pubertal status at initiation of GH therapy. DESIGN: Retrospective, single-center observational study from 2003-2018. SETTING: Tertiary endocrine center. PATIENTS: One hundred ninety-two GH-treated children with ISS; 58 of 192 were treated by GH/GnRHa during puberty; 31 of 58 were prepubertal (19 girls) and 27 of 58 pubertal (19 girls) at initiation of GH. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: AHt, gain-in-height standard deviation score (SDS), AHt vs predicted adult height (PAHt), AHt vs target height (THt). RESULTS: Most boys and girls attained AHt SDS within the normal range (-0.73 ± 0.60 and -0.85 ± 0.65, respectively). Treatment modality, pubertal status, and sex were tested for their joint effect on growth outcome measures. Combined GH/GnRHa therapy increased AHt vs PAHt (P < 0.001) and AHt vs THt (P = 0.035). Prepubertal status at onset of GH treatment increased AHt (P = 0.049), gain-in-height SDS (P < 0.001), AHt vs PAHt (P < 0.001), and AHt vs THt (P = 0.042). Female sex increased AHt vs PAHt (P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Our study demonstrated a beneficial effect of combined GH/GnRHa therapy in increasing AHt outcome in children with ISS with early/normal puberty and in adolescents naïve to GH treatment who are in midpuberty at initiation of therapy. This effect was more pronounced in the prepubertal group and in girls. Prospective randomized controlled trials are needed to assess whether GnRHa can increase AHt in GH-treated children with ISS.
Serum Adiponectin Levels and Cardiorespiratory Fitness in Nonoverweight and Overweight Portuguese Adolescents: The LabMed Physical Activity Study.$$$ PURPOSE: This study examined the independent associations between cardiorespiratory fitness and circulating adiponectin concentration in adolescents, controlling for several potential covariates. METHODS: This is a cross-sectional study in Portuguese adolescents. A sample of 529 (267 girls) aged 12-18 years were included and categorized as overweight and nonoverweight. Cardiorespiratory fitness was assessed by 20 meters shuttle run test. We measured serum adiponectin, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, fasting glucose, insulin and HDL-cholesterol. RESULTS: After adjustment for age, sex, pubertal stage, adherence to the Mediterranean diet, socioeconomic status, body fat percentage, insulin resistance, HDL-cholesterol and C-reactive protein, regression analysis showed a significant inverse association between adiponectin and cardiorespiratory fitness in nonoverweight participants (B=-0.359; p < .042). Analysis of covariance showed a significant difference between the highest cardiorespiratory fitness Healthy zone (above healthy zone) and the Under and the Healthy cardiorespiratory fitness zones in nonoverweight adolescents (p = .03) (F ((2, 339)) = 3.156, p < .001). CONCLUSION: Paradoxically, serum adiponectin levels are inversely associated with cardiorespiratory fitness in nonoverweight, but not in overweight adolescents. In nonoverweight adolescents, those with highest levels of cardiorespiratory fitness (above healthy zone) presented lower levels of adiponectin compared with those in Under and Healthy cardiorespiratory fitness zones. FAU - Agostinis-Sobrinho, César
Relationships of acylated and des-acyl ghrelin levels to bone mineralization in obese children and adolescents.$$$ AIMS: Bodyweight is a significant predictor of bone mass. Hormonal factors are thought to play a role in the mechanisms controlling the association of body weight and fat mass with bone mass. Very recently, the orexigenic hormone ghrelin has also been implicated in bone metabolism. In this study we examined the associations of circulating acylated and des-acyl ghrelin concentrations with measures of bone in a group of obese children and adolescents as well as in a group of healthy control children. We also determined whether the associations were independent of body composition, chronological age, gender, Tanner stage, and leptin, glucose, insulin and insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-1 levels. METHODS: We performed a prospective cross-sectional study of 100 obese children [age, 8.9 (8.3 to 9.4); BMI-Standard Deviation Score (SDS), 2.2 (2.0 to 2.3)], and 100 age-matched lean healthy subjects. Fasting insulin, leptin, IGF-1, acylated and total ghrelin were measured by radioimmunoassay. Des-acyl ghrelin values were calculated as total ghrelin minus acylated ghrelin. Whole body (WB) and lumbar spine (LS) BMD, and BMC as well as body composition were assessed by DXA (Hologic QDR-4500W). LS volumetric BMD (BMAD) was estimated using the formula of Katzman (BMC/area(1.5)), while WB BMC data were expressed as BMC/height. RESULTS: Backward linear regression analysis was performed for individual groups, with age, gender, Tanner stage, weight, height, body composition (lean and fat mass), acylated ghrelin, des-acyl ghrelin, leptin, glucose, insulin, and IGF-1, entered into the model. In healthy children, acylated ghrelin was a significant and independent negative predictor of WB BMD, and WB BMC/height, while lean mass was positively associated significantly with these bone measures. In contrast, in obese children, a positive significant association was observed between des-acyl ghrelin and WB BMD as well as WB BMC/height, along with lean mass, and to a lesser degree, with fat mass. Acylated as well as des-acyl ghrelin were not significant predictors of LS BMD and LS BMAD in obese as well as control children. CONCLUSIONS: The results of this investigation indicate that the influence of the two distinct isoforms of ghrelin on BMD is mediated by specific body composition parameters in obese and control healthy children. FAU - Pacifico, Lucia
Cardiovascular risk factors in pre-pubertal schoolchildren in Angola.$$$ METHODS: The incidence of obesity is increasing worldwide, especially in countries with accelerated economic growth. We determined the prevalence of and associations between overweight/obesity and cardiovascular risk factors in pre-pubertal (seven- to 11-year-old) schoolchildren (both genders, n = 198) in Luanda, Angola. Biochemical (fasting blood) and clinical examinations were obtained in a single visit. Data are reported as prevalence (95% confidence intervals) and association (r, Pearson). RESULTS: Prevalence of overweight/obesity was 17.7% (12.4- 23.0%), high blood pressure (BP > 90% percentile) was 14.6% (9.7-19.5%), elevated glucose level was 16.7% (11.5-21.9%) and total cholesterol level > 170 mg/dl (4.4 mmol/l) was 69.2% (62.8-75.6%). Significant associations between body mass index (BMI) and systolic and diastolic BP (r = 0.46 and 0.40, respectively; p < 0.05) were found. No association between BMI and elevated glucose or cholesterol levels was found. CONCLUSION: The prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors was high in pre-pubertal schoolchildren in Angola and fat accumulation was directly associated with blood pressure increase but not with other cardiovascular risk factors. FAU - Silva, Amílcar B
Through the looking glass at early-life exposures and breast cancer risk.$$$ The global increase in the proportion of women diagnosed with breast cancer, inadequate access to screening and high cost of treatment for breast cancer argue strongly for a greater focus on preventive strategies. But at what age is it appropriate to begin targeting preventive approaches? The recognized role of perinatal nutrition in neurologic development and the relation of maternal nutritional status to birthweight and subsequent risk of hypertension, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease identify pregnancy and early childhood as potential phases for prevention. This review examines indicators of hormonal and nutritional exposures in early life and breast cancer risk through the lens of the life course paradigm integrated with maternal and child health research and methodology. Compared to women who were normal birthweight (2500-3999 g), women who weighed>or=4,000 g at birth have a 20 percent to 5-fold increased risk of premenopausal breast cancer. Women born preterm and likely to be small- or large-for-date also have an increased risk. Birth length is directly associated with risk and has a larger magnitude of effect than birthweight. Prior preeclamptics and their daughters have a lower risk of breast cancer than comparable normotensives. An association between infant feeding practices and breast cancer is unclear without improved exposure assessment and analysis. Rapid childhood and pubertal linear growth increases breast cancer risk, while greater body fat over the same periods reduces risk. Growth data thus far have not been calculated in Z-scores from reference growth curves for comparison across studies. Events and secular trends influencing birth cohorts may not be adequately addressed, thereby limiting the interpretation and implications of the findings. Research in nonhuman primates may help uncover underlying mechanisms. FAU - Forman, Michele R
Hypothalamo-hypophysial dysfunction after traumatic brain injury in children and adolescents: a preliminary retrospective and prospective study.$$$ With two study protocols, one retrospective and the other prospective, we evaluated hypothalamo-hypophysial dysfunction (HHD) in paediatric patients treated for traumatic brain injury (TBI) in the neurosurgical or intensive care department at our hospital. The retrospective group comprised 22 patients who had experienced TBI 0.7-7.25 years before the study. The prospective group included 30 patients assessed at TBI (T0), 26 of 30 after 6 months (T6), and 20 of 26 after 12 months (T12). Auxological and hormonal basal parameters of hypothalamo-hypophysial function were evaluated at recall in the retrospective group, and at T0, T6 and T12 in the prospective group. Basal data and standard dynamic tests in selected patients revealed one with precocious puberty, one with total anterior hypopituitarism, one with central hypogonadism, and one with growth hormone (GH) deficiency in the retrospective group; three patients with cerebral salt-wasting syndrome, one with diabetes insipidus and seven with low T3 syndrome at T0 (all transient), one with hypocorticism at T6 confirmed at T12, and one with GH deficiency at T12 in the prospective group. The results of our study show that post-TBI HHD in our paediatric cohort is not uncommon. Of the 48 patients who underwent a complete evaluation (22 retrospective study patients and 26 prospective study patients evaluated at T6) five (10.4%) developed HHD 6 months or more after TBI. HHD was newly diagnosed in one previously normal patient from the prospective group at 12 months after TBI. GH deficiency was the most frequent disorder in our paediatric cohort. FAU - Einaudi, S
Age-related changes in serum insulin-like growth factor-I, insulin-like growth factor-I binding protein-3 and articular cartilage structure in Thoroughbred horses.$$$ REASONS FOR PERFORMING STUDY: Structural changes in articular cartilage associated with the ageing process require definition for investigators performing developmental and age-related studies, for which information is lacking. OBJECTIVES: To 1) determine the onset and end of puberty as defined by serum insulin like growth factor (IGF-I) and IGF-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) concentrations and 2) correlate articular-epiphyseal cartilage complex structural changes with the onset and end of puberty. METHODS: IGF-I and IGFBP-3 were measured in serum samples from normal female and male horses age 9-715 days to determine peak and steady-state values for horses transitioning through puberty. Osteochondral tissue sections were obtained from horses age 120-840 days (4-28 months) and examined histologically for cartilage canals and tidemark formation. RESULTS: In male and female horses, serum IGF-I/IGFBP-3 concentrations peaked at approximately 225 days, defining the onset of puberty. Cartilage canals were absent from articular cartilage just prior to this time point. IGF-I/IGFBP-3 concentrations declined to steady-state levels at approximately age 450 days, signalling exit from puberty and therefore the beginning of ageing. This time point correlated to initial formation of a tidemark in the osteochondral tissue sections. CONCLUSIONS: Horses may be considered pubescent at age 225-450 days, and post pubescent and ageing after age 450 days. POTENTIAL RELEVANCE: Defining the normal post natal to post pubescent concentrations for serum IGF-I and serum IGFBP-3 establishes subsets of animals for age-related studies and may be used to monitor horses for abnormally high IGF-I concentrations due to natural disease or subsequent to systemic growth hormone administration. FAU - Fortier, L A
A case of apparent hypopituitarism complicating chronic inflammatory bowel disease in childhood and adolescence.$$$ There is conflicting evidence regarding the adequacy of hypothalamic-pituitary function in children and adolescents with chronic inflammatory bowel disease complicated by growth retardation and delayed sexual maturation. A child with Crohn's disease, who has never received corticosteroid therapy, had delay of both growth and sexual maturation and has been investigated over the course of his disease. In addition to a skull X-ray (normal) and thyroid function tests (normal), a standard insulin tolerance test (insulin 0.15 u/kg) and a standard gonadotropin-releasing hormone (Gn-RH) test (100 microgram Gn-RH i/v) were performed when the bowel disease was in relapse and again during a remission of the bowel disease, achieved by surgery. When the bowel disease was in relapse (coincident with growth arrest) results showed an inadequate release of gonadotrophins and of growth hormone (even after pre-treatment with stilboestrol) but normal release of cortisol and prolactin. During a remission of the bowel disease coinciding with a period of rapid "catch-up" growth, release of growth hormone was normal and that of gonadotrophins supranormal. The demonstration of a reversible apparent partial hypopituitarism in this boy not only re-questions the adequacy of hypothalamic-pituitary function in inflammatory bowel disease but also indicates a potential diagnostic pitfall in the routine investigation of growth retardation if gastrointestinal symptoms are not prominent at presentation. FAU - Green, J R
Intraoperative use of high-field MRI in hypothalamic hamartomas associated with epilepsy: clinico-pathological presentation of five adult patients.$$$ BACKGROUND: Hypothalamic harmartomas (HHs) are either occasionally associated with medically intractable epileptic syndromes or precocious puberty. Due to the extraordinary location and the expansive intra-axial growth, surgical resection is difficult and challenging without causing severe neurological, hypothalamic or endocrinological deficits, which account for higher mortality and morbidity. METHODS: We present a series of five adult patients with drug-resistant epilepsy who had been operated on for HH using neuronavigation and intraoperative 1.5-T magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). In this retrospective investigation, we compared our surgical strategy and postoperative results to existing series. RESULTS: During surgery, we identified remnant HH in the first intraoperative MRI control scan in three out of five patients. After re-segmentation of the residual lesion using neuronavigation, complete resection was achieved in two of the three patients as confirmed by final intraoperative and late follow-up MRI, raising the rate of total resections to four out of five patients. Two patients died during the observation period. One patient suffered from a permanent third nerve palsy and one from a transient monoparesis of the left arm. New endocrinological disturbances included diabetes insipidus centralis in two and secondary hypothyroidism and hypogonadism in one patient. Four out of five patients had favourable seizure control (Engel I or II) after 64.8 (34-83) months of mean follow-up. CONCLUSIONS: Neuronavigation and intraoperative MRI are valuable tools to encounter difficulties while performing surgery in patients with HHs. Intraoperative resection control increases the amount of maximum resection. FAU - Sommer, Bjoern
Reproductive history and hormonal birth control use are associated with coronary calcium progression in women with type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ CONTEXT: Coronary artery disease is increased in women with type 1 diabetes (T1D), compared with nondiabetic (Non-DM) women. Women with T1D have more menstrual dysfunction and are less likely to use hormonal birth control (BC) than Non-DM women. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to determine whether coronary artery calcium (CAC) is associated with menstrual dysfunction and BC use in women with T1D. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This was a prospective cohort study, and participants were followed up for an average of 2.4 yr. PATIENTS: Patients included 612 women (293 T1D, 319 Non-DM) between the ages of 19 and 55 yr who had CAC measured twice by electron beam tomography. RESULTS: Irregular menses and amenorrhea were more common in T1D than Non-DM women (22.1 vs. 14.9%, P < 0.05 and 16.6 vs. 7.0%, P < 0.001). T1D women reported less BC use than Non-DM women (79.8 vs. 89.9%, P < 0.001) and reached menarche at an older age (13.1 +/- 1.8 vs. 12.8 +/- 1.5 yr, P < 0.05). Use of BC was associated with less CAC progression in all women, but this association was stronger in T1D women (P value for interaction = 0.02). Irregular menses were associated with greater CAC progression only among T1D women. CONCLUSIONS: A prior history of BC use is associated with reduced CAC progression among all women, with a stronger association in T1D than in Non-DM women. Women with T1D who report irregular menses have increased CAC progression, compared with those with regular menses. FAU - Snell-Bergeon, Janet K
The prevalence of stunting, overweight and obesity, and metabolic disease risk in rural South African children.$$$ BACKGROUND: Low- to middle-income countries are undergoing a health transition with non-communicable diseases contributing substantially to disease burden, despite persistence of undernutrition and infectious diseases. This study aimed to investigate the prevalence and patterns of stunting and overweight/obesity, and hence risk for metabolic disease, in a group of children and adolescents in rural South Africa. METHODS: A cross-sectional growth survey was conducted involving 3511 children and adolescents 1-20 years, selected through stratified random sampling from a previously enumerated population living in Agincourt sub-district, Mpumalanga Province, South Africa. Anthropometric measurements including height, weight and waist circumference were taken using standard procedures. Tanner pubertal assessment was conducted among adolescents 9-20 years. Growth z-scores were generated using 2006 WHO standards for children up to five years and 1977 NCHS/WHO reference for older children. Overweight and obesity for those <18 years were determined using International Obesity Task Force BMI cut-offs, while adult cut-offs of BMI > or = 25 and > or = 30 kg/m2 for overweight and obesity respectively were used for those > or = 18 years. Waist circumference cut-offs of > or = 94 cm for males and > or = 80 cm for females and waist-to-height ratio of 0.5 for both sexes were used to determine metabolic disease risk in adolescents. RESULTS: About one in five children aged 1-4 years was stunted; one in three of those aged one year. Concurrently, the prevalence of combined overweight and obesity, almost non-existent in boys, was substantial among adolescent girls, increasing with age and reaching approximately 20-25% in late adolescence. Central obesity was prevalent among adolescent girls, increasing with sexual maturation and reaching a peak of 35% at Tanner Stage 5, indicating increased risk for metabolic disease. CONCLUSIONS: The study highlights that in transitional societies, early stunting and adolescent obesity may co-exist in the same socio-geographic population. It is likely that this profile relates to changes in nutrition and diet, but variation in factors such as infectious disease burden and physical activity patterns, as well as social influences, need to be investigated. As obesity and adult short stature are risk factors for metabolic syndrome and Type 2 diabetes, this combination of early stunting and adolescent obesity may be an explosive combination. FAU - Kimani-Murage, Elizabeth W
A longitudinal study of serum insulin and insulin resistance as predictors of weight and body fat gain in African American and Caucasian children.$$$ BACKGROUND: The influence of insulin and insulin resistance (IR) on children's weight and fat gain is unclear. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate insulin and IR as predictors of weight and body fat gain in children at high risk for adult obesity. We hypothesized that baseline IR would be positively associated with follow-up body mass index (BMI) and fat mass. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Two hundred and forty-nine healthy African American and Caucasian children aged 6-12 years at high risk for adult obesity because of early-onset childhood overweight and/or parental overweight were followed for up to 15 years with repeated BMI and fat mass measurements. We examined baseline serum insulin and homeostasis model of assessment-IR (HOMA-IR) as predictors of follow-up BMI Z-score and fat mass by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry in mixed model longitudinal analyses accounting for baseline body composition, pubertal stage, sociodemographic factors and follow-up interval. RESULTS: At baseline, 39% were obese (BMI⩾95th percentile for age/sex). Data from 1335 annual visits were examined. Children were followed for an average of 7.2±4.3 years, with a maximum follow-up of 15 years. After accounting for covariates, neither baseline insulin nor HOMA-IR was significantly associated with follow-up BMI (Ps>0.26), BMIz score (Ps>0.22), fat mass (Ps>0.78) or fat mass percentage (Ps>0.71). In all models, baseline BMI (P<0.0001), body fat mass (P<0.0001) and percentage of fat (P<0.001) were strong positive predictors for change in BMI and fat mass. In models restricted to children without obesity at baseline, some but not all models had significant interaction terms between body adiposity and insulinemia/HOMA-IR that suggested less gain in mass among those with greater insulin or IR. The opposite was found in some models restricted to children with obesity at baseline. CONCLUSIONS: In middle childhood, BMI and fat mass, but not insulin or IR, are strong predictors of children's gains in BMI and fat mass during adolescence. FAU - Sedaka, N M
Testosterone replacement therapy improves insulin sensitivity and decreases high sensitivity C-reactive protein levels in hypogonadotropic hypogonadal young male patients.$$$ BACKGROUND: Many clinical studies suggest the inverse relationship between testosterone levels and insulin sensitivity in men, however the causative relationship of these two events is still not determined. The purpose of this study was to investigate the effects of testosterone replacement therapy (TRT) on insulin sensitivity, body composition, serum lipid profiles and high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) in hypogonadotropic hypogonadal (HH) puberty undeveloped male patients. METHODS: In this prospectively designed study, we compared homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), insulin areas under the curves (AUC) of 3-hour oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and other metabolic parameters between 26 HH patients and 26 healthy men. The patients' HOMA-IR, insulin AUC, body composition, lipid profiles, hsCRP and other parameters were compared before and after nine-month TRT. RESULTS: The average levels of total testosterone (TT) in HH and healthy group were (0.9 +/- 0.6) nmol/L and (18.8 +/- 3.4) nmol/L, respectively. HOMA-IR in HH group was significantly higher than the healthy group (5.14 +/- 5.16 vs 2.00 +/- 1.38, P < 0.005). Insulin AUC in 3-hour OGTT in HH group was significantly higher than the healthy group (698.6 +/- 414.7 vs 414.2 +/- 267.5, P < 0.01). Fasting glucose level in HH group was significantly higher than control group ((5.1 +/- 0.6) mmol/L vs (4.7 +/- 0.3) mmol/l, P < 0.005). Height, weight and grasp strength of the patients were significantly increased after 9-month TRT. Significant reductions in HOMA-IR (from 5.14 +/- 5.16 to 2.97 +/- 2.16, P < 0.01), insulin AUC (from 698.6 +/- 414.7 to 511.7 +/- 253.9, P < 0.01) and hsCRP (from (1.49 +/- 1.18) mg/L to (0.70 +/- 0.56) mg/L, P < 0.05) were found after TRT. Serum total cholesterol, LDL-C, HDL-C and triglyceride were all decreased, albeit with no significant difference compared to the level prior to TRT. CONCLUSIONS: HOMA-IR, insulin AUC and fasting glucose level in HH young male patients were significantly higher than those of the control group, which suggests that low level of testosterone in male adolescents might be a risk factor for insulin resistance. TRT can significantly improve patients' insulin sensitivity and suppress serum hsCRP, which in return suggests that TRT may prevent the HH patients from developing diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular diseases (CVD) in future. FAU - Wu, Xue-yan
Stability of the factorial structure of metabolic syndrome from childhood to adolescence: a 6-year follow-up study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Metabolic syndrome (MS) is a clustering of cardiometabolic risk factors that is considered a predictor of cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes and mortality. There is no consistent evidence on whether the MS construct works in the same way in different populations and at different stages in life. METHODS: We used confirmatory factor analysis to examine if a single-factor-model including waist circumference, triglycerides/HDL-c, insulin and mean arterial pressure underlies metabolic syndrome from the childhood to adolescence in a 6-years follow-up study in 174 Swedish and 460 Estonian children aged 9 years at baseline. Indeed, we analyze the tracking of a previously validated MS index over this 6-years period. RESULTS: The estimates of goodness-of-fit for the single-factor-model underlying MS were acceptable both in children and adolescents. The construct stability of a new model including the differences from baseline to the end of the follow-up in the components of the proposed model displayed good fit indexes for the change, supporting the hypothesis of a single factor underlying MS component trends. CONCLUSIONS: A single-factor-model underlying MS is stable across the puberty in both Estonian and Swedish young people. The MS index tracks acceptably from childhood to adolescence. FAU - Martínez-Vizcaino, Vicente
"Menstrual irregularities in PCOS. Does it matter when it starts?".$$$ BACKGROUND: PCOS is presented by a broad spectrum of menstrual irregularities appearing often at puberty or later on during the reproductive years in women suffering from this multifaceted syndrome. To our knowledge, there is no evidence to suggest whether the time of onset of menstrual irregularities (peri or post pubertal) indicates a differential metabolic and/or hormonal profile as well as ovarian ultrasonographic findings, in adulthood in women with PCOS. AIM OF THE STUDY: To compare anthropometric, hormonal-metabolic profile and ultrasound findings in PCOS women with peripubertal onset of menstrual disorders with the corresponding data obtained from PCOS patients with post pubertal onset of menstrual irregularities, matched for BMI and age. PATIENTS-METHODS: 89 PCOS women were evaluated cross-sectionally at the age of 25 years. In 49 subjects menstrual irregularities were present from menarche, whereas in 40 women the irregularities appeared at least 3 years post menarche. RESULTS: Anthropometric parameters were comparable between the 2 groups. The 2 groups did not differ on metabolic and hormonal profile as well as ovarian ultrasound findings. CONCLUSIONS: These data indicate that the timing of menstrual irregularities, do not appear to have an impact, on hormonal/metabolic profile and ovarian ultrasound morphology in patients diagnosed with PCOS, later in life.
Abdominal adiposity and cardiometabolic risk factors in children and adolescents: a Mendelian randomization analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Mendelian randomization studies in adults suggest that abdominal adiposity is causally associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes and coronary artery disease in adults, but its causal effect on cardiometabolic risk in children remains unclear. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to study the causal relation of abdominal adiposity with cardiometabolic risk factors in children by applying Mendelian randomization. METHODS: We constructed a genetic risk score (GRS) using variants previously associated with waist-to-hip ratio adjusted for BMI (WHRadjBMI) and examined its associations with cardiometabolic factors by linear regression and Mendelian randomization in a meta-analysis of 6 cohorts, including 9895 European children and adolescents aged 3-17 y. RESULTS: WHRadjBMI GRS was associated with higher WHRadjBMI (β = 0.021 SD/allele; 95% CI: 0.016, 0.026 SD/allele; P = 3 × 10-15) and with unfavorable concentrations of blood lipids (higher LDL cholesterol: β = 0.006 SD/allele; 95% CI: 0.001, 0.011 SD/allele; P = 0.025; lower HDL cholesterol: β = -0.007 SD/allele; 95% CI: -0.012, -0.002 SD/allele; P = 0.009; higher triglycerides: β = 0.007 SD/allele; 95% CI: 0.002, 0.012 SD/allele; P = 0.006). No differences were detected between prepubertal and pubertal/postpubertal children. The WHRadjBMI GRS had a stronger association with fasting insulin in children and adolescents with overweight/obesity (β = 0.016 SD/allele; 95% CI: 0.001, 0.032 SD/allele; P = 0.037) than in those with normal weight (β = -0.002 SD/allele; 95% CI: -0.010, 0.006 SD/allele; P = 0.605) (P for difference = 0.034). In a 2-stage least-squares regression analysis, each genetically instrumented 1-SD increase in WHRadjBMI increased circulating triglycerides by 0.17 mmol/L (0.35 SD, P = 0.040), suggesting that the relation between abdominal adiposity and circulating triglycerides may be causal. CONCLUSIONS: Abdominal adiposity may have a causal, unfavorable effect on plasma triglycerides and potentially other cardiometabolic risk factors starting in childhood. The results highlight the importance of early weight management through healthy dietary habits and physically active lifestyle among children with a tendency for abdominal adiposity.
Serum levels of growth hormone-binding protein and insulin-like growth factor-I during puberty.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim was to investigate the effect of pubertal development on serum levels of growth hormone binding protein (GHBP) and IGF-I, and to study the relationship between GHBP levels and height standard deviation score (SDS), nutritional state and IGF-I levels. DESIGN AND PATIENTS: The investigation was performed on serum samples from 72 healthy adolescents of different pubertal stage. Results were compared to those obtained in 46 prepubertal children. MEASUREMENTS: Serum levels of GHBP were measured by HPLC gel filtration and IGF-I levels were measured by RIA after acid-ethanol extraction. RESULTS: No effect of pubertal stage on serum levels of GHBP was found. A positive relationship was found between serum levels of GHBP and height SDS (r = 0.38; P < 0.005) and weight expressed as percentage of median weight for height age (r = 0.46; P < 0.0005). Serum levels of IGF-I increased during puberty and were not correlated with height SDS or weight for height age. In pubertal subjects, no relationship existed between serum levels of GHBP and IGF-I. In prepubertal subjects, however, a significantly positive relationship between GHBP and IGF-I levels (r = 0.66; P < 0.0005) was found. CONCLUSIONS: Pubertal development does not seem to influence serum levels of GHBP. Height SDS and nutritional state are related to the concentration of GHBP. Before puberty, the level of GHBP is positively related to IGF-I levels; during puberty, however, the increase in serum IGF-I levels is not accompanied by changes in the amount of circulating GHBP. FAU - Massa, G
Association of distorted eating behaviors with cardiometabolic risk indices in preadolescents. The Healthy Growth Study.$$$ The association between distorted eating behavior (DEB) with cardiometabolic risk (CMR) in children has been poorly investigated. The aim of the study was to examine the association between DEB with certain CMR indices in 9- to 13-year-old children in Greece. A cross-sectional epidemiological study was conducted among 1803 schoolchildren from 77 primary schools in 4 counties of Greece with full data on DEBQ and ChEAT questionnaires and CMR indices. Children underwent anthropometric measurements and Tanner stage, serum lipid, glucose, insulin and HOMA-IR levels assessments. Univariate and multivariate linear regression analyses were performed to test for the association between components of DEBQ and ChEAT with CMR indices. Several significant associations between components of DEBQ and ChEAT with CMR indices were observed when tested at univariate regression models in both boys and girls. However, after adjusting for several possible confounders, including Tanner stage, all significant associations were lost in girls while only a few remained in boys. Thus, DEB might have an unfavorable effect also in certain CMR indices, besides nourishment status. This is more pronounced in preadolescent boys for whom hormonal changes due to the transition to adolescence have not yet been established compared to girls. Still further research is needed to shed more light on these associations.
Insulin Resistance and Metabolic Syndrome in Young Men With Acne.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Robust evidence of the association of insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome with acne in male patients is lacking. OBJECTIVE: To assess the prevalence of metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance in male patients 20 years or older with acne. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: We performed a cross-sectional study in 100 male patients with acne and 100 age-matched male controls without acne from a dermatology outpatient department of a tertiary care institute. Postadolescent patients were recruited only to negate the effects of physiologic insulin resistance that are seen at the time of puberty and adolescence. Twenty-five patients were included in each of the 4 individual severity groups according to the Global Acne Grading System and were age matched to 100 male controls without acne. EXPOSURES: Clinical examination, Global Acne Rating System, National Cholesterol Education Programme Adult Treatment Panel III (NCEP-ATP III), and Homeostasis Model Assessment-Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR). MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Metabolic syndrome was diagnosed as per the criteria of the modified NCEP-ATP III. Insulin resistance was assessed by the HOMA-IR. A HOMA-IR value greater than 2.5 was arbitrarily considered as insulin resistance. RESULTS: Prevalence of insulin resistance was significantly higher in cases (22%) compared with controls (11%) (P = .03). The prevalence of metabolic syndrome was comparable between cases (17%) and controls (9%) (P = .09). Prevalence of insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome did not differ significantly among the acne severity groups. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Postadolescent male patients with acne more commonly have insulin resistance. This resistance may be a stage of prediabetes, and the patients may develop hyperinsulinemia or type 2 diabetes in the future. These patients should be followed up for a prolonged time to determine whether they develop conditions associated with insulin resistance. FAU - Nagpal, Mohit
Reproductive hormones and hypothalamic-pituitary-ovarian axis in female patients with homozygous beta-thalassemia major.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Homozygous beta-thalassemia major (hbeta-TM) is an autosomal recessive hemoglobinopathy with prominent endocrine complications. Our aims were to evaluate reproductive hormones, hypothalamic-pituitary-ovarian axis, and fertility in female patients with hbeta-TM. PATIENTS AND METHODS: One hundred forty-four female patients with hbeta-TM, aged 18 years or above were enrolled in the study. Seventy-four age-matched healthy female volunteers served as controls. Two blood samples were drawn from each subject at 20-minute intervals for the determination of the resting levels of the following hormones: luteinizing hormone, follicle-stimulating hormone, estradiol, insulin-like growth factor-1, and insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3. The hypothalamic-pituitary-ovarian axis was also assessed using the gonadotropin-releasing hormone test. Menstruation status and growth rate were also noted. Puberty was assessed in both groups by Tanner classification. RESULTS: The mean age of puberty in the control group and hbeta-TM patients was 10.8+/-1.2 and 16.4+/-2.2 years, respectively (P=0.01). The mean age of menarche was 11.4+/-1.3 and 16.8+/-2.1 years in control subjects and patients with thalassemia, respectively (P=0.01). Of studied subjects with hbeta-TM, 61 (42.4%) were short in stature (height below the third percentile and below -2 SD scores). The baseline and peak levels of luteinizing hormone, follicle-stimulating hormone, and estradiol after gonadotropin-releasing hormone test in thalassemic group were significantly lower than in the control group. CONCLUSIONS: Further interventional studies are warranted to better clarify the treatment options to attain normal puberty and sexual maturation in patients with thalassemia. FAU - Safarinejad, Mohammad Reza
Association of Serum Total Osteocalcin Concentrations With Endogenous Glucocorticoids and Insulin Sensitivity Markers in 12-Year-Old Children: A Cross-Sectional Study.$$$ Background: Osteocalcin (OC) is an osteoblast-derived marker of bone turnover that has recently been linked to glucose metabolism, glucocorticoid action, and cardiovascular risk. Objective: We determined whether serum total OC (tOC) is associated with cardiometabolic factors, such as insulin sensitivity (IS) markers and endogenous glucocorticoids in 12-year-old children. In addition, we assessed whether low birth weight or exposure to maternal preeclampsia affect tOC concentrations. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, 192 children (109 girls) were studied at 12 years of age. Seventy of them had been born small (SGA), 78 appropriate for gestational age (AGA), and 44 from preeclamptic pregnancies (PRE) as AGA. Blood pressure was measured, and fasting blood samples were collected for markers of glucose metabolism, osteoblast, adipocyte, and adrenocortical function. IS was estimated by Quantitative Insulin Sensitivity Check Index (QUICKI). Free cortisol index (FCI) was calculated as serum cortisol/corticosteroid binding globulin. Results: The highest tOC concentrations were detected in midpubertal children (Tanner B/G stage 3). The children in the highest tOC quartile (n = 48) had lower body mass index (BMI), waist-to-height ratio, diastolic blood pressure, leptin, cortisol/cortisone ratio and FCI, and higher insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I), IGF-binding protein-1 (IGFBP-1), IGFBP-3, and alkaline phosphatase (ALP) than those in the lower tOC quartiles (p < 0.02 for all). QUICKI was similar in these subgroups. In logistic regression analysis, pubertal developmental stages 2 and 3, high ALP, IGF-I, and low FCI and BMI (p < 0.02 for all) were associated independently with higher tOC. The means of serum tOC and IS markers were similar in the SGA, AGA, and PRE subgroups. Conclusions: In both sexes, the highest tOC levels were detected in midpubertal children reflecting the fast pubertal growth phase. Higher tOC levels were associated with lower BMI and FCI, whereas no association was found with IS. Birth weight or exposure to preeclampsia had no effect on tOC concentrations.
Effects of low birth weight on insulin resistance syndrome in caucasian and African-American children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine the effects of low birth weight (LBW) on the components of insulin resistance syndrome (IRS) in Caucasian and African-American children aged 4-14 years (n = 560 observations among 139 subjects). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A linear random-effects modeling analysis with repeated measures (average four annual visits per child) was conducted to examine the associations between LBW and the components of IRS and their developmental trends over age. Fasting glucose, insulin, and lipids were assessed after an overnight fast; insulin action and secretion were determined by the tolbutamide-modified frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test; and body composition was assessed by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry and computed tomography. RESULTS: LBW was significantly associated with increased fasting insulin concentration and visceral fat mass, decreased acute insulin response, beta-cell function, and HDL cholesterol among African-American children. Among children with LBW, there were significant differences in fasting insulin, insulin sensitivity, acute insulin response, and HDL cholesterol between Caucasians and African-Americans. LBW was significantly associated with faster decrease in acute insulin response and increase in triglycerides with regard to age. The hyperbolic function between insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function was retarded among children with LBW (P = 0.04). In addition, there was a significant interaction between LBW and ethnicity in relation to fasting insulin (P < 0.05) and visceral fat (P = 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: LBW may predict the risk of the IRS and its progression over age in childhood, and this effect may be more pronounced among African-American children. FAU - Li, C
Obese Versus Normal-Weight Late-Adolescent Females have Inferior Trabecular Bone Microarchitecture: A Pilot Case-Control Study.$$$ Though still a topic of debate, the position that skeletal health is compromised with obesity has received support in the pediatric and adult literature. The limited data relating specifically to trabecular bone microarchitecture, however, have been relatively inconsistent. The aim of this pilot cross-sectional case-control study was to compare trabecular bone microarchitecture between obese (OB) and normal-weight (NW) late-adolescent females. A secondary aim was to compare diaphyseal cortical bone outcomes between these two groups. Twenty-four non-Hispanic white females, ages 18-19 years, were recruited into OB (n = 12) or NW (n = 12) groups based on pre-specified criteria for percent body fat (≥32 vs. <30, respectively), body mass index (>90th vs. 20th-79th, respectively), and waist circumference (≥90th vs. 25th-75th, respectively). Participants were also individually matched on age, height, and oral contraceptive use. Using magnetic resonance imaging, trabecular bone microarchitecture was assessed at the distal radius and proximal tibia metaphysis, and cortical bone architecture was assessed at the mid-radius and mid-tibia diaphysis. OB versus NW had lower apparent trabecular thickness (radius and tibia), higher apparent trabecular separation (radius), and lower apparent bone volume to total volume (radius; all P < 0.050). Some differences in radius and tibia trabecular bone microarchitecture were retained after adjusting for insulin resistance or age at menarche. Mid-radius and mid-tibia cortical bone volume and estimated strength were lower in the OB compared to NW after adjusting for fat-free soft tissue mass (all P < 0.050). These trabecular and cortical bone deficits might contribute to the increased fracture risk in obese youth. FAU - Kindler, Joseph M
Screening for dysglycemia in overweight youth presenting for weight management.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine the performance of current screening recommendations for detecting dysglycemia in children and adolescents with obesity. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In a cross-sectional study, an oral glucose tolerance test and demographic (age, sex, family history of diabetes, and ethnicity), clinical (BMI z score, waist circumference, and pubertal stage), and laboratory variables used in current pediatric screening criteria for type 2 diabetes mellitus were measured in 259 overweight or obese youth aged 5-17 years. Glycemic status was based on American Diabetes Association (ADA) thresholds. The performance (sensitivity and specificity) of current screening criteria and newly developed models to identify isolated IGT were compared. RESULTS: Dysglycemia was present in 20.8% of the cohort. Of the 54 participants with dysglycemia, 68% had a normal fasting glucose and were identified with the 2-h glucose test. Current ADA criteria had low sensitivity (41.7% [95% CI 25.6-57.8]) and moderate specificity (69.5% [63.5-75.6]) to identify IGT. In receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis, the addition of hemoglobin A(1c) (HbA(1c)) or FPG did not improve the ROC area under the curve (AUC) (HbA(1c): 0.64 vs. 0.63; P = 0.54; HbA(1c) + FPG: 0.66; P = 0.42), but adding triglyceride level did (AUC 0.72 vs. 0.63; P = 0.03). A simple model with fasting triglyceride level >1.17 mmol/L improved AUC compared with ADA screening criteria (0.68 vs. 0.57; P = 0.04). CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of IGT is high among obese children and youth. Current screening criteria have low sensitivity to detect isolated IGT. Although adding nonfasting laboratory values to history and physical measures does not improve diagnostic accuracy, adding fasting lipid profile improves predictive value. FAU - Morrison, Katherine M
Circulating Spexin Decreased and Negatively Correlated with Systemic Insulin Sensitivity and Pancreatic β Cell Function in Obese Children.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Spexin (SPX) is a novel peptide that has recently emerged as an important regulatory adipokine of obesity and related metabolic disease. Little is known about its role in children. The aim of the current study was to determine the potential role of SPX in obese children and explore its relationships with obesity-related markers, insulin sensitivity and pancreatic β cell function. METHOD: We studied the levels of serum SPX in 40 obese and 32 normal weight pre-puberty children (mean age was 8.59 ± 1.82 and 8.15 ± 2.03 years in obesity and control groups respectively). We investigated the levels of body mass index, blood pressure, lipids, glucose, insulin, Homeostasis model assessment for insulin-resistant (HOMA-IR, HOMA for β-cell function [HOMA-β]), insulinogenic index and C-peptide index and analyzed their correlations with SPX levels. RESULTS: SPX levels were significantly decreased in obese children compared to controls. Moreover, serum SPX levels were lower in IR obese subjects in contrast with the non-IR obese subjects. Serum SPX concentrations correlated negatively and significantly with triglycerides, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, fasting insulin level, HOMA-IR, insulinogenic index, and HOMA-β levels in obese children. CONCLUSIONS: In summary, serum SPX levels significantly decreased in obese children and negatively correlated with insulin resistance and pancreatic β cell function indicators. Therefore, SPX may play a protective role in the process of glucose homeostasis and is closely related to β cell function in obese children.
Bone mineral density in young Chilean patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ BACKGROUND: In this study, our aim was to analyze bone mineral density (BMD) in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) and compare them with a healthy reference population; in addition, we aimed to observe the association between BMD and the following variables: age at onset, disease duration, metabolic control, pubertal stage, level of physical activity, clinical parameters and nutrient intake. METHODS: A total of 30 patients with T1DM were included in the study. BMD was determined using dual-energy X-ray densitometry (DXA). Participants with a z-score of values ≥-1 were accepted as normal; BMDs between -2 and -1 were defined as being in the low range of normality; ≤-2 were defined as having low BMD. The 25-hydroxy vitamin D level was classified as sufficient (30-100 ng/mL), insufficient (20-30 ng/mL), and deficient (<20 ng/mL). RESULTS: The percentages of patients with deficient and insufficient 25(OH) vitamin D levels were 50% and 45.8%, respectively. Lumbar spine (LS2-LS4) BMD, total body (TB) BMD and femoral neck (FN) BMD were found in the normal range for more than 80% of the subjects, with no significant differences due to gender. No strong correlations between clinical variables, biochemical parameters and nutrient intake were observed; however, a moderate positive correlation was found between serum calcium and LS2-LS4 BMD (p<0.05). Regression analysis showed that serum calcium, duration of diabetes and intake of sodium and protein are significant factors in determining LS2-LS4 BMD and TB BMD. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with T1DM had a normal mean BMD at all sites evaluated, except for two patients who had low BMD at the lumbar spine. More than 95% of patients had insufficient or deficient vitamin D levels. With respect to all the variables studied, serum calcium presented the highest significant correlation with LS2-LS4 BMD. FAU - Mosso, Constanza
Serum uric acid and its association with metabolic syndrome and carotid atherosclerosis in obese children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The association between hyperuricemia, metabolic syndrome (MS), and atherosclerotic vascular disease has been reported in adults, but very little is known about this association in children. The aims of our study were to ascertain the correlates of uric acid (UA) in a sample of obese children, and to investigate whether UA is associated with carotid intima-media thickness (IMT) independently from classical risk factors including MS. METHODS: We analyzed carotid IMT along with serum triglycerides, total and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, glucose, insulin, insulin resistance index (as homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance), alanine aminotransferase, gamma-glutamyltransferase, creatinine, and UA in 120 obese children and 50 healthy control children. RESULTS: UA concentrations were significantly higher in obese children compared with controls; moreover, they correlated with the most established cardiovascular risk factors. In the group of obese children, after adjustment for age, sex, pubertal stage, and creatinine, an independent association between UA levels and the presence of MS syndrome was observed (unstandardized coefficient, 0.044 (95% confidence intervals (CI) 0.015-0.072); P<0.01). Carotid IMT significantly increased in the fourth quartile of UA compared with that in the first, second, and third quartile (0.49 (0.46-0.53), 0.53 (0.49-0.56), and 0.55 (0.52-0.59) vs 0.61 (95% CI, 0.58-0.64); P<0.01). When multivariate analysis was performed after adjusting for age, gender, pubertal stage, creatinine, and MS (considered as a single clinical entity), or the individual components of MS simultaneously included, the association between UA and carotid IMT was significant (P<0.01). CONCLUSIONS: In obese children and adolescents, increased UA levels are associated with carotid atherosclerosis. FAU - Pacifico, Lucia
Assessing short-statured children for growth hormone deficiency.$$$ AIM: To optimize the workup of short-statured children by defining the most appropriate tools for diagnosing growth hormone (GH) deficiency. METHODS: Patients were assigned to prepubertal (n = 113) or pubertal (n = 112, including 25 boys primed with testosterone) age groups. Mean plasma GH concentration during sleep, GH peak after provocative test, and insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) were measured in a single evaluation. RESULTS: The mean GH concentration during sleep was more often normal (n = 155) than the GH peak after provocative tests (n = 105) or the IGF-I concentration (n = 88). Prepubertal patients with a normal body mass index (BMI) had mean GH concentrations during sleep that correlated positively with height, growth rate, GH peak after provocative tests, and IGF-I (p < 0.0005 for all) and negatively with the difference between target and patient heights (p = 0.01) and BMI (p < 0.05). Pubertal patients with a normal BMI had a mean GH concentration during sleep that correlated positively with GH after provocative tests (p < 0.0001) and IGF-I (p < 0.005). Mean GH concentration during sleep and IGF-I concentration for boys primed with testosterone were more often normal (n = 23) than the GH peak after provocative tests (n = 14). All 9 patients with pituitary stalk interruption had low IGF-I concentrations; 1 patient had a normal GH peak after provocative test, and 2 patients had normal mean GH concentrations during sleep. CONCLUSIONS: Measuring the GH concentration during sleep and priming boys with pubertal delay can help to exclude idiopathic GH deficiency. Magnetic resonance imaging is needed to exclude anatomic abnormalities when GH and/or IGF-I concentrations are low.
What is a normal stimulated growth hormone concentration?$$$ In a retrospective analysis, we have compared the response of serum GH concentration to insulin-induced hypoglycaemia in 148 short prepubertal children (114 males, 34 females) aged between 3.9 and 11.9 years with the growth rate of the individual to determine 'cut-off' values for the diagnosis of GH insufficiency. Sixty-three children grew with a height velocity standard deviation score (SDS) greater than -0.8 (group 1), which represents the growth velocity of children progressing along or closely parallel to the third height centile. Eighty-five children had a height velocity SDS of less than -0.8 (group 2). Median peak serum GH concentration responses to insulin-induced hypoglycaemia were 19.9 mU/l (range 1.5-54.4) in group 1 and 9.9 mU/l (range 0.7-46.2) in group 2 (Mann-Whitney; P less than 0.001). Using growth rate as the determinant of normality, the efficiency, sensitivity and specificity of the insulin-induced hypoglycaemia test were calculated using different serum GH concentration cut-off values to diagnose GH insufficiency. In our (Hybritech) assay, a cut-off value of 13.5 mU/l provided optimal performance in terms of efficiency (66%), sensitivity (64%) and specificity (70%). The response of serum GH concentration to insulin-induced hypoglycaemia in short children growing at different growth rates was continuous. Each laboratory measuring serum GH concentrations needs to construct its own 'normal' cut-off value. FAU - Dattani, M T
Independent relationship between body mass index and LH peak value of GnRH stimulation test in ICPP girls: A cross-sectional study.$$$ The effect of obesity on idiopathic central precocious puberty (ICPP) girls is still under discussion. The relationship between body mass index (BMI) and sexual hormone levels of gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) stimulation test in ICPP girls is controversial and the underlying mechanism is unclear. This study aims to further explore the independent effect of excess adiposity on peak luteinizing hormone (LH) level of stimulation test in ICPP girls and the role of other related factors. A retrospective cross-sectional study was performed on 618 girls diagnosed as having ICPP, including 355 cases of normal weight, 99 cases of overweight and 164 cases of obese. The results showed that obese group had more progressed Tanner stage and no significant difference (P=0.28) in LH peak was found as basal LH value was used as a covariate. The obese group had higher total testosterone (TT), adrenocorticotrophic hormone (ACTH), 17-α hydroxyprogesterone (17-αOHP) and androstendione (AN), with significantly increased fasting insulin (FIN) and homeostasis model of assessment for insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR). Stratified analysis showed inconsistency of the relationship between BMI-standard deviation score (BMI-SDS) and LH peak in different Tanner stages (P for interaction=0.017). Further smoothing plot showed linear and non-linear relationship between BMI-SDS and LH peak in three Tanner stages. Then linear regression model was used to analyze the relationship between BMI-SDS and LH peak in different Tanner stages, with and without different confounding factors being adjusted. In B2 stage, BMI-SDS was negatively associated with LH peak. In B3 stage, when BMI-SDS <1.5, as BMI-SDS increased, the level of LH peak decreased (model I: β=-1.8, 95% CI=-4.7 to 1.1, P=0.214). When BMI-SDS ≥1.5, BMI-SDS was significantly positively associated with LH peak (model I: β=4.5, 95% CI=1.7 to 7.4, P=0.002). In B4 stage, when BMI-SDS <1.5, BMI-SDS was negatively associated with LH peak (model I: β=-11.6, 95% CI=-22.7 to-0.5, P=0.049). When BMI-SDS ≥1.5, BMI-SDS was positively associated with LH peak (model I: β=-4.2, 95% CI=-3.3 to 11.7, P=0.28). It is concluded that there is an independent correlation between BMI-SDS and LH peak of stimulation test in ICPP girls, their relationships are different in different Tanner stages, and the effect of BMI-SDS can be affected by adrenal androgens, estradiol and glucose metabolism parameters. FAU - Zhao, Yue
Growth and pubertal development in transfusion-dependent children and adolescents with thalassaemia major and sickle cell disease: a comparative study.$$$ Despite regular blood transfusion and desferrioxamine treatment, growth impairment and pubertal delay are commonly seen in children and adolescents with transfusion-dependent thalassaemia and sickle cell disease (SCD). We evaluated growth parameters and sexual maturation in a large cohort of children and adolescents with SCD (n = 110) and thalassaemia (n = 72) receiving nearly the same protocol of transfusion and chelation, and compared them with those for 200 normal age-matched children, 30 children with constitutional delay of growth (CSS), and 25 children with growth hormone deficiency (GHD). Before transfusion, haemoglobin concentration had not been less than 9 g/dl in the past 7 years; desferrioxamine was administered for 7-10 years, including by the intramuscular and subcutaneous routes, three times or more per week. The height standard deviation score (HtSDS), growth velocity (GV) (cm/yr), and growth velocity standard deviation score (GVDSD) of children and adolescents with thalassaemia and SCD were significantly decreased compared to normal children (p < 0.01). Forty-nine per cent of thalassaemic patients and 27 per cent of patients with SCD had HtSDS less than -2, and 83 per cent of thalassaemic patients and 67 per cent of SCD patients had HtSDS less than -1. Fifty-six per cent of thalassaemic children and 51 per cent of children with SCD had GVSDS less than -1. The GV of thalassaemic children was significantly slower than that for children with SCD. Children with thalassaemia and SCD had HtSDS and GVSDS comparable to those for children with CSS but higher than those for patients with GHD. Serum ferritin concentration was correlated significantly with the linear GV in all patients (r = 0.45, p < 0.001). The bone age delay did not differ among the three groups with thalassaemia, SCD and CSS, but the delay was significant in the group with GHD. The mid-arm circumference was significantly smaller in children with thalassaemia and SCD than in normal children. The triceps skin-fold thickness of patients with SCD was significantly decreased compared to thalassaemic and normal children. The upper/lower segment ratio was significantly lower in thalassaemic and SCD patients than in normal children. In thalassaemic patients between the ages of 13 and 21 years a complete lack of pubescent changes was present in 73 per cent of boys and 42 per cent of girls. Seventy-four per cent of the thalassaemic girls had primary amenorrhoea. Girls with SCD aged between 13 and 21 years had markedly delayed breast development and menarche. Twenty-five per cent of boys with SCD above the age of 14 years had absence of testicular development. Males with thalassaemia and SCD who had spontaneous testicular development had significantly smaller testicular volume than did normal controls. Short children with thalassaemia and SCD had significantly decreased serum insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) concentrations compared to children with CSS. Collectively, these data confirm the high prevalence of impaired growth and pubertal delay/failure in children and adolescents with thalassaemia and SCD. The aetiology of impaired growth includes the contributions of lack of pubertal growth spurt due to delayed/absent puberty, decreased synthesis of IGF-1 which might be secondary to a disturbed GH-IGF-1 axis and/or under nutrition, probably due to the hypermetabolic status of these children. It is suggested that newer protocols of treatment, in addition to optimization of transfusion and chelation requirements, should increase the caloric intake of these patients and properly manage their pubertal delay-failure in order to improve their adult height. FAU - Soliman, A T
Central Precocious Puberty as a Presenting Sign of Nonclassical Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia: Clinical Characteristics.$$$ CONTEXT: Central precocious puberty (CPP) may be the first presentation of nonclassical congenital adrenal hyperplasia (NCCAH) in girls. Data on the prevalence and the clinical phenotype of CPP associated with NCCAH are sparse. OBJECTIVES: To study the clinical and laboratory characteristics that could differentiate idiopathic CPP from CPP associated with NCCAH and to determine the prevalence of NCCAH among girls with CPP. DESIGN: Case-control study. SETTING: Tertiary pediatric endocrinology institute. PARTICIPANTS AND METHODS: From 2008 to 2017, 147 girls who had undergone stimulation tests with gonadotropin-releasing hormone and ACTH were diagnosed with CPP; of these, seven (4.8%) were eventually diagnosed with NCCAH. These seven patients together with 30 girls who presented with CPP during 1984 to 2008 and were later diagnosed with NCCAH comprised the NCCAH group. Demographic, anthropometric, clinical, and laboratory data were compared between the NCCAH group and the 140 girls with idiopathic CPP (ICPP group). RESULTS: No between-group differences were found in height, weight, body mass index, bone age, and Tanner stage. Mean basal levels of androstenedione, dehydroepiandrosterone-sulphate, and 17-hydroxyprogesterone were significantly higher in the NCCAH group, although ranges overlapped between the groups, and stimulated cortisol level was higher in the ICPP group. CONCLUSION: NCCAH was found in 4.8% of girls presenting with true CPP over 10 years, and no single parameter could differentiate between the diagnoses. Thus, in girls with true CPP from populations in which NCCAH is prevalent, assessment of adrenal androgens is required, and ACTH test should be considered.
Gender differences in TNF-alpha levels among obese vs nonobese Latino children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine the relationships between TNF-alpha, obesity, and insulin resistance among prepubescent children. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SETTING AND SUBJECTS: Data were collected from 112 nondiabetic Latino schoolchildren from public schools in three South Florida communities. Of the enrolled participants, 43.8% were obese (BMI 95th percentile) and 51.8% presented with a family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). With one exception, all demonstrated normal glucose tolerance. INTERVENTIONS: Plasma TNF-alpha levels were determined with enzyme-linked immunosorbance assay (ELISA). Homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR) was calculated as an index of insulin resistance. Mean levels of TNF-alpha among obese vs nonobese children were compared with a one-way analysis of variance with two groups, and the association between TNF-alpha and HOMA-IR was assessed with a Pearson's correlation. RESULTS: Higher circulating TNF-alpha levels were revealed among nonobese vs obese children. Nonobese girls demonstrated higher TNF-alpha levels than obese girls, whereas there were no significant differences for boys. There were no significant differences after stratifying for family history of T2DM. There was a modest relationship between increased TNF-alpha levels and decreased insulin resistance. CONCLUSIONS: The observed elevated circulating TNF-alpha concentrations among leaner participants may reflect an inflammatory process that has been associated with higher levels of physical fitness in both adults and prepubescent children. This effect may remain stronger for prepubescent girls, and the mechanism may be attenuated by the hormonal changes that occur with the onset of puberty. FAU - Dixon, D
Calorie restriction in rhesus monkeys.$$$ Calorie restriction (CR) extends lifespan and reduces the incidence and age of onset of age-related disease in several animal models. To determine if this nutritional intervention has similar actions in a long-lived primate species, the National Institute on Aging (NIA) initiated a study in 1987 to investigate the effects of a 30% CR in male and female rhesus macaques (Macaca mulatta) of a broad age range. We have observed physiological effects of CR that parallel rodent studies and may be predictive of an increased lifespan. Specifically, results from the NIA study have demonstrated that CR decreases body weight and fat mass, improves glucoregulatory function, decreases blood pressure and blood lipids, and decreases body temperature. Juvenile males exhibited delayed skeletal and sexual maturation. Adult bone mass was not affected by CR in females nor were several reproductive hormones or menstrual cycling. CR attenuated the age-associated decline in both dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) and melatonin in males. Although 81% of the monkeys in the study are still alive, preliminary evidence suggests that CR will have beneficial effects on morbidity and mortality. We are now preparing a battery of measures to provide a thorough and relevant analysis of the effectiveness of CR at delaying the onset of age-related disease and maintaining function later into life. FAU - Mattison, Julie A
Relationship between elevated triglyceride levels with the increase of HOMA-IR and HOMA-β in healthy children and adolescents with normal weight.$$$ To test the hypothesis that mildly elevated triglyceride levels are associated with the increase of homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and β-cell function (HOMA-β) indices in healthy children and adolescents with normal weight, we conducted a cross-sectional population study. Based on fasting triglyceride levels, participants were allocated into groups with and without triglyceride levels ≥1.2 mmol/L. Normal weight was defined by body mass index between the 15th and 85th percentiles, for age and gender. Insulin resistance and insulin secretion were estimated using HOMA-IR and HOMA-β indices. A total of 1660 children and adolescents were enrolled, of them 327 (19.7%) with mildly elevated triglycerides. The multivariate linear regression analysis showed that mildly elevated triglyceride levels in children were associated with HOMA-IR (β = 0.214, p < 0.001), HOMA-β (β = 0.139, p = 0.001), systolic (β = 0.094, p = 0.01), and diastolic blood pressure (β = 0.102, p = 0.007), whereas in adolescents, HOMA-IR (β = 0.267, p < 0.001) and HOMA-β (β = 0.154, p < 0.001), but not systolic (β = 0.029, p = 0.38) and diastolic blood pressure (β = 0.015, p = 0.642), showed association with mildly elevated triglycerides. CONCLUSION: Mildly elevated triglyceride levels are associated with increased HOMA-IR and HOMA-β indices in healthy children and adolescents with normal weight. FAU - Simental-Mendía, Luis E
Value of brain magnetic resonance imaging and tumor markers in the diagnosis and treatment of intracranial germinoma in children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the role of brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and tumor markers in the cerebral spinal fluid (CSF) and serum in the diagnosis and treatment of intracranial germinoma in children. METHODS: Totally 5 children (3 girls and 2 boys) who were treated in our hospital between January 2009 and December 2010 due to central diabetes insipidus. All patients received contrast-enhanced brain MRI at presentation and during each follow-up: meanwhile, their anterior pituitary hormones and tumor markers including human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) and alpha fetoprotein (AFP) were also determined. RESULTS: Three patients presented without prior evaluation, and two patients were referred to our hospital due to exaggerated disease of unknown cause. Their ages at presentation ranged from 8 years to 12 years 1 month, and the duration of symptoms at presentation was between 1 month to 78 months. All of them had polyuria and polydipsia at presentation. Except one child, the other 4 patients had growth retardation and failure in initiation of puberty. Although the growth rate and puberty development were normal during the 2-year follow-up for the excepted child, all child experienced anterior pituitary hypofunction and an increased concentration of plasma prolactin after the lesion became enlarged. Three patients had cerebral hernia, which presented in 18, 24, and 78 months, respectively. In three patients, brain MRI at presentation showed isolated pituitary stalk thickening, which further developed into massive tumor in the hypothalamus pituitary region 18-22 months later; in the remaining two patients, large brain tumor was found via MRI at their first presentations. In all five patients, the posterior pituitary gland (bright spot) disappeared on T1-weighted MRI images. CSF hCG elevated in all five patients, and serum hCG increased in four patients; the level of hCG varied with the mass size of tumor. Serum and CSF AFP increased in only one patient. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with idiopathic central diabetes insipidus must be closely followed to identify the etiology, especially when anterior pituitary hormone deficiencies are detected. For patients with normal brain MRI results or simply isolated pituitary stalk thickening at presentation, the changes of serial contrast-enhanced brain MRI should be observed during follow-up to ensure the early detection of an evolving occult hypothalamic-stalk lesion. Determination of CSF hCG at the first presentation may be useful, because an increased CSF level of hCG precedes MRI abnormalities. FAU - Tao, Yuan
Abdominal obesity adversely affects bone mass in children.$$$ AIM: To determine the effect of childhood obesity and insulin resistance on bone health. METHODS: We conducted a cross sectional study in pubertal adolescents and young adults 13-20 years old who were either overweight/obese or normal weight. Participants were Tanner 3 or above for pubertal stage, and had fasting blood work done to measure glucose, insulin, C-reactive protein and lipid levels. Homeostatic model of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was calculated using the formula (Fasting Blood Glucose *Insulin/405). Body composition and bone mineral density were measured using dual energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA; Hologic QDR 4500, Waltham, MA, United Kingdom). RESULTS: Percent trunk fat was associated inversely with whole body bone mineral content (BMC), whereas HOMA-IR was associated positively with whole body BMC. CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that abdominal adiposity may have an adverse effect on whole body bone parameters and that this effect is not mediated by insulin resistance. FAU - Krishnan, Sowmya
Stature at time of diagnosis of type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the stature of children with type 1 diabetes mellitus at diagnosis. METHODS: We collected data from 451 records of children who were examined in a pediatric diabetes clinic and used data from the Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey for 10 522 children as control group. Analytical techniques included linear and logistic regression modeling. A semiquantitative meta-analysis evaluated 38 earlier publications that contain information on height at the onset of diabetes. RESULTS: Children <1 year of age were shorter than their peers by 1 standard deviation, whereas those from 3 years to near puberty were taller by approximately 0.3 standard deviation. Adjusting for parental height caused this difference to disappear for the older children but not for the infants. The meta-analysis results paralleled these observations. CONCLUSIONS: Taller children generally seem to experience increased risk for development of diabetes mellitus type 1, except perhaps during infancy or early adolescence. This observation may have implications regarding pathogenesis of this disorder. FAU - DiLiberti, John H
Growth and pubertal development following pediatric heart transplantation: a 15-year experience at Ste-Justine Hospital.$$$ BACKGROUND: Thirty-one children and adolescents have undergone allograft heart transplantation at Ste-Justine Hospital from July 1984 to August 1996. Twenty-five patients were followed prospectively more than 3 years to document their growth and pubertal development. METHODS: Parameters surveyed were clinical (height, weight, pubertal staging, and bone age) and biochemical (luteinizing hormone (LH), follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), testosterone, estradiol, dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate (DHEAS), IGF-1, and fasting insulin). RESULTS: At surgery, there were 18 boys and 7 girls aged 11 months to 17 years (median 13 years); 14 had congenital heart defects (CHDs) and 11 had a cardiomyopathy (CM). Immunosuppressive therapy included cyclosporine, azathioprine, and prednisone. Eighteen patients were still growing (15 boys, 3 girls): 8 had a retarded bone age and 6 with CHD had severe growth failure. Following surgery, most patients maintained their height within one sodium dodecyl sulfate (SDS) score of that initially observed. Patients reaching their target heights do so mainly in the lower range. Three patients not reaching target height had a CHD. Weight was greatest 1 year postoperatively (113 +/- 27% ideal body weight) with normalization at 2 years (100 +/- 18%). Of the 13 prepubertal patients, menarche occurred at age 12 in 1 girl, while 3 boys began puberty at age 12 years. In both sexes, serum levels of gonadotropins and IGF-1 increased during puberty, moderate hyperinsulinism was observed, and DHEAS levels decreased. CONCLUSIONS: Our results indicate that children and adolescents grow normally following cardiac transplantation and that they attain their target height despite a lack of catch-up growth. They gain weight significantly in the first postoperative year with normalization of their weight at 2 years. Furthermore, the clinical and biochemical indices of puberty are overall within the norms. However, the severity of growth delay at the time of transplantation inherent to the cardiac pathology has a major impact on adult height. FAU - de Broux, E
The asthma-obesity link in childhood: open questions, complex evidence, a few answers only.$$$ Obesity and asthma are public health priorities in developed countries. Genes which may contribute to the control of both conditions include those encoding for the beta2-adrenergic receptor, tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) and the insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1). Prospective studies consistently supported a link between obesity and reported wheezing or asthma diagnosis in children. However, there are still no clear explanations for such a link. On one hand, overweight asthmatic children may perceive their asthma as worse. On the other hand, atopic sensitization and bronchial hyper-reactivity do not explain the observed associations. After puberty, the association between asthma and obesity tends to be stronger in girls than in boys. It is conceivable that severe obesity in adolescent females may aggravate asthma through mechanisms different from those linking prepubertal obesity to unremitting asthma in males. Future studies should therefore address multiple age- and gender-specific hypotheses about the mechanisms that link obesity to asthma throughout childhood. FAU - Matricardi, P M
Plasma IGFBP-3 and its relationship with quantitative growth hormone secretion in short children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: We assessed the relationship between serum IGFBP-3 levels with IGF-I and quantitative GH secretory status in poorly growing children. DESIGN: We studied the relationship between 24-hour integrated concentration of GH, peak GH to paired sequential stimulation tests, IGF-I and the IGFBP-3 serum levels. PATIENTS: One hundred and two children (82 males, 20 females, age 11.7 +/- 2.7 years) with short stature (height -2.6 +/- 0.7 SDS) were studied. MEASUREMENTS: Quantitative GH secretory status was assessed by the 24-hour integrated GH and by response to arginine and insulin stimulation. GH, IGFBP-3 and IGF-I were measured by radioimmunoassay. To adjust for age and gender, IGFBP-3 levels were converted to SD score. RESULTS: IGFBP-3 SDS was strongly correlated with IGF-I SDS (r = 0.64, P < 0.0001), and weakly with peak GH (r = 0.28, P < 0.0004), but not with the integrated GH concentration (r = 0.07, P < 0.46). IGFBP-3 SDS increased with pubertal maturation (P < 0.0001). There was no difference in mean IGFBP-3 SDS in subgroupings of the patients based on the results of their quantitative GH tests. CONCLUSION: In short children, IGFBP-3 levels increase with puberty, are strongly correlated with IGF-I levels, weakly correlated with peak response to GH stimulation tests, but not correlated with integrated GH. Consequently, diagnostic classifications of patients based on quantitative measurements of GH secretion and IGFBP-3 differ. FAU - Phillip, M
Association between insulin-like growth factor binding protein-2 levels and cardiovascular risk factors in Korean children.$$$ Emerging evidence has indicated that insulin-like growth factor binding protein-2 (IGFBP-2) may be involved in the development of obesity and insulin resistance like IGFBP-1. The aim of this study was to measure serum IGFBP-2 levels in overweight and obese children and to compare these levels with those of controls. We also analyzed the associations between IGFBP-2 and insulin sensitivity indices and cardiovascular risk factors. 134 Korean children including 55 overweight and 59 obese subjects were enrolled. We measured anthropometric values and determined fasting serum levels of IGFBP-2, glucose, insulin, lipid profiles, and insulin sensitivity indices including the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and the Quantitative Insulin Sensitivity Check Index (QUICKI). The subjects were subgrouped based on body mass index (BMI) and pubertal stage, and association analyses between IGFBP-2 levels and measured factors were performed in each group. Serum IGFBP-2 levels in overweight or obese children were significantly lower than those of controls regardless of pubertal development. Serum IGFBP-2 levels were negatively correlated with weight, BMI, waist circumference, fasting insulin levels, and HOMA-IR but were positively correlated with QUICKI. The associations were stronger in pubertal children than those in prepubertal children. However, no association was observed between serum IGFBP-2 levels and auxological or metabolic parameters in children with normal BMIs. These results suggested that IGFBP-2 might be a promising marker for early recognition of insulin resistance, particularly in overweight or obese children, regardless of pubertal stage. FAU - Ko, Jung Min
Metabolic syndrome in obese children and adolescents in Serbia: prevalence and risk factors.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MS) in obese children and adolescents in Serbia. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: The study group consisted of 254 subjects (148 female and 106 male), aged 4.6-18.9 years with diet-induced obesity (body mass index ≥95th percentile). Presence of MS using the International Diabetes Federation definition was assessed in all subjects, as well as oral glucose tolerance test and insulin resistance indices. RESULTS: Overall prevalence of MS in all subjects aged ≥10 years was 31.2%, namely, 28.7% in children aged 10 to <16 years and 40.5% in adolescents ≥16 years. When adjusted for age, gender and pubertal development, higher degree of obesity was a strong predictor of MS. Multivariate analysis showed that taller subjects and those with higher degree of insulin resistance were at significantly higher risk of MS, independent of the degree of obesity. CONCLUSIONS: High prevalence of MS emphasizes the need for prevention and treatment of childhood obesity. FAU - Vukovic, Rade
Girls with a History of Premature Adrenarche Have Advanced Growth and Pubertal Development at the Age of 12 Years.$$$ BACKGROUND: Premature adrenarche (PA) has been linked to early thelarche and menarche, but longitudinal data on growth and pubertal development after PA are insufficient. METHODS: Growth and pubertal development of mostly full-term and appropriate for gestational age-born 43 PA (36 girls) and 63 control children (52 girls) were analyzed prospectively. Children examined first at the mean age of 7.6 years were reexamined at the mean age of 12.0 years. RESULTS: The PA girls but not the boys were taller and had higher body mass index (BMI) than the controls. A higher proportion of the PA than control girls had reached menarche, while the same percentage of the PA and control boys were at Tanner genital stage ≥2. The PA girls with premature pubarche (PP) were taller but not heavier and had more often reached menarche by the age of 12 years than the PA girls without PP. The PA girls with menarche had lower birth length (BL) and higher prepubertal insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) concentrations compared with non-menarcheal PA girls. In logistic regression analyses for all girls, lower BL standard deviation score, earlier maternal menarche, and higher prepubertal IGF-1 were independently associated with menarche. CONCLUSION: At 12 years of age, the PA girls had higher BMI, advanced linear growth, and accelerated pubertal development with earlier menarche than the control girls. The PA girls with PP were taller and had earlier menarche than the PA girls without PP. Lower BL and higher prepubertal IGF-1 concentration were predictive factors for menarche by the age of 12 years. FAU - Liimatta, Jani
Kisspeptin serum levels in girls with central precocious puberty.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Central precocious puberty (CPP) causes early epiphyseal maturation, and early initiation of treatment improves final height. Unfortunately, there is no one parameter that can distinguish CPP from premature thelarche (PT), which is self-limited and requires no therapy. In animal models, kisspeptin, the ligand for the G-protein coupled receptor GPR54, was found to induce precocious activation of the gonadotrophic axis. Data on kisspeptin levels in girls with precocious puberty or in healthy prepubertal girls are lacking. We measured blood kisspeptin levels in girls with CPP and evaluated its potential as a clinical marker for CPP. Design This was a case-control study. PATIENTS: Thirty-one girls clinically diagnosed with CPP and 14 prepubertal age-matched healthy controls. Measurements Kisspeptin blood levels. RESULTS: Kisspeptin levels were significantly higher in the girls with CPP than in the controls: 14.62 +/- 10.2 pmol/l vs. 8.35 +/- 2.98 pmol/l, P < 0.05. Within the CPP group, there were no significant differences between the girls with a peak LH >5.0 IU/l and those with a peak LH </=5.0 IU/l regarding kisspeptin or any of the clinical, laboratory or ultrasound parameters, or in Tanner stage. No correlation was found between kisspeptin and body mass index standard deviation score (BMI-SDS) or height-SDS (Ht-SDS) for the entire cohort, or when analysed separately for the CPP group and the control group. CONCLUSIONS: Although kisspeptin is significantly higher in girls with true CPP than in age-matched prepubertal controls, the evident overlap limits its use as a single diagnostic tool until further data obtained in larger studies should prove otherwise. FAU - de Vries, L
The exon 3-deleted/full-length growth hormone receptor polymorphism does not influence the effect of puberty or growth hormone therapy on glucose homeostasis in short non-growth hormone-deficient small-for-gestational-age children: results from a two-year controlled prospective study.$$$ CONTEXT: The exon 3-deleted/full-length (d3/fl) GH receptor polymorphism (d3/fl-GHR) has been associated with responsiveness to GH therapy in short small-for-gestational-age (SGA) patients, although consensus is lacking. However, its influence on glucose homeostasis, at baseline or under GH therapy, has not been investigated. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to evaluate whether the d3/fl-GHR genotypes influence insulin sensitivity in short SGA children before or after puberty onset or during GH therapy. DESIGN: We conducted a 2-yr prospective, controlled, randomized trial. SETTING: Thirty Spanish hospitals participated. Auxological, GH secretion, and glucose homeostasis evaluation was hospital based, whereas molecular analyses and data computation were centralized. PATIENTS: Patients included 219 short SGA children [body mass index sd score (SDS) < or = 2.0]; 159 were prepubertal (group 1), and 60 had entered puberty (group 2). INTERVENTION: Seventy-eight patients from group 1 were treated with GH (66 microg/kg.d) for 2 yr (group 3). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Previous and 2-yr follow-up auxological and biochemical data were recorded, d3/fl-GHR genotypes determined, and data analyzed. RESULTS: In groups 1 and 2, fasting glucose, insulin, homeostasis model assessment (HOMA), and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) were similar in each d3/fl-GHR genotype. Group 2 glucose, insulin, and HOMA were significantly higher and QUICKI lower than in group 1. In group 3 GH-treated patients, height SDS, growth velocity SDS, fasting glucose, insulin, and HOMA significantly increased as did body mass index SDS at the end of the second year, and QUICKI decreased during the first and second years, with no differences among the d3/fl-GHR genotypes. CONCLUSION: In short SGA patients, the d3/fl-GHR genotypes do not seem to influence prepubertal or pubertal insulin sensitivity indexes or their changes over 2 yr of GH therapy (66 mug/kg.d). FAU - Audí, L
Endocrine complications in transfusion dependent thalassaemia in Penang Hospital.$$$ Frequent blood transfusions can lead to iron overload which may result in several endocrine complications especially in the absence of adequate chelation therapy. The objectives of this study are to determine the prevalence of endocrine complications in transfusion dependent thalassaemia patients and the correlation of endocrine complications with the degree of iron chelation. This retrospective study looked at cases of adult patients with transfusion dependent thalassaemia treated in the Haematology Unit, Penang Hospital. Of the 25 transfusion dependent thalassaemia patients, there were 10 male and 15 female patients respectively with almost equal number of Malay and Chinese patients (13 and 12 patients respectively). Short stature was seen in 36.0% of our patients. In our cohort, 12 patients had delayed puberty (male 70.0% and female 33.3%). Prevalence of osteoporosis was 36.0%. Hypogonadism was noted in 40.0% of males and 46.7% of females. 53.4% of the female population had menstrual abnormalities with prevalence of primary and secondary amenorrhoea at 26.7% each. The prevalence of other endocrinopathies was much lower: 8.0% had diabetes mellitus and only one patient had hypocortisolism. Iron chelation appeared insufficient in our study population. The high frequency of endocrine complications noted in our study supports the rationale for regular follow-up of transfusion dependent thalassaemic patients to ensure early detection and timely treatment of associated complications. FAU - Ong, C K
Ovarian function in adolescents with McCune-Albright syndrome.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate ovarian function, especially ovulation rate, in adolescents with McCune-Albright syndrome (MAS) and a history of peripheral precocious puberty. DESIGN: Prospective cross-sectional study. SETTING: Academic center. PATIENT(S): A total of eight adolescents with MAS were compared with 15 healthy adolescents matched by age, Tanner stage and body mass index. INTERVENTION(S): We determined basal gonadotropins, sex steroids, sex hormone binding globulin, anti-Müllerian hormone, glucose and insulin. A leuprolide acetate test was performed to measure luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) (at 0 and 3 h), and 17B-estradiol, testosterone and 17-OH-progesterone (at 0 and 24 h). Salivary progesterone levels were used to assess ovulation during the 13th, 18th, 23rd and 28th days of each menstrual cycle for three to five consecutive cycles, and one pelvic ultrasound was performed during the follicular phase. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Ovulation rate in adolescents with MAS. RESULT(S): The proportion of ovulatory cycles was 52.6% in controls compared with 35.7% in patients with MAS. CONCLUSION(S): The adolescent girls with MAS appear to have a lower ovulatory rate compared with controls. FAU - Sotomayor, Karina
Genetically Determined Later Puberty Impacts Lowered Bone Mineral Density in Childhood and Adulthood.$$$ Later puberty associates with lower areal bone mineral density (aBMD), and both are risk factors for osteoporosis. However, the association between puberty timing-associated genetic variants and aBMD during development, and the causal relationship between puberty timing and aBMD, remain uncharacterized. We constructed sex-specific polygenic risk scores (GRS) consisting of 333 genetic variants associated with later puberty in European-descent children in the Bone Mineral Density in Childhood Study (BMDCS), consisting of a longitudinal cohort with up to seven assessments (n = 933) and a cross-sectional cohort (n = 486). These GRS were tested for associations with age- and sex-specific aBMD Z-scores at the lumbar spine (LS), femoral neck (FN), total hip, and distal radius, accounting for clinical covariates using sex-stratified linear mixed models. The causal relationship between puberty timing and aBMD was tested in the BMDCS and in publicly available adult data (GEFOS consortium) using two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR). The puberty-delaying GRS was associated with later puberty and lower LS-aBMD in the BMDCS in both sexes (combined beta ± SE = -0.078 ± 0.024; p = 0.0010). In the MR framework, the puberty-delaying genetic instrument also supported a causal association with lower LS-aBMD and FN-aBMD in adults of both sexes. Our results suggest that pubertal timing is causal for diminished aBMD in a skeletal site- and sex-specific manner that tracks throughout life, potentially impacting later risk for osteoporosis, which should be tested in future studies. © 2017 American Society for Bone and Mineral Research.
Effects of the Timing of Sex-Steroid Exposure in Adolescence on Adult Health Outcomes.$$$ CONTEXT: Variation in pubertal timing is associated with a wide range of adult risks and outcomes, but it is unclear whether these associations are causal, and it is largely unknown whether these associations can be modified by treatment. EVIDENCE ACQUISITION: We conducted PubMed searches to identify Mendelian randomization (MR) studies on the influence of pubertal timing on adult health and studies on sex-steroid treatment of the following conditions associated with reduced reproductive endocrine function in adolescence: constitutional delay, Turner syndrome, and Klinefelter syndrome. EVIDENCE SYNTHESIS: Results of MR studies suggest that earlier pubertal timing increases body mass index; increases risk for breast, ovarian, endometrial, and prostate cancers; elevates fasting glucose levels and blood pressure; impairs lung capacity and increases risk for asthma; leads to earlier sexual intercourse and first birth; decreases time spent in education; and increases depressive symptoms in adolescence. Later pubertal timing appears to lower bone mineral density (BMD). Although studies of constitutional delay have not shown that sex-steroid treatment alters adult height or BMD, studies of girls with Turner syndrome and boys with Klinefelter syndrome suggest that earlier initiation of sex-steroid treatment improves physical and neurocognitive outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Despite having some limitations, MR studies suggest that pubertal timing causally influences many adult conditions and disease risks. Studies of Turner syndrome and Klinefelter syndrome suggest that earlier sex-steroid exposure may have short- and long-term benefits. The mechanisms underlying these findings and the effects of trends and treatments affecting pubertal timing remain to be determined.
Long-term neurodevelopmental outcome in conservatively treated congenital hyperinsulinism.$$$ BACKGROUND: Congenital hyperinsulinism (CH) is treated surgically in many centers (near-total and partial pancreatectomy for diffuse and focal disease respectively). Most patients treated with near-total pancreatectomy developed diabetes during childhood/puberty. CH patients are at increased risk of neurodevelopmental disorders, some being severe, which are reported to occur in 14-44% of patients from highly heterogenous cohorts. Over the last few decades, we have treated children with CH conservatively without surgery. The aim of this study was to assess the neurodevelopmental outcome of these patients. DESIGN AND METHODS: The study included 21 Ashkenazi CH medically treated patients: 11 homozygotes (diffuse disease) and 9 heterozygotes with mutations on the paternal allele (presumed focal disease). The mean age was 13.7 years (range 8-23). Neurodevelopmental outcomes were assessed by telephone interviews of parents, using a standard questionnaire. Closest age siblings of CH patients served as controls. RESULTS: Ten CH patients had perinatal seizures of short duration. Four had post-neonatal seizures, which remitted entirely. During early childhood, four patients (19%) had hypotonia, eight (38%) had fine motor problems, seven (33%) had gross motor problems (clumsiness), and one had mild cerebral palsy. Three patients (14%) had speech problems. Eight patients required developmental therapy, compared to one in the control group. Most of these problems were resolved by age 4-5 years. At school age, all were enrolled in regular education, some excelled in their studies, 6 out of 21 patients (29%) had learning problems (2 out of 21 controls). None had overt diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Good neurodevelopmental outcome was observed in our conservatively treated CH patients, with no diabetes as reported in patients undergoing pancreatectomy. FAU - Mazor-Aronovitch, K
Puberty and plexiform neurofibroma tumor growth in patients with neurofibromatosis type I.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the relationship between pubertal progression and change in plexiform neurofibroma (PN) burden over time in pediatric and young adult patients with neurofibromatosis type 1 and PNs. STUDY DESIGN: Analyses accounted for sex, age, race, and chemotherapy. Forty-one patients with neurofibromatosis type 1 (15 female and 26 male patients) were studied at the National Institutes of Health. Tanner stage, testosterone, progesterone, estradiol, insulin-like growth factor -1, luteinizing hormone, and follicle-stimulating hormone were assessed. Tumor volume was measured using magnetic resonance imaging and lesion detection software developed locally. Patients were divided into 2 groups based on whether they were actively progressing through puberty (n = 16) or were peripubertal (n = 25) and were followed for an average of 20 months. Tumor growth rates in the puberty and peripubertal group were analyzed for a subset of patients. RESULTS: There was no statistically significant difference in tumor burden change over time (cm(2)/kg per month) between the pubertal and peripubertal groups (-0.16 ± 0.34 vs 0.03 ± 1.8, P = .31) and in the PN growth rates before and during puberty (P = .90). Change in tumor volume/patient weight/time did not correlate with testosterone change/time in males or estradiol change/time in females. CONCLUSION: These findings support that hormonal changes of puberty do not accelerate PN growth. Additional long-term follow-up of patients is necessary to further characterize the interaction between puberty and tumor growth.
Infant-feeding patterns are related to blood cholesterol concentration in prepubertal children aged 5-11 y: the Fleurbaix-Laventie Ville Santé study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Several studies, mainly in animals, but also in humans, have shown that diet in infancy is associated with differences in blood cholesterol concentrations later in life. The objective was to examine this relationship in children aged 5-11 y after taking into account their current diet and parental hypercholesterolemia. SETTING AND SUBJECTS: 251 prepubertal boys and 223 prepubertal girls enrolled in the schools in two little towns in northern France. DESIGN AND METHODS: Cross-sectional evaluation including measurements of cholesterol concentrations on capillary blood and a single weekday food intake record. Infant feeding patterns were obtained by questionnaire given to the mothers. RESULTS: 50% of the children had been breast-fed for a median duration of less than 2 months. Cow's milk was introduced in the diet as whole milk for 33% of the children. After adjustment for age, height, and sibship, capillary cholesterol concentration was lower in boys who had been breast fed (geometric mean: 4.4, 95% confidence interval of the mean: 4.2-4.6 mmol/L) than in those fed with formula (4.7, 4.5-4.8 mmol/L, P<0.03). In girls, breastfeeding had no significant effect on blood cholesterol concentration, which was associated with the type of cow's milk given in infancy: whole milk: 4.9 mmol/L (4.7-5. 2); totally or partially skimmed milk: 4.5 mmol/L (4.2-4.6), P<0.008. The current saturated fat and cholesterol intakes and parental hypercyholesterolemia were associated with current blood cholesterol concentration in children, but did not modify its relationship with infant feeding patterns. CONCLUSION: Results of the present study suggest that diet in infancy may have longstanding effect on lipid metabolism. SPONSORSHIP: The study was supported by funds from Eridania Béghin-Say, Groupe Fournier, Lesieur and Nestlé France, Roche Diagnostic and of the MGEN (Mutuelle Générale de l'Education Nationale, contract INSERM-MGEN #9158) and a grant from the Association de Langue Française pour l'Etude du Diabète et du Métabolisme (ALFEDIAM). European Journal of Clinical Nutrition (2000) 54, 114-119 FAU - Plancoulaine, S
Predictors of responses to clinic-based childhood obesity care.$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: Lifestyle modification is the therapy of choice for childhood obesity, yet the response rate is variable and may be affected by genetic factors. We aimed to investigate predictors of poor response to lifestyle modification obesity treatment in children. METHODS: A prospective cohort study of 434 youths (64.5% females) between 4 and 20 years of age undergoing a standard care of lifestyle modification obesity management for 35.9 ± 20.8 months at Yale Childhood Obesity Clinic, USA. The primary outcome was a "poor response," defined as the quintile with the largest increase in BMI Z-score over time. The secondary outcome was the endpoint BMI Z-score. Covariates investigated were sex, baseline pubertal status and degree of obesity, race, biochemical profile, and family history of overweight. A subsample (n = 214) had FTO genotyping (SNP rs8050136) tested. RESULTS: Males (hazard ratio [HR] = 5.35, 95% confidence interval [CI] [3.32-8.61], P < 0.0001) and pubertal adolescents (HR = 2.78, [1.40-5.50], P = 0.003) compared to prepubertal children were more prone to respond poorly. Baseline degree of obesity was associated with relative protection from responding poorly (HR per BMI Z-score unit = 0.32, [0.17-0.61], P = 0.0006). Carriers of the FTO obesity-predisposing allele (AA genotype) were protected from responding poorly compared to non-carriers (CC genotype) (HR = 0.33, [0.12-0.88], P = 0.028). CONCLUSIONS: Boys and pubertal adolescents are more prone to respond poorly to standard obesity care while those with greater baseline degree of obesity and carriers of the FTO obesity-predisposing allele are not.
Influence of puberty timing on adiposity and cardiometabolic traits: A Mendelian randomisation study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Earlier puberty is widely linked with future obesity and cardiometabolic disease. We examined whether age at puberty onset likely influences adiposity and cardiometabolic traits independent of childhood adiposity. METHODS AND FINDINGS: One-sample Mendelian randomisation (MR) analyses were conducted on up to 3,611 white-European female and male offspring from the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children (ALSPAC) cohort recruited at birth via mothers between 1 April 1991 and 31 December 1992. Time-sensitive exposures were age at menarche and age at voice breaking. Outcomes measured at age 18 y were body mass index (BMI), dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry-based fat and lean mass indices, blood pressure, and 230 cardiometabolic traits derived from targeted metabolomics (150 concentrations plus 80 ratios from nuclear magnetic resonance [NMR] spectroscopy covering lipoprotein subclasses of cholesterol and triglycerides, amino acids, inflammatory glycoproteins, and others). Adjustment was made for pre-pubertal BMI measured at age 8 y. For negative control MR analyses, BMI and cardiometabolic trait measures taken at age 8 y (before puberty, and which therefore cannot be an outcome of puberty itself) were used. For replication analyses, 2-sample MR was conducted using summary genome-wide association study data on up to 322,154 adults for post-pubertal BMI, 24,925 adults for post-pubertal NMR cardiometabolic traits, and 13,848 children for pre-pubertal obesity (negative control). Like observational estimates, 1-sample MR estimates in ALSPAC using 351 polymorphisms for age at menarche (explaining 10.6% of variance) among 2,053 females suggested that later age at menarche (per year) was associated with -1.38 kg/m2 of BMI at age 18 y (or -0.34 SD units, 95% CI -0.46, -0.23; P = 9.77 × 10-09). This coefficient attenuated 10-fold upon adjustment for BMI at age 8 y, to -0.12 kg/m2 (or -0.03 SDs, 95% CI -0.13, 0.07; P = 0.55). Associations with blood pressure were similar, but associations across other traits were small and inconsistent. In negative control MR analyses, later age at menarche was associated with -0.77 kg/m2 of pre-pubertal BMI measured at age 8 y (or -0.39 SDs, 95% CI -0.50, -0.29; P = 6.28 × 10-13), indicating that variants influencing menarche also influence BMI before menarche. Cardiometabolic trait associations were weaker and less consistent among males and both sexes combined. Higher BMI at age 8 y (per 1 kg/m2 using 95 polymorphisms for BMI explaining 3.4% of variance) was associated with earlier menarche among 2,648 females (by -0.26 y, 95% CI -0.37, -0.16; P = 1.16 × 10-06), likewise among males and both sexes combined. In 2-sample MR analyses using 234 polymorphisms and inverse variance weighted (IVW) regression, each year later age at menarche was associated with -0.81 kg/m2 of adult BMI (or -0.17 SD units, 95% CI -0.21, -0.12; P = 4.00 × 10-15). Associations were weaker with cardiometabolic traits. Using 202 polymorphisms, later menarche was associated with lower odds of childhood obesity (IVW-based odds ratio = 0.52 per year later, 95% CI 0.48, 0.57; P = 6.64 × 10-15). Study limitations include modest sample sizes for 1-sample MR, lack of inference to non-white-European populations, potential selection bias through modest completion rates of puberty questionnaires, and likely disproportionate measurement error of exposures by sex. The cardiometabolic traits examined were heavily lipid-focused and did not include hormone-related traits such as insulin and insulin-like growth factors. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that puberty timing has a small influence on adiposity and cardiometabolic traits and that preventive interventions should instead focus on reducing childhood adiposity. FAU - Bell, Joshua A
Age when maximum height is reached as a risk factor for breast cancer among young U.S. women.$$$ We evaluated height as a potential risk factor for breast cancer in a case-control study of 747 young women diagnosed with invasive breast cancer before age 46 years and 961 control subjects recruited by random digit dialing. We found that total height attained did not affect a woman's risk of the disease. The age when a women reached her maximum height, however, was a risk factor for breast cancer. There was a trend of decreasing risk of breast cancer in relation to increasing age of height attainment, culminating in a 30% reduction in the risk of breast cancer for women who reached their maximum height when they were 18 years or older compared with women who reached their maximum height when they were 13 years old or less (odds ratio = 0.7; 95% confidence interval = 0.5-1.0). Although the age at menarche was correlated with the age at maximum height, the effect of age at maximum height persisted after adjustment for age at menarche. Previous studies have reported that age at menarche is an important determinant of risk, but this study indicates that age when maximum height is reached may be another, and possibly more important, landmark of puberty that is related to breast cancer risk. The physiologic basis for this claim may lie in the influence on breast development of exposure to growth hormone and insulin-like growth factor during puberty, and on a decreased time between the end of puberty and a woman's first livebirth, both of which are believed to affect a woman's risk of breast cancer. FAU - Li, C I
Serum and urine insulin-like growth factor-1 as biochemical growth maturity indicators.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Biochemical markers are agents directly involved in bone growth and remodeling and can be quantitatively evaluated from various biologic fluids. The aim of this study was to assess the changes in the levels of insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) in serum and urine as a growth maturity indicator and to compare them with the cervical vertebral maturation radiographic stages. METHODS: The study was conducted with 72 female subjects aged 8 to 20 years. Cervical vertebral maturation stages, and serum and urine IGF-1 levels were recorded for all subjects, and the subjects were equally divided into the 6 cervical vertebral maturation groups. Median values of IGF-1 for each stage of cervical vertebral maturation were calculated and statistically compared with those of the other stages. RESULTS: The levels of serum and urine IGF-1 at stage 4 of cervical vertebral maturation were significantly higher than those from the other stages (P <0.01). Stage 4 corresponded to a mean age of 13.67 years. A significant correlation was observed between serum and urine IGF-1 (P <0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Urine IGF-1 follows the growth curve similar to serum IGF-1. Thus, urine IGF-1 may be regarded as a promising noninvasive tool for growth assessment. Further research is necessary to validate these results in a different population and with a larger sample.
Physical activity attenuates the effect of low birth weight on insulin resistance in adolescents: findings from two observational studies.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine whether physical activity influences the association between birth weight and insulin resistance in adolescents. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: The study comprised adolescents who participated in two cross-sectional studies: the Healthy Lifestyle in Europe by Nutrition in Adolescence (HELENA) study (n = 520, mean age = 14.6 years) and the Swedish part of the European Youth Heart Study (EYHS) (n = 269, mean age = 15.6 years). Participants had valid data on birth weight (parental recall), BMI, sexual maturation, maternal education, breastfeeding, physical activity (accelerometry, counts/minute), fasting glucose, and insulin. Insulin resistance was assessed by homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Maternal education level and breastfeeding duration were reported by the mothers. RESULTS: There was a significant interaction of physical activity in the association between birth weight and HOMA-IR (logarithmically transformed) in both the HELENA study and the EYHS (P = 0.05 and P = 0.03, respectively), after adjusting for sex, age, sexual maturation, BMI, maternal education level, and breastfeeding duration. Stratified analyses by physical activity levels (below/above median) showed a borderline inverse association between birth weight and HOMA-IR in the low-active group (standardized β = -0.094, P = 0.09, and standardized β = -0.156, P = 0.06, for HELENA and EYHS, respectively), whereas no evidence of association was found in the high-active group (standardized β = -0.031, P = 0.62, and standardized β = 0.053, P = 0.55, for HELENA and EYHS, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Higher levels of physical activity may attenuate the adverse effects of low birth weight on insulin sensitivity in adolescents. More observational data, from larger and more powerful studies, are required to test these findings. FAU - Ortega, Francisco B
Inpatient and outpatient health care utilization of children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes before and after introduction of DRGs.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To analyze the frequency and length of hospital stays as well as the frequency of diabetes-associated outpatient visits of children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes before and after the introduction of DRGs (diagnosis-related groups) in German hospitals. METHODS: For this prospective cohort study, data from 2000 (before introduction of DRGs) to 2008 (after introduction) was extracted from the German diabetes documentation software DPV. Incidence rates of hospitalizations, length of hospital stays as well as the incidence rates of outpatient visits of 21,502 children and adolescents were estimated. The associations between the target parameters and DRG introduction, age, sex, diabetes duration, calendar year and migration background were estimated using generalized linear mixed models. RESULTS: Incidence of hospitalization was 0.45 (95% CI 0.44-0.45) per person-year (PY), mean number of hospital days 2.77/PY (95% CI: 2.76-2.79). Children had 5.3 (95% CI: 5.3-5.3) outpatient visits per PY on average. The number of hospital stays, inpatient days, and outpatient visits decreased significantly between 2000 and 2008. Time of introduction of DRGs was related to a significant rise in the number of hospital stays and outpatient visits (p<0.05). There was no significant relation to the number of hospital days. Compared with children younger than eleven years of age, 11- to 14-year-old children had significantly more, adolescents older than 14 years significantly less hospital stays (RR 1.2, 95% CI: 1.14-1.23 and 0.92, 95%, CI: 0.87-0.97, respectively). Migration background was significantly associated with worse results for all analyzed target variables (RR 1.21 for hospital stays, 1.26 for hospital days, 1.07 number of outpatient visits). CONCLUSIONS: The introduction of DRGs in the care of patients with pediatric diabetes mellitus resulted in a leveling of the reduction of the number of outpatient visits and hospital stays. Especially adolescents at the age of puberty and patients from families with migration background seem to require particular attention in health care.
Childhood obesity, thyroid function, and insulin resistance – is there a link? A longitudinal study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Serum thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) levels are frequently elevated in obese children and are most likely to be associated with insulin resistance. However, clinical relevance of this association remains unclear. OBJECTIVES: To assess the prevalence of hyperthyrotropinemia; to analyze the relationship between TSH and homeostasis model assessment - insulin resistance (HOMA-IR); and to verify whether TSH levels and HOMA-IR vary with weight loss in obese children. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Retrospective longitudinal study with data from baseline and 1 year after lifestyle intervention in a pediatric obese group (344 children were recruited and 100 among them completed follow-up). For postintervention analysis, three groups were considered according to body mass index-standard deviation score (BMI-SDS) variations: ≤-0.5 (significant weight loss); 0.5-0 (weight loss); and >0 (weight gain). Statistical analysis was performed using SPSS 19.0®. RESULTS: The prevalence of increased TSH levels was 9.3%. At baseline TSH (p=0.007), fT4 (p=0.006), and HOMA-IR (p<0.001) were positively correlated to BMI-SDS (n=344). Weight reduction was verified in 67 out of 100 cases but significant loss was present in only 21 cases. Decreases in both TSH and BMI-SDS were independently associated with decreases in HOMA-IR (p=0.005 and p=0.016, respectively). There was no correlation between TSH and BMI-SDS variation. Significant decreases in the HOMA-IR (p=0.006) were only achieved in the significant weight loss group. CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of hyperthyrotropinemia was lower than previously reported. However, cutoff values were adjusted to pubertal stage, suggesting an over report in other studies. Insulin resistance and TSH were positively correlated, independent of body status. Although weight loss was not associated with TSH variation, a decrease in TSH levels was independently associated with decreases in HOMA-IR. FAU - Santos, Maria Inês
High birth weight and early postnatal weight gain protect obese children and adolescents from truncal adiposity and insulin resistance: metabolically healthy but obese subjects?$$$ OBJECTIVE: Low birth weight (LBW), no early catch-up weight, and subsequent fat accumulation have been associated with increased risks of insulin resistance from childhood onward and later cardiovascular disease. We sought to clarify the effects of high birth weight (HBW) and postnatal weight gain on insulin resistance. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 117 obese children aged 10.4 +/- 2.4 years were divided into three groups according to fetal growth after exclusion of maternal diabetes. They were comparable for age, sex, puberty, and percent body fat. Customized French birth weight standards, adjusted for maternal characteristics and gestation number, identified subjects with true altered fetal growth: 32 had increased fetal growth according to customized standards (HBWcust), 52 were eutrophic, and 33 had restricted fetal growth according to customized standards (LBWcust). Fat distribution by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, insulin sensitivity indexes from an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), and leptin, adiponectin, and visfatin levels were compared between groups. RESULTS: The HBWcust subjects had a higher adiponectin level, higher whole-body insulin sensitivity index (WBISI), and lower hepatic insulin resistance index, lower insulin and free fatty acid concentrations during OGTT, and lower trunk fat percent than eutrophic (P < 0.05) and LBWcust subjects (P < 0.05). Besides birth weight, weight gain between 0 and 2 years was a positive predictor (P < 0.05) of WBISI, whereas weight gain after 4 years was a negative predictor (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: HBW and early weight gain may program insulin sensitivity and adipose tissue metabolism and contribute to so-called metabolically healthy obesity. FAU - Bouhours-Nouet, Natacha
[Statistic study of 5,473 somatotropin secretion stimulation pharmacologic tests (n=9). Proposed weighting coefficient].$$$ A total of 5,473 pharmacological provocative growth hormone release tests were carried out in 3,143 children. Mean age was 9 years 9 months (range 3-16 years) and mean bone age was 7 years 6 months (range 2-14 years). Tests were of 9 different types: 1) arginine (n = 625); 2) clonidine (n = 339); 3) insulin (n = 198); 4) ornithine (n = 162); 5) insulin + arginine (n = 203); 6) clonidine + betaxolol (n = 2,003); 7) L-dopa (n = 685); 8) glucagon = propranolol (n = 443); 9) glucagon + betaxolol (n = 815). All growth hormone determinations were performed using the same radioimmunoassay. Distribution of values obtained with each test was gausso-logarithmic. Mean peak levels with their 95% confidence limit were as follows: 1) 10.2 and 0.45; 2) 11.5 and 0.7; 3) 11.8 and 0.8; 4) 14.2 and 1.2; 5) 14.3 and 0.9; 6) 15.7 and 1.1; 7) 19.8 and 2.1; 8) 20.8 and 2.3; 9) 21.0 and 2.5. These data indicate low specificity, with up to two-fold differences in mean peak levels from one test to another; proportions of peaks under 10 ng/ml ranged from 29% to 69%. Thus, the rate of patients diagnosed with growth hormone deficiency may vary substantially according to the test used. To reduce these discrepancies, we suggest adjustment of test results using a weighting coefficient of 1) 1.9; 2) 1.48; 3) 1.4; 4) 1.16; 5) 1.06; 6) 1.01; 7) 0.73; 8) 0.69; 9) 0.66. FAU - Rochiccioli, P
Increased leptin/adiponectin ratio and free leptin index are markers of insulin resistance in obese girls during pubertal development.$$$ BACKGROUND: Modifications in body fat in obese patients during puberty determine changes in adipokines that affect insulin sensitivity. AIMS: We hypothesized that the leptin/adiponectin (L/A) ratio and free leptin index (FLI) are good markers of insulin resistance (IR) and total body fat (TBF) during pubertal development. METHODS: A prospective study of 32 obese girls (OG) and age-matched control girls (CG) was performed. OG were divided into those that maintained a weight loss (WL) of >1 SD of initial body mass index (BMI) (WL group, n = 25) and those without WL (NWL group, n = 7). Oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT) were performed to evaluate IR. Correlations of adipokines, L/A, and FLI with BMI, waist circumference, percentage of TBF (%TBF) and IR were performed over pubertal development. RESULTS: The L/A ratio and FLI were increased in OG at baseline. Both indexes decreased in the WL group as puberty progressed, with no change in CG or NWL. In the WL group, a correlation between L/A and FLI with OGTT and %TBF, and L/A and homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) was found throughout the study. CONCLUSION: The L/A ratio and FLI are good markers to follow changes in IR and %TBF after WL during puberty. Insulin more accurately reflects the changes in IR than HOMA. FAU - Donoso, M A
Relationship between abdominal adiposity, cardiovascular fitness, and biomarkers of cardiovascular risk in British adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: Puberty is a critical time in the development of overweight and obesity. The aim of this study was to examine relationships between measures of adiposity, cardiovascular fitness, and biomarkers of cardiovascular disease risk in adolescents. METHODS: In a cross-sectional study design, 129 girls and 95 boys aged 12.9-14.4 years at various stages of puberty were included, along with their mothers (n = 217) and fathers (n = 207). Anthropometric assessments of adiposity were made, along with cardiovascular physical fitness, using the 20-m shuttle run test, and biomarkers associated with cardiovascular risk, including glucose, insulin, triglyceride, fibrinogen, and C-reactive protein (CRP) concentrations. RESULTS: Waist-to-height ratio values were similar in boys and girls and correlated positively with diastolic blood pressure, insulin, triglyceride, fibrinogen, and CRP concentrations, and inversely with cardiovascular fitness scores. Skinfold thickness measurements were higher in girls. High-molecular-weight adiponectin concentrations were lower in boys than girls, particularly in late puberty, and CRP levels were higher. Cardiovascular fitness, maternal body mass index (BMI), and paternal BMI contributed independently to the variance in waist measurements in girls and boys. Gender, triceps skinfold thickness, and weight-to-height ratio, but not parental BMI, contributed independently to the variance in cardiovascular fitness. CONCLUSION: There is a relationship between measures of adolescent adiposity and parental weight that involves factors other than cardiovascular fitness. Adolescent boys have relatively more abdominal fat than girls and a tendency to have a proinflammatory profile of biomarkers. These observations suggest that family and social environmental interventions are best undertaken earlier in childhood, particularly among boys.
Effects of magnitude of visceral adipose tissue reduction: Impact on insulin resistance, hyperleptinemia and cardiometabolic risk in adolescents with obesity after long-term weight-loss therapy.$$$ AIM: To investigate the association between visceral adipose tissue loss and insulin resistance and hyperleptinemia in adolescents with obesity submitted to interdisciplinary weight-loss therapy. METHODS: A total of 172 post-pubertal adolescents (body mass index greater than the 95th percentile of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reference growth charts) were recruited for the study. The adolescents were assigned to long-term weight-loss therapy. Body composition, visceral and subcutaneous fat, glucose metabolism, lipid profile, hepatic enzymes and leptin concentration were measured. After the therapy, the adolescents were allocated to three different groups according to the tertile of visceral fat reduction. RESULTS: Positive effects on body composition were observed in all analysed groups independent of visceral fat reduction. It was found that visceral fat was an independent predictor of insulin resistance in the investigated population. Obese adolescents who lost a higher proportion of visceral adipose tissue (>1.8 cm) demonstrated improved metabolic and inflammatory parameters twice as much than those who presented smaller losses. Positive correlations between visceral fat reduction and glucose metabolism, lipid profile, hepatic enzymes and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance index were demonstrated. CONCLUSION: The magnitude of the reduction in visceral fat was an independent predictor of insulin resistance, hyperleptinemia and metabolic disorders related to obese adolescents. FAU - Campos, Raquel Munhoz da Silveira
Habitual dietary lactose and galactose intakes in association with age at menopause in non-galactosemic women.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Rodent models and studies on women with galactosemia suggest the ovo-toxicity effect of galactose. However, the association between galactose intake from dietary sources and the ovarian function in women without galactosemia has not yet been described. Therefore, this study aimed to investigate the associations between both dietary galactose and lactose intake, and ovarian dysfunction as the odds of early menopause in women without galactosemia. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This cross-sectional study was conducted on 821 women without galactosemia, participants of the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study (TLGS), who experienced natural menopause. Habitual dietary intakes of lactose and galactose during the past 12 month were assessed, using a food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ). In this study, early menopause was defined as natural menopause before the age of 45 years. RESULTS: Mean- and menopausal age of women were reported as 59.3±7.94 and 48.6±4.81 years, respectively. No statistically significant linear association was observed between the daily intakes of lactose and galactose and the odds of early menopause. After adjusting for age, energy intake, and age at menarche, women in the middle tertiles of lactose (62%, 95%CI: 1.07, 2.46) and galactose (58%, 95% CI: 1.05, 2.39) intake had significantly higher odds of early menopause, than those in the first tertile. When the daily intake of lactose and galactose were expressed as the percentage of energy intake, the higher odds of early menopause among women in the middle tertile compared to those with the first tertile were reduced and became non-significant. CONCLUSION: No statistically significant linear associations were reported between the intake of lactose and galactose and age of menopause. However, the odds of early menopause in those women with the middle tertile of lactose and galactose intake were significantly higher than those women in the first tertile. FAU - Rostami Dovom, Marzieh
Reference values for insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) and the ratio of insulin-like growth factor-I to IGFBP-3 throughout childhood and adolescence.$$$ To facilitate the diagnosis of GH deficiency and monitor GH therapy, we constructed two reference models to allow comparison of serum IGF binding protein (IGFBP)-3 concentrations and IGF-I to IGFBP-3 ratios among children throughout childhood and adolescence. This report presents equations for determining the sd score of IGFBP-3 and IGF-I to IGFBP-3 measurements for individual patients. The data set contains serum values from 468 healthy children and adolescents (232 males, 236 females; ages 1.1-18.3 yr) whose height, weight, and body mass index were within +/- 3 sd of means. Puberty was classified according to breast development (B) and testicular volume into pre-, early, mid-, and late puberty. The values of IGFBP-3 and IGF-I to IGFBP-3 ratios were log transformed, and multiple linear regression analysis was used to identify models for converting serum concentrations into sd scores. The models include the variables of age, gender, and puberty and take into account the interactions among these variables. The best linear models explain 42% of the variation in serum IGFBP-3 concentrations and 50% of the variation in serum IGF-I to IGFBP-3 concentrations. The relationship between age and log(IGFBP-3) was positive for boys in pre-, early, and midpuberty. In late puberty, values were higher than earlier in puberty, and there was a negative relationship with age. For girls the relationship between age and log(IGFBP-3) also was positive in pre- and early puberty, with larger effect for girls older than 8 yr. Values for girls in midpuberty were relatively constant, and in late puberty values were higher than earlier in puberty, and there was a negative relationship with age. The relationship between age and log(IGF-I to IGFBP-3 ratio) was positive for boys in pre-, early, and early midpuberty (volume = 9-14 ml). In late midpuberty (volume = 15-19 ml), the relationship between age and IGF-I to IGFBP-3 ratio was negative. In late puberty, values were relatively constant and higher than earlier in puberty. For girls in prepuberty, the relationship with age was positive, with a larger effect in girls older than 8 yr. In early puberty, the girls' values were relatively constant. In early midpuberty (B = 3), log(IGF-I to IGFBP-3 ratio) values were higher for girls than boys of the same age. In late midpuberty (B = 4), the relationship with age was negative, and in late puberty values were relatively constant and higher than earlier in puberty. FAU - Löfqvist, Chatarina
Risk factors for breast and endometrial cancer in a cohort of women treated with menopausal oestrogens.$$$ A matched case-control study was undertaken with the aim of determining the presence of several risk factors for breast and endometrial cancer in a cohort of women--recruited from a defined geographical area of Sweden--who had received at least one oestrogen prescription for menopausal symptoms. A mailed questionnaire was answered by 653 (88.8%) of 735 women sampled from the cohort (cases) and 952 (76.8%) of 1240 women sampled from the background population (controls) and these respondents formed the basis of the analyses. The prevalence rates of oophorectomy and hysterectomy were significantly higher among oestrogen-treated women than in the background population, 10.7% versus 2.6% (odds ratio (OR) = 5.1, 95% confidence interval (Cl) 3.1-8.5) and 19.0% versus 7.3% (OR = 2.7, Cl 1.9-3.8), respectively. Higher theoretical education entailed a more than twofold increase in the risk of receiving oestrogen treatment, compared with women with less than eight years at school. Women who had a first degree relative with breast cancer ran a relative risk of receiving oestrogen therapy of 0.6 (Cl 0.4-0.9) whereas the risk for women with a prior breast biopsy was 1.4 (Cl 1.0-2.1). For all other variables studied, ie diabetes, hypertension, age at menarche, age at first livebirth, nulliparity, age at menopause, height and weight, there were no statistically significant differences between the cohort of oestrogen-treated women and the background population. We conclude that the difference in the prevalence of hysterectomy has to be taken into account when calculating the risk of endometrial cancer in the cohort.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS) FAU - Bergkvist, L
Sexual precocity in boys: accelerated versus slowly progressive puberty gonadotropin-suppressive therapy and final height.$$$ The indication for GnRH analog treatment in boys with central sexual precocity is based mainly on the age of onset of puberty. Our aim was to determine whether the rate of pubertal progression should also be taken into consideration. Included in the study were 81 boys with central sexual precocity: 27 with true precocious puberty (onset at <9 yr) and 54 with early puberty (onset at 9-10.5 yr). At the time of analysis, all had completed puberty, and 66 (22 central precocious puberty, 44 early puberty) had achieved final height. Progression of puberty (Tanner stage 2 to 3) was accelerated (0.5-1.32 yr) in 42 boys (16 central precocious puberty, 26 early puberty) and slow (1.7-2.9 yr) in 39 (11 central precocious puberty, 28 early puberty). The boys with accelerated puberty had significantly elevated T levels (central precocious puberty and early puberty, P < 0.001), faster growth rate (change in height SD score/duration: central precocious puberty, P < 0.05; early puberty, P < 0.01), and faster bone maturation rate (change in bone age/duration: central precocious puberty, P < 0.05; early puberty, P < 0.001). All 42 boys with accelerated puberty were treated with GnRH analog for 2.3-4.2 yr; the duration to completion of puberty and the height gain after therapy was discontinued were similar for the boys with central precocious puberty and early puberty. The 39 boys with slow puberty received no treatment and had a prolonged course of puberty (central precocious puberty, 5.05 +/- 0.3 yr; early puberty, 4.72 +/- 0.77 yr; average normal, 3.5 yr). The final height achieved in the 35 (11 central precocious puberty, 24 early puberty) untreated boys was within the range of their respective target height. The 31 (11 central precocious puberty, 20 early puberty) treated boys also achieved their genetic target height. Predictions based on the Bayley-Pinneau method at Tanner stage 3 for all boys and at discontinuation of therapy for treated boys overestimated the achieved final height (P < 0.001). In conclusion, boys with sexual precocity, whether central precocious puberty or early puberty, may have either accelerated or slow pubertal development. The decision to institute suppressive therapy should be based also on the rate of pubertal progression. Treatment should be offered only to those (either central precocious puberty or early puberty) with accelerated growth and bone maturation rates and rapid increase in T levels. Suppression therapy apparently converts accelerated puberty into nonsustained slow puberty and probably prevents compromised final height. FAU - Lazar, L
Origin of craniopharyngiomas: implications for growth pattern, clinical characteristics, and outcomes of tumor recurrence.$$$ OBJECT Craniopharyngiomas are associated with a high rate of recurrence. The surgical management of recurrent lesions has been among the most challenging neurosurgical procedures because of the craniopharyngioma's complex topographical relationship with surrounding structures. The aim of this study was to define the determinative role of the site of origin on the growth pattern and clinical features of recurrent craniopharyngiomas. METHODS The authors performed a retrospective analysis of 52 patients who had undergone uniform treatment by a single surgeon. For each patient, data concerning symptoms and signs, imaging features, hypothalamic-pituitary function, and recurrence-free survival rate were collected. RESULTS For children, delayed puberty was more frequent in the group with Type I (infradiaphragmatic) craniopharyngioma than in the group with Type TS (tuberoinfundibular and suprasellar extraventricular) lesions (p < 0.05). For adults, blindness was more frequent in the Type I group than in the Type TS group (p < 0.05). Nausea or vomiting, delayed puberty, and growth retardation were more frequent in children than in adults (p < 0.05). Overall clinical outcome was good in 48.07% of the patients and poor in 51.92%. Patients with Type TS recurrent tumors had significantly worse functional outcomes and hypothalamic function than patients with the Type I recurrent tumors but better pituitary function especially in children. CONCLUSIONS The origin of recurrent craniopharyngiomas significantly affected the symptoms, signs, functional outcomes, and hypothalamic-pituitary functions of patients undergoing repeated surgery. Differences in tumor growth patterns and site of origin should be considered when one is comparing outcomes and survival across treatment paradigms in patients with recurrent craniopharyngiomas. FAU - Bao, Yun
Childhood hearing is associated with growth rates in infancy and adolescence.$$$ It is known that shorter stature is associated with sensorineural hearing loss; and that cochlear development is associated with activity of IGF 1, as are many important aspects of neurodevelopment. We hypothesized that this relation might be extrapolated to a normally hearing group, and that the strongest relation between hearing level and growth rate would be in late puberty, when serum IGF-1 levels are highest. We examined the statistical relation between childhood hearing threshold and rate of growth in height at different times during the life course up to age 32. We found mixed support for the hypothesis. The strongest relations were observed in late puberty, at the ages which previous research shows are associated with the highest serum concentrations of IGF-1 in males and females, but also in infancy and early childhood. The association between hearing and height is present in a normally hearing, general population sample, and is associated with growth in late adolescence. Our findings support the idea that childhood hearing threshold may be predictive of IGF-1 mediated developmental characteristics. FAU - Welch, David
Low-grade inflammation and muscular fitness on insulin resistance in adolescents: Results from LabMed Physical Activity Study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Low muscular fitness (MF) and low-grade inflammation has been linked to insulin resistance (IR). OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the associations between MF and a clustered score of inflammatory biomarkers on IR and to investigate the combined impact of MF and inflammation on IR in adolescents. METHODS: This is a cross-sectional analysis with 529 adolescents (267 girls) aged 12 to 18 years. Pubertal stage, socioeconomic status, adherence to the Mediterranean diet, cardiorespiratory fitness, and waist circumference were assessed. Standing long-jump and isometric handgrip dynamometry were used as indicators of MF. Continuous score of clustered inflammatory biomarkers (InflaScore) (sum of Z-scores of C-reactive protein, C3, C4, fibrinogen, and leptin) and IR (homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance [HOMA-IR] estimated from fasting serum insulin and glucose) were assessed. RESULTS: HOMA-IR and fasting insulin were positively associated with InflaScore and negatively associated with MF, independently of age, sex, pubertal stage, socioeconomic status, adherence to the Mediterranean diet, cardiorespiratory fitness, and waist circumference. Adolescents classified as High InflaScore/Unfit showed significantly higher HOMA-IR when compared than those with High InflaScore/Fit and those with Low InflaScore/Fit (F((3,519))  = 4.761, P < .003), after adjustments for potential confounders. Unfit adolescents with high InflaScore had the highest odds of expressing high HOMA-IR (odds ratio, OR = 2.40, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.2-5.6) and insulin risk (2.53 95% CI, 1.5-5.9) when compared to those of the Low InflaScore/Fit group, after adjustments for potential confounders. CONCLUSION: Higher levels of MF seem to minimize the deleterious effect of inflammation on IR.
Pituitary disease in pediatric brain tumor survivors.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Treatment of childhood brain tumors, including surgical resection and especially external beam radiation, often results in endocrine complications manifested by hypopituitarism, which can involve growth hormone deficiency, hypothyroidism, adrenal insufficiency, disorders of puberty, diabetes insipidus, and hypothalamic obesity. AREAS COVERED: A comprehensive literature search was conducted on Medline (publications from the 1990s to 01/2019) including systematic reviews, meta-analyses, longitudinal controlled studies, retrospective cohort studies, and case reports. Herein, we present an up-to-date review of the current literature regarding endocrine sequellae of childhood brain tumor survivors. EXPERT OPINION: Late endocrine sequellae can arise many years after the initial treatment of tumor, so at least annual surveillance of growth, puberty, weight, development, and endocrine status is recommended for at least 10 years after tumor therapy. This follow up should encompass childhood and adulthood among survivors. If found early, outcomes of endocrinopathies are favorable when treated appropriately. Newer tumor therapy modalities, such as proton beam radiation, offer the potential for fewer endocrine complications, but such benefit has yet to be demonstrated, and more research into short- and long-term outcomes is needed. FAU - Howell, Jonathan C
Obesity is positively associated with dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate concentrations at 7 y in Chilean children of normal birth weight.$$$ BACKGROUND: In low-birth-weight girls, obesity increases the risk of premature adrenarche and metabolic complications. However, the consistency of this association in normal-birth-weight children and its potential mediators remain unknown. OBJECTIVES: The objectives were to assess the associations between obesity indicators and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS) at 7 y of age and to evaluate the role of hormonal markers on these associations. DESIGN: We assessed in 969 participants (6.9 y; 48% girls; all Tanner I) in the Growth and Obesity Chilean Cohort Study the associations between DHEAS and weight, BMI, waist circumference (WC), waist-to-height ratio, skinfold thickness, and percentage total fat (bioimpedance) and determined whether these associations were related to insulin, insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I), and leptin. We also compared BMI and height growth from 0 to 7 y of age in nonobese and obese children with normal and high DHEAS (≥75th percentile) at 7 y. RESULTS: DHEAS concentrations were similar between girls (30.3 ±1.86 μg/dL) and boys (29.4 ±1.73 μg/dL) (P > 0.05); 17.3% of children were obese (BMI-for-age z score ≥2 SD). Adiposity indicators were positively and similarly associated with DHEAS [ie, BMI, β standardized regression coefficient: 0.23 (95% CI: 0.17, 0.29); WC, β standardized regression coefficient: 0.23 (95% CI: 0.16, 0.30)]; these associations were only partially related to IGF-I and leptin. Obese children had twice the risk of high DHEAS (OR: 2.16; 95% CI: 1.51, 3.09); at 7 y, obese children with high DHEAS were fatter and more centrally obese than their counterparts (P < 0.05), although their previous growth was similar (P > 0.05). None of the results differed by sex (P > 0.05). CONCLUSION: In children of normal birth weight, obesity is positively associated with DHEAS at 7 y of age. FAU - Corvalán, Camila
The role of estrogen receptor α in growth plate cartilage for longitudinal bone growth.$$$ Estrogens enhance skeletal growth during early sexual maturation, whereas high estradiol levels during late puberty result in growth plate fusion in humans. Although the growth plates do not fuse directly after sexual maturation in rodents, a reduction in growth plate height is seen by treatment with a high dose of estradiol. It is unknown whether the effects of estrogens on skeletal growth are mediated directly via estrogen receptors (ERs) in growth plate cartilage and/or indirectly via other mechanisms such as the growth hormone/insulin-like growth factor 1 (GH/IGF-1) axis. To determine the role of ERα in growth plate cartilage for skeletal growth, we developed a mouse model with cartilage-specific inactivation of ERα. Although mice with total ERα inactivation displayed affected longitudinal bone growth associated with alterations in the GH/IGF-1 axis, the skeletal growth was normal during sexual maturation in mice with cartilage-specific ERα inactivation. High-dose estradiol treatment of adult mice reduced the growth plate height as a consequence of attenuated proliferation of growth plate chondrocytes in control mice but not in cartilage-specific ERα(-/-) mice. Adult cartilage-specific ERα(-/-) mice continued to grow after 4 months of age, whereas growth was limited in control mice, resulting in increased femur length in 1-year-old cartilage-specific ERα(-/-) mice compared with control mice. We conclude that during early sexual maturation, ERα in growth plate cartilage is not important for skeletal growth. In contrast, it is essential for high-dose estradiol to reduce the growth plate height in adult mice and for reduction of longitudinal bone growth in elderly mice.
Dietary Patterns Exhibit Sex-Specific Associations with Adiposity and Metabolic Risk in a Cross-Sectional Study in Urban Mexican Adolescents.$$$ Background: Studies in Western nations have shown associations of certain dietary patterns with obesity and metabolic risk in youth. Little is known about these relations in newly industrialized countries where obesity prevalence is surpassing those of developed countries.Objective: We sought to characterize dietary patterns in a cross-sectional study in 224 adolescents aged 8-14 y in Mexico and to investigate associations of the dietary patterns with adiposity and metabolic risk.Methods: We used principal components analysis to derive dietary patterns from food-frequency questionnaire data. By using linear regression models that accounted for mother's marital status, education, and smoking habits and child's age and physical activity, we examined associations of the dietary patterns with adiposity [body mass index z score, waist circumference, the sum and ratio of the subscapular and triceps skinfold thicknesses, blood pressure, serum fasting glucose and a C-peptide-based measure of insulin resistance (CP-IR), lipid profile, and a metabolic syndrome risk z score (MetS z score)].Results: We identified a "prudent" dietary pattern characterized by high intakes of vegetables, fruit, fish, chicken, and legumes and a "transitioning" dietary pattern, which comprises processed meats, Mexican foods, and sweetened beverages. Each unit increase in the prudent pattern factor score corresponded with 0.33 ng/mL (95% CI: 0.09, 0.57 ng/mL) lower C-peptide, 0.08 units (95% CI: 0.02, 0.13 units) lower CP-IR, and a 0.14 unit (0.00, 0.27 unit) lower MetS z score in boys. In girls, the transitioning pattern corresponded with higher subscapular + triceps skinfold thickness (per 1-unit increase in the factor score: 2.46 mm; 95% CI: 0.10, 4.81 mm). These results did not change after accounting for pubertal status.Conclusions: A prudent dietary pattern was protective against metabolic risk in adolescent boys, whereas a transitioning dietary pattern corresponded with higher adiposity among adolescent girls. Given that adolescence is a key developmental period for long-term health, efforts to elucidate dietary determinants of metabolic risk during this life stage may have long-term benefits.
Clinical and Etiological Aspects of Gynecomastia in Adult Males: A Multicenter Study.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the characteristics of presentation, biochemical profile, and etiology of gynecomastia in adults. METHODS: Medical records of 237 men aged 18-85 years with gynecomastia were evaluated. RESULTS: Highest prevalence of gynecomastia was observed between 21 and 30 years (n = 74; 31.2%). The most common presenting complaints were aesthetic concerns (62.8%) and breast pain (51.2%). 25.3% of the subjects had a history of pubertal gynecomastia. 56.5% had bilateral gynecomastia. 39.9% were overweight and 22.8% were obese. The etiology could not be identified in 45.1% of the cases; the most frequent identified causes were anabolic steroids consumption (13.9%), hypogonadism (11.1%), and use of pharmaceutical drugs (7.8%). Patients with bilateral gynecomastia had a longer history of disease, higher BMI, and lower testosterone levels. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with gynecomastia presented more often with aesthetic concerns and secondarily with breast pain. The most frequent final diagnosis was idiopathic gynecomastia, whereas the most frequent identified etiologies were anabolic steroids consumption, hypogonadism, and use of pharmaceutical drugs. Despite the low frequency of etiologies such as thyroid dysfunction or adrenal carcinoma, we emphasize the importance of a thorough assessment of the patient, as gynecomastia may be the tip of the iceberg for the diagnosis of treatable diseases. FAU - Costanzo, Pablo René
The exon 3 deleted growth hormone receptor gene is associated with small birth size and early pubertal onset in healthy boys.$$$ CONTEXT: The GH/IGF-I axis influences gonadal development and function. Recently, a deletion of exon 3 in the GH receptor gene (GHRd3) has been linked to increased responsiveness to GH. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to evaluate the influence of the GHRd3 gene on birth size and pubertal onset. DESIGN AND SETTING: We conducted a cross-sectional study, part of The COPENHAGEN Puberty Study, at a tertiary center for pediatric endocrinology. PARTICIPANTS: Participants included 618 healthy boys aged 6.1-19.8 yr. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: We assessed pubertal onset by genital staging and testicular palpation and parental reported birth weight and length. GHR genotypes were determined by multiplex PCR. RESULTS: Age at onset of genital development (G2+) was significantly earlier in the GHRd3 homozygotes (GHRd3/d3) [10.86 (10.35-11.37) yr, mean (95% confidence interval)] compared with the full-length homozygotes (GHRfl/fl) [11.76 (11.35-12.00) yr, P = 0.002]. The odds ratio of having detectable testosterone levels for a given age was significantly higher in GHRd3/d3 compared with GHRfl/fl group (odds ratio = 3.1; 95% confidence interval = 1.2-8.9; P = 0.036). The GHRd3/d3 group the higher prepubertal IGF-I levels compared with the GHRfl/fl group (9.2% (0.1-18.1%), P = 0.048) after adjustment for IGF-binding protein-3 levels. Lower gestational-age-adjusted birth weight and length were found in the GHRd3/d3 group compared with the GHRfl/fl group and the GHRfl/d3 group, respectively (all P < or = 0.018). CONCLUSION: The GHRd3/d3 genotype was associated with smaller birth size and earlier age at pubertal onset compared with the GHRfl/fl genotype. Thus, this common polymorphism could play a role for prenatal growth and gonadal development in boys. FAU - Sørensen, Kaspar
Dietary fat consumption and health.$$$ Dietary Guidelines have emerged over the past 30 years recommending that Americans limit their consumption of total fat and saturated fat as one way to reduce the risk of a range of chronic diseases. However, a low-fat diet is not a no-fat diet. Dietary fat clearly serves a number of essential functions. For example, maternal energy deficiency, possible exacerbated by very low-fat intakes (< 15% of energy), is one key determinant in the etiology of low birth weight. The debate continues over recommendations for limiting total fat and saturated fatty acid intake in children. Recent evidence indicates that diets with adequate energy providing less than 30% of energy from fat are sufficient to promote normal growth and normal sexual maturation. More attention needs to be devoted to the effect of dietary fat reduction on the nutrient density of children's diets. The association between dietary fat and CHD has been extensively studied. Diets high in saturated fatty acids and trans fatty acids increase LDL cholesterol levels, and in turn, the risk of heart disease. The relationship between high-carbohydrate/low-fat diets and CHD is more ambiguous because high-carbohydrate diets induce dyslipidemia in certain individuals. Obesity among adults and children is now of epidemic proportions in the United States. High-fat diets leading to excessive energy intakes are strongly linked to the increasing obesity in the United States. However, the prevalence of obesity has increased during the same time period that dietary fat intake (both in absolute terms and as a percentage of total dietary energy) has decreased. These trends suggest that a concomitant decrease in total dietary energy and modifications of other lifestyle factors, such as physical activity, also need to be emphasized. Obesity is also an independent risk factor for the development of diabetes. The current availability of fat-modified foods offers the potential for dietary fat reduction and treatment of the comorbidities associated with diabetes. However, to date, few studies have documented the effectiveness of fat-modified foods as part of a weight loss regimen or in reduction in CHD risks among individuals with diabetes mellitus. The association between total dietary fat and cancer is still under debate. While there is some evidence demonstrating associations between dietary fat intake and cancers of the breast, prostate, and colon, there are serious methodologic issues, including the difficulty in differentiating the effects of dietary fat independent of total energy intake. Reported total fat and saturated fatty acid intakes as a percentage of total energy have been declining over the past 30 years in the United States. Despite this encouraging trend, the majority of individuals--regardless of age--do not report consuming a diet that meets the levels of fat and saturated fatty acids recommended by the Dietary Guidelines for Americans. On a relative basis, saturated fat intake has gone down less than has total fat intake. Individuals of all ages who report consuming a diet with < or = 30% of energy from fat consistently have lower energy intakes. Given the increasing rates of obesity in the United States at an earlier and earlier age, dietary fat reduction may be an effective part of an overall strategy to balance energy consumption with energy needs. In each of the age/gender groups reporting consumption of < or = 30% of energy from fat and less than 10% of energy from saturated fatty acids, fat-modified foods play a more important role in their diets than for people who are consuming higher levels of fat and saturated fat. The data are clear than fat-modified foods make a more significant contribution to diets of consumers with low-fat intakes. While one cannot argue cause and effect from the results presented, the patterns of fat-modified foods/low-fat intakes are consistent. The focus on overall diet quality is often lost in the national obsession with lowering fat inta FAU - Lichtenstein, A H
Body composition of obese adolescents: association between adiposity indicators and cardiometabolic risk factors.$$$ BACKGROUND: The association between obesity during adolescence and the increased risk of cardiometabolic diseases indicates the need to identify reproducible and cost effective methods for identifying individuals who are at increased risk of developing diseases. The present cross-sectional study investigated the occurrence of metabolic consequences of obesity in adolescents and the use of adiposity indicators as predictors of cardiometabolic risk. METHODS: A fasting blood sample was taken in 93 pubertal obese adolescents aged 13-18 years old (39 males, 54 females) for the assessment of cardiometabolic risk markers (glucose, lipid profiles, insulin resistence, and inflammatory and endothelial dysfunction markers). Together with anthropometry, total fat mass and lean mass were determined by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA). RESULTS: The prevalence of dyslipidaemia and disorders in glucose metabolism are noticeably higher in the present study. There was no correlation between the percentage of body fat according to DXA and most indicators of adiposity. For boys, the arm circumference values predicted the increase in fasting insulin (r² = 0.200), homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (r² = 0.267) and cardiometabolic risk score (r² = 0.338). The percentage of body fat according to DXA predicted the inflammation score (r² = 0.172). For girls, body mass index was the parameter that best described the variability of fasting insulin (r² = 0.079) and inflammation score (r² = 0.263). The waist-to-stature ratio was able to predict the triglyceride values (r² = 0.090). CONCLUSIONS: Anthropometric measures of adiposity, such a body mass index, waist-to-stature ratio, arm circumference and waist circumference,should be considered in the clinical evaluation of obese adolescents.
Dietary glycemic load, insulin load, and weight loss in obese, insulin resistant adolescents: RESIST study.$$$ BACKGROUND & AIMS: The optimal dietary approach for weight loss and improving insulin sensitivity in adolescents is unknown. This study aimed to explore the association between the estimated insulin demand of the diet, as measured by glycemic and insulin load, weight loss, percentage body fat and insulin sensitivity index (ISI) in obese adolescents with clinical features of insulin resistance and/or prediabetes after a 3 month lifestyle and metformin intervention. METHODS: Secondary data analysis of 91 adolescents (median age 12.7 years (range 10.1-17.4) participating in a randomized controlled trial, known as RESIST; ACTRN12608000416392. Weight change between baseline and 3 months was measured by BMI expressed as percentage of the 95th centile (BMI %95). Body composition was measured by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry and ISI was determined by an oral glucose tolerance test. RESULTS: Higher dietary glycemic load and insulin load were associated with less weight loss (BMI %95), adjusted for sex and pubertal stage, β = 0.0466, P = 0.007 and β = 0.0124, P = 0.040, respectively. Inclusion of total energy intake in the model explained observed associations between dietary glycemic load and insulin load and change in BMI %95. Neither dietary glycemic load nor insulin load were associated with changes in percentage body fat or ISI. Dietary glycemic index and macronutrient content (% of total energy) were not associated to changes in BMI %95, percentage body fat or ISI. CONCLUSION: Reduced energy diet contributes to weight loss in obese, insulin resistant adolescents. Diets with a lower insulin demand were associated with a lower energy intake and may hence assist with weight loss.
Serum bioactive luteinizing and follicle-stimulating hormone concentrations in girls increase during puberty.$$$ FSH plays an essential role in folliculogenesis and ovarian growth. However, cross-sectional studies have not shown an increase in bioactive FSH (B-FSH) during puberty. To eliminate intersubject variability, we used a longitudinal design and tested the hypothesis that B-FSH increases during puberty. Thirty normal, healthy girls were enrolled in a longitudinal study from pubertal stages I to IV. The subjects were evaluated at 6-mo intervals; each visit consisted of pubertal staging, bone age determination by x-ray, measurements of serum immunoreactive FSH (I-FSH) and B-FSH (n = 14) or immunoreactive LH (I-LH) and bioactive LH (B-LH) (n = 18), and adrenal and ovarian steroids. All girls had clinical and hormonal characteristics of puberty. Both I-FSH and B-FSH levels were relatively elevated before puberty, whereas serum I-LH and B-LH were low. From pubertal stages I to III, there was a modest yet significant rise in serum I-FSH (p < 0.001) and serum B-FSH (p < 0.01). Serum I-LH and B-LH concentrations showed the expected increases with puberty (p < 0.001), with serum B-LH concentrations exhibiting a greater rise than I-LH (p < 0.001). Our results demonstrate that serum B-FSH and I-FSH increase during puberty. Relatively elevated B-FSH concentrations from early to midpuberty may be an important factor for ovarian growth while circulating LH and estrogen are still low. As puberty progresses, the continued and selective increase in LH induces a rise in estradiol and ultimately leads to ovulation. FAU - Kasa-Vubu, J Z
Steroid Sulfatase Deficiency and Androgen Activation Before and After Puberty.$$$ CONTEXT: Steroid sulfatase (STS) cleaves the sulfate moiety off steroid sulfates, including dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) sulfate (DHEAS), the inactive sulfate ester of the adrenal androgen precursor DHEA. Deficient DHEA sulfation, the opposite enzymatic reaction to that catalyzed by STS, results in androgen excess by increased conversion of DHEA to active androgens. STS deficiency (STSD) due to deletions or inactivating mutations in the X-linked STS gene manifests with ichthyosis, but androgen synthesis and metabolism in STSD have not been studied in detail yet. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We carried out a cross-sectional study in 30 males with STSD (age 6-27 y; 13 prepubertal, 5 peripubertal, and 12 postpubertal) and 38 age-, sex-, and Tanner stage-matched healthy controls. Serum and 24-hour urine steroid metabolome analysis was performed by mass spectrometry and genetic analysis of the STS gene by multiplex ligation-dependent probe amplification and Sanger sequencing. RESULTS: Genetic analysis showed STS mutations in all patients, comprising 27 complete gene deletions, 1 intragenic deletion and 2 missense mutations. STSD patients had apparently normal pubertal development. Serum and 24-hour urinary DHEAS were increased in STSD, whereas serum DHEA and testosterone were decreased. However, total 24-hour urinary androgen excretion was similar to controls, with evidence of increased 5α-reductase activity in STSD. Prepubertal healthy controls showed a marked increase in the serum DHEA to DHEAS ratio that was absent in postpubertal controls and in STSD patients of any pubertal stage. CONCLUSIONS: In STSD patients, an increased 5α-reductase activity appears to compensate for a reduced rate of androgen generation by enhancing peripheral androgen activation in affected patients. In healthy controls, we discovered a prepubertal surge in the serum DHEA to DHEAS ratio that was absent in STSD, indicative of physiologically up-regulated STS activity before puberty. This may represent a fine tuning mechanism for tissue-specific androgen activation preparing for the major changes in androgen production during puberty. FAU - Idkowiak, Jan
[Anthropometric parameters prognosticating a good final height in patients with Turner syndrome during growth hormone therapy].$$$ INTRODUCTION: Growth hormone treatment in Turner girls is a widely accepted method of their final height improvement. However some patients do not reach satisfactory final height. The aim of the study was to evaluate the anthropometric parameters which would be prognostic for final height in children with Turner syndrome treated with growth hormone. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Data of 18 girls with Turner syndrome who completed growth hormone therapy and reached a final height were analysed. Mean age was 11.32+/-3.04 years. Correlations of final height with following parameters were analysed: trunk to limbs ratio, lower limbs length (in SDS), growth velocity in the first years of GH therapy. From among other characteristics which could determine the final height the karyotype, age at the start of GH therapy were evaluated. RESULTS: The mean height gain in the group was 8.4 cm (range: 0.6-19.9 cm). Final height over 3rd percentile for the healthy population achieved 33.3% patients. Growth velocity in first 2 years of therapy correlated negatively with final height. Patients with final height over 3rd percentile had statistically significant greater mean height gain. Patients with low final height had a significantly greater deficit of leg length and increased Trunk/Leg Length index. Age at the beginning and duration of therapy had no influence on final height. CONCLUSIONS: Better final height reach the patients who have more advantageous Trunk/Leg Length index before and during therapy, and reduction of leg length deficiency is relatively greater than height deficiency reduction. FAU - Kucharska, Anna M
Calcium acquisition rates do not support age-appropriate gains in total body bone mineral content in prepuberty and late puberty in girls with cystic fibrosis.$$$ Few longitudinal data are available characterizing bone development in adolescents with cystic fibrosis (CF) although this is a critical time for bone mineralization. Dual energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) scans were obtained at 1- to 4-year intervals in 18 prepubertal and pubertal girls (age 7-18 years) with CF to determine calcium (Ca) accretion rates and changes (Delta) in total body bone mineral content (TBBMC) and lumbar spine bone mineral density (LS BMD) Z-scores. Daily Ca acquisition rates were calculated assuming TBBMC was composed of 32.2% Ca. Bone Ca accretion averaged 82 mg/day (2.05 mmol/day) [(range:-38 to +197 mg/day (-0.95 to 4.9 mmol/day)] on approximately 1,200 mg/day (30 mmol/day) Ca intakes. Estimated mean peak Ca accretion was 160 mg/day (4 mmol/day) at age 13 years; losses of bone Ca occurred in late puberty. Gains in insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) predicted Ca accretion (p<0.06). Body mass index (BMI) Z-score predicted LS BMD and TBBMC Z-score cross-sectionally but did not predict DeltaTBBMC Z-score. Changes in TBBMC Z-score paralleled Ca accretion rates with age. Bone Ca accretion in girls with CF fell below rates in healthy girls during prepuberty and late puberty despite Ca intakes approaching recommendations. IGF-1 and BMI Z-scores may identify children with CF at risk of compromised bone accretion, and more data are required to elucidate roles of lung function and glucocorticoid use in compromised bone health. FAU - Schulze, K J
The role of sex steroids in controlling pubertal growth.$$$ Longitudinal growth, which is primarily due to chondrocytic activity at the level of the epiphyseal growth plate, is influenced by many hormones and growth factors in an endocrine and paracrine manner. Their influence is even more complex during the accelerated growth period of puberty that accounts for about 20% of final adult height. Although abnormalities of growth during puberty are very common, the underlying mechanisms that govern the beginning and cessation of pubertal growth at the level of the growth plate are poorly understood. Sex steroids play a crucial role in pubertal growth both at the systemic level via the GH/IGF-1 axis and at the local level of the epiphyseal growth plate. In both sexes it is now accepted that oestrogen is the critical hormone in controlling growth plate acceleration and fusion. This paper reviews the mechanisms that influence pubertal growth and the problems that are associated with disorders of gonadal function. FAU - Perry, R J
Sympathetic neural activity, metabolic parameters and cardiorespiratory fitness in obese youths.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The main objective of this cross-sectional study is to assess the cardiac autonomic neural activity in the presence of abnormally increased body weight in youths and its relationship to metabolic risk factors and cardiorespiratory fitness (CRF). METHODS: Sixty-four overweight and obese patients, aged 9-17 years, of both sexes, stratified according to the international BMI cut-off, were enrolled. Continuous ECG was recorded during 15 min in resting conditions, and the heart rate variability (HRV) was measured in the time domain, frequency domain and for nonlinear dynamics. In addition, cardiometabolic risk factors and CRF in effort conditions were assessed. RESULTS: Among the overweight and obese youths, no significant differences were observed regarding metabolic parameters and heart rate, although CRF was the lowest in the severely obese youths. Likewise, no significant differences were observed in HRV, independent of how it was assessed. A positive and significant relationship, independent of the degree of obesity, pubertal stage and breathing rate under resting conditions, has been observed among sympathovagal balance, insulin and the homeostatic model assessment index. Furthermore, CRF assessed by volume oxygen peak was associated with insulin levels (r = -0.273; P < 0.05), the SD of the NN interval series (r = 0.268, P < 0.05) and the long-term variation using the Poincaré plot (PS1: r = 0.275, P < 0.05; PS2: r = 0.273, P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: The key findings of the present study were the presence of a link among fasting insulin, HRV and CRF independent of the degree of obesity, indicating the heterogeneity of obese children and adolescents. FAU - Redón, Pau
African American child-women: nutrition theory revisited.$$$ Past research indicates a significantly higher prevalence of early sexual maturation in African American (AA) girls, which is associated with a number of psychological and behavioral problems as well as with health problems such as childhood obesity and diabetes. Both nutrition and body image perceptions have never before been empirically investigated in the context of early puberty. The present study analyzed nutritional differences among AA girls who experience early sexual maturation with those who do not, as well as the dynamics of early sexual maturation, food consumption, and body image perceptions of AA girls. Participants were 45 AA girls ages 7-10 years, and guardians who were recruited from Boys and Girls Clubs in the southeastern part of the U.S. The Continuing Survey of Food Intakes by Individuals and Fallon and Rozin's (1985) Body Image Checklist was used to assess the food intake and body image perceptions of the young girls. Evidence of early sexual maturation was operationalized as the parental report of development of any secondary sexual characteristics (breasts, hips, pubic hair) in the young girl. A two-day food intake recall was conducted over a representative weekday period. Results revealed a significant difference between the calcium and fiber consumption of the AA girls who experienced early sexual maturation versus those who did not. Also, results indicated a relationship between parental characteristics, household shopping practices, and food consumption of the young girls. These findings are important and can be used to predict, prepare, and educate the AA population as well as establish appropriate support systems for these child-women. FAU - Talpade, Medha
Spontaneous fertility and pregnancy outcomes amongst 480 women with Turner syndrome.$$$ STUDY QUESTION: What are the prevalence and the outcomes of spontaneous pregnancies (SP) in a large cohort of French women with Turner syndrome (TS)? SUMMARY ANSWER: Amongst 480 women with TS, 27 women (5.6%) had a total of 52 SP, with 30 full-term deliveries for 18 women. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Primary ovarian insufficiency is a classic feature of TS. So far, few studies have evaluated the rate of SP in these patients. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: The French Ministry of Health set up a National Reference Centre for Rare Growth Disorders (CRMERC), including TS. We studied a cohort of adult TS patients from seven endocrine units (Saint-Antoine, Pitié-Salpêtrière, Bicêtre, Lyon, Marseille, Brest, Reims Hospitals) belonging to this centre, between January 1999 and January 2014. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: A total of 480 adult patients with TS were included. The patients' clinical characteristics, karyotypes and reproductive histories had been collected, after informed consent, in a web database called CEMARA. Our reference population was issued from a database belonging to the French Health Ministry, collecting pregnancy outcomes in the French general population. In order to find predictive characteristics of SP, TS with spontaneous pregnancies were compared with non-pregnant TS patients from our cohort. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: There were 27 patients (5.6%) who had a total of 52 SP. The two predictive factors which correlated with occurrence of a SP were spontaneous menarche and mosaic karyotype. The median delay to conception was 6 months (range 0-84). Miscarriage occurred in 16 pregnancies, 30.8% versus 15% in the general French population (P < 0.01). The remaining pregnancy outcomes were legal abortion (n = 2), medical interruption (n = 3), intrauterine fetal death (n = 1) and delivery at term (n = 30). Caesarean section rates were higher than in the general population, respectively 46.7% versus 21% (P < 0.001). Pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorders (PHDs) occurred in four cases (13.3%), including two cases of mild pre-eclampsia (6.7%). Neither aortic root dilatation nor aortic dissection were observed. The median birthweight was 3030 g (range 2020-3460). Two cases of TS were identified in the 17 daughters issued from this cohort. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: It would have been interesting to evaluate AMH levels and SP occurrence, as a predictive factor. Unfortunately, hormonal measurements were missing for some patients. Prospective studies are necessary to display prognostic values of AMH for SP and thus better target fertility preservation programmes in TS patients. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: This study suggests that pregnancy outcomes in SPs are more favourable than those after oocyte donation in TS patients. However, the risk of fetal chromosomal abnormalities remains high. Our study will be useful in order to give patients with TS, their families, paediatricians and physicians involved in reproduction, better counselling concerning their fertility. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTERESTS: Funding was provided by the Association pour la recherche Claude Bernard, Paris France All authors claim no competing interests. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NA.
Studies on the potential mediators of skeletal changes occurring during puberty in girls.$$$ In this study we evaluated the role of cytokines and insulin-like growth factor (IGF) system in mediating the skeletal changes that occur during puberty by determining the relationship between serum levels of cytokines and IGF system components vs. 1) bone formation and resorption parameters in serum and urine, 2) bone density, and 3) metacarpal bone indexes in 65 pubertal girls. Lumbar bone mineral density and metacarpal width increased significantly both between Tanner stages (TS) II and III and between TS III and IV, whereas metacarpal length and serum levels of stimulatory IGF system components increased significantly only between TS II and III. Biochemical markers of bone turnover were significantly less in TS IV girls than in TS II and III girls. In general, serum levels of IGF system components showed a significant positive correlation to bone density in TS II and III girls, whereas bone resorption markers corrected for creatinine showed a significant negative correlation to bone density in TS III and IV girls. Serum levels of IGF system components showed a significant positive correlation to serum osteocalcin levels as well as metacarpal width in TS II girls, whereas urinary levels of bone resorption markers showed a significant negative correlation to metacarpal width in TS IV girls. Serum levels of interleukin-6 were decreased during late puberty and were negatively correlated with bone density in TS III and IV girls. Our data are consistent with a model in which the sex steroid hormone-induced increase in the IGF system leads to an increase in longitudinal growth and periosteal bone expansion, whereas the sex steroid hormone-induced reduction in bone turnover (possibly via cytokines) leads to an increase in cortical thickness via endosteal regulation. FAU - Libanati, C
Male hypogonadism at a tertiary care hospital in Karachi, Pakistan.$$$ BACKGROUND: Male hypogonadism is defined as 'inadequate gonadal function, manifested by deficiency in gametogenesis and/or secretion of gonadal hormones'. Signs and symptoms of hypogonadism depend primarily on the age of onset. It can be classified according to the site primarily involved: the gonads, the hypothalamus, or the pituitary gland. The objective this study was to determine the presentation and aetiology of male hypogonadism seen in a tertiary care hospital. METHODS: This cross-sectional study was conducted at Endocrine Clinics, Aga Khan University Hospital Karachi. Data of male patients with hypogonadism who attended clinics during January 2009 to August 2011 were reviewed. All male patients with clinical and biochemical evidence of hypogonadism were included in the study. Patients with Diabetes Mellitus, Metabolic Syndrome, Andropause, AIDS, Chronic Renal Failure, and Cirrhosis were excluded. Mean +/- SD were computed for quantitative variables. Frequency and percentages were computed for qualitative variables. Aetiology of male hypogonadism was categorised as primary and secondary hypogonadism. RESULTS: A total of 85 patients with male hypogonadism attended the endocrine clinic. Mean age of patients was 25 +/- 10 years. Clinical presentations were small genitalia (65%), absent secondary sexual characteristics (53%), not attained puberty (47%), infertility (53%), erectile dysfunction (41%) and loss of libido (29%). Seventy-three (86%) patients had hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism (secondary hypogonadism) and 12 (14%) patients had hypergonadotrophic hypogonadism (primary hypogonadism). Among the patients with hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism 38 had idiopathic hypogonadotrophic hypogonadsim, 7 had pituitary adenoma, 6 had empty sella syndrome, 3 had Kallman's syndrome, and 1 patient had haemosiderosis due to thalassaemia major; 18 patients did not undergo brain imaging. CONCLUSION: Small genitalia, absent secondary sexual characteristics and infertility were the main presenting features of hypogonad men. Majority of patients had hypogonadotrophic hypogonadsim. FAU - Ram, Nanik
Impact of obstructive sleep apnoea on insulin resistance in nonobese and obese children.$$$ Obstructive sleep apnoea (OSA) has been inconsistently associated with insulin resistance and adverse metabolic states. We aimed to assess independent contributions of OSA to insulin resistance and dyslipidaemia in a large paediatric cohort.Habitually snoring children underwent overnight polysomnography, anthropometric measurements and fasting laboratory evaluations. Primary outcome measures included insulin, glucose, homeostasis model of insulin resistance, lipoproteins and sleep disturbance measures.Among 459 children aged 5-12 years, obesity was the primary driver of most associations between OSA and metabolic measures, but sleep duration was inversely associated with glucose levels, with N3 and rapid eye movement (REM) sleep being negatively associated and sleep fragmentation positively associated with insulin resistance measures. In children with mild OSA, the presence of obesity increased the odds for insulin resistance, while higher apnoea/hypopnoea index values emerged among obese children who were more insulin-resistant.The exclusive presence of interactions between OSA and obesity in the degree of insulin resistance is coupled with synergistic contributions by sleep fragmentation to insulin resistance in the context of obesity. Insufficient N3 or REM sleep may also contribute to higher glycaemia independently of obesity. Studies are needed to better delineate the roles of puberty and sleep fragmentation in insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome.
Skeletal dysplasias: response to growth hormone therapy.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study was conducted to determine the response of children with skeletal dysplasia and short stature to growth hormone therapy and whether such therapy is appropriate in skeletal dysplasia. METHODOLOGY: A retrospective analysis of the Australia-wide group of children with skeletal dysplasia registered on the Ozgrow database, using growth data at commencement and at 12 monthly intervals. Eighteen females and 35 males received growth hormone (GH) therapy for at least 12 months. Patients were aged 10.3 +/- 3.3 (mean +/- s.d.) years and had severe short stature with height standard deviation score (SDS) of -3.5 +/- 1.0 (mean +/- s.d.). RESULTS: Hypochondroplasia (N = 7), metaphyseal dysplasia (N = 5) and dyschondrosteosis (N = 5) were the most frequently represented specific skeletal dysplasia subgroups. These groups and the remaining heterogeneous group did not differ significantly at baseline or subsequent growth response. Duration of GH therapy was mean (range) 36 mo (12-60 mo). Sex, age or degree of short stature did not correlate with response to GH therapy. delta height SDS was 0.3 (mean) after 12 months of GH therapy, which corresponded to an increase in mean growth velocity from 4.3 cm/yr to 6.9 cm/yr. Mean GV declined after the first year, and by 36 months was only 1.1 cm/year above baseline, while delta height SDS was 0.8 CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that growth hormone therapy is not generally effective for treatment of short stature in skeletal dysplasia. FAU - Burren, C P
Metabolic Syndrome in Children and Adolescents Living with HIV.$$$ BACKGROUND: Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is considered an independent risk factor for developing cardiovascular disease. It is well known that the prevalence of metabolic disorders have increased in pediatric HIV-infected children. The objective of this study is to assess the prevalence and characteristics of MetS in HIV-infected children and adolescents in Spain. METHODS: A cross-sectional multicenter study in 152 patients from the pediatric cohort of the Spanish AIDS Research Network (CoRISpe) was performed. MetS was defined according to the new International Diabetes Federation (IDF) diagnostic criteria and the modified National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III (NCEP-ATP III) criteria. Measurements included anthropometry, waist circumference, blood pressure, fasting lipids, glucose and insulin and lipodystrophy assessment. Demographic, clinical, immunological, virological and antiretroviral therapy data were obtained from the Network database. RESULTS: An abnormally low high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol level was the most prevalent disturbance (21.05%) found. Three patients met IDF criteria for MetS (1.97%), and MetS was significantly associated with lipohypertrophy (P=0.029) in the analysis. When the modified NCEP-ATP III criteria were used, the prevalence of MetS was 5.92% (9 patients), and MetS was significantly associated with Tanner stage ≥2 (P=0.041), lipohypertrophy (P=0.001) and higher Z scores for weight and body mass index (P=0.002 and P<0.001). Insulin resistance was observed in 17 patients (11.18%) and was associated with MetS (as per the modified NCEP-ATP III criteria) (P=0.03) and lower high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol values (P=0.036). CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of MetS in our cohort was 1.97% or 5.92%, depending on the diagnostic criteria used. MetS should be actively assessed, particularly in children who show lipohypertrophy. FAU - Espiau, María
Added sugars in the diet are positively associated with diastolic blood pressure and triglycerides in children.$$$ BACKGROUND: Hypertension and dyslipidemia have traditionally been associated with dietary sodium and fat intakes, respectively; however, they have recently been associated with the consumption of added sugars in adults and older adolescents, but there is no clear indication of how early in the life span this association manifests. OBJECTIVE: This study explored the cross-sectional association between added sugar (sugars not naturally occurring in foods) consumption in children, blood pressure (BP), and fasting blood lipids [triglycerides and total, low-density lipoprotein, and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol]. DESIGN: BP, blood lipids, and dietary intakes were obtained in a multiethnic pediatric sample aged 7-12 y of 122 European American (EA), 106 African American (AA), 84 Hispanic American (HA), and 8 mixed-race children participating in the Admixture Mapping of Ethnic and Racial Insulin Complex Outcomes (AMERICO) study-a cross-sectional study conducted in the Birmingham, AL, metro area investigating the effects of racial-ethnic differences on metabolic and health outcomes. Multiple regression analyses were performed to evaluate the relations of added sugars and sodium intakes with BP and of added sugars and dietary fat intakes with blood lipids. Models were controlled for sex, race-ethnicity, socioeconomic status, Tanner pubertal status, percentage body fat, physical activity, and total energy intake. RESULTS: Added sugars were positively associated with diastolic BP (P = 0.0462, β = 0.0206) and serum triglycerides (P = 0.0206, β = 0.1090). Sodium was not significantly associated with either measure of BP nor was dietary fat with blood lipids. HA children had higher triglycerides but lower added sugar consumption than did either the AA or EA children. The AA participants had higher BP and HDL but lower triglycerides than did either the EA or HA children. CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that increased consumption of added sugars may be associated with adverse cardiovascular health factors in children, specifically elevated diastolic BP and triglycerides. Identification of dietary factors influencing cardiovascular health during childhood could serve as a tool to reduce cardiovascular disease risk. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00726778.
Modulation of circulating IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels by hormonal regulators of energy homeostasis in obese children.$$$ Growth hormone (GH) and insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) are key factors in the control of somatic growth. Recent work revealed a critical role for the transcription factor STAT5b in GH stimulated IGF-I gene expression. In obesity, the normal regulation of the GH/IGF-I axis is disturbed, with normal levels of circulating IGF-I despite blunted GH secretion. We hypothesized that leptin or other hormonal regulators of energy homeostasis, which can activate Stat5b-regulated gene expression or exert an effect on GH secretion, might be able to substitute for GH in terms of IGF-I synthesis. Thus, the aim of this study was to identify potential regulators of IGF-I serum levels in obesity with a particular focus on the interaction of leptin and IGF-I. In a cross-sectional study, we measured hormonal and auxiological parameters in 99 obese children who were referred to our obesity outpatient clinic and analysed correlations between unadjusted hormone levels and between hormone concentrations expressed as SDS values, adjusted for sex, age, and/or puberty and BMI. Serum concentrations of IGF-I correlated highly significant with IGFBP-3, leptin, fasting ghrelin and insulin (p<0.001). However, when expressing hormone levels as SDS values, only leptin SDS and IGFBP-3 SDS correlated significantly with IGF-I SDS (p<0.01). This correlation between leptin SDS and IGF-I SDS was more pronounced in prepubertal and in male subjects, with increasing IGF-I SDS values paralleling an increase in leptin SDS tertiles in prepubertal subjects. In linear regression analyses, leptin SDS, IGFBP-3 SDS and BMI SDS contributed significantly to the variation of IGF-I SDS values, and explained 53.3% of the variability of IGF-I SDS levels in male subjects. SUMMARY AND CONCLUSIONS: In summary, we demonstrated a strong correlation of age and sex-adjusted standard deviation scores (SDS) for IGF-I and leptin in obese children, which is modulated by sex, pubertal stage and body weight. Whether this association results from a direct induction of hepatic IGF-I gene expression by leptin or reflects a more complex interrelationship between IGF-I and obesity-related factors should be subject of future research. FAU - Woelfle, J F
Clustering of metabolic syndrome risk factors associated with lifestyle factors and serum leptin in Korean children.$$$ The present study investigated the relationships among metabolic risk factors, major lifestyle factors, and serum cytokines in a sample of Korean children. In a cross-sectional design, we studied a total of 275 children (130 boys and 145 girls) aged 12-13 years. Measured variables included anthropometrics, blood pressures (BP), VO2max, physical activity (PA), dietary intakes, lipids, glucose, and insulin. We explored the extent to which dietary intakes, VO2max, PA, and serum cytokines explained variance in a clustered risk score, which is a sum of Z scores for waist circumference, BP, TG, HDLC, and HOMA-IR, using a stepwise linear regression by blocks. VO2max, vigorous PA (VPA), and leptin were independent predictors for the clustered risk score while adjusting for age and Tanner stage. Our findings suggest that the clustered risk score is associated not only with low levels of VO2max and VPA, but also with elevated serum leptin in Korean children. FAU - Hong, Hye-Ryun
Black-white differences in serum lipoproteins during sexual maturation: the Bogalusa Heart Study.$$$ Serum lipid, lipoprotein cholesterol, and apolipoprotein (A-I and B) levels were compared between 940 black and 1710 white children who were between the ages of 5 and 17 years. Stratification, matching, and analysis of covariance were used to determine whether black-white differences in levels of serum triglycerides (TG), very low- (VLDL-C), and high- (HDL-C) density lipoprotein cholesterol, and apolipoprotein A-I (apoA-I) could be explained by differences in sexual maturation, obesity, cigarette smoking, alcohol intake, oral contraceptive use, insulin, and glucose. Independently of these covariates, blacks had elevated levels of HDL-C and apoA-I (males only), and whites had increased levels of TG and VLDL-C. All differences were statistically significant at the 0.001 level. In addition, racial contrasts tended to be greater in sexually mature, as compared with prepubertal, males; a similar divergence of levels with sexual maturation was not observed in females. HDL-C levels in white males were partially explained (R2 = 0.12) by sexual maturation, insulin, and obesity; apoA-I levels were associated with only sexual maturation and insulin. Racial differences in levels of serum lipids, lipoprotein cholesterol, and apoA-I in early life, therefore, exist independently of differences in several lipoprotein determinants. Since the initial stages of atherosclerosis begin in the young, these black-white lipoprotein contrasts may influence differences in adult coronary heart disease rates between the races. FAU - Freedman, D S
Role of basal and provocative serum prolactin in differentiating idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism and constitutional delayed puberty--a diagnostic dilemma.$$$ BACKGROUND: The prevalence of Idiopathic Hypogonadotropic Hypogonadism (IHH) is approximately 1 in 10,000 men. Objectives of this study were to evaluate the role of basal and stimulated serum prolactin in differentiating Constitutional Delayed Puberty (CDP) from IHH. METHODS: This cross-sectional study was carried out at the Department of Diabetes and Endocrinology, Military Hospital, Rawalpindi. A total of 20 male patients presenting with provisional diagnosis of IHH/CDP were enrolled in the study. Patients with known diseases were excluded from the study. Baseline FSH, LH, testosterone, and prolactin were estimated and the patients were subjected to provocative prolactin stimulation by Thyrotropin releasing hormone stimulation (TRH) test and chlorpromazine challenge. At each 6 monthly follow-up visit for 4 years, the patients were evaluated for adrenarche, pubarche and other secondary sexual characters. Tanner scale was taken as standards for comparing stage of puberty at a particular age. No treatment was given to both groups for 2 years. At the end of 2 years IHH patients with failed puberty or progression of puberty and CDP who lagged behind by more than 2 years by Tanner scale or 4 years per bone age with compelling psychosocial or psychosexual reasons at school or at home were given short courses of 50 mg injection testosterone in an attempt to expedite the onset or progression of puberty. Patients from either group with failed puberty after low dose testosterone were managed with high dose testosterone therapy to induce secondary sexual characters. RESULTS: Twenty patients enrolled in the study were provisionally divided into 2 groups called IHH (n = 9), and CDP (n = 11) based on high basal and provocative serum prolactin levels in CDP group. Two patients from CDP group were lost in the follow-up leaving 9 patients in each group. A total of 10 (56%) patients, 3 (17%) from IHH group and 7 (39%) from CDP group achieved grade 4 puberty without any treatment. Remaining 8 (44%) patients, 6 (67%) from IHH group and 2 (22%) from CDP group were induced secondary sexual characters with full dose of 100 mg testosterone given parenterally at 4 weeks intervals. CONCLUSION: Differentiation between IHH and CDP on the basis of basal and post-TRH and Chorpromazine challenge reported earlier could not be substantiated by our study. FAU - Ali, Liaqat
Anthropometric predictors of visceral adiposity in normal-weight and obese adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: Obesity and fat distribution patterns [subcutaneous vs. visceral adipose tissue (VAT)] are important predictors of future cardiometabolic risk. As accurate VAT measurement entails imaging, surrogate anthropometric measurements that would be cheaper and quicker to obtain would be highly desirable. Sagittal abdominal diameter (SAD) may be better than other VAT surrogate measures in adults, but the value of SAD to predict magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)-determined VAT in adolescents of different races, sexes, and pubertal stages has not been determined. AIM: To test the hypothesis that SAD correlates more strongly with volumetric VAT than other anthropometric measurements, independent of age, sex, race, and Tanner stage. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Twenty-eight normal-weight and 44 obese adolescents underwent Tanner staging, anthropometric examinations, and abdominal MRI for volumetric partitioned fat calculation. RESULTS: VAT increased exponentially in the body mass index (BMI) > 97th percentile range. SAD, waist circumference (WC), BMI, and BMI Z-score correlated strongly with VAT (correlation coefficients of 0.85-0.86, all p-values < 0.0005); waist-hip ratio was less predictive of VAT (r = 0.68, p < 0.0005). On hierarchical regression, the strongest predictors of VAT in obese subjects were BMI Z-score and SAD (R(2)  = 0.34 vs. 0.31, respectively, p < 0.0005); in normal-weight subjects, most anthropometric measures predicted VAT equally (R(2)  = 0.16-0.18, p-values = 0.018-0.026). CONCLUSIONS: Unlike adults, in obese adolescents, SAD is not the strongest predictor of visceral adiposity. BMI Z-score is equivalently predictive and, together with BMI, provides sufficient information to assess visceral adiposity; more specialized anthropometric measurements (e.g., SAD and WC) do not add additional predictive value.
Factors influencing waist/hip ratio in randomly selected pre- and post-menopausal women in the dom-project (preliminary results).$$$ In 452 pre- and post-menopausal women aged 41-75, participating in a breast cancer screening programme, we studied the associations between several factors and waist/hip ratio. Differences in waist/hip ratio between pre- and post-menopausal women could be accounted for by age and degree of obesity. In post-menopausal women, waist/hip ratio was positively related to age, independently of the degree of obesity. Post-menopausal women who reported to use oestrogens for menopausal complaints were found to have lower waist/hip values compared to non-users (0.74 vs 0.78 P less than 0.05). Waist/hip ratio was not related to age at menopause, age at menarche or parity. We confirmed that the Quetelet's index is positively related to waist/hip ratio and that, at least before menopause, smokers have higher waist/hip values compared to non-smokers although the mechanisms for such an association remain obscure. Hypertension was associated with abdominal fat distribution in premenopausal but not in post-menopausal women. Diabetes mellitus was associated with abdominal fat distribution in post-menopausal women. These observations in this cross-sectional study suggest that environmental factors (smoking and oestrogen use after menopause) relate to the distribution of fat over the body. The other observations illustrate the importance of stratifying for menopausal status in studies on fat distribution in women. FAU - Tonkelaar, I D
Thyroid dysfunction and hepatic steatosis in overweight children and adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: Overt or subclinical hypothyroidism is a common finding in adult populations affected by non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Currently, there are only sparse data available on the association of thyroid dysfunction and NAFLD in obese children and adolescents. OBJECTIVE: The study aims to investigate the association of thyroid function test values with NAFLD and metabolic risk factors in a population of obese children and adolescents. METHODS: A total of 332 overweight and obese children and adolescents (170 girls) aged between 10 and 19 years were analysed. Subjects underwent ultrasound examination of the liver. Thyroid function was evaluated by laboratory determination of thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), total triiodothyronine (T3) and total thyroxine levels. All included subjects were either euthyroid or had subclinical hypothyroidism (TSH > 4 μU mL(-1) , normal thyroxine). Further metabolic profiling included the determination of lipid status, insulin and liver function tests. Anthropometric parameters body mass index, waist and hip circumference were documented. RESULTS: The prevalence of hepatic steatosis was 29.8%. Subjects with NAFLD had significantly higher TSH levels than those without (p = 0.0007). After dividing TSH values into quartiles, both univariate and multivariate analyses (adjusted for age, body mass index-standard deviation scores and stage of puberty) showed a significant association with hepatic steatosis (p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Taking possible variables into consideration, our results show that there is a significant association between hepatic steatosis and the TSH levels in obese children and adolescents. Mild thyroid dysfunction may therefore have a role in determining an unfavourable metabolic profile in obese children and adolescents.
Longitudinal preventive-screening cutoffs for metabolic syndrome in adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To detect metabolic risk factor cutoff points in adolescence for the diagnosis of metabolic syndrome that develops at the age of 17 years (MS17). DESIGN: This study adopted a 6-year design incorporating four data collection time points (TPs). Volunteers were assessed prospectively at the ages of 12, 13, 14 and 17. PARTICIPANTS: A total of 210, 204, 198 and 187 schoolchildren volunteered at the first (TP(1)=12 years old), second (TP2=13 years old), third (TP3=14 years old) and fourth (TP4=17 years old) data collection TP, respectively. MEASUREMENTS: At each data collection TP, anthropometrical, biological and lifestyle data were obtained. Identical protocols were used for each assessment conducted by the same trained investigators. RESULTS: A total of 12% of the participants were diagnosed with MS17, the majority of them being boys (P<0.05). The prevalence of the syndrome increased directly with the degree of obesity. Using body mass index (BMI), adiposity and/or aerobic fitness levels in both genders, MS17 could be correctly diagnosed as early as TP1. No such cutoff points were found for high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, blood pressure and fasting plasma glucose levels. CONCLUSION: With respect to the data presented, it has been established that the calculated longitudinal preventive-screening cutoffs allow successful diagnosis of metabolic syndrome in adolescents using BMI, adiposity or aerobic fitness levels in both sexes. Adoption of such pediatric guidelines may help mitigate future increase in the prevalence of metabolic syndrome. FAU - Flouris, A D
Relation between insulin-like growth factor-I, body mass index, and clinical status in cystic fibrosis.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Despite improved nutrition and intensive treatment, subjects with cystic fibrosis have difficulty in maintaining anabolism during intercurrent infections, which can result in reduced body mass index and impaired skeletal growth. Insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and its binding protein IGFBP3 are sensitive to changes in nutritional status. The aim of this study was to determine the relation between circulating concentrations of these peptides, body mass index, and clinical status in cystic fibrosis. METHODS: Serum concentrations of IGF-I and IGFBP3 were measured in 197 subjects (108 males, 89 females; mean age 9.69 years, range 0.41-17.9 years) and these data were analysed with respect to body mass index, pubertal stage, and clinical status as assessed by Shwachman score and forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1). RESULTS: The mean height SD score of the children studied was -0.2 (SD 1.14) and the body mass index SD score -0.26 (1.4). The body mass index SD score declined with increasing age (r = -0.18) and paralleled changes in IGF-I concentrations, which also declined. The IGF-I SD score (calculated from control data) correlated with age (r = -0.53). The abnormalities were most obvious during late puberty, when IGF-I and IGFBP3 concentrations were significantly reduced compared with those in control subjects matched for pubertal stage. The IGF-I SD score correlated with height SD score (r = 0.14) and the decline in IGF-I concentrations with the fall in body mass index SD score (r = 0.42). IGF-I SD scores also correlated with the Shwachman score (r = 0.33) and FEV1 (r = 0.17). CONCLUSIONS: The close relation between declining IGF-I and IGFBP3 concentrations and body mass index in patients with cystic fibrosis may simply reflect poor nutritional status and insulin hyposecretion. Nevertheless, IGF-I deficiency could also contribute towards the catabolism observed in these patients, and IGF-I SD scores correlated with other measures of clinical status such as the Shwachman score and FEV1. FAU - Taylor, A M
Low vitamin D is associated with hypertension in paediatric obesity.$$$ AIM: The aim of this paper was to investigate the relationship between circulating 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) and cardio-metabolic risk factors in a large cohort of obese youth attending tertiary paediatric obesity services. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cross-sectional study. Data were retrospectively collected from all new consultations of children and adolescents attending obesity outpatient clinics between 2008 and 2011 at the two major paediatric hospitals in Melbourne, Australia. Information collected included demographics, anthropometry, blood pressure, pubertal staging, body composition and fasting serum levels of 25(OH)D, glucose, insulin, cholesterol, triglyceride, high-density lipoprotein, liver function, calcium and phosphate. RESULTS: 25(OH)D data were available in 229 patients (age 3-18 years; 116 men; mean (standard deviation) body mass index ( BMI) Z-score 2.5 (0.5) ). One hundred four (45%) participants were 25(OH)D deficient (<50 nmol/L). Lower serum 25(OH)D levels were associated with higher BMI Z-score (P-trend = 0.001), total fat mass (P-trend = 0.009), systolic (P-trend = 0.03) and diastolic blood pressures(P-trend = 0.009). In multivariable-adjusted regression analysis, 25(OH)D was significantly lower in those with elevated blood pressure after adjustment for BMI(P-trend = 0.004) or total fat mass (P-trend = 0.01). CONCLUSION: Overweight and obese youth attending specialist obesity services have a high prevalence of vitamin D deficiency. In this population, lower levels of vitamin D were seen in those with greater adiposity, and independent of this, in those who had higher blood pressure.
The insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) generation test as an indicator of growth hormone status.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study was to evaluate the IGF-I generation test (IGF-I gen) as a possible indirect test of Growth Hormone (GH) secretory status. METHODS: Sixty-five GH deficient (GHD 1 and 2) and 86 control children were studied. Children in the GHD-1 subgroup (n=33) had low GH values (<10 microg/L) after clonidine and levo-dopa while those in the GHD-2 subgroup (n=32) had normal GH values after pharmacologic provocation but low 24-hour GH secretory rates compared to 187 Normal Statured (NS) children. Of the 86 controls, who underwent IGF-I gen,50 were NS and 36 Short-Statured (SS). Serum IGF-I was measured prior to and daily during hGH administration (hGH 0.033 mg/kg/dayx4 days). RESULTS: The prepubertal and pubertal GHD-1 and GHD-2 children had low baseline IGF-I values but their peak IGF-I values during the IGF-I gen reached those of the controls. The percent increase of IGF-I during the test was greater in the GHD groups than in the controls; in the prepubertal groups: 516+/-58% in the GHD-1, 433+/-50% in the GHD-2, 106+/-12% in the NS, and 102+/-18% in the SS (p=0.001); in the pubertal groups: 191+/-28% in the GHD-1, 141+/-20% in the GHD-2, 48+/-8% in the NS, and 61+/-17% in the SS (p=0.003). CONCLUSIONS: The IGF-I response during the IGF-I gen seems to reflect the GH status in children. FAU - Spiliotis, Bessie E
Bone maturation along the spectrum from normal weight to obesity: a complex interplay of sex, growth factors and weight gain.$$$ BACKGROUND: The aim of the study was to define the prevalence and degree of advanced bone age (ABA) in normal vs. excessive weight children, and identify variables affecting ABA. METHODS: We studied 167 children (3-18 years) with normal weight (28 F, 28 M), overweight (8 F, 12 M), and obesity (OB) (63 F, 28 M) at AI duPont Hospital for Children. We assessed bone age (BA), insulin, leptin, estradiol (E2), DHEAS, and IGF-1 levels. RESULTS: Almost 25% of OB children have ABA>2 SDS, 33% >2 years (range 2-6.5 years advanced). ABA correlated with leptin, DHEAS and BMI z-score in girls, and with IGF-1 z-score and BMI z-score in boys (p<0.01). Girls with ABA had higher BMI z-score (p<0.001), insulin levels (p=0.02), and rates of weight gain (p=0.03). Boys with ABA had greater BMI z-score (p<0.001), but rate of weight gain did not differ. The greatest degree of ABA was found combining variables by tertiles. The top tertile of BA/CA had the highest insulin and IGF-1 z-scores. The top combined tertiles of DHEAS and BMI z-score or DHEAS and leptin in girls had the highest BA/CA. In boys, the top tertiles of BMI z-score and IGF-1 z-score produced the highest BA/CA. The lowest combined tertiles of any variables related to the lowest BA/CA. CONCLUSIONS: Multiple factors influence skeletal maturation. Almost 25% of children with OB have ABA, associated with BMI z-score, and one or more of the following: insulin, leptin, DHEAS, IGF-1, and rate of weight gain. This report delineates the prevalence and degree of ABA by sex, in children with normal versus excessive weight. FAU - Klein, Karen Oerter
Sex hormones, insulin resistance and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in children.$$$ Cardiovascular risk starts early in life; therefore, it is of interest to clarify the relation between puberty, sex hormones, insulin resistance and lipid levels in children. This is a cross sectional study of 365 school students (8-18 years of age). We analyzed the associations of sex hormones (testosterone, free androgen index, estradiol, free estradiol index) and sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) with insulin resistance and lipid levels. Analyses were performed in prepubertal versus adolescent girls and boys. Among prepubertal boys, estradiol was significantly associated with increased log homeostasis model assessment-estimated insulin resistance (HOMA-IR; B = 0.9, model R(2) = 0.62, p < 0.001) and insulin levels (B = 0.8, model R(2) = 0.58, p < 0.001). Testosterone was associated with increased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels among prepubertal boys (B = 10, model R(2) = 0.42, p = 0.04). Among adolescent girls, SHBG was significantly associated with decreased HOMA-IR (B = -0.8, model R(2) = 0.34, p = 0.01) and insulin levels (B = -0.7, model R(2) = 0.34, p = 0.01). SHBG was also related to increased HDL-C levels among prepubertal (B = 24, model R(2) = 0.42, p = 0.047) and adolescent girls (B = 21, model R(2) = 0.44, p = 0.002). In conclusion, sex hormone levels and SHBG have important effects on HDL-C and insulin resistance among children and adolescents.
Ghrelin concentrations in healthy children and adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVE: In addition to its regulation by GH releasing hormone (GHRH) and somatostatin, release of GH from the pituitary is modulated by a third factor, ghrelin, which is expressed in high concentration in the stomach and is present in the circulation. Ghrelin has also been shown to cause weight gain by increasing food intake and decreasing fat utilization. Ghrelin is a potential candidate hormone to influence nutrient intake and growth. Its role through normal childhood and adolescence has not been fully defined. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study in 121 healthy children (65 male, 56 female) aged 5-18 years, in whom height, weight, body mass index (BMI), pubertal status and measurements of IGF-I, IGFBP-3, IGFBP-1 and leptin were available. METHODS: Serum ghrelin concentrations have been measured in radioimmunoassay (RIA; Phoenix, AZ, USA) that detects active and inactive human ghrelin. Relationships between ghrelin and anthropometric data and growth factors were assessed by correlation and regression analyses. RESULTS: Ghrelin was detected in all samples, with a median concentration of 162 pg/ml, range 60-493 pg/ml. Prepubertal children had higher ghrelin concentrations than those in puberty [218 pg/ml (n = 42) and 157 pg/ml (n = 79), P < 0.001], with significant negative correlations between ghrelin and age (rs = -0.39, P < 0.001) and pubertal stage (rs = -0.42, P < 0.001). The decrease in ghrelin with advancing pubertal stage/age was more marked in boys than girls. In the whole group, ghrelin was negatively correlated to BMI SD (rs = -0.24, P = 0.006) and to weight SD (rs = -0.24, P = 0.008) but not height sds. Ghrelin was also negatively correlated to IGF-I (rs = -0.48, P < 0.001), IGFBP-3 (rs = -0.32, P < 0.001) and leptin (rs = -0.22, P = 0.02) but not IGF-II. It was positively related to IGFBP-1 (rs = +0.46, P < 0.001). In stepwise multiple regression, 30% of the variability in ghrelin through childhood could be accounted for by log IGF-I (24%) and log IGFBP-1 (6%). CONCLUSIONS: The fall in ghrelin over childhood and with puberty does not suggest that it is a direct growth-promoting hormone. However in view of the negative relationship with IGF-I and the positive relationship with IGFBP-1, this fall in ghrelin could facilitate growth acceleration over puberty. FAU - Whatmore, A J
CYP19A1 promoter methylation in saliva associated with milestones of pubertal timing in urban girls.$$$ BACKGROUND: Childhood obesity and early puberty are intermediate risk factors for later metabolic and reproductive disorders including diabetes, polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), and breast cancer. Atypical methylation patterns in genes related to hormone and adipose metabolism, such as CYP19A1 (aromatase) and PPARG (peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma), are associated with alterations in gene expression which may contribute to pathogenesis of these diseases. If present in early life, it is conceivable similar methylation aberrations may result in hormone perturbations that alter pubertal timing. METHODS: We used Cox proportional hazard models to investigate whether promoter methylation of CYP19A1 and PPARG, independently or in concert with body weight, was associated with age at breast (B2) or pubic hair development (PH2) when assayed in saliva DNA collected from a cohort of New York City, Black and Hispanic girls (N = 130) enrolled in a study of pubertal timing between 6-8 years of age. RESULTS: An inverse association between CYP19A1 methylation and risk of early PH2 was suggested (HR = 0.95, 95% CI = 0.90-1.00, p = 0.05). CYP19A1 methylation also appeared to modify risk of early B2 associated with body weight. Specifically, compared to normal weight girls with 'high' CYP19A1 methylation, significantly increased risk of early B2 was observed in overweight girls with 'low' but not 'high' CYP19A1 methylation (HR = 2.15; 95% CI = 1.23- 3.76). However, in formal tests for effect modification, the interaction between body weight and methylation did not reach statistical significance (p for interaction = 0.085). PPARG methylation was not significantly associated with PH2 or B2. CONCLUSIONS: Though limited by sample size, our findings suggest methylation of CYP19A1, a critical gene in estrogen biosynthesis, may influence timing of breast development in overweight girls. Consistent with emerging reports, these data support the notion that epigenetic marks in surrogate tissues may improve risk prediction when added to standard plasma and anthropometric indicators, and warrant further study. FAU - Stueve, Theresa Ryan
The association of obesity and hyperandrogenemia during the pubertal transition in girls: obesity as a potential factor in the genesis of postpubertal hyperandrogenism.$$$ CONTEXT: Adolescent hyperandrogenemia is considered a forerunner of adult polycystic ovary syndrome, but its etiology remains uncertain. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to explore the hypothesis that peripubertal obesity is associated with hyperandrogenemia. DESIGN AND SETTING: We performed a cross-sectional analysis of data obtained at General Clinical Research Centers. SUBJECTS: Subjects were 41 obese [body mass index (BMI) for age, >or=95%] and 35 normal-weight (BMI for age, <95%) peripubertal girls. INTERVENTION: We used pooled blood samples (approximately 0500-0700 h; n = 64) while fasting or single morning (fasting) samples (n = 12). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: We assessed adiposity and androgen concentrations. RESULTS: BMI correlated with total testosterone (T) (r(s) = 0.59), SHBG (r(s) = -0.69), and free T (r(s) = 0.69); free T was three times as great in obese girls compared with normal-weight girls (P < 0.0001 for all). BMI correlated with insulin (r(s) = 0.52); both insulin and LH correlated with free T (r(s) = 0.45 and 0.44, respectively; P < 0.001 for all). When analyzing early pubertal girls (pubertal stages 1-3; n = 36) alone, BMI correlated with total T (r(s) = 0.65), SHBG (r(s) = -0.74), and free T (r(s) = 0.75); free T was five times as great in obese early-pubertal girls (P < 0.001 for all). BMI correlated with insulin (r(s) = 0.65), and insulin correlated with free T (r(s) = 0.63, P < 0.01 for both). BMI correlated with free T while simultaneously adjusting for age, pubertal stage, insulin, LH, and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate. CONCLUSION: Peripubertal obesity is associated with marked hyperandrogenemia, which is especially pronounced in early puberty. FAU - McCartney, Christopher R
Symptomatic Rathke's cleft cysts: a report of 24 cases.$$$ We review the clinical, hormonal and imaging features of 24 consecutive patients with symptomatic Rathke's cleft cysts (RCCs), and assess the long-term effectiveness and complications of transsphenoidal cyst removal. Out of 250 consecutive patients, 24 (10%) underwent endonasal transsphenoidal surgery for RCC; 19 (79%) were women. Symptoms at presentation included headaches (83%), hyperprolactinemia (38%), central hypothyroidism (21%), galactorrhea (13%), diabetes insipidus (13%), IGF-1 deficiency (13%), central adrenal insufficiency (8%) and visual loss (8%). In total, 37% of women had irregular menses and 60% of men sexual dysfunction and hypogonadism. Two girls presented with precocious puberty. Cyst size varied from 7 to 25 mm. Fifteen (60%) had a suprasellar component. Initial and 3-month post-operative imaging revealed complete cyst resection in 23 of 24 patients. Headaches resolved in 65% of subjects and visual loss resolved in both patients who presented with this symptom. Of those presenting with endocrinopathy, 56% had improvement of at least one anterior pituitary axis; two subjects (8%), both with suprasellar RCC, developed a new hormone deficiency post-operatively and two sujects young girls, (8%) had RCC recurrence, one at 36 months after surgery, requiring a second operation, and the other had a small asymptomatic recurrence 6 months after surgery. In conclusion, RCC accounts for 10 % of surgically treated sellar and suprasellar masses. Headache, hyperprolactinemia, menstrual irregularities and sexual dysfunction are common presenting symptoms. Simple cyst removal via a transsphenoidal approach offers a safe and effective treatment. Cyst recurrence may be more common in children. FAU - Cohan, P
Determinants of High Fasting Insulin and Insulin Resistance Among Overweight/Obese Adolescents.$$$ Hyperinsulinaemia is the earliest subclinical metabolic abnormality, which precedes insulin resistance in obese children. An investigation was conducted on the potential predictors of fasting insulin and insulin resistance among overweight/obese adolescents in a developing Asian country. A total of 173 overweight/obese (BMI > 85(th) percentile) multi-ethnic Malaysian adolescents aged 13 were recruited from 23 randomly selected schools in this cross-sectional study. Waist circumference (WC), body fat percentage (BF%), physical fitness score (PFS), fasting glucose and fasting insulin were measured. Insulin resistance was calculated using homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Adjusted stepwise multiple regression analysis was performed to predict fasting insulin and HOMA-IR. Covariates included pubertal stage, socioeconomic status, nutritional and physical activity scores. One-third of our adolescents were insulin resistant, with girls having significantly higher fasting insulin and HOMA-IR than boys. Gender, pubertal stage, BMI, WC and BF% had significant, positive moderate correlations with fasting insulin and HOMA-IR while PFS was inversely correlated (p < 0.05). Fasting insulin was primarily predicted by gender-girls (Beta = 0.305, p < 0.0001), higher BMI (Beta = -0.254, p = 0.02) and greater WC (Beta = 0.242, p = 0.03). This study demonstrated that gender, BMI and WC are simple predictors of fasting insulin and insulin resistance in overweight/obese adolescents. FAU - Ling, Jerri Chiu Yun
The response to gonadotropin releasing hormone (GnRH) stimulation test does not predict the progression to true precocious puberty in girls with onset of premature thelarche in the first three years of life.$$$ CONTEXT: Premature thelarche in early childhood may evolve into true precocious puberty. The individuation of cases progressing to precocious puberty is challenging. OBJECTIVE: We analyzed the parameters predictive for progression in girls younger than 3 years. DESIGN AND SETTING: We conducted a retrospective longitudinal study. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A total of 450 girls referred for premature thelarche were initially evaluated, 353 were clinically monitored at 3-month intervals, and 97 underwent endocrine and imaging assessment. Central precocious puberty (CPP) was diagnosed in girls showing LH peak response to GnRH testing >5 mU/mL with tuber cinereum hamartoma at magnetic resonance imaging, or with normal magnetic resonance imaging but progression of puberty during follow-up. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: We measured the progression to precocious puberty. RESULTS: Idiopathic premature thelarche (IPT) was diagnosed in 85 of the 97 girls who underwent extensive evaluation, CPP in nine girls, and peripheral precocious puberty in three girls. The uterus was >34 mm in six (7%) IPT girls and six (66.6%) CPP girls. Basal LH was >0.2 mU/mL in one (1.17%) IPT girl and eight (88.8%) CPP girls. LH peak was >5 mU/mL in 31 (36.4%) IPT girls and nine (100%) CPP girls. LH peak/FSH peak ratio was >1 in six (66.6%) CPP girls. CONCLUSIONS: None of the available tests alone allows identification of girls who will progress to precocious puberty. Elevated LH responses to GnRH are common but are not related to progression toward puberty. The combined measurement of basal LH and longitudinal diameter of the uterus represents a reliable screening approach to identify subjects who should undergo GnRH testing. FAU - Bizzarri, Carla
Retinol-binding protein 4 and its relation to insulin resistance in obese children before and after weight loss.$$$ CONTEXT: There are limited and controversial data concerning the relationships between retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP4), weight status, and insulin resistance in obese humans and especially in children. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to study the longitudinal relationships among RBP4, insulin resistance and weight status in obese children. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PATIENTS: We conducted a 1-yr longitudinal follow-up study in a primary-care setting with 43 obese children (median age 10.8 yr) and 19 lean children of same the age and gender. INTERVENTION: Our outpatient 1-yr intervention program was based on exercise, behavior, and nutrition therapy. MAIN OUTCOMES MEASURES: Changes of weight status (body mass index sd score), RBP4, molar RBP4/serum retinol (SR) ratio, insulin resistance index homeostasis model assessment (HOMA), and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI). RESULTS: Obese children had significantly (P < 0.01) higher RBP4 concentrations and a higher RBP4/SR ratio compared with lean children. In multiple linear regression analyses adjusted to age, gender, and pubertal stage, RBP4 was significantly correlated to insulin and body mass index. Pubertal children demonstrated significantly decreased QUICKI and significantly increased HOMA index, insulin, and RBP4 concentrations compared with prepubertal children. Changes of RBP4 correlated significantly to changes of insulin (r = 0.29), HOMA index (r = 0.29), QUICKI (r = 0.22), and weight status (r = 0.31). Substantial weight loss in 25 children led to a significant (P < 0.001) decrease of RBP4, RBP4/SR, blood pressure, triglycerides, insulin, and HOMA index and an increase in QUICKI in contrast to the 18 children without substantial weight loss. CONCLUSION: RBP4 levels were related to weight status and insulin resistance in both cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses, suggesting a relationship between RBP4, obesity, and insulin resistance in children. FAU - Reinehr, Thomas
Adiposity, fitness and metabolic risk in children: a cross-sectional and longitudinal study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To better understand the early development of cardiovascular disease, we examined the association of adiposity measures and cardiorespiratory fitness (CRF) with baseline values and changes in low-grade chronic inflammation and insulin resistance (IR) in school children. METHODS: Eighty-three 1(st) and 5(th) grade children from a randomly selected control group of a physical activity intervention study (KISS) were prospectively studied during one academic year. Outcome variables included highly sensitive C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) and homeostasis assessment of IR (HOMA-IR). Adiposity measures included body mass index (BMI), waist circumference and the sum of skinfold thickness at four sites. CRF was assessed by the 20 m shuttle run test. All models were adjusted for age group, sex and pubertal group and included children who had a complete valid dataset for all variables. RESULTS: Baseline metabolic markers correlated positively with measures of adiposity and inversely with CRF (all p ≤ 0.02). On average, longitudinal changes in hs-CRP concentration increased with high baseline BMI in boys and skinfold thickness in both genders (both p < 0.01). Increases in adiposity had an additional effect on these changes (adjusted R(2) of the models including baseline and change in adiposity 0.49-0.53, p < 0.001). On the other hand, longitudinal changes in HOMA-IR were positively related to changes in BMI and waist circumference (p ≤ 0.03). Increases in HOMA-IR, but not in hs-CRP concentrations, were associated with low baseline CRF (p = 0.01). CONCLUSION: The relationship of baseline adiposity and CRF with increases in metabolic risk markers may have relevant implications for long-term cardiovascular risk. International Standard Randomised Controlled Trial Number (ISRCTN): TRIAL REGISTRATION: isrctn.org 15360785. FAU - Puder, Jardena J
A favorable metabolic and antiatherogenic profile in carriers of CYP21A2 gene mutations supports the theory of a survival advantage in this population.$$$ CONTEXT: The very high carrier frequency of 21-hydroxylase deficiency worldwide has been postulated as indicating a survival advantage. The 'mediators' of such an effect remain speculative. OBJECTIVE: To look for possible differences in the metabolic and atherogenic risk profile of carriers and noncarriers of CYP21A2 gene mutations at puberty in order to identify possible mediators of the presumed survival advantage for the carriers. It is anticipated that by studying atherogenic risk factors at such an early developmental stage, age-related alterations in these factors may be minimized. METHODS: The study group included 45 adolescent girls diagnosed in our center with premature pubarche, 29 of whom were noncarriers and 16 carriers of CYP21A2 mutations. The two groups did not differ in chronological age, age at pubarche or menarche, pubertal stage, body mass index and waist-to-hip ratio. Biochemical and hormonal profile markers as well as markers of endothelial dysfunction were determined by appropriate methodology. Additionally, in each subject, an oral glucose tolerance test and a gonadotrophin-releasing hormone GnRH analogue stimulation test were carried out. RESULTS: Endothelin-1 values were lower in the carriers compared to the noncarriers (p = 0.031). Higher tissue plasminogen activator and lower plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 values were found in carriers compared to noncarriers (p = 0.02 and <0.001, respectively). The ratio of the insulinogenic index/homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance, which reflects beta-cell function, was higher in carriers (p = 0.048), indicating a more favorable beta-cell function in the carriers. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings that carriers of CYP21A2 gene mutations have a more favorable internal milieu with regard to the metabolic syndrome and atherogenesis support the theory that heterozygous CYP21A2 mutations provide a survival advantage. The mechanisms involved may be related to the insulin secretion-action pathway, hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis responsiveness or other still unrecognized factors. FAU - Livadas, Sarantis
Evaluation of differential effects of metformin treatment in obese children according to pubertal stage and genetic variations: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Overweight and obesity are considered to be serious public health problems. In pediatric populations, insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, and hypertension associated with obesity occur with increased frequencies. Metformin is an oral anti-hyperglycemic agent that has been demonstrated to be efficacious in the treatment of diabetic and non-diabetic obese adults. A considerable amount of pharmacogenetic research has demonstrated that genetic variation is one of the major factors affecting metformin response. Additionally, potential microbiota-mediated mechanisms of metformin effect have been recently described. However, scant work has been conducted in children, with no attention being paid to the potential effects of pubertal development. Thus, the main objective of the present study is to evaluate the effect of metformin treatment together with lifestyle recommendations in a randomized control trial (RCT) of obese children according to pubertal stage, genetic variants and signature of gut microbiota. METHODS/DESIGN: This is a randomized, prospective, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter trial, which is stratified by puberty and sex. Eighty pre-pubertal (40 boys and 40 girls) and 80 pubertal non-diabetic obese children (40 boys and 40 girls) are being recruited in four Spanish Clinical Hospitals. The inclusion criteria to participate in the RCT include a Body Mass Index (BMI) above the 95th percentile and age 7-14 years. The pubertal stage is determined based on the Tanner criteria. Participants are assigned to two groups in accordance with a randomization schedule and receive 1 g of metformin or placebo for six months in combination with healthy lifestyle recommendations in both groups. The primary outcomes include changes in the BMI Z score and the biomarkers associated with the early appearance of insulin resistance syndrome, inflammation, cardiovascular risk according of the presence of genetic determinants of metformin response, as well as possible modifications in microbiota. DISCUSSION: This study will assess the differential response of metformin treatment at six months in pre-pubertal and pubertal obese children. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Registered by European Clinical Trials Database (EudraCT, ID: 2010-023061-21) on 14 November 2011. FAU - Pastor-Villaescusa, Belén
Association between urinary phthalates and metabolic abnormalities in obese Thai children and adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: Several endocrine disruptors (including phthalates) are considered to be a cause of obesity. However, the current evidence has not conclusively established an association between phthalates and metabolic abnormalities, especially in children. The objective of the study was to evaluate the association between urinary phthalate metabolites and metabolic abnormalities in obese Thai children and adolescents. METHODS: This cross-sectional case-control study was conducted in participants aged 7-18 years and divided into two groups: normal weight and overweight/obesity. Spot urine concentrations of two phthalate metabolites (monomethyl phthalate [MMP] and mono-n-buthyl phthalate [MBP]) were measured by high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). Anthropometric data, including weight, height, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), hip circumference (HC), waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) and waist-to-height ratio (WHTR), were measured and calculated. Fasting plasma glucose, insulin, HbA1c, lipid profiles and hepatic transaminase were analyzed, and insulin resistance indices were calculated. RESULTS: One hundred and fifty-five participants were included. The median MMP level in the normal weight and the overweight/obesity groups were 0 (0, 459.83) and 0 (0, 1623.50) μg/g Cr, respectively (p=0.933). The median MBP level in the normal weight and the overweight/obesity groups were 233.6 (118.1, 633.62) and 206.94 (7.4, 427.7) μg/g Cr, respectively (p=0.083). After adjusting for age, gender and puberty, there was no correlation between MBP and all anthropometric data and metabolic profiles. Participants with hypertriglyceridemia had lower MBP levels than those with normal TG level. MMP levels were not significantly different between the participants with normal and abnormal weight of all metabolic parameters. CONCLUSIONS: Participants with hypertriglyceridemia had lower MBP levels than those with normotriglyceridemia. However, it cannot show the correlation between phthalate and metabolic parameters. FAU - Saengkaew, Tansit
Dyslipidemia without obesity in indigenous Argentinean children living at high altitude.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To compare the prevalence of cardiovascular disease risk factors in Indian children from San Antonio de los Cobres (SAC) and children from Buenos Aires (BA), and to examine body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), and WC/height as predictors of dyslipidemia in both groups. STUDY DESIGN: Data were collected cross-sectionally from BMI, WC, blood pressure, Tanner scale, glucose, lipids, and insulin. Dyslipidemia was defined by the National Cholesterol Education Program and American Heart Association. RESULTS: The mean ages were 10.6 ± 3.0 and 9.5 ± 2.0 years in SAC vs BA children. Of the 330 SAC children, 15 (4.5%) were overweight and 12 (3.6%) obese, and of the 603 BA, 97 (16.1%) were overweight and 82 (13.6%) obese per Centers for Disease Control. There was a significantly higher prevalence of high triglycerides (28.8% vs 3.5%) and low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (30.0% vs 5.5%) in SAC vs BA children. The areas under the receiver operating characteristic curve in predicting high triglycerides were BMI = 0.55 (95% CI, 0.48-0.62; P = .15) in SAC and BMI = 0.65 (95% CI, 0.52-0.77; P = .02) in BA children. Similar results from the areas under the receiver operating characteristic curve were obtained when low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was used, indicating that BMI was not a significant predictor for dyslipidemia in SAC children. When BMI was replaced by WC and WC/height, results were similar. CONCLUSIONS: Anthropometric markers were not an acceptable predictor for National Cholesterol Education Program cutoffs for dyslipidemia in SAC children. Longitudinal studies should determine if SAC children are at high risk for cardiovascular diseases because of genetic background.
Increased high molecular weight adiponectin, but decreased total adiponectin and kisspeptin, in central precocious puberty compared with aged-matched prepubertal girls.$$$ The aim of the present study was to compare serum leptin, kisspeptin, total adiponectin, high molecular weight (HMW) adiponectin and neuropeptide Y (NPY) levels between girls with central precocious puberty (CPP; n=26, 7-9.5 years old) and age-matched controls (n=29) including or excluding obese girls. Leptin and NPY levels were comparable between CPP and control girls. Kisspeptin levels were lower in the CPP than control group, and were positively correlated with oestrogen in the control group and with systolic and diastolic blood pressure in the CPP group. Kisspeptin levels were negatively correlated with FSH and LH in the CPP group. Total adiponectin levels were lower in CPP than control girls, and were negatively correlated with Tanner stage and body mass index, but positively correlated with the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index in the control group. HMW adiponectin was higher in the CPP than control group, and was positively correlated with Tanner stage and LH in all girls. Total adiponectin had a strong positive correlation with HMW adiponectin in the CPP group (r=0.915) compared with the control group (r=0.371). In conclusion, kisspeptin may be associated with increased oestrogen in prepubertal girls, but with increased blood pressure in girls with CPP. In girls entering puberty, HMW adiponectin was increased and associated with reproductive parameters. Based on these observations, HMW adiponectin probably plays an essential role in the initiation of puberty and is a candidate marker for the prediction of CPP. FAU - Sitticharoon, Chantacha
Association of the GAA1013-->GAG polymorphism of the insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor (IGF1R) gene with premature pubarche.$$$ OBJECTIVE: A single-nucleotide polymorphism (SNP), the G variant in codon 1013 (GAA1013-->GAG) of the insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) receptor (IGFIR) gene, has been associated with higher IGF-1 concentrations in Caucasian subjects. Because elevated serum levels of IGF-1 have been described in children with premature pubarche (PP) and in adolescent girls with hyperandrogenism, we tested the a priori hypothesis that the frequency of the A-->G variant would be overrepresented among children with PP. DESIGN: Case-control association study. SETTING: University-based pediatric endocrinology practice. PATIENT(S): Sixty-nine children (63 girls and 6 boys) with PP, 52 adolescent girls with hyperandrogenism, and 92 healthy subjects. INTERVENTION(S): Blood was obtained for genotype analysis, glucose measurement, and hormone (A, insulin, 17-hydroxyprogesterone, and T) determinations. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Frequency of the SNP in the IGF1R gene and correlation of this SNP with hormone concentrations. RESULT(S): Distribution of the G allele was statistically significantly different between the children with PP and the healthy control subjects, independent of insulin sensitivity. CONCLUSION(S): This common SNP in the IGF1R gene may be associated with PP caused by premature adrenarche in children. Because PP has been associated with higher IGF-1 concentrations, these data suggest a potential molecular basis for prior clinical observations of elevated IGF-1 concentrations in children with PP. FAU - Roldan, Maria Belen
Subepicardial adipose tissue thickness and its relation with anthropometric and clinical parameters in pubertal obese children.$$$ AIM: To determine the relation of echocardiographic subepicardial adipose tissue (SAT) thickness with anthropometric and clinical parameters in pubertal obese children. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: A total of 52 obese pubertal subjects (13.1±1.56 yr, 27 male patients) and 39 age- and gender-matched lean pubertal subjects (13.0±1.28 yr, 16 male patients) were included in the study. Serum glucose, lipid profile, and insulin levels were measured during the fasting state. Each subject underwent a transthoracic echocardiography and the SAT thickness was measured during end-diastole from the parasternal long-axis views. RESULTS: The obese pubertal subjects had significantly higher SAT, triceps skin fold (TSF) thickness (mm), waist (WC) and mid-arm circumference (MAC) values (cm) compared with lean pubertal subjects group (p<0.05). Correlation analysis showed that SAT thickness was significantly related with age, SD score-body mass index (SDS-BMI), BMI, WC, MAC, TSF, and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (p<0.05), whereas there was no significant relation of SAT with hip circumference and waist to hip ratio (p>0.05). As an optimal cut-off point, a SAT thickness of 5.25 mm determined IR with 92% sensitivity and 62.1% specificity. CONCLUSIONS: Our study showed that SAT thickness in obese pubertal children shows a good correlation with age, SDS-BMI, BMI, WC, MAC, TSF, and HOMA-IR. In addition, our results suggest that SAT thickness might be used as a supportive data for risk stratification of metabolic syndrome in obese children. FAU - Abaci, A
Sex Hormones, Gonad Size, and Metabolic Profile in Adolescent Girls Born Small for Gestational Age with Catch-up Growth.$$$ STUDY OBJECTIVE: To characterize and compare sex hormone concentrations, and uterine and ovarian volumes in adolescent girls born small for gestational age (SGA) who had experienced catch-up growth and girls born at a size appropriate for gestational age (AGA), and to investigate the association between these parameters and glucose metabolism, perinatal factors, and early growth. DESIGN: A prospective, longitudinal, observational study from birth until adolescence. SETTING: Mean age at final assessment was 12.7 ± 0.1 years. PARTICIPANTS: We followed 55 girls (20 SGA, 35 AGA). INTERVENTIONS AND MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Sex hormone concentrations (gonadotropins, estradiol, testosterone, and sex hormone binding globulin) were analyzed, and the oral glucose tolerance test conducted. Uterine and ovarian sizes were assessed using pelvic ultrasound. RESULTS: Uterine and ovarian volumes were smaller in SGA-born compared with AGA-born girls (P = .013 and P = .039, respectively). SGA girls had lower sex hormone binding globulin levels (P = .039) and higher testosterone levels (P = .003), free androgen index (P < .001), and glycemia 2 hours post glucose load (P = .005) compared with AGA-born girls. Birth weight and early infancy height velocity explained 37.4% of variation in ovarian volume (P = .004), and body mass index at birth, increase in peripheral skinfold thickness during second year of life, and early childhood height velocity explained 43.2% of variation in testosterone levels in adolescence (P = .006). CONCLUSION: SGA-born girls who experienced catch-up growth remain at risk of biochemical hyperandrogenism in adolescence, and have reduced uterine and ovarian volumes, which might influence future reproductive function. Ovarian size and androgen levels in adolescence might be influenced by early growth and subcutaneous fat deposition.
Serum anti-müllerian hormone concentrations in prepubertal girls with and without premature adrenarche: The influence of body mass index.$$$ BACKGROUND: A connection between premature adrenarche (PA) and polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) has been proposed. We investigated whether anti-müllerian hormone (AMH) production is increased in prepubertal girls with PA, as it is in women with PCOS and in their prepubertal daughters. METHODS: Fifty-two prepubertal girls with PA and 48 prepubertal age-matched controls were studied. Serum AMH concentrations were determined by a specific ELISA assay and correlated with baseline steroid hormone, GnRH-stimulated LH and FSH, and glucose and insulin concentrations during an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). RESULTS: Girls with PA had lower serum AMH concentrations than their controls (2.65 vs. 3.43 ng/ml, p = 0.035). This difference between the study groups vanished when adjusted for BMI SDS score (SDS) or body fat percentage. In the entire cohort, serum AMH concentration was negatively correlated with BMI SDS (r = -0.23, p = 0.019) and androstenedione (r = -0.22, p = 0.03), but not with age, GnRH-stimulated LH or FSH, baseline or OGTT insulin concentrations. Within the control group only, there was an inverse relationship of serum AMH with DHEAS (r = -0.32, p = 0.028) concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: Unlike prepubertal daughters of PCOS women, PA girls do not have abnormalities in serum AMH concentrations at prepubertal age.
[Beta thalassemia major in Argentina].$$$ An analysis of beta thalassemia major patients seen at Hospital Juan P. Garrahan was carried out in order to determine the characteristics and outcome of the population. From August 1987 to July 2000, 45 patients were admitted (27 males-18 females). The most common beta globin gene defects were C-39 (30.7%); IVS-I nt 110 (20%); IVS-I nt 6 (13.3%); IVS-I nt 1(4%). alpha globin genes were normal in 42 patients, 1 patient had triplicate and cuadriplicate alpha globin genes and 2 patients were not analyzed. Six patients of 5 families were heterozygous for -158G gamma mutation. Allogeneic stem cell transplantation was performed in 7 patients, with an identical sibling. Transfusion-related infections and alloantibodies were detected in 6.7% patients. Growth assessment showed no significant difference in the stature of girls compared to the reference population, but 5 boys had short stature. There is a tendency to short trunk. Growth velocity was normal at prepubertal age. No X-ray lesions related to desferrioxamine were observed. Delayed puberty and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism were found in 35.7% and abnormalities in GH/IGF-I axis in 12.5% of the patients. Impaired glucose tolerance was found in 2 patients. No patient developed diabetes mellitus, thyroid or adrenal insufficiency. One patient had cardiac complications. Forty-two patients are alive and 3 died (cardiac failure 1, central nervous system bleeding 1, sepsis 1). We conclude that beta thalassemia major, originated mainly from Italian immigrants, has a cumbersome treatment and is severely hindered by the lack of adequate economic resources in our patients. FAU - Torres, Feliu Aurora
In vivo and in vitro development of visceral adipose tissue in a nonhuman primate (Papio species).$$$ We determined the development of the omental fat depot in a cross-sectional study of 242 baboons from birth to mature adulthood. The triglyceride content of the omentum increased during preweaning (birth to 4 months) and adolescence (2 to 5 years) and was associated with an increase in both fat cell number and size. Between weaning and 2 years of age omentum triglyceride mass decreased as a result of decreasing fat cell size, but fat cell number remained constant. After adolescence and up to 13 years of age, omental triglyceride mass and fat cell volume were stable, but fat cell number increased slightly in female baboons. We determined the in vitro potential of omental stromal vascular (S-V) cells from baboons at different stages of development to differentiate in a serum-free medium. Both the proportion of omental S-V cells that accumulated cytoplasmic lipid droplets and the induction of glycerol phosphate dehydrogenase (GPDH) activity were increased to the greatest degree in the presence of 1-methyl-3-isobutylxanthine, 2.0 nmol/L triiodothyronine (T3), 0.85 mumol/L insulin, and 1.0 mumol/L cortisol. Omental S-V cells from preweaning and adolescent baboons had a greater differentiation rate, GPDH activity, and triglyceride accumulation compared with cells from postweaned infants and mature adults. In summary, most of the growth of the baboon omentum occurs during the preweaning and pubertal periods of life, and omental S-V cells isolated from animals during these periods retain a greater potential to differentiate in vitro. FAU - Lewis, D S
Longitudinal evaluation and risk factors of lipodystrophy and associated metabolic changes in HIV-infected children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the rate of progression of lipodystrophy and the associated metabolic disturbances over a 2-year period in children and to assess risk factors associated with lipodystrophy and metabolic disturbances. DESIGN: Multicenter 2-year prospective study with a standardized evaluation. METHODS: One hundred thirty children (median age = 10 years, 64 boys and 66 girls) receiving antiretroviral therapy were recruited in 3 pediatric clinics. Lipodystrophy was defined based on 4 skinfold thickness measurements. Fasting lipids and glucose profile were measured in all children. RESULTS: The proportion of children presenting with lipodystrophy was 24.6%. Nineteen percent of children had high-density lipoprotein values less than 1 mmol/L. Twenty-two percent and 15% of children had values greater than 2 standard deviations for age and gender for cholesterol and triglycerides, respectively. A total of 13.2% showed insulin resistance. A total of 42.7% showed at least 1 of these biologic disturbances. Prospective follow-up showed no progression at all over 2 years, except for a doubling of the number of children with insulin resistance. In multivariate analyses, ethnicity, previous severe clinical condition, duration of HIV infection, and nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor treatment were significantly associated with lipodystrophy. Tanner stage V of puberty, severe clinical symptoms and protease inhibitor treatment were independently associated with the risk of metabolic disturbances. CONCLUSIONS: Puberty seems to be the time when HIV-infected children taking potent antiretroviral therapy are more likely to develop lipodystrophy and metabolic complications, especially in children with a severe underlying HIV infection. Once developed, lipodystrophy and metabolic changes seem to be extremely stable with time. FAU - Beregszaszi, Marta
Predictors of anxiety and depression in Egyptian thalassemic patients: a single center study.$$$ Thalassemic patients are vulnerable to emotional and behavioral problems. Each patient age group exhibits problems unique to that stage of development, and although up to 80 % of thalassemic patients are likely to have psychological disorders, e.g., anxiety and depression, predictors of these disorders remain poorly understood. The present study was designed to assess the prevalence of anxiety and depression in a sample of Egyptian thalassemic patients and to identify predictors of these psychiatric disorders. A case-control study was conducted in 218 thalassemic patients, with 244 healthy subjects as a control. All patients and control subjects were subjected to thorough evaluation of medical history and clinical examination, and examined by a psychiatrist using the clinician version of the structured clinical interview for DSM-IV (SCID-CV), hospital anxiety and depression scale and Coopersmith self-esteem inventory. Abnormal and borderline anxieties were reported by 36.7 and 20.6 % of thalassemic patients, respectively, while abnormal and borderline depressions were reported by 32.1 and 16.1 % of patients, respectively. Hospitalization, low self-esteem, diabetes mellitus and heart failure were independent predictors of anxiety. The independent predictors of depression were heart failure, hospitalization, diabetes mellitus, short stature and delayed puberty. Thalassemic patients were more vulnerable to anxiety and depression, indicating that screening and management for such psychiatric disorders should be considered in treating all such patients. FAU - Yahia, Sohier
Ala54Thr polymorphism of the fatty acid-binding protein 2 gene (intestinal-type FABP) is associated with changes in insulin sensitivity in SGA pubertal girls.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Associations between FABP2 Ala54Thr polymorphism and increased fasting insulin concentration, fasting fatty acid oxidation and reduced glucose uptake have been identified in several populations. The aim of this study was to evaluate the association of Ala54 Thr polymorphism of the FABP2 gene with insulin sensitivity in pubertal girls born small for gestational age (SGA). RESULTS: The frequency of the Thr54 allele did not differ between AGA and SGA girls (0.52 vs 0.43). Girls born SGA positive for the Ala/Thr polymorphism were older at the beginning of puberty compared to girls born AGA with the Thr54 allele (p < 0.01). These girls had lower whole body insulin sensitivity index (WBISI) (4.1 +/- 1.7 vs 9.2+/-7.4, p < 0.05), higher leptin (17.3 +/- 5.9 vs 12.1 +/- 13.7, p < 0.02), insulin area under the curve (AUC) (64,272 +/- 9,209 vs 27,981 +/- 15,637, p < 0.001), proinsulin (17.3 +/- 5.4 vs 10.9 +/- 3.6, p < 0.01) and insulinogenic index (4.6 +/- 3.0 vs 2.9 +/- 5.9, p < 0.01). Conversely, girls born SGA positive for the Ala/Thr polymorphism were older at the beginning of puberty (ns) compared to girls born SGA positive for the Ala/Ala polymorphism. These girls had higher insulin AUC (64,272 +/- 9,209 vs 33,322 +/-7,533, p < 0.01), insulinogenic index (4.6 +/- 3.0 vs 2.5 +/- 3.6, p < 0.01) and lower WBISI (4.1 +/- 1.7 vs 6.3 +/- 1.8, p < 0.05). DISCUSSION: Our results suggest that the Thr54 variant of the FABP2 gene could be associated with a synergic effect in the SGA group regarding higher leptin levels (p < 0.05), lower insulin sensitivity by WBISI (p < 0.05) and higher insulin secretion determined by higher insulinogenic index (p < 0.01), insulin AUC (p < 0.01) and beta-cell stress measured by higher proinsulin (p < 0.05). Our data suggest an involvement of genetic factors in the insulin resistance associated with reduced fetal growth and strengthen the hypothesis that this association could be the consequence of interactions between detrimental factors during fetal life and genetic susceptibility. FAU - Mericq, Verónica
A Metabolic Screen in Adolescents Reveals an Association Between Circulating Citrate and Cortical Bone Mineral Density.$$$ Observations that insulin and adiponectin levels are related to cortical bone size in adolescents, independently of body composition, suggest factors related to fat metabolism directly influence skeletal development. To explore this question, we examined associations between a metabolic screen focusing on fat metabolism, and peripheral quantitative computed tomography (pQCT) measures of the mid-tibia, in 15-year-olds from the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children. Metabolic profiles were generated by proton nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy, from blood samples obtained at the same time as pQCT scans. Ordinary least squares linear regression was used to investigate relationships between metabolic measures and periosteal circumference (PC), cortical thickness (CT), and cortical bone mineral density (BMD(C) ). Metabolic profiles yielded 22 independent components following principal component analysis (PCA), giving a Bonferroni-adjusted threshold for statistical significance of p = 0.002. Data were available in 1121 subjects (487 males), mean age 15 years. Several metabolites related to lipid and cholesterol metabolism were associated with PC, CT, and BMD(C) after adjustment for age, sex, and Tanner stage. After additional adjustment for height, fat, and lean mass, only the association between citrate and BMD(C) remained below the Bonferroni-significant threshold (β = -0.14 [-0.18, -0.09]) (β represents a standardized coefficient). Citrate also showed evidence of association with PC (β = 0.06 [0.03, 0.10]) and strength strain index (SSI; β = 0.04 [0.01, 0.08]). Subsequently, we investigated whether these relationships were explained by increased bone resorption. Citrate was strongly related to serum β-C-telopeptides of type I collagen (β-CTX) (β = 0.20 [0.16, 0.23]). After additional adjustment for β-CTX the above associations between citrate and BMD(C) (β = -0.04 [-0.08, 0.01]), PC (β = 0.03 [-0.01, 0.07]) and SSI (β = 0.03 [-0.01, 0.07]) were no longer observed. We conclude that in adolescents, circulating levels of citrate are inversely related to BMD(C) and positively related to PC, reflecting associations with higher bone turnover. Further studies are justified to elucidate possible contributions of citrate, a constituent of bone matrix, to bone resorption and cortical density. © 2019 American Society for Bone and Mineral Research.
Low birthweight and elevated levels of lipoprotein(a) in prepubertal children.$$$ AIM: To evaluate whether healthy prepubertal children with low birthweight (LBW) exhibited higher serum levels of lipoprotein(a) (Lp(a)) than did those with normal birthweight (NBW). METHODS: A total of 350 healthy children aged 6 to 9 years and in Tanner stage 1 were enrolled in a community-based cross-sectional study. Family history of hypertension, diabetes or cardiovascular disease (CVD) in parents and grandparents; active smoking; a diagnosis of acute or chronic illness; and intake of vitamins or nutritional supplements were exclusion criteria. The cut-off point for Lp(a) was 0.79 μmol/L. RESULTS: LBW was identified in 51 (14.6%) children. In total, 42 (12.0%) children had elevated Lp(a) levels, with 25 (49.0%) and 17 (5.7%) in the LBW and NBW groups, respectively (P < 0.0005). None of the children had adverse cardiovascular outcomes. Average body mass index (BMI) (17.1 ± 3.3 and 18.8 ± 3.9, P = 0.001), glucose levels (4.5 ± 0.5 and 4.8 ± 0.4 mmol/L, P = 0.007), insulin levels (67.4 ± 45.1 and 86.1 ± 54.9 pmol/L, P = 0.02), and Lp(a) levels (0.52 ± 0.21 and 1.40 ± 0.49 μmol/L, P < 0.0005) were higher in the children with LBW than in the children with NBW. A multivariate analysis adjusted by age, sex, raw BMI, BMI standard deviation score and insulin level showed a significant association between LBW and elevated levels of Lp(a) (odds ratio 8.02, 95% confidence interval 7.3-21.3; P < 0.0005). CONCLUSIONS: LBW was shown to be strongly associated with elevated serum levels of Lp(a).
Growth hormone treatment and adverse events in Prader-Willi syndrome: data from KIGS (the Pfizer International Growth Database).$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the response to recombinant GH treatment and adverse events in children with Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) from KIGS, the Pfizer International Growth Database. PATIENTS: A total of 328 children (274 prepubertal, median age 6.0 years; 54 pubertal, median age 12.7 years) were treated for 1 year and 161 children were treated for 2 years with GH. RESULTS: Height standard deviation score (SDS) increased significantly during treatment; the response was greater in prepubertal (-0.7 vs.-1.8 pretreatment) compared with pubertal children (-1.5 vs.-1.8). Predictors of first-year height velocity in multiple regression analysis were GH dose, body weight (positively correlated), height SDS minus mid-parental height SDS and chronological age (negatively correlated), together accounting for 39% of the variation in response to GH. Body mass index (BMI) SDS did not change significantly during 2 years of treatment. Of all the 675 GH-treated PWS patients in KIGS, there were five cases of sudden death (age range 3-15 years). Three were obese (weight for height > 200%) and causes of death included bronchopneumonia, respiratory insufficiency and sleep apnoea. Scoliosis was the most commonly reported adverse event (n = 24), four children developed hyperglycaemia and six had presumptive diabetes (type 2 in five, and one case of type 1). CONCLUSIONS: Short-term growth improved in response to conventional doses of GH in children with PWS. Prior to commencement of GH, examination of the upper airways and sleep studies should be performed in PWS patients. GH should be used with caution in those with extreme obesity or disordered breathing and all patients should be closely monitored for adverse events. FAU - Craig, Maria E
Reduced levels of growth hormone, insulin-like growth factor-I and binding protein-3 in patients with shunted hydrocephalus.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Children with hydrocephalus are characterised by slow linear growth in prepuberty, accelerated physical maturation during puberty, and reduced final height. We aimed to study the possible roles of growth hormone, insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I), and IGF binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) in this growth pattern. STUDY DESIGN: One hundred and fourteen patients with shunted hydrocephalus (62 males) aged 5 to 20 years, of whom 17 had spina bifida (six males), and 73 healthy controls (38 males) were studied. Anthropometric measures, body mass index, and body fat mass were assessed and the stage of puberty was determined. Serum growth hormone and plasma IGF-I and IGFBP-3 concentrations were measured. RESULTS: The patients comprised 44 (26 males) who were prepubertal and 70 (36 males) pubertal or postpubertal, while 32 of the controls (19 males) were prepubertal and 41 (19 males) pubertal or postpubertal. The prepubertal children with hydrocephalus had lower IGF-I (p = 0.002) and IGFBP-3 concentrations (p < 0.001) than the controls, and the pubertal children had four times lower basal growth hormone concentrations (p < 0.001). There was a correlation between height SD score and IGF-I levels in the total patient population (r = 0.23; p = 0.01). Peripheral IGF-I concentrations peaked at pubertal stages 2-3 in the female patients and at stage 4 in the controls. The prepubertal patients on antiepileptic treatment, carbamazepine in most cases (73%), had higher IGF-I (p = 0.01) and IGFBP-3 concentrations (p = 0.03) than those who had never been treated with antiepileptic drugs, but still lower IGFBP-3 levels than the controls (p = 0.01). CONCLUSION: Based on these findings, it can be concluded that reduced growth hormone secretion may contribute to the pattern of slow linear growth and reduced final height observed in these patients. FAU - Löppönen, T
Body mass index, waist circumference, and waist-to-height ratio as predictors of cardiometabolic risk in childhood obesity depending on pubertal development.$$$ CONTEXT: The predictive value of body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), and waist-to-height ratio (WtHR) to define cardiometabolic risk is unclear in childhood obesity. OBJECTIVE: [corrected] The associations between BMI, WtHR, or WC and cardiometabolic risk markers were analyzed in a multicenter data collection of obese youth. DESIGN AND SUBJECTS: BMI, WtHR, and WC were retrospectively evaluated in 1278 patients (11-18 years, 53% boys) from the German/Austrian/Swiss Adiposity Patients Registry. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Parameters were correlated with homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance, fasting insulin, blood pressure, transaminases, lipids and uric acid, applying adjusted regression models, with age group, pubertal stage and gender as covariates. RESULTS: Homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance and fasting insulin were most strongly correlated with BMI, independent of age group or gender. Lipids, transaminases, and uric acid were most strongly correlated with WC with stronger associations for boys. Correlations between BMI and WC as well as metabolic markers and systolic blood pressure showed only minor differences. The pattern of relationship changed during the course of pubertal development with the strongest associations for pubertal children. None of the parameters showed a dependency on WtHR that was superior to BMI or WC. CONCLUSIONS: There is only small additional benefit in using WC measurements for routine pediatric care in addition to BMI for predicting metabolic risk. For all parameters, the relationship is strongest during midpuberty, emphasizing that among obese pubertal adolescents, anthropometric measures (BMI and WC) best predict cardiometabolic comorbidities. WtHR does not seem to be superior to BMI or WC in predicting metabolic or cardiovascular risk related to childhood obesity. FAU - Blüher, Susann
Physical activity, anthropometric factors and risk of pancreatic cancer: results from the Canadian enhanced cancer surveillance system.$$$ To explore the hypothesis that insulin resistance may be an etiologic factor in pancreatic cancer, we assessed the pancreatic cancer risk associated with anthropometric factors and physical activity, both of which are important determinants of insulin sensitivity in humans. Three hundred and twelve patients with histologically confirmed pancreatic cancer were compared to 2,919 controls in a population-based, case-control study in 7 of the 10 Canadian provinces. Participants were asked to report their exposure status for the period 2 years before interview. Men in the highest quartile of body mass index (BMI, > or =28.3 kg/m(2)) were at increased risk of pancreatic cancer [adjusted odds ratio (OR) = 1.90, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.08-3.35]. In addition, men who reported a decrease in weight of at least 2.9% from their lifetime maximum were at reduced risk compared to those reporting a < or =2.9% loss (> or =10.2% loss, OR = 0.51, 95% CI 0.30-0.86). BMI 2 years before interview was not associated with pancreatic cancer risk among women, though those reporting a > or =12.5% decrease in weight from their lifetime maximum had substantially lower risk compared to those in the baseline quartile (OR = 0.53, 95% CI 0.29-0.99). After adjustment for age, province of residence, dietary intake and anthropometric factors, men in the highest quartile of the composite moderate and strenuous physical activity index were at reduced risk of pancreatic cancer (OR = 0.53, 95% CI 0.31-0.90). Physical activity did not appear to be associated with pancreatic cancer among women, though a tendency for reduced risk with increasing levels of strenuous activity was suggested (p for trend = 0.06). Our findings support the hypothesis that insulin resistance is an etiologic factor in the development of pancreatic neoplasms among men and possibly women.
Three-year efficacy and safety of LB03002, a once-weekly sustained-release growth hormone (GH) preparation, in prepubertal children with GH deficiency (GHD).$$$ BACKGROUND: GH treatment currently requires daily sc injections, resulting in suboptimal compliance. A GH regimen with fewer injections may offer patients and caregivers a less arduous option. LB03002 is a novel sustained-release GH formulation for once-weekly dosing. PATIENTS AND METHODS: GH-deficient, GH-naive prepubertal children were randomized to four groups who received 0.2 mg/kg/wk LB03002 for 12 months, followed by 0.5 mg/kg/wk for another 24 months (n=13); 0.5 mg/kg/wk LB03002 for 36 months (n=13); 0.7 mg/kg/wk LB03002 for 12 months, followed by 0.5 mg/kg/wk for another 24 months (n=13); or daily GH 0.03 mg/kg/d for 24 months, switched to 0.5 mg/kg/wk LB03002 for 12 months (n = 12). RESULTS: Height velocity increased in all groups; the increase was less for the 0.2 mg/kg/wk LB03002 group at 12 (P = 0.008) and 24 months (P = 0.030), with no statistically significant differences at any time for the 0.5 mg/kg/wk and 0.7 mg/kg/wk LB03002 groups, vs. daily GH. Height sd score gain at 12 months was significantly (P = 0.023) less for the 0.2 mg/kg/wk group (1.05 ± 0.38) than daily GH (1.47 ± 0.29), but with no statistically significant difference for the 0.5 mg/kg/wk (1.37 ± 0.39) and 0.7 mg/kg/wk (1.50 ± 0.44) LB03002 groups vs. daily GH. There were no significant differences in height sd score gain between any groups at 24 and 36 months. Bone maturation did not differ for any LB03002 dose compared with daily GH. Serum IGF-I concentrations increased as expected, with no long-term differences between groups. Mean fasting glucose and glycosylated hemoglobin concentrations did not exceed normal ranges for any treatment group at any time. CONCLUSION: LB03002 at doses of 0.5 mg/kg/wk and 0.7 mg/kg/wk was shown to be effective and safe with once-weekly dosing in GH-deficient children, and 0.5 mg/kg/wk LB03002 was chosen as the optimal dose for long-term assessment. FAU - Péter, Ferenc
Impact of adolescence and gender on asthma hospitalization: a population-based birth cohort study.$$$ Our objective was to determine the impact of gender and age on asthma hospitalization rates among children. We used a population-based retrospective birth cohort study to determine yearly age- and gender-specific asthma hospitalization rates between ages 2-18 years in a cohort of all children born in Washington State between 1980-1985. In addition, we assessed factors associated with the hospitalization of a given child for asthma both before and during adolescence, and factors associated with an initial asthma hospitalization during adolescence. Outcome measures included age- and gender-specific rates of hospitalization for asthma, diabetes, seizures/epilepsy, and nonasthma respiratory diagnoses. Asthma hospitalization rates for boys were significantly higher than for girls between ages 2-12 years, the gender gap in asthma hospitalizations reversed between ages 13-14 years, and rates for girls were significantly higher than boys between 16-18 years of age. The male peak asthma hospitalization rate per 100,000 cohort members occurred at age 4 years (12.7; 95% confidence interval (CI), 11.1-14.3), and the male trough rate occurred at age 18 years (4.1; 95% CI, 2.8-5.4), whereas the female peak asthma hospitalization rate occurred at age 17 years (9.4; 95% CI, 7.8-11) and the female trough rate at age 2 years (5.2; 95% CI, 4.2-6.2). Age-specific hospitalization rates for diabetes mellitus and epilepsy were similar for boys and girls throughout childhood. Female gender was strongly associated with asthma hospitalization occurring in an individual child both prior to and during adolescence (rate ratio (RR), 2.0; 95% CI, 1.4-2.9), and was modestly associated with initial hospitalization in adolescence (RR, 1.15; 95% CI, 1.0-1.3). In conclusion, asthma hospitalization rates for boys and girls exhibit strikingly different patterns during adolescence. Potential explanations for these gender differences include hormonal changes during puberty, or gender-specific differences in environmental exposures such as diet, obesity, allergen exposure, or cigarette smoking.
A population-based cross-sectional study of the association between facial morphology and cardiometabolic risk factors in adolescence. LID - 10.1136/bmjopen-2013-002910 [doi] LID - e002910$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine whether facial morphology is associated with fasting insulin, glucose and lipids independent of body mass index (BMI) in adolescents. DESIGN: Population-based cross-sectional study. SETTING: Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children (ALSPAC), South West of England. PARTICIPANTS: From the ALSPAC database of 4747 three-dimensional facial laser scans, collected during a follow-up clinic at the age of 15, 2348 white British adolescents (1127 males and 1221 females) were selected on the basis of complete data on cardiometabolic parameters, BMI and Tanner's pubertal stage. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Fasting insulin, glucose and lipids (triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLc) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDLc)). RESULTS: On the basis of the collection of 63 x, y and z coordinates of 21 anthropometric landmarks, 14 facial principal components (PCs) were identified. These components explained 82% of the variation in facial morphology and were used as exposure variables. With adjustment for age, gender and pubertal stage, seven PCs were associated with fasting insulin, none with glucose, three with triglycerides, three with HDLc and four with LDLc. After additional adjustment for BMI, four PCs remained associated with fasting insulin, one with triglycerides and two with LDLc. None of these associations withstood adjustment for multiple comparisons. CONCLUSIONS: These initial hypotheses generating analyses provide no evidence that facial morphology is importantly related to cardiometabolic outcomes. Further examination might be warranted. Facial morphology assessment may have value in identifying other areas of disease risk. FAU - Djordjevic, Jelena
Bone metabolism markers and bone mass in healthy pubertal boys and girls.$$$ OBJECTIVE: During puberty, bone growth and mineralization as well as bone turnover increase dramatically. The relation between height velocity and bone turnover is already known, but there are few studies in which both bone metabolism markers and bone mass throughout puberty have been measured. DESIGN: Semi-longitudinal study. In 155 healthy boys (12.0 +/- 1.5 years; range 8.8-15.7 years) and 151 healthy girls (11.2 +/- 1.6 years; range 8.2-14.0 years) markers of bone formation and bone resorption were measured as well as sex steroids, IGF-1 and IGF-BP3, together with bone mineral content (BMC) and bone mineral density (BMD) of the lumbar spine, femur and total body during puberty. All bone measurements were repeated after 1 year. RESULTS: BMC and BMD increased throughout puberty in both sexes. Bone turnover markers increased significantly until maximum values were reached at stage G4 in boys and stage B3 in girls. Height velocity (HV) had a similar changing pattern. Sex steroids and IGF-1 increased and reached adult values at pubertal stage 4. The correlations between bone metabolism markers and BMC were highly significant in boys, while correlations between bone metabolism markers and the increase in BMC over 1 year were significant in both sexes, as was observed for the correlations with HV. CONCLUSIONS: Our data suggest that bone metabolism markers are good predictors of bone mass in boys and of bone mass increase in both sexes. In early puberty, sex steroids stimulate the pubertal growth spurt in conjunction with GH and IGF-1. The fast increase in height gives rise to an increase in bone turnover and bone mineral apposition. It is known that at the end of puberty high levels of oestradiol inhibit chondrocyte proliferation. This leads to a decline in height velocity and bone turnover. Bone mass still increases under the influence of sex steroids and IGF-1. The data in our study confirm previous reports that markers of bone turnover relate positively to height velocity. FAU - van Coeverden, S C C M
[Endocrine evaluation and evolution of intrasellar craniopharyngioma (CPIS): study of 8 cases].$$$ BACKGROUND: Craniopharyngiomas generally develop either in the suprasellar region or in both suprasellar and intrasellar regions. Purely intrasellar craniopharyngiomas are rare in children; they have special clinical and radiological features and pose specific therapeutic problems. POPULATION AND METHODS: Eight patients (five girls and three boys), aged 7 to 17 years, were admitted from 1976 to 1992 with a diagnosis of intrasellar craniopharyngioma without extrasellar development. Search for endocrine deficiencies was performed in all these patients as well as radiological investigation (skull X-rays, CT scan and MRI). RESULTS: Persistent delayed growth was the main complaint in seven out of the eight patients. Headache was seen in three patients. The tumor was fortuitously discovered after cranial traumatism in one. Initial endocrine investigations showed growth hormone deficiency in all patients; deficiency in thyrotropin was seen in five, in adenocorticotropin in six. Three patients had moderately increased levels of blood prolactin and four had delayed puberty with gonadotropin deficiency. Only one patient presented with diabetes insipidus. X-rays showed enlarged sella turcica in seven of the eight patients with calcifications in three and a cystic lesion in five. Two patients were operated on because of a doubtful diagnosis: their condition is stable 1.5 and 12 year later, respectively. The tumor volume remained stable with a follow-up of 1.5-9 years in five other patients; its volume gradualled increased in another patient requiring surgical removal 18 months after diagnosis. Antehypophysar deficiency generally increased in all patients, operated on or not, and five patients out of six have gonadotropin deficiency. CONCLUSIONS: These intrasellar craniopharyngiomas remain generally stable so that the greatest care must be taken in proposing surgical treatment. FAU - Bertherat, J
[Not Available].$$$ BACKGROUND: The different body components may contribute to the development of insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes mellitus. The aim of the present study was to examine the association of fat mass and fat free mass indices with markers of insulin resistance, independently of each other and giving, at the same time, gender-specific information in a wide cohort of European adolescents. METHODS: A cross-sectional study in a school setting was conducted in 925 (430 males) adolescents (14.9 ± 1.2 years). Weight, height, anthropometric, bioimpedance and blood parameters were measured. Indices for fat mass and fat free mass, and homeostatic model assessment (HOMA) were calculated. Multiple regression analyses were performed adjusting for several confounders including fat free mass and fat mass when possible. RESULTS: Indices of fat mass were positively associated with HOMA (all p < 0.01) after adjusting for all the confounders including fat free mass indices, in both sexes. Fat free mass indices were associated with HOMA, in both males and females, after adjusting for center, pubertal status, socioeconomic status and cardiorespiratory fitness, but the associations disappear when including fat mass indices in the adjustment´s model. CONCLUSION: Fat mass indices derived from different methods are positively associated with insulin resistance independently of several confounders including fat free mass indices. In addition, the relationship of fat free mass with insulin resistance is influenced by the amount of fat mass in European adolescents. Nevertheless, future studies should focus not only on the role of fat mass, but also on other body components such as fat free mass because its role could vary depending of the level and distribution of fat mass. FAU - Sese, María
Objectively measured physical activity and cardiovascular disease risk factors in African American girls.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study examines the associations between objectively measured physical activity and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors in preadolescent African American girls. METHODS: We conducted a cross-sectional analysis of data from Stanford Girls Health Enrichment Multisite Studies (GEMS) trial. Physical activity was assessed for four days by using an ActiGraph accelerometer and was correlated with anthropometric measures, blood pressure, blood lipids, glucose, and insulin. Associations between physical activity and CVD risk factors were computed using by Spearman correlations. Bonferroni adjustment alpha = .003 was used to correct for multiple testing. RESULTS: A total of 261 girls participated, of which 208 had complete CVD risk measures (mean age 9.4 years, mean body mass index 20.7 kg/m2). Average daily physical activity and time spent in moderate-to-vigorous physical activity (MVPA) were significantly correlated with body mass index (r = -.23, P=.0008 and r = -.29, P<.0001, respectively) and insulin (r = -.27, P=.0001 and r = -.30, P<.0001, respectively) but not to other CVD factors. After adjusting for age-adjusted pubertal stage of development, the association between MVPA and insulin remained significant. CONCLUSIONS: Objective measures of both average daily physical activity and MVPA were inversely associated with body mass index and insulin levels in African American girls. FAU - Alhassan, Sofiya
Serum uric acid and blood pressure in children at cardiovascular risk.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Hyperuricemia has been shown to be a strong correlate of hypertension in children. However, the complex interaction between serum uric acid (UA), systemic blood pressure (BP), and possibly confounding factors has been elucidated only in part. METHODS: We evaluated office BP as well as clinical and biohumoral parameters in a cross-sectional cohort of 501 children (280 boys and 221 girls) aged between 6 and 18 years (mean = 10.8 years) consecutively referred for cardiovascular risk assessment. RESULTS: Overall, 156 (31.1%) were normotensive, 122 (24.4%) showed transient hypertension, 87 (17.4%) had prehypertension, and 136 (27.1%) had hypertension. Altogether 33.3% and 40.5% of the study group were overweight or obese, respectively. There was a trend toward greater weight and waist circumference and higher BMI, Homeostasis Model Assessment index, and UA levels as the BP categories rose. Moreover, the prevalence of pubertal children, obesity, and waist-to-height ratio above 0.50 progressively increased from lower to upper BP categories. After adjusting for puberty, gender, BMI (z-score), Homeostasis Model Assessment index, and renal function, UA was found to be directly related to systolic and diastolic BP values (P = .03). Using normotensive children for comparison, the risk of showing prehypertension or hypertension increased by at least 50% for each 1 mg/dL UA increase (P < .01), whereas it doubled for children in the top gender-specific UA quartile (P < .03). CONCLUSIONS: Increased UA levels showed an independent predictive power for the presence of higher BP levels among a cohort of children at relatively high cardiovascular risk. FAU - Viazzi, Francesca
The role of estrogen receptor-α and its activation function-1 for growth plate closure in female mice.$$$ High estradiol levels in late puberty induce growth plate closure and thereby cessation of growth in humans. In mice, the growth plates do not fuse after sexual maturation, but old mice display reduced longitudinal bone growth and high-dose estradiol treatment induces growth plate closure. Estrogen receptor (ER)-α stimulates gene transcription via two activation functions (AFs), AF-1 and AF-2. To evaluate the role of ERα and its AF-1 for age-dependent reduction in longitudinal bone growth and growth plate closure, female mice with inactivation of ERα (ERα(-/-)) or ERαAF-1 (ERαAF-1(0)) were evaluated. Old (16- to 19-mo-old) female ERα(-/-) mice showed continued substantial longitudinal bone growth, resulting in longer bones (tibia: +8.3%, P < 0.01) associated with increased growth plate height (+18%, P < 0.05) compared with wild-type (WT) mice. In contrast, the longitudinal bone growth ceased in old ERαAF-1(0) mice (tibia: -4.9%, P < 0.01). Importantly, the proximal tibial growth plates were closed in all old ERαAF-1(0) mice while they were open in all WT mice. Growth plate closure was associated with a significantly altered balance between chondrocyte proliferation and apoptosis in the growth plate. In conclusion, old female ERα(-/-) mice display a prolonged and enhanced longitudinal bone growth associated with increased growth plate height, resembling the growth phenotype of patients with inactivating mutations in ERα or aromatase. In contrast, ERαAF-1 deletion results in a hyperactive ERα, altering the chondrocyte proliferation/apoptosis balance, leading to growth plate closure. This suggests that growth plate closure is induced by functions of ERα that do not require AF-1 and that ERαAF-1 opposes growth plate closure. FAU - Börjesson, A E
Psychosexual and psychosocial functions of anorchid young adults.$$$ CONTEXT: Prenatal exposure of the male fetus to androgen at wk 8-24 of gestation is essential for expression of male sex-typed behaviors in later life. Another peak of testosterone in male infants is demonstrated 1-5 months postnatally. The significance of this postnatal testosterone on male sex-typed behaviors remains to be elucidated. Bilateral congenital anorchia represents an example of an individual lacking postnatal testosterone. If postnatal testosterone surge is critical for male sex-typed behaviors, differences should be seen in this group of patients in comparison with men with functioning testes. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to examine the psychosexual function of males with anorchia. DESIGN: This was a cross-sectional study. SETTING: The study was conducted at the Royal Children's Hospital, Melbourne, Australia, a referral center. PATIENTS AND INTERVENTIONS: Fifteen young male adults with anorchia and 15 healthy young males were enrolled in the study. All of them completed the same set of questionnaires evaluating general health and psychological health as well as sexuality. All had androgen replacement treatment to induce puberty and maintain adult androgen effect. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: General health, psychosocial, and psychosexual functionings according to the validated questionnaires were measured. RESULTS: There were no differences in age, education, marital status, and identified gender between subjects and controls. No significant differences of general health, psychosocial, and psychosexual functionings of the subjects with anorchia and healthy young adults were demonstrated. CONCLUSION: A postnatal testosterone surge does not seem to be critical for male-typed sexual behaviors in men with anorchia when adolescent testosterone replacement has occurred. FAU - Poomthavorn, Preamrudee
Effects of anorexia nervosa on clinical, hematologic, biochemical, and bone density parameters in community-dwelling adolescent girls.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Anorexia nervosa (AN) is an eating disorder that leads to a number of medical sequelae in adult women and has a mortality rate of 5.6% per decade; known complications include effects on hematologic, biochemical, bone density, and body composition parameters. Few data regarding medical and developmental consequences of AN are available for adolescents, in particular for an outpatient community-dwelling population of girls who have this disorder. The prevalence of AN is increasing in adolescents, and it is the third most common chronic disease in adolescent girls. Therefore, it is important to determine the medical effects of this disorder in this young population. METHODS: We examined clinical characteristics and performed hematologic, biochemical, hormonal, and bone density evaluations in 60 adolescent girls with AN (mean age: 15.8 +/- 1.6 years) and 58 healthy adolescent girls (mean age: 15.2 +/- 1.8 years) of comparable maturity. Nutritional and pubertal status; vital signs; a complete blood count; potassium levels; hormonal profiles; bone density at the lumbar and lateral spine; total body, hip, and femoral neck (by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry) and body composition (by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry) were determined. RESULTS: All measures of nutritional status such as weight, percentage of ideal body weight, body mass index, lean body mass, fat mass, and percentage of fat mass were significantly lower in girls with AN than in control subjects. Girls with AN had significantly lower heart rates, lower systolic blood pressure, and lower body temperature compared with control subjects. Total red cell and white cell counts were lower in AN than in control subjects. Among girls with AN, 22% were anemic and 22% were leukopenic. None were hypokalemic. Mean age at menarche did not differ between the groups. However, the proportion of girls who had AN and were premenarchal was significantly higher compared with healthy control subjects who were premenarchal, despite comparable maturity as determined by bone age. Ninety-four percent of premenarchal girls with AN versus 28% of premenarchal control subjects were above the mean age at menarche for white girls, and 35% of premenarchal AN girls versus 0% of healthy adolescents were delayed >2 SD above the mean. The ratio of bone age to chronological age, a measure of delayed maturity, was significantly lower in girls with AN versus control subjects and correlated positively with duration of illness and markers of nutritional status. Serum estradiol values were lower in girls with AN than in control subjects, and luteinizing hormone values trended lower in AN. Levels of insulin-like growth factor-I were also significantly lower in girls with AN. Estradiol values correlated positively with insulin-like growth factor-I, a measure of nutritional status essential for growth (r = 0.28). All measures of bone mineral density (z scores) were lower in girls with AN than in control subjects, with lean body mass, body mass index, and age at menarche emerging as the most important predictors of bone density. Bone density z scores of <-1 at any one site were noted in 41% of girls with AN, and an additional 11% had bone density z scores of <-2. CONCLUSIONS: A high prevalence of hemodynamic, hematologic, endocrine, and bone density abnormalities are reported in this large group of community-dwelling adolescent girls with AN. Although a number of these consequences of AN are known to occur in hospitalized adolescents, the occurrence of these findings, including significant bradycardia, low blood pressure, and pubertal delay, in girls who are treated for AN on an outpatient basis is of concern and suggests the need for vigilant clinical monitoring, including that of endocrine and bone density parameters. FAU - Misra, Madhusmita
The growth hormone receptor exon 3-deleted/full-length polymorphism and response to growth hormone therapy in prepubertal idiopathic short children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The primary aim of the study was to evaluate d3-GHR as a possible cause of increased GH sensitivity in children with delayed infancy-childhood transition (DICT). The secondary aim was to investigate the impact of the GHR exon 3 deleted/full-length (d3/fl) polymorphism on GH treatment response in prepubertal children classified as having idiopathic short stature (ISS). DESIGN: Study subjects included 167 prepubescent longitudinally followed children classified as having ISS. Children were randomized to standard-dose GH treatment (33 μg kg(-1) day(-1)), to double-dose treatment (67 μg kg(-1) day(-1)), or to an untreated control group. Growth and metabolic outcome were evaluated at birth (n = 166), after one year of treatment (n = 59) and at adult height (n = 145). Genotyping of the GHR d3/fl polymorphism was performed using TaqMan SNP genotyping of tagSNP rs6873545. RESULTS: Birth and early growth data did not reach the predetermined level of statistical significance for difference between genotypes. Growth and IGF-1 response after one year of GH treatment did not differ between genotypes. IGFBP-3SDS was higher in untreated d3-GHR carriers than in untreated fl/fl individuals, whereas there was insufficient evidence for higher IGFBP-3SDS in treated d3-GHR carriers. Genotype did not explain the growth response to treatment, and no differences in heightSDS, height gain, or difference in height to midparental heightSDS between genotype groups were found at adult height. CONCLUSION: The common GHR d3/fl polymorphism is probably not a cause of DICT in children with ISS, and our results do not suggest that the d3-GHR genotype is associated with increased sensitivity to GH in children with ISS.
Insulin resistance is associated with smaller brain volumes in a preliminary study of depressed and obese children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: During childhood, the brain can consume up to 65% of total calories, and a steady supply of the brain's main fuel glucose needs to be maintained. Although the brain itself is not dependent on insulin for the uptake of glucose, insulin plays an important role in energy homeostasis. Thus, the risk for insulin resistance during brain development may negatively impact the whole brain volume. METHODS: We investigated the link between the insulin resistance and the whole brain volume as measured by structural Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in 46 unmedicated depressed and overweight youths between the ages of 9 and 17 years. RESULTS: Smaller whole brain volumes were associated with insulin resistance independent of age, sex, depression severity, body mass index, socioeconomic status, Tanner Stage, and Intelligence quotient (IQ) (r = 0.395, P = .014) CONCLUSIONS: There may be a significant cost for developing insulin resistance on the developing brain. Disentangling the precise relationship between the insulin resistance and the developing brain is critical.
Genetic Regulation of Female Sexual Maturation and Longevity Through Circulating IGF1.$$$ We previously reported that insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF1) was involved in coregulating female sexual maturation and longevity. To understand the underlying genetic mechanisms, based on the strain survey assays of development and aging traits, we crossed two mouse strains, KK/HIJ and PL/J, and produced 307 female F2 mice. We observed the age of vaginal patency (AVP) and the life span of these females. We also measured circulating IGF1 level at 7, 16, 24, 52, and 76 weeks. IGF1 level at 7 weeks significantly correlated with AVP. IGF1 levels at ages of 52 and 76 weeks negatively correlated with longevity (p ≤ .05). A gene mapping study found 22, 4 ,and 3 quantitative trait loci for IGF1, AVP, and life span, respectively. Importantly, the colocalization of IGF1, AVP, and life span quantitative trait loci in the distal region of chromosome 2 suggests this locus carries gene(s) that could regulate IGF1, AVP, and life span. In this region, proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 2 has been found to be associated with female sexual maturation in a human genome-wide association study. We verified the roles of proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 2 in regulating IGF1 and AVP by showing that depletion of proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 2 significantly reduced IGF1 and delayed AVP in mice, suggesting that it also might be involved in the regulation of aging.
Serum levels of insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) in healthy infants, children, and adolescents: the relation to IGF-I, IGF-II, IGFBP-1, IGFBP-2, age, sex, body mass index, and pubertal maturation.$$$ Circulating IGF-I and -II are bound to specific insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-binding proteins (IGFBPs), of which IGFBP-3 binds the majority of the IGFs. IGFBP-3 levels are regulated by GH and have been suggested to provide additional information on GH secretory capacity compared to IGF-I. However, the diagnostic value of IGFBP-3 is still controversial, perhaps because the quality of the available normative data for IGFBP-3 varies. It has recently been shown that a large number of individuals is required to establish reference ranges for IGF-I that take into account age, sex, body mass index (BMI), and pubertal stage. Therefore, we measured IGFBP-3, IGF-I, IGF-II, IGFBP-1, and IGFBP-2 levels by RIA in 907 healthy children to establish well characterized normative data on IGFBP-3 according to age, sex, and pubertal stage and to study the complex relationship between IGFs and their BPs in puberty. We found that IGFBP-3 levels increase with age in children, with maximal levels in puberty; girls experience peak values approximately 1 yr earlier than boys. Age, sex, height, BMI, and pubertal maturation were all important factors in determining the circulating levels of IGFBP-3, whereas IGF-I levels were unaffected by BMI. Comparison of IGFBP-3 with IGF-1 concentrations revealed that they did not exhibit the same developmental pattern in puberty. IGF-I levels increased to relatively higher levels than IGFBP-3, leading to an increasing molar ratio between IGF-I and IGFBP-3 in puberty, when growth velocity is high. Concomitantly, IGF-II and IGFBP-2 levels were unchanged throughout puberty, whereas IGFBP-1 levels declined with age in prepubertal children, with lowest values in puberty. There was a highly significant correlation between IGF-I and -II and IGFBP-3 on a molar basis (r = 0.84; P < 0.0001). Thus, we speculate that IGFBP-3 is pivotal for circulating IGF bioactivity and that the increase in the molar ratio between IGF-I and IGFBP-3 reflects an increase in free, biologically active IGF-I. In conclusion, we have provided normative data on a large group of healthy individuals and conclude that age, sex, height, BMI, and pubertal maturation have to be taken into account before a single IGFBP-3 value in a growth-retarded child can be evaluated properly. FAU - Juul, A
The correlation of right 2D:4D finger length ratio to the low-grade inflammation marker IL-6 in children. The Healthy Growth Study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Second to fourth digit ratio (2D:4D) is associated with cardiometabolic risk in adults. AIM: To examine the association of right 2D:4D with cardiovascular disease risk factors in children. STUDY DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SUBJECTS: A sample of 301 children (53.5% girls) aged 9-13 in Greece and their parents. Children who were sick during the previous week of examination (n=44) were excluded from the analyses. OUTCOME MEASURES: Socio-demographic (gestational age, birth weight, age, gender, maternal education level), anthropometric (body weight and height, finger length), clinical (pubertal stage, sickness during the previous week of the examination), blood [serum high sensitivity C-reactive protein (CRP), serum high sensitivity interleukin-6 (IL-6), serum leptin], lifestyle (dietary intake, maternal smoking during pregnancy) and physical fitness (handgrip strength) data were collected. CRP, IL-6 and leptin were measured with ELISA, using standard equipment and procedures, in accordance with manufacturers' instructions. RESULTS: Full data were available for 257 children (52.1% girls). The rank values of right 2D:4D and IL-6 were included in the analyses. Right 2D:4D was correlated only with IL-6 at a bivariate level (r=0.216, p=0.012) in girls. At a linear multivariate level, this association remained significant, even after adjusting for several potential confounders such as age, Tanner stage, maternal education level, body mass index, maternal smoking during pregnancy, duration of pregnancy, protein-, carbohydrate-, fat-intake and physical fitness (β±SE=0.220±0.066, p=0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Right 2D:4D was found to be associated with IL-6 in girls. Right 2D:4D may be a valuable, simple screening tool of low-grade inflammation in children.
Adiponectin in childhood and adolescent obesity and its association with inflammatory markers and components of the metabolic syndrome.$$$ CONTEXT: Adiponectin levels are lower in obese children and adolescents, whereas markers of inflammation and proinflammatory cytokines are higher. Hypoadiponectinemia may contribute to the low-grade systemic chronic inflammatory state associated with childhood obesity. OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether C-reactive protein (CRP), the prototype of inflammation, is related to adiponectin levels independently of insulin resistance and adiposity. DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS, AND MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: In a multiethnic cohort of 589 obese children and adolescents, we administered a standard oral glucose tolerance test and obtained baseline measurements for adiponectin, plasma lipid profile, CRP, IL-6, and leptin. RESULTS: Stratifying the cohort into quartiles of adiponectin levels and adjusting for potential confounding variables, such as age, gender, ethnicity, body mass index z-score, pubertal status, and insulin sensitivity, the present study revealed that low levels of adiponectin are associated not only with higher CRP levels, but also with components of the metabolic syndrome, such as low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and a high triglyceride-to-high-density-lipoprotein ratio. CONCLUSIONS: The link between adiponectin levels and a strong marker of inflammation, CRP, is independent of insulin resistance and adiposity in obese children and adolescents. Adiponectin may be one of the signals linking inflammation and obesity. Thus, adiponectin may function as a biomarker of the metabolic syndrome in childhood obesity. FAU - Winer, Jeffrey C
The Prospective Association of Organized Sports Participation With Cardiovascular Disease Risk in Children (the CHAMPS Study-DK).$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the prospective association of organized leisure-time sports participation with cardiovascular risk in children. METHODS: Students were recruited from 10 public primary schools. From July 2009 to October 2010, parents reported children's weekly organized leisure-time sports participation via text messaging. Clustered cardiovascular risk was estimated with a composite score comprising fasting serum triglyceride levels, homeostasis assessment model-estimated insulin resistance, total to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio, and systolic blood pressure. Additional outcomes were body mass index categories and fasting serum insulin and glucose concentrations. Associations were explored with generalized estimating equations and reported with beta coefficients (β) and percent difference per weekly sports session or incidence rate ratios. All models were adjusted for baseline values and other potential confounders. RESULTS: In total, 1197 children (53% female) with a mean age of 8.4±1.4 years were included. Participating in sports for 53 weeks was associated with lower clustered cardiovascular risk (β, -0.25; 95% CI, -0.41 to -0.10; percent difference, 3.2%; 95% CI, 5.2%-1.3%). Similar outcomes were observed for log homeostasis assessment model-estimated insulin resistance (β, -0.08; 95% CI, -0.12 to -0.04; percent difference, 3.4%; 5.1%-1.7%) and log insulin (β, -0.07; 95% CI, -0.11 to -0.04; percent difference, 2.6%; 95% CI, 4.0%-1.5%). Sports participation was associated with a 20% decreased risk of overweight/obesity (incidence rate ratio, 0.78; 95% CI, 0.64-0.96). CONCLUSION: Participating in organized leisure-time sports for approximately 1 year is associated with decreased clustered cardiovascular risk in children. These findings show that participating in youth sports may be an effective strategy to reduce cardiovascular risk in children.
Assessment of Microvascular Function in Children and Adolescents with Diabetes and Obesity.$$$ BACKGROUND: Endothelial dysfunction (ED) is a marker of vascular damage. Glycated hemoglobin (A1C) predicts vascular complications. The EndoPAT (peripheral arterial tonometry) device calculates the reactive hyperemic index (RHI), a measure of endothelial function. The greater the vasodilation, the higher the RHI. We hypothesized that children with poorly-controlled diabetes mellitus (DM) and non-diabetes mellitus (NDM) obese children have ED. METHODS: A cross-sectional study using the EndoPAT device was performed on children with poorly-controlled DM and NDM children. ANOVA, t-test, Mann-Whitney U test, multiple linear regression and Spearman correlation were used. RESULTS: Of 58 children that completed the study (aged 13.1 ± 3.42 years), 33 with type 1 diabetes (T1DM), 8 with type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and 17 were NDM obese children. Eighty-five percent were African-American, 60% were female and 79% entered puberty. The RHI of children with DM (1.42 ± 0.48) versus NDM obese group (1.40 ± 0.34) was not different (P = 0.86) regardless of the type of DM or body mass index. In the DM group, for every 1% increase in latest A1C, the RHI decreased by 0.097 (P = 0.01) after adjusting for age, gender, and type of DM. The RHI of DM patients with latest A1C of < 10% (1.70 ± 0.58) versus those with A1C ≥10% (1.21 ± 0.19) was statistically different (P = 0.02). In the total study population, males had significantly lower RHI (1.28 ± 0.36) when compared to females (1.51 ± 0.46), P = 0.04 but this difference disappeared when considering pubertal status and type of diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Our data showed that patients with poorly-controlled DM as reflected by latest A1C of ≥ 10% had worse endothelial function as reflected by lower RHI score.
Milk, rather than other foods, is associated with vertebral bone mass and circulating IGF-1 in female adolescents.$$$ SUMMARY: Low calcium intake hampers bone mineral acquisition in adolescent girls. This study explores dietary calcium sources and nutrients possibly associated with vertebral mass. Milk intake is not influenced by genetic variants of the lactase gene and is positively associated with serum IGF-1 and with lumbar vertebrae mineral content and density. INTRODUCTION: Low calcium intake hampers bone mineral acquisition during adolescence. We identified calcium sources and nutrients possibly associated with lumbar bone mineralization and calcium metabolism in adolescent girls and evaluated the possible influence of a genetic polymorphic trait associated with adult-type hypolactasia. METHODS: Lumbar bone mineral content (BMC), bone mineral density (BMD), and area, circulating IGF-1, markers of bone metabolism, and -13910 LCT (lactase gene) polymorphism; and intakes of milk, dairy products, calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, proteins, and energy were evaluated in 192 healthy adolescent girls. RESULTS: After menarche, BMC, BMD, serum IGF-1, and serum PTH were tightly associated with milk consumption, but not with other calcium sources. All four parameters were also associated with phosphorus, magnesium, protein, and energy from milk, but not from other sources. Girls with milk intakes below 55 mL/day have significantly lower BMD, BMC, and IGF-1 and higher PTH compared to girls consuming over 260 mL/day. Neither BMC, BMD, calcium intakes, nor milk consumption were associated with -13910 LCT polymorphism. CONCLUSIONS: Milk consumption, preferably to other calcium sources, is associated with lumbar BMC and BMD in postmenarcheal girls. Aside from being a major source of calcium, milk provides phosphates, magnesium, proteins, and as yet unidentified nutrients likely to favor bone health. FAU - Esterle, L
Insulin resistance in HIV-infected youth is associated with decreased mitochondrial respiration.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To identify relationships between insulin resistance (IR) and mitochondrial respiration in perinatally HIV-infected youth. DESIGN: Case-control study. METHODS: Mitochondrial respiration was assessed in perinatally HIV-infected youth in Tanner stages 2-5, 25 youth with IR (IR+) and 50 without IR (IR-) who were enrolled in the Pediatric HIV/AIDS Cohort Study. IR was defined as a homeostatic model of assessment for IR value at least 4.0. A novel, high-throughput oximetry method was used to evaluate cellular respiration in peripheral blood mononuclear cells. Unadjusted and adjusted differences in mitochondrial respiration markers between IR+ and IR- were evaluated, as were correlations between mitochondrial respiration markers and biochemical measurements. RESULTS: IR+ and IR- youth were similar on age, sex, and race/ethnicity. Mean age was 16.5 and 15.6 years in IR+ and IR-, respectively. The IR+ group had significantly higher mean BMI and metabolic analytes (fasting glucose, insulin, cholesterol, triglycerides, and venous lactate and pyruvate) compared with the IR-. Mitochondrial respiration markers were, on average, lower in the IR+ compared with IR-, including basal respiration (417.5 vs. 597.5 pmol, P = 0.074), ATP production (11 513 vs. 15 202 pmol, P = 0.078), proton leak (584.6 vs. 790.0 pmol, P = 0.033), maximal respiration (1815 vs. 2399 pmol, P = 0.025), and spare respiration capacity (1162 vs. 2017 pmol, P = 0.032). Nonmitochondrial respiration did not differ by IR status. The results did not change when adjusted for age. CONCLUSION: HIV-infected youth with IR have lower mitochondrial respiration markers when compared to youth without IR. Disordered mitochondrial respiration may be a potential mechanism for IR in this population. FAU - Takemoto, Jody K
Effect of puberty on body composition.$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Here we examine the effect of puberty on components of human body composition, including adiposity (total body fat, percentage body fat and fat distribution), lean body mass and bone mineral content and density. New methods and longitudinal studies have expended our knowledge of these remarkable changes. RECENT FINDINGS: Human differences in adiposity, fat free mass and bone mass reflect differences in endocrine status (particularly with respect to estrogens, androgens, growth hormone and IGF-1), genetic factors, ethnicity and the environment. During puberty, males gain greater amounts of fat free mass and skeletal mass, whereas females acquire significantly more fat mass. Both genders reach peak bone accretion during the pubertal years, though males develop a greater skeletal mass. Body proportions and fat distribution change during the pubertal years as well, with males assuming a more android body shape and females assuming a more gynecoid shape. Pubertal body composition may predict adult body composition and affects both pubertal timing and future health. SUMMARY: Sexual dimorphism exists to a small degree at birth, but striking differences develop during the pubertal years. The development of this dimorphism in body composition is largely regulated by endocrine factors, with critical roles played by growth hormone and gonadal steroids. It is important for clinicians and researchers to know the normal changes in order to address pathologic findings in disease states. FAU - Loomba-Albrecht, Lindsey A
Clinical and metabolic presentation of the lipodystrophic syndrome in HIV-infected children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate body fat distribution and glucose and lipid metabolism in HIV-infected children with the aim of describing the lipodystrophic syndrome in children. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study including 39 HIV-infected children aged 3-18 years. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Clinical lipodystrophy was defined as peripheral fat wasting (facial and/or buttock and/or limb atrophy with arm skinfold thickness lower than the third percentile of the reference values for sex and age) and/or truncal adiposity (breast enlargement and/or buffalo neck and/or relative abdominal obesity with trunk : arm skinfold ratio > 2 standard deviations). Fasting serum lipid concentrations were measured and an oral glucose tolerance test was performed. RESULTS: Of 39 HIV-infected children, lipodystrophy was observed in 13 children (33.3%): eight with truncal lipohypertrophy, three with peripheral lipoatrophy and two with combined lipodystrophy. Combined lipodystrophies were observed only in adolescents with a more severe presentation than in prepubertal children. Lipodystrophic children had higher fasting insulinaemia (7.0+/-8.5 versus 3.0+/-2.3 microU/ml; P = 0.07), suggesting a certain degree of insulin-resistance. Hypercholesterolaemia (23% versus 15%; P = 0.59 ) and hypertriglyceridaemia (15% versus 11%; P = 0.76) were observed with the same proportion in the lipodystrophic as in the non-lipodystrophic groups; 23% of the non-lipodystrophic children had dyslipidaemia. CONCLUSION: The lipodystrophic syndrome prevails in HIV-infected children in the three clinical forms initially described in adults but appears less severe before the initiation of puberty. Insulin-resistance occurs in lipodystrophic children only, whereas dyslipidaemia exists in non-lipodystrophic children as well, suggesting that dyslipidaemia could reflect subclinical alteration of the adipose tissue. FAU - Jaquet, D
Coexistence of endocrinopathies in children with rheumatic diseases.$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: To examine the frequency of endocrinopathies in children with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and juvenile idiopathic arthritis (JIA). DESIGN AND SETTING: A cross-sectional study. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A study was conducted in Saudi children with SLE and JIA who were seen at King Faisal Specialist Hospital and Research Centre, Riyadh, between September 2013 and April 2015. All enrolled patients completed the clinical evaluation, which included information about family history of autoimmune disease, growth parameters and tanner stage, as well as the following assessments: vitamin D profile (parathyroid hormone and 25-OH vitamin D levels), TSH, FT4 and total T3, thyroglobulin antibodies, thyroperoxidase antibodies, random blood sugar, Hb(A1C), IGF(1), IGF(BP-3), LH, and FSH. RESULTS: A total of 42 patients, 22 with JIA and 20 with SLE, were included in the study. The mean participant age was 12.2 ± 5.3 years with a mean disease duration of 3.2 ± 3.4 years. Female gender was predominant (17 SLE, 13 JIA) in the patient population. Fifteen patients (35.7%) presented with a family history of autoimmune disease. The most frequently detected endocrinopathies were vitamin D insufficiency (35%) and thyroid disease (31%). Eight JIA patients and 7 SLE patients exhibited low vitamin D levels; 10 patients presented with hyperparathyroidism. Thyroid dysfunction was observed in 13 patients (8 SLE, 5 JIA), and 2 patients were found to be euthyroid (normal TSH, FT4) with positive thyroid autoantibodies. Furthermore, 7 patients presented with subclinical hypothyroidism (high TSH, normal FT4), and 4 patients presented with overt hypothyroidism (high TSH, low FT4). Seven patients (4 SLE and 3 JIA) presented with short stature due to growth hormone insufficiency (low IGF(1), IGF(BP-3)). Two patients exhibited delayed puberty accompanied by low LH levels. Diabetes mellitus was more frequently observed in patients with JIA (4 patients) than in patients with SLE (1 patient). CONCLUSION: Our findings demonstrated that coexistence of endocrinopathies is not uncommon in children diagnosed with JIA and SLE. Abnormal thyroid function occurs frequently and at a similar rate in children diagnosed with SLE and JIA. Thus, screening for endocrinopathies, namely thyroid disease, during the assessment of childhood SLE and JIA is worth consideration. FAU - Alhomaidah, Doha
Alterations in markers of bone metabolism and adipokines following a 3-month lifestyle intervention induced weight loss in obese prepubertal children.$$$ BACKGROUND: Adipokines may influence bone metabolism in children, but this phenomenon is not well understood. Therefore, we studied the relationships between bone markers and adipokines during weight loss in obese children. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We determined serum leptin, soluble leptin receptor (sOB-R), adiponectin, BALP (bone alkaline phosphatase), CTX-I (C-terminal telopeptide of type I collagen), body composition and bone mineral density (by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry) in 100 obese prepubertal children before and after 3 months of lifestyle intervention (low-energy diet, physical activity). The control group consisted of 70 non-obese children. RESULTS: Obese children had higher BALP activity by about 20% (p<0.001) and similar value of CTX-I compared with non-obese children. After weight loss (-0.96 BMI-SDS mean change), the BALP value in obese patients decreased (p<0.001), whereas CTX-I concentration was unchanged. Changes in BALP were positively correlated with changes in BMI (Body Mass Index) (r=0.352, p<0.001), but not associated with adipokine levels. Trend analysis using SDS-BMI subgroups showed that greater reduction of body mass was associated with a greater decrease of BALP (p=0.035) and leptin values (p<0.001), as well as a greater increase of sOB-R (p<0.003). CONCLUSIONS: Obesity during the prepubertal period is associated with an alteration in the adipokines profile and greater whole-body bone mass as a result of increased bone formation rather than reduced bone resorption. Changes in bone metabolism during lifestyle intervention seem to be related to weight loss but not to changes in adipokines. Further studies should elucidate the influence of long-term therapy on bone mass in childhood.
Increased intake of carbohydrates from sources with a higher glycemic index and lower consumption of whole grains during puberty are prospectively associated with higher IL-6 concentrations in younger adulthood among healthy individuals.$$$ Chronic low-grade inflammation represents a likely intermediary in the relation between carbohydrate nutrition and both type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. This study assessed the prospective association between carbohydrate quantity and quality [dietary glycemic index (GI), glycemic load (GL), and added sugar, fiber, and whole-grain intake] during puberty, a potentially critical period for later disease, and low-grade inflammation in younger adulthood. The analysis was based on 205 participants (113 girls and 92 boys) from the DONALD (Dortmund Nutritional and Anthropometric Longitudinally Designed) study with at least 2 3-d weighed dietary records during puberty (girls: 9-14 y, boys: 10-15 y) and blood samples in younger adulthood (18-36 y). Multivariable linear regression models were used to analyze the associations between carbohydrate nutrition and circulating concentrations of pro- and anti-inflammatory immune mediators [high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), interleukin (IL) 6, IL-18, and adiponectin]. A higher intake of carbohydrates during puberty (P-trend = 0.005), particularly from higher-GI food sources (P-trend = 0.01), was prospectively related to higher concentrations of IL-6 in younger adulthood, independently of baseline BMI and early life, socioeconomic, and other nutritional factors. Furthermore, a higher dietary GL (P-trend = 0.002) and a lower intake of whole grains (P-trend = 0.01) were independently associated with higher IL-6 concentrations in adults. Dietary GI and added sugar and fiber intakes were not independently associated with IL-6 (P-trend ≥ 0.09). Carbohydrate nutrition during puberty was not independently related to hs-CRP, IL-18, and adiponectin concentrations (all P-trend > 0.1). During puberty, a higher intake of carbohydrates from higher-GI food sources and lower whole-grain consumption prospectively predict greater IL-6 concentrations in young adulthood. These data support the hypothesis that diet during puberty influences later inflammation and metabolic dysfunction.
Does early physical maturity influence breast cancer risk?$$$ Earlier onset of menarche and tallness in adult women are mainly confirmed as risk markers for breast cancer. Recent disparate case-control studies have reported abdominal-type obesity and higher circulating levels of insulin, testosterone and insulin-like growth factor 1, to be further risk markers for breast cancer. There is evidence that abdominal-type obesity is recognisable in girls even before puberty, and disparate studies have shown it to be correlated with earlier onset of menarche, insulin resistance leading to hyperinsulinaemia, and an abnormal sex steroid profile. The implications are that earlier onset of puberty in a subset of girls can lead to more prolonged exposure of developing breast tissue to an abnormal sex steroid profile and also to a higher circulating level of insulin. It is postulated that these metabolic/endocrine concomitants of abdominal-type obesity could play a role in promoting mammary carcinogenesis at a young age, particularly if genetic predisposition is present. FAU - Stoll, B A
Sexual precocity in association with septo-optic dysplasia and hypothalamic hypopituitarism.$$$ Sexual precocity in association with abnormalities of the central nervous system is well known, but its occurrence with hypothalamic hypopituitarism is most unusual. We report five females with septo-optic dysplasia, blindness, and multiple pituitary tropic hormone deficiencies: all were growth hormone and adrenocorticotropic hormone deficient; two had diabetes insipidus; one had sexual precocity, and one had early pubertal maturation, whereas three were prepubertal and responded to administration of synthetic gonadotropin-releasing hormone. These children retained ability to secrete gonadotropins despite the presence of anterior hypothalamic disease. Experimental data from primates plus our observations on these patients raise questions about the role of the anterior hypothalamus in gonadotropin secretion in man. FAU - Huseman, C A
Insulin-like growth factor-I and growth in height, leg length, and trunk length between ages 5 and 10 years.$$$ OBJECTIVE: IGF-I, a major regulator of childhood growth, is also associated with the risk of several cancers in adult life. Adult height and particularly leg length are also associated with cancer risk. Prepubertal growth is more in leg than trunk length, and it has been suggested that leg length might be a biomarker of childhood IGF-I. However, there is little information on the association between childhood IGF-I and subsequent leg and trunk growth. In this study, we investigated the association of IGF-I measured at 5 and 7-8 yr with growth in height and the components of height (leg and trunk length) from 5 yr to 9-10 yr. PARTICIPANTS: A total of 675 children participated in the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children. RESULTS: IGF-I was strongly positively associated with growth in height in both sexes. Among boys, IGF-I was strongly associated with subsequent growth in both leg and trunk length, but there was no evidence that IGF-I was more strongly associated with one component of growth than the other. Among girls, IGF-I was strongly positively associated with growth in trunk but not leg length, although there was only weak evidence that these two associations differed in strength (P = 0.058). CONCLUSIONS: These results support the contention that the associations between height and cancer may be mediated by variation in childhood IGF-I. However, they provide no evidence to support the hypothesis that leg length is a better biomarker of childhood IGF-I levels than trunk length. FAU - Rogers, Imogen
Adrenal hyperandrogenism in adolescent girls with a history of low birthweight and precocious pubarche.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Girls with precocious pubarche (PP) are at increased risk for ovarian dysfunction, hyperinsulinism and dyslipidaemia in adolescence, in particular when PP is preceded by reduced fetal growth. However, it is not known whether PP girls still have adrenal hyperandrogenism after puberty and if so, which fraction of PP girls develops so-called functional adrenal hyperandrogenism (FAH), an entity characterized by ACTH-dependent 17-ketosteroid excess. PATIENTS AND DESIGN: Data were longitudinally collected from 47 girls with PP: at birth (weight for gestational age), at diagnosis of PP (age 6.7+/- 1.1 years) and in adolescence (age 15.0+/-1.9 years). MEASUREMENTS: Serum dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate (DHEAS) and androstenedione were measured at PP diagnosis, as well as the 17-hydroxyprogesterone (17-OHP) response to ACTH; postpubertal evaluation included assessment of adrenal and ovarian function, and of insulin responses to a glucose load. PP girls were considered to have FAH in adolescence if both DHEA and androstenedione responses to ACTH were excessive (> 1500 ng/dl and > 350 ng/dl, respectively). RESULTS: At diagnosis of PP, girls had high DHEAS and androstenedione levels, as well as high 17-OHP responses to ACTH. In adolescence, PP girls had a normal BMI, presented with mild hirsutism and had high baseline and post-ACTH concentrations of most adrenal androgens, low SHBG levels and tended to have hyperinsulinemia and to present biological signs of ovarian hyperandrogenism. More than a third of the PP cohort developed FAH in adolescence. Neither baseline DHEAS, androstenedione, nor post-ACTH 17-OHP values at diagnosis of PP predicted the development of FAH in adolescence. In PP girls, only a low weight at birth was found to be significantly associated with subsequent FAH. CONCLUSIONS: These longitudinal findings in girls with PP point to the possibility of an endocrine sequence of prenatal onset: low weight at birth, PP in childhood and adrenal hyperandrogenism in adolescence. The pathophysiological mechanisms underpinning this newly recognized sequence remain to be identified. FAU - Ibáñez, L
Can waist circumference identify children with the metabolic syndrome?$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine in children the association between waist circumference (WC) and insulin resistance determined by homeostasis modeling (HOMA-IR) and proinsulinemia and components of the metabolic syndrome, including lipid profile and blood pressure (BP). METHODS: Eighty-four students (40 boys) aged 6 to 13 years and matched for sex and age underwent anthropometric measurements; 40 were obese; 28, overweight; and 16, nonobese. Body mass index (BMI), WC, BP, and Tanner stage were determined. An oral glucose tolerance test, lipid profile, and insulin and proinsulin assays were performed. Children were classified as nonobese (BMI < 85th percentile), overweight (BMI, 85th-94th percentile), and obese (BMI > or = 95th percentile). RESULTS: There was univariate association (P < .01) between WC and height (r = 0.73), BMI (r = 0.96), Tanner stage (r = 0.67), age (r = 0.56), systolic BP (r = 0.64), diastolic BP (r = 0.61), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level (r = 0.45), triglyceride level (r = 0.28), proinsulin level (r = 0.59), and HOMA-IR (r = 0.59). Multiple linear regression analysis using HOMA-IR as the dependent variable showed that WC (beta coefficient = 0.050 [95% confidence interval, 0.028 to 0.073]; P = .001) and systolic BP (beta coefficient = 0.033 [95% confidence interval, 0.004 to 0.062]; P = .004) were significant independent predictors for insulin resistance adjusted for diastolic BP, height, BMI, acanthosis nigricans, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level. CONCLUSION: Waist circumference is a predictor of insulin resistance syndrome in children and adolescents and could be included in clinical practice as a simple tool to help identify children at risk. FAU - Hirschler, Valeria
[Relation of the secretion of growth hormone (GH), somatomedin C/IGF I (IGF I) and steroids before and after the beginning of puberty in patients of short stature].$$$ Somatomedin C/IGF I, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHAS), testosterone (T) or estradiol (E2) have been measured in 154 patients of a previous study in which growth hormone (GH) responses to classical pharmacologic stimuli and spontaneous growth hormone secretion during sleep were compared in short children before and at the beginning of puberty. Five groups were identified: Group I, normal growth hormone secreting children; group II, completely growth hormone deficient; group III, partially growth hormone deficient; group IV, with normal sleep secretion and low responses to stimuli; group V, with the reverse situation. The somatomedin C/IGF I levels were widely dispersed. In group I, the mean +/- SEM levels of somatomedin C/IGF I were 0.77 +/- 0.047 U/ml before puberty and 1.36 +/- 0.142 U/ml in early pubertal patients, with a relation to age (r = 0.52, p less than 0.001). The difference between prepubertal and pubertal patients was significant. In groups II to V, there was no pubertal rise of somatomedin C/IGF I. In group II, the mean IGF I level was 0.48 +/- 0.05 U/ml, significantly lower than in prepubertal patients of group I. In groups III, IV and V, it was 0.7 +/- 0.069 U/ml, 0.8 +/- 0.059 U/ml, and 0.73 +/- 0.059 U/ml respectively, not different from prepubertal patients of group I, but significantly lower than in early pubertal patients of the same group. In prepubertal patients, somatomedin C/IGFI was slightly but highly significantly correlated to the growth hormone sleep secretion (r = 0.27, p less than 0.001) and to dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (r = 0.36, p less than 0.001), but growth hormone and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate were not correlated together.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS) FAU - Garnier, P
Androgens regulate circulating levels of insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I and IGF binding protein-3 during puberty in male baboons.$$$ To examine the role of androgens in initiating the pubertal rise in circulating insulin-like factor-I (IGF-I) levels, a longitudinal study of puberty in 13 male hamadryas baboons was conducted over 3 yr. The five control baboons commenced puberty (initial testicular enlargement) at a mean +/- SE age of 4.2 +/- 0.4 yr. Another eight baboons were castrated prepubertally; of those four received testosterone pellets (dose equivalent: 12.5-50 mg every 6 weeks) implanted se from the time of puberty. Body weight, crown-rump length, and limb length measurements, synchronized to pubertal onset, suggest that a pubertal growth spurt occurs in male baboons. Control baboons had a marked rise (4- to 5-fold; P < 0.0001) in circulating IGF-I levels; maximum IGF-I levels (168 +/- 9 nmol/L) were reached 42 months after the onset of puberty (mean chronological age 7.5 yr). Castrated baboons had no significant rise in IGF-I levels, however, administration of testosterone resulted in a close approximation of the normal pubertal rise in IGF-I (maximum values 140 +/- 8 nmol/L), confirmed by comparison of fitted sigmoid curves (r2 > 0.99; chronological age ED50 controls, 4.4 +/- 0.1 yr and castrate + testosterone, 4.3 +/- 0.1 yr). Serum IGF binding protein-3 levels paralleled the rise in IGF-I consistent with a common regulatory mechanism. In another study, castration of four sexually mature male baboons aged 11.12 +/- 1.16 yr had no effect on serum IGF-I levels (P = 0.5). This indicates that androgens are the predominant determinant of circulating IGF-I in the male baboon, and that this is an uniquely pubertal phenomenon. FAU - Crawford, B A
[The impact of prolactinoma in human reproduction].$$$ AIMS: Prolactinomas represent a 60% of pituitary tumors with various symptoms, hormonal and reproductive abnormalities. OBJECTIVE: Assessment of epidemiology of prolactinomas in our hospital. PATIENTS AND METHOD: We reviewed the clinical charts of 32 patients seen throughout 1991-2001. RESULTS: Twenty seven patients (84%) were females and 5 (16%) males. Average age was 30.3 +/- SD 11.3 years with a range of 6 to 58 years. Menstrual irregularities was the most frequent finding in patients with micro and macroadenoma; infertility was seen in 4 (33%) patients with pituitary microadenoma and 2 (10%) with macroadenoma. A patient with macroadenoma had delayed puberty and another with microadenoma isosexual precocious puberty. All cases showed hyperprolactinemia (microadenomas x 94.5 +/- SD 96.4 ng/mL; macroadenomas x 108.8 +/- SD 79.4 ng/mL). Hypothyroidism and hypogonadal hypogonadotropism were the most common associated diagnoses before an after treatment for both groups. Radiologic presence of microadenoma was observed in 12 (38%) patients and in 20 (26%) with macroadenoma. Bitemporal hemianopsia was the most common finding during visual field evaluation (28% microadenoma, 44% macroadenoma). Pharmacologic treatment with bromocriptine (2.5 - 7.5 mg) prevailed and showed a major impact upon symptoms improvement and significant decrease of serum prolactin levels (p < 0.05). Only five patients out of 20 who underwent surgery developed transient diabetes insipidus. Tumor relapse was observed in 10 (63%) of 16 patients with macroadenomas that required surgery. CONCLUSIONS: In our study prolactinomas prevailed among females in reproductive age with a higher incidence of macroadenomas. The most common alterations related to reproductive tract were menstrual irregularities, galactorrhea, infertility, hyperprolactinemia, hypogonadism and hypothyroidism. Abnormalities of puberty were also seen. Treatment with dopaminergic agonists (bromocriptine) was highly effective to decrease prolactin circulating levels. FAU - Hurtado Amador, Ricardo
Evidence for genomic and nongenomic actions of estrogen in growth plate regulation in female and male rats at the onset of sexual maturation.$$$ Recently, both estrogen receptor (ER) alpha and beta were detected in growth plate chondrocytes of rats before sexual maturation, implying a role for estrogen at this stage. In this study, therefore, we investigated the effects of ovariectomy (OVX) or estrogen supplementation on parameters of longitudinal growth in 26-day-old rats, which were sexually immature at the start of the experiment. OVX caused an increase in body weight gain, tibial length and growth plate width due to an increased proliferating zone. This increase correlated with an increase in cell number, with a decrease in cell diameter and with increased proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA) immunostaining compared with sham. Interestingly, the increase in proliferation was not caused by an increase in insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) mRNA expression in the growth plate as assessed by real-time PCR. In contrast to OVX, 17beta-estradiol (E(2)) supplementation (0.5 mg/21 days) of 26-day-old female rats caused a strong decrease in body weight gain, tibial length and growth plate width. The latter was explained by a reduction of the proliferating zone width, which correlated with a reduced number of PCNA-positive cells (not significant) and by a reduction of the hypertrophic zone width. In male rats supplemented with E(2), similar effects were observed compared with the females. ERalpha and beta immunostaining was found predominantly in late proliferating and early hypertrophic chondrocytes. OVX did not affect ER expression but E(2) supplementation strongly decreased immunostaining for both ERalpha and beta in both sexes. Besides E(2), desoxyestrone (DE), an activator of nongenomic estrogen-like signaling (ANGEL) and 2-methoxyestradiol (2-MeO-E(2)), a tissue-selective naturally occurring metabolite of E(2), were administered to female and male rats of the same age. Compared with E(2), these compounds had less pronounced, though significant, effects on some parameters of longitudinal growth in both sexes, especially on growth plate characteristics. In conclusion, E(2) may exert effects on longitudinal growth before and at the onset of sexual maturation, despite very low endogenous serum levels at these stages. There may be a role for nongenomic signaling in body weight gain, tibial length and growth plate width but genomic signaling prevails. FAU - van der Eerden, B C J
Ethnic and sex differences in body fat and visceral and subcutaneous adiposity in children and adolescents.$$$ Body fat and the specific depot where adipose tissue (AT) is stored can contribute to cardiometabolic health risks in children and adolescents. Imaging procedures including magnetic resonance imaging and computed tomography allow for the exploration of individual and group differences in pediatric adiposity. This review examines the variation in pediatric total body fat (TBF), visceral AT (VAT) and subcutaneous AT (SAT) due to age, sex, maturational status and ethnicity. TBF, VAT and SAT typically increase as a child ages, though different trends emerge. Girls tend to accumulate more TBF and SAT during and after puberty, depositing fat preferentially in the gynoid and extremity regions. In contrast, pubertal and postpubertal boys tend to deposit more fat in the abdominal region, particularly in the VAT depot. Sexual maturation significantly influences TBF, VAT and SAT. Ethnic differences in TBF are mixed. VAT tends to be higher in white and Hispanic youth, whereas SAT is typically higher in African American youth. Asian youth typically have less gynoid fat but more VAT than whites. Obesity per se may attenuate sex and ethnic differences. Particular health risks are associated with high amounts of TBF, VAT and SAT, including insulin resistance, hepatic steatosis, metabolic syndrome and hypertension. These risks are affected by genetic, biological and lifestyle factors including physical activity, nutrition and stress. Synthesizing evidence is difficult as there is no consistent methodology or definition to estimate and define depot-specific adiposity, and many analyses compare SAT and VAT without controlling for TBF. Future research should include longitudinal examinations of adiposity changes over time in representative samples of youth to make generalizations to the entire pediatric population and examine variation in organ-specific body fat. FAU - Staiano, A E
Sex and puberty-related differences in metabolomic profiles associated with adiposity measures in youth with obesity.$$$ BACKGROUND: Specific patterns of metabolomic profiles relating to cardiometabolic disease are associated with increased weight in adults. In youth with obesity, metabolomic data are sparse and associations with adiposity measures unknown. OBJECTIVES: Primary, to determine associations between adiposity measures and metabolomic profiles with increased cardiometabolic risks in youth with obesity. Secondary, to stratify associations by sex and puberty. METHODS: Participants were from COBRA (Childhood Overweight BioRepository of Australia; a paediatric cohort with obesity). Adiposity measures (BMI, BMI z-score, %truncal and %whole body fat, waist circumference and waist/height ratio), puberty staging and NMR metabolomic profiles from serum were assessed. Statistics included multivariate analysis (principal component analysis, PCA) and multiple linear regression models with false discovery rate adjustment. RESULTS: 214 participants had metabolomic profiles analyzed, mean age 11.9 years (SD ± 3.1), mean BMI z-score 2.49 (SD ± 0.24), 53% females. Unsupervised PCA identified no separable clusters of individuals. Positive associations included BMI z-score and phenylalanine, total body fat % and lipids in medium HDL, and waist circumference and tyrosine; negative associations included total body fat % and the ratio of docosahexaenoic acid/total fatty acids and histidine. Stratifying by sex and puberty, patterns of associations with BMI z-score in post-pubertal males included positive associations with lipid-, cholesterol- and triglyceride-content in VLDL lipoproteins; total fatty acids; total triglycerides; isoleucine, leucine and glycoprotein acetyls. CONCLUSION: In a paediatric cohort with obesity, increased adiposity measures, especially in post-pubertal males, were associated with distinct patterns in metabolomic profiles. FAU - Saner, Christoph
Catch-up growth in girls born small for gestational age precedes childhood progression to high adiposity.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To study across childhood the features of small for gestational age (SGA) girls with spontaneous catch-up growth. DESIGN: Longitudinal study (age 2-8 years). SETTING: University hospital. PATIENT(S): Post-catch-up SGA girls (n = 18) versus healthy control girls born appropriate for gestational age (AGA; n = 13). INTERVENTION(S): None. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Height, weight, fasting glucose, insulin, IGF-I, high-molecular-weight (HMW) adiponectin, LDL and HDL cholesterol, triglycerides, body composition by absorptiometry (2-8 years); visceral fat by magnetic resonance imaging (6-8 years); bone age (by automated reading), sex hormone-binding globulin, DHEAS, and leptin (8 years). RESULT(S): At age 2 years, AGA and SGA girls were comparable for all study markers. Between 2 and 8 years, girls were prepubertal; AGA and SGA girls gained height, lean mass, and bone mineral content similarly; other outcomes diverged so that, at age 8, SGA girls had markedly higher levels of circulating insulin, IGF-I, DHEAS, LDL cholesterol, and leptin; lower HMW adiponectin and SHBG levels; more total and visceral fat (without being obese); and an older bone age. CONCLUSION(S): After completing catch-up growth and before starting puberty, SGA girls develop an ensemble that includes not only central adiposity, hyperinsulinemia, and hypoadiponectinemia but also hyperleptinemia, dyslipidemia, lower SHBG and higher DHEAS levels, and faster bone maturation.
[Pre- and postoperative endocrine function in children with craniopharyngioma ].$$$ 17 children presenting with craniopharyngioma were studied from 1970 to 1980. Presenting symptoms were usually reflecting endocrine dysfunction (13 of 17 cases), such as growth retardation, weight abnormalities, diabetes insipidus and hypothyroidism. Unfortunately, these signs were most often misinterpreted (10 of 13 cases) so that when diagnosis was made dissociated hypopituitarism was present. Further impairment of endocrine function always followed surgical excision. In most children pituitary insufficiency becomes complete and permanent. These results are similar whatever the tumor site and surgical procedure. Growth goes on and puberty occurs without treatment in a few cases but in the majority of them substitutive therapy is necessary. FAU - Lucas, C
Response to growth hormone therapy in patients with growth hormone deficiency who at birth were small or appropriate in size for gestational age.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine long-term growth response to growth hormone (GH) therapy in patients with isolated GH deficiency who had been small for gestational age and in those who had been appropriate in size for gestational age. DESIGN: Longitudinal, case-control study. SETTING: Pediatric clinic, endocrinology center, University of Bologna, Italy. PATIENTS: Sixteen GH-deficient children, small for gestational age with unknown cause, and 16 GH-deficient children, appropriate in size for gestational age, who were matched for chronologic age, bone age, pubertal stage, and target height at the beginning of treatment and were treated for 36 months. INTERVENTION: Recombinant human GH given subcutaneously at a dose of 20 IU/m2 per week in six doses per week for 36 months. MEASUREMENTS: Growth hormone levels (fluoroimmunoenzymatic method), levels of insulin-like growth factor I (radioimmunoassay), and complete 36-months auxologic follow-up. RESULTS: Patients who were small for gestational age had a modest improvement in height for chronologic age but no increase in predicted final height. Patients who were appropriate in size for gestational age had significantly better improvement in both measurements (multivariate analysis of variance: F = 6.3 (p < 0.001) and F = 3.8 (p < 0.05), respectively). Catch-up growth was similar during the first year of therapy for the two groups, after which the linear growth velocity decreased more rapidly in the small-for-gestational-age patients (multivariate analysis of variance: F = 4.9 (p < 0.05)). CONCLUSIONS: The constitutional component of the statural deficiency of small-for-gestational-age children seemed to prevail over hormonal deficiency during treatment with GH. Further follow-up to final height is necessary to evaluate these different responses. FAU - Balsamo, A
Blunted response to a growth hormone stimulation test is associated with unfavorable cardiovascular risk factor profile in childhood cancer survivors.$$$ BACKGROUND: Childhood cancer survivors (CCS) are at risk for growth hormone (GH) deficiency. CCS are also at increased risk for early mortality from cardiovascular (CV) disease, but the association between GH levels and CV risk remains poorly understood. The goal of this study was to examine the cross-sectional association between stimulated GH levels and CV risk factors in CCS younger than 18 years. PROCEDURE: A total of 276 CCS (147 males, 14.4 ± 2.6 years) ≥5 years after cancer diagnosis, and 208 sibling controls (112 males, 13.6 ± 2.4 years) participated in this cross-sectional study, which included anthropometry, body composition, and metabolic studies. Blunted response (BR) was defined as peak GH level <7 µg/L after clonidine and arginine. Insulin sensitivity (M(lbm) ) was measured by euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp. Statistical analyses used linear and logistic regression accounting for sibling clustering, adjusted for age, sex, Tanner stage, and adiposity. RESULTS: Thirty-four (12%) CCS showed BR to GH stimulation. BR CCS were shorter and had a lower IGF-1 than controls; only 6 of 34 received cranial radiation therapy. CCS with normal stimulated GH response were similar to controls for CV risk factors. Conversely, BR CCS had greater adiposity, higher lipids, and lower M(lbm) than controls. Differences in lipids and M(lbm) between BR CCS and controls remained significant after adjustment for BMI or visceral fat. CONCLUSIONS: BR to GH stimulation is prevalent in CCS youth and is associated with an unfavorable CV risk factor profile. Further studies are needed to establish the mechanisms of these associations.
Risk factors for primary breast cancer in Japan: 8-year follow-up of atomic bomb survivors.$$$ BACKGROUND: Findings from the Life Span Study (LSS) of the health effects of exposure to atomic bomb radiation have documented a strong dose-response relation between radiation exposure and breast cancer incidence. PURPOSE: We analyzed data from the LSS cohort to identify nonradiation risk factors for breast cancer and to determine whether these factors were independent of the effects of radiation on breast cancer occurrence. METHODS: Breast cancer incidence was ascertained among a cohort of 22,200 residents of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, Japan, who had completed a mail survey between 1979 and 1981 to study nonradiation risk factors for disease. During the subsequent follow-up period (average 8.31 years), 161 cases of primary breast cancer were identified through population-based tumor registries in the two cities. RESULTS: The risk of breast cancer was inversely related to age at menarche and weakly positive in relation to age at menopause and years of menstruation. A significant negative association of full-term pregnancy against breast cancer was observed, although the number of pregnancies beyond the first was not related to the rate of breast cancer in the cohort. Women having their first full-term pregnancy before age 30 were at decreased risk of breast cancer relative to older women, but there was no trend. A nonsignificant, positive trend in risk was associated with increasing weight and body mass (kg/m2). The risk of breast cancer among women with a history of estrogen use was 1.64 (95% confidence interval 1.02-2.64) and with diabetes 2.06 (95% confidence interval 1.27-3.34). It was not possible to distinguish among additive and multiplicative models of the joint association of radiation dose and various non-radiation-related exposures (age at menarche, full-term pregnancy, female hormone preparations) identified in this analysis. CONCLUSIONS: Nonradiation risk factors for breast cancer among Japanese atomic bomb survivors were consistent with those identified among other populations of women, although the prevalence of common risk factors was low. Reproductive factors and hormone use appear to act independently of radiation exposure on the risk of breast cancer among this population. FAU - Goodman, M T
Association of exposure to diabetes in utero with adiposity and fat distribution in a multiethnic population of youth: the Exploring Perinatal Outcomes among Children (EPOCH) Study.$$$ AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: To evaluate whether exposure to maternal gestational diabetes (GDM) is associated with adiposity and fat distribution in a multiethnic population of children. METHODS: Retrospective cohort study of 82 children exposed to maternal GDM and 379 unexposed youths 6-13 years of age with measured BMI, waist circumference, skinfold thickness, and visceral and subcutaneous abdominal fat. RESULTS: Exposure to maternal GDM was associated with higher BMI (p = 0.02), larger waist circumference (p = 0.004), more subcutaneous abdominal fat (p = 0.01) and increased subscapular to triceps skinfold thickness ratio (p = 0.01) in models adjusted for age, sex, race/ethnicity and Tanner stage. Adjustment for socioeconomic factors, birthweight and gestational age, maternal smoking during pregnancy and current diet and physical activity did not influence associations; however, adjustment for maternal pre-pregnancy BMI attenuated all associations. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Exposure to maternal GDM is associated with increased overall and abdominal adiposity, and a more central fat distribution pattern in 6- to 13-year-old youths from a multi-ethnic population, providing further support for the fetal overnutrition hypothesis. FAU - Crume, T L
Metabolic effects of growth hormone (GH) replacement in children and adolescents with severe isolated GH deficiency due to a GHRH receptor mutation.$$$ BACKGROUND: The interpretation of the true effect of GH replacement therapy (GHRT) on metabolic status in GH deficiency (GHD) is often complicated by differing aetiologies of GHD and by the presence of additional hormone deficits. OBJECTIVE: To study the growth and response of the lipid profile and body composition to GHRT in a cohort of children with the same mutation in the GHRH receptor gene. Design Nine GH-deficient subjects (mean age 12.8 years, range 5-17.5 years; three male) in a rural community in Northeast Brazil were treated with GHRT for 2 years and compared with indigenous normal controls. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Total cholesterol (TC), low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), triglycerides (TG) and body composition were measured at baseline and after 3, 12 and 24 months of GHRT. RESULTS: At baseline, the subjects with GHD had an adverse lipid profile, including elevated TC, elevated LDL-C and elevated TG. GHRT normalized TG in 3 months, LDL-C in 12 months and TC in 24 months. At baseline, older pubertal subjects with GHD had adverse body composition, including higher percentage fat mass (%FM), and GHRT induced a reduction in %FM that was maintained after 24 months. By contrast, younger prepubertal subjects did not have an adverse body composition. CONCLUSIONS: Lipid profile was abnormal at baseline, while abnormal body composition was only seen in older subjects in late puberty, indicating that body composition is less sensitive to the effect of GHD than lipid profile. GHRT improves lipid profile at all ages, while it affects body composition only towards the end of growth, emphasizing its importance in achieving normal somatic development in the transition period. FAU - Gleeson, Helena
Normal insulin-like peptide-3 levels despite low testosterone in adult males with Prader-Willi syndrome: variations in Leydig cell function from infancy through adulthood.$$$ BACKGROUND: Cryptorchidism, incomplete pubertal development, and low testosterone are manifestations of hypogonadism in Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS). Insulin-like peptide-3 (INSL3) facilitates testicular descent in the fetus and reflects Leydig cell number in adults. INSL3 levels in PWS have not been previously reported. OBJECTIVES: The objectives of the study were to characterize the age-related changes in INSL3 in PWS males and correlate INSL3 with unilateral vs. bilateral cryptorchidism, body mass index, gonadotropins, testosterone, anti-mullerian hormone (AMH), and inhibin B. STUDY DESIGN AND PARTICIPANTS: We measured INSL3, LH, FSH, testosterone, AMH, and inhibin B in 40 PWS males (23 deletion, 17 uniparental disomy) aged 2 months to 36 yr. Control samples for INSL3 were obtained from 365 normal males, aged 1 d to 36 yr. RESULTS: INSL3 levels (mean and range) for PWS age groups younger than 6 months, 0.5-10.0 yr, 10.1-19.0 yr, and older than 19.0 yr were 217 (68-380), 42 (16-112), 390 (16-1028), and 642 (290-964) pg/ml, respectively, and did not differ significantly from values for normal males. In seven of 14 boys aged 10.1-19 yr, INSL3, testosterone, and LH were low (37.4 ± 19.4 pg/ml, 1.44 ± 0.46 nmol/liter, 0.3 ± 0.6 IU/liter). The other seven with higher INSL3, testosterone, and LH (693.1 ± 305.8 pg/ml, 5.91 ± 2.77 nmol/liter, 2.7 ±1.9 IU/liter) had more advanced pubertal development. INSL3 was normal in seven of nine males aged older than 19 yr, despite low testosterone in six. After controlling for age, INSL3 correlated with LH (P = 0.005) and testosterone (P < 0.001) but not with FSH, AMH, or inhibin B. CONCLUSIONS: Most PWS males have normal INSL3 levels. By contrast, testosterone levels after infancy are low. These findings suggest a specific defect in Leydig cell function. FAU - Hirsch, Harry J
Hypothalamic-pituitary lesions in pediatric patients: endocrine symptoms often precede neuro-ophthalmic presenting symptoms.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether analyses of clinical and endocrine presenting symptoms could help to shorten the time to diagnosis of hypothalamic-pituitary lesions in children. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective, single-center, cohort study of 176 patients (93 boys), aged 6 years (range, 0.2-18 years), with hypothalamic-pituitary lesions was performed. RESULTS: The lesions were craniopharyngioma (n = 56), optic pathway glioma (n = 54), suprasellar arachnoid cyst (n = 25), hamartoma (n = 22), germ cell tumor (n = 12), and hypothalamic-pituitary astrocytoma (n = 7). The most common presenting symptoms were neurologic (50%) and/or visual complaints (38%), followed by solitary endocrine symptoms (28%). Precocious puberty led to diagnosis in 19% of prepubertal patients (n = 131), occurring earlier in patients with hamartoma than in patients with optic-pathway glioma (P < .02). Isolated diabetes insipidus led to diagnosis for all germ-cell tumors. For 122 patients with neuro-ophthalmic presenting symptoms, the mean symptom interval was 0.5 year (95% CI, 0.4-0.6 year), although 66% of patients had abnormal body mass index or growth velocity, which preceded the presenting symptom interval onset by 1.9 years (95% CI, 1.5-2.4 years) (P < .0001) and 1.4 years (95% CI, 1-1.8 years) (P < .0001), respectively. Among them, 41 patients were obese before diagnosis (median 2.2 years [IQR, 1-3 years] prior to diagnosis) and 35 of them had normal growth velocity at the onset of obesity. The sensitivity of current guidelines for management of childhood obesity failed to identify 61%-85% of obese children with an underlying hypothalamic-pituitary lesion in our series. CONCLUSIONS: Endocrine disorders occurred in two-thirds of patients prior to the onset of the neuro-ophthalmic presenting symptom but were missed. Identifying them may help to diagnose hypothalamic-pituitary lesions earlier.
The growth hormone insulin-like growth factor 1 axis in children and adolescents with inflammatory bowel disease and growth retardation.$$$ CONTEXT: There is scarce knowledge about the growth hormone (GH) insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF1) axis in children & adolescents with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) and growth retardation. OBJECTIVE: To describe the pattern of GH and IGF1 secretion in children & adolescents with IBD. DESIGN: A retrospective review of 28 patients (23 M) of IBD (25 Crohn's Disease and three Ulcerative Colitis) and growth retardation who had investigation of the GH/IGF-1 axis. Height velocity (HV) and serum IGF1 were converted to standard deviation score (SDS); to account for delayed puberty in girls over 11 years and boys over 12 years, HV and serum IGF1 SDS were adjusted for bone age. RESULTS: Median (range) age and Ht SDS at the time of endocrine evaluation was 14.3 years (7.7,17.0) and -2.0(-3.6,-0.9), respectively. Median HVSDS over the prior 12 months was -2.2(-7.7,2.8). Median peak serum GH on insulin tolerance test (ITT) was 5.8 mcg/l (1.3, 24.0), and median serum IGF1 SDS was -0.9(-3.1, 0.1). Five of 28 (18%) had a peak serum GH of >12 mcg/l. Overall, four had biochemical evidence of functional GH deficiency (peak GH < 3 mcg/l and IGF1 SDS < 0) and 11 children had biochemical evidence suggesting GH resistance (peak GH > 6 mcg/l and IGF1 SDS < 0). However, only one child had a peak serum GH > 6 mcg/l and a very low IGF1 SDS of <-2.0. There was a negative association between peak serum GH and Ht SDS (r = -0.49, P = 0.008), but there was no association with HV and there was no association between IGF1 SDS and Ht or HV SDS. IGF1 SDS showed a negative association with erythrocyte sedimentation rate (r = -0.41, P = 0.04). CONCLUSION: Growth retardation in children and adolescents with IBD is commonly associated with a range of biochemical abnormalities ranging from functional GH deficiency to GH resistance. In these children, poor relationship between systemic markers of growth and height velocity point to an important role of growth factors at the target organ level in modulating growth in children with IBD. The value of assessing the GH/IGF-1 axis and whether it predicts subsequent response to growth-promoting therapy requires further exploration. FAU - Wong, S C
Hyperhomocysteinemia correlates with insulin resistance and low-grade systemic inflammation in obese prepubertal children.$$$ Obesity is an independent risk factor for the development of cardiovascular disease frequently associated with hypertension, dyslipemia, diabetes, and insulin resistance. Higher homocysteine (Hcy) levels are observed in the hyperinsulinemic obese adults and suggest that Hcy could play a role in the higher risk of cardiovascular disease in obesity. We analyzed total Hcy levels in obese prepubertal children and their possible association with both metabolic syndrome and various inflammatory biomarkers and leptin. We studied 43 obese children (aged 6-9 years) and an equal number of nonobese children, paired by age and sex. The obese subjects presented significantly elevated values for insulin (P = .003), C-reactive protein (P = .033), and leptin (P < .001). No significant differences were found in Hcy levels between the obese and nonobese children. However, Hcy concentration was significantly higher in the hyperinsulinemic obese children than in the normoinsulinemic group (P = .002). Using multivariant regression analysis, in the obese group, corrected for age and sex, the homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (P partial = .001) and leptin (P partial = .02) are independent predictive factors for Hcy. In the control group, corrected for age and sex, the homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (P partial = .005) and leptin (P partial = .031) also are independent predictive factor for Hcy. Increased plasma Hcy, particularly in hyperinsulinemic obese children, may be causally involved in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis and/or cardiovascular disease, both of which are common in obesity. FAU - Martos, Rosario
Change in Overweight from Childhood to Early Adulthood and Risk of Type 2 Diabetes.$$$ BACKGROUND: Childhood overweight is associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes in adulthood. We investigated whether remission of overweight before early adulthood reduces this risk. METHODS: We conducted a study involving 62,565 Danish men whose weights and heights had been measured at 7 and 13 years of age and in early adulthood (17 to 26 years of age). Overweight was defined in accordance with Centers for Disease Control and Prevention criteria. Data on type 2 diabetes status (at age ≥30 years, 6710 persons) were obtained from a national health registry. RESULTS: Overweight at 7 years of age (3373 of 62,565 men; 5.4%), 13 years of age (3418 of 62,565; 5.5%), or early adulthood (5108 of 62,565; 8.2%) was positively associated with the risk of type 2 diabetes; associations were stronger at older ages at overweight and at younger ages at diagnosis of type 2 diabetes. Men who had had remission of overweight before the age of 13 years had a risk of having type 2 diabetes diagnosed at 30 to 60 years of age that was similar to that among men who had never been overweight (hazard ratio, 0.96; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.75 to 1.21). As compared with men who had never been overweight, men who had been overweight at 7 and 13 years of age but not during early adulthood had a higher risk of type 2 diabetes (hazard ratio, 1.47; 95% CI, 1.10 to 1.98), but their risk was lower than that among men with persistent overweight (hazard ratio [persistently overweight vs. never overweight], 4.14; 95% CI, 3.57 to 4.79). An increase in body-mass index between 7 years of age and early adulthood was associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes, even among men whose weight had been normal at 7 years of age. CONCLUSIONS: Childhood overweight at 7 years of age was associated with increased risks of adult type 2 diabetes only if it continued until puberty or later ages. (Funded by the European Union.). FAU - Bjerregaard, Lise G
Association between school children's overweight and maternal obesity and perception of their children's weight status.$$$ AIM: To determine the association between overweight children and a) other components of the mothers' metabolic syndrome, such as body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), HDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, HOMA-IR, blood pressure (BP), and age; and b) the mothers' perception of their children's overweight. METHODS: Six hundred and twenty children (297 M) aged 9 +/- 2 years and their mothers aged 37.7 +/- 7 years were examined between April and August 2006. BMI, BP, fasting glucose and lipids and children's Tanner stage were determined. Questionnaires were filled in about the mothers' perceptions of their children's eating habits and of their children's shape. RESULTS: Ninety-five (17.4%) of the children were obese (> 95th percentile), 108 (15.3%) overweight (> 85th percentile) and 418 (67.3%) normal. One hundred and twelve (18%) of the mothers were obese and 183 (29.5%) overweight. Mean values for measures in mothers differed between normal vs overweight/obese children: z-BMI (-0.19 vs 0.42), triglycerides (84 vs 105 mg/dl), cholesterol (147 vs 157 mg/dl), glucose (78 vs 82 mg/dl) and insulin resistance (HOMA-IR 1.34 vs 1.72). There were significant differences in the proportion with distorted perception of shape (2.2% vs 47.5%) and eating habits (11.2% vs 37%) between mothers of normal versus overweight/ obese children. Logistic regression analysis using BMI > or = 85th percentile as the dependent variable showed that the mothers' perceptions of their children's shape (OR: 18.84; 95% CI: 5.0-69.6), eating habits (OR: 3.82; 95% CI: 1.5-9.5) and mothers' BMI (OR: 2.1; 95% CI: 1.3-3.4) were associated with children's overweight. CONCLUSIONS: There was an association between mothers' distorted perception of their children's shape and eating habits and mothers' obesity and their children's overweight. This observation provides clues for obesity prevention programs. FAU - Hirschler, Valeria
Morbidity and mortality patterns of thalassaemia major patients in Hong Kong: retrospective study.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To study the morbidity and mortality patterns of transfusion-dependent thalassaemia major patients in Hong Kong, and compare the outcomes of these patients according to different periods of birth. DESIGN: Retrospective study. SETTING: Paediatric departments of three regional hospitals, Hong Kong. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Medical records of thalassaemia major patients were reviewed. Data gathered included demographic and survival data, complications of iron overload, repeated transfusion, and bone marrow transplantation; the probability of survival of three cohorts was also estimated. RESULTS: Two hundred and thirty-two patients were studied at a median age of 15.5 years (range, 1.4-30.3 years). There were 60 patients born before 1980 (cohort 1), 117 patients born between 1980 and 1989 (cohort 2), and 55 patients born after 1989 (cohort 3). The median age of starting desferrioxamine was 8 years, 4 years, and 3 years for cohorts 1, 2, and 3, respectively. Cardiomyopathy, diabetes mellitus, and hypothyroidism occurred in 15.1%, 8.6%, and 6.9% of patients with thalassaemia major, respectively. The above complications developed in 5% to 12% of cohort 2 patients. Delayed puberty was present in 38.4% and hormonal replacement for gonadal failure was required in 29.7% of evaluable patients. Short stature was common and the median height standard deviation score was -1.63. Twenty patients had died, and cardiomyopathy was the leading cause of death, followed by complications of bone marrow transplantation. The probability of survival beyond the age of 20 years was 87.6%. CONCLUSION: Despite the use of iron chelation in the past two decades, severe complications of iron overload still occurred even in those who started chelation therapy early. Cardiomyopathy was the leading cause of death, while endocrinopathies and short stature were common complications especially in teenagers and adults. FAU - Li, C K
Western diet, early puberty, and breast cancer risk.$$$ The typical high fat, low fibre diet of the industrialised West, particularly when associated with inadequate exercise, is likely to advance the onset of puberty. This will manifest in girls as an earlier menarche, earlier onset of breast development, and an earlier growth spurt. Both earlier menarche and adult tallness are markers of increased risk to breast cancer. Earlier menarche in the West is usually associated with earlier onset of hyperinsulinaemia, and multiple case-control studies report that hyperinsulinaemia too is a marker of increased breast cancer risk. Although the Western diet is linked both to earlier menarche and also to earlier hyperinsulinaemia, the mechanism involved is not necessarily the same. While menarche is likely to be triggered by a threshold level of fatness, manifestation of insulin resistance is genetically-determined and strongly influenced by the fatty acid profile of the diet. The putative mechanisms by which they influence mammary carcinogenesis also differ. Early menarche is reported to be associated with a raised oestradiol level persisting into early adult life. On the other hand, hyperinsulinaemia is commonly associated with abnormal aromatase activity in the ovaries. In addition, the concomitant increase in bioactive levels of insulin-like growth factor-I may synergise with oestrogen in stimulating proliferative activity in mammary epithelium. Dietary modification and exercise regimens are proposed in families at high risk to breast cancer. The measures have been shown to reduce insulin levels in both children and adults, and serial monitoring of insulin and sex steroid levels could be used to detect a metabolic-endocrine effect. FAU - Stoll, B A
Plasma levels of insulin-like binding protein-2 in prepubertal short children and its diagnostic value in the evaluation of growth hormone deficiency.$$$ AIM: This study was designed to investigate whether determination of plasma insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-binding protein-2 (IGFBP-2) levels could be of benefit in the evaluation of childhood growth hormone (GH) deficiency (GHD). METHOD: A retrospective analysis was performed on 91 prepubertal children referred for investigation of short stature. Maximal GH levels in plasma after provocative stimuli were between 1.0 and 93.0 mU/l, 6 subjects exhibiting peak values of <5 mU/l. Initially a GH peak of 20 mU/l was used as a cutoff limit to define GHD and idiopathic short stature (ISS) patients. The results of GH provocative tests were compared to age- and gender-based standard deviation scores (SDS) of plasma IGFBP-2, IGF-I, IGFBP-3 and the molar ratios of the latter two to IGFBP-2. The respective normative range values for these parameters were determined in plasma samples from 353 healthy children (i.e. 171 girls, 182 boys). RESULTS: Circulating IGFBP-2 levels did not correlate with height SDS, height velocity SDS or the peak GH levels after provocative stimuli. A weak negative relationship was found between IGFBP-2 and IGF-I. Plasma levels of IGFBP-2 in GHD patients were higher than those of ISS children, who had normal levels. Although at the optimal cutoff point of -0.71 SDS 91.5% of the GHD patients were identified correctly, a substantial proportion (71.9%) of the ISS subjects also had IGFBP-2 levels above this limit. The use of various combinations of IGFBP-2, IGF-I, IGFBP-3 and the derived ratios only slightly improved the diagnostic efficiency as compared to the results of the individual tests. Neither IGFBP-2 nor the IGFBP-3/IGFBP-2 and IGF-I/IGFBP-2 ratios were found to be related to the short- (1 year) or long-term (3 years) growth response to GH therapy. CONCLUSION: It is concluded that none of the tests investigated, either alone or in various combinations, are reliable in either predicting the peak GH level after provocative stimuli in prepubertal short children or in predicting their growth response to GH.
Growth factors, adiponectin, leptin and body mass index in pre-pubertal children born large for gestational age.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine whether the IGF axis in pre-pubertal children born large for gestational age (LGA) differs from that of those born appropriate for gestational age (AGA). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: The study population consisted of 98 non-obese children aged 5.5-8 yr, of whom 37 were LGA, with birth weight (BW) > 90th percentile, and 61 AGA. The LGA children were subdivided into two subgroups, with BW 90th-97th percentile (no.=24) and BW > 97th percentile (no.=13), respectively. Total and free IGF-I, their binding proteins 1 and 3 (IGFBP-1 and IGFBP-3), leptin, adiponectin, fasting glucose (GF) and insulin (IF) were measured, and the homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR index) was determined. RESULTS: IGF-I, free IGF-I and IGFBP-1 were similar in both groups. Both LGA subgroups had lower IGFBP-3 levels than the AGA group (2.34 ± 0.61 and 2.70 ± 0.90, respectively, vs 3.92 ± 1.1 μg/ml, p < 0.01). Adiponectin was higher in the 90th-97th percentile LGA subgroup than the AGA group (p<0.01). GF and IF were higher in the LGA group (86.5 ± 5.6 mg/dl, p < 0.01, and 5.84 ± 2.13 μU/ml, respectively, p < 0.05) than in the AGA group (82.6 ± 7.7 mg/dl and 4.62 ± 1.9 μU/ml, respectively), as was the HOMA-IR index (1.27 ± 0.60 vs 0.94 ± 0.43, p < 0.01). These three parameters were also found higher in the >97th percentile LGA subgroup. CONCLUSION: The IGF axis was not different in pre-pubertal children born LGA or AGA, with the exception of IGFBP-3, which was lower in the LGA children. In LGA pre-pubertal children the severity of intrauterine overgrowth was associated with the insulin resistance indices. FAU - Challa, A S
The endocrine response to exercise and training in young athletes.$$$ The manuscript "Plasma Somatomedin-C in 8- to 10-Year-Old Swimmers" by Denison and Ben-Ezra published in the first issue of Pediatric Exercise Science in 1989 was among the first to address the relationship between growth, the growth hormone (GH)/Insulin like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) axis, and exercise. Since their pioneering article, this topic has become of great interest to pediatricians and pediatric exercise researchers, and today our understanding of the effects of exercise training on the growth axis during childhood and puberty, on differences between systemic and local (i.e., muscle) responses to exercise, and our ability to use these responses to assist the adolescent competitive athlete in the evaluation of the training load have markedly improved. The aim of the present review is to summarize our current knowledge on this topic. FAU - Eliakim, Alon
Atherosclerosis precursors in Finnish children and adolescents. II. Height, weight, body mass index, and skinfolds, and their correlation to metabolic variables.$$$ In a Finnish Multicentre Study, height, weight and skinfold thicknesses were measured in 3-, 6-, 9-, 12-, 15-, and 18-year-old children (N = 3,596). Height and weight percentiles superimposed on the current Finnish growth charts were above the standards in 6-15-year-old boys and 3-12-year-old girls. Triceps skinfold thickness percentiles (10% and 90%) appeared to be closest to British values and below American values. Weight, body mass index (BMI) and skinfold thicknesses showed good intercorrelations (up to .90) except in young boys. Height had a low positive correlation with BMI (.28 to .36) and with skinfold thickness (.23 to .36) in the age groups 6-12 years. BMI and subscapular skinfold seem to be useful obesity indicators. No consistent correlations were seen between physical variables and serum LDL- or total cholesterol and apoprotein B concentrations. There was a slight negative correlation between the physical variables and serum HDL-cholesterol. Apoprotein A1 correlated negatively to all obesity indicators in 12-year-old girls. Serum triglycerides showed slight positive correlation to physical variables. BMI and skinfolds had a low to moderate correlation with insulin (.21-.51) mainly in the three oldest age groups. On the ground of BMI and skinfold measurements we have reason to believe that the prevalence of obesity at 3-18 years of age is similar in Finland as in other countries in Europe. FAU - Dahlström, S
Vascular compliance in lean, obese, and diabetic children and adolescents: a cross-sectional study in a minority population.$$$ BACKGROUND: In adults, both obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) are positively correlated with cardiovascular disease mortality and arterial stiffness. Several studies of adults have shown that both obesity and T2DM are independently associated with increased arterial stiffness. However, little is known about the relationship between arterial compliance and cardiovascular disease risk in children. We assessed whether large and small arterial compliance is impaired in obese and diabetic pubertal children. METHODS: One hundred children of African-Caribbean ethnicity, aged 14-16 years, including 21 lean children (between the 25th and 75th percentile), 40 obese children (>95th percentile), and 39 children with T2DM diagnosed by American Diabetes Association criteria were studied. Arterial compliance of the large (C1) and small (C2) vessels was measured using radial arterial diastolic pulse wave contour analysis. RESULTS: C1 did not differ significantly between lean, obese, and T2DM subjects. C2 was significantly greater in obese and T2DM subjects (10.9 ± 1 and 10.4 ± 0.7 ml/mm Hg × 100 ml, respectively) compared to lean subjects (7.8 ± 0.8 ml/mm Hg × 100 ml; p < 0.05). C2 was also significantly greater in T2DM subjects receiving antihypertensive drug therapy than in diabetic subjects not on antihypertensive treatment. CONCLUSION: Increased compliance in diabetic and obese children compared to lean subjects could be secondary to premature maturation of the vascular system; whether this early maturation can translate into a subsequent rise in the incidence of cardiovascular events related to diabetes and obesity can only be determined by long-term follow-up of these patients. FAU - Shikha, Deep
Evaluation of endocrine and metabolic dysfunctions after hematopoietic stem cell transplantation in children: a study from Turkey.$$$ BACKGROUND: Endocrine organs are highly susceptible to effects of high-dose chemotherapy. The objective of the study was to evaluate endocrine and metabolic complications after hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) in children. METHODS: The patients who underwent HSCT in our center from April 2010 to October 2014 with at least 1 year follow-up were analyzed retrospectively. RESULTS: One-hundred children (M/F:59/41; mean age 8.9±4.8 years, mean follow-up time 3.4±1.2 years) were included in the study. Female hypogonadism was the most common endocrine dysfunction (35.7%), followed by growth impairment (29.4%), malnutrition (27.4%), dyslipidemia (26%), low bone mineral density (BMD) (25%), hypothyroidism (13%) and insulin resistance (12%). Patients who underwent HSCT >10 years of age were significantly at risk for hypogonadism, metabolic syndrome, growth impairment and malnutrition (p<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Endocrine or metabolic dysfunctions are more prevalent in children who are older than 10 years of age at HSCT. Children who underwent HSCT should be followed-up by a multidisciplinary team during puberty and adolescence. FAU - Gokcebay, Dilek Gurlek
Adipocyte fatty acid-binding protein in obese children before and after weight loss.$$$ Adipocyte fatty acid-binding protein (A-FABP) has been reported to be increased in obese adults and to be related to metabolic syndrome. Because studies concerning A-FABP in weight loss are limited and studies in obese children are missing, we analyzed A-FABP in obese children before and after weight loss. Fasting serum A-FABP, leptin, insulin, glucose, triglycerides, low-and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, and tumor necrosis factor alpha concentrations as markers of the metabolic syndrome, and weight status (body mass index and percentage body fat based on skinfold measurements) were determined in 30 obese children (median age, 11.9 years) before and after participating in a 1-year obesity intervention. Furthermore, A-FABP levels were measured in 10 nonobese children of similar age, sex, and pubertal stage. Obese children had significantly (P < .001) higher A-FABP concentrations compared with nonobese children. In backward multivariate linear regression analysis, A-FABP correlated significantly (P < .05) with percentage body fat and leptin, but not with any of the markers of the metabolic syndrome. Changes of A-FABP concentrations correlated significantly with changes of percentage body fat (r = 0.53, P = .001) and leptin (r = 0.55, P < .001), but not with any changes of parameters of the metabolic syndrome. Substantial weight loss in 10 children led to a significant (P < .05) decrease in A-FABP levels in contrast to the 20 children without change of weight status. In cross-sectional as well as longitudinal analyses, A-FABP levels were related to weight status and leptin levels. Further longitudinal studies are necessary to study the relationship between A-FABP concentrations and parameters of the metabolic syndrome. FAU - Reinehr, Thomas
Is there a causal relationship between obesity and puberty?$$$ The onset of puberty in adolescents and whether it is related to obesity is an ongoing topic for debate. Epidemiological cross-sectional and longitudinal studies show a shift towards earlier onset of puberty in girls who are obese; however, the situation is less clear in boys. Boys who are overweight seem to mature earlier, and boys who are obese mature later, than boys at a healthy weight. The underlying mechanisms are not yet fully understood, and whether earlier onset of puberty in obese girls is based on the activation of the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis is unclear. The most promising link between obesity and puberty is the adipokine leptin and its interaction with the kisspeptin system, which is an important regulator of puberty. However, peripheral action of adipose tissue (eg, via other adipokines, aromatase activity) could also be involved in changes to the onset of puberty. In addition, nutritional factors, epigenetics, or endocrine disrupting chemicals are potential mediators linking the onset of puberty to obesity. This Review summarises our knowledge concerning the relationship between obesity and onset and tempo of puberty, and the consequences of early puberty on obesity.
Short sleep duration and large variability in sleep duration are independently associated with dietary risk factors for obesity in Danish school children.$$$ BACKGROUND: Lack of sleep and increased consumption of energy-dense foods and sugar-sweetened beverages (SSBs) have all been suggested as factors contributing to the increased prevalence of overweight and obesity. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether objectively measured sleep duration (average and day-to-day variability) as well as parent-reported sleep problems are independently associated with proposed dietary risk factors for overweight and obesity in 8-11-year-old children. DESIGN: In this cross-sectional study, data on sleep duration and day-to-day variability in sleep duration were measured in 676 Danish, apparently healthy children by an objective measure (actigraphy) for 8 nights, and the Children's Sleep Habits Questionnaire (CSHQ) was filled out by the parents. Diet was recorded using a web-based food record for 7 consecutive days. Fasting blood samples were obtained for measurements of plasma leptin and ghrelin levels. RESULTS: Sleep duration (h per night) was negatively associated with energy density (ED) of the diet (β = -0.32 kJ g(-1)), added sugar (β = -1.50 E%) and SSBs (β = -1.07 E%) (all P ≤ 0.003). Furthermore, variability in sleep duration (10-min per night) was positively associated with SSBs (β = 0.20 E%, P = 0.03), independent of sleep duration, and CSHQ score was positively associated with ED (β = 0.16 kJ g(-1), P = 0.04). All of these associations were independent of potential confounders (age, sex, pubertal status, height, weight, screen time, moderate-to-vigorous physical activity and parental education and ethnicity). CONCLUSION: Our study suggests that short sleep duration, high sleep duration variability and experiencing sleep problems are all associated with a poor, obesity-promoting diet in children. FAU - Kjeldsen, J S
SHORT STATURE: WHA T IS THE CAUSE IN OUR POPULATION.$$$ BACKGROUND: Globally children and adolescents with growth failure are referred to specialized units for evaluation and management. We designed this study to determine the cause of short stature in children and adolescents referred to our endocrine unit for evaluation and further management. METHODS: This descriptive cross sectional study was performed in the Department of Endocrine, Diabetes and Metabolic Diseases, Hayatabad Medical Complex, Peshawar. Children and adolescents between 2-20 years with height below 2 SDS or less then 3rd percentile for their age and gender were included while those with kyphoscoliosis, thalassemia major, diabetes mellitus type-1 were excluded. Detailed history was obtained followed by detailed physical examination and a pre-set penal of investigations. RESULTS: Seventy-three children with mean chronological age of 11.75.3 ± 4.06 years, 56.31% boys and 43.83% girls (p < 0.05) were included. Mean height was 117.28 ± 17.55 cm, -4.23 ± 2.06 SDS below for this population age group. Mean parental height was 156.87 ± 11.82 cm, mean bone age was 8.56 ± 4.03 years while mean bone age delay was 3.23 ± 1.94 years. Common causes found were variants of normal growth present in 38.35%. Constitutional Delay of Growth and Puberty (CDGP) were found in 13.7%, Familial Short Stature (FSS) in 11.0% while overlapping features of both in other 13.7%. Isolated Growth Hormone Deficiency (GHD) was found in 23.3%, primary hypothyroidism in 9.6% and pan- hypopituitarism in 2.7%. Common non endocrine causes found were Turner's syndrome, rickets, chronic anaemia, bronchial asthma and achondroplasia. CONCLUSION: Isolated GHD, CDGP and FSS, primary hypothyroidism and Turner's syndrome are the most common causes of short stature in our set up. FAU - Ullah, Fahim
Effects of growth hormone treatment in children with cystic fibrosis: the National Cooperative Growth Study experience.$$$ Poor longitudinal growth and low body weight affect many persons with cystic fibrosis (CF). The Cystic Fibrosis Foundation reports that 28% of all persons with CF are below the 10th percentile for height and that 34% are below the 10th percentile for weight. Intensive nutritional supplementation has not resulted in sustained improvement in the poor linear growth and low weight in CF. Because of the significant impact of nutrition in CF, the anabolic effects of growth hormone (GH) may make the agent useful as adjunctive treatment for malnutrition and poor linear growth. To date, 24 patients with CF (16 boys; 87% Tanner stage 1) have been enrolled in the National Cooperative Growth Study. The average age at enrollment was 10.3 years, and there was significant delay in height in all patients (mean height age, 7.1 years). Bone age was also significantly delayed (mean delay, 3.0 years). The mean maximum stimulated GH level was 12.3 micrograms/L and the mean GH dose given was 0.291 +/- 0.038 mg/kg per week. After 1 and 2 years of treatment with GH the growth rate increased in all patients with available growth rate data. The growth rates in these children were slightly lower than in children who were treated with GH for idiopathic GH deficiency. The weight-for-height standard deviation scores improved significantly after 2 years of GH treatment. There were adverse reactions (glucose intolerance) to GH in only two patients; treatment was suspended in one of these patients but was continued in the other. National Cooperative Growth Study data indicate that treatment with GH increases linear growth and weight in prepubertal patients with CF. These data suggest that GH may be useful for treating malnutrition in CF. FAU - Hardin, D S
[Natural progression of premature pubarche and underlying diseases].$$$ INTRODUCTION: Premature pubarche (PP) is generally thought to be a benign condition, but it can also be the first sign of underlying disease. OBJECTIVE: To analyse the aetiology and the evolution of the anthropometric, analytical and metabolic risk parameters of a group of patients with PP. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A descriptive and analytical retrospective study of 92 patients affected by PP. Anthropometry, analyses, bone age and indicators of lipid metabolism were all evaluated. RESULTS: The sample included 92 patients with PP (67 female and 25 male), with a mean age of 7.1±0.6 for girls and 8.3±0.7 for boys. Small for gestational age was recorded in 7.7%. There was an accelerated bone age (1.20±0.1 years). A total of 21 patients were classified as idiopathic (23%), 60 as idiopathic premature adrenarche (65%), and 11 with non-classic congenital adrenal hyperplasia (12%). Puberty was reached early (11+0.9 years old in boys and 9.9±0.8 in girls), as was menstruation age (11.8+1.1 years old), P<.001. The stature finally reached was close to their genetic stature. There is a positive correlation between body mass index, blood glucose and LDL cholesterol, as well as a tendency towards hyperinsulinaemia. CONCLUSIONS: The present study shows that PP is a benign condition in the majority of cases, but non-classic congenital adrenal hyperplasia (12%) is not uncommon. Menstruation and puberty started early and bone age was accelerated. Growth was normal, and more or less in line with genetic size. PP associated with obesity is linked with analytical variations of metabolic risks.
Sodium-potassium pump activity in white blood cells from children with an increased risk of developing hypertension--The Odense Schoolchild Study.$$$ We have measured the capacity of the sodium-potassium pump, as assessed by 86rubidium uptake and the number of [3H]-ouabain binding sites on white blood cells, in children aged 9-11 years, partly cross-sectionally and partly longitudinally after a physical training programme. Children from a hypertensive subgroup comprising the upper 5% of the blood pressure distribution and children from a randomly selected normotensive subgroup were eligible for the study. In the cross-sectional study 40 children from the hypertensive subgroup and 40 children from the normotensive subgroup were evaluated. A significant increase in 86rubidium uptake was present in boys as compared to girls. After adjustment for differences in sexual maturation the observed significant difference disappeared. Important correlates of pump activity were height, plasma glucose, and physical fitness. In the training study 10 boys from the hypertensive subgroup and 10 boys from the normotensive subgroup were also evaluated after eight months of physical training. A significant fall in 86rubidium uptake was observed. No control group was examined and probably the changes reflect some effects of sexual maturation on cation handling of cells. These results indicate a significant effect of sexual maturation in capacity of sodium-potassium pump in children. FAU - Hansen, H S
Influence of body mass index on growth hormone responses to classic provocative tests in children with short stature.$$$ BACKGROUND: The diagnosis of growth hormone (GH) deficiency is based on a reduced peak GH response to provocative tests. However, the provocative tests are poorly reproducible and GH secretion is regulated by physiological parameters, such as body weight and puberty. The aim of this study was to assess the influence of body mass index (BMI) on GH response to provocative testing and to analyze the reproducibility of GH stimulation test. METHODS: Clinical data were collected retrospectively by chart review from the Pediatric Endocrine Unit at the Ajou University Hospital. A total of 187 subjects with short stature who completed a GH stimulation testing between 2003 and 2009 were included in the study. RESULTS: Of the 187 subjects, 66 (35.3%) had GH deficiency, while 121 (64.7%) were categorized as having idiopathic short stature. Reliability was calculated for 48 patients with idiopathic short stature who underwent the GH stimulation test twice. A GH response ≥10 ng/ml after retesting was found in 39 patients (81.3%) and a GH response <10 ng/ml was found in 9 patients (18.7%). In a stepwise multivariate analysis, BMI was a significantly independent predictor of peak GH. Elevated BMI was negatively associated with peak plasma GH levels. CONCLUSIONS: The lack of reliability of GH values in response to pharmacological stimuli should be taken into account in the diagnosis of GH deficiency. Also, higher BMI is associated with lower GH secretion. BMI should be measured and GH results appropriately interpreted for all subjects undergoing GH stimulation testing.
Metabolic and hormonal assessment of adolescent and young adult women with prior premature adrenarche.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Follow-up studies of girls with premature adrenarche have reported the development of polycystic ovary syndrome, insulin resistance, and dyslipidemia and a propensity to cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to analyze the presence of these conditions in patients previously treated at the Universidade Federal do Triângulo Mineiro. METHODS: A total of 130 medical records reported premature adrenarche. One hundred and twenty-two patients were invited to participate, of whom 54 accepted; 34 patients were selected, as they had reached their final height. Anthropometric, blood glucose, insulin, and lipid and hormonal profile (LH, FSH, estradiol, 17α-OH-progesterone, androstenedione, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, testosterone) data were obtained, the HOMA-IR index was calculated, and pelvic ultrasonography was performed. To characterize polycystic ovary syndrome and metabolic syndrome, the Rotterdam and International Diabetes Federation criteria, respectively, were used. Data were analyzed according to measures of dispersion, frequency and correlations of interest. RESULTS: The age of the participants ranged from 15.2 to 28.2 years/months; 23.5% of the patients were overweight, 11.8% were obese, 29.4% had a large waist circumference, and 8.8% were hypertensive. None of the patients had altered glucose levels, and insulin levels and HOMA-IR were elevated in 29.4% and 38.2% of the participants, respectively; 14.7% of the patients exhibited acanthosis nigricans. The lipid profiles of the participants were variable, and one patient (2.9%) had metabolic syndrome. Polycystic ovary syndrome was found in 41.2% of patients. CONCLUSION: The percentage of patients with polycystic ovary syndrome who also had overweight, obesity and insulin resistance corroborates the literature data about the need for follow-up aiming at interventions, especially for conditions associated with cardiometabolic risk. FAU - Ribeiro, Flávia Alves
Prevalence of growth and endocrine disorders in Malaysian children with transfusion-dependent thalassaemia.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Endocrine dysfunction due to iron overload secondary to frequent blood transfusions is a common complication in children with transfusion-dependent thalassaemia (TDT). We ascertained the prevalence of endocrine dysfunction in children with TDT seen in a hospital setting in Malaysia. METHODS: We reviewed all patients with TDT who had ≥ 8 blood transfusions per year. Patients who had a history of stem cell transplantation, concurrent autoimmune diseases or were newly diagnosed to have TDT were excluded. Standard diagnostic criteria were used in the diagnosis of various endocrine dysfunctions. RESULTS: Of the 82 patients with TDT, 65% had at least one endocrine dysfunction. Short stature was the commonest (40.2%), followed by pubertal disorders (14.6%), hypoparathyroidism (12.3%), vitamin D deficiency (10.1%), hypocortisolism (7.3%), diabetes mellitus (5.2%) and overt hypothyroidism (4.9%). Subclinical hypothyroidism and pre-diabetes mellitus were seen in 13.4% and 8.6% of the patients, respectively. For children aged < 10 years, the prevalence of both thyroid dysfunction and hypoparathyroidism was 9.1%. CONCLUSION: Two-thirds of children with TDT experienced at least one endocrine dysfunction. Thyroid dysfunction and hypoparathyroidism may be missed if endocrine screening is only performed in children with TDT > 10 years of age. Close monitoring for endocrine dysfunction and hormonal therapy is essential to prevent long-term adverse outcomes.
Abdominal obesity and low physical activity are associated with insulin resistance in overweight adolescents: a cross-sectional study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Previous studies have assessed the metabolic changes and lifestyles associated with overweight adolescents. However, these associations are unclear amongst overweight adolescents who have already developed insulin resistance. This study assessed the associations between insulin resistance and anthropometric, metabolic, inflammatory, food consumption, and physical activity variables amongst overweight adolescents. METHODS: This cross-sectional study divided adolescents (n = 120) between 10 and 18 years old into 3 groups: an overweight group with insulin resistance (O + IR), an overweight group without insulin resistance (O-IR), and a normal-weight control group (NW). Adolescents were matched across groups based on age, sex, pubertal maturation, and socioeconomic strata. Anthropometric, biochemical, physical activity, and food consumption variables were assessed. Insulin resistance was assessed using homeostatic model assessment (HOMA Calculator Version 2.2.2 from ©Diabetes Trials Unit, University of Oxford), and overweight status was assessed using body mass index according to World Health Organization (2007) references. A chi-square test was used to compare categorical variables. ANOVAs or Kruskal-Wallis tests were used for continuous variables. Multiple linear regression models were used to calculate the probability of the occurrence of insulin resistance based on the independent variables. RESULTS: The risk of insulin resistance amongst overweight adolescents increases significantly when they reach a waist circumference > p95 (OR = 1.9, CIs = 1.3-2.7, p = 0.013) and watch 3 or more hours/day of television (OR = 1.7, CIs = 0.98-2.8, p = 0.033). Overweight status and insulin resistance were associated with higher levels of inflammation (hsCRP ≥1 mg/L) and cardiovascular risk according to arterial indices. With each cm increase in waist circumference, the HOMA index increased by 0.082; with each metabolic equivalent (MET) unit increase in physical activity, the HOMA index decreased by 0.026. CONCLUSIONS: Sedentary behaviour and a waist circumference > p90 amongst overweight adolescents were associated with insulin resistance, lipid profile alterations, and higher inflammatory states. A screening that includes body mass index, in waist circumference, and physical activity evaluations of adolescents might enable the early detection of these alterations. FAU - Velásquez-Rodríguez, Claudia-María
Long-term reproductive endocrine health in young women with epilepsy during puberty.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the outcome of epilepsy and later reproductive endocrine health in girls who had epilepsy during puberty, using a population-based controlled study. METHODS: Sixty-nine patients (88%) and 51 control subjects (94%) of previously identified cohorts of 78 girls with epilepsy and 54 healthy control girls participated in this study (initial age 8 to 18.5 years, at follow-up 12.5 to 25.8 years). Thirty-five of the patients were initially taking valproate (VPA), 17 carbamazepine, and 17 oxcarbazepine as monotherapy. Most of the patients (61%) were off medication. All the subjects were examined clinically, the medical and menstrual histories were obtained, ovarian ultrasonography was examined, and serum reproductive hormone concentrations were analyzed. RESULTS: There were no significant differences in laboratory or clinical findings between the patients off medication and the control subjects. Postpubertal patients on medication had higher serum testosterone (1.9 nmol/L, SD 0.7 nmol/L) and androstenedione (18.8 nmol/L, SD 15.2 nmol/L) levels than patients off medication (1.4 nmol/L, SD 0.5 nmol/L, and 9.5 nmol/L, SD 2.6 nmol/L) or control subjects (1.4 nmol/L, SD 0.5 nmol/L, and 10.2 nmol/L, SD 3.2 nmol/L) (all comparisons p < 0.02). All patients still on VPA had elevated serum androstenedione levels. Polycystic ovary syndrome was more common in patients on medication (38%; in 63% on VPA, in 25% on other medication) than in patients off medication (6%) or in controls (11%) (p = 0.005). CONCLUSIONS: Epilepsy during pubertal maturation does not affect reproductive endocrine health in female subjects who discontinue the medication before adulthood. However, an increased prevalence of endocrine disorders is detected if the patients remain on antiepileptic drugs, especially VPA, until adulthood. FAU - Mikkonen, K
Fibroblast growth factor 23 and Klotho serum levels in healthy children.$$$ Data for fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF23) and particularly for Klotho in healthy children are limited. We aimed to investigate the relationship between FGF23 and Klotho with age and TmP/GFR and to evaluate parameters that might affect FGF23 and Klotho. In 159 healthy children (82 boys) with a mean±SD age of 8.78±3.47years we measured FGF23 (intact FGF23/iFGF23 and C-terminal FGF23/cFGF23) and soluble aKlotho serum levels by ELISA. Mean±SD value for cFGF23, was 51.14±12.79 RU/ml whereas median (range) values for iFGF23 and Klotho were 35 (8.8, 120) pg/ml and 1945 (372, 5866) pg/ml respectively. Neither FGF23 nor Klotho were significantly associated with age. Pubertal children had higher Klotho than prepubertal (p<0.05), and girls had higher levels of cFGF23 (p<0.05) and Klotho (p<0.001) than boys. Serum phosphate and TmP/GFR were positively associated with cFGF23 (p<0.01 and p<0.001), iFGF23 (p<0.05 and p<0.001) and Klotho (p<0.05 and p<0.01). Klotho was positively correlated with IGF-I (p<0.0001) and 1,25 (OH)2 vitamin D (p<0.05). In this study we provide data on cFGF23, iFGF23, and Klotho measured simultaneously in healthy children. The positive association of serum phosphate and TmP/GFR with FGF23 and Klotho suggests that they have a counterregulatory effect on phosphate homeostasis. The strong association of Klotho with IGF-I could indicate a role of Klotho in linear growth through phosphate regulation, but further studies are required.
Metabolic cardiovascular syndrome in obese prepubertal children: the role of high fasting insulin levels.$$$ The aim of this study was to detect the presence and degree of impairment of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors, grouped as metabolic cardiovascular syndrome (MCS), in obese prepubertal children. We also assessed the influence of high fasting insulin levels in this pathological status. A cross-sectional study was performed on obese children based on fasting blood samples. Subjects were 61 obese children (aged 6 to 9 years) and an equal number of non-obese children paired by age and sex. The obese children presented the following characteristics in comparison to the non-obese group: significantly high levels of insulin (8.2 +/- 0.52 v 6.12 +/- 0.34 microU/mL), triglycerides (TG) (0.79 +/- 0.04 v 0.60 +/- 0.02 mmol/L), uric acid (0.24 +/- 0.005 v 0.21 +/- 0.004 mmol/L), systolic (SBP) (94.59 +/- 1.06 v 88.85 +/- 1.2 mm Hg) and diastolic (56.49 +/- 1.07 v 52.21 +/- 1.06 mm Hg) blood pressure (DBP), and low levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) (1.30 +/- 0.04 v 1.46 +/- 0.03 mmol/L), and nonesterified fatty acids (0.407 +/- 0.02 v 0.505 +/- 0.02 mmol/L). The hyperinsulinemic obese children showed the same types of differences when compared with the normoinsulinemic group. In the obese group, having adjusted for age, waist/hip ratio (WHR), body mass index (BMI), and sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), insulin was an independent prediction factor for triglycerides (P =.0004), apolipoprotein A-I (Apo-AI) (P =.005), and alanine aminotransferase (ALT) (P =.029). BMI was an independent prediction factor for HDL-C (P =.001) and triglycerides (P =.027). However, insulin was an independent prediction factor in the control group for triglycerides (P =.0002) and SBP (P =.012), just as BMI was for HDL-C (P =.011) and uric acid (P =.041). We conclude that the cluster of CVD risk factors associated with MCS and intra-abdominal fat is present in obese prepubertal children. This situation seems to depend, to a large extent, on the insulin basal level. The apparent association between BMI and MCS is due to the correlation between BMI and insulin, and to the fact that insulin associates with MCS. Within the obese group, hyperinsulinemic children present the greatest impairment in the parameters considered to be constituents of MCS.
Optimal Pubertal Induction in Girls with Turner Syndrome Using Either Oral or Transdermal Estradiol: A Proposed Modern Strategy.$$$ BACKGROUND: Most girls with Turner syndrome (TS) require pubertal induction with estrogen, followed by long term replacement. However, no adequately powered prospective studies comparing transdermal with oral 17β-estradiol administration exist. This reflects the difficulty of securing funding to study a rare condition with relatively low morbidity/mortality when competing against conditions such as cancer and vascular disease. Protocol Consensus: The TS Working Group of the European Society for Paediatric Endocrinology (ESPE) has agreed to both a 3-year oral and a 3-year transdermal regimen for pubertal induction. Prerequisites include suitable 17β-estradiol tablets and matrix patches to allow the delivery of incremental doses based on body weight. Study Proposal: An international prospective cohort study with single centre analysis is proposed in which clinicians and families are invited to choose either of the agreed regimens, usually starting at 11 years. We hypothesise that pubertal induction with transdermal estradiol will result in better outcomes for some key parameters. The primary outcome measure chosen is height gain during the induction period. ANALYSIS: Assessment of the demographics and drop-out rates of patients choosing either oral or transdermal preparations; and appropriate analysis of outcomes including pubertal height gain, final height, liver enzyme and lipid profile, adherence/acceptability, cardiovascular health, including systolic and diastolic blood pressure and aortic root diameter and bone health. CONCLUSION: The proposed model of prospective data collection according to internationally agreed protocols aims to break the current impasse in obtaining evidence-based management for TS and could be applied to other rare paediatric endocrine conditions.
The relationship between ovarian structure and hyperandrogenism in premature pubarche.$$$ The aim of this study was to describe the ovarian structure (OS) and its relationship with hyperandrogenism in girls with premature pubarche (PP). A pelvic ultrasound was carried out in 23 girls with PP and in 57 prepubertal age-matched controls (C), and the OS was subdivided into five classes (c): 1-homogeneous; 2-microcystic, 3-multicystic, 4-polycystic and 5-follicular. In the girls with PP, an ACTH test was performed, and the presence of hormonal levels >3 SD of postpubertal normal levels and not compatible with late-onset congenital adrenal hyperplasia were considered an exaggerated response. The fasting levels of glucose (G) and insulin (I) were measured and the fasting I to G ratio (FIGR) was calculated. FIGR >22 was suggestive of I resistance (IR). The microcystic structure (c2) was more frequently found in the PP than in the C group (63% vs 35%, p=0.03). In the PP group, we observed the following OS: cl (n=6), c2 (n=15), c3 (n=1) and c4 (n=1). 11-Deoxycortisol--both basal and after ACTH--was greater in the PPc2 group than in PPc1 (p=0.04, p=0.0008, respectively). We also observed an exaggerated response to ACTH in 87% of the girls with PP, greater in the PPc2 group than in PPc1 (p=0.04). The FIGR showed IR in 44% of girls with PP, but I levels and FIGR were similar between PPc1 and PPc2. These findings suggest generalized adrenocortical hyperresponsiveness in girls with PP, which is more accentuated in PPc2. Long-term follow-up of girls with PP into adulthood is warranted to ascertain whether microcystic ovarian structure precedes functional ovarian hyperandrogenism. FAU - Teixeira, R J
High and low birth weight and its implication for growth and bone development in childhood and adolescence.$$$ AIM: To investigate the relationship of birth weight (BW) to anthropometric measures, local body composition and bone development. POPULATION AND METHODS: 284 individuals (age 5-19 yr, 145 females) were recruited from the Dortmund Nutritional and Anthropometric Longitudinally Designed (DONALD) study. Parameters of bone development (cortical bone mineral density [BMDcort], endosteal circumference [CE]) and of local body composition (cross-sectional fat area [FA]) were analyzed by pQCT at the forearm. Parameters were transformed into SD scores to adjust for age or height. RESULTS: BW predicted weight-SDS (R = 0.221), height-SDS (R = 0.260) and FA-SDS (R = 0.150). Individuals with lower BW (< 10th percentile) had lower weight-SDS (p < 0.01), height-SDS (p < 0.01), BMDcort-SDS (p = 0.02) and higher CE-SDS (p = 0.05). BMDcort was correlated with BW (r = -0.319) and FA (r = -0.283) in pubertal females. CONCLUSION: BW is characterized by direct and indirect effects on growth, body composition and bone development. FAU - Fricke, Oliver
Sexual dimorphism in the early life programming of serum leptin levels in European adolescents: the HELENA study.$$$ AIM: The aim of this study was to test the hypothesis that a lower birth weight, as an indicator of adverse intrauterine environment, is associated with higher serum leptin levels in European adolescents. We also examined the possible sexual dimorphism in this relationship. METHODS: Fasting serum leptin was measured in 757 European born at term adolescents (429 females) aged 14.6 ± 1.2 yr. We measured weight and height, and body mass index was calculated. Birth weight, duration of pregnancy, and duration of breast-feeding were obtained from parental records. Duration of pregnancy and breast-feeding, pubertal status, center, body mass index, and physical activity were entered as confounders in the analyses. RESULTS: There was a significant interaction effect between sex and birth weight on serum leptin levels (P = 0.044). We observed that body weight at birth was negatively and significantly associated with serum leptin levels only in female adolescents (β = -0.109; adjusted P = 0.008). The association persisted after further controlling for physical activity (β = -0.115; adjusted P = 0.016). CONCLUSIONS: These findings provide further evidence for a sex-specific programming effect of birth weight on serum leptin levels. Our results also contribute to explain the detrimental health effects associated with lower birth weight, such as long-term increased risk of developing obesity and type 2 diabetes. FAU - Labayen, Idoia
Insulin metabolism markers are predictors of subclinical atherosclerosis among overweight and obese children and adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: To investigate the association between markers of insulin metabolism and carotid intima-media thickness(cIMT) among overweight and obese children and adolescents. METHODS: A total of 378 children and adolescents aged from 6 to 13 years, with WHO body mass index Z-Scores ≥2 were enrolled in this study. We measured fasting serum insulin and glucose, conducted a homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance(HOMA-IR), and calculated the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index(QUICKI). Carotid intima-media thickness was measured in the common carotid artery with high-resolution ultrasonography. RESULTS: The study participants consisted of 198 boys and 180 girls with a mean(±SD) age of 9.3 ± 1.7 years, 18.3% being pre-pubertal. In boys, after controlling for confounders, a one-SD increase in fasting insulin and HOMA-IR were associated with 0.351 mm(P < 0.001) and 0.350 mm(P < 0.001) increases in cIMT, respectively. However, a one-SD increase in QUICKI was associated with a - 0.305 mm(P = 0.001) decrease in cIMT. When categorizing into tertiles, a one-SD increase in fasting insulin and HOMA-IR were associated with 87 and 81% increases in the odds of higher categories of cIMT(both P < 0.05). However, a one-SD increase in QUICKI was associated with 37% lower odds of higher categories of cIMT(P = 0.022). No significant associations were found among girls. CONCLUSION: This study demonstrated that insulin resistance and sensitivity markers were independent predictors of cIMT in overweight and obese boys, but not in girls, highlighting the importance of chronically elevated insulin levels for predisposing these boys to alterations in their vascular structure. FAU - Asghari, Golaleh
Follow-up study of two sisters with type A syndrome of severe insulin resistance gives a new insight into PCOS pathogenesis in relation to puberty and pregnancy outcome: a case report.$$$ We report two sisters with profound insulin resistance associated with a novel heterozygous missense mutation in exon 19 (His1130Arg) of the insulin receptor gene. The eldest was seen after puberty at age 15 and she presented a severe form of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) with biological hyperandrogenism (HA) mimicking a virilizing tumour. However, she has been able to ovulate under clomiphene citrate (CC) and to achieve two uneventful pregnancies. The patient had no glucose tolerance abnormality during pregnancies. The outcome of pregnancy was good except for a low birthweight. The youngest sister was seen earlier in life (at age 11) before puberty. First, she developed polycystic ovaries (PCO), seen under ultrasound scan, and later also developed full PCOS. This second finding gave us the opportunity to observe that PCO developed before and at the beginning of puberty despite low LH levels. We postulate that the development of PCO was the consequence of an LH-independent intra-ovarian HA likely induced by the severe hyperinsulinism in the context of genetic abnormalities. FAU - Vambergue, A
[Clinical features, reproductive endocrine and metabolic abnormalities of adolescent girls with polycystic ovary syndrome].$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the clinical features, reproductive endocrine and metabolic abnormalities in adolescent girls with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). METHODS: A total of 325 adolescent girls with normal menstruation, 18 obese (OB-CON) and 307 non-obese (NOB-CON), were enrolled as controls from multiple middle schools in Shanghai, China. A total of 167 adolescent girls with PCOS, 90 obese (OB-PCOS) and 77 non-obese (NOB-PCOS), were also recruited. All cases were evaluated for their clinical manifestations, reproductive endocrine and metabolic parameters. Hyperandrogenism was determined by serum testosterone (T), free androgen index (FAI) and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEA-S). Insulin sensitivity was measured by fasting insulin (FINS) and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). RESULTS: (1) Menarche was significantly earlier in adolescent PCOS than in controls. The incidence of obesity was significantly higher in adolescent PCOS than that in control group. (2) T, FAI and DHEA-S were significantly higher in adolescent PCOS group than those in control group. FAI was higher in OB-PCOS group than in NOB-PCOS group. LH and LH/FSH were higher in PCOS groups than those in controls. LH and LH/FSH were also much higher in NOB-PCOS group than those in OB-PCOS group. (3) HOMA-IR and FINS were significantly higher in PCOS group than those in control group. Incidence of acanthosis nigricans, FINS, HOMA-IR and triglyceride were significantly higher in OB-PCOS group than those in NOB-PCOS group. (4) 95.21% PCOS girls presented with an ultrasonic morphological evidence of polycystic ovarian. CONCLUSION: The essential features of adolescent PCOS are an earlier onset of menarche, a persistent menstrual disorder over 2 years after menarche, a higher incidence of obesity, marked hyperandrogenism and insulin resistance and disorderly gonadotropin secretion in comparison with control subjects. Hyperandrogenism and insulin resistance are much more severe in obese adolescent PCOS. FAU - Zhao, Yun
Polymorphism Pro12Ala of PPARG in prepubertal children with premature adrenarche and its association with growth in healthy children.$$$ BACKGROUND: The peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ2 (PPARγ2) participates in the regulation of insulin sensitivity, and has connections to the GH-IGF system and ACTH-adrenal androgen axis. We hypothesized that PPARG Pro12Ala polymorphism leading to decreased receptor activity could contribute to the premature onset of adrenarche (PA). METHODS: We performed a cross-sectional association study in 73 prepubertal children with PA and 97 age- and sex-matched healthy control children. Growth data, baseline hormone levels, and the values of oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) were compared with PPARG genotypes. RESULTS: We found no difference in the genotype distribution of PPARG between the PA and control children. The minor Ala12 variant was associated with lower current height SD scores (SDS) in the controls, but no similar association was seen in the PA children. Birth measures and current weight for height were equal between the genotype groups in both control and PA children. The Ala12 variant was associated with trends for a lower serum IGF-I level and lower serum insulin concentration at the 120-min time point of OGTT in control children. CONCLUSIONS: The Pro12Ala genotype of PPARG was not associated with PA. The minor Ala12 variant was associated with lower height SDS in healthy prepubertal children indicating its possible effects on growth.
What is the Risk of Metabolic Syndrome in Adolescents with Normal BMI who have Polycystic Ovary Syndrome?$$$ OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study is to evaluate the effect of polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) on the prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MBS) in adolescent girls with normal BMI. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Our study group consisted of 63 pubertal girls with a BMI less than 25 kg/m(2) who were referred to our center with signs of hirsutism or oligomenorrhea. The diagnosis of PCOS was based on the recent ESHRE/ASRM proposal and required that all 3 of the Rotterdam criteria for diagnosing PCOS in adolescents be met. The control group consisted of 159 pubertal girls matched for age and BMI. Glucose, insulin, testosterone, and sex hormone-binding globulin, free testosterone and all lipid parameters measured. For to diagnose the cases with MBS, modified Cook criteria were used and cases who had at least 3 of 5 criteria's were diagnosed as MBS. RESULTS: Girls with PCOS had higher blood pressure parameters (systolic/diastolic) (P < .01), fasting insulin (P = .007), low-density lipoprotein (P = .017), triglyceride (P = .045), total (P < .001) and free testosterone (P = .001) levels compared to control group. There were more cases who had at least 1 Cook criterion in girls with PCOS compared to the control group but the difference was not significant. However, there were more cases who had MBS in girls with PCOS compared to the control group (P = .02). CONCLUSION: MBS prevalence is higher in normal BMI adolescent girls with PCOS compared to age and BMI matched control group. So as clinicians, we must search for the MBS criteria's in girls with PCOS even if they have a normal BMI.
Abnormal high-density lipoproteins in overweight adolescents with atherogenic dyslipidemia.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to evaluate high-density lipoprotein functionality and the cardiovascular risk factor profile in the overweight pediatric population. We hypothesized that overweight adolescents with low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and elevated triglyceride plasma levels have metabolic abnormalities and dysfunctional high-density lipoprotein particles, similar to those reported in adults. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Overweight adolescents with (group 1 [n = 21]) and without (group 2 [n = 36]) atherogenic dyslipidemia (high-density lipoprotein cholesterol: ≤ 40 mg/dL and triglycerides: ≥ 150 mg/dL) and normal-weight normolipidemic subjects, as a reference (group 3 [n = 36]), were included. The cardiovascular risk factor profile (lipids, lipoproteins, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, and insulin), high-density lipoprotein subclass distribution, composition, and cholesterol efflux capacity were studied. RESULTS: Group 1 adolescents showed abnormalities in high-density lipoprotein subclass distribution and high-density lipoprotein chemical composition, as well as a significantly lower capacity to promote cholesterol efflux (14.8 ± 2.8, 16.5 ± 3.8, 20.4 ± 3.5, for groups 1, 2 and 3, respectively). High-density lipoprotein(2a) (R(2) = 0.212, β = 0.472, P < .0001) and the Tanner score (R(2) = 0.054, β = -0.253, P = .02) were the independent predictors of cholesterol efflux. Group 1 also showed a higher degree of cardiovascular abnormalities (an adverse lipoprotein profile, greater insulin resistance and systemic inflammation; and lower low-density lipoprotein size) than group 2, even after BMI and Tanner score adjustment. CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that atherogenic dyslipidemia identifies overweight adolescents with quantitative, qualitative, and functional high-density lipoprotein abnormalities. Atherogenic dyslipidemia seems to be a marker of an increased risk for developing cardiovascular disease and indicates that those adolescents should be a target of aggressive prevention programs and lipid management guidelines. FAU - Medina-Urrutia, Aida
Early BMI Gain and Later Height Growth Predicts Higher DHEAS Concentrations in 7-Year-Old Chilean Children.$$$ BACKGROUND: Accelerated weight and height gain in infancy have been associated with premature adrenarche. However, the exact tempo of these events remains undefined. Thus, our goal was to assess the relationship between early BMI and height growth in different periods before 7 years of age and plasma DHEAS levels at 7 years of age. METHODS: This is a longitudinal follow-up of participants of the Growth and Obesity Chilean Cohort Study (GOCS) that represents Chilean children from low- to middle-income families. The subjects were 972 children (48% girls) with birth weights of 2,500-4,500 g for whom serial weight and height measurements from birth until 7 years were available. At 7 years of age, we also measured DHEAS, IGF-I, leptin, insulin, and other metabolic markers in serum. The main outcome of interest was plasma DHEAS concentrations at 7 years of age. RESULTS: At 7 years of age, children with DHEAS >75th percentile of the sample were taller and fatter and presented higher HOMA-IR and IGF-I than their counterparts (p < 0.05). Children with higher DHEAS were heavier at 4 years of age and beyond compared to their counterparts (higher BMI [BMI SDS at 4 years: 1.16, 95% CI 1.02-1.29 vs. 0.83, 95% CI 0.76-0.91, p < 0.001]) and taller at 7 years of age (height SDS at 7 years: 0.19, 95% CI -0.08 to 0.31 vs. -0.001, 95% CI -0.06 to 0.06, p < 0.005). CONCLUSIONS: We observed weight and BMI from 2 to 4 years, and height gains from 4 to 7 years were associated with higher DHEAS levels at 7 years.
Alterations in ventricular structure and function in obese adolescents with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the association among nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), metabolic function, and cardiac function in obese adolescents. STUDY DESIGN: Intrahepatic triglyceride (IHTG) content (magnetic resonance spectroscopy), insulin sensitivity and β-cell function (5-hour oral glucose tolerance test with mathematical modeling), and left ventricular function (speckle tracking echocardiography) were determined in 3 groups of age, sex, and Tanner matched adolescents: (1) lean (n=14, body mass index [BMI]=20±2 kg/m2); (2) obese with normal (2.5%) IHTG content (n=15, BMI=35±3 kg/m2); and (3) obese with increased (8.7%) IHTG content (n=15, BMI=37±6 kg/m2). RESULTS: The disposition index (β-cell function) and insulin sensitivity index were ∼45% and ∼70% lower, respectively, and whole body insulin resistance, calculated by homeostasis model of assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), was ∼60% greater, in obese than in lean subjects, and ∼30% and ∼50% lower and ∼150% greater, respectively, in obese subjects with NAFLD than those without NAFLD (P<.05 for all). Left ventricular global longitudinal systolic strain and early diastolic strain rates were significantly decreased in obese than in lean subjects, and in obese subjects with NAFLD than those without NAFLD (P<.05 for all), and were independently associated with HOMA-IR (β=0.634). IHTG content was the only significant independent determinant of insulin sensitivity index (β=-0.770), disposition index (β=-0.651), and HOMA-IR (β=0.738). CONCLUSIONS: These findings demonstrate that the presence of NAFLD in otherwise asymptomatic obese adolescents is an early marker of cardiac dysfunction.
Mood and its association with metabolic health in adolescents: a longitudinal study, EarlyBird 65.$$$ BACKGROUND: Mood comprises two main traits - positive and negative affect, both associated with depression and anxiety. Studies in children have linked depression with obesity, but the association with metabolic health is unclear. OBJECTIVE: To explore the relationship between mood and metabolic health in adolescents. METHODS: We studied 208 healthy children (115 boys) enrolled in the longitudinal EarlyBird Diabetes Study, and reviewed at 7 and 16 yr. Participants completed the Positive Affect and Negative Affect Schedule - Child Form (PANAS-C) at 16yr to assess positive and negative affect, together representing mood. Measures at 7 and 16 yr: body mass index (BMI), fat (%; dual energy X-ray absorptiometry), physical activity (accelerometer), metabolic risk z-score comprising homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), triglycerides, total cholesterol/high density lipoprotein (HDL) ratio and blood pressure. Pubertal development was determined by age at peak height velocity. RESULTS: Positive affect was higher in boys than girls, (50 vs. 46, p = 0.001), negative affect higher in girls than boys (26 vs. 22, p < 0.001). Those with lower mood were fatter (r = -0.24, p < 0.001), had higher HOMA-IR (r = -0.12, p = 0.05), higher cholesterol:HDL ratio (r = -0.14, p = 0.02), were less active (r = 0.20, p = 0.003) and had earlier pubertal development (r = 0.19, p = 0.004). Inverse associations between mood and metabolic risk z-score and change in metabolic risk z-score 7-16yr (β = -0.26, p = 0.006, and -0.40, p = 0.004, respectively) were independent of adiposity, physical activity and puberty and sex. CONCLUSIONS: Low mood in healthy children is associated with poorer metabolic health independently of adiposity. These findings may have implications for the physical and mental health of contemporary youngsters, given their increasing obesity and cardiometabolic risk.
Link between omentin-1, obesity and insulin resistance in children: Findings from a longitudinal intervention study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The adipokine omentin-1 has been suggested to be inversely associated with obesity and insulin resistance in humans. We studied the relationships between omentin-1, parameters of fat mass, insulin resistance, lipids and blood pressure in children with obesity in a longitudinal study. METHODS: We analysed omentin-1 concentrations in 23 normal-weight children and in 82 children with obesity participating in a one-year lifestyle intervention. In the children with obesity, omentin-1, bioactive and conventional leptin, thyroid hormones (thyroid-stimulating hormone, free thyroxine 4, free triiodothyronine), body mass index, waist circumference, body fat based on skin-fold measurements and bioimpedance analyses, lipids, insulin resistance as homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and blood pressure were determined at baseline and 1 year later. Furthermore, we measured omentin-1 concentrations 1 year after the end of the lifestyle intervention. RESULTS: The omentin-1 concentrations were significantly (P = .008) lower in children with obesity compared to normal-weight children (296 ± 108 ng ml(-1) vs. 232 ± 99 ng ml(-1) ). Omentin-1 concentrations increased significantly (P < .001) in children with obesity and substantial weight loss (35 ± 55 ng ml(-1) ), while omentin-1 concentrations did not change significantly (P = .750) in children with obesity without weight loss (-5 ± 108 ng ml(-1) ) during the intervention. Substantial weight loss after the end of intervention led to a significant (P < .001) increase of omentin-1 concentrations (+64 ± 14 ng ml(-1) ). Omentin-1 was significantly and negatively associated with HOMA-IR both in cross-sectional (r = -.27, P = .006) and longitudinal analyses (r = -.33, P = .001). Omentin-1 concentrations were not related to pubertal stage, sex or thyroid hormones. CONCLUSIONS: Our data do support the hypothesis that omentin-1 is reversibly decreased in obesity and is a link between obesity and insulin resistance.
Estrogens and Their Genotoxic Metabolites Are Increased in Obese Prepubertal Girls.$$$ CONTEXT: Estrogen levels and their metabolites are higher in obese vs lean postmenopausal women, and obesity increases breast cancer risk. Quinone derivatives of 4-hydroxylated estrogen metabolites, independently of the estrogen receptor, cause depurination and impaired DNA repair (genotoxic). 16α-Hydroxy (16α-OH)-estrone (E1), eg, promotes tumor proliferation and 2-methoxy-estradiol (E2) may be chemoprotective. Childhood obesity increases breast cancer death risk in women, but levels of estrogen derivatives had not been previously studied in young children. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to investigate whether total and genotoxic estrogens are increased in prepubertal obese girls compared with lean controls. DESIGN: Stored sera from 12 lean and 23 obese prepubertal girls (Tanner stage I breast and pubic hair) studied previously were assayed for E1, E2, and their multiple metabolites (12 steroids total) using highly sensitive liquid chromatography and tandem mass spectrometry. RESULTS: E2 concentrations were significantly higher in obese [3.45 (0.5, 4.65) pg/ml (median [quartile 1, quartile 3])] vs lean girls [0.5 (0.5, 2.37), P = .04], 57% of values upper quartile or greater (quartile 3) of controls. Concentrations of 16α-OH-E1 were higher in obese [7.17 (0.5, 9.64) pg/mL] vs lean girls [0.5 (0.5, 1.72, P = .007)], 65% of values quartile 3 or greater of controls. 2-Methoxy-E2 concentrations were lower in the obese group (P = .012). 16α-OH-E1 concentrations were positively correlated with body mass index, percentage fat mass, and IL-6 concentrations (P < .001). CONCLUSIONS: E2 and genotoxic metabolites were higher in obese vs lean prepubertal girls. These data suggest that obesity is associated with an increased extraglandular estrogen production and metabolism before the onset of puberty in girls. Long-term epidemiological studies are needed to assess any potential increase in breast cancer risk. FAU - Mauras, Nelly
The preventive effect of breast-feeding for longer than 6 months on early pubertal development among children aged 7-9 years in Korea.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The present study was performed to investigate whether breast-feeding is associated with early pubertal development among children 7-9 years old in Korea. DESIGN: Children were divided into those who did and did not receive breast-feeding for 6 months or longer in accordance with the recommendations of the WHO. Pubertal status was determined by clinical examination using Tanner staging. SETTING: Prospective observational study. SUBJECTS: We conducted a follow-up study of children aged 7-9 years in 2011 who had taken part in the Ewha Birth & Growth Cohort study. RESULTS: Fifty (22.8%) of the total of 219 children were in early puberty, with the proportion being slightly higher for girls (24.1%) than boys (21.4%). Children who had entered early puberty were taller, weighed more and had a higher concentration of insulin-like growth factor 1. Moreover, the change in weight Z-score from birth to follow-up was significantly lower in children who were breast-fed than in those who were not (weight Z-score change: 0.32 (sd 1.59) v. 0.77 (sd 1.61), respectively, P=0.04). Comparison of breast-feeding by puberty status indicated a preventive association with early puberty in children who were breast-fed for 6 months or longer (OR=0.37; 95% CI 0.18, 0.74). This association remained significant after adjustment for relevant covariates. CONCLUSIONS: These results demonstrate a beneficial association between breast-feeding and early pubertal development, especially in those breast-fed for 6 months or longer. The study suggests that interventions would need to start early in life to prevent early pubertal development. FAU - Lee, Hye Ah
Endothelial dysfunction is related to insulin resistance and inflammatory biomarker levels in obese prepubertal children.$$$ BACKGROUND: The metabolic syndrome (MS) is associated with insulin resistance (IR), a systemic low-grade inflammatory state and endothelial dysfunction. These disorders may arise at a very early age in obese children. This study aimed to investigate the relationship between endothelial dysfunction and both IR and inflammation in prepubertal obese children. METHODS AND RESULTS: Von Willebrand factor (vWF) and soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1) levels were measured in 46 obese prepubertal children aged 6-9, and in 46 non-obese, age-and sex-matched controls; the possible association of these levels with MS, various inflammatory biomarkers and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) was analyzed. Obese children displayed significantly elevated values for sICAM-1 (P=0.008), vWF (P=0.034), insulin (P=0.006), homeostasis model assessment for IR (HOMA-IR; P=0.003), C-reactive protein (CRP) (P<0.001), PAI-1 (P=0.002) and leptin (P<0.001). Nonsignificant differences were found in interleukin 6 (IL-6) levels. In the obese group, sICAM-1 showed a positive correlation with insulin (P=0.013), HOMA-IR (P=0.015), CRP (P=0.020), IL-6 (P=0.023) and PAI-1 (P=0.015). Corrected for age and sex, insulin, HOMA-IR, IL-6 and CPR were found to be independent predictive factors for sICAM-1. CONCLUSIONS: Prepubertal obese children displayed alterations indicative of endothelial dysfunction as well as disorders typical of MS. An association was established between endothelial dysfunction, IR, inflammation and inappropriate fibrinolysis in the children studied. FAU - Valle Jiménez, Miguel
The relationship between the GH/IGF-I axis and serum markers of bone turnover metabolism in healthy children.$$$ CONTEXT: There is evidence to suggest that IGF-I plays a role in regulating bone turnover. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the relationships between serum concentrations of IGF-I and IGF-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3), and bone metabolism markers in healthy children. DESIGN AND SETTING: Prospective cross-sectional study. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: A cohort of 579 boys and 540 girls, all healthy Caucasian, were included in this study. Serum IGF-I and IGFBP-3 concentrations, bone alkaline phosphatase (BAP) and CrossLaps (markers of bone formation and bone resorption respectively) levels were evaluated as a function of age, gender, pubertal stage and body mass index. RESULTS: Serum IGF-I SDS levels were positively correlated with BAP and CrossLaps SDS levels before and after puberty, and also with CrossLaps during puberty (weak correlation). Serum IGFBP-3 SDS levels were positively correlated with BAP and CrossLaps levels before, during (weak correlation) and after puberty (for BAP levels only). CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrated the independent association between serum IGF-I and IGFBP-3 concentrations with both serum bone formation and resorption markers in healthy children. Physiological differences before, during and after puberty in the association of serum IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels with the serum bone metabolism markers were found. These differences may be related to differences in interactions between sex steroid hormones and the GH/IGF-I system, bone metabolism and growth during the pubertal transition. Improvements in our understanding of life course determinants of the IGF-I system and bone metabolism are required to shed further light on the role of the GH/IGF-I axis in bone remodelling. FAU - Léger, Juliane
Associations between IGF-I, IGF-binding proteins and bone turnover markers in prepubertal obese children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the relationships between components of the growth hormone axis, body composition, and bone markers in obese children. METHODS: We determined the levels of bone alkaline phosphatase (BALP), C-terminal telopeptide of type I collagen (CTX-I), insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I), and IGF-binding proteins (IGFBPs) by immunoenzymatic methods, and body composition by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry in 45 obese and 20 non-obese children. RESULTS: IGF-I and functional IGFBP-3 levels, IGF-I/total IGFBP-3, and functional IGFBP-3/total IGFBP-3 molar ratios were significantly higher in obese patients than in controls. Multivariate regression analysis in obese patients showed significant associations of BALP with IGF-I (p=0.047) and percent of body fat mass (p=0.002). CONCLUSION: The relationship of IGF-I and functional IGFBP-3 to BALP may support the concept of IGF-I influence on accelerated bone formation process in obesity. Moreover, IGF-I and percentage of body fat mass may be significant predictors of BALP in obese during the prepubertal period. FAU - Gajewska, Joanna
Prevalence and association between obesity and metabolic syndrome among Chinese elementary school children: a school-based survey.$$$ BACKGROUND: China has experienced an increase in the prevalence of childhood overweight/obesity over the last decades. The purpose of this study was to examine the prevalence of obesity and metabolic syndrome among Chinese school children and determine if there is a significant association between childhood obesity and metabolic syndrome. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted among 1844 children (938 males and 906 females) in six elementary schools at Guangzhou city from April to June 2009. The body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, blood pressure, Tanner stage, lipids, insulin and glucose levels were determined. Criteria analogous to ATPIII were used for diagnosis of metabolic syndrome in children. RESULTS: Among 1844 children aged 7-14 years, 205 (11.1%) were overweight, and 133 (7.2%) were obese. The prevalence of metabolic syndrome was 6.6% overall, 33.1% in obese, 20.5% in overweight and 2.3% in normal weight children. Multiple logistic regression analysis showed that BMI (3rd quartile)(OR 3.28; 95%CI 0.35-30.56), BMI (4th quartile)(OR 17.98; 95%CI 1.75-184.34), homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR) (2nd quartile) (OR2.36; 95% CI 0.46-12.09), HOMA-IR (3rd quartile) (OR 2.46; 95% CI 0.48-12.66), HOMA-IR (4th quartile) (OR3.87; 95% CI 0.72-20.71) were significantly associated with metabolic syndrome. CONCLUSIONS: The current epidemic of obesity with subsequent increasing cardiovascular risk factors has constituted a threat to the health of school children in China. HOMA-IR and BMI were strong predictors of metabolic syndrome in children. Therefore, rigorous obesity prevention programs should be implemented among them. FAU - Liu, WeiJia
Peripubertal Caffeine Exposure Impairs Longitudinal Bone Growth in Immature Male Rats in a Dose- and Time-Dependent Manner.$$$ This study investigated the dose- and time-dependent effects of caffeine consumption throughout puberty in peripubertal rats. A total of 85 male SD rats were randomly divided into four groups: control and caffeine-fed groups with 20, 60, or 120 mg/kg/day through oral gavage for 10, 20, 30, or 40 days. Caffeine decreased body weight gain and food consumption in a dose- and time-dependent manner, accompanied by a reduction in muscle and body fat. In addition, it caused a shortening and lightening of leg bones and spinal column. The total height of the growth plate decreased sharply at 40 days in the controls, but not in the caffeine-fed groups, and the height of hypertrophic zone in the caffeine-fed groups was lower than in the control. Caffeine increased the height of the secondary spongiosa, whereas parameters related to bone formation, such as bone area ratio, thickness and number of trabeculae, and bone perimeter, were significantly reduced. Furthermore, serum levels of IGF-1, estradiol, and testosterone were also reduced by the dose of caffeine exposure. Our results demonstrate that caffeine consumption can dose- and time-dependently inhibit longitudinal bone growth in immature male rats, possibly by blocking the physiologic changes in body composition and hormones relevant to bone growth. FAU - Choi, Yun-Young
Establishing abdominal height cut-offs and their association with conventional indices of obesity among Arab children and adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Obesity, particularly childhood obesity is common in the Middle East, but no studies have examined the relationship of sagittal abdominal diameter (SAD) or abdominal height to conventional markers of obesity in this region. This is the first study to document the association of SAD with measures of obesity among Arab children and adolescents. METHODS: Nine hundred sixty-four Saudi children aged 5-17 years (365 prepubertal, including 146 boys and 219 girls; 249 pubertal, including 125 boys and 124 girls; and 350 postpubertal, including 198 boys and 152 girls) were included in this cross-sectional study. RESULTS: SAD was significantly correlated with indices of obesity regardless of gender, but was strongest among pubertal boys. The cut-off values were as follows: for prepubertal children, 14 cm (equivalent to 50th percentile among girls and 60th percentile among boys); for pubertal children, 15 cm for girls (30th percentile) and 16 cm for boys (50th percentile), and for postpubertal, 21.5 cm for girls (70th percentile) and 22 cm for boys (80th percentile). CONCLUSION: SAD is a reliable indicator of visceral obesity among Arab children and adolescents in particular. Prospective studies should be done to determine whether such an association translates to a promising risk factor for hard endpoints such as diabetes mellitus and coronary heart disease. FAU - Al-Daghri, Nasser
The genetics of pubertal timing in the general population: recent advances and evidence for sex-specificity.$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: This article overviews advances in the genetics of puberty based on studies in the general population, describes evidence for sex-specific genetic effects on pubertal timing, and briefly reviews possible mechanisms mediating sexually dimorphic genetic effects. RECENT FINDINGS: Pubertal timing is highly polygenic, and many loci are conserved among ethnicities. A number of identified loci underlie both pubertal timing and related traits such as height and BMI. It is increasingly apparent that understanding the factors modulating the onset of puberty is important because the timing of this developmental stage is associated with a wider range of adult health outcomes than previously appreciated. Although most of the genetic effects underlying the timing of puberty are common between boys and girls, some effects show sex-specificity and many are epigenetically modulated. Several potential mechanisms, including hormone-independent ones, may be responsible for observed sex differences. SUMMARY: Studies of pubertal timing in the general population have provided new knowledge about the genetic architecture of this complex trait. Increasing attention paid to sex-specific effects may provide key insights into the sexual dimorphism in pubertal timing and even into the associations between puberty and adult health risks by identifying common underlying biological pathways. FAU - Cousminer, Diana L
Long-term follow-up of gonadal dysfunction in morbidly obese adolescent boys after bariatric surgery.$$$ Background Elevated body mass index (BMI) is associated with hypogonadism in men but this is not well described in adolescents. The aim is to evaluate gonadal dysfunction and the effects of weight loss after gastric banding in obese adolescent boys. Methods Thirty-seven of 54 boys (age 16.2±1.2 years, mean BMI 48.2 kg/m2) enrolled at the Center for Adolescent Bariatric Surgery at Columbia University Medical Center had low total testosterone for Tanner 5 <350 ng/dL. Sixteen had long-term hormonal data for analysis at baseline (T0), 1 year (T1) and 2 years (T2) post-surgery. T-tests, chi-squared (χ2) tests, correlation and linear mixed models were performed. Results At T0, the hypogonadal group had higher systolic blood pressure (SBP) (75th vs. 57th percentile, p=0.02), fasting insulin (19 vs. 9 μIU/mL, p=0.0008) and homeostatic index of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (4.2 vs. 1.9, p=0.009) compared to control group. Total testosterone was negatively correlated with fasting insulin and HOMA-IR. In the long-term analysis, BMI, weight, waist circumference (WC), and % excess weight decreased at T1 and T2 compared to T0. Mean total testosterone at T0, T1 and T2 were 268, 304 and 368 ng/dL, respectively (p=0.07). There was a statistically significant negative correlation between BMI and testosterone after 2 years (r=-0.81, p=0.003). Conclusions Low testosterone levels but unaltered gonadotropins are common in this group and associated with insulin resistance. While a significant increase in testosterone was not found over time, the negative relationship between BMI and testosterone persisted, suggesting there may be an optimal threshold for testosterone production with respect to BMI. Long-term studies are needed. FAU - Chin, Vivian L
Chronic hyperandrogenemia and western-style diet beginning at puberty reduces fertility and increases metabolic dysfunction during pregnancy in young adult, female macaques.$$$ STUDY QUESTION: What are the impacts of elevated testosterone (T) and an obesogenic western-style diet (WSD), either independently or together, on fertility and metabolic adaptations of pregnancy in primates? SUMMARY ANSWER: Testosterone increases the time to achieve pregnancy, while a WSD reduces overall fertility, and the combination of testosterone and WSD additionally impairs glucose tolerance and causes pregnancy loss. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Both hyperandrogenemia and obesity are hallmarks of polycystic ovary syndrome, which is a leading cause of infertility among women worldwide. Female macaques receiving T and WSD beginning at puberty show increased metabolic, ovarian and uterine dysfunction in the non-pregnant state by 3 years of treatment. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: The same cohort of female rhesus macaques continued treatments from the time of puberty (2.5 years) to 4 years, including this fertility trial. There were four groups (n = 9-10/group): controls (C), T-treated (T; average total serum level 1.35 ng/ml), WSD-treated, and combined T and WSD-treated (T + WSD) females. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Females, which were typically having menstrual cycles, were paired for 4 days with a proven male breeder following the late follicular rise in circulating estradiol (≥100 pg/ml). The presence of sperm in the reproductive tract was used to confirm mating. Animals went through up to three successive rounds of mating until they became pregnant, as confirmed by a rise in circulating mCG during the late luteal phase and ultrasound evidence of a gestational sac at Day 30 post-mating (GD30). Placental vascular parameters were also measured at GD30. Metabolic measurements consisted of fasting levels of blood glucose and insulin at approximately GD30, 60, 90 and 115, as well as an intravenous (iv) glucose tolerance test (GTT) at GD115. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: While all animals in the C and T groups eventually became pregnant, T-treated females on average had a greater interval to achieve pregnancy (P < 0.05). However, only ~70% of animals in the WSD and T + WSD groups became pregnant (P < 0.004). One pregnancy in T + WSD group resulted in an anembryonic pregnancy which miscarried around GD60, while another T + WSD female conceived with a rare identical twin pregnancy which required cessation due to impending fetal loss at GD106. Thus, the number of viable fetuses was less in the T + WSD group, compared to C, T or WSD. Placental blood volume at GD30 was reduced in all treatments compared to the C group (P < 0.05). Maternal P4 levels were elevated in the WSD (P < 0.03) group and E2 levels were elevated in T + WSD animals (P < 0.05). An increase in serum A4 levels throughout gestation was observed in all groups (P < 0.03) except WSD (P = 0.3). All groups displayed increased insulin resistance with pregnancy, as measured from the ivGTT during pregnancy. However, only the T + WSD group had a significant increase in fasting glucose levels and glucose clearance during the GTT indicating a worsened glucose tolerance. WSD treatment decreased female fetuses third trimester weights, but there was an interaction between WSD and T to increase female fetal weight when normalized to maternal weight. LARGE SCALE DATA: N/A. LIMITATIONS REASONS FOR CAUTION: The small number of pregnancies in the WSD and T + WSD groups hampers the ability to make definitive conclusions on effects during gestation. Also, the high fertility rate in the controls indicates the cohort was at their breeding prime age, which may impair the ability to observe subtle fertility defects. The low number of fetuses used for male and female analysis requires additional studies. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: The current findings strongly suggest that both hyperandrogenemia and obesity have detrimental effects on fertility and gestation in primates, which may be directly relevant to women with polycystic ovary syndrome. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): All ONPRC Cores and Units were supported by NIH Grant P51 OD011092 awarded to ONPRC. Research reported in this publication was supported by the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health & Human Development (NICHD) of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) under Award Number P50HD071836 (to R.L.S.). The authors have no competing conflict of interests to disclose. FAU - Bishop, C V
Betatrophin: no relation to glucose metabolism or weight status in obese children before and after lifestyle intervention.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The influences of obesity, glucose metabolism, gender, and puberty on betatrophin levels and the longitudinal relationships between weight loss, metabolic changes and betatrophin have not yet been studied in childhood. METHODS: Cross-sectional and longitudinal analysis of weight status (standard deviation score-body mass index (SDS-BMI)), homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), gender, and pubertal stage were evaluated in 69 obese children (51% female, age 11.9 ± 2.0 years) participating in lifestyle intervention over a 1-year period. An oral glucose tolerance test was performed in 53 of the 69 children. Twenty normal weight children (50% female, age 12.3 ± 3.0 years) served as controls. RESULTS: Circulating betatrophin did not differ significantly between obese and lean children (1.99 ± 0.90 vs 2.35 ± 0.28, mean ± SD, P = .155). At baseline, betatrophin did not differ in obese patients with vs without glucose intolerance (1.89 ± 0.96 vs 2.031 ± 0.91 ng/mL; P = .591) and obese with (delta SDS-BMI >0.4) vs without successful obesity intervention (1.89 ± 0.94 vs. 2.07 ± 0.87 ng/mL; P = 0.396). In multiple linear regression analyses, pubertal stage was associated with betatrophin (b: 0.48, P = .027), while gender, age, BMI, blood pressure, fasting glucose, HOMA-IR, triglycerides, LDL- and HDL-cholesterol were not related to betatrophin at baseline. At the end of the 1-year intervention, changes of betatrophin were not significantly associated with any parameter after controlling for multiple covariates including age and changes of pubertal stages. CONCLUSIONS: Our data do not support a relationship between betatrophin and weight status or glucose tolerance, insulin resistance, and lipid metabolism in children.
Cytochrome P450 1A2 (CYP1A2) activity and risk factors for breast cancer: a cross-sectional study.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Breast cancer risk may be determined by various genetic, metabolic, and lifestyle factors that alter sex hormone metabolism. Cytochrome P450 1A2 (CYP1A2) is responsible for the metabolism of estrogens and many exogenous compounds, including caffeine. METHODS: In a cross-sectional study of 146 premenopausal and 149 postmenopausal women, we examined the relationships between CYP1A2 activity and known or suspected risk factors for breast cancer. Blood levels of sex hormones, lipids, and growth factors were measured. In vivo CYP1A2 activity was assessed by measuring caffeine metabolites in urine. Stepwise and maximum R regression analyses were used to identify covariates related to CYP1A2 activity after adjustment for ethnicity. RESULTS: In both menopausal groups CYP1A2 activity was positively related to smoking and levels of sex hormone binding globulin. In premenopausal women, CYP1A2 activity was also positively related to insulin levels, caffeine intake, age, and plasma triglyceride levels, and negatively related with total cholesterol levels and body mass index. In postmenopausal women CYP1A2 activity was positively associated with insulin-like growth factor-1, and negatively associated with plasma triglyceride, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and age at menarche. CONCLUSION: These results suggest that CYP1A2 activity is correlated with hormones, blood lipids, and lifestyle factors associated with breast cancer risk, although some of the observed associations were contrary to hypothesized directions and suggest that increased CYP1A2 function may be associated with increased risk for breast cancer. FAU - Hong, Chi-Chen
Cardiovascular risk factors in a population of Brazilian schoolchildren.$$$ Epidemiological and clinical evidence suggests that a judicious diet, regular physical activity and blood pressure (BP) monitoring must start in early childhood to minimize the impact of modifiable cardiovascular risk factors. This study was designed to evaluate BP and metabolic parameters of schoolchildren from Vitória, Espírito Santo State, Brazil, and correlate them with cardiovascular risk factors. The study was conducted on 380 students aged 10-14 years (177 boys, 203 girls) enrolled in public schools. Baseline measurements included body mass index, BP and heart rate. The students were submitted to exercise spirometry on a treadmill. VO2max was obtained from exercise testing to voluntary exhaustion. Fasting serum total cholesterol (TC), LDL-C, HDL-C, triglycerides (TG), and glucose were measured. Nine point nine percent of the boys and 11.7% of the girls were hypertensive or had pre-hypertensive levels. There was no significant correlation between VO2max and TC, LDL-C, or TG in prepubertal children, but a slight negative correlation was detected in post-pubertal boys for HDL-C and TG. In addition, children with hypertension (3.4%) or pre-hypertensive levels (6.6%) also had comorbidity for overweight and blood lipid abnormalities (14% for triglycerides, 44.7% for TC, 25.9% for LDL-C, 52% for low HDL-C). The present study shows for the first time high correlations between prehypertensive blood pressure levels and the cardiovascular risk factors high TC, high LDL-C, low HDL-C in schoolchildren. These are important for the formulation of public health policies and strategies. FAU - Rodrigues, A N
Polycystic ovarian morphology in postmenarchal adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the association of polycystic ovary morphology (PCOM) with ovarian function in adolescents and to determine its time course during two years of follow-up. DESIGN: Prospective study. SETTING: Academic center. PATIENT(S): Twenty healthy adolescents were followed from 2-4 years after menarche. INTERVENTION(S): We performed annual ultrasonographic and hormonal studies. Ovulation was assessed during 6 consecutive months by measuring salivary progesterone levels. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Persistence of PCOM during the years following menarche; ovulation in girls with PCOM. RESULT(S): PCOM was observed in 40%, 35%, and 33.3% of the ultrasonographic studies performed at 2, 3, and 4 years after menarche, respectively. The concordance between ultrasonographic diagnosis at 2 and 4 years postmenarche (50%) was nonsignificant (kappa = 0.08). PCOM was not associated with abnormalities in ovulatory rate, menstrual cycle duration, lipid levels, or homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance. However, lower FSH (4.8 ± 1.3 vs. 6.1 ± 1.9 mUI/ml) were observed in girls with PCOM compared with those without PCOM. Similar T and stimulated 17-hydroxyprogesterone on the leuprolide test were observed in girls with and without PCOM. CONCLUSION(S): PCOM is an inconstant finding in healthy adolescents and does not appear to be associated with decreased ovulatory rate or metabolic abnormalities in healthy adolescents. This finding suggests that PCOM may correspond to a physiologic condition during early adolescence.
CYP17 gene polymorphism in relation to breast cancer risk: a case-control study.$$$ INTRODUCTION: The c.1-34T>C 5' promoter region polymorphism in cytochrome P450c17 (CYP17), a key enzyme in the biosynthesis of estrogen, has been associated with breast cancer risk, but most previous studies have been relatively small. METHODS: We genotyped 1,544 incident cases of primary breast cancer and 1,502 population controls, all postmenopausal Swedish women, for the CYP17 c.1-34T>C polymorphism and calculated odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) from logistic regression models. RESULTS: No overall association was found between CYP17 c.1-34T>C and breast cancer risk, OR 1.0 (95% CI 0.8-1.3) for the A2/A2 (CC) carriers compared to the A1/A1 (TT) carriers, regardless of histopathology. We detected an interaction between CYP17 c.1-34T>C and age at menarche (P = 0.026) but regarded that as a chance finding as no dose-response pattern was evident. Other breast cancer risk factors, including menopausal hormone use and diabetes mellitus, did not modify the overall results. CONCLUSION: It is unlikely that CYP17 c.1-34T>C has a role in breast cancer etiology, overall or in combination with established non-genetic breast cancer risk factors. FAU - Einarsdóttir, Kristjana
Endocrine control of growth.$$$ Human growth is a complex process starting at conception and completing in adolescence at the time of growth plate fusion. Growth can be divided into four phases: (1) fetal, where the predominant endocrine factors controlling growth are insulin and the insulin-like growth factors. (2) Infancy, where growth is mainly dependent upon nutrition. (3) Childhood, where the growth hormone-insulin-like growth factor-I (GH-IGF-I) axis and thyroid hormone are most important. (4) Puberty, where along with the GH-IGF-I axis the activation of the hypothalamo-pituitary-gonadal axis to generate sex steroid secretion becomes vital to the completion of growth. GH is released from the pituitary in a pulsatile fashion under the control of GHRH, Ghrelin, and somatostatin and, via a complex signal transduction cascade, initiates the release of IGF-I within many tissues but predominantly the liver and at the growth plate. IGF-I acts in an autocrine and paracrine manner via the IGF-I receptor to stimulate cell proliferation and longitudinal growth. Activation of the pituitary-gonadal axis during puberty occurs via a complex interaction of factors including kisspeptin, leptin, gonadotrophin releasing hormone, and tachykinin ultimately leading to augmentation of GH secretion, the pubertal growth spurt, and fusion of the growth plates. Many other hormones can affect the GH-IGF-I system or directly affect cell proliferation at the growth plate including thyroid hormone, vitamin D, and corticosteroids.
Prevalence and correlates of multiple cardiovascular risk factors in children with chronic kidney disease.$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Although prevalence of traditional cardiovascular risk factors (CVRF) has been described in children with CKD, the frequency with which these CVRF occur concomitantly and the clinical characteristics associated with multiple CVRF are unknown. This study determined the prevalence and characteristics of multiple CVRF in children in the Chronic Kidney Disease in Children study. DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS, & MEASUREMENTS: Using cross-sectional data from first follow-up visits, we determined the prevalence of four CVRF: hypertension (casual BP >95(th) percentile or self-reported hypertension with concurrent use of anti-hypertensive medication), dyslipidemia (triglycerides >130 mg/dl, HDL <40 mg/dl, non-HDL >160 mg/dl, or use of lipid-lowering medication), obesity (BMI >95(th) percentile), and abnormal glucose metabolism (fasting glucose >110 mg/dl, insulin >20 μIU/ml, or HOMA-IR >2.20, >3.61, or >3.64 for those at Tanner stage 1, 2 to 3, or 4 to 5, respectively) in 250 children (median age 12.2 years, 74% Caucasian, median iohexol-based GFR 45.2 ml/min per 1.73 m(2)). RESULTS: Forty-six percent had hypertension, 44% had dyslipidemia, 15% were obese, and 21% had abnormal glucose metabolism. Thirty-nine percent, 22%, and 13% had one, two, and three or more CVRF, respectively. In multivariate ordinal logistic regression analysis, glomerular disease and nephrotic-range proteinuria were associated with 1.96 (95% confidence interval, 1.04 to 3.72) and 2.04 (95% confidence interval, 0.94 to 4.43) higher odds of having more CVRF, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: We found high prevalence of multiple CVRF in children with mild to moderate CKD. Children with glomerular disease may be at higher risk for future cardiovascular events. FAU - Wilson, Amy C
Abnormal adipokines associated with various types of obesity in Chinese children and adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To explore the role of adipokines including insulin, resistin, leptin, adiponectin, acylation stimulating protein (ASP) and complement C3 (C3) in various types of obesity (peripheral obesity, abdominal obesity and mixed obesity) in Chinese children and adolescents, and their relationships with body size and pubertal development. METHODS: Children and adolescents (n=3 508) aged 6 to 18 years, with 1 788 boys and 1 720 girls were assessed for body mass index, waist circumference, pubertal development, blood insulin, resistin, leptin, adiponectin, ASP and C3 levels. Three types of obesity [peripheral obesity (n=43), abdominal obesity (n=473), mixed obesity (n=1 187)] and non-obese control (n=1 805) were defined with combined use of Chinese body mass index and waist circumference criteria. RESULTS: Serum resistin, leptin and adiponectin levels were higher in girls than those in boys (all P<0.01). Insulin and leptin increased and adiponectin decreased across five Tanner stages in both girls and boys (all P<0.001), while ASP changed only in girls (P<0.001) and C3 only in boys (P<0.001). Insulin, leptin and ASP were higher, but adiponectin was lower in all three types of obesity vs. the non-obese control (all P<0.05). The greatest abnormalities of all six adipokines were found in the mixed obesity group. With inclusion of body mass index and waist circumference in simultaneous regression analyses, both body size indices were independently and significantly correlated with insulin, leptin and adiponectin after age and gender adjustment. Compared with waist circumference, the body mass index was stronger in interpreting insulin, leptin, adiponectin and ASP levels, whereas it was weaker in explaining variance of plasma C3. CONCLUSION: Obese children have a worse metabolic profile with high insulin, resistin, leptin, ASP and C3, and low adiponectin levels. The adipokine profile in mixed obesity is worse than that in peripheral or abdominal obesity. Identification of obese subjects with a malignant adipokine profile using a combination of body mass index and waist circumference is important for the prevention of obesity-related disease. FAU - Zhang, Meixian
Longitudinal analyses among overweight, insulin resistance, and cardiovascular risk factors in children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: It has been questioned whether insulin resistance or obesity is the central abnormality contributing to the cardiovascular risk factors dyslipidemia and hypertension in obesity. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: We studied weight status [SD score (SDS)-BMI], lipids (triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein- and high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol), blood pressure, and insulin resistance index [as homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) model] over a 1-year period in 229 obese white children (median age 12 years). RESULTS: Any degree of decrease in HOMA was associated with significant decreases in triglycerides (p < 0.001), systolic blood pressure (p < 0.001), and diastolic blood pressure (p < 0.001), whereas the children with different changes in HOMA did not differ significantly in their weight changes. Only the children in the highest quartile of weight reduction (decrease in SDS-BMI > 0.5) demonstrated a significant decrease in systolic blood pressure (p < 0.001), diastolic blood pressure (p < 0.001), and triglycerides (p = 0.012), and an increase in high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (p = 0.023), whereas with a lower degree of weight loss, there were no significant changes in cardiovascular risk factors. In contrast with a lower degree of weight loss, a reduction of >0.5 SDS-BMI was associated with a significant decrease in HOMA (p < 0.001). DISCUSSION: Because blood pressure and triglycerides decreased with any degree of decrease in HOMA, independently of changes in weight status, these findings support the hypothesis that insulin resistance is the central abnormality contributing to these cardiovascular risk factors. Therefore, improving insulin resistance seems more important than reducing overweight to prevent or treat hypertension and dyslipidemia in obese children. FAU - Reinehr, Thomas
Weight gain in Turner Syndrome: association to puberty induction? - longitudinal analysis of KIGS data.$$$ CONTEXT: Girls with Turner Syndrome (TS) treated or not treated with growth hormone (GH) are prone to overweight. Therefore, we hypothesize that puberty induction in TS is associated with weight gain. METHODS: We analyzed weight changes (BMI-SDS) between onset of GH treatment and near adult height (NAH) in 887 girls with TS enrolled in KIGS (Pfizer International Growth Database). Puberty was induced with estrogens in 646 (72·8%) girls with TS. RESULTS: Weight status did not change significantly between GH treatment start and 1 year later (mean difference -0·02 BMI-SDS), but increased significantly (P < 0·001) until NAH (+0·40 BMI-SDS). The BMI-SDS increased +0·21 until start of puberty (P < 0·001). Girls with spontaneous and induced puberty showed similar BMI-SDS changes. Puberty induction at ≥12 years was associated with a significant (P < 0·001) less increase of BMI-SDS (+0·7 BMI-SDS) between baseline and NAH compared to puberty induction at <12 year (+1·0 BMI-SDS). In multiple linear regression analyses changes of BMI-SDS between baseline and NAH were negatively associated with baseline BMI-SDS (P < 0·001), GH doses (P = 0·015), and age at puberty induction (P < 0·001), positively with years on GH treatment (P = 0·004), while duration and dose of estrogens, its route of administration (transdermal/oral), changes of height-SDS, thyroxin and oxandrolone treatment, and karyotype did not correlate significantly to changes of BMI-SDS in this time period. CONCLUSIONS: Puberty does not seem to play a major role in weight gain in girls with TS since the majority of the increases in BMI-SDS occurred before puberty. However, late puberty induction seems to decrease the risk of weight gain.
Fasting levels of serum glucose, cholesterol and triglyceride at age eleven to twelve years in stunted and non-stunted Jamaican children.$$$ AIM: To determine whether fasting serum concentrations of glucose, cholesterol and triglyceride at age 11-12 y (a) differed between children stunted in early childhood and those who were never stunted, (b) were related to birthweight or current anthropometry and (c) were related to stunting after controlling for current size. METHODS: Anthropometry, serum glucose and lipid concentrations were measured in 112 children stunted in early childhood and 181 non-stunted children. RESULTS: Children who were stunted in infancy remained shorter, weighed less and were significantly less fat than non-stunted children but had a more central distribution of fat. They were also less likely to have entered puberty. Non-stunted children had higher fasting serum triglyceride concentrations than stunted children (p < 0.05). There were no significant correlations between birthweight and fasting glucose or any measure of serum lipids. The percentage of variance in biochemical measures explained by anthropometry was low: between 2.1 for HDL cholesterol and 14.6 for triglyceride. Nutritional status in early childhood (stunted or non-stunted) made no additional contribution to the variance. CONCLUSIONS: Linear growth retardation in early childhood was not independently related to fasting serum concentrations of glucose, cholesterol and triglyceride at age 11-12 y. However, despite being thinner, stunted children had a more central distribution of fat. FAU - Bennett, F I
Adolescent body mass index and infertility caused by ovulatory disorder.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Our aim was to examine the association between body mass index at age 18 and subsequent primary ovulatory infertility. STUDY DESIGN: A nested case-control study was conducted within a cohort of 116,678 female registered nurses residing in 14 U.S. states. Cases comprised 2527 married nulliparous nurses unable to become pregnant for at least 1 year because of ovulatory disorder; controls comprised 46,718 married parous nurses with no history of infertility. The risk of ovulatory infertility for women at different levels of body mass index at age 18 was compared with that for women whose body mass index at age 18 was 20 to 21.9 (median for the cohort). Logistic regression was used to adjust for age at infertility or first birth, year of birth, age at menarche, physical activity during ages 18 to 22, smoking at ages 15 to 19, ethnicity, alcohol use at ages 18 to 22, use of oral contraceptives before age 22, and diagnosis of diabetes mellitus. RESULTS: Multivariate relative risks for infertility were: 1.2 (body mass index < 16), 1.1 (body mass index 16 to 17.9), 1.0 (body mass index 18 to 19.9), 1.0 (referent body mass index 20 to 21.9), 1.1 (body mass index 22 to 23.9), 1.3 (body mass index 24 to 25.9), 1.7 (body mass index 26 to 27.9), 2.4 (body mass index 28 to 29.9), 2.7 (body mass index 30 to 31.9), and 2.7 (body mass index > or = 32). The relative risks for all categories of body mass index above 23.9 were statistically significantly elevated. Greater body mass index at age 18 was a predictor of ovulatory infertility in women with and without a diagnosis of polycystic ovary syndrome. CONCLUSION: These findings suggest that elevated body mass index at age 18, even at levels lower than those considered to be obese, is a risk factor for subsequent ovulatory infertility. FAU - Rich-Edwards, J W
Roles of physical activity and cardiorespiratory fitness on sex difference in insulin resistance in late elementary years.$$$ PURPOSE: Little is known about the potential role of lifestyle factors in sex differences in insulin resistance in late elementary school children. METHODS: In this cross-sectional study, we compared sex differences in Tanner scales, body fat, physical activity (PA) and fitness, and insulin resistance markers in elementary school children (boys, n = 69 and girls, n = 81) aged 12-13 years. Body composition was assessed with a standardized protocol. Cardiorespiratory fitness was measured as oxygen consumption during an incremental treadmill exercise. Fasting blood samples were collected for blood chemistry assays including lipids, glucose, insulin and homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), leptin, and adiponectin. Daily PA was measured with an accelerometer for 7 consecutive days, and they were classified as low-, moderate-, and vigorous-PA. Independent t-tests were used to compare mean differences in the measured variables between boys and girls. There were significant sex differences in Tanner scales, body mass index, percent body fat, and waist circumference (WC). RESULTS: Girls had significantly higher values in Tanner scales (p < 0.001) and percent body fat (p < 0.001) than boys. Boys had significantly higher values in body mass index (p = 0.019) and waist circumference (p < 0.001) than girls. Boys also had significantly higher values in VO2max (p < 0.001) and low (p < 0.001), moderate (p < 0.001), and vigorous (p < 0.001) PAs. With respect to metabolic risk factors, girls had significantly higher serum levels of triglycerides (p = 0.005), insulin (p < 0.001), and HOMA-IR (p < 0.001) and significantly lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (p = 0.015) than boys. CONCLUSION: In summary, the current findings of the study showed that the increased risk for insulin resistance in girls over boys is associated with higher Tanner scale and percent body fat in conjunction with poor cardiorespiratory fitness and physical inactivity, suggesting that exercise intervention to promote physical activity and fitness is imperative for general health promotion of school children, with a special focus on girls. FAU - Hong, Hye-Ryun
Resistin levels are not associated with obesity in central precocious puberty.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare serum resistin concentrations between prepubertal girls with a BMI > 85th percentile and girls with precocious puberty (CPP) who have and have not undergone GnRH analog treatment. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This is a cross-sectional study in girls with a BMI > 85th percentile and a median age of 8 years. We included 31 girls with CPP who did not receive treatment (CPPoT), 23 girls with CPP who were treated with leuprolide (CPPT), 22 prepubertal girls and 24 pubertal girls. Anthropometric data and the fasting plasma concentrations of lipids, glucose, insulin, and resistin were measured. RESULTS: The z-BMI scores were similar among the groups (p = 0.344), and body fat percentage (BF%) was similar among CPPT, CPPoT and prepubertal girls (p = 0.151). Resistin and insulin levels were lower in girls with CPP (CPPT and CPPoT) than in prepubertal and pubertal girls (median resistin level: CPPT 11.8 pg/ml vs CPPoT 11 pg/ml vs prepubertal 16 pg/ml vs pubertal 16 pg/ml, p = 0.001; median insulin level: CPPT 10.7 μUI/mL vs CPPoT 10.2 μUI/mL vs prepubertal 14.4 μUI/mL vs pubertal 32 μUI/mL p = 0.02). ANCOVA analysis, after adjustments for pubertal stage, BF% and z-BMI, showed that CPP modifies resistin levels (F = 31.4; p = 0.0001) independently of these parameters (p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: In the group of girls with overweight or obesity, the resistin level was lower in girls with CPP than in prepubertal and pubertal girls. More studies are needed to understand the role of resistin in CPP patients.
Associations between school meal-induced dietary changes and metabolic syndrome markers in 8-11-year-old Danish children.$$$ PURPOSE: We recently showed that provision of Nordic school meals rich in fish, vegetables and potatoes and with reduced intakes of fat improved blood pressure, insulin resistance assessed by the homeostatic model (HOMA-IR), and plasma triacylglycerol despite increasing waist circumference in Danish 8-11-year-olds. This study explored whether intake or biomarkers of key dietary components in the schools meals were associated with these metabolic syndrome (MetS) markers during the 6-month intervention. METHODS: Data from 7-day dietary records and measurements of whole-blood docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3), blood pressure, fasting blood MetS markers, waist circumference and android/total fat mass assessed by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry collected at baseline, 3 and 6 months from 523 children were analyzed in linear mixed-effects models adjusted for puberty, growth and fasting. RESULTS: After adjustment for multiple testing, whole-blood DHA was negatively associated with HOMA-IR (P < 0.001) and triacylglycerol (P < 0.0001). Potato intake was positively associated with waist circumference (P < 0.01), but not with android/total fat mass (P = 0.94). Intakes of whole-grain as well as dietary fiber, protein and fat were not associated with any of the MetS markers. CONCLUSIONS: DHA in whole-blood, an indicator of DHA and fish intake, seemed to be the main diet-related predictor of the beneficial effects of the school meals on MetS markers. Increased potato intake was associated with increased waist circumference, but this may not only be due to an increase in abdominal fat, as no association was seen with fat distribution. FAU - Damsgaard, Camilla T
Serum ferritin level as a predictor of impaired growth and puberty in thalassemia major patients.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Previous studies suggested that in patients with thalassemia major, initiating deferoxamine (DFO) therapy before puberty can prevent iron-induced failure of growth and puberty. However, early initiation of chelation has also been associated with DFO toxicity. The aim of this retrospective study was to determine the prevalence rates of endocrine complications and DFO bone toxicity in our thalassemia major patients and to correlate them with the degree of iron chelation. METHODS: Thirty-nine patients with thalassemia major were followed for a median of 16.3 yr (range 2-28). Individual mean serum ferritin level during the study period was calculated using repeated annual measurements. Bone DFO toxicity was assessed by wrist and spine radiographs; endocrine dysfunction by anthropometric measurements and pubertal stage; and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism by lack of luteinizing hormone response to gonadotropin-releasing hormone. RESULTS: Chelation therapy was initiated at median age 4.9 yr. Mean serum ferritin level during the study period was 2698 +/- 1444 ng/mL. Hypogonadism was noted in 59% of the patients who reached pubertal age, and short stature was found in 36% of patients who reached final height. Mean ferritin level of 2500 ng/mL during puberty was the cut-off for hypogonadism, and ferritin level of 3000 ng/mL during prepuberty was the cut-off for final short stature. None of the patients who attained final height had signs of DFO bone toxicity. CONCLUSIONS: High serum ferritin levels during puberty are a risk factor for hypogonadism, and high serum ferritin levels during the first decade of life predict final short stature. It remains to be determined whether improving chelation by earlier initiation of DFO or by the combined use of DFO and deferiprone will lead to better growth and sexual development without DFO toxicity.
Is there a link between progranulin, obesity, and parameters of the metabolic syndrome in children? Findings from a longitudinal intervention study.$$$ BACKGROUND: The inflammatory cytokine progranulin has been proposed to play a role in obesity and its associated comorbidities such as insulin resistance. OBJECTIVE: In a longitudinal study, we analyzed the links between progranulin, parameters of fat mass, insulin resistance, and metabolic syndrome (MetS) in obese children. METHODS: We measured the following parameters in 88 obese children at baseline, at the end of a 1-year lifestyle intervention and 1-year later (=2 years after baseline): progranulin, bioactive leptin, body mass index-SD score (BMI-SDS), waist circumference, body fat based on skinfold measurements and bioimpedance analyses, lipids, transaminases, insulin resistance index homeostasis model assessment (HOMA), and blood pressure. As a control, we determined progranulin in 23 normal-weight children. RESULTS: The progranulin concentrations did not differ significantly (P = .795) between obese and normal-weight children. Progranulin concentrations decreased significantly during and after the lifestyle intervention in children with and without decrease of BMI-SDS. There was no relationship between progranulin concentrations and pubertal stage or gender. Progranulin was not significantly associated with insulin resistance HOMA, parameters of the MetS or transaminases both in cross-sectional and longitudinal multiple linear regression analyses adjusted to multiple confounders. Progranulin was significantly, negatively related to age (b-coefficient -1.24 ± .97, P = .012, r(2) = .07). CONCLUSIONS: Our data do not support the hypothesis that progranulin is an important link between obesity, insulin resistance, and MetS in childhood.
Insulin resistance and parental obesity as predictors to response to therapeutic life style change in obese children and adolescents 10-18 years old.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To study insulin resistance and parental obesity as predictors of improvement in weight status in obese children and adolescents undergoing therapeutic life change intervention (TLC). DESIGN: A retrospective chart review. SUBJECTS: One hundred thirty-four adolescents 10 to 18 years old above the 95th percentile for body mass index (BMI), referred to the Center for Atherosclerosis Prevention from January through December 2003. MEASUREMENTS: BMI, fasting insulin, homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Weight management success was defined as BMI Z-score at final exam minus BMI Z-score at initial exam <or=0. Ninety-nine were successful (group S) (reduced or maintained BMI Z-score) and 35 were not successful (NotS) (increased BMI Z-score). RESULTS: At baseline there were no differences between the groups in mean age, Tanner stage, gender, severity of obesity, lipid, and blood pressure levels. Insulin resistance was significantly higher in the NotS group compared to the S group as reflected by higher basal fasting insulin levels (21.8 +/- 12.3 vs. 15.8 +/- 9.0, p = .02), higher HOMA-IR (4.5 +/- 2.6 vs. 3.3 +/- 2.0, p = .02). After adjustment for age, gender, elevated blood pressure, abnormal lipid profile, baseline BMI Z-score, length of follow-up, and parental morbidity, an increase of 10 units of insulin resulted in a 3.13-fold (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.79-6.01) increased odds of failure. An increase in 1 unit of HOMA-IR resulted in 1.64-fold odds (95% CI 1.27-2.21) of failure. In the same multivariate logistic regression model the existence of obesity-associated morbidity in both parents was associated with 12.6-fold (95% CI 1.93-82.6) increased odds of failure. CONCLUSIONS: Failing to respond to standard therapeutic lifestyle change intervention was dependent on baseline insulin resistance, and parental obesity-related comorbidity. FAU - Pinhas-Hamiel, Orit
Association of insulin-like growth factor-1 and IGF binding protein-3 with 25-hydroxy vitamin D in pre-pubertal and adolescent Indian girls.$$$ BACKGROUND: There is a high prevalence of vitamin D deficiency (VDD) in India. Molecular mechanisms suggest a strong relationship between vitamin D and growth factors. However, there is a paucity of literature with regard to a relationship between insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) and vitamin D particularly in subjects with VDD. The objective of the study was to assess the relationship between growth factors and serum vitamin D-parathormone (PTH) status in school girls and study the impact of vitamin D supplementation on growth factors in pre-pubertal girls with VDD. METHODS: Our study subjects were apparently healthy school girls aged 6-18 years. The baseline height, weight, body mass index (BMI), pubertal status, serum 25-hydroxy vitamin D (25OHD), PTH, IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 were assessed in 847 girls aged 6-18 years and in 190 pre-pubertal girls with VDD following supplementation. RESULTS: The mean age, BMI and serum 25OHD of girls were 11.5±3.2 years, 18.7±4.8 kg/m2 and 9.9±5.6 ng/mL, respectively. VDD was observed in 94.6% of girls. Unadjusted serum IGF-1 levels and IGF-1/IGFBP-3 molar ratio were significantly higher in girls with severe VDD as compared to girls with mild-to-moderate VDD. However, these differences disappeared when adjusted for age, height or sexual maturation. The serum IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 levels increased significantly post supplementation with vitamin D. CONCLUSIONS: There were no differences in serum IGF-1 levels and the IGF-1/IGFBP-3 molar ratio among VDD categories when adjusted for age, height and sexual maturation in girls. Vitamin D supplementation resulted in a significant increase in serum IGF-1 levels in VDD pre-pubertal girls. FAU - Marwaha, Ramank K
The two faces of growth: benefits and risks to bone integrity.$$$ Bones grow by two processes: cortical bone is made by periosteal apposition (growth in width), and cancellous bone is made by endochondral ossification (growth in length). In both the axial and appendicular skeleton, about half of peak adult bone mass is accumulated during the adolescent growth spurt, which occurs two years earlier in girls than in boys, and is under pituitary control via interactions between growth hormone and sex hormones. Throughout growth, but particularly during adolescence, the ability of bone to adapt to mechanical loading is much greater than after maturity. This is the main reason why the effects of physical activity on bone are greater in cross-sectional studies in young athletes than in longitudinal studies in previously sedentary adults. In wild animals, by the time growth has ceased, the bones must be as strong as they will ever need to be, and attainment of further strength after cessation of growth would serve no biologic purpose. Adaptation of growing bone to mechanical loading is the purpose of the mechanostat, which enables physiologic adaptation in individuals to establish and maintain a species-specific property of the bones that is determined by evolutionary adaptation in populations. But growth confers risks as well as benefits to the skeleton. The large increase in incidence of upper extremity (particularly lower forearm) fractures, coincident with the adolescent growth spurt in both sexes, is due to an increase in cortical porosity as a consequence of an increase in intracortical bone turnover, which supplies some of the calcium needed by the growing ends of the long bones. This enables an increased demand for calcium to be spread over a longer time, analogous to the cyclic physiologic osteoporosis which occurs during the antler growth cycle in deer. The subsequent decline in cortical porosity is responsible for the continued increase in radial bone density after cessation of growth, referred to as consolidation. In the present state of knowledge, an increased incidence of fracture during the adolescent growth spurt is the inescapable consequence of an appropriate level of physical activity, and is the price that has to be paid in order to maximize bone accumulation during growth and minimize fracture risk in old age. FAU - Parfitt, A M
A retrospective study on breast cancer presentation, risk factors, and protective factors in patients with a positive family history of breast cancer.$$$ Women with a positive family history of breast cancer are greatly predisposed to breast cancer development. From January 2007 to December 2016, 1101 patients with a histologically confirmed breast cancer were divided into two groups: patients with and without a positive family history of breast cancer. Variables including age at presentation, ethnicity, tumor size, age at menarche, age at menopause, oral contraceptive pill (OCP) use, hormone replacement therapy (HRT), alcohol intake, smoking, body mass index (BMI), diabetes mellitus, parity, and breastfeeding were recorded. One hundred and fifty-nine out of 1101 (14.4%) of the patients had a family history of breast cancer. There was no significant difference in the incidence of breast cancer among Malays, Chinese, and Indians. Both patient groups presented at a mean age of about 60 years (+FH 60; -FH 61.2 P-value = .218). Significantly higher prevalence of history of benign breast disease (11.3%, P .018), nulliparity (13.2%, P .014), tumor size at presentation of more than 5 cm (47.3%, P 0.001), and bilateral site presentation (3.1%, P 0.029) were noted among respondents with a positive family history of breast cancer compared to those with a negative family history of breast cancer. The odds of having a tumor size larger than 5cm at presentation were almost two times higher in patients with a positive family history as compared to those without a family history (adjusted OR = 1.786, 95% CI 1.211-2.484) (P-value .003). Women in Malaysia, despite having a positive family history of breast cancer, still present late at a mean age of 60 with a large tumor size of more than 5 cm, reflecting a lack of awareness. Breastfeeding does not protect women with a family history from developing breast cancer.
Inverse association between estrogen receptor-α DNA methylation and breast composition in adolescent Chilean girls.$$$ BACKGROUND: Estrogen receptor-α (ER-α) is a transcriptional regulator, which mediates estrogen-dependent breast development, as well as breast tumorigenesis. The influence of epigenetic regulation of ER-α on adolescent breast composition has not been previously studied and could serve as a marker of pubertal health and susceptibility to breast cancer. We investigated the association between ER-α DNA methylation in leukocytes and breast composition in adolescent Chilean girls enrolled in the Growth and Obesity Cohort Study (GOCS) in Santiago, Chile. Breast composition (total breast volume (BV; cm(3)), fibroglandular volume (FGV; cm(3)), and percent fibroglandular volume (%FGV)) was measured at breast Tanner stage 4 (B4). ER-α promoter DNA methylation was assessed by pyrosequencing in blood samples collected at breast Tanner stages 2 (B2; n = 256) and B4 (n = 338). RESULTS: After adjusting for fat percentage at breast density measurement, ER-α methylation at B2, and cellular heterogeneity, we observed an inverse association between B4 average ER-α DNA methylation and BV and FGV. Geometric mean BV was 15% lower (95% CI: - 28%, - 1%) among girls in the highest quartile of B4 ER-α methylation (6.96-23.60%) relative to the lowest (0.78-3.37%). Similarly, FGV was 19% lower (95% CI: - 33%, - 2%) among girls in the highest quartile of B4 ER-α methylation relative to the lowest. The association between ER-α methylation and breast composition was not significantly modified by body fat percentage and was not influenced by pubertal timing. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that the methylation profile of ER-α may modulate adolescent response to estrogen and breast composition, which may influence breast cancer risk in adulthood. FAU - Binder, Alexandra M
Binge eating symptoms, diet composition and metabolic characteristics of obese children and adolescents.$$$ This study aimed to determine the occurrence of symptoms of binge eating (BE) among children and adolescents seeking treatment for their obesity, as well as to evaluate their diet composition and metabolic characteristics. The Binge Eating Scale (BES) was answered by 128 children and adolescents (10.77+/-2.04 years, BMI 29.15+/-4.98 kg/m2, BMI Z score 2.28+/-0.46, 53.91% pubescent), who were classified into two subgroups--binge eaters (score greater than or equal to 18 points) and non-binge eaters (score lower than 18 points). Anthropometric data, body composition and Tanner stages were collected and dietary evaluation conducted. Blood pressure was determined, and glucose, lipid profile and insulin assays were performed. Insulin resistance was determined using HOMA-IR. BE symptoms were present in 39.06% of patients. Carbohydrate intake in diet composition was significantly higher among binge eaters. Children with BE did not demonstrate significant dissimilar metabolic characteristics when compared to their counterparts without BE. Therefore, BE seems to be a prevalent problem among children and adolescents seeking help for their obesity. When associated with obesity, this eating behaviour can influence macronutrient consumption through increased carbohydrate intake. Further research would be valuable to verify the reproducibility of these findings. FAU - Lourenço, Barbara H
Comparison of various maternal anthropometric indices of obesity for identifying metabolic syndrome in offspring.$$$ BACKGROUND: Several maternal anthropometric markers have been associated with the metabolic syndrome (MS) in offspring. The objectives of this study were (1) to determine the association between children's MS and maternal anthropometric markers such as body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), WC/height, weight/sitting height squared, and WC/sitting height and (2) to compare the abilities of these five indices to identify children with MS. METHODS: Data were collected cross-sectionally from five elementary schools between April 2007 and March 2008. BMI, WC, WC/height, weight/sitting height squared, and WC/sitting height were acquired in mothers and their children. Tanner stage, blood pressure, glucose, lipids, and insulin were measured in children. Criteria analogous to Adult Treatment Panel III for MS were used for children. RESULTS: Of 624 children (307 boys) 8.96 +/- 1.86 years old, with their mothers being 36.25 +/- 7.14 years old, examined, 107 (17.1%) of children were obese (BMI >95th percentile per Centers for Disease Control and Prevention norms), and 95 (15.2%) were overweight (OW) (85th percentile < or =BMI < 95th percentile). Of the mothers, 109 (30.4%) were obese (BMI > 30 kg/m(2)), and 206 (33.0%) were OW (25 kg/m(2) < BMI < 30 kg/m(2)). Approximately 68% of the children were prepubertal. The prevalence of MS was 3.5% overall: 6.7% in OW and 13.9% in obese children. To determine which marker was a better predictor for MS, a receiver operating characteristics (ROC) curve was generated for the five maternal anthropometric measures, with children's MS as the dichotomous variable. The areas under the ROC curves were 0.697 +/- 0.07 for BMI, 0.698 +/- 0.07 for WC, 0.717 +/- 0.07 for WC/height, 0.725 +/- 0.07 for WC/sitting height, and 0.704 +/- 0.07 for weight/sitting height squared. There was no significant difference between the areas of the five maternal anthropometric markers as predictors of children's MS. CONCLUSIONS: Measurement of maternal sitting height had no advantages over total height in the prediction of children's MS. All maternal anthropometric measures identified the MS in their children consistent with known familial associations of obesity and type 2 diabetes. FAU - Hirschler, V
Early Diet and Later Cancer Risk: Prospective Associations of Dietary Patterns During Critical Periods of Childhood with the GH-IGF Axis, Insulin Resistance and Body Fatness in Younger Adulthood.$$$ Early life, adiposity rebound, and puberty represent critical growth periods when food choices could have long-term relevance for cancer risk. We aimed to relate dietary patterns during these periods to the growth hormone-insulin-like-growth-factor (GH-IGF) axis, insulin resistance, and body fatness in adulthood. Data from the Dortmund Nutritional and Anthropometric Longitudinally Designed (DONALD) Study participants with outcome data at 18-37 years, and ≥2 dietary records during early life (1-2 yr; n = 128), adiposity rebound (4-6 years, n = 179), or puberty (girls 9-14, boys 10-15 yr; n = 213) were used. Dietary patterns at these ages were derived by 1) reduced rank regression (RRR) to explain variation in adult IGF-I, IGF-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3), homoeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and fat-mass index; 2) principal component analysis (PCA). Regarding RRR, the patterns "cake/canned fruit/cheese & eggs" (early life), "sweets & dairy" (adiposity rebound) and "high-fat foods" (pubertal boys) were independently associated with higher adult HOMA-IR. Furthermore, the patterns "favorable carbohydrate sources" (early life), "snack & convenience foods" (adiposity rebound), and "traditional & convenience carbohydrates" (pubertal boys) were related to adult IGFBP-3 (P trend < 0.01). PCA identified "healthy" patterns for all periods, but none was associated with the outcomes (P trend > 0.1). In conclusion, dietary patterns during sensitive growth periods may be of long-term relevance for adult insulin resistance and IGFBP-3. FAU - Günther, Anke L B
Fitness, training, and the growth hormone-->insulin-like growth factor I axis in prepubertal girls.$$$ We recently demonstrated that a brief endurance type training program led to increases in thigh muscle mass and peak oxygen uptake (VO(2)) in prepubertal girls. In this study, we examined the effect of training on the GH-->insulin-like growth factor I (GH-->IGF-I) axis, a system known to be involved both in the process of growth and development and in the response to exercise. Healthy girls (mean age 9.17 +/- 0.10 yr old) volunteered for the study and were randomized to control (n = 20) and training groups (n = 19) for 5 weeks. Peak VO(2), thigh muscle volume, and blood samples [for IGF-I, IGF-binding proteins (IGFBP)-1 to -6, and GHBP] were measured. At baseline, IGF-I was significantly correlated with both peak VO(2) (r = 0.44, P < 0.02) and muscle volume (r = 0.58, P < 0.004). IGFBP-1 was negatively correlated with muscle volume (r = -0.71, P < 0.0001), as was IGFBP-2. IGFBP-4 and -5 were significantly correlated with muscle volume. We found a threshold value of body mass index percentile (by age) of about 71, above which systematic changes in GHBP, IGFBP-1, and peak VO(2) per kilogram were noted, suggesting decreases in the following: 1) GH function, 2) insulin sensitivity, and 3) fitness. Following the training intervention, IGF-I increased in control (19.4 +/- 9.6%, P < 0.05) but not trained subjects, and both IGFBP-3 and GHBP decreased in the training group (-4.2 +/- 3.1% and -9.9 +/- 3.8%, respectively, P < 0.05). Fitness in prepubertal girls is associated with an activated GH-->IGF-I axis, but, paradoxically, early in a training program, children first pass through what appears to be a neuroendocrine state more consistent with catabolism. FAU - Eliakim, A
Obesity is associated with insulin resistance and components of the metabolic syndrome in Lebanese adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: Prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MS) in obese adolescents has been reported to range between 18-42%, depending on country of origin, thus suggesting an ethnic-based association between obesity and MS. AIM: This study aims to investigate the magnitude of the association between obesity, insulin resistance and components of MS among adolescents in Lebanon. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: The sample included 263 adolescents at 4(th) and 5(th) Tanner stages of puberty (104 obese; 78 overweight; 81 normal weight). Anthropometric, biochemical and blood pressure measurements were performed. Body fat was assessed using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. RESULTS: According to International Diabetes Federation criteria, MS was identified in 21.2% of obese, 3.8% of overweight and 1.2% of normal weight subjects. The most common metabolic abnormalities among subjects having MS were elevated waist circumference (96.2%), low HDL (96.2%) and hypertriglyceridemia (73.1%). Insulin resistance was identified in all subjects having MS. Regression analyses showed that percentage body fat, waist circumference and BMI were similar in their ability to predict the MS in this age group. CONCLUSIONS: MS was identified in a substantial proportion of Lebanese obese adolescents, thus highlighting the importance of early screening for obesity-associated metabolic abnormalities and of developing successful multi-component interventions addressing adolescent obesity. FAU - Nasreddine, Lara
Factors influencing menarcheal age: results from the cohort of tehran lipid and glucose study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Menarche is considered as a milestone in the women's reproductive life. Most existing studies on factors influencing menarcheal age had cross-sectional designs and their finding were controversial. OBJECTIVES: We aimed to determine some factors affecting the age at menarche in a cohort study with an average of ten-year follow-up; the study was conducted within the framework of Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study (TLGS). MATERIALS AND METHODS: For the purpose of the present study, we recruited all the females aged 12 to 18 years participated in TLGS whose menarche had not begun at the initiation of the study, but occurred during their follow-up. The effect of premenarcheal status of various factors including socioeconomic and anthropometric parameters, physical activity, energy expenditure, and exposure to tobacco smoke on menarcheal age was explored. RESULTS: The mean of age at menarche was 13.06 ± 1.24 years. There were significant statistical associations between age of the participants' mothers at menarche (r = 0.66, P < 0.001), maternal education (r = -0.04, P = 0.002), and body mass index (BMI) before menarcheal (r = 0.25, P = 0.027) with age at menarche. There was no significant correlation between age at menarche, with either of maternal employment, premenarcheal physical activity, energy expenditure, and passive smoking. CONCLUSIONS: Among various factor influencing menarcheal age, premenarcheal BMI is modifiable, and considering its significance, could prevent early or late menarches. FAU - Ramezani Tehrani, Fahimeh
Cardiovascular risk in young Finns.$$$ This report describes the general outline and progress of a multicentre study on risk factors of coronary heart disease and their determinants in children and adolescents. "Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns" comprises a cross-sectional study of 3 to 18-year old subjects in 1980, and follow-up studies in 1983 and 1986 in various parts of Finland, and in 1989 in one of the study areas (Turku). The number of participants in 1980 was 3596 (83.1%) of those invited. In 1983 and 1986 83.2% and 77.8% of them, respectively, participated. The study programme has comprised questionnaire data on, for example, general health and living conditions, physical activity, eating habits, smoking, and psychological variables. The physical examination covered height, weight, skinfold thickness, pubertal stages and blood pressure. Blood specimens were obtained to assess concentrations of serum lipids and insulin, and in 1986 also for possible genetic markers of hypercholesterolemia. A 48 hour recall on nutrient intake was obtained from some of the subjects. The follow-up studies have enabled a study of the tracking phenomenon. Other important questions under study include, for example, the possible clustering of risk factors and their determinants. The cohorts studied provide a valuable research basis for the future, with emphasis on enabling a long-term follow-up of the subjects. FAU - Akerblom, H K
The growth hormone-insulin-like growth factor axis in glycogen storage disease type 1: evidence of different growth patterns and insulin-like growth factor levels in patients with glycogen storage disease type 1a and 1b.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To investigate the growth hormone (GH)-insulin-like growth factor (IGF) system in patients with glycogen storage disease type 1 (GSD1). STUDY DESIGN: This was a prospective, case-control study. Ten patients with GSD1a and 7 patients with GSD1b who were given dietary treatment and 34 sex-, age-, body mass index-, and pubertal stage-matched control subjects entered the study. Auxological parameters were correlated with circulating GH, either at basal or after growth hormone releasing hormone plus arginine test, insulin-like growth factors (IGF-I and IGF-II), and anti-pituitary antibodies (APA). RESULTS: Short stature was detected in 10.0% of patients with GSD1a, 42.9% of patients with GSD1b (P = .02), and none of the control subjects. Serum IGF-I levels were lower in patients with GSD1b (P = .0001). An impaired GH secretion was found in 40% of patients with GSD1a (P = .008), 57.1% of patients with GSD1b (P = .006), and none of the control subjects. Short stature was demonstrated in 3 of 4 patients with GSD1b and GH deficiency. The prevalence of APA was significantly higher in patients with GSD1b than in patients with GSD1a (P = .02) and control subjects (P = .03). The GH response to the provocative test inversely correlated with the presence of APA (P = .003). Compared with levels in control subjects, serum IGF-II and insulin levels were higher in both groups of patients, in whom IGF-II levels directly correlated with height SD scores (P = .003). CONCLUSION: Patients with GSD1a have an impaired GH secretion associated with reference range serum IGF-I levels and normal stature, whereas in patients with GSD1b, the impaired GH secretion, probably because of the presence of APA, was associated with reduced IGF-I levels and increased prevalence of short stature. The increased IGF-II levels, probably caused by increased insulin levels, in patients with GSD1 are presumably responsible for the improved growth pattern observed in patients receiving strict dietary treatment.
Healthy Post-Menarchal Adolescent Girls Demonstrate Multi-Level Reproductive Axis Immaturity.$$$ CONTEXT: Menstrual irregularity after menarche has been attributed to immature estrogen positive feedback activity (E+FB) but data are conflicting. OBJECTIVE: To determine the hypothalamic-pituitary-ovarian contributions to menstrual irregularity in adolescents. METHODS: Twenty-three healthy girls [aged 12.8 to 17.6 years; 0.4 to 3.5 years postmenarche; body mass index (BMI) percentile, 41.0 to 99.3] underwent serial hormone measurements and pelvic ultrasounds during two consecutive menstrual cycles. Hormones and follicle growth were compared with 65 adult historic controls with ovulatory cycles (OVs). RESULTS: Girls had anovulatory cycles (ANOVs; 30%), OVs with a short luteal phase (short OVs; 22%), or OVs with normal luteal phase (normal OVs; 48%) without differences in cycle length, chronologic or gynecologic age, or BMI. Adolescents showed a spectrum of E+FB [midcycle LH adjusted for preovulatory estradiol (E2)]; only normal OV girls were comparable to adults. All OV girls had lower E2, progesterone, and gonadotropins during the luteal phase and luteal-follicular transition compared with adults. Normal OV girls also had lower follicular phase LH and FSH levels, a longer follicular phase, a slower dominant follicle growth rate, and smaller estimated preovulatory follicle size than adults. Follicular phase E2 and inhibin B levels were lower in normal OV girls than in adults even after adjusting for differences in FSH and follicle size. CONCLUSIONS: Early postmenarchal girls with normal OVs demonstrate mature E+FB but continue to have lower gonadotropin levels, diminished ovarian responsiveness, and decreased corpus luteum sex steroid synthesis compared with adults, indicating that reproductive axis maturity requires coordinated development of all components of the hypothalamic-pituitary-ovarian axis. FAU - Sun, Bob Z
Growth Hormone Treatment in Children With Prader-Willi Syndrome: Three Years of Longitudinal Data in Prepubertal Children and Adult Height Data From the KIGS Database.$$$ CONTEXT: Longitudinal data of children with Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) treated with genotropin were registered in the Pfizer International Growth Database (KIGS). OBJECTIVE: To evaluate efficacy and safety of growth hormone (GH) treatment in a large group of children with PWS. DESIGN: Data registered in KIGS from 1987 to 2012. SETTING: Worldwide retrospective cohort study. PATIENTS: Patients included 522 prepubertal children treated with GH for three years and 173 children who had reached adult height. Safety analysis included 2332 children. Intervention involved GH treatment. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Height standard deviation score (SDS), body mass index (BMI) SDS, occurrence of serious adverse events, and deaths reported in KIGS. RESULTS: In prepubertal children, mean (standard deviation) height SDS improved to -0.31 (1.34) (P < 0.05) during three years of GH treatment. In the adolescent group, height SDS improved until the start of puberty to -0.22 (1.31) (P < 0.05) but had a loss of -0.77 (0.81) during puberty, resulting in a mean adult height SDS of -1.19 (1.37). Total height gain was 0.95 (1.32) SDS. BMI SDS increased in the prepubertal group from 1.11 (2.09) to 1.53 (1.43) (P < 0.05) and did not significantly change in the adolescent group, who had a BMI SDS at an adult height of 1.78 (1.26). KIGS contained 12 death reports. CONCLUSIONS: GH treatment in children with PWS significantly improves linear growth. BMI remains on average below +2 SDS, in contrast to the natural course of increasing obesity in PWS. Safety should be closely monitored in children with PWS, with and without GH treatment.
Insulin sensitivity at childhood predicts changes in total and central adiposity over a 6-year period.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine the associations of insulin resistance at childhood with adiposity changes over a 6-year period (from 9 to 15 years) in a sample of 659 Swedish and Estonian children (52.7% girls) participating in the European Youth Heart Study. RESEARCH, DESIGN AND METHODS: We measured weight, height, waist circumference, biceps, triceps, subscapular, suprailiac, and medial calf skinfolds, and we calculated body mass index (BMI), sum of five skinfolds, and body fat percentage. Fasting plasma glucose and insulin were measured and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was calculated. Changes in puberty stage, sex, centre and the corresponding baseline adiposity values were used as confounders in all analysis. RESULTS: HOMA-IR at childhood was significantly and positively associated with changes in BMI (β=0.265; P=0.024), sum of five skinfolds (β=0.3445; P=0.003), body fat percentage (β=1.042; P=0.016) and waist circumference (β=0.806; P=0.002) from childhood to adolescence. These relationships persisted when overweight children were excluded from the analysis. BMI, sum of five skinfolds, body fat percentage and waist circumference at childhood were not significantly associated with changes in HOMA-IR (P for all >0.1). CONCLUSIONS: These results give further support to the concept that lower insulin sensitivity at childhood may predict subsequent total and central adiposity gain at adolescence. These findings enhance the role of insulin sensitivity as a target of obesity prevention already from the first decades of life. FAU - Labayen, I
Leptin Receptor Gene Variant rs11804091 Is Associated with BMI and Insulin Resistance in Spanish Female Obese Children: A Case-Control Study. LID - 10.3390/ijms18081690 [doi] LID - 1690$$$ Leptin is an endocrine hormone that has a critical role in body weight homoeostasis and mediates its effects via the leptin receptor (LEPR). Common polymorphisms in the genes coding leptin receptors have been associated with metabolic abnormalities. We assessed the association of 28 LEPR polymorphisms with body mass index (BMI) and their relationship with obesity-related phenotypes, inflammation and cardiovascular disease risk biomarkers. A multicentre case-control study was conducted in 522 children (286 with obesity and 236 with normal-BMI). All anthropometric, metabolic factors and biomarkers were higher in children with obesity except apolipoprotein (Apo)-AI, cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c), and adiponectin, which were lower in the obesity group; and glucose, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c), and matrix metalloproteinase-9 that did not differ between groups. We identified the associations between rs11208659, rs11804091, rs10157275, rs9436303 and rs1627238, and BMI in the whole population, as well as the association of rs11804091, rs10157275, and rs1327118 with BMI in the female group, although only the rs11804091 remained associated after Bonferroni correction (p = 0.038). This single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP) was also associated with insulin (p = 0.004), homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (p = 0.006), quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) (p = 0.005) and adiponectin (p = 0.046) after adjusting for age, Tanner stage and BMI. Our results show a sex-specific association between the rs11804091 and obesity suggesting an influence of this SNP on insulin resistance. FAU - Olza, Josune
The beta 3-adrenergic receptor gene Trp64Arg mutation is overrepresented in obese women. Effects on weight, BMI, abdominal fat, blood pressure, and reproductive history in an elderly Australian population.$$$ A tryptophan to arginine (Trp64Arg) mutation in the beta 3-adrenergic receptor (beta 3-AR) gene has been implicated in diabetes and obesity. We investigated the relationship of the beta 3-AR gene mutation with total body weight, BMI, central abdominal fat, blood pressure (BP), and reproductive history in 686 elderly subjects (429 women, 257 men; mean age 69.8 +/- 6.9 [+/-SD] years) from a cross section of a normal population in Australia. About 14% of the test population were heterozygote carriers of the Trp64Arg mutation; however, significant effects on clinical parameters were only observed in women. The frequency of the mutation was significantly increased in obese women compared with lean women (BMI > or = 27: 20% compared with BMI < 27: 11%, P = 0.02). Significantly higher total body weight (67.5 +/- 12.9 vs. 64.1 +/- 12.2 kg, P = 0.03) and BMI (26.3 +/- 4.7 vs. 25.1 +/- 4.5 kg/m2, P = 0.03) was observed in heterozygote women compared with normal subjects (homozygous for tryptophan). Central abdominal fat was not significantly different, except in women under 70 years, where heterozygotes had 16% higher abdominal fat compared with normal subjects. Female heterozygotes had significantly higher diastolic BP, even after adjustment for age and BMI (88.9 +/- 11.1 vs. 84.2 +/- 10.8 mmHg, P = 0.003) and a longer reproductive life, with an earlier menarche (12.8 +/- 1.3 vs. 13.4 +/- 1.5 years, P = 0.006), a higher gravidity (4.4 +/- 2.4 vs. 3.5 +/- 2.1, P = 0.01), and higher parity (3.8 +/- 2.0 vs. 3.0 +/- 1.9, P = 0.005). Clearly, the beta 3-AR mutation has pleiotrophic effects on a number of physiological systems, including BMI, BP, and reproductive history, perhaps suggesting evolutionary reasons for its maintenance in the population. FAU - Kurabayashi, T
Growth patterns in children with congenital vertebral anomaly.$$$ STUDY DESIGN: Height and weight data in children with congenital vertebral anomaly, recorded routinely during clinical follow-up, were analyzed. OBJECTIVES: To determine whether these children are significantly deficient in growth or show an abnormality of maturation. SUMMARY OF BACKGROUND DATA: Structural abnormalities in the vertebral column, and surgery to prevent or correct deformity secondary to this, clearly have the potential to affect the individual's final height. It is not clear, however, whether this is the whole problem, or whether there are other factors to be considered. METHODS: The height and weight of patients with all forms of spinal deformity are routinely recorded at outpatient visits. Data from patients with congenital vertebral abnormalities were analyzed and compared with the national standards. To test the possibility that the observed short stature might be familial, family groups (parents and siblings of patients) were invited to be measured. RESULTS: At the end of growth, patients with congenital vertebral anomalies were smaller than average and also smaller than their parents and siblings. This was more marked in girls and in the presence of associated anomalies, especially when multiple, as in VACTERL association (vertebral, anal, cardiac, tracheal, esophageal, renal, and limb anomalies). It was also exacerbated by surgery, which had a demonstrable stunting effect on the spine. DISCUSSION: Although shortening of the spine was demonstrated in patients with prior spinal surgery, the contributions of the fact of surgery and the presumed severity of anatomic abnormality could not be differentiated. The observations that, even without surgery, girls were generally on a lower percentile than boys and that both have a tendency to lose height at growth spurt invite further investigation. CONCLUSIONS: The shortening of the spine by surgery is not a contraindication to treatment, because a straight, balanced spine must always be preferable to a longer, crooked and unbalanced one. However, it is another facet to be remembered when considering the management plan of the whole child. FAU - Goldberg, Caroline J
Serum sex hormone-binding globulin levels in healthy children and girls with precocious puberty before and during gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist treatment.$$$ CONTEXT: The regulation of SHBG is complex and influenced by sex steroids and insulin. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to describe serum levels and evaluate determinants of SHBG levels in healthy children and in girls with central precocious puberty (CPP) before and during GnRH analog (GnRHa) treatment. DESIGN: We conducted a cross-sectional study on healthy subjects and a 2-yr longitudinal study in girls with CPP. SETTING: The study took place at a tertiary referral center for pediatric endocrinology. PARTICIPANTS/PATIENTS: A total of 903 healthy schoolchildren served as healthy subjects, and 25 girls with precocious/early puberty participated. INTERVENTIONS: Girls with CPP were treated with the long-acting GnRHa triptorelin. RESULTS: SHBG levels declined with increasing age in both sexes until adulthood. In healthy children, SHBG was significantly negatively correlated with testosterone, estradiol, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, and body mass index (BMI) in boys (total model R(2) = 0.71) but only with dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate and BMI in girls (total model R(2) = 0.26). Body fat percentage was significantly negatively correlated with SHBG levels (P < 0.001) in both boys (R(2) = 0.18) and girls (R(2) = 0.23). Girls with CPP had significantly lower pretreatment SHBG levels compared with age-matched controls [SHBG sd score, -1.29 (-4.48; 0.01)], which declined even further during GnRHa treatment [-2.75 (-5.9; 0.53); P < 0.001]. Even after adjustment for BMI and pubertal stage, girls with CPP had lower SHBG levels (P < 0.001) compared with healthy controls. CONCLUSIONS: SHBG levels were strongly dependent on body composition and sex steroid levels in children with normal and precocious puberty. Studies on insulin sensitivity and SHBG in puberty are needed to better understand the interaction between body composition and gonadal maturation. FAU - Sørensen, K
Life-course origins of social inequalities in metabolic risk in the population of a developing country.$$$ In countries that have been industrialized for a long time, but not always elsewhere, low socioeconomic position (SEP) is associated with ischemic heart disease in men. The authors hypothesized that socioeconomic development could, via pubertal sex steroids, promote an atherogenic lipid profile and body shape in men but not in women. Therefore, they examined the associations of SEP with ischemic heart disease risk in a developing-country population. The authors used multivariable regression to examine the associations of SEP with the metabolic syndrome and its components in 9,746 Chinese adults aged >/=50 years from the Guangzhou Biobank Cohort Study, phase 2, recruited in 2005-2006. After adjustment for age, smoking, alcohol use, and physical activity, high SEP at each of three life stages, proxied by parental possesions in childhood, education, and longest held-occupation, was inversely associated with the metabolic syndrome in women but not in men. Higher SEP in men was associated with lower pulse pressure and fasting plasma glucose level but also with greater waist circumference and a lower high density lipoprotein cholesterol level. With socioeconomic development, diet-related hormonal changes at puberty may outweigh the usual protective effect of social advantage in men, with corresponding implications for boys currently undergoing the nutrition transition in the developing world. FAU - Schooling, C M
Childhood adiposity and adolescent sex steroids in the Exploring Perinatal Outcomes among Children study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: It is unclear how childhood adipose tissue deposition influences sex hormone profiles in later adolescence. DESIGN: Prospective cohort study. PARTICIPANTS: Children (n = 418) with a mean age of 10.5 (1.5) years at visit 1 and 16.7 (1.2) at visit 2 in the Exploring Perinatal Outcomes among Children (EPOCH) Study. MEASUREMENTS: We used reverse-scale Cox proportional hazard models to assess associations between pubertal dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), testosterone (T), and oestradiol (E2) and childhood-to-puberty rate of change in visceral (VAT) and subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT). Models stratified by sex and adjusted for childhood adiposity, maternal factors, birthweight and pubertal onset, and then further adjusted for insulin, luteinizing hormone (LH), leptin and hepatic fat fraction. RESULTS: Among boys, more rapid accumulation of either VAT or SAT was associated with lower testosterone at visit 2 (HR 0.86, and .96, respectively, both P < .0001), independently of race/ethnicity, LH, leptin and hepatic fat fraction. Among boys, more childhood VAT was associated with lower testosterone in adolescence (HR 0.98, P = .003), but this association did not persist after adjustment for leptin or insulin. No associations were observed between either fat measure and oestradiol or DHEA in boys. In girls, no associations between childhood fat or fat accumulation and sex hormones were observed. CONCLUSIONS: More rapid accumulation of fat is associated with lower testosterone in boys. These associations suggest that fat growth influences androgen profiles in adolescent boys. Since fat accumulation is a modifiable risk factor, the study results provide a possible intervention target and time period for improving adult health.
Body iron status of children and adolescents with transfusion dependent β-thalassaemia: trends of serum ferritin and associations of optimal body iron control.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This cross sectional study aims to describe the body iron status, trends of serum ferritin and associations of optimal body iron control in patients aged below 16 years with transfusion dependent β-thalassaemia attending Paediatric and Adolescent Thalassaemia Centres of the Colombo North Teaching Hospital of Sri Lanka. RESULTS: Out of 54 children, 51% were males and a majority were aged 11-16 years; 83% had β-thalassaemia major while 13% had HbE β-thalassaemia. Mean serum ferritin was 1778(± 1458) µg/l and 29% had optimal serum ferritin (below 1000 µg/l). Trend of mean serum ferritin over time showed gradual decline between 2011 and 2017 and longitudinal trend of individual patients at yearly intervals showed gradual rise until 5 years of age and plateauing thereafter. All except two patients were receiving iron chelator medication of which the most commonly used was oral deferasirox (92%). The most common iron-related complications were short stature (24.1%) and pubertal delay (42.8% of > 14 years). None of the patients had hypothyroidism, hypoparathyroidism or diabetes. Optimal serum ferritin levels were significantly associated with the diagnosis of thalassaemia at a later age (23.6 vs 9.0 months) and higher family income (OR-4.81;95%CI 1.17-19.67) however was not associated with the age of the patient or duration of transfusion. FAU - Suriapperuma, Tharindi
Correlation between longitudinal bone growth, growth hormone, and insulin-like growth factor-I in prepubertal dogs.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the association between longitudinal bone growth and concentrations of growth hormone (GH) and insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) in serum from prepubertal dogs. Animals-6 male 14-week-old German Shepherd Dogs. PROCEDURE: Blood was obtained every 30 minutes for 14 consecutive days. Concentrations of GH and IGF-I in serum were determined, using a canine-specific radioimmunoassay and conventional radioimmunoassay after acid-ethanol extraction, respectively. Simultaneous biplanar radiography was performed daily to measure bone growth. Spectral analysis was used to estimate specific features of GH secretion during an extended period. Multiple linear regression with different lag times between independent and dependent variables was used to determine the strongest predictors of bone growth. RESULTS: The power spectra of GH concentrations in serum had a primary peak at a frequency of 0.02 cycles/h or a periodicity of 50 h/cycle. A significant determinant of longitudinal bone growth was a lag time of 1 day in concentration of GH in serum. The relationship between IGF-I concentration in serum and bone growth was not significant. CONCLUSIONS: The primary frequency of GH secretion is outside the time frame of a single day and the concentration of GH in serum is a primary determinant of bone growth. CLINICAL RELEVANCE: A better understanding of the components of bone growth provide discernment to improved diagnosis and treatment of abnormal bone growth. FAU - Conzemius, M G
Endocrine and pubertal disturbances in optic nerve hypoplasia, from infancy to adolescence.$$$ BACKGROUND: Endocrinologic abnormalities are a common co-morbidity in patients with optic nerve hypoplasia (ONH), however the impact on puberty is unknown. The purpose of this study was to examine rates of endocrine dysfunction and pubertal disturbances in a pediatric population of ONH. METHODS: A retrospective chart review was conducted on a cohort of children with ONH between January 2005 and March 2013. Endocrine dysfunction was determined based on laboratory evidence of hormone deficiency or hormone replacement. Pubertal disturbances were characterized based on presence of micropenis, tanner staging, menarche and hormone replacement. Pituitary abnormalities were classified using MRI findings. Descriptive statistics were used, and comparisons between groups were performed using the chi-square test. RESULTS: During the study period, 101 patients underwent an endocrine evaluation (median age: 2.3 years [0.76 - 6.5]). Hypopituitarism was present in 73% of patients with growth hormone deficiency (56%) and hypothyroidism (54%) being the most common. Pubertal disturbances (n = 19) were common; micropenis in 31% (13/42) of males and 2% with precocious puberty. Half of adolescents (n = 4/8) were diagnosed with gonadotropin deficiency. Patients with MRI pituitary abnormalities were more likely to have endocrine dysfunction than those without (p = 0.004). The sensitivity and specificity of MRI pituitary abnormalities for hypopituitarism was 54% and 92%, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: A significant proportion of children with ONH have endocrine dysfunction. The high frequency of pubertal disturbances in this study emphasizes the need for long-term monitoring of developing endocrinopathy. While pituitary gland abnormalities are a good predictor of endocrine dysfunction, a normal pituitary gland does not rule out endocrinopathy. FAU - Oatman, Oliver J
Predictive Value of Dental Maturity for a Positive Gonadotropin-Releasing Hormone Stimulation Test Result in Girls with Precocious Puberty.$$$ Dental maturity is associated with skeletal maturity, which is advanced in girls with central precocious puberty (CPP). We investigated the performance of dental maturity as a screening method for CPP using mandibular second premolar and molar calcification stages, assessed the associated anthropometric and laboratory factors, and evaluated pubertal response predictors using the gonadotropin-releasing hormone stimulation test (GnRHST) in prepubertal and pubertal girls. A prospective case-control study was conducted in girls, aged 7.0-8.9 years, classified into pubertal (peak luteinizing hormone [LH] after GnRHST ≥ 5 IU/L), prepubertal (peak LH < 5 IU/L), and control groups. Auxological and biochemical tests, panoramic radiographs, and GnRHSTs in participants with breast development were conducted. Dental maturity was assessed using the Demirjian index (DI). We included 103 girls (pubertal, 40; prepubertal, 19; control, 44). Chronological age (CA) was not significantly different between groups. Bone age (BA) and BA advancement was higher in the pubertal and prepubertal groups. Increased DI values at the mandibular second premolar and molar were significantly associated with CA, BA, BA advancement, height standard deviation score (SDS), peak LH after GnRHST, and insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) (all P < 0.05). Moreover, odds ratio (OR) of the mandibular second premolar and molar (a DI value of ≥ E) for predicting a positive response to GnRHST was 8.7 (95% confidence intervals [CI], 2.9-26.1) and 5.2 (95% CI, 2.2-12.7), respectively. Dental maturity was a strong predictor for diagnosing CPP. Determining dental maturity in girls with suspected precocious puberty might help determine the performance of GnRHSTs. FAU - Baik, Jee Seon
Differentiated thyroid carcinoma in pediatric patients: comparison of presentation and course between pre-pubertal children and adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the clinical characteristics, course, and outcome of differentiated thyroid carcinoma (DTC) in pre-pubertal children compared with adolescents. STUDY DESIGN: The records of 10 pre-pubertal and 17 pubertal patients in whom DTC was diagnosed and who were observed in our tertiary pediatric endocrine clinic were reviewed. Extension of tumor at presentation, treatment modality, course, and outcome were analyzed. RESULTS: A positive family history of DTC was more prevalent in the pre-pubertal group (P = .037). At diagnosis, they had a greater degree of extrathyroid extension (P = .012), lymph node involvement (P = .009), and lung metastases (P = .009). The extent of surgery was similar in both groups, whereas the weight-adjusted radioiodine (I(131)) ablative dose was higher in the pre-pubertal group (P = .004). During the median follow-up of 5 years, the overall survival rate was 100% for both groups, with no significant difference in evidence of residual tumor after initial therapy or the recurrence rate. CONCLUSION: DTC has a more aggressive presentation in pre-pubertal children. Rigorous initial surgical and I(131) treatment, followed by thyrotropin suppression, was found to result in an outcome similar to that achieved in the pubertal group. FAU - Lazar, Liora
Relationship of leptin to bone mineralization in children and adolescents.$$$ Serum leptin concentrations and bone mass are concordant in several respects. Obesity is associated with increased serum leptin concentrations and bone mineral, whereas undernutrition reduces serum leptin concentrations and bone mineral. Furthermore, both bone mineral and serum leptin concentrations increase at the initiation of puberty. However, there is a lack of empirical evidence of an independent association of serum leptin concentrations and bone mineral in youth. Thus, we used hierarchical regression to determine whether serum leptin concentrations were related to bone mineral in boys (n = 28) and girls (n = 31). Bone mineral content, density, and apparent density of the total body and body regions were measured by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry and statistically adjusted for chronological age, fat mass, bone-free fat-free mass, and serum IGF-I and estradiol concentrations. Sequential addition of serum log((10)) leptin concentrations to the block of body size variables and the block of hormone variables did not increase R(2) for any of the total or regional bone mineral content, bone mineral density, and bone mineral apparent density variables. We conclude that serum leptin concentrations do not add to the prediction of bone mineral in youth after accounting for age, fat mass, bone-free fat-free mass, and serum IGF-I and estradiol concentrations. FAU - Roemmich, James N
[Prevalence of metabolic syndrome in children and adolescents who consult with obesity].$$$ BACKGROUND: The higher prevalence of childhood obesity has led to search for metabolic syndrome (MS) in this age group. AIM: To study the prevalence of MS in obese children and adolescents. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Cross sectional study of 255 obese children and adolescents aged 11.3 ± 2.4 years, 45% males, 60% pubertal, with a body mass index (BMI) z score of 2.7 ± 0.6, who were evaluated for obesity. MS was defined as the presence of at least three of the following criteria, according to Ferranti: fasting glucose (FG) ≥ 100 mg/dl, triglycerides (TG) ≥ 100 mg/dl, HDL < 50 mg/dl, waist circumference (WC) > percentile (p) 75 and blood pressure (BP) > p90. Patients were also classified using Cook criteria: FG ≥ 100 mg/dl, TG ≥ 110 mg/dl, HDL < 40 mg/dl, WC > p 90, BP > p 90. RESULTS: MS was observed in 45 and 22.7% of patients, according to Ferranti and Cook definitions, respectively. WC was the most frequent criteria and glucose was the most uncommon. Males had higher body mass index, WC and TG levels than females. According to Ferranti and Cook definitions, MS prevalence was 53.5 and 28% in males and 37.6 and l8.4% in females (p < 0.05). Fifty and 26.1% of pubertal patients exhibited MS vs 36.9 and 17.5% in pre-pubertal subjects (p < 0.05) using Ferranti and Cook criteria, respectively. The frequency of MS increased along with a higher BMI. CONCLUSIONS: MS is a prevalent condition in obese children and adolescents, especially in males and pubertal children. It is necessary to have a better and universal definition for MS in pediatrics including all ages, in order to be focused in obesity prevention and treatment. FAU - Eyzaguirre, Francisca
Association between insulin-like growth factor-1, measures of overnutrition and undernutrition and insulin resistance in black adolescents living in the North-West Province, South Africa.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine if insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) is a significant predictor of body fat percentage (%BF), lean body mass, and insulin resistance (IR) in black adolescents presenting with overnutrition and undernutrition. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was undertaken in 181 adolescents (111 girls, 70 boys, 13-20 years old) from a low socio-economic population in the North-West Province, South Africa. Anthropometric measurements were performed, and %BF and lean mass were assessed by air displacement plethysmography. Serum glucose, leptin, insulin, IGF-1 and IGF-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) were measured and homeostasis model assessment of IR (HOMA-IR) was calculated. Predictors of body composition and HOMA-IR were determined in multivariate linear regressions. RESULTS: Of the boys, 31% had a %BF >20%, whereas 42% of girls had a %BF >30%. Furthermore, 17.1% male and 18.9% female adolescents were stunted, indicating overnutrition and undernutrition in the same group. IGF-1 showed a negative association with %BF in both sexes, and a positive correlation with height-for-age z-score (HAZ) and lean mass, respectively, in the boys. IGF-1 correlated positively and physical activity correlated negatively with fasting insulin and HOMA-IR in the girls. In both sexes, leptin had the strongest association with %BF in multiple regressions. Leptin and Tanner stage were significant predictors of HOMA-IR in girls, but not in boys. CONCLUSIONS: IGF-1 was positively associated with lean mass and HAZ in boys, indicating a beneficial relationship with linear growth, but with IR in the girls, indicating possible adverse metabolic effects in the presence of high %BF and physical inactivity.
Organochlorine pesticides and female puberty in South Kazakhstan.$$$ The purpose of the study was to assess the puberty of females living in cotton-growing regions of South Kazakhstan, where organochlorine pesticides are widely used. The physical growth and sexual development were assessed; organochlorine pesticides, gonadotropic and steroid hormones, as well as insulin-like growth factor 1 in the peripheral blood were determined. 524 females (adolescents aged 10-17) were examined. They were divided into 2 groups, depending on their place of residence. The clinical research included the assessment of physical and sexual development. All examined females lived in rural areas, i.e. they were comparable in terms of social, welfare, and climatographic factors. A high concentration of organochlorine pesticides (lindane-18.51±0.16mg/l, dieldrin-169.16±3.13mg/l, DDT-177.78±2.71mg/l, endrin-37.57±0.9mg/l) in the blood of females living in regions exposed to pesticides compared to their peers (4.05±0.41mg/l, 30.8±3.7mg/l, 109.7±2.58mg/l, 4.85±0.69mg/l respectively) was found (p<0.001). The physical and sexual development of such females was delayed. The research established a correlation between the concentration of pesticides and the endocrine status, as well as with the insulin-like growth factor 1. This shows the adverse effect of organochlorine pesticides on the development of the female reproductive system during puberty.
The IGF1 pathway genes and their association with age of puberty in cattle.$$$ Insulin-like growth factor I (somatomedin C) (IGF1) influences gonadotrophin-releasing hormone (GnRH) neurons during puberty, and GnRH release guides pubertal development. Therefore, genes of the IGF1 pathway are biological candidates for the identification of single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) affecting age of puberty. In a genome-wide association study, genotyped heifers were Tropical Composite (TCOMP, n = 866) or Brahman (BRAH, n = 843), with observation of age at first corpus luteum defining puberty. We examined SNPs in or near genes of the IGF1 pathway and report seven genes associated with age at puberty in cattle: IGF1R, IGFBP2, IGFBP4, PERK (HUGO symbol EIF2AK3), PIK3R1, GSK3B and IRS1. SNPs in the IGF1 receptor (IGF1R) showed the most promising associations: two SNPs were associated with puberty in TCOMP (P < 0.05) and one in BRAH (P = 0.00009). This last SNP explained 2% of the genetic variation (R(2) = 2.04%) for age of puberty in BRAH. Hence, IGF1R was examined further. Additional SNPs were genotyped, and haplotypes were analysed. To test more SNPs in this gene, four new SNPs from dbSNP were selected and genotyped. Single SNP and haploytpe analysis revealed associations with age of puberty in both breeds. There were two haplotypes of 12 IGF1R SNPs associated with puberty in BRAH (P < 0.05) and one in TCOMP (P < 0.05). One haplotype of two SNPs was associated (P < 0.01) with puberty in BRAH, but not in TCOMP. In conclusion, the IGF1 pathway appeared more relevant for age of puberty in Brahman cattle, and IGF1R showed higher significance when compared with other genes from the pathway.
Relationship between blood-spot insulin-like growth factor 1 levels and hand-wrist assessment of skeletal maturity.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Accurate prediction of the timing of the pubertal growth spurt and the amount of remaining growth are factors that affect treatment decisions in orthodontics, orthognathic surgery, and dental implantology. For many years, medical and dental professionals have considered hand-wrist radiographs the method of choice for the assessment of skeletal maturity. Insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) mirrors growth hormone levels and is used by endocrinologists to diagnose growth hormone disturbances. METHODS: The objective of this study was to establish a relationship between IGF-1 levels collected from blood-spot samples and hand-wrist radiographs at various skeletal stages. Eighty-four subjects (45 female, 39 male) between the ages of 5 and 25 were included in the study. Each subject had personal information, a hand-wrist radiograph, and a blood-spot sample collected on the same day. RESULTS: The IGF-1 levels were highest at the hand-wrist skeletal stages that were previously associated with the greatest amount of mandibular growth. These levels were significantly higher than at prepubertal and postpubertal stages. In the postpubertal group, the IGF-1 levels were lower as the subjects' ages increased and they moved away from the onset of puberty. CONCLUSIONS: Longitudinal data are necessary to confirm the usefulness of this technique in predicting the timing, the intensity, and the end of the growth spurt. FAU - Masoud, Mohamed I
Turner syndrome and associated problems in Turkish children: a multicenter study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Turner syndrome (TS) is a chromosomal disorder caused by complete or partial X chromosome monosomy that manifests various clinical features depending on the karyotype and on the genetic background of affected girls. This study aimed to systematically investigate the key clinical features of TS in relationship to karyotype in a large pediatric Turkish patient population. METHODS: Our retrospective study included 842 karyotype-proven TS patients aged 0-18 years who were evaluated in 35 different centers in Turkey in the years 2013-2014. RESULTS: The most common karyotype was 45,X (50.7%), followed by 45,X/46,XX (10.8%), 46,X,i(Xq) (10.1%) and 45,X/46,X,i(Xq) (9.5%). Mean age at diagnosis was 10.2±4.4 years. The most common presenting complaints were short stature and delayed puberty. Among patients diagnosed before age one year, the ratio of karyotype 45,X was significantly higher than that of other karyotype groups. Cardiac defects (bicuspid aortic valve, coarctation of the aorta and aortic stenosis) were the most common congenital anomalies, occurring in 25% of the TS cases. This was followed by urinary system anomalies (horseshoe kidney, double collector duct system and renal rotation) detected in 16.3%. Hashimoto's thyroiditis was found in 11.1% of patients, gastrointestinal abnormalities in 8.9%, ear nose and throat problems in 22.6%, dermatologic problems in 21.8% and osteoporosis in 15.3%. Learning difficulties and/or psychosocial problems were encountered in 39.1%. Insulin resistance and impaired fasting glucose were detected in 3.4% and 2.2%, respectively. Dyslipidemia prevalence was 11.4%. CONCLUSION: This comprehensive study systematically evaluated the largest group of karyotype-proven TS girls to date. The karyotype distribution, congenital anomaly and comorbidity profile closely parallel that from other countries and support the need for close medical surveillance of these complex patients throughout their lifespan. FAU - Yeşilkaya, Ediz
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor and its relation to leptin in obese children before and after weight loss.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) is a regulator of energy homeostasis and food intake through hypothalamic signaling. Currently, data regarding BDNF in children with obesity are lacking. We evaluated serum BDNF concentrations in obese children, both before and after lifestyle intervention, in reference to those of lean children. METHODS: A total of 90 (24 normal weight; 66 obese) children were studied utilizing a cross-sectional clinical outpatient study design. In addition, longitudinal data analysis was performed in 30 obese children participating in a lifestyle intervention for one year. RESULTS: Fasting serum BDNF concentrations were higher in obese vs. normal weight children (BDNF 20.3±1.0 vs. 12.5±1.7 ng/mL, respectively, mean±SEM, p<0.001) and correlated significantly to BMI standard deviation score (r=0.426, p<0.001), and leptin (r=0.414, p<0.01). BDNF concentrations were not regulated in response to food, 60 min after ingestion of a liquid test meal. After one year lifestyle intervention, delta BDNF correlated significantly to delta leptin (r=0.475, p<0.01), but not to changes of insulin resistance index HOMA-IR, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, HDL, LDL, and triglycerides. In a multiple stepwise linear regression adjusted for pubertal stage, age, sex, and BMI, delta BDNF correlated significantly (p<0.05) to delta leptin and delta triceps skinfold and in tendency to delta subscapularis skinfold thickness (p=0.050). CONCLUSIONS: Our results in children do not indicate a significant relationship between BDNF and insulin resistance or cardiovascular risk factors. However, the correlation between changes of BDNF and changes of leptin suggests a relationship between BDNF and fat mass.
Validity of adiponectin-to-leptin and adiponectin-to-resistin ratios as predictors of polycystic ovary syndrome.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the association of changes in adipokine ratios with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and related features as altered levels of the adipokines adiponectin, leptin, and resistin were linked with the pathogenesis of PCOS. DESIGN: Case-control retrospective study. SETTING: Outpatient obstetrics/gynecology and adult endocrinology clinics. PATIENT(S): Unrelated women with PCOS (n = 211) and age-matched control women (n = 215). INTERVENTION(S): None. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Utility of adiponectin/leptin and adiponectin/resistin ratios as potential biomarkers of PCOS and associated features. RESULT(S): Significant differences in adiponectin but not leptin or resistin serum levels were seen between women with PCOS and control women. Ratios of adiponectin/leptin and adiponectin/resistin, but not leptin/resistin ratios, were statistically significantly different between PCOS cases and control women. Receiver operated characteristics area under the curve demonstrated sensitivity and specificity for adiponectin/leptin and adiponectin/resistin but not leptin/resistin ratios or individual adipokines as predictors of PCOS. Adiponectin/leptin and adiponectin/resistin ratios negatively correlated with body mass index, homeostatic model assessment, insulin resistance, and free insulin, testosterone, and sex hormone-binding globulin. In addition, adiponectin/resistin ratio negatively correlated with menarche. CONCLUSION(S): Ratios of adiponectin/leptin and adiponectin/resistin constitute novel predictor factors to explain PCOS and associated features and thus may present target for novel therapeutics in PCOS.
Growth pattern and final height after cessation of gonadotropin-suppressive therapy in girls with central sexual precocity.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to determine whether height gain after discontinuation of gonadotropin-suppressive (GnRHa) therapy differs in girls with sexual precocity diagnosed at various ages and assess its influence on final height (FHt) outcome. DESIGN: We compared data on post-GnRHa treatment course and FHt of 115 girls [22 diagnosed before chronological age of 6 yr; 38 between ages 6 and 8 yr; and 55 early fast puberty (EFP) between ages 8 and 9 yr] treated with GnRHa from Tanner stage 2-3 to chronological age 11-12 yr and bone age 12-12.5 yr. RESULTS: Despite comparable bone age at cessation of treatment, similar time to resumption of puberty (0.6 +/- 0.7, 0.5 +/- 0.7, and 0.5 +/- 0.7 yr), and age at menarche (12.6 +/- 0.5, 12.6 +/- 0.6, and 12.7 +/- 0.9 yr), height gain from cessation of therapy to FHt was greater and time to epiphyseal fusion was longer in the younger central precocious puberty (CPP) than in the older CPP (P < 0.05) and EFP (P < 0.001) groups. The percentage of residual growth predicted at discontinuation of treatment was achieved only by the younger CPP (6.6 +/- 1.6% vs. 6.7 +/- 1.6%), whereas in older CPP and EFP, it was significantly lower (6.2 +/- 1.6% vs. 4.6 +/- 2.7% and 6.3 +/- 1.5% vs. 3.6 +/- 1.5%, respectively). FHt of these two groups was compromised, compared with FHt predicted at discontinuation of treatment (P < 0.01 and P < 0.001, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Girls with sexual precocity diagnosed after the age of 6 yr exhibit earlier epiphyseal fusion with diminished posttreatment height gain and compromised FHt. Because recovery of gonadal axis was similar in all girls, differences were probably due to pretreatment intrinsic changes in the growth plate. Prediction of residual growth at discontinuation of treatment is unreliable in these girls. FAU - Lazar, Liora
Sex-related differences between adiponectin and insulin resistance in schoolchildren.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To study the effect of body composition and adiponectin on insulin resistance and beta-cell function in schoolchildren during puberty. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Plasma adiponectin level and its relationships with insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function were analyzed in 500 randomly recruited nondiabetic Taiwanese schoolchildren (245 boys and 255 girls) aged 6-18 years in a national survey program for diabetes in 1999. Insulin resistance and beta-cell function were evaluated by homeostasis model assessment (HOMA). Plasma adiponectin concentrations were determined with radioimmunoassay. RESULTS: Plasma glucose levels remained stable, whereas insulin resistance increased with a compensatory rise in beta-cell function during this period. A transient drop of adiponectin level with a trough at 10-12 years was found in boys but not in girls. This pubertal drop of adiponectin levels in boys coincides with the sharp rise in testosterone concentration. A negative correlation between testosterone levels and adiponectin concentration was also noted in boys (r = -0.142, P = 0.032). Plasma adiponectin levels correlated inversely with relative body weight, fasting insulin concentrations, and insulin resistance index by HOMA in boys aged 15-18 years and in girls aged 11-14 years. No association was observed between adiponectin levels and beta-cell function by HOMA. CONCLUSIONS: There is a transient drop in the level of adiponectin during male puberty, correlated with the increase in testosterone level in boys. Plasma adiponectin levels were inversely correlated with obesity and insulin resistance in boys and girls during the pubertal period. FAU - Tsou, Pei-Ling
A cross-sectional study of IGF-I determinants in women.$$$ Evidence is accumulating that elevated circulating insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) is related to increased cancer risk. The identification of hormonal, reproductive and lifestyle characteristics influencing its synthesis and bioavailability is of particular interest. Data from 400 women, who served as controls in two case-control studies nested within the same prospective cohort study, were combined. IGF-I, IGF-binding proteins 1, 2 and 3 (IGFBP-1, -2, -3) and insulin were measured in serum samples from all subjects and cotinine in 186 samples. Age appears to be the most important determinant of total IGF-I levels in women. Anthropometric measures, such as body mass index (BMI) or waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) do not seem to influence total IGF-I concentrations in peripheral blood, but may modulate IGF-I bioavailability through insulin-dependent changes in IGFBP-1 and -2 concentrations. Age at menarche, phase of the menstrual cycle at blood draw, parity, menopause, past oral contraceptive or hormone replacement therapy use, and tobacco smoking do not appear to exert an independent effect on IGF-I and its binding proteins. There was some suggestion that regular physical activity may increase total IGF-I and that women with positive family history of breast cancer might have higher IGF-I levels than those without such diagnosis in their relatives. FAU - Lukanova, A
Wrist breadth and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance in youth: the Fels Longitudinal Study.$$$ OBJECTIVES: There is biological crosstalk between insulin signaling and bone remodeling pathways, and wrist circumference and bone area were recently found to associate with insulin resistance independent of body mass index (BMI) in overweight/obese children. We aimed to expand on this work by using more specific measures of adiposity for adjustment and examining children with broader range of BMI. METHODS: We used serial data (1,051 total measures) on 313 non-Hispanic white youth (ages 8-18 y) from the Fels Longitudinal Study with homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) as the outcome. Internal standard deviation score (SDS) for wrist breadth was evaluated as a predictor of HOMA-IR (log-transformed) before and after adjusting for internal-sample SDSs for BMI, waist circumference (WC), and total body fat (TBF) from dual energy X-ray absorptiometry, in addition to age, sex, Tanner stage, and birth year, using generalized estimating equations. RESULTS: Before additional adiposity adjustment, we found a significant positive association between wrist breadth SDS and log-transformed HOMA-IR (β = 0.13; 95%CI: 0.09-0.17), which remained significant after adjusting for TBF SDS (β = 0.09; 95%CI: 0.05-0.13; P < 0.001), BMI SDS (β = 0.06; 95%CI: 0.02-0.10; P = 0.007), and WC SDS (β = 0.06; 95%CI: 0.02-0.09; P = 0.005). CONCLUSIONS: Further work is needed to determine whether simple frame size measures such as wrist breadth may be useful markers of metabolic risk.
Birth weight and body composition in overweight Latino youth: a longitudinal analysis.$$$ To examine the associations between birth weight and BMI, and total body composition, in overweight Latino adolescents. Two hundred and forty-two overweight Latino children (baseline age = 11.1 +/- 1.7 years; BMI >or= 85th percentile) were measured annually for up to 6 years (2.6 +/- 1.4 observations/child, total 848 visits). Birth weight and history of gestational diabetes were obtained by parental interview. Visceral fat and subcutaneous abdominal fat were assessed by magnetic resonance imaging, while total body fat, total lean tissue mass (LTM), trunk fat, and lean tissue trunk mass were measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. BMI and BMI percentile were calculated using the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention age appropriate cutoffs. Longitudinal linear mixed effects (LME) modeling was used to evaluate the influence of birth weight on subsequent changes in body composition and distribution of fat across puberty. Birth weight significantly predicted BMI (P < 0.001), total trunk fat (P < 0.001), total trunk LTM (P < 0.001), total fat mass (FM) (P < 0.001), and total LTM (P < 0.001), but not subcutaneous (P = 0.534) or visceral fat (P = 0.593) at age 11 years. Longitudinally, as participants transitioned into puberty, birth weight did not significantly predict any of the body composition or fat distribution measures (P > 0.05). Birth weight is significantly associated with increased adiposity and LTM and negatively associated with trunk fat mass and trunk lean mass at baseline; however these relationships did not predict rate of change of any of the variables as the children progress through adolescence. FAU - Kelly, Louise A
Steroid withdrawal in pediatric kidney transplant allows better growth, lipids and body composition: a randomized controlled trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Glucocorticoid immunosuppressant therapy in pediatric kidney transplant (Tx) recipients does not allow the improvement of growth after Tx. OBJECTIVE: To determine the effect of early steroid withdrawal (SW) on longitudinal growth, insulin sensitivity (IS), and body composition (BC). METHODS: This was a prospective, randomized, multicenter study in Tx. Insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I, IGF-binding protein 3 (IGFBP3), IS, and BC (DEXA/pQCT) were determined at baseline and up to 12 months after Tx. RESULTS: A total of 30 patients were examined; 14 patients were assigned to the SW group (7 male, 7 female; 12 in Tanner stage I) and 16 patients were assigned to the steroid control (SC) group (10 male, 6 female;12 in Tanner stage I). Their chronological age was 7.8 ± 4.3 years, height was -2.3 ± 0.99 SD scores (SDS), and body mass index -0.3 ± 1.2 SDS. After 1 year, the SW group showed an increase in height SDS (+1.2 ± 0.22 vs. +0.60 ± 0.13 SDS in the SC group, p < 0.02), lower IGFBP3 (p < 0.05), cholesterol (p < 0.05), and higher high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (p < 0.05). SW patients had lower trunk fat with no differences in IS. Only in prepubertal patients, the SW group had lower glycemia (p < 0.05), very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (p < 0.01), triglycerides (p < 0.05), triglycerides/glycemia index (TyG; p < 0.02), and better lean mass. Both groups showed an improvement in lean mass after kidney Tx. CONCLUSIONS: SW improved longitudinal growth, lipid profile, and trunk and lean fat in Tx patients. In prepubertal recipients, the decrease in TyG suggests better IS.
Associations among IGF-1, IGF2, IGF-1R, IGF-2R, IGFBP-3, insulin genetic polymorphisms and central precocious puberty in girls.$$$ BACKGROUND: Insulin and insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-1 coupled with growth hormone helps control timing of sexual maturation. Mutations and variants in multiple genes are associated with development or reduced risk of central precocious puberty (CPP). METHODS: We assessed single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in the IGF-1, IGF-2, IGF-3, IGF-1 receptor (IGF1R), IGF-2 receptor (IGF2R), and IGF -binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3) genes, and their association with demographics and metabolic proteins in girls with CPP. Z-scores of height, weight, and body mass index (BMI) were calculated with the WHO reference growth standards for children. RESULTS: IGF-1 serum levels of CPP group exhibited a higher correlation with bone age, z-scores of height and weight, and luteinizing hormone (LH) than those of control group, regardless of BMI adjustment. In the CPP group, height was associated with IGF-2(3580), an adenine to guanine (A/G) SNP at position + 3580. BMI in the CPP group was associated with IGF-2(3580), IGF1R, and the combinations of [IGF-2(3580) + IGF2R], and [IGF-2(3580) + IGFBP-3]. Body weight in the CPP group was associated with the combination of [IGF-2(3580) + IGFBP-3] (p = 0.024). Weight and BMI were significantly associated with the combination of [IGF-2(3580) + IGF2R + IGFBP-3] in the CPP group. These associations were not significantly associated with z-scores of weight, height, or BMI. The distribution of these genotypes, haplotypes, and allele frequencies were similar between control and CPP groups. CONCLUSIONS: These known SNPs of these IGF-1 axis genes appear to play minor roles in the risk for development of CPP. FAU - Chang, Hua-Pin
Does childhood meat eating contribute to sex differences in risk factors for ischaemic heart disease in a developing population?$$$ BACKGROUND: A male epidemic of ischaemic heart disease (IHD) emerges with economic development. It has previously been hypothesised that this epidemic is due to nutritionally driven levels of pubertal sex steroids, which lead to a more atherogenic body shape and lipid profile in boys but not girls, without any sex-specific effects on glucose metabolism. This study tests this hypothesis by examining the association of childhood meat eating with IHD risk in a developing Chinese population. METHODS: Multivariable linear and censored regression was used in a cross-sectional study of 19,418 Chinese older (≥ 50 years) men and women from the Guangzhou Biobank Cohort Study (phases 2 and 3) to assess the adjusted associations of childhood meat eating with waist to hip ratio (WHR), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and fasting plasma glucose. RESULTS: Adjusted for age, childhood hunger, life-course socioeconomic position and current lifestyle childhood almost daily meat eating compared with less than weekly meat eating was associated with higher WHR (0.007, 95% CI 0.0003 to 0.01) in men but not women. No association with fasting glucose was observed. CONCLUSIONS: Given the potential limitations of this study, especially the crude nature of the exposure and modest findings, the results should be considered as preliminary. However, they do lend support to the hypothesis that the male epidemic of premature IHD and sexual divergence in IHD rates that occur with economic development may be nutritionally driven in childhood. In elucidating the developmental origins of non-communicable chronic diseases, more attention should be focused on the sociohistorical context and the role of puberty. FAU - Heys, Michelle
Birth weight is positively related to bone size in adolescents but inversely related to cortical bone mineral density: findings from a large prospective cohort study.$$$ To examine the influence of intrauterine environment on subsequent bone development, we investigated the relationship between birth weight and cortical bone parameters, and the role of puberty, bone resorption and insulin as possible mediators. Bone outcomes were obtained from mid-tibial pQCT scans performed at age 15.5 years in 1960 males and 2192 females from the ALSPAC birth cohort. Birth weight was positively related to periosteal circumference (PC) [beta=0.40 (0.34, 0.46)], which was largely but not completely attenuated after adjustment for height and weight [beta=0.07 (0.02, 0.12)] (SD change in outcome per 1 kg increase in birth weight with 95% CI). Based on our height and weight adjusted model, the association was stronger in females compared to males (P=0.02 for gender interaction), and persisted in 2842 participants with equivalent results at age 17.7 years. Conversely, birth weight was inversely related to cortical bone mineral density (BMDC) at age 15.5 years after adjusting for height and weight [beta=-0.18 (-0.23, -0.13)], with a stronger association in males compared to females (P=0.01 for gender interaction), but an equivalent association was not seen at 17.7 years. In further analyses performed on data from age 15.5 years, the association between birth weight and PC was unaffected by adjustment for puberty (Tanner stage at age 13.5 years), bone resorption (fasting beta-carboxyterminal cross linking telopeptide (βCTX) at age 15.5 years) or insulin (fasting insulin at age 15.5 years). In contrast, the association with BMDC was attenuated by approximately 30% after adjustment for puberty or bone resorption, and by 50% after adjustment for both factors combined. We conclude that the inverse relationship between birth weight and BMDC is in part mediated by effects of puberty and bone resorption, which may help to explain the transitory nature of this association, in contrast to the more persisting relationship with PC.
Metabolic profile and body composition in adults with Prader-Willi syndrome and severe obesity.$$$ Previous investigations of adults with the Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) are few and have demonstrated severe obesity with increased morbidity and mortality in cardiovascular disease. It is, thus, important to identify risk factors and, if possible, start prevention. We studied the clinical, genetic, endocrinological, and metabolic findings in 19 adult PWS patients (10 men; mean age, 25 yr). The PWS karyotype was demonstrated in 13 patients. The mean body mass index was 35.6 kg/m(2), and total body fat was increased. Two thirds were biochemically hypogonadal. Fifty percent had severe GH deficiency (GHD). Four were hypertensive. One patient had heart failure and diabetes. Impaired glucose tolerance was seen in 4 patients, elevated homeostasis model assessment index in 9 patients, and modest dyslipidemia in 7. IGF-binding protein-1 correlated negatively with insulin levels. Four patients had osteoporosis, and 11 had osteopenia. There was no significant difference between the group with the PWS karyotype and the group without the karyotype in age, body mass index, waist/hip ratio, percent body fat, insulin values, homeostasis model assessment index, or lipid profile, except for lipoprotein(a), which was significantly higher in the group with the negative karyotype. IGF-I and lumbar spine bone mineral density were significantly lower in patients with genetic alteration, indicating a more severe GHD. The risk factors found in this study predicting cardiovascular disease are interpreted as secondary to GHD. These findings point to the importance of evaluating treatment of GHD in adults with PWS. FAU - Höybye, Charlotte
Relationship of high leptin levels with an adverse lipid and insulin profile in 6-8 year-old children in Spain.$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Leptin, an adipokine elevated in obesity, may be related to an adverse cardiovascular risk profile in childhood. However, evidence for this relationship in pre-pubertal children is scarce. We aimed to analyze the relationship between leptin levels and lipid and insulin profiles in Spanish children. METHODS AND RESULTS: Our population-based sample included 389 males and 369 females aged 6-8 years. Lipid levels were determined by standard methods, insulin by radioimmunoassay and leptin by sandwich ELISA. Leptin levels were higher in girls (8.6 ng/ml) than boys (4.7 ng/ml) (p < 0.001). Leptin increased from ages 6 to 8 in girls, but remained steady in boys. In both sexes, leptin increased significantly (p < 0.001) across weight category from normal weight to obese. Children in the highest tertile of leptin concentration showed significantly (p < 0.01) lower levels of HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C) and apolipoprotein-AI (apo-AI) and significantly higher triglyceride (TG) levels than children in lower tertiles. However, in linear regression analysis, after adjustment for body mass index (BMI), leptin only accounted for 1.5% of the variance of HDL-C in boys, and 2.6% of the variance of apo-AI in girls. Leptin was strongly and positively correlated with insulin and HOMA. Upon regression analysis, leptin contributed to over 20% of the variability in insulin and HOMA, independent of BMI. CONCLUSION: Leptin levels show sex differences in pre-pubertal children. In this age group, leptin levels are strongly related to insulin, and affect lipid profile -namely HDL-C, apo-AI and TG- particularly when leptin levels are high.
Growth without growth hormone.$$$ A functioning growth hormone (GH)-insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I axis is ordinarily essential for normal growth. In several physiological and pathophysiological conditions, however, growth without GH has been described. GH-deficient newborns can have a length within the normal range, which suggests that other growth factors dominate longitudinal gain during gestation. Obese children grow at a normal rate despite their low serum GH levels and reduced response to pharmacological stimulation tests. Children with hypopituitarism secondary to craniopharyngioma resection may continue to grow and may even show growth rate acceleration if their weight increases significantly. Several possible mechanisms might underlie the growth stimulation in obese children, such as elevated levels of insulin and reduced levels of IGF binding protein-1. Recently, elevated leptin levels in obese children were found to affect the bone growth center, and it may be that leptin also participates in the growth without GH observed in obesity, especially after craniopharyngioma removal. Sex hormones stimulate growth in children with a normal GH-IGF-I axis. In the absence of GH, the sex hormones stimulate growth through a direct GH-independent effect on the bone growth centers. Leptin, insulin, and sex hormones locally activate the IGF system in the epiphyseal growth plate (EGP). Other, undiscovered hormones and growth factors may harbor the ability to directly influence the growth processes in the EGP. FAU - Phillip, Moshe
Plasma brain-derived neurotrophic factor in prepubertal obese children: results from a 2-year lifestyle intervention programme.$$$ CONTEXT: Brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) is a neurotrophin potentially involved in the pathophysiology of obesity and metabolic syndrome in adults. In children, it has scarcely been studied. OBJECTIVE: To analyse plasma BDNF and its relationship with metabolic syndrome components before and after 2 years of a lifestyle intervention programme in a prepubertal obese cohort. DESIGN AND SETTING: Case-control study with a 2-year prospective follow-up in a referral paediatric endocrine outpatient centre. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Seventy-three prepubertal obese children, 8·03 ± 1·08 years old, and 47 age- and gender-matched lean controls were studied. Anthropometric parameters, blood pressure, platelet count (PLT), oral glucose tolerance test, homoeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), lipid profile, BDNF, diet and physical activity were evaluated. Weight loss was considered if z-score body mass index (BMI) decreased at least 0·5 SD. RESULTS: At baseline, BDNF tended to be lower in prepubertal obese children compared with lean controls (P = 0·076). BDNF did not correlate with any metabolic syndrome component. After 2 years, obese patients showed an increase in BDNF. Regression model analysis adjusted by age, sex, puberty, BMI, PLT and HOMA-IR showed that BDNF increased in subjects who lost weight (P = 0·036), practiced sports (P = 0·008) and had an adequate carbohydrate intake (P = 0·032). CONCLUSIONS: Plasma BDNF tends to be lower in obese prepubertal children than in lean controls, is not related to any other metabolic syndrome component and increases after a lifestyle intervention programme.
Not all sedentary behaviour is equal: Children's adiposity and sedentary behaviour volumes, patterns and types.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The importance of different constructs of sedentary behaviours in relation to childhood obesity is uncertain. Thus, this study aimed to investigate relationships between volume, patterns and types of sedentary behaviour and adiposity in children. METHODS: A case-control study was undertaken involving 234 children aged 10-13years who were either of a healthy-weight (74 boys, 56 girls) or classified as obese (56 boys, 48 girls). Percent body fat (by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry) and waist-to-height ratio were assessed. Time, type (television, videogame, computer, eating, passive transport) and bout length of sedentary behaviours were measured using accelerometry and the Multimedia Activity Recall for Children and Adolescents. Time use (total daily energy expenditure, sleep, physical activity), age, household income and Tanner stage were covariates in sex-stratified partial least squares analyses. RESULTS: Daily energy expenditure and income were negatively associated with adiposity for both sexes. Television time was consistently positively associated with adiposity. In boys only, prolonged bouts of sedentary behaviour and time spent playing video games/computer were positively linked with adiposity. Non-screen sedentary behaviour was negatively associated with adiposity in girls. Independent of total energy expenditure, total sedentary time was only inconsistently associated with fatness. CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that (1) characteristics of sedentary time other than duration are associated with adiposity in children, and (2) associations may be sex-specific.
Evolution of metabolic alterations 5 Years after early puberty in a cohort of girls predisposed to polycystic ovary syndrome.$$$ BACKGROUND: We and others have observed that young girls predisposed to polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) display defective insulin sensitivity, beta-cell function and non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) suppressibility during early pubertal years, compared to controls. Our objective is to assess whether these differences in glucose and NEFA metabolisms persist after 5 years in late/post-puberty. METHODS: We conducted a prospective cohort study between 2007 and 2015 with 4-6 years of follow-up in an academic institution research center. We compared 8 daughters and sisters of PCOS women (PCOSr) to 8 age-matched girls unrelated to PCOS (±1.5 years). Girls were assessed initially at 8-14 years old and re-assessed after a median follow-up of 5.4 years, at 13-21 years old. Our main measures were a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSivGTT)-derived insulin sensitivity (IS) and beta-cell function (disposition index, DI(FSivGTT)); and indices of NEFA suppression during FSivGTT (log(n)-linear slope of NEFA and T(50) of NEFA suppression). RESULTS: At follow-up, both PCOSr and controls had similar results: IS = 3.2 vs 3.4 (p = 0.88), DI(FSivGTT) = 1926 vs 1380 (p = 0.44), log(n)-linear slope = -0.032 vs -0.032 (p = 0.88) and T(50)NEFA = 18.1 vs 20.8 min (p = 0.57). IS, DI(FSivGTT) and NEFA suppressibility were stable in PCOSr after 5 years, but decreased significantly in controls (all p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Impaired metabolism observed during early puberty in girls predisposed to PCOS remains stable after 5 years whereas control girls deteriorated their metabolic parameters. Therefore, both groups become comparable in late/post-puberty. Early puberty may thus represent a window during which metabolic alterations are transiently apparent in girls at risk of PCOS. FAU - Harnois-Leblanc, Soren
Are short boys with constitutional delay of growth and puberty candidates for rGH therapy according to FDA recommendations?$$$ BACKGROUND/AIMS: According to FDA-approved guidelines, boys whose height predictions fall to 160 cm or less are considered for treatment with recombinant growth hormone (rGH). The aim of this study was to analyze the value of different height prediction methods by accurately identifying those boys with constitutional delay of growth and puberty (CDGP) in whom final height (FH) prognosis was poor (<or=160 cm) and who might therefore be candidates for this treatment modality. METHODS: In 69 boys with CDGP diagnosed at a mean age of 14.9 +/-1.2 years, FH prediction was calculated by means of Bayley-Pinneau (BP), Roche-Wainer-Tissen (RWT), Tanner-Whitehouse II (TWII) and target height (TH) methods. At the age of 22.6 +/- 3.5 years their height was remeasured and the accuracy of height prediction was analyzed. RESULTS: In 6 men (8.7%) measured FH was <or=160 cm. Depending on the prediction method, different individual patients within the 14- to 16-year age range would have been candidates for rGH treatment. The BP method would have recruited 8 subjects of whom only 3 had FH <or=160 cm (sensitivity 50%, specificity 92%). The RWT and TW II methods identified only one recruit, and this patient did achieve FH <or=160 cm (sensitivity 17%, specificity 100%). None of the 8 subjects with FH <or=160 cm would have qualified for GH treatment using the TH method. In three boys none of the four methods predicted their final height <or=160 cm. CONCLUSION: Although some boys with CDGP may be considered the candidates for rGH treatment according to FDA recommendations, none of the available methods of prediction are sufficiently sensitive to reliably recruit 14- to 16-year-old boys whose final height will fall at or below 160 cm.
Central precocious puberty in girls: Diagnostic study and auxological response to triptorelin treatment.$$$ INTRODUCTION: There are several controversies regarding the diagnostic tests and management of central precocious puberty (CPP). The aim of this study is to present the experience acquired in a group of girls with CPP treated with triptorelin, and to analyze the auxological characteristics and diagnostic tests. MATERIAL AND METHODS: An observational, retrospective study in a group of 60 girls with CPP was conducted between January 2010 and December 2017. Sociodemographic, auxological and hormonal data were recorded at diagnosis, and pelvic ultrasound and magnetic resonance imaging of the head were performed. Girls were treated with triptorelin and monitored after treatment discontinuation until menarche. RESULTS: At treatment start, chronological age and bone age were 7.7±0.7 and 9.7±0.8 years respectively, and growth velocity was 8.3±1.6cm/year. Target height was 161.1±5.8cm. Peak LH level after stimulation was 16.6±12.1 IU/l. Ovarian volumes were greater than 3mL in 35% of cases. MRI of the head was pathological in seven girls (11.7%). At treatment completion, chronological age and bone age were 10.3±1.1 and 11.2±0.8 years respectively, and growth velocity was 4.7±1.4cm/year. At the age of menarche (11.9±0.9 years), height was 157.5±5.7cm. CONCLUSIONS: Treatment of CPP with triptorelin appears to be beneficial. The possibility to block pubertal development and slow skeletal maturation allows patients to reach their target height. However, individualized auxological monitoring would be mandatory.
[Risk factors analysis of primary open angle glaucoma in women].$$$ OBJECTIVE: To explore the risk factors of primary open angle glaucoma (POAG) in women. METHODS: This retrospective, case-control study collected 128 female patients with POAG and 142 female with normal controls without POAG from 2009 to 2010. The risk factors including family history, hypertension, diabetes, age of menarche, age of menopause, parity, oral contraceptive (OC) use, hormone therapy were analyzed by logistic regression analysis. RESULTS: Compared with normal control group using logistic regression analysis, there were significant differences in such risk factors in POAG group as family history (OR = 43.36, 95%CI: 5.69 - 346.67; P < 0.001), hypertension(OR = 3.29, 95%CI: 1.82 - 5.94; P < 0.001), age of menarche (OR = 2.046, 95%CI: 1.17 - 3.54; P = 0.011), age of menopause (OR = 0.57, 95%CI: 0.32 - 0.99; P = 0.049), hormone therapy (OR = 0.29, 95%CI: 0.09 - 0.92; P = 0.036). CONCLUSIONS: Family history and hypertension are high risk factors to develop POAG for women. However, female hormones may play a protective role in women with POAG. FAU - Dong, Shi-yuan
Circulating plasma leptin and IGF-1 levels in girls with premature adrenarche: potential implications of a preliminary study.$$$ Premature adrenarche is a condition characterized by precocious development of pubic and/or axillary hair, due to early onset of adrenal androgen secretion. Girls with premature adrenarche may later develop menstrual irregularities, hyperandrogenism, and the classic polycystic ovary syndrome. As leptin is thought to modulate the onset of pubertal development, we measured plasma leptin levels in 7 girls with premature adrenarche, and 8 age-matched comparison girls. Because leptin, the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA), the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axes are functionally interrelated, we also determined salivary and plasma cortisol, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), DHEA-sulfate, androstenedione, estradiol, and estrone. Finally, since IGF-I may play a role in adrenocortical function, we determined plasma levels of IGF-1, and IGF-BP1. Plasma was collected by an intravenous catheter at times 0, 20, and 40 min, starting at 1.30 p.m. Girls with premature adrenarche had a higher body mass index (BMI) and an over two-fold elevation of their plasma leptin than comparison girls. This group also had elevated levels of salivary and plasma cortisol, and increased levels of DHEA, DHEA-S, androstenedione, estradiol and estrone. Plasma IGF-1 and the ratio of IGF-1/IGF-BP1 were elevated. We propose that girls with premature adrenarche may represent an overlapping group characterized by both features of increased adiposity and HPA axis activity, which together, and depending on the genetic/constitutional background of the individual, may account for the development of adrenal hyperandrogenism, and, later, the polycystic ovary syndrome. FAU - Cizza, G
[Ethnic influence on the prevalence of metabolic syndrome in an obese pediatric population].$$$ INTRODUCTION: Obesity in children is becoming more prevalent. Obesity and type 2 diabetes is higher in the Latin American immigrant population. OBJECTIVE: To analyze the influence of ethnicity on the prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MS) and its components in an obese pediatric population. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A retrospective study of 616 obese children and adolescents (BMI ≥2 SD [Hernández 88-04]), was conducted on 142 Latin American children and 474 Caucasians, which compared the prevalence of metabolic syndrome and its components according to modified Cook criteria (2003): obesity+2 or more of the following components: HDL-cholesterol <40mg/dl, triglycerides >110mg/dl, systolic and/or diastolic blood pressure >p90 (Task Force 2004), and impaired glucose metabolism (ADA 2011). Hepatic function, family history of MS, HbA1c, insulin resistance (HOMA) and BMI evolution at one year of treatment with changes in lifestyle (diet and exercise) were also assessed. RESULTS: Almost one-third (30.5%) of Latin American children had MS compared to 15.5% of Caucasians (OR=2.4 [CI 95%: 1.5-3.8]), P<.005] and OR=2.5 adjusting for sex, SD-BMI and puberty. Latin American children also had a higher insulin resistance (58.6% vs 42.8%, P<.005) and a worse outcome after one year of treatment. CONCLUSION: There is a higher prevalence of MS in our Latin American obese pediatric population with poor adherence to the measures of change in lifestyle, making these patients a group with potentially increased risks of cardiovascular disease in adulthood.
Relationships of urinary adrenal steroids at age 8 years with birth weight, postnatal growth, blood pressure, and glucose metabolism.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Overactivity of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis through a program set by early growth patterns is hypothesized to lead to central obesity, insulin resistance, and hypertension. We therefore examined links between adrenal steroid production and birth weight, rapid early growth, and body mass index (BMI), blood pressure, waist circumference, and resistance to insulin in early childhood through the action of adrenal steroids. METHODS: Timed overnight urine samples were collected in 461 children from a large representative birth cohort. In total 244 boys and 188 girls aged 8.2-8.4 yr completed the protocol. The excretion rates of individual steroids were measured to determine total androgen and cortisol metabolites. Indices of activity of 5alpha-androgen reduction of androgens and cortisol metabolites and 11beta-hydroxy steroid dehydrogenase activity were calculated. RESULTS: In both boys and girls, total urinary androgen and cortisol metabolites were positively related to current height, weight, BMI, and waist circumference. Girls had higher urine androgen metabolite levels and 5alpha-androgen indexes than boys, and in girls higher androgen metabolite excretion was associated with lower birth weight and faster postnatal weight gain. After adjustment for current BMI, total cortisol metabolites and 11beta-hydroxy steroid dehydrogenase index were not related to birth weight or postnatal weight gain in either sex. CONCLUSIONS: These data confirm early growth associations in this cohort seen with plasma levels of adrenal androgens at age 8 yr, at least in girls. Larger studies and follow-up during puberty are needed to exclude the possibility of programming of cortisol metabolism by early growth. FAU - Honour, John W
Evaluation of metabolic syndrome after hematopoietic stem cell transplantation in children and adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: To determine the prevalence, characteristics, and risk factors associated with metabolic syndrome (MS) in patients undergoing hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) in the Chilean National Program. PROCEDURES: Descriptive and cross-sectional study including 69 patients was conducted. Body mass index, pubertal development, waist circumference, arterial pressure (AP), and triglycerides, HDL-cholesterol, and glucose levels were recorded at the time of study entry. The National Cholesterol Education Program (Adult Treatment Panel III, as modified by the American Heart Association) criteria are often used to diagnose MS in adults; however, for children and adolescents we followed criteria according to De Ferranti and American Diabetes Association. Statistical analyses were performed with a chi-square test or Fisher's exact test according to sample size. RESULTS: Sixty-nine patients were studied. The median age at the time of diagnosis was 12.9 years, and the median time of follow-up post-transplant was 4 years. Forty-three patients were males, 54 patients had malignant diseases, and 59 patients received allogeneic transplants. Of the 69 patients, 32% had MS; the most common MS features were abdominal obesity (73%), hypertriglyceridemia (91%), and a low HDL-cholesterol level (96%). The most significant risk factor for MS was corticosteroid therapy use pre- (P < 0.03) and post-HSCT (P < 0.03), obesity and overweight associated with MS (P < 0.001). No patient developed cardiovascular complications. CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of MS was 32%, which was significantly higher than in a healthy pediatric population. We recommend prolonged follow-up for transplant recipients, coupled with enforcement of preventive measures, such as early diagnosis and encouragement of a healthy lifestyle.
The effects of muscle mass and muscle quality on cardio-metabolic risk in peripubertal girls: a longitudinal study from childhood to early adulthood.$$$ BACKGROUND: Increased cardio-metabolic risk is well documented in children and adolescents with obesity and normal weight obesity (NWO). However, the associations of muscle mass and muscle quality with cardio-metabolic risk, independent of weight status from childhood to adulthood, has not been examined. METHODS: A total of 236 girls were followed from pre-puberty to early adulthood. Fat mass (FM) and lean mass (LM) of the whole body were assessed by a dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry; muscle cross-sectional area (mCSA), muscle density (mDen; skeletal muscle fat content) of the lower leg by the peripheral quantitative computerized tomography; and blood glucose, insulin, triglycerides and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol by enzymatic photometric methods. Study participants were categorized based on body mass index (BMI) and percentage body fat (%BF) as overweight and/or obese (BMI⩾30 with %BF⩾30), normal weight obese (BMI 18.5-24.9 with %BF⩾30) and normal weight lean (BMI 18.5-24.9 with %BF <30). RESULTS: Girls with overweight and/or obesity from age of 11 to age 18 had greater LM and larger mCSA, but lower mDen and skeletal muscle mass index than the normal-weight girls (P<0.001 for all). Girls with NWO had similar mCSA and muscle mass but lower mDen and skeletal muscle index (SMI) than their normal-weight lean peers from childhood to early adulthood (P<0.001 all). In all girls, mDen and SMI were inversely associated with cardio-metabolic risk score (r(2)=0.012, P<0.05 and r(2)=0.201, P<0.001, respectively). However, after adjusting for whole-body FM or android abdominal FM, all associations disappeared. CONCLUSIONS: Skeletal muscle size and muscle mass are not associated with cardio-metabolic risk factors during pubertal growth after adjusting for measures of adiposity. Ectopic fat accumulation in the skeletal muscle and increased adiposity, particularly in the abdominal area in childhood, are significant contributors to increased cardio-metabolic risk in adulthood, irrespective of body weight status. FAU - Cheng, S
Chronic autoimmune thyroiditis in children and adolescents: at presentation and during long-term follow-up.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the clinical manifestations of autoimmune thyroiditis (AIT) leading to referral in children and adolescents, in addition to disease course and long-term outcome. DESIGN: Chart review. SETTING: Major tertiary hospital. PATIENTS: 114 children/adolescents (92 female, 22 male; mean (SD) age 11.8 (35) years) with AIT referred for evaluation/treatment. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Clinical characteristics at presentation, reasons for referral, treatment and long-term (mean 6 years) outcome; by thyroid and pubertal status. RESULTS: The male/female (1:4.2) ratio was lower than in adult AIT (1:10) and varied by age. Patients with noticeable goitre at presentation (39.5%) accounted for half the total number in whom goitre was eventually diagnosed. Other reasons for referral were clinical symptoms of hypothyroidism (28.9%) and findings on work-up for an unrelated problem (19.2%) or for high-risk groups (10.5%). There was no difference in management or outcome between patients who underwent ultrasound (n = 79) or not. Treatment was initiated shortly after diagnosis in all 42 hypothyroid patients and 44/48 compensated hypothyroid patients, and within 16 months in 19/24 euthyroid patients. There was no change in thyroid status in the nine untreated patients. Height standard deviation score (SDS) was normal at referral and last visit and correlated with parental height SDS. Puberty was normal. There was no significant difference in body mass index SDS at referral by pubertal or thyroid status. There was no difference from the general population in the prevalence of obesity. CONCLUSIONS: Although goitre is the main symptom leading to diagnosis of AIT, it is still often overlooked, underscoring the need for thorough thyroid evaluation on routine physical examination. Acquired hypothyroidism is not often associated with obesity, and ultrasound usually has no added diagnostic value. Adequate treatment in this age group leads to normal growth, puberty and final height. FAU - de Vries, L
The Prevalence of Pre-hypertension in Children with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.$$$ BACKGROUND: Hypertension is more common in adults with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) than the general population. The aim of this study was to detect the pre-hypertensive stage in children with T1D and to evaluate its correlation with diabetic nephropathy compared to non-diabetic children. METHODS: This was a prospective cross-sectional study in an out-patient clinic of a university hospital. A total of 62 which consists of 36 males and 26 females patients with stable T1D with a median age of 13 year and 42 age - sex-matched healthy children were entered in the study between September 2008 and February 2011. Three readings of blood pressure were recorded. Fasting blood sample was drawn for hemoglobin A1C (HbA1C), creatinine and a 24 h urine aliquot was collected to measure microalbumin, creatinine and volume to estimate glomerular filtration rate (eGFR). RESULTS: From 62 children with T1DM, 25.8% were in pre-hypertensive stage, 4.8% Stage 1, and 1.6% Stage 2. In controls, 1 (2.4%) out of 42 children was in pre-hypertensive stage (P < 0.0001). Abnormal blood pressures were correlated with eGFR and the duration of disease (P < 0.05), but there were not associated with microalbominuria or HbA1C level. CONCLUSIONS: There was a higher rate of early stage of high normal blood pressure in children with T1DM compared with the healthy controls and this abnormality was only correlated with puberty stage and glomerular filtration rate. FAU - Rohani, Farzaneh
Pituitary deficiency after brain radiation therapy.$$$ Brain radiotherapy is a frequent and overlooked cause of pituitary deficiency in adults which may alter patients' health and quality of life. Hormonal consequences have been better studied in children. The onset of hormonal deficiencies depends on the dose delivered to the pituitary-hypothalamic region while their incidence and severity depends on dose fractionating and follow-up duration. Somatotrophic function is the first affected, 90% of patients being GH deficient 10 years after radiotherapy. Other anterior pituitary functions are affected later and less frequently. While initial damage occurs in the hypothalamus, accounting for mild hyperprolactinemia in 30-50% of cases, diabetes insipidus is never observed. Direct pituitary deficiency may occur later. Responses to ACTH or GHRH-arginine tests may be normal for several years though an ACTH and/or GH deficiency has been demonstrated by an insulin tolerance test, which is considered as the gold standard. When the cranio-spinal area--including the neck--has been irradiated, primary thyroid deficiency might occur. Repeated cervical ultrasonographic follow-up is mandatory to exclude radiation-induced thyroid cancer. The gonadotrophic function might be altered after small doses of irradiation causing precocious puberty, while at higher doses delayed puberty or true gonadotrophic deficiencies are more often observed. Combined radio- and chemotherapy might result in mixed central and peripheral deficiencies that might be difficult to diagnose. When radiotherapy is performed in adulthood, GH deficiency is less common, although the sequence of hormonal deficiencies is similar to that observed in children. Prospective longitudinal studies are required to determine the time course and sequence of onset of each deficiency, in order to tailor the monitoring of these patients to their specific needs. FAU - Borson-Chazot, F
[Nutritional status, metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance in children from Santiago (Chile)].$$$ BACKGROUND: The origin of most non-communicable diseases (NCDs) is in early life. Consequently obtaining information on risk factors for NCDs is important for preventive purposes. However, there is no information available on the prevalence of obesity, metabolic syndrome (MS) and insulin resistance (IR) in Chilean children. OBJETIVES: To determine the prevalence of nutritional status, MS and IR, and secondly, to study the associations among them. METHODS: Cross-sectional study conducted during 2009-2011 in 20 public schools of Puente Alto County, Santiago, Chile. Anthropometry, blood pressure and pubertal status were assessed. A blood sample was obtained for determination of lipids, blood glucose and insulin. Abnormal Homeostasis model assessment index (HOMA-IR) was based on a national standard. RESULTS: 3325 children had a mean age of 11.4 ± 1 years old (range 10-15 years). The prevalence of obesity, MS and IR was 16.1%, 7.3% and 25.9%, respectively. The prevalence of IR and MS was higher in obese children. MS and IR were strongly associated with an OR of 8.0 (95% CI= 5.9-10.7). Multivariate analysis showed that all MS components were associated to IR. CONCLUSIONS: There is a relatively high prevalence of risk factors in this sample of children. The strong positive association between nutritional status, IR and MS points out the need to early identify risk factors for NCDs allowing for prevention.
Inflammatory cytokines in juvenile idiopathic arthritis: effects on physical growth and the insulin-like-growth factor axis.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the relationship between markers of inflammation with physical growth and systemic markers of GH secretion in JIA. DESIGN: This is a cross sectional prospective study of patients with JIA recruited during therapeutic arthrocentesis of 17 children with JIA (F,10): 8 oligoarticular (OJIA) and 9 polyarticular (PJIA). RESULTS: Median adjusted height (AHt) SDS was -0.3 (-2.2 to 1.6). Serum ALS SDS (median -1.3, range -2.7 to -0.6) was reduced compared with serum IGFBP-3 SDS (median -0.5, range -7.7 to 2.3) and IGF-1 SDS (median -0.2, range -0.5 to 0.5). Log serum IL5 (95% CI -3.25, -0.81) and log serum IL15 (95% CI -9.58, -4.10) were independent factors associated with AHt SDS. Inflammatory cytokines individually showed no association with IGF-1, IGFBP-1, -2, -3 and ALS. CONCLUSION: Children with JIA and mild degree of growth retardation show decreased ALS and IGFBP-3. Cytokines did not show an association to systemic markers of GH secretion. However, this study reports the novel, preliminary association between serum levels of IL5 and IL15 and the extent of short stature. FAU - Wong, S C
Final Height and Endocrine Complications in Patients with β-Thalassemia Intermedia: Our Experience in Non-Transfused Versus Infrequently Transfused Patients and Correlations with Liver Iron Content.$$$ BACKGROUND: β-thalassemia intermedia (TI) spans a wide spectrum of severity and carries higher morbidity than previously recognized, including extramedullary hematopoiesis, leg ulcers, gallstones, thrombosis, secondary heart failure, pulmonary hypertension, skeletal deformity, growth retardation and endocrine abnormalities, such as diabetes mellitus, hypothyroidism, osteoporosis, and hypogonadism. OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the final height and the endocrine complications encountered in young adult patients with TI followed at Hematology Section, Doha (Qatar) in relation to liver iron content in non-transfused versus infrequently transfused TI patients. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This retrospective cohort study was performed on 28 young adults with TI who were randomly selected from the Hematology Clinic of the Hematology Section, National Centre for Cancer Care and Research, Hamad Medical Corporation of Doha (Qatar).Eligibility criteria for this retrospective analysis included TI patients diagnosed by complete blood count, hemoglobin electrophoresis and young adult age ( ≥ 18 years).Group 1 included nine patients who did not receive any blood transfusion, and Group 2 included 19 patients who infrequently received blood transfusions.Data recorded from charts included demographic characteristics (gender, date of birth, ethnicity), disease and treatment characteristics (e.g., transfusion frequency, history of chelation therapy, and splenectomy), auxological and pubertal data [growth percentiles and pubertal stages, and body mass index (BMI)], laboratory data and target organ complications (including endocrinopathies and liver disease). Iron overload was assessed by direct (liver iron content; LIC) and indirect methods (SF), and bone mass index (BMA) by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA). RESULTS: Short stature [Final Height (Ht) SDS < -2] occurred in 25% of patients with no difference between the two groups of patients. Insulin growth factor 1 (IGF-1) SDS was low in 35.7 % of patients with no statistical difference among the two groups. Impaired fasting blood glucose occurred in 17.8% of patients, diabetes mellitus in 25% and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism in 10.7% of them. Morning cortisol was low in one patient. No thyroid or hypo-parathyroid abnormalities were detected in any patient. Liver iron content (LIC) > 15 mg/g dry weight and SF > 2,000 ng/mL were detected in 75% of the patients. The values resulted significantly higher in the transfused group (Group 2). High liver enzyme level (ALT) was detected in 42.8 % of patients, and the values were significantly higher in the transfused group (Group 2). Total and fetal Hb was significantly higher in group 1 versus group 2. Osteopenia was diagnosed in 14.3% of patients. Females had significantly better final height SDS, higher IGF-1 SDS, lower LIC and fasting blood glucose level compared to males. Significant correlations were found between Ht-SDS and IGF-1 SDS; LIC and SF, level; ALT and LIC, SF levels. Total and fetal Hb did not correlate significantly with Ht-SDS or IGF-1 level. CONCLUSIONS: A significant number of TI patients have high LIC, short stature and endocrine disorders. Patients who require occasional transfusions have more liver iron overload and higher hepatic dysfunction. Females appear to attain a better final adult height and have higher IGF1-SDS versus males. Our data emphasize the need for long term surveillance for identification of organ-specific risk factors and early disease manifestations. We also recommend close monitoring of endocrine and other complications, according to the international guidelines. FAU - Yassin, Mohamed A
Treatment with gonadotropin-releasing hormone analogues: different impact on body weight in normal-weight and overweight children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: We studied the effect of gonadotropin-releasing hormone analogues (GnRHa) on weight gain as a possible side effect. METHODS: We analyzed longitudinally changes in BMI-SDS in 92 children [median age 8.0 years (IQR 7.1-8.9), 88% females, mean BMI-SDS 0.69 ± 1.30] with idiopathic central precocious puberty or early puberty treated with GnRHa. Furthermore, 25 overweight children with GnRHa were compared to 25 overweight children without GnRHa matched by age, gender, degree of overweight, and pubertal stage. RESULTS: The matched overweight children without GnRHa demonstrated a significant increase in their BMI-SDS in the course of 1 year (+0.18 ± 0.22). Normal-weight children treated with GnRHa demonstrated a significant increase in BMI-SDS in the course of 1 year (+0.32 ± 0.66) in contrast to overweight children treated with GnRHa who showed a stable BMI-SDS (-0.02 ± 0.27). This significant difference in changes in BMI-SDS between normal-weight and overweight children treated with GnRHa was also observed at the end of GnRHa treatment and 6 months later (p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Change in weight status differed between overweight and normal-weight children during GnRHa treatment. We found no increased risk for the side effect of weight gain in overweight children treated with GnRHa.
Association between retinol binding protein 4 with atherosclerotic markers in obese children.$$$ BACKGROUND: Childhood obesity increases cardiovascular risk during adulthood. Retinol-binding protein-4, a pro-inflammatory adipokine, associated with obesity and insulin resistance also plays a role in atherogenesis in adults. The goal of this study was to identify the relation between RBP4 and atherogenic markers in obese children. METHODS: In a cross-sectional study, obese and non-obese children (8-18 years) were prospectively recruited from a pediatric Appalachian population. Clinical markers such as lipid profile, HbA1c, markers of insulin resistance and plasma levels of RBP4, sVCAM-1 and oxidized-low-density lipoprotein (Ox-LDL) were measured. RESULTS: Compared to non-obese children, RBP4 (P=0.016) and Ox-LDL (P<0.001) were significantly higher in obese children and were positively correlated with Body Mass Index (P<0.001), BMI-SDS (Standard-Deviation Score) (P<0.001) and waist circumference (P=0.03). CONCLUSIONS: No significant correlation was found between inflammatory markers and Homeostatic Model Assessment-2, HDL, triglycerides, and HbA1c in obese children. FAU - Santanam, Nalini
A two-year longitudinal study of persistent lean tissue deficits in children with Crohn's disease.$$$ BACKGROUND & AIMS: Deficits in lean body mass have been reported in cross-sectional studies of children with Crohn's disease, but no longitudinal data exist from diagnosis. We observed the effects of Crohn's disease on body composition and bone mineral content (BMC), beginning at diagnosis and followed prospectively for 2 years. METHODS: The study was conducted at 2 tertiary care centers for pediatric inflammatory bowel diseases. At diagnosis we recorded age, weight, height, levels of serum interleukin-6 and insulin-like growth factor-1, sexual maturation stage, disease activity, z scores for body mass index (BMI), fat-free mass (FFM), and bone mineral content (BMC). z Scores were adjusted for height and age, when appropriate. Measurements were made yearly in patients with Crohn's disease (n = 42) but only at the start of the study in controls (n = 81). RESULTS: BMI and FFM z scores were significantly reduced at the time of diagnosis in children with Crohn's disease, compared with controls. During the 2-year study period, the BMI z scores normalized in patients with Crohn's disease, but the FFM z scores did not increase significantly. The BMC z scores increased significantly, but they were still lower than control values after 2 years. Changes in BMC during a period of 2 years were associated with increases in FFM (R(2) = 0.318, P < .01). CONCLUSIONS: The correction of BMI that is associated with clinical improvement in children with Crohn's disease 2 years after diagnosis results from gains in fat mass. Significant FFM deficits might hamper normal acquisition of bone mass in children with Crohn's disease because of a lack of mechanical strain. FAU - Sylvester, Francisco A
Bone size and density measurements in prepubertal children with Turner syndrome prior to growth hormone therapy.$$$ Using computed tomography (CT), we found the decreases in bone size of vertebrae and femur, cortical bone area (CBA) of femur and bone density (BD) of vertebrae in prepubertal female with Turner syndrome (TS) compared to those of controls. INTRODUCTION: Bone mineral density results from previous studies utilizing single-photon absorptiometry (SPA) or dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) in children with TS are controversial. The present study used CT to assess the differences in cancellous and cortical bone size and BD between prepubertal TS patients prior to growth hormone therapy and historical age and ethnicity-matched female controls. METHODS: Anthropometrics and CT bone measurements including cross-sectional area (CSA) and BD of lumbar vertebrae and femur and CBA of femur in prepubertal TS females were reviewed and compared with those in controls. RESULTS: Twenty-two prepubertal TS patients had delayed bone age, were shorter and lighter than controls (Ps < 0.001). After adjusting for weight, height and skeletal age, vertebral BD and CBA of the femur were lower in patients than in controls (P < 0.001 and P = 0.021, respectively). However, after additional adjusting for puberty, results were not different from controls. While a positive correlation between vertebral BD and age was noted in controls (r = 0.367, P = 0.092), a significant negative correlation was noted in patients (r = -0.615, P = 0.002). CONCLUSIONS: While the decrease in vertebrae and femur sizes of patients with TS appeared to be secondary to their small body size, the decreased BD of vertebrae and CBA of femur were likely secondary to estrogen deficiency. FAU - Pitukcheewanont, P
Risk factor for pituitary dysfunction in children and adolescents with Rathke's cleft cysts.$$$ PURPOSE: This study evaluated the clinical manifestations of and risk factors for pituitary insufficiency in children and adolescents with Rathke's cleft cysts. METHODS: Forty-four patients with Rathke's cleft cysts younger than 19 years who visited Seoul National University Children's Hospital between January 1995 and September 2009 were enrolled. Rathke's cleft cysts were confirmed histologically through an operation in 15 patients and by brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in 29 patients. The clinical, hormonal, and imaging features were reviewed retrospectively. RESULTS: THE CLINICAL PRESENTATION OF SYMPTOMATIC PATIENTS WAS AS FOLLOWS: headache (65%), endocrinopathy (61%), and visual disturbance (19%). Endocrinopathy included central precocious puberty (18%), diabetes insipidus (14%), general weakness (11%), and decreased growth velocity (7%). After surgery, hyperprolactinemia resolved in all patients, but growth hormone insufficiency, hypothyroidism, and diabetes insipidus did not improve. Pituitary insufficiency except gonadotropin abnormality correlated significantly with severe headache, visual disturbance, general weakness, and cystic size. Suprasellar extension of cysts and high signals in the T2-weighted image on brain MRI were related to hypothyroidism, hypocortisolism, and diabetes insipidus. Multivariable linear regression analysis showed that only general weakness was a risk factor for pituitary insufficiency (R(2)=0.549). CONCLUSION: General weakness is a risk factor for pituitary insufficiency in patients with Rathke's cleft cysts. When a patient with a Rathke's cleft cyst complains of general weakness, the clinician should evaluate pituitary function and consider surgical treatment. FAU - Lim, Han Hyuk
Endocrinopathies in adolescents with thalassaemia major receiving oral iron chelation therapy.$$$ BACKGROUND: Endocrinopathies are common in patients with thalassaemia major (TM) despite parenteral iron chelation therapy with deferoxamine. There are only a few studies on the efficacy of oral deferiprone in preventing endocrine dysfunction. AIM: To determine the growth and endocrine complications in children with TM receiving oral iron chelation with deferiprone. METHODS: All adolescents with TM receiving regular blood transfusion and deferiprone were evaluated prospectively for growth and pubertal status over a 1-year period. Tests for endocrine function included oral glucose tolerance test, calcium, phosphate, alkaline phosphatase, parathyroid hormone and thyroid profile and, in those with delayed/arrested puberty, sex steroids and gonadotropins. Clonidine-stimulated growth hormone (GH) was measured in patients with height ≤-3 SD. RESULTS: 89 patients [51 males, 38 females, mean (SD) age 13·6 (2·5) years] were evaluated. Mean (SD) pre-transfusion haemoglobin was 9·2 (1·1) g/dl and the mean (SD) age of starting deferiprone was 5·1 (2·4) years. Mean (SD) ferritin was 9159 (3312) pmol/L (normal <2247). 49 (55%) subjects were of short stature and 25 (27%) had a height Z-score ≤ -3. GH testing was performed in 19 patients, of whom 17 had peak GH values <10 μg/L. Delayed puberty and/or hypogonadism was present in 54·1% patients at or beyond the age of normal puberty. Impaired glucose tolerance/diabetes mellitus, hypoparathyroidism and primary hypothyroidism (subclinical) were present in 13·0%, 10·1% and 8·9%, respectively. Overall, 44 (49·4%) adolescents had at least one endocrinopathy. CONCLUSION: Adolescents with TM on oral iron chelation therapy with deferiprone experienced a high prevalence of growth faltering and endocrinopathies which was comparable to that previously reported with deferoxamine. A combination of deferoxamine and deferiprone may be necessary to prevent growth and endocrine problems. FAU - Sharma, Rajni
Relationships of Anxiety and Depression with Cardiovascular Health in Youth with Normal Weight to Severe Obesity.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the relationships of depression and anxiety symptoms with cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors and measures of vascular health in youth. STUDY DESIGN: Participants (n = 202) were 8- to 18-year-olds from a cross-sectional study evaluating cardiovascular health across a wide range of body mass index values (normal weight to severe obesity). CVD risk measurement included blood pressure, fasting lipids, glucose, insulin, carotid artery intima-media thickness, compliance and distensibility, brachial artery flow-mediated dilation, carotid-radial artery pulse wave velocity, body fat percentage, and a metabolic syndrome cluster score. Anxiety and depression symptoms were self-reported on the Screen for Child Anxiety Related Disorders and Center for Epidemiological Studies Depression Scale for Children. Two sets of adjustment variables were used in evaluation of differences between those with and without anxiety or depression symptomatology for the CVD risk factor and vascular outcomes. The first set included adjustment for Tanner stage, sex, and race; the second was additionally adjusted for percent body fat. RESULTS: Anxiety was not significantly associated with CVD risk factors or vascular health in either model. Depression was associated with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, and metabolic syndrome cluster score; these relationships were attenuated when accounting for percent body fat. CONCLUSIONS: When accounting for body fat, we found no clear relationship of self-reported depression or anxiety symptoms with CVD risk factors or vascular health in youth.
Analysis of Pediatric Waist to Hip Ratio Relationship to Metabolic Syndrome Markers.$$$ PURPOSE: Waist to hip ratio (WHR) is a valid assessment tool to determine risk for the development or presence of metabolic syndrome, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in adults. Evidence-based research on its validity with children and adolescents is limited. A retrospective analysis was conducted to determine if WHR in overweight and obese pediatric patients is associated with metabolic syndrome laboratory markers. METHODS: Retrospective chart reviews were performed for 754 patients ages 6 to 17 years who were enrolled in a weight management program. Data collected included WHR, laboratory markers for metabolic disorder, body mass index, demographics, presence of acanthosis nigricans, and Tanner stage. RESULTS: WHR and high-density lipoprotein were negatively correlated, r (N = 597) = -0.20, p < .001. WHR and triglycerides were positively correlated, r (N = 597) = 0.19, p < .001, as were WHR and low-density lipoprotein, r (N = 596) = 0.09, p = .03, and WHR and insulin, r (N = 414) = 0.16, p = .001. In a subject sample with very restricted range, a one-way analysis of variance found a significant effect of WHR on body mass index percentile, F (1, 754) = 22.43, p < .001, η(2) = 0.03. CONCLUSIONS: Increased WHR correlated in children and adolescents with known indicators that could be suggestive of increased risk for metabolic syndrome, specifically low high-density lipoprotein, high low-density lipoprotein, triglycerides, and insulin. These results suggest that evaluation of WHR may be a useful tool to indicate risk for developing metabolic syndrome and diabetes in children and adolescents.
Insulin Resistance in South African Youth Living with Perinatally Acquired HIV Receiving Antiretroviral Therapy.$$$ To investigate the prevalence of and risk factors for insulin resistance (IR) in a cohort of youth living with perinatally acquired HIV (YLPHIV) receiving antiretroviral treatment (ART). A cross-sectional analysis of IR in YLPHIV and age-matched HIV-uninfected youth enrolled in the Cape Town Adolescent Antiretroviral Cohort. South African youth ages 9-14 years, with perinatally acquired HIV who were on ART for >6 months and age-matched HIV-uninfected adolescents, were eligible. The homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), calculated from fasting insulin and glucose measurements at enrollment, was used to assess IR. Multiple linear regression was used to examine adjusted associations between HOMA and HIV-related and traditional cardiovascular risk factors. Of 448 adolescents, 385 (85.9%) were YLPHIV; median age was 12.1 years [interquartile range (IQR): 10.8-13.5], and 50.4% were female. Median duration on ART was 7.5 (IQR: 4.5-9.2) years. The prevalence of IR in YLPHIV was 18%. Among YLPHIV, waist circumference (ß = 0.01, p = .01), hypertriglyceridemia (ß = 0.07, p = .01), CD4 count >500 cells/mm(3) (ß = 0.08, p = .02), or prior use of abacavir (ß = 0.06, p = .04) were associated with increased HOMA, after adjusting for age, sex, body mass index, and Tanner stage. In a South African cohort of YLPHIV on ART, IR was not significantly different from uninfected adolescents. YLPHIV with traditional cardiovascular risk factors or abacavir exposure may be at higher risk for IR. FAU - Frigati, Lisa J
Reversal of obesity-related hypoadiponectinemia by lifestyle intervention: a controlled, randomized study in obese adolescents.$$$ CONTEXT: Hypoadiponectinemia and chronic subclinical inflammation in adults are associated with the development of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The potential relationship between adiponectin and inflammation and its modulation by lifestyle intervention in the pediatric obese population remain unclear. OBJECTIVES: The objectives were to investigate in adolescents 1) the relationship between adiponectin and obesity-related inflammatory factors, C-reactive protein, and IL-6; and 2) the effect of a lifestyle intervention on adiponectin and whether these effects are related to changes in inflammatory factors. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Twenty-one obese and age-matched lean adolescents (age, 14-18 yr; Tanner stage, > or =IV) were studied cross-sectionally. Fifteen obese adolescents also underwent a randomized, controlled physical activity-behavior-diet-based lifestyle intervention for 3 months. Associations among adiponectin, fat mass, insulin resistance, and inflammatory factors at baseline as well as after the intervention were assessed. RESULTS: Plasma adiponectin concentration was lower (P < 0.001) in the obese vs. age-matched lean adolescents. Significant inverse relationships were observed between adiponectin and inflammatory factors, insulinemia, insulin resistance, and fat mass. Intervention produced a 34% increase in adiponectin concentration (P = 0.0004) despite negligible weight loss but with reductions in fat mass, hyperinsulinemia, insulin resistance, and inflammatory factors (all P < 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: The data suggest that in adolescents, obesity-related hypoadiponectinemia is associated with subclinical inflammation, and a short-term lifestyle intervention augments adiponectin concentrations. These effects appear to be related to reductions in fat mass and inflammatory factors. Based on our current understanding of adiponectin physiology, reversal of hypoadiponectinemia in obese adolescents may protect against risks for cardiovascular disease and diabetes. FAU - Balagopal, Prabhakaran
Endocrine control of body composition in infancy, childhood, and puberty.$$$ Body composition exhibits marked variations across the early human lifetime. The precise physiological mechanisms that drive such developmental adaptations are difficult to establish. This clinical challenge reflects an array of potentially confounding factors, such as marked intersubject differences in tissue compartments; the incremental nature of longitudinal intrasubject variations in body composition; technical limitations in quantitating the unobserved mass of mineral, fat, water, and muscle ad seriatim; and the multifold contributions of genetic, dietary, environmental, hormonal, nutritional, and behavioral signals to physical and sexual maturation. From an endocrine perspective (reviewed here), gonadal sex steroids and GH/IGF-I constitute prime determinants of evolving body composition. The present critical review examines hormonal regulation of body composition in infancy, childhood, and puberty. FAU - Veldhuis, Johannes D
Serum insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and growth in children born after assisted reproduction.$$$ CONTEXT: Concern has been raised about the safety of assisted reproduction techniques for the offspring. OBJECTIVES: The objective of the study was to investigate postnatal growth and growth factors in children born after intra-cytoplasmatic sperm injection (ICSI) and in vitro fertilization (IVF). DESIGN: The study had two cohorts: a population-based longitudinal infant cohort 0-36 months [236 ICSI, 173 IVF, 1530 naturally conceived (NC)], and a cross-sectional child cohort at 5 yr (68 ICSI, 67 IVF, 70 NC). INTERVENTION: Anthropometrical measurements were made at birth, 3, 18, 36 (infant cohort), and 60 months (child cohort), and blood samples were collected at 3 or 60 months. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Serum IGF-I, IGFBP-3, height, weight, head and abdominal circumference, body mass index, and fat folds were the main outcome measures. RESULTS: Anthropometrical measurements showed no significant differences between ICSI and IVF children and controls in either cohort. However, singleton ICSI girls [3.4 (0.6) kg, P = 0.008] had a slightly lower birth weight than IVF [3.5 (0.5) kg] and NC girls [3.5 (0.5) kg]. Birth weights of singleton boys [3.6 (0.5) kg], twin boys [2.6 (0.6) kg], and twin girls [2.4 (0.5) kg] did not differ between types of conception. In the infant cohort in 3-month-old singletons, serum IGF-I was lower in ICSI [78 (26) ng/ml] than NC boys [94 (27) ng/ml, P < 0.001] and IVF [74 (34) ng/ml], compared with NC girls [93 (43) ng/ml, P = 0.011]. ICSI children were also smaller than their target height (sd score) at 3 yr of age [mean -0.91 (1.2)], compared with NC children [-0.61 (0.9), P = 0.033]. In the child cohort, target height attainment (sd score) and growth factors did not differ among the three groups. CONCLUSIONS: The overall growth pattern of ICSI and IVF children in both cohorts was normal. Our findings of subtle differences in target height attainment and serum IGF-I levels between infants born after assisted reproduction techniques and controls may not be clinically significant. However, these observations indicate that further systematic follow-up of growth and puberty in these children is needed. FAU - Kai, Claudia Mau
Increased leptin, decreased adiponectin and FGF21 concentrations in adolescent offspring of women with gestational diabetes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Fetal exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases the risk of metabolic diseases in the offspring. Leptin, adiponectin, and fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) may play potential roles in the underlying disease mechanisms. We investigated the impact of fetal exposure to GDM on leptin, adiponectin, and FGF21 concentrations and their associations with measures of adiposity and metabolic traits during childhood/adolescence. DESIGN AND METHODS: The follow-up study included 504 GDM and 540 control offspring aged 9-16 from the Danish National Birth Cohort. Anthropometric measurements, fasting blood samples, puberty status and fat percentages by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry were examined. Serum concentrations of leptin, adiponectin, and FGF21 were measured by validated immune assays. RESULTS: GDM offspring had 38% (95% CI: 22-55%) higher leptin, 0.6 mg/L (95% CI: -1.2, -0.04 mg/L) lower adiponectin, and 32% (95% CI: -47%, -12%) lower FGF21 concentrations than control offspring (P < 0.05). After adjustment for confounders including maternal pre-pregnancy BMI, GDM offspring had borderline higher leptin (P = 0.06) and significantly lower FGF21 concentrations (P = 0.006). When accounting for offspring BMI z-score, GDM exposure had no significant independent effect on leptin or adiponectin concentrations, whereas FGF21 was still significant. In univariate analyses, leptin and adiponectin were associated with fasting insulin, HOMA-IR, and adiposity, and FGF21 with total fat percentage. CONCLUSIONS: GDM offspring had higher leptin, lower adiponectin and FGF21 concentrations than control offspring. Elevated leptin and decreased adiponectin concentrations associated with adverse metabolic traits and were most likely driven by higher obesity prevalence among GDM offspring. The functional implications of decreased FGF21 concentrations among GDM offspring need to be further explored. FAU - Kampmann, Freja B
Usefulness of insulin like growth factor 1 as a marker of heart failure in children and young adults after the Fontan palliation procedure.$$$ Growth hormone and its mediator, insulinlike growth factor 1 (IGF-1), are key determinants of growth in children and young adults. As patients with Fontan physiology often experience diminished longitudinal growth, we sought to describe IGF-1 levels in this population and to identify factors associated with IGF-1 deficiency. Forty-one Fontan subjects ≥5 years were evaluated in this cross-sectional study. Age- and gender-specific height Z scores were generated using national data. Laboratory testing included IGF-1 and brain natriuretic peptide (BNP) levels. IGF-1 levels were converted to age-, gender-, and Tanner stage-specific Z scores. BNP levels were log transformed to achieve a normal distribution (log-BNP). Medical records were reviewed for pertinent clinical variables. Predictors of IGF-1 Z score were assessed through the Student t test and Pearson's correlation. Median age was 11.1 years (range 5.1 to 33.5 years), and time from Fontan was 8.2 years (1.1 to 26.7). Mean height Z score was -0.2 ± 0.9 with a mean IGF-1 Z score of -0.1 ± 1.3. There was no association between IGF-1 Z score and height Z score. Longer interval since Fontan (R = -0.32, p = 0.04), higher log-BNP (R = -0.40; p = 0.01), and lower indexed systemic flow on cardiac magnetic resonance (R = 0.55, p = 0.02) were associated with lower IGF-1 Z scores. In conclusion, in this cohort with Fontan physiology, higher BNP and lower systemic flow were associated with lower IGF-1 Z score. Longitudinal studies are needed to determine if these relations represent a mechanistic explanation for diminished growth in children with this physiology and with other forms of congenital heart disease.
Current prescribing practices and opinions about growth hormone therapy: results of a nationwide survey of paediatric endocrinologists.$$$ BACKGROUND: With the advent of several new treatment indications for recombinant hGH, endocrinologists are being asked to make some difficult decisions regarding eligibility for treatment. The purpose of this study was to summarize prevailing attitudes about GH diagnosis and treatment among paediatric endocrinologists. METHODS: We sent surveys to all active US members of the Lawson Wilkins Pediatric Endocrine Society (LWPES) listed in the 2004-05 directory (excluding our own group of physicians). Thirty-eight per cent of the surveys were returned and 182 met eligibility for analysis. Surveys were divided into four parts: demographic data, answers reflecting current diagnosis practices for GH deficiency and treatment with GH, attitudes and clinical practice for the idiopathic short stature (ISS) diagnosis, and four case studies. Through a series of questions, we elicited the influence towards prescribing GH of current height, growth velocity, predicted height, pubertal progression and other variables. Results were entered into a Microsoft Access database and statistical evaluation was conducted. RESULTS: Eighty-eight per cent of respondents answered 'no' to the statement that there is good consensus on who should be treated with GH and over 90% answered 'no' to the statement that secretagogue testing was the best way to determine if a child would benefit from GH. Factors listed by respondents as important for prescribing GH include: growth velocity less than the 25th percentile, target height less than the 5th percentile and pubertal stage greater than Tanner 2. Current height was also important; however, answers varied as to what height percentile indicated the need for treatment. When queried about prescribing practices for nonstraightforward cases, 62% of respondents answered that the cost of GH influenced their decision to treat, 55% responded that concerns of future unknown side-effects affected their decision and 37% noted family persistence influenced their decision. In response to queries about ISS, 82% answered that they were currently using the new indication and 69% answered that there was a need for the indication. The statement that short stature could be a disability received a 'yes' response from 78%. Answers to the four cases reflected lack of consensus, with one-third of all respondents answering that they would treat each case, one-third choosing to treat more than two of the cases and one-third treating less than two of the cases. CONCLUSION: Endocrinologists differed in their answers about cause for treatment with GH but in general favoured use of poor growth velocity, poor target height and low IGF-1 levels as indications to treat a paediatric patient with GH. FAU - Hardin, Dana S
Relationship between gamma-glutamyltransferase and fat mass in a general population of 8-17 years old children. The FLVS II study.$$$ AIM: Elevated gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT) is positively associated with severity of obesity in obese children and with increased BMI and waist circumference in general populations of adults. We aimed to study the relationships between GGT and anthropometric parameters in a general population of children. METHODS: This cross-sectional study was conducted in 219 boys and 214 girls included in the Fleurbaix Laventie Ville Santé II study. Weight, height, four skinfolds and waist circumference were measured. We compared the means of GGT activity according to gender and Tanner stage, and according to overweight status (IOTF definition) and quartiles of anthropometric parameters. We then calculated partial Pearson correlations by gender between GGT and anthropometric parameters taking age and Tanner stage into account. RESULTS: GGT activity was higher in boys than in girls as soon as puberty started (P<0.001). The higher difference was observed for Tanner stage III (GGT=10.2 UI/L, CI95% of mean (9.5, 11.1) vs. 7.8 UI/L (7.2, 8.4)). Anthropometric parameters were significantly associated with GGT, particularly waist circumference (r=0.28 in boys; r=0.24 in girls). After an additional adjustment for sum of skinfolds, this correlation disappeared in boys (r=0.06), and was still significant in girls (r=0.19). CONCLUSION: In a general population of children, overweight and abdominal fat distribution were associated with increased GGT. As some studies have shown that GGT could predict the metabolic syndrome in children and type 2 diabetes in adults, the modest elevation of GGT observed in overweight children may be of pathophysiological importance in the long term. FAU - Botton, J
Acanthosis nigricans predicts the clustering of metabolic syndrome components in Hispanic elementary school-aged children.$$$ BACKGROUND: Acanthosis nigricans (AN) is a dermatologic condition associated with hyperinsulinemia, a marker of insulin resistance that is the principal abnormality in metabolic syndrome (MetS). We examined the association of AN with the clustering of MetS components. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted in an urban school-based health center in New Mexico. Students without diabetes were evaluated for AN, a family history of type 2 diabetes, body mass index (BMI), and MetS components. The clustering of MetS components by BMI category and AN status was assessed by comparing the group means of summed average z-scores of fasting insulin, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, and systolic blood pressure among the students. A multivariate model with BMI category and AN status controlling for Tanner stage was performed to identify the variables associated with the clustering of MetS components. RESULTS: Complete data were available for 90 children (age, 9.7±1.4 years; 94% Hispanic; 60% female). In multivariate modeling of MetS cluster z-score, significant differences were found between the students with BMI <85th percentile [-0.27; 95% confidence interval (95% CI)=-0.42 to -0.11] and (a) the students with BMI 85th-94.9th percentile with AN (0.74; 95% CI=0.17-1.31) and (b) the students with BMI ≥95th percentile with AN (0.86; 95% CI=0.54-1.18). No significant differences in the MetS cluster z-score were seen between the students with BMI <85th percentile and those with BMI 85th-94.9th percentile without AN (0.24; 95% CI=-0.33 to 0.81) or those with BMI ≥95th percentile without AN (0.31; 95% CI=-0.13 to 0.75). CONCLUSIONS: Overweight/obese Hispanic elementary school-aged children with AN exhibit clustering of MetS components and could benefit from early intervention. FAU - Kong, Alberta S
Clinical and biological parameters in 166 boys, adolescents and adults with nonmosaic Klinefelter syndrome: a Copenhagen experience.$$$ AIM: Klinefelter syndrome (KS) is the most frequent sex chromosome disorder in males, but the phenotype varies greatly and is therefore highly under-diagnosed. We aimed at describing the phenotypic characteristics throughout life from clinical follow-up of our large cohort of patients with KS. METHODS: A retrospective observational study of 166 males with nonmosaic 47,XXY KS aged 0.3-80.3 years. Data on phenotype, growth, body composition, bone mineral density, sex hormones, lipids, glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1C) and prostate-specific antigen were recorded. In addition, histological examination of testicular biopsies from 29 patients was performed. RESULTS: Patients with Klinefelter were taller already in childhood. All patients had smaller testicular volume and elevated luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle-stimulating hormone levels in adulthood. Cryptorchidism was reported in 14%, gynaecomastia in 44%, and 36% required speech therapy or educational support. The abnormal biochemical parameters became evident after onset of puberty and correlated with histological findings of a gradual deterioration of seminiferous tubules and massive Leydig cell hyperplasia in adults. CONCLUSION: Our patients presented with a wide spectrum of the classical Klinefelter symptoms. In adulthood, two features were consistently present in every patient: small testes and high LH/testosterone ratio, often despite normal testosterone levels. Such biochemical parameters combined with small testes should lead to a suspicion of KS.
Clinical presentation, growth, and pubertal development in Addison's disease.$$$ The clinical course of eight boys and six girls with Addison's disease has been reviewed. Adrenal antibodies were found in five boys and five girls, and four children showed clinical evidence of other autoimmune disease (hypoparathyroidism (three); diabetes (one)). The presentation was insidious in 12 children but acute in two. On treatment, linear growth was normal and, with the exception of one girl with theca cell antibodies, pubertal development proceeded normally in the older patients. FAU - Grant, D B
The relation of serum nesfatin-1 level with anthropometric and metabolic parameters in children and adolescents: A prospective observational study.$$$ Nesfatin-1, a recently discovered anorexigenic neuropeptide, seems to play an important role in hypothalamic pathways regulating food intake and energy homeostasis. The aim of this study was to evaluate the relation of serum nesfatin-1 level with metabolic and anthropometric parameters in children and adolescents.This study prospectively included 78 Korean children and adolescents (42 obese/overweight group and 36 healthy control group). Fasting serum nesfatin-1 was quantitatively assayed by ELISA. Lipid profile, fasting blood glucose, fasting insulin, and the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) were measured as metabolic parameters.Serum nesfatin-1 levels were significantly lower in obese/overweight group than in control group (median 1.4 vs 2.0 ng/mL; P = .003). Pubertal subjects have the lower serum nesfatin-1 level than pre-pubertal subjects (median 1.5 vs 2.6 ng/mL; P = .02). Nesfatin-1 levels negatively correlated with chronological age (r = -0.37; P = .001), BMI (r = -0.33; P = .003), and BMI SDS (r = -0.26; P = .02).In conclusion, our results suggest that serum nesfatin-1 negatively correlated with BMI in children and adolescents. It suggests that nesfatin-1 might have an important role in regulation of food intake in obese children and adolescents. FAU - Kim, Shin-Hee
Endocrinology and gynecology of girls and women with low birth weight.$$$ In girls, low birth weight (LBW), when followed by postnatal catch-up growth, is accompanied by endocrine-metabolic abnormalities which include a more adipose body composition (with increased visceral fat), insulin resistance and a less favorable adipokine profile as early as in the pre-school age. These girls also exhibit follicle-stimulating hormone hypersecretion both in early infancy and early post-menarche, with reduced uterine and ovarian size in adolescence. These endocrine and gynecological changes result in a decreased ovulation rate and in an advanced tempo of adrenarche, pubertal development and menarche (by nearly a year, compared to non-LBW girls). The earlier maturation in LBW girls may result in a loss of about 1 SD in height, as compared with target height. During the post-menarcheal period, LBW girls are at increased risk of developing polycystic ovary syndrome. Early insulin sensitization may prevent or delay some of the endocrine-metabolic abnormalities associated to LBW.
Physical activity and metabolic syndrome in Korean children.$$$ Little is known about whether lifestyle factors such as dietary intake, physical activity (PA), and cardio/respiratory fitness (CRF) are associated with metabolic risk factors in Korean children. The purpose of the study was to investigate the relationships among those lifestyle-related modifiable factors and the clustering of metabolic risk factors in young Korean children. In a cross-sectional study, we studied 246 Korean children (mean+/-SD; age: 12.6+/-0.5 years, BMI: 19.9+/-3.2 kg/m (2)) who were recruited from local elementary schools. In the total study population, physical activity and CRF were inversely associated with metabolic risk factors including body fatness, blood pressures, blood lipids and glucose. Daily caloric intake and proportion of carbohydrates were positively associated with BMI and percent body fat only. Multivariate regression analyses showed that physical activity was independently and inversely associated with the clustering of metabolic risk factors, even after adjustments for age, sex, sexual maturation, dietary intake, and CRF. Overall, the current findings of the study suggest that physical activity rather than CRF and/or dietary intake is an independent predictor for the clustering of metabolic risk factors in Korean children.
Premature adrenarche: novel lessons from early onset androgen excess.$$$ Adrenarche reflects the maturation of the adrenal zona reticularis resulting in increased secretion of the adrenal androgen precursor DHEA and its sulphate ester DHEAS. Premature adrenarche (PA) is defined by increased levels of DHEA and DHEAS before the age of 8 years in girls and 9 years in boys and the concurrent presence of signs of androgen action including adult-type body odour, oily skin and hair and pubic hair growth. PA is distinct from precocious puberty, which manifests with the development of secondary sexual characteristics including testicular growth and breast development. Idiopathic PA (IPA) has long been considered an extreme of normal variation, but emerging evidence links IPA to an increased risk of developing the metabolic syndrome (MS) and thus ultimately cardiovascular morbidity. Areas of controversy include the question whether IPA in girls is associated with a higher rate of progression to the polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and whether low birth weight increases the risk of developing IPA. The recent discoveries of two novel monogenic causes of early onset androgen excess, apparent cortisone reductase deficiency and apparent DHEA sulphotransferase deficiency, support the notion that PA may represent a forerunner condition for PCOS. Future research including carefully designed longitudinal studies is required to address the apparent link between early onset androgen excess and the development of insulin resistance and the MS. FAU - Idkowiak, Jan
[Epidemiological survey in schoolchildren: determinants and prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors].$$$ This study focused on the prevalence of dyslipidemia, high blood glucose, and high blood pressure in scho-olchildren and the associations with demographic, socioeconomic, biological, and behavior factors using a cross-sectional design with 1,139 schoolchildren from six to 18 years of age in Amargosa, Bahia State, Brazil. Prevalence ratio (PR) was used as the measure of association. Prevalence rates for dyslipidemia, high blood glucose, and high blood pressure were 62.1%, 6.6%, and 27%, respectively. Dyslipidemia was associated with the school's geographic location (PR = 1.52) and child's waist circumference (PR = 1.20), and high blood glucose with the school's geographic location (PR = 3.41) and child's peripheral adiposity (PR = 3.13). High blood pressure was associated with age bracket (PR = 2.34), waist-for-height ratio (PR = 1.62), sexual ma-turation (PR = 2.06), and physical activity (PR = 1.32). Intervention programs are needed to change life habits in schoolchildren. FAU - Quadros, Teresa Maria Bianchini de
Lifestyle behaviors and dyslipidemia in Argentinean native versus urban children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the prevalence and distribution of dyslipidemia among urban children from Buenos Aires (BA) versus Koya Indian from San Antonio de los Cobres (SAC). DESIGN AND METHODS: Anthropometric measures, blood pressure, Tanner stages, glucose, lipids and insulin were measured. Dyslipidemia was defined by the NCEP (the National Cholesterol Education Program standards) and AHA (American Heart Association) criteria. RESULTS: The mean ages were 10.6 ± 3.0 of SAC and 9.5 ± 2.0 years of BA children. Of the 603 BA children, 97 (16.1%) were overweight (OW) and 82 (13.6%) obese (OB), and of 330 SAC, 15 (4.5%) were OW and 12 (3.6%) OB (p < 0.01). Twenty six percent SAC vs 2.5% BA children ate ≥ 5 servings/day of fruits and vegetables (p < 0.001), 30% SAC vs 59% BA children watched TV ≥ 2 h/day(p < 0.001), and 8.2% SAC vs 13.1% BA children skipped breakfast (p < 0.001). In separate linear regression models, we found that SAC children had a 1.8 mmol/L (p < 0.001) higher hemoglobin level, a 0.56 mmol/L higher triglyceride level (p<0.001), a 0.15 mmol/L higher total cholesterol level (p=0.001), a 0.19 mmol/L higher LDL-C level (p < 0.001), and a 0.33 mmol/L lower HDL-C level (p < 0.001) than BA children adjusted for confounding factors. CONCLUSION: Koya children have a higher risk for dyslipidemia in comparison with BA children, even after controlling for lifestyle behaviors, obesity, age, and sex , suggesting that dyslipidemia could be related to their genetic backgrounds.
The BDNF Val66Met polymorphism is associated with lower BMI, lower postprandial glucose levels and elevated carbohydrate intake in children and adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: The amino acid-changing exonic variant rs6265 (Val66Met polymorphism) in the brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) has been linked to obesity in several genotype-phenotype association studies. OBJECTIVE: To identify metabolic factors by which this effect might be conveyed, we aimed to investigate its correlation with (i) obesity, (ii) metabolic parameters, (iii) serum levels of BDNF and (iv) measures of energy intake in children and adolescents. METHODS: We genotyped the variant in 2131 subjects (age 6-18 years) and checked for an association with obesity. Secondly, we correlated the genotype with parameters of glucose and lipid metabolism (fasting/postprandial glucose and insulin levels, HbA1c, homeostasis model assessment, Matsuda, high-density lipoprotein, low-density lipoprotein, total cholesterol and triglycerides) in a smaller subset of 845 subjects. We determined BDNF serum levels in 177 individuals by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay and assessed the association with genotype and metabolic parameters. Finally, we investigated the association between genotype and macronutrient intake from self-reported food diaries (n = 146). RESULTS: The minor Met allele was associated with lower BMI standard deviation score (p = 0.002). Post-pubertal Met allele carriers showed lower postprandial glucose levels and a lower HbA1c (β = 0.15, p = 0.046 and β = 0.27, p = 0.012, respectively). Neither the genotype nor any of the metabolic parameters correlated with BDNF serum levels. We observed an increased total calorie intake (β = -0.21, p = 0.007) with increased carbohydrate and protein intake (β = -0.22, p = 0.005 and β = -0.14, p = 0.028, respectively) in Met allele carriers. CONCLUSIONS: We confirmed the association of the minor Met allele with lower BMI in children and provide new data that it is associated with lower postprandial glucose in post-pubertal subjects. Moreover, Met allele carriers reported to consume more carbohydrates and proteins.
Unilateral ovarian enlargement in adolescents with polycystic ovary syndrome: a variant of bilateral disease.$$$ AIMS: To evaluate clinical, biochemical and radiological features in adolescent females with unilateral polycystic ovary (UniPCO) versus bilateral polycystic ovary (BiPCO) in patients with polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), and to compare the association of insulin resistance (IR) and metabolic syndrome (MS) between the two groups. SETTING: Pediatric endocrine clinic. METHODS: A retrospective chart review of girls with the diagnosis of PCOS was performed. They were divided into two groups: PCOS with UniPCO and BiPCO. RESULTS: No difference was seen between the two groups in regard to clinical parameters. LH/FSH ratio was significantly higher in patients with BiPCO. No difference was seen in free testosterone, lipids, MS or IR between groups. Ultrasound showed a mean ovarian volume of 13.2 +/- 1.5 ml on the affected side in UniPCO and 16.1 +/- 1.2 ml in BiPCO. Ovarian follicle location was mostly peripheral in both UniPCO and BiPCO. Multiple follicles were found in the majority of cases. IR and MS were present in 40% of girls with UniPCO and 38% and 23%, respectively, in girls with BiPCO. CONCLUSION: UniPCO may be a forerunner of BiPCO and may represent an early point along the continuum. Later, the unaffected ovary continues to increase in volume, resulting in BiPCO. Metabolic abnormalities of patients with UniPCO highlights that as well as being a precursor of BiPCO, it also imparts considerable health risks. FAU - Shah, Bina
Features of the metabolic syndrome are associated with objectively measured physical activity and fitness in Danish children: the European Youth Heart Study (EYHS).$$$ OBJECTIVE: Features of the metabolic syndrome are becoming increasingly evident in children. Decreased physical activity is likely to be an important etiological factor, as shown previously for subjective measures of physical activity in selected groups. The purpose of this study was to examine the relationship between the metabolic syndrome and objectively measured physical activity and whether fitness modified this relationship. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 589 Danish children (310 girls, 279 boys, mean [+/-SD] age 9.6 +/- 0.44 years, mean weight 33.6 +/- 6.4 kg, mean height 1.39 +/- 0.06 m) were randomly selected. Physical activity was measured with the uni-axial Computer Science & Applications accelerometer (MTI actigraph) worn at the hip for at least 3 days (>/=10 h/day) and fitness with a maximal bike test. As outcomes, we measured sitting systolic and diastolic blood pressure, degree of adiposity (sum of four skinfolds), and, finally, insulin, glucose, triglicerides, and HDL cholesterol in fasting blood samples. The outcome variables were statistically normalized and expressed as the number of SDs from the mean. (i.e., Z scores). A metabolic syndrome risk score was computed as the mean of these Z scores. Multiple linear regression was used to test the association between physical activity and metabolic risk, adjusted primarily for age, sex, sexual maturation, ethnicity, parental smoking, socioeconomic factors, and the Computer Science & Applications unit, as well as for fitness. Robust SEs were computed by clustering on school. RESULTS: All children were in the nondiabetic range of fasting glucose. Metabolic risk was inversely related to physical activity (P = 0.008). The relationship was weakened after adjustment for fitness, but there was a significantly positive interaction between physical activity and fitness. CONCLUSIONS: Physical activity is inversely associated with metabolic risk, independently of potential confounders. The interaction between physical activity and fitness suggests that the potential beneficial effect of activity may be greatest in children with lower cardiorespiratory fitness. FAU - Brage, Søren
IGF-I-IGFBP-3-acid-labile subunit (ALS) complex in children and adolescents with classical congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency (CAH).$$$ It has been shown that changes in IGF-I and IGFBP levels in children with classical congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency (CAH) are correlated with different states of metabolic control. Our approach was to analyze the serum levels of IGF-I, IGFBP-3, their molar ratio IGF-I:IGFBP-3 (MR), and ALS in a cohort of CAH children and adolescents, and their associations with different clinical and biochemical parameters. DESIGN AND PATIENTS: 56 patients, aged between 5.6 and 19.0 years were studied cross-sectionally. All patients had genetically proven CAH and received standard steroid substitution therapy. We measured serum levels of IGF-I, IGFBP-3, and ALS by commercial ELISA and calculated MR and assigned population-based SD scores (SDS). RESULTS: (median, quartiles) Overall IGF-I was not significantly altered (0.05 SDS, -1.21, 0.92), whereas IGFBP-3 was significantly elevated (1.50 SDS; 0.58, 1.95, p<0.0001) compared to the reference population. Consecutively, MR was decreased (-0.64 SDS; -1.38, 0.32; p=0.0017). ALS was clearly decreased (-1.95 SDS; -3.075, -1.00; p<0.0001). ALS, IGF-I, MR, and IGFBP-3 SDS were lower in pubertal than in prepubertal patients (p<0.05). ALS SDS were lower in girls (p=0.0038). Correlation analyses (r(s), p) revealed correlations between MR/ALS and chronological age (-0.583, <0.0001/-0.428, 0.0010), MR/ALS and Tanner stages (-0.500, <0.0001/-0.334, 0.0118), MR/ALS and bone age (0.407, 0.0075/0.426, 0.0049), and between MR and ALS (0.405, 0.0020), respectively. For MR and ALS, we found no significant correlations for BMI, HOMA-IR, hydrocortisone and fludrocortisone dosage, or parameters of metabolic control. CONCLUSIONS: Our data provide evidence that the components of the trimeric IGF-I-IGFBP-3-ALS complex are altered in CAH children with possible implications on pubertal growth and final height.
Pregnancy outcome post renal transplantation.$$$ BACKGROUND: The success in performing organ transplantations and prevention of rejection has resulted not only in a substantial increase in life expectancy, but also improvement in the patients' quality of life. Thus, women who underwent organ transplantation are now reaching puberty and the age of reproduction. This has presented new challenges regarding the teratogenicity and the long-term effect of immunosuppressive medications used by these patients. Previous studies have shown that pregnancies after renal transplantation are associated with an increased risk for both the mother and the fetus. There is, however, very little information available on neonatal and long-term pediatric follow-up of babies born to mothers who have undergone renal transplantation and have been exposed to immunosuppressive medications, compared to controls. We report the experience of our center, the largest in Canada, regarding the prenatal and long-term postnatal outcome of pregnancies after renal transplantation. METHODS: This is a retrospective case series reporting the outcome of 44 consecutive pregnancies followed by the Toronto Renal Transplant Program. Follow-up data were gathered on the 32 live born children by either a return visit to the clinic or by telephone interview. Medical, as well as developmental information, was gathered on all children and the study group was compared to controls, matched for maternal age (+/-2 years) and smoking status, obtained through the Motherisk Program. RESULTS: Of the 44 pregnancies followed by us, there were 32 live-born children delivered by 26 mothers and 12 stillborn/abortuses. Twenty-six pregnancies were treated with cyclosporine, azathioprine and prednisone, 13 with azathioprine and prednisone and five with cyclosporine and prednisone. The mean gestational age at delivery in the study group was 36.5 +/- 2.7 weeks compared to 40.2 +/- 1.6 weeks in the control group (P < 0.001). The mean birthweight in the study group was 2.54 +/- 0.67 kg, compared to 3.59 +/- 0.53 kg in the control group (P < 0.0001). In the study group there was one child with multiple anomalies and four stillbirths compared to zero in the control group. There were also six spontaneous abortions and two therapeutic abortions in the study group. On follow-up (from 3 months to 11 years of age) there was one child with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, two children with asthma and one child with recurrent otitis media. Developmental follow-up revealed one child with moderate to severe sensorineural hearing loss, one child with a learning disability and one child with pervasive developmental disorder. In none of these cases were there signs of perinatal asphyxia. CONCLUSION: There are significantly more stillbirths, preterm deliveries and increased incidence of low birth weight in the transplant group. Most pregnancies in the study group went well, however, and their offspring had normal postnatal growth and development. Further studies with long-term pediatric follow-up are needed to delineate their outcome and rule out possible long term effects of the immunosuppressive medication on their growth, development, reproduction and general health.
[Clinical manifestations, biochemical, ultrasonographic and metabolic of polycystic ovary syndrome in adolescents].$$$ PURPOSE: To evaluate the clinical, ultrasonographic, biochemical and metabolic alterations of adolescents with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). METHODS: Retrospective observational study conducted on 44 adolescents aged 12 to 19 years, diagnosed with PCOS according to the Rotterdam Consensus. Metabolic changes were assessed according to the recommendations of the International Diabetes Federation, considering: waist circumference (WC) >90th percentile (10-15 years of age) or >80 cm (age >16 years), fasting glucose >100 mg/dL, triglycerides >150 mg/dL, HDL <40 mg/dL, and blood pressure >Hg 130/85 mm. RESULTS: Mean age was 16.7 ± 2.2 years and age at menarche was 11.8 ± 1.4 years. The menstrual irregularity most frequently observed was amenorrhea (72.7%) followed by oligomenorrhea (27.3%); hirsutism was observed in 86.4% and acne in 56.8%. Polycystic ovaries were observed by ultrasound only in 27.3%. Mean BMI was 30.3 ± 6.6 kg/m². According to BMI, 52.3% of adolescents were obese, 13.6% were overweight and 6.8% had a healthy weight. Increased waist circumference (63.6%, 28/44) and the reduction of HDL-C (34.1%, 15/44) were the metabolic changes most frequently observed. Increased triglycerides were observed in 27.3% (12/44) and increased blood pressure and impaired fasting glucose were found in 9.1% (4/44) and 4.5% (2/44) of cases, respectively. Acanthosis nigricans was observed in 52.3% and insulin resistance in 62.8% of the adolescents with PCOS. Metabolic syndrome was identified in six children (13.6%), all of them obese or overweight. CONCLUSION: In the adolescents with PCOS studied here, menstrual irregularity and hirsutism were the most common clinical manifestations, while the sonographic findings consistent with polycystic ovaries were less prevalent. Obesity associated with insulin resistance predisposes these adolescents to a higher frequency of metabolic disorders. FAU - Rehme, Marta Francis Benevides
Relationship between lipid and hematological profiles with adiposity in obese adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: An excess of weight including obesity have reached epidemic rates in all age groups, both in developed and developing countries. It is notable that overweight children and adolescents have a higher likelihood of becoming obese adults and to present health-related problems early in life. OBJECTIVES: [corrected] To verify associations of the lipid and hematological profiles with adiposity in obese adolescents beginning multidisciplinary weight loss therapy. METHODS: This cross-sectional study was conducted with 85 adolescents of both genders, aged 12-19 years (Tanner staging 3 or 4) and body mass index greater than the 95(th) percentile. The sum of the triceps, subscapular and calf skinfolds and the waist circumference were used to estimate adiposity. Blood samples were collected from all patients after overnight fasting to analyze blood lipids (total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein, low-density lipoprotein, very low-density lipoprotein and triglycerides), blood sugar and the hematological profile (hemoglobin, platelets and red blood cells). The Kolmogorov-Smirnov test and Spearman and Pearson correlation coefficients were used for statistical analysis with significance set for p-values ≤ 0.05. RESULTS: There were statistical differences between genders for red blood cells (p-value = 0.000), hemoglobin (p-value = 0.000) and platelets (p-value = 0.002). Positive correlations were found for red blood cells (p-value = 0.031) and hemoglobin (p-value = 0.024) with waist circumference. There was a negative correlation between hemoglobin and the sum of skinfolds (p-value = 0.022). CONCLUSION: The results demonstrate an association between the lipid and hematological profiles and body adiposity in obese adolescents thus reinforcing the importance of treating obese adolescents early to prevent health related problems in adult life. FAU - Ferreira, Lisianny Camilla Cocri do Nascimento
Association between nontraditional risk factors and metabolic syndrome in indigenous Argentinean schoolchildren.$$$ BACKGROUND: Whether apolipoproteins (Apos) are better cardiovascular disease (CVD) markers than metabolic syndrome (MS) is widely debated. Measurement of Apo B is standardized, simple, and inexpensive and does not require fasting. The aim of this study was to compare the ability of nontraditional CVD markers such as Apo B, Apo B/Apo A, non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), vitamin D, and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) to identify children with MS. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: A cross-sectional study of 355 Argentinean Koya schoolchildren (166 boys) 9.6±2.3 years old was performed in November 2011. Anthropometric measures, blood pressure, Tanner stages, and serum levels of glucose, lipids, insulin, Apo A, Apo B, and vitamin D were measured. RESULTS: The prevalence of overweight/obesity was 10.7% (n=38), and that of underweight was 14.6% (n=52) using Centers for Disease Control and Prevention criteria. The prevalence of central obesity was 10.9% (38/355), high triglycerides was 11.1% (39/355), low HDL-C was 44.9% (158/355), hypertension was 12.8% (45/355), hyperglycemia was 0.3% (1/355), and MS was 4.2% (15/355). Several multiple logistic regression analyses showed that MS was significantly associated with HOMA-IR (odds ratio [OR], 3.6 [95% confidence interval (CI) 1.51-8.52]), non-HDL-C (OR, 1.03 [95% CI 1.007-1.049]), Apo B (OR, 1.06 [95% CI 1.03-1.09]), and Apo B/Apo A (OR, 78.3 [95% CI 3.67-1,674.4]) adjusted for age and gender. Furthermore, the areas under the receiver operator characteristic curves were as follows: Apo B, 0.77 (95% CI 0.63-0.90); Apo B/Apo A, 0.76 (95% CI 0.63-0.88); non-HDL-C, 0.72 (95% CI 0.57-0.85); and HOMA-IR, 0.69 (95% CI 0.49-0.90). These values indicate that these variables were acceptable predictors for MS. CONCLUSIONS: This is the first study of nontraditional markers in South American Indian children. MS was associated with multiple nontraditional markers of future CVD risk such as non-HDL-C, Apo B, and Apo B/Apo A. However, Apo B was the best predictor for MS, suggesting that it could be used as a risk marker of future CVD in this community. FAU - Hirschler, Valeria
Altered serum levels of insulin-like growth-factor binding proteins in breast cancer patients.$$$ BACKGROUND: Insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) has mitogenic properties for breast cancer cell lines and has been proposed to be an important factor in breast carcinogenesis. We hypothesized that differences in IGF-1 or its binding proteins might increase susceptibility to breast cancer. This case-control study was designed to investigate whether patients with breast cancer have altered levels of either IGF-1 or its intermediary modulatory proteins, the IGF binding proteins (BP). METHODS: Serum was collected from 90 patients (63 with breast cancer and 27 with benign breast disease) after an overnight fast and before surgery. IGF-1, BP1, and BP3 levels were determined by immunoradiometric assays. In a subset of 66 patients, Western ligand blots were also performed for a semiquantitative measurement of functioning BP levels. A forward stepwise logistic regression model to adjust for other confounding variables (age, menopausal status, parity, age at menarche, use of oral contraceptives, history of breast biopsy, family history of breast cancer, hormone replacement therapy, and body-mass index) was used in the multivariate analysis. RESULTS: Serum IGF-1 levels were similar in cases and controls. However, levels of BP3 (p < 0.001), BP4 (p < 0.01), and BP1 (p < 0.05) were significantly associated with risk of breast cancer. The level of BP3 was the most significant factor predictive of breast cancer. The odds ratio for breast cancer in women with BP3 levels >2066 ng/ml was 0.18 (95% CI, 0.05-0.55). Correspondingly, women with BP1 levels higher than 39 ng/ml had an odds ratio of 0.21 (95% CI, 0.07-0.68) for breast cancer. When considering only cancer patients (n = 63), decreasing levels of BP4 (p < 0.01) and increasing levels of BP1 (p < 0.02) were significantly associated with progesterone receptor positivity (PR+) in the tumor. The odds ratio of PR+ in patients with BP1 levels higher than 34 ng/ml was 7.49 (95% CI, 1.5-37.4). Better grade of tumor (well and moderately differentiated) was observed in patients with higher levels of BP3 (p < 0.03). CONCLUSIONS: Distinct differences in BP profiles exist among patients with breast cancer and also among those with high-grade, hormonal receptor-negative tumors. These findings suggest that the bioavailability of IGF-1 as mediated by its binding proteins may participate in both breast carcinogenesis and selection of more aggressive breast carcinomas. FAU - Ng, E H
Growth hormone and ghrelin responses to an oral glucose load in adolescent girls with anorexia nervosa and controls.$$$ Anorexia nervosa (AN) is associated with high levels of GH and low levels of IGF-I suggestive of a nutritionally acquired lack of GH action or GH resistance. The suppression of GH levels after administration of inhibitors of GH secretion such as oral glucose is the definitive test to distinguish normal from pathological states of GH excess, such as acromegaly. However, suppression of GH by glucose has not been well characterized in states of adaptive GH excess, such as AN, especially in a younger adolescent population with relatively higher GH levels, compared with adults. In this study, we investigated GH suppression after a 100-g oral glucose load over a 1-h period in 19 adolescent girls with AN and 20 healthy controls of similar chronologic and bone age. We also compared nocturnal GH secretion characteristics by deconvolutional analysis in both groups to determine differences in secretory patterns between adolescents whose GH values suppressed vs. those whose values did not after oral glucose. Fasting levels of ghrelin, a GH secretagogue, and suppression of ghrelin with oral glucose were also determined to assess whether GH suppression or nonsuppression could be related to ghrelin values at respective time points. At 0 min (0') of the oral glucose tolerance test, girls with AN had significantly lower levels of glucose (P = 0.009) and higher levels of GH (P = 0.04) than controls. Nadir GH values were higher in AN than in controls (2.0 +/- 1.8 vs. 0.5 +/- 0.5 ng/ml, P = 0.001). Only 31.6% of girls with AN suppressed their GH values to 1 ng/ml or less vs. 85.0% of healthy adolescents (P = 0.0005). All healthy controls had nadir postglucose GH values of 2 ng/ml or less. Nadir GH concentrations during the oral glucose tolerance test correlated directly with all measures of GH secretion [basal (r = 0.37, P = 0.02), pulsatile (r = 0.56, P = 0.0002), and total (r = 0.57, P = 0.0002)]. Adolescent girls who did not suppress their GH values to 1 ng/ml or less had significantly higher levels of ghrelin at 0', 30', and 60' (P = 0.02, 0.004, and 0.008), significantly higher GH at 0' (P = 0.001), and higher nocturnal basal (P = 0.002), pulsatile (P = 0.05), and total GH secretion (P = 0.03) than those who did suppress below this level. Ghrelin values were higher in AN than in controls at each time point (P = 0.02, 0.0002, and 0.01 at 0', 30', and 60') but did not predict GH values at these time points. Adolescent girls with AN fail to adequately suppress their GH values after a 100-g oral glucose load. This lack of suppression may be related to the higher GH secretion seen in adolescents with this disorder. In contrast, all healthy adolescents suppress their GH values to 2 ng/ml or less but not 1 ng/ml or less after a glucose load. Although ghrelin values are higher in AN than in controls, we could not demonstrate a relationship between ghrelin and GH values. The inability of healthy girls to uniformly suppress GH levels to 1 ng/ml or less, a normal level defined for adults, may be related to higher GH secretion in the pubertal years, compared with adult life. Further studies are needed to define GH suppression in an adolescent population. FAU - Misra, Madhusmita
Impact of parity on anthropometric measures of obesity controlling by multiple confounders: a cross-sectional study in Chilean women.$$$ AIM: To find out whether there is an association between parity and obesity, evaluated through body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) and waist-to-height ratio (WHtR) in Chilean women after controlling for sociodemographic characteristics, health risk and gynaeco-obstetric factors. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study, using baseline data of the San Francisco Project. SETTING: San Francisco de Mostazal, located in the central region of Chile, 6512 Chilean-Hispanic women (Spanish heritage with a variable indigenous component). METHODS: A weighted random sample of 508 women who had their first pregnancy inside the primary child-bearing ages. Data were collected between 1997 and 1999. Statistical associations between parity and different anthropometric measurements of adiposity in multiple linear (MLnR) and logistic regression models (MLtR) were evaluated. RESULTS: In MLnR a modest parity-related increment in BMI and practically null increment in WC, WHR and WHtR was observed. Covariates that showed a statistically significant association with anthropometric measures of adiposity were age, low education, marital status, employment, smoking, smoking cessation, hypertension, diabetes, dyslipidaemia, parent's obesity, menarche and fetal macrosomia. Crude odds ratio (OR) showed a strong association between parity and anthropometric markers of obesity. Nevertheless, after adjustments in MLtR models, the association remained only for BMI. All the measures of abdominal obesity related to parous women showed OR smaller than 1 (95% confidence intervals 0.57 to 0.96). CONCLUSIONS: Parity modestly influences BMI, but does not seem to be related to WC, WHR and WHtR after controlling by confounders. Parity can increase adiposity but not necessarily following an abdominal pattern. FAU - Koch, E
A conserved role for syndecan family members in the regulation of whole-body energy metabolism.$$$ Syndecans are a family of type-I transmembrane proteins that are involved in cell-matrix adhesion, migration, neuronal development, and inflammation. Previous quantitative genetic studies pinpointed Drosophila Syndecan (dSdc) as a positional candidate gene affecting variation in fat storage between two Drosophila melanogaster strains. Here, we first used quantitative complementation tests with dSdc mutants to confirm that natural variation in this gene affects variability in Drosophila fat storage. Next, we examined the effects of a viable dSdc mutant on Drosophila whole-body energy metabolism and associated traits. We observed that young flies homozygous for the dSdc mutation had reduced fat storage and slept longer than homozygous wild-type flies. They also displayed significantly reduced metabolic rate, lower expression of spargel (the Drosophila homologue of PGC-1), and reduced mitochondrial respiration. Compared to control flies, dSdc mutants had lower expression of brain insulin-like peptides, were less fecund, more sensitive to starvation, and had reduced life span. Finally, we tested for association between single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in the human SDC4 gene and variation in body composition, metabolism, glucose homeostasis, and sleep traits in a cohort of healthy early pubertal children. We found that SNP rs4599 was significantly associated with resting energy expenditure (P = 0.001 after Bonferroni correction) and nominally associated with fasting glucose levels (P = 0.01) and sleep duration (P = 0.044). On average, children homozygous for the minor allele had lower levels of glucose, higher resting energy expenditure, and slept shorter than children homozygous for the common allele. We also observed that SNP rs1981429 was nominally associated with lean tissue mass (P = 0.035) and intra-abdominal fat (P = 0.049), and SNP rs2267871 with insulin sensitivity (P = 0.037). Collectively, our results in Drosophila and humans argue that syndecan family members play a key role in the regulation of body metabolism. FAU - De Luca, Maria
Former small for gestational age (SGA) status is associated to changes of insulin resistance in obese children during weight loss.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Former small for gestational age (SGA) children are at risk of both obesity and insulin resistance. Longitudinal studies are required to assess a possible relationship between former SGA status and insulin resistance independent of weight status. We hypothesized that obese children with former appropriate for gestational age (AGA) status improve their insulin resistance during weight loss more effectively compared to obese children with former SGA status. METHODS: A 1-yr longitudinal follow-up study design was adopted in the primary care setting and 341 obese children [8% SGA, mean age 10.5 +/- 0.1 yr, body mass index (BMI) 27.7 +/- 0.2, BMI-standard deviation score (SDS) 2.47 +/- 0.02] were taken for the study. Outpatient 1-yr intervention was based on exercise, behavior and nutrition therapy. We measured insulin resistance index following the Homeostasis model assessment model (HOMA), blood pressure, lipids, glucose, and insulin in all children before and after the 1-yr intervention. RESULTS: In a multiple linear regression analysis adjusted for age, gender, and pubertal stage, changes of HOMA were significantly related to changes of BMI-SDS (-2.55 per loss of 1 BMI-SDS unit; p < 0.001) and SGA status (+2.05 for SGA children; p < 0.001). Changes of BMI-SDS together with gender and age explained 10% of the variance of changes of HOMA, while SGA status explained an additional 4%. After adjustment for age, sex, pubertal stage, and BMI-SDS, former SGA status was not significantly related to any other considered cardiovascular risk factor. CONCLUSIONS: Change of weight status predicted change of HOMA in obese children participating in a lifestyle intervention. Changes of HOMA were also predicted by former SGA status supporting that former SGA status influences insulin resistance. FAU - Reinehr, Thomas
Association between plasma leptin and blood pressure in two population-based samples of children and adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVES: In this study we examined the association between leptin and blood pressure in a population-based study of Danish and Norwegian children and adolescents. Because of the putative bidirectional relationship between leptin and adiposity we formally tested (i) the mediating effect of body mass index in the association between leptin and blood pressure, and (ii) the mediating effect of leptin in the association between body mass index and blood pressure. METHODS: To examine these aims we used a cross-sectional random sample of children and adolescents from Denmark and Norway (n = 1993) who had measures of leptin, anthropometry, blood pressure and other personal and biological risk factors for raised blood pressure available. RESULTS: Both body mass index and leptin were positively associated with blood pressure (P < 0.001). The association with leptin was stronger in pre- and early-pubertal children compared to late- and post-pubertal adolescents (P < 0.01 for interaction). The association between leptin and blood pressure was almost completely mediated by body mass index, whereas the association between body mass index and blood pressure was modestly mediated by leptin. CONCLUSION: Leptin was strongly associated with blood pressure, a relationship that to a large extent was mediated by body mass index. Conversely, the association between body mass index and blood pressure was only modestly mediated by leptin. This indicates that the influence of adiposity on blood pressure is also driven by other biological risk factors beyond leptin. Such factors could include insulin, glucose, and triglycerides although residual confounding also could account for the observed relationships. FAU - Grøntved, Anders
Vitamin D status and parathyroid hormone in obese children before and after weight loss.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The roles of vitamin D and parathyroid hormone (PTH) are discussed controversially in obesity, and studies of these hormones in obese children are limited. Therefore, we studied the relationships between PTH, 1,25-dihydroxy-vitamin D (1,25-OH Vit D), 25-hydroxy-vitamin D (25-OH Vit D), weight status, and insulin sensitivity before and after weight loss in obese children. METHODS: Fasting serum PTH, 1,25-OH Vit D, 25-OH Vit D, inorganic phosphate, calcium, alkaline phosphatase (AP), insulin, glucose, and weight status (SDS-BMI and percentage body fat) were determined in 133 obese children (median age 12.1 years) and compared with 23 non-obese children. Furthermore, these parameters were analyzed in 67 obese children before and after participating in a 1-year obesity intervention program. RESULTS: Obese children had significantly (P < 0.001) higher PTH and lower 25-OH Vit D concentrations compared with non-obese children, while calcium, phosphate, AP, and 1,25-OH Vit D did not differ significantly. Changes of PTH (r = 0.23, P = 0.031) and 25-OH Vit D (r = -0.27, P = 0.013) correlated significantly with changes of SDS-BMI, but not with changes of insulin sensitivity (homeostasis model assessment; HOMA-B%). Reduction of overweight in 35 children led to a significant (P < 0.01) decrease of PTH concentrations and an increase in 25-OH Vit D levels. CONCLUSIONS: PTH levels were positively and 25-OH Vit D concentrations were negatively related to weight status. Since these alterations normalized after weight loss, these changes are consequences rather than causes of overweight. A relationship between PTH, vitamin D, and insulin sensitivity based on the HOMA index was not found in obese children. Further longitudinal clamp studies are necessary to study the relationship between vitamin D and insulin sensitivity. FAU - Reinehr, Thomas
Growth hormone secretion in HIV-positive versus HIV-negative hemophilic males with abnormal growth and pubertal development. The Hemophilia Growth and Development Study.$$$ Growth and pubertal development in hemophilic males, age 6-19 years at baseline, were evaluated over a 3.5-year period in 207 HIV-positive and 126 HIV-negative subjects as part of the Hemophilia Growth and Development Study. METHODS: Thyroid function, insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-1) levels, bone age, cranial magnetic resonance image normality, CD4+ counts, and serum testosterone levels of study participants were measured at baseline. An extensive endocrine evaluation was performed in subjects who demonstrated declines in height for age (measurement <5th percentile with two pervious heights >10th percentile), who had not achieved Tanner stage 4 level of pubertal development by age 15 years or who had abnormal growth velocity, which included assessment of peak stimulated growth hormone response after clonidine stimulation, 12-hour growth hormone profiles, and serum beta carotene levels (triggered protocol). RESULTS: For almost the entire group (-99%), thyroid function tests were normal for age. IGF-1 levels were normal for 93% of the cohort. A total of 120 subjects, 89 HIV-positive and 31 HIV-negative, had an abnormality of growth, pubertal development, or both; 34 (11.1%) HIV-positive and 4 (3.6%) HIV-negative subjects had declines in height (p = .001), 20 (23.3%) HIV-positive and 5 (15.8%) HIV-negative subjects had not achieved Tanner stage 4 by 15 years of age (p = .372) and 59 (43.4%) HIV-positive and 23 (25.6) HIV-negative subjects had abnormal growth velocity (p < 0.001). Among subjects with abnormal height or growth velocity, the HIV-positive group had significantly lower mean age-adjusted testosterone levels than did the HIV-negative group (p = .030). Within the HIV-positive group, older subjects with abnormal height or growth velocity had significantly lower mean bone age than subjects of similar age without growth abnormalities (p = .0092). Extensive testing was done in 39 patients (32 HIV-positive, 7 HIV-negative). Half of the HIV-positive subjects had mean 12-hour growth hormone levels <3 ng/ml, 47% had peak stimulated levels <10 ng/ml, 28% had peak spontaneous values <10 ng/ml, and 38% had low levels of IGF-1. In the HIV-positive cohort, there was no difference in the rate of abnormalities of growth hormone secretion between those with CD4+ counts > or = or <200 cells/mm3 and between those subjects that met the 1987 Centers for Disease Control (CDC) surveillance definition of AIDS. In the subset of HIV-positive patients with abnormal peak growth hormone levels after clonidine stimulation, growth hormone response correlated positively with CD4+ count (r = .657, p = .0056) and beta carotene concentration (R = .596, p = .0192). CONCLUSIONS: The results of this longitudinal study suggest that abnormalities of growth and pubertal development, particularly an abnormal growth velocity, are common in HIV-infected hemophilic boys and adolescents. These abnormalities might serve as indicators of the presence of HIV infection in this at-risk population. Since thyroid function tests and IGF-1 levels were normal, the etiology of growth impairment in HIV infection does not appear to be secondary to inadequate caloric intake or acquisition, or severe illness such as that caused by recurrent or persistent infection. Rather, HIV infection appears to lead to diminished growth hormone production or release and decreased androgen secretion, even before the development of AIDS and immunocompromise. These results provide a rationale for trials of treatment with growth hormone or androgens in patients with abnormalities of endocrine function. FAU - Ratner Kaufman, F
Bone turnover markers during pubertal development: relationships with growth factors and adipocytokines.$$$ The rapid increase in skeletal mass that occurs during puberty is caused by increases in longitudinal growth as well as cortical thickness. The measurement of growth changes during puberty using two-dimensional (dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry) and/or three-dimensional (computed tomography, magnetic resonance imaging) measurement devices provides only a static representation of bone tissue parameters. The measurement of bone turnover markers provides a more dynamic picture of the nature of bone tissue that can be repeated at much shorter intervals during puberty. The bone turnover markers are products of osteoblasts and osteoclasts which can be measured in urine or blood. The increase in different markers of bone turnover coincides with the pubertal growth spurt and thereafter markers decline until they converge into adult values. The initiation of puberty is accompanied by increases in androgens and estrogens. The effects of sex hormones on bone mineral accrual are mediated mainly by growth hormone and insulin-like growth factor-1, but they also exert a direct effect on bone metabolism. Important determinants of bone mineral accrual during puberty include optimal nutritional status, body composition parameters and physical activity pattern. All of these determinants are related to the state of energy balance, while peripheral indicators of energy balance, such as different growth factors and adipocytokines, may also have a positive influence of the growing skeleton. Taken together, bone mineral accrual during puberty is a complex interaction between physical activity pattern, various body composition parameters, specific growth factors and adipocytokines, and also sex hormones.
Factors associated with hepatic steatosis in obese children and adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Obesity is associated with high prevalence of hepatic steatosis. We speculate that determinant factors of susceptibility to hepatic steatosis in obesity could differ between children and adolescents. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Blood biochemical parameters, systemic oxidative stress markers, proinflammatory cytokines, and adipokine levels were determined in 157 obese children and adolescents. The subjects were divided into 2 groups: children and adolescents, identified as such in accordance with Tanner stage and the measured level of dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate. Steatosis was evaluated by ultrasonography in 127 subjects. RESULTS: Steatosis prevalence was 44.8%. In the "children" group, those with hepatic steatosis presented higher levels of erythrocyte oxidised glutathione (GSSG) and resistin, lower levels of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, and lower enzymatic activities of erythrocyte glutathione reductase (GRd) and glutathione oxidase (GPx). In the "adolescents" group, those with hepatic steatosis presented higher values for body mass index z score (BMIz), insulin, peptide C, homeostatic model assessment index (HOMA-IR), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), triglycerides, GSSG, and leptin. These subjects also presented lower values for soluble leptin receptor, GRd, and GPx. In the "children" group, the only independent factor of steatosis was a decrease in GRd activity (odds ratio [OR] 0.165, 95% CI 0.03-0.84, P = 0.030). Moreover, in the "adolescent" group, the independent factors were higher for GSSG (OR 6.8, 95% CI 1.6-28.7, P = 0.010) and HOMA-IR (OR 1.9, 95% CI 1.17-3.1, P = 0.009). CONCLUSIONS: Factors associated with hepatic steatosis differ between obese children and adolescents. Oxidative stress is seen to be the main process in children, whereas in adolescents oxidative stress and insulin resistance are significant factors for steatosis. FAU - Ruiz-Extremera, Ángeles
Cardio-metabolic risk factors in Argentine children. A comparative study.$$$ Obesity and its complications are emerging in an epidemic manner in Latin American countries. AIMS: To estimate the prevalence of Cardio-Metabolic Risk Factors (CMRFs) and Metabolic Syndrome (MS) in overweight/obese (OW/OB) and normal weight (NW) adolescents and to examine the associated variables. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A cross-sectional comparative study was conducted in two groups of children, between 10 and 19 years of age, in seven Argentine provinces. A survey on dietary habits, physical activity, anthropometric and biochemical data was collected to identify CMRF and MS. The WHO definition adapted to children was used. RESULTS: 1009 children were assessed; 398 were male (39.4%), 601 (59.6%) were NW and 408 (40.4%) were OW/OB. The OW/OB had a significantly higher proportion of values defined as CMRF: 3.7% impaired fasting glucose >110mg/dl; 27.9% insulin >15 or 20μU/l as they were pubertal/prepubertal; 53.2% Homeostatic Model Assessment (HOMA)>2.5; 45.6% High Density Lipoprotein (HDL)<40mg/dl; 37.7% TG>110mg/dl and 13.5% hypertension (SBP and/or diastolic Blood Pressure percentile >90). Prevalence of the MS in OW/OB patients was 40.3%. The MS was not observed in NW children. Significant differences were found for: family history of OW/OB, birth weight (BW), age at menarche, presence of acanthosis nigricans, waist circumference (WC) >90th percentile. The WC was positively correlated with BP, TG, insulin, HOMA and Body mass index Z score and negatively with HDL in the study population. CONCLUSIONS: We confirm obesity as a major determinant of CMRF and MS (40%), especially fat centralization. We stress the need to address obesity prevention plans in children and adolescents.
Isolation rearing impaired sensorimotor gating but increased pro-inflammatory cytokines and disrupted metabolic parameters in both sexes of rats.$$$ Social isolation rearing (SIR) is an early stress paradigm of deprivation of the social contact since weaning. SIR has been used to investigate the mechanisms behind certain mental illnesses with neurodevelopmental origins, including schizophrenia. In schizophrenia, metabolic dysfunction has become a critical issue with increasing evidence for a possible connection between metabolism and immune systems in which metabolic changes are associated with pro-inflammatory cytokine (pro-CK) levels. The present study employed a rat model of SIR with both sexes to examine behaviors [locomotor activity and prepulse inhibition (PPI)], inflammatory markers [C-reactive protein, interleukin (IL)-1 beta, IL-6, IL-10, tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha and interferon-gamma], and metabolism-related variables (body weight, blood pressure, and the profiles of glycemia and lipid). Our results revealed that around puberty, SIR rats of both sexes exhibited behaviorally a higher locomotor activity and a lower PPI performance. Biochemically, SIR rats had an elevated level of pro-CKs (IL-1 beta, IL-6, TNF-alpha, and interferon-gamma), and metabolic abnormalities (increased insulin resistance, decreased insulin sensitivity, and high blood pressure) in a time-dependent manner. The relationships between pro-CKs and metabolism were sex specific as IL-1 beta and interferon-gamma were correlated to glycemia metabolic indexes in males. The present study demonstrated SIR-induced longitudinal concomitant changes of pro-CKs and metabolic abnormalities, implying a more direct role of these two things in mental dysfunctions with a developmental origin.
Gestational diabetes exposure and adiposity outcomes in childhood and adolescence: An analysis of effect modification by breastfeeding, diet quality, and physical activity in the EPOCH study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Intrauterine exposure to gestational diabetes (GDM) is associated with increased adiposity; however, not all offspring exposed to GDM exhibit excess adiposity. OBJECTIVES: Examine whether optimal diet and activity behaviours in infancy, childhood, and adolescence modify the association between GDM exposure and adiposity. METHODS: In 564 offspring (84 exposed to GDM), we assessed breastfeeding (maternal recall), dietary intake (food frequency questionnaire), physical activity (3-day recall), and adiposity (BMI, waist-to-height ratio, visceral and subcutaneous adipose tissue, and subscapular-to-triceps skinfold ratio) at 10.4 (SD, 1.5) and 16.7 (SD, 1.2) years. Optimal behaviours were defined as >6 breastmilk months, Healthy Eating Index score >60, and daily vigorous activity >1 hour. Linear mixed models assessed the association between GDM exposure and adiposity among those with optimal versus suboptimal health behaviours, adjusting for sex, race/ethnicity, age, and pubertal status. RESULTS: GDM exposure was associated with increased skinfold ratio, visceral and subcutaneous adipose tissue among those with <6 breastmilk months (all Ps < .05), but only associated with increased skinfold ratio among those with >6 breastmilk months (P = .01). GDM exposure was associated with increases in all adiposity measures among those with Healthy Eating Index scores <60 (P < .01), but not those with scores >60 (P > .10). GDM exposure was associated with increased BMI and subcutaneous adipose tissue among those with >1 hour of vigorous activity (P < .05) but not among those with <1 hour of vigorous activity (P > .30). CONCLUSIONS: The association of GDM exposure with excess adiposity is attenuated in offspring with more optimal diet and activity behaviours in infancy, childhood, and adolescence.
Morphometric and biochemical characteristics of ventricular hypertrophy in male rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss).$$$ We examined the morphometric and biochemical effects of ventricular hypertrophy in male rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) during sexual maturation. Our investigation focused on characterizing the growth of ventricular layers, on cardiomyocyte dimensions (length, cross-sectional area and cell volume) and on the activities of enzymes involved in intermediary metabolism. Relative ventricle mass (100 x ventricle mass/body mass) increased by as much as 2.4-fold during sexual maturation [as defined by an increasing gonadosomatic index (100 x gonad mass/body mass)], and this resulted in an increased proportion of epicardium relative to endocardium. Ventricular enlargement was associated with increased length (+31 %) and transverse cross-sectional area (+83 %) of cardiomyocytes, which resulted in an expansion of up to 2.2-fold in mean myocyte volume (from 1233 to 2751 micron3). These results indicate that sexual maturation induces ventricular enlargement through myocyte hypertrophy. Cell length and cross-sectional area were similar in both myocardial layers, and myocytes were elliptical rather than circular in transverse cross section. Ventricular hypertrophy did not alter transverse cell shape, perhaps reflecting the maintenance of short diffusion distances for small molecules as cells hypertrophy. Myocyte hypertrophy could not account entirely for the sevenfold range of ventricle masses from different-sized fish, indicating that myocyte hyperplasia contributes substantially to ventricular growth as trout grow. Measurements of the maximal activities of metabolic enzymes demonstrated that ventricular hypertrophy was associated with (1) higher epicardial but not endocardial activities of citrate synthase (by 23 %) and beta-hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydrogenase (by 20 %); (2) lower activities of hexokinase (by 50 %) in both layers, and (3) no change in lactate dehydrogenase or pyruvate kinase activities, which were also similar between layers. These results suggest that the energetic needs of the hypertrophied trout ventricle may be met through increased reliance on fatty acid oxidation, particularly by the endocardium, but decreased reliance on glucose as a metabolic fuel in both layers. FAU - Clark, R J
Instability in the diagnosis of metabolic syndrome in adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: Factor analyses suggest that the structure underlying metabolic syndrome is similar in adolescents and adults. However, adolescence is a period of intense physiological change, and therefore stability of the underlying metabolic structure and clinical categorization based on metabolic risk is uncertain. METHODS AND RESULTS: We analyzed data from 1098 participants in the Princeton School District Study, a school-based study begun in 2001-2002, who were followed up for 3 years. We performed factor analyses of 8 metabolic risks at baseline and follow-up to assess stability of factor patterns and clinical categorization of metabolic syndrome. Metabolic syndrome was defined using the current American Heart Association/National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute definition for adults (AHA), a modified AHA definition used in prior pediatric metabolic syndrome studies (pediatric AHA), and the International Diabetes Federation (IDF) guidelines. We found that factor structures were essentially identical at both time points. However, clinical categorization was not stable. Approximately half of adolescents with baseline metabolic syndrome lost the diagnosis at follow-up regardless of the definitions used: pediatric AHA=56% (95% confidence interval [CI], 42% to 69%), AHA=49% (95% CI, 32% to 66%), IDF=53% (95% CI, 38% to 68%). In addition to loss of the diagnosis, new cases were identified. Cumulative incidence rates were as follows: pediatric AHA=3.8% (95% CI, 2.8% to 5.2%); AHA=4.4% (95% CI, 3.3% to 5.9%); IDF=5.2% (95% CI, 4.0% to 6.8%). CONCLUSIONS: During adolescence, metabolic risk factor clustering is consistent. However, marked instability exists in the categorical diagnosis of metabolic syndrome. This instability, which includes both gain and loss of the diagnosis, suggests that the syndrome has reduced clinical utility in adolescence and that metabolic syndrome-specific pharmacotherapy for youth may be premature. FAU - Goodman, Elizabeth
Amino-terminal propeptide of C-type natriuretic peptide and linear growth in children: effects of puberty, testosterone, and growth hormone.$$$ CONTEXT: C-type natriuretic peptide (CNP), a paracrine factor of the growth plate, plays a key role in stimulating bone growth. The amino-terminal propeptide of CNP (NTproCNP) is produced in equimolar amounts with CNP and is measurable in plasma, providing a potential biomarker for growth plate activity and, hence, linear growth. OBJECTIVE: We explored the effects of puberty, testosterone, and GH treatment on NTproCNP levels in normal and short-statured children. DESIGN: This was a retrospective analysis of samples obtained during previous studies. SETTING: The study was conducted at a pediatric clinical research center. SUBJECTS: Children with short stature due to GH deficiency, idiopathic short stature (ISS), or constitutional delay of growth and maturation (CDGM) were studied (n = 37). A cohort of normal-statured adolescent boys was also studied (n = 23). INTERVENTIONS: Children with GH deficiency and ISS were studied before and during testosterone and/or GH treatment. Boys with CDGM and healthy controls were studied once. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The main outcomes were NTproCNP levels before and during growth-promoting therapy and during pubertal growth. RESULTS: Children with short stature due to GH deficiency, ISS, or CDGM had comparable baseline levels of NTproCNP, and levels increased markedly in response to GH or testosterone treatment. In boys with CDGM, levels were comparable with height-matched controls but were less than those from age-matched controls. In healthy boys, NTproCNP appears to peak with the pubertal growth spurt. CONCLUSIONS: NTproCNP levels increase during growth-promoting therapy and are increased during puberty in boys. This novel biomarker of growth may have clinical utility in the evaluation of children with short stature and for monitoring growth-promoting therapy. FAU - Olney, Robert C
The difference in serum alkaline phosphatase levels between girls with precocious puberty and those with normal puberty.$$$ PURPOSE: Serum alkaline phosphatase (ALP) level is the most valid marker of bone formation. Precocious puberty (PP) in girls is characterized by early growth acceleration. The aim of this study was to determine whether serum ALP levels differ between girls with PP and those with normal puberty, and whether ALP level varies with age or Tanner stage. METHODS: This retrospective study included girls with PP (n=61) and normal puberty (n=71) who visited the outpatient clinic at Department of Pediatrics, Chungnam National University Hospital from March 2010 to August 2011. We obtained age, height, parental height, weight, bone age, Tanner stage, and concentrations of luteinizing hormone, follicular-stimulating hormone, estradiol, ALP, and insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) from the participants' medical records. RESULTS: Age and predicted adult height were significantly lower in girls with PP than in those with normal puberty. The height standard deviation score (SDS), weight SDS, body mass index, midparental height, bone age, and IGF-1 level were higher in girls with PP than in those with normal puberty. ALP level was significantly higher in 5- to 8-year-old girls with PP than in age-matched girls with normal puberty. The mean ALP levels were higher in girls with PP than bone age-matched girls with normal puberty (P=0.0003). CONCLUSION: Serum ALP level showed the significance differences between girls with PP and those with normal puberty. The reasons for and the mechanisms underlying this elevation in serum ALP level in girls with PP should be investigated further. FAU - Jwa, Hye Jeong
Why Do Normal Children Have Acromegalic Levels of IGF-I During Puberty?$$$ CONTEXT: The rapid pubertal height growth is unique to humans, but why do we have it? Although the spurt contributes 13% to 15% to the final adult height, we hypothesized that the biological significance of the high acromegalic levels of GH and IGF-I, which are behind the pubertal growth spurt, might primarily occur to stimulate the reproductive organs. EVIDENCE SYNTHESIS: Animal data have demonstrated that adult Igf1 and Igf2 gene knockout mice that survive show a dramatic reduction in the size of the reproductive organs and are infertile. In humans, case reports of mutations in the genes affecting the GH-IGF axis and growth (GH, GHRH, GH-R, STAT5b, IGF-I, IGF-II, IGF-1R, PAPPA2) are also characterized by delayed pubertal onset and micropenis. Furthermore, GH treatment will tend to normalize the penile size in patients with GH deficiency. Thus, the endocrine effects of high IGF-I levels might be needed for the transition of the sexual organs, including the secondary sex characteristics, from the "dormant" stages of childhood into fully functioning reproductive systems. The peak IGF-I levels, on average, occur 2 years after the peak height growth velocity, suggesting reasons other than longitudinal growth for the high IGF-I levels, and remain high in the years after the height spurt, when the reproductive systems become fully functional. CONCLUSION: We suggest that the serum levels of IGF-I should be monitored in children with poor development of sexual organs, although it remains to be investigated whether GH should be added to sex steroids in the management of hypogonadism for some pubertal children (e.g., boys with micropenis).
Vitamin D affects insulin sensitivity and β-cell function in obese non-diabetic youths.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Vitamin D may potentially play a central role in glucose homeostasis and β-cell function (BCF), although studies are not consistent. Aim of our study was to test the hypotheses of a direct relationship between vitamin D, insulin sensitivity (IS) and BCF in overweight and obese non-diabetic children. DESIGN AND METHODS: Cross-sectional study carried out at the Childhood Obesity Outpatient Clinic, University Hospital of Verona. One hundred twenty-two Caucasian overweight and obese children (age: 12.8 ± 0.2 years) were enrolled. Exclusion criteria: genetic or endocrine causes of obesity, chronic diseases or therapies. Patients underwent oral glucose tolerance test. HOMA-IR, Matsuda index and insulinogenic index were calculated. BCF was reconstructed by mathematical modeling and described by Derivative and Proportional Control. Total 25-hydroxyvitamin D and vitamin D-binding protein (VDBP) were measured. Two SNPs (rs4588 and rs7041) in the VDBP gene were studied, and bioavailable vitamin D (BVD) was calculated. RESULTS: Hypovitaminosis D was documented in 90% of patients. Forty-seven subjects were homozygous for both SNPs. Total vitamin D was positively correlated with Matsuda index (P = 0.002), VDBP (P = 0.045), and negatively with BMI SDS (P = 0.043), HOMA-IR (P = 0.008), HOMA-B (P = 0.001), IGI (P = 0.007), derivative control (P = 0.036) and proportional control (P = 0.018). Total vitamin D, adjusted for age, gender, BMI SDS, puberty and seasonality of vitamin D measurement, was a predictor of Matsuda index, HOMA-IR, HOMA-B, IGI, proportional control (all P < 0.05). BVD was positively correlated with total vitamin D (P < 0.001) and negatively with BMI SDS (P = 0.041). CONCLUSIONS: Hypovitaminosis D negatively influences BCF and IS, suggesting that vitamin D levels might be implicated in glucose metabolism impairment in overweight and obese individuals. FAU - Corica, Domenico
Hyperinsulinaemia and increased risk of breast cancer: findings from the British Women's Heart and Health Study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the association between fasting insulin levels and breast cancer. DESIGN: Cross sectional study. PARTICIPANTS: 3868 women aged 60-79 years. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Prevalent breast cancer (151 cases). RESULTS: Insulin levels were positively associated with breast cancer. The age adjusted odds ratio (95% confidence interval) for a one unit increase in log(e) insulin levels among women without diabetes was 1.34 (1.02, 1.77). This association was not substantively altered by adjustment for potential confounding factors (age of menopause, hysterectomy/oophorectomy, hormone replacement use, oral contraceptive use, parity, adult social class and smoking) or potential mediating factors (body mass index, waist to hip ratio, leg length, age at menarche and childhood social class). Women with both long legs and higher insulin levels were at particularly increased risk, with breast cancer prevalence being 5.7% among women in the highest thirds of both insulin levels and leg-length compared to 1.8% among those in the lowest thirds of both. Positive associations between insulin levels and breast cancer were found for both pre- and post-menopausal breast cancers. Fasting glucose levels, HOMA score, diabetes and a history of gestational glycosuria or diabetes were also positively associated with breast cancer CONCLUSIONS: Hyperinsulinaemia is positively associated with breast cancer in this cohort of older women. This effect may be mediated via a number of hormonal pathways acting at different stages of the life course.
Blood erythrocyte and hemoglobin concentrations in premature adrenarche.$$$ CONTEXT: Premature adrenarche (PA) is characterized by an earlier than normal increase in adrenocortical androgen production, and it is associated with increased serum IGF-I concentrations. Both the GH-IGF system and androgens, particularly testosterone, are known to enhance erythropoiesis. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to test the hypothesis that blood erythrocyte count and blood hemoglobin (B-Hb) concentration are increased in PA. DESIGN, PARTICIPANTS, AND SETTING: Sixty-four prepubertal children (10 boys) with clinically and biochemically defined PA and 62 healthy prepubertal controls (10 boys) participating in our Premature Adrenarche study were examined, and a fasting blood sample was drawn at a university hospital. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: We evaluated B-Hb and erythrocyte, thrombocyte, and leukocyte counts and their association with serum dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS), testosterone and IGF-I concentrations. RESULTS: Children with PA had higher mean blood erythrocyte count (4.74 vs. 4.64 × 10(12)/liter, P = 0.04; significant difference in girls but not in boys) and a tendency toward higher B-Hb (130 vs. 128 g/liter, P = 0.06) than their controls. No difference was observed in leukocyte or thrombocyte counts between the study groups. In linear regression models including age, sex, body mass index SD score, IGF-I, and DHEAS or testosterone, B-Hb was associated with serum DHEAS (P = 0.04), testosterone (P = 0.01), and IGF-I (P ≤ 0.003) concentrations in the entire study cohort and with IGF-I separately in girls (P ≤ 0.02). Similar models showed a significant association of blood erythrocyte count with serum IGF-I concentration (P = 0.003-0.049) but not with DHEAS or testosterone. CONCLUSIONS: Increased erythrocyte count in PA girls suggests that relatively small increases in serum androgen or IGF-I concentrations during adrenarche may associate with enhanced erythropoiesis. FAU - Utriainen, Pauliina
Associations Between Serum Uric Acid Concentrations and Cardiometabolic Risk and Renal Injury in Obese and Overweight Children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to assess the association between serum uric acid concentration (SUAC) and the parameters of the metabolic syndrome (MetS) and insulin resistance (IR). The secondary aim was to evaluate whether hyperuricemia is associated with renal injury and cardiovascular risk in obese (OB) and overweight (OW) children. METHODS: The subjects of this study consisted of OB/OW children and adolescents (ages: 8-18 years). Sex and age specific serum uric acid (SUA) olarak değiştirilecek percentiles were used and a SUA >75(th) percentile was accepted as hyperuricemia. Anthropometric data, blood pressure (BP) measurements and biochemical parameters, including fasting blood glucose, insulin, total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides (TG), aspartate aminotransferase, alanine aminotransferase, homeostatic model assessments of IR (HOMA-IR) and SUAC were recorded. Oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT) were performed in all patients. MetS was defined according to the International Diabetes Federation criteria. Total cholesterol/HDL-c ratio >4 and TG/HDL-c ratio >2.2 were used as the atherogenic index (AI) indicating cardiovascular risk. Urinary albumin excretion in a 24-hour and also in a first-morning urine sample were measured. Renal injury was assessed by microalbuminuria according to the National Kidney Foundation criteria. RESULTS: There were 128 participants; 52 (40%) had elevated (SUA >75(th) percentile) and 76 had (60%) normal SUAC. The mean±SD age was 13.1±2.6 years and 87 (67.4%) were female. The mean±SD weight was 73±18.97 kg and mean±SD height was 155.4±12.11 cm. There was no statistical difference between the groups with and without hyperuricemia in terms of age, sex, puberty stage and degree of obesity. Increased SUAC were significantly associated with higher waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), fasting insulin levels and insulin at 30 and 60 minutes during OGTT, HOMA-IR, lower HDL-c and presence of hypertriglyceridemia as well as with decreased HDL-c, increased AI, presence of IR and MetS. BP and microalbuminuria were not associated with SUAC. SUAC showed significant positive correlations with waist circumference, WHR, post-challenge glucose level at 60 minutes, with fasting insulin, post-challenge insulin levels at 30, 60, 90 and 120 minutes and also with HOMA-IR, total cholesterol/HDL-c ratio, TG/HDL-c ratio and a number of other criteria related to MetS. Also, an inverse correlation with HDL-c was noted. CONCLUSION: In OB/OW children frequency of MetS, IR and dislipidemia increases with increased SUAC, a finding independent of age, puberty, gender and body mass index. Patients meeting all of the MetS criteria had the highest SUAC. These results demonstrate that the association between UA and metabolic and cardiovascular risk factors can be detected early in childhood. Thus, we recommend monitoring SUAC in OB children and we believe that prevention of SUAC elevation in early life has a potential protective effect on metabolic impairment and subsequent comorbidities. FAU - Özalp Kızılay, Deniz
Overweight and lifestyle behaviors of low socioeconomic elementary school children in Buenos Aires.$$$ BACKGROUND: There is growing interest in understanding the role that lifestyle behaviors play in relation to children's weight status. The objective of the study was to determine the association between children s BMI and dietary practices and maternal BMI. METHODS: 330 students (168M) aged 8.9 + 2 y from 4 suburban Buenos Aires elementary schools, and their mothers aged 36.2 + 7 y were examined between April and September 2007. Mothers were asked about their children s lifestyle. Data included parental education levels socioeconomic status, mothers and children s BMI, and Tanner stage. RESULTS: All families were in the low socio-economic class. 79% of parents had an elementary education or less. 61 (18.5%) of children were obese (OB) (BMI>95%ile per CDC norms), and 53 (16.1%) overweight (OW) (BMI>85<95%ile). 103 (31.2%) of mothers were OB (BMI>30 kg/m2), and 102 (30.9%) OW (BMI>25<30). 63% the children were pre-pubertal. 40% had a TV set in their bedroom. 13% of the children skipped breakfast and only 38% watched TV <or=2 hours daily, as recommended. Multiple logistic regression analysis showed a positive association between children s OW/OB and drinking sweetened beverages (OR = 1.24; 95% CI, 1.02-1.52), TV viewing (OR = 1.30; 95% CI,1.05-1.62), and maternal BMI (OR: 1.07; 95% CI,1.02-1.12), and a negative association with eating breakfast (OR = 0.43; 95% CI, 0.19-0.97) adjusted for fruit and vegetables consumption, milk consumption, maternal educational level and socioeconomic class. CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that TV viewing, drinking sweet beverages, skipping breakfast, and maternal BMI are important predictive variables for childhood OW/OB. FAU - Hirschler, Valeria
Anti-müllerian hormone is not associated with cardiometabolic risk factors in adolescent females.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Epidemiological evidence for associations of Anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH) with cardiometabolic risk factors is lacking. Existing evidence comes from small studies in select adult populations, and findings are conflicting. We aimed to assess whether AMH is associated with cardiometabolic risk factors in a general population of adolescent females. METHODS: AMH, fasting insulin, glucose, HDLc, LDLc, triglycerides and C-reactive protein (CRP) were measured at a mean age 15.5 years in 1,308 female participants in the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children (ALSPAC). Multivariable linear regression was used to examine associations of AMH with these cardiometabolic outcomes. RESULTS: AMH values ranged from 0.16-35.84 ng/ml and median AMH was 3.57 ng/ml (IQR: 2.41, 5.49). For females classified as post-pubertal (n = 848) at the time of assessment median (IQR) AMH was 3.81 ng/ml (2.55, 5.82) compared with 3.25 ng/ml (2.23, 5.05) in those classed as early pubertal (n = 460, P≤0.001). After adjusting for birth weight, gestational age, pubertal stage, age, ethnicity, socioeconomic position, adiposity and use of hormonal contraceptives, there were no associations with any of the cardiometabolic outcomes. For example fasting insulin changed by 0% per doubling of AMH (95%CI: -3%,+2%) p  = 0.70, with identical results if HOMA-IR was used. Results were similar after additional adjustment for smoking, physical activity and age at menarche, after exclusion of 3% of females with the highest AMH values, after excluding those that had not started menarche and after excluding those using hormonal contraceptives. CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that in healthy adolescent females, AMH is not associated with cardiometabolic risk factors. FAU - Anderson, Emma L
Relationship between serum and urinary insulin-like growth factor-I through childhood and adolescence: their use in the assessment of disordered growth.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Serum insulin-like growth factor-I (sIGF-I) measurement as an index of growth hormone status has become a common test in the investigation of disordered growth. IGF-I may also be measured in the urine. The aims of this study were to investigate the correlation between serum and urinary IGF-I in normal children and compare their use in the evaluation of growth disorders. DESIGN: Normal ranges for serum and urinary IGF-I were devised from a cross-sectional study of normal schoolchildren. These were then used to assess the sensitivity and specificity of serum and urinary IGF-I in the diagnosis of childhood GH deficiency. PATIENTS: A cohort of 333 (M = 156, F = 177) healthy schoolchildren aged 5-19 years were recruited and data previously collected from 22 growth hormone deficient (GHD) and 47 short normal (SN) children were compared with those of the normal children. MEASUREMENTS: Height, weight and pubertal status were assessed in all children. Serum IGF-I (sIGF-I) (n = 305) and total amount of urinary IGF-I excreted overnight (TuIGF-I) (n = 205) were measured by RIA using excess IGF-II to block the interference of IGFBPs. RESULTS: Serum IGF-I was loge transformed and overall levels (geometric mean +/- 1 tolerance factor) were higher in females than males (F: 569 (329, 985) micrograms/l; M: 398 (227, 696) micrograms/l). LogeIGF-I correlated with age (F: r = +0.76, P < 0.001, M: r = +0.71, P < 0.001) and was significantly affected by both sex and Tanner stage of puberty (TS) (both P < 0.001). The distribution of TuIGF-I was normalized by performing a square root transformation (square root of TuIGF-I). square root of TuIGF-I was correlated with age (F: r = +0.36, P < 0.001; M: r = +0.5, P < 0.001) and was significantly affected by TS (P < 0.001). In both sexes there was a highly significant correlation between logeIGF-I and square root of TuIGF-I (F: r = +0.39, P < 0.001; M: r = +0.41, P < 0.001). Using the third centile of our normal ranges as a cut off to identify GHD, sIGF-I had a sensitivity of 82% and specificity of 62%, whereas TuIGF-I had a sensitivity of 18% and specificity of 79%. CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrates that although urinary IGF-I has no place in the diagnosis of growth disorders, in normal children there is a highly significant relationship between serum and urinary IGF-I with levels of each changing in a similar manner through childhood and adolescence. Thus, TuIGF-I could be used as a valid surrogate for sIGF-I in the physiological assessment of the relationship between IGF-I status and the normal growth process. FAU - Hall, C M
Precocious puberty.$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Precocious puberty continues to elicit great interest and concern among medical practitioners, as well as the public. RECENT FINDINGS: Studies have elucidated neural regulation of puberty by kisspeptin, neurokinin B, and other factors. Cohort studies from the North America and Europe suggest that the age of thelarche may be earlier than determined 2 decades ago, and menarche may be slightly earlier, but the causes are unclear. Long-term outcomes of gonadotropin-releasing hormone analog therapy demonstrate increases in final height in the youngest treated patients, with no apparent adverse bone or reproductive consequences. SUMMARY: Although the appropriate threshold age of onset of central puberty remains uncertain, gonadotropin-releasing hormone analog therapy is well tolerated and effective in suppressing luteinizing hormone pulses and ovarian activity. FAU - Neely, E Kirk
McCune-Albright syndrome with male premature pubarche of unusual origin.$$$ Premature pubarche in boys is a rare manifestation of McCune-Albright syndrome (MAS). In all cases published so far, it has always been attributed to an excessive testosterone production in the testicles. For the first time we describe a boy with MAS and evidence of premature pubarche of extragonadal origin. Apart from fibrous dysplasia of the forehead and a growth hormone- and prolactin-producing pituitary adenoma, the boy presented with premature pubarche at the age of 6 years and 11 months. The size of his testicles was only 2 ml at that time and remained thus despite a progression of his pubic hair to Tanner stage IV at the age of 10 years. In the basal blood analysis testosterone was not significantly elevated. However, androstenedione and DHEAS were elevated in the serum, and in repetitive 24-hour urine samples DHEAS metabolites were markedly elevated. We therefore concluded that the patient's premature pubarche might have originated in an increased production of DHEAS. This increased production might be due to an activating mutation of a hormone receptor in the zona reticularis of his adrenal glands leading to an increase in sulfotransferase activity and excessive DHEAS production.
Association of heart rate and blood pressure among European adolescents with usual food consumption: The HELENA study.$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIM: In adults, there is some evidence that improving diet reduces blood pressure (BP) and the subsequent risk of cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). However, studies that analyse this association in adolescents are still scarce. The objective of the present study was to examine the associations between heart rate, systolic (SBP), diastolic (DBP) and mean arterial blood pressure (MAP) among European adolescents and usual intake of vegetables, fruits, dairy products, meat, fish, high-sugar foods and savoury snacks. METHODS AND RESULTS: In total, 2283 adolescents from the HELENA-study (12.5-17.5 years old; 1253 girls) were included. Dietary intake was assessed using two computerized 24-hour dietary recalls. Age, sex, body mass index, maternal educational level, physical activity and Tanner stage were considered as confounders. Associations were examined by mixed model analysis stratified by sex. Tests for trend were assessed by tertiles of intake while controlling for the aforementioned confounders. Dairy products and fish intake were negatively associated with BP and heart rate. Significant decreasing trends were observed for heart rate and BP across tertiles of dairy products, fish intake and high-sugar foods intake (p < 0.05). Significant increasing trends were observed for SBP and MAP across tertiles of savoury snack intake (p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Significant but small inverse associations between fish and dairy products consumption with blood pressure and heart rate have been found in European adolescents. Dietary intervention studies are needed to explore these associations in the context of the modification of several risk factors for the prevention of cardiovascular diseases.
Lymphotoxin-alpha polymorphisms and the risk of endometrial cancer in Japanese subjects.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To test the association of endometrial cancer with the lymphotoxin-alpha (LTalpha) C804A and A252G polymorphisms, a hospital-based incident case-control study was performed in Japanese subjects. METHODS: The cases comprised 110 endometrial cancer patients, and the controls were 220 age-matched cancer-free females. RESULTS: The LTalpha C804A and A252G polymorphisms were in complete linkage disequilibrium. We performed conditional logistic regression analysis adjusted for age, which revealed that the LTalpha 252AG and 804CA variant genotypes were associated with a significantly reduced risk of endometrial cancer (OR=0.51, 95% CI=0.31-0.86, P=0.011). Being homozygous of the LTalpha 252G and 804A alleles was not associated with the risk of endometrial cancer. However, the presence of at least one variant LTalpha allele was associated with a significantly lower risk of endometrial cancer (OR=0.54, 95% CI=0.33-0.87, P=0.012). After adjusting for potential confounders (body mass index, age at menarche, parity, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, family history of endometrial cancer, hormone replacement therapy, smoking status, and alcohol consumption), the risk of endometrial cancer was significantly lower both in carriers of one variant allele and in carriers of either one or two of the variant alleles (OR=0.47, 95% CI=0.26-0.85, P=0.017; OR=0.50, 95% CI=0.28-0.89, P=0.019; respectively). CONCLUSION: The results suggest that these LTalpha polymorphisms play an important role in the tumorigenesis of endometrial cancer. FAU - Niwa, Yoshimitsu
Type 2 diabetes in Sudanese children and adolescents.$$$ The objective of this study was to determine the prevalence of T2 DM among children and adolescents attending a paediatric and adolescent diabetic clinic in Khartoum -Sudan and to find out the etiological factors, clinical presentation, management and associated co morbidities. This was a retrospective, descriptive hospital based study. The records of all children attending the clinic at Jabir Abu Izz Diabetic Center from January 2006 to December 2009 were reviewed and those who were diagnosed as type 2 DM were identified. Out of 985 patients 38 (4%) were labeled as having type 2 DM. Out of these, 35 (92.1%) had onset between 11-18 years of age and were all pubertal. Three patients (7.9%) were under 10. Female to male ratio was 1.2: 1. Thirty two (84.2%) were from tribes of Arab origin. There were no cases from tribes of southern Sudan of African origin. Risk factors for obesity included: diabetes during pregnancy 15 (39.5%), large for dates 16 (43%) small for dates 12(32%), family history of obesity 10 (26.3%), lack of exercise 32 (87.6%), TV watching for long hours 32(84.3%) and consumption of fast foods. Almost 70% were symptomatic at presentation. Co morbidities included hypertension 22(57.9%), microalbuminuria 7 (18.4%), hyperlipidaemia 6(7%) and none had retinopathy. The mean HbA1C was 9.1% gm/dl. This data confirms that T2 DM is emerging as a health problem among children and adolescents in Sudan mostly as a result of obesity particularly among high socioeconomic group in urban areas and more prevalent in certain ethnic groups. FAU - Osman, Hala A M
In utero preeclampsia exposure, milk intake and pubertal development.$$$ Cord blood insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) concentrations are lower in preeclamptic (PE) than normotensive (NT) pregnancies. PE offspring have increased risk of cardiovascular disease and decreased risk of some cancers including breast. We examined the effects of PE exposure in utero, infant feeding and childhood diet at 3-5 years on IGF-1 and breast development in 194 female offspring who were followed from birth until follow-ups at 10.8 and 12.9 years. Diet was not associated with serum IGF-1 levels at 10.8 years. PE exposure was associated with reduced odds of thelarche at 10.8 years only among exclusively breastfed girls. Milk, butter and ice cream consumption at 3-5 years was inversely related to the OR of breast development at 10.8 years. Child's weight and maternal overweight were positively associated with breast development at 10.8 years; child's height and weight were positively associated with breast development at 12.9 years.
A 3-year prospective study to assess uterine growth in girls with Turner's syndrome by pelvic ultrasound.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Adult women with Turner's syndrome who have used the donor ovum IVF programme are reported to have reduced pregnancy outcome with an increased risk for first trimester spontaneous abortion. This is considered to be related to a small uterine size and reduced endometrial thickness. This study examines whether adequate oestrogen replacement during the early adolescent years will result in normal adult uterine dimensions, with consequent reduction in these pregnancy risks. DESIGN: A prospective evaluation of uterine dimensions by pelvic ultrasound examination over 3 years, in a group of 18 girls commencing pubertal induction with oestrogen or entering puberty spontaneously. PATIENTS: Girls with Turner's syndrome attending the outpatient clinc at the Royal Children's Hospital and due to start oestrogen treatment were invited to participate in the study. MEASUREMENTS: Data were collected for clinical parameters of age, pubertal staging, menarche, oestrogen dose and karyotype. Ultrasonographic measurements of uterine length, sagittal and transverse width, endometrial cavity and identification of ovaries were also included. RESULTS: The mean age at commencement of the study was 14.6 years, mean age at final evaluation was 17.1 years. Karyotype was 45XO in 6/18, mosaic in 12/18. Spontaneous pubertal onset occurred in 5/18. One of these later required the addition of oestrogen treatment. Pubertal induction with oestrogen was used in 13/18 girls. A total of 15/18 girls have either achieved spontaneous menarche or are using adult doses of oestrogen and progestogen with regular withdrawal bleeds. All 18 girls have achieved a uterine length of 5.8-8.6 cm (mean 7.04 cm) within the normal adult range (5-8 cm). Mean uterine volume was 30.23 cm3. CONCLUSION: The study suggests that adequate oestrogen replacement in early to mid adolescence mimicking spontaneous timing of puberty results in normal uterine growth and adult uterine dimensions. Further follow-up of uterine growth in these girls is warranted. FAU - McDonnell, Ciara M
25-Hydroxyvitamin D insufficiency discriminates cardiovascular risk factors accumulation in peri-pubertal boys undergoing overweight screening.$$$ The aim of this study was to evaluate the possible association between cardiometabolic risk factors accumulation and vitamin D status in a cohort of Italian normal weight and overweight male children. 108 boys enrolled in an andrological health prevention project underwent physical examination, anthropometric measurements, and fasting blood sampling. Serum blood glucose, HDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, parathyroid hormone, and 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) were measured. Cardiovascular risk factors were defined according to the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III modified for age. Lean and overweight subjects differed in terms of waist circumference (P < 0.001), HDL-cholesterol (P = 0.001), triglycerides (P = 0.001), systolic blood pressure (P < 0.001) and diastolic blood pressure (P = 0.002). Both groups had similar mean 25(OH)D levels (P = 0.160) and were below the sufficiency threshold: indeed only 24 % of normal weight had 25(OH)D ≥30 ng/ml, and even less in the overweight/obese group (8 %, P = 0.03 vs. normal weight). A significant accumulation of risk factors in course of 25(OH)D insufficiency was detected in both the whole cohort and in the normal weight group (P = 0.003 and P = 0.04, respectively) with odd ratios of 1.31 (1.16-1.49 95%CI) and 1.41 (1.18-1.69 95%CI), respectively. In course of vitamin D deficiency, the odd ratios were 2.24 (1.34-3.77 95%CI, P = 0.003) in the whole cohort and 2.40 (1.27-4.82 95%CI, P = 0.03) in lean subjects. We reported a considerable occurrence of cardiovascular risk factors in course of hypovitaminosis D in overweight/obese boys and even in lean subjects, which normally would not have been further evaluated by considering the sole BMI-related parameters. In this regard, 25(OH)D levels appear as a potential discriminating parameter able to identify male children at higher health risk. FAU - Di Nisio, Andrea
[Frequency of risk factors in breast cancer].$$$ BACKGROUND: One in eight women has risk to developing breast cancer in long life (12.2%) one out of each 28 is in risk of death by this disease. The most recognized risk factors are hormonals, genetics and environmentals. OBJECTIVE: To identify the frequency of risk factors for breast cancer patients. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted in the Ambulatory Care Medical Unit 231, IMSS, in the medical records of 272 breast cancer patients in order to identify the major risk factors. RESULTS: 272 patients were studied, out of which 63 (23.1%) had no risk factor; 174 (64%) had 1 to 2 factors, 35 (12.9%) had 3 to 4 factors. The most common age group was 50-59 years. 80 women were menopausal, 28 (35%) had > 54 years, obesity was present in 35% of postmenopausal patients; with 29.8% of smokers, 16.9% had pregnancies long term > 30 years old. 14.3% were diabetics prior to breast cancer, and 12.2% had used exogenous hormones for > 5 years, 10.7% had experienced menarche < 11 years. Family background in first degree was 6.6% and for another cancer 32.4%. The detection by self examination was 91.5% and 1.1% by mastography. CONCLUSIONS: The most frequent risk factors included: overweight, obesity, smoking, exogenous hormones and pregnancy long term > 30 years. The method most frequently used for detection was self examination. FAU - Romero Figueroa, María del Socorro
Catch-up growth in severe juvenile hypothyroidism: treatment with a GnRH analog.$$$ Anecdotal reports suggest that the addition of a gonadotropin releasing hormone (GnRH) analog (GnRHa) in addition to L-thyroxine (LT4) replacement may increase adult stature in children with severe longstanding hypothyroidism by prolonging the pubertal growth period. This retrospective chart review compares the height outcome and body mass index in 33 children (21 treated with LT4 alone and 12 treated with LT4 + GnRHa) with severe longstanding hypothyroidism and bone age delay. Seventeen controls and six GnRHa-treated patients were followed to adult height (BA >14 yr [F]/16 yr [M] and/or growth velocity < 2 cm/yr). At diagnosis, GnRHa-treated patients were 1) older and shorter for chronological age, and 2) more advanced in puberty and bone age. Despite these differences, at adult height, both groups had similar improvements in height Z scores, similar height deficits, and comparable adult heights. Changes in BMI Z score were similar for both groups. Our study suggests that the addition of GnRHa to LT4 may improve interval growth without imposing a risk of obesity in children with longstanding severe hypothyroidism. FAU - Teng, Louisa
Long-term exposure to traffic-related air pollution and insulin resistance in children: results from the GINIplus and LISAplus birth cohorts.$$$ AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Epidemiological studies that have examined associations between long-term exposure to traffic-related air pollution and type 2 diabetes mellitus in adults are inconsistent, and studies on insulin resistance are scarce. We aimed to assess the association between traffic-related air pollution and insulin resistance in children. METHODS: Fasting blood samples were collected from 397 10-year-old children in two prospective German birth cohort studies. Individual-level exposures to traffic-related air pollutants at the birth address were estimated by land use regression models. The association between air pollution and HOMA of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was analysed using a linear model adjusted for several covariates including birthweight, pubertal status and BMI. Models were also further adjusted for second-hand smoke exposure at home. Sensitivity analyses that assessed the impact of relocating, study design and sex were performed. RESULTS: In all crude and adjusted models, levels of insulin resistance were greater in children with higher exposure to air pollution. Insulin resistance increased by 17.0% (95% CI 5.0, 30.3) and 18.7% (95% CI 2.9, 36.9) for every 2SDs increase in ambient NO2 and particulate matter ≤10 μm in diameter, respectively. Proximity to the nearest major road increased insulin resistance by 7.2% (95% CI 0.8, 14.0) per 500 m. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Traffic-related air pollution may increase the risk of insulin resistance. Given the ubiquitous nature of air pollution and the high incidence of insulin resistance in the general population, the associations examined here may have potentially important public health effects despite the small/moderate effect sizes observed. FAU - Thiering, E
TCF7L2 gene polymorphisms confer an increased risk for early impairment of glucose metabolism and increased height in obese children.$$$ CONTEXT: Variants in the transcription factor 7-like2 (TCF7L2) gene have been associated with an increased risk for type 2 diabetes in adults. To evaluate whether the five reported risk variants confer a higher risk for obesity and early impairment of glucose metabolism in children, we genotyped these risk variants of the TCF7L2 gene in a representative cohort of 1029 Caucasian children and an independent cohort of 283 obese children. RESULTS: Applying a case control design, we observed a significantly lower prevalence of the rs11196205 and rs7895340 risk alleles in the obese (n = 283) compared with lean (n = 672) children (0.40 vs. 0.45; P = 0.02). There was, however, no statistically significant relationship between these genotypes and quantitative traits of obesity in either a normal representative cohort (n = 1029) or an obesity cohort. Obese children were significantly taller than lean children. This increase in height was independently associated with risk variants of the TCF7L2 gene, whereas in the normal representative cohort height appeared to be decreased in carriers of the minor alleles. In the obese cohort, three risk alleles (rs7901695, rs7903146, and rs1225572) were significantly associated with higher fasting and 120-min blood glucose levels independent of sex, age, pubertal stage, and body mass index. Fasting and peak insulin levels and HOMA-IR appeared with a similar tendency but were not statistically significant. CONCLUSIONS: Our data indicate for the first time that TCF7L2 gene variants confer an increased risk for early impairment of glucose metabolism in obese children, which is consistent with adult studies identifying TCF7L2 as a major diabetes susceptibility gene. FAU - Körner, Antje
[Parental obesity is associated with the severity of childhood obesity and its comorbidities].$$$ INTRODUCTION: The influence of parental obesity on their obese offsprings is acknowledged but insufficiently characterised. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Retrospective study of 800 obese patients (45.2% girls; age: 10.35±3.40 years, body mass index [BMI]:+4.22±1.68 standard deviation score [SDS]). Group comparison according to the presence of obesity in none (n=347) or any of the parents (n=453), and then whether the obese parent was the father (n=185), the mother (n=151), or both parents (n=117) were performed. The parameters analysed were: Age at the onset of the obesity and at their first visit, birth weight (BW), BMI-SDS, blood glucose, insulin level, homeostatic model assessment (HOMA) index, total cholesterol (TC), HDL, LDL, triglycerides, 25-OH-vitamin-D, area under the curve (AUC) for insulin in the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), whole body insulin sensitivity index (WBISI), LDL/HDL and TC/HDL ratios, and weight loss after 12 month follow-up. RESULTS: No differences were observed between groups as regarding gender, ethnic background, or pubertal stage. Patients with one obese parent showed higher BW-SDS and BMI-SDS (P<.01), more severe impairment of carbohydrate metabolism (blood insulin, insulin-AUC, HOMA, HbA1c [P<.01] and lower WBISI [P<.05]) than those with no obese parent. Among those patients with a single obese parent, higher BW-SDS, insulin, HOMA, and lower 25-OH-vitamin D (P<.05) was observed when obesity was present in the mother. There was a higher prevalence of metabolic syndrome when both parents were obese (χ(2)=5.96, P<.05). A total of 132 patients reduced their BMI by ≥1.5SDS, or their weight by ≥10%, with no influence of the background of parental obesity. CONCLUSIONS: Obesity in any parent determines a higher severity of their offspring obesity and metabolic comorbidities, more importantly when obesity is present in the mother or in both parents, but without interference in the options of therapeutic success.
Adiponectin levels are high in children with classic congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency.$$$ OBJECTIVE: It has been shown that adiponectin serves as an insulin-sensitizing adipokine. Serum concentrations of adiponectin are low in children with obesity, and increase with fat mass loss, indicating that adiponectin can serve as a biomarker. Since the prevalence of overweight and obesity is increased in children with congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH), our study aimed to evaluate serum levels of adiponectin in a cohort of CAH children and adolescents, and their associations with clinical parameters such as chronological age (CA), body mass index (BMI), Tanner stage (TS), medication and metabolic control. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We studied 51 patients, aged between 5.6 and 19.6 years (median 11.8; 30 females, 21 males), cross-sectionally. All patients had genetically confirmed CAH and received standard steroid substitution therapy. Adiponectin was measured by an enzyme linked immunoassay. Since BMI SDS of the CAH cohort were significantly higher compared to the reference population, we built matched pairs with healthy Caucasian subjects from a normal representative cohort for sex, Tanner stage, chronologic age and BMI. RESULTS: Adiponectin concentrations were significantly higher in CAH patients (median 11 microg/L) compared to the matched controls (6.7 microg/L, p < 0.0001). Correlation analyses in CAH patients revealed a significant inverse relationship between adiponectin and CA, TS, BMI, serum DHEAS and serum testosterone, but no correlation with hydrocortisone and fludrocortisone dosage. CONCLUSION: Currently, the importance of the elevated adiponectin concentrations in CAH children for risk assessment is not clear. However, our data imply that besides adequate metabolic control of glucocorticoid substitution, a long-term follow-up of other metabolic markers of insulin resistance should be conducted in CAH patients. FAU - Völkl, Thomas M K
Acylated/unacylated ghrelin ratio in cord blood: correlation with anthropometric and metabolic parameters and pediatric lifespan comparison.$$$ CONTEXT: Ghrelin is a peptide with multiple functions that circulates in acylated (AG) and unacylated (UAG) forms. However, the role of ghrelin in neonates (NN) remains to be clarified. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to determine ghrelin concentrations of the two forms in NN to clarify their biological roles. As such, ghrelin levels at birth were compared with those in later life. SETTING AND DESIGN: Tertiary Care Center. In this cross-sectional study, we evaluated AG, UAG, AG/UAG ratio, and insulin levels in venous cord blood from NN and in fasted normal weight (NW) and obese (OB) children, both prepubertal and pubertal. SUBJECTS: We studied 82 NN, 82 NW, and 58 OB children. RESULTS: AG levels were lower in NN than in NW and OB children (P<0.0001), more specifically the prepubertal NW and OB children (P<0.0001). UAG levels were higher in NN than in NW and OB children (P<0.0001). Therefore, the AG/UAG ratio was lower in NN than in NW and OB children (P<0.0001). NN showed insulin levels similar to NW and lower than OB children (P<0.0001). At birth UAG was positively correlated with AG (Pearson: 0.425; P<0.0001) and negatively with insulin (-0.253; P<0.02). In NW and OB, UAG and AG were positively correlated to each other and negatively correlated with insulin and body mass index (-0.566; P<0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: NN compared with children, showed higher UAG and lower AG levels. The AG/UAG ratio showed a very different profile in NN, being lower than in NW and OB children, thus suggesting a different metabolic function for the two forms in NN. Further studies are needed to clarify the exact role of the different ghrelin forms in NN. FAU - Bellone, S
Visceral fat thickness and its associations with pubertal and metabolic parameters among girls with precocious puberty.$$$ PURPOSE: This study aimed to investigate associations of central obesity with sexual maturation and metabolic parameters in Korean girls with precocious puberty. METHODS: This retrospective study evaluated data from 72 girls under 8 years of age with a chief complaint of early breast development. The patients were categorized as central precocious puberty (CPP) subjects or non-CPP subjects based on their gonadotropin-releasing hormone stimulation test results. Visceral fat thickness (VFT) was measured using ultrasonography and defined as the distance from the linea alba to the aorta. Patient anthropometric, metabolic, and hormonal parameters were also evaluated. RESULTS: Increased VFT was correlated with an earlier onset of thelarche among all study subjects (r=-0.307, P=0.034). Overweight CPP subjects showed higher insulin resistance than normal weight CPP subjects. Insulin resistance was not significantly different between overweight and normal weight non-CPP subjects. VFT was not significantly different between CPP and non-CPP subjects (2.22±0.79 cm vs. 2.74±1.47 cm, P=0.169). However, overweight and obese CPP subjects (body mass index percentile&gt;85%) had lower VFT than non-CPP obese subjects. CONCLUSION: Central obesity, defined using ultrasonography-measured VFT, might be associated with early pubertal development in Korean girls. However, VFT was not higher in CPP than non-CPP patients and was not significantly correlated with insulin resistance. Further longitudinal studies with a larger cohort are needed. FAU - Kim, Dong Wook
Association of changes in body fatness and fatty acid composition of plasma phospholipids during early puberty in Japanese children.$$$ AIMS: Plasma fatty acid composition can change with age, reflecting diet and levels of desaturating enzymes such as stearoyl-CoA desaturase (SCD), delta-6 desaturase (D6D) and delta-5 desaturase (D5D), which contribute to the development of insulin resistance. This study analyzed longitudinal changes in fatty acid composition in Japanese children during early puberty and the association between changes in desaturase indices and changes in body fatness and insulin resistance. METHODS: The study included 77 children (38 boys and 39 girls) aged 9.6±0.5 years. Relative weight (RW) and waist-to-height ratio (WHtR) were determined. The fatty acid composition of plasma phospholipids was analyzed by gas chromatography, and the desaturase indices were calculated: SCD (16:1n-7/16:0: SCD16 and 18:1n-9/18:0: SCD18), D6D (20:3n-6/18:2n-6) and D5D (20:4n-6/20:3n-6) in 2006 and 2009. RESULTS: Obese children showed higher dihomo-gamma linolenic acid (DGLA; 20:3n-6), a higher D6D index and lower D5D index than non-obese children. Longitudinal changes in fatty acid com-position were generally similar in both sexes. Increased D6D index and DGLA and decreased D5D index were significantly associated with increased WHtR in boys and girls. In addition, increased D6D index was associated with an increased homeostasis model of assessment ratio (HOMA-R) only in girls. CONCLUSION: The change in abdominal adiposity is a determinant of longitudinal changes in D6D and D5D indices and DGLA during early puberty. FAU - Abe, Yuriko
Growth hormone therapy in children with idiopathic short stature - the effect on appetite and appetite-regulating hormones: a pilot study.$$$ AIM: To investigate the effect of growth hormone (GH) therapy on appetite-regulating hormones and to examine the association between these hormones and the response to GH, body composition, and resting energy expenditure (REE). METHODS: Nine pre-pubertal children with idiopathic short stature underwent a standard meal test before and 4 months following initiation of GH treatment. Ghrelin, GLP-1, leptin, and insulin levels were measured; area under the curve (AUC) was calculated. Height, weight, body composition, REE, and insulin-like growth factor levels were recorded at baseline and after 4 and 12 months. RESULTS: Following 4 months of GH therapy, food intake increased, with increased height-standard deviation score (SDS), weight-SDS, and REE (p < .05). Significant changes in appetite-regulating hormones included a decrease in postprandial AUC ghrelin levels (p = .045) and fasting GLP-1 (p = .038), and an increase in fasting insulin (p = .043). Ghrelin levels before GH treatment were positively correlated with the changes in weight-SDS (fasting: r = .667, p = .05; AUC: r = .788, p = .012) and REE (fasting: r = .866, p = .005; AUC: r = .847, p = .008) following 4 months of GH therapy. Ghrelin AUC at 4 months was positively correlated with the changes in height-SDS (r = .741, p = .022) and fat-free-mass (r = .890, p = .001) at 12 months of GH treatment. CONCLUSIONS: The reduction in ghrelin and GLP-1 following GH treatment suggests a role for GH in appetite regulation. Fasting and meal-AUC ghrelin levels may serve as biomarkers for predicting short-term (4 months) changes in weight and longer term (12 months) changes in height following GH treatment. The mechanisms linking GH with changes in appetite-regulating hormones remain to be elucidated. ABBREVIATIONS: SDS: standard deviation score; REE: resting energy expenditure; SMT: standard meal test; AUC: area under the curve; ISS: idiopathic short stature; SGA: small for gestational age; FFM: fat-free-mass; FM: fat mass; EER: estimated energy requirements; DRI: dietary reference intakes; IQR: inter-quartile range. FAU - Yackobovitch-Gavan, Michal
The prevalence of polycystic ovaries in the hepatic glycogen storage diseases: its association with hyperinsulinism.$$$ OBJECTIVE: There has been much debate concerning the relative contribution of insulin resistance to the development of polycystic ovaries (PCO). We therefore aimed to assess ovarian morphology and insulin/androgen status in females with the hepatic glycogen storage diseases types Ia (GSD-Ia) and III (GSD-III), disorders associated with abnormalities of insulin secretion. DESIGN: A cross-sectional study of ovarian ultrasonography, oral glucose tolerance tests (oGTTs) and single measurements of gonadotrophins and androgens were performed. PATIENTS: Twenty-seven patients were evaluated: 13 with GSD-Ia, median age 11.2 years (range, 3.3-26.7) and 14 with GSD-III, aged 13.2 years (4.2-31.3). None had clinical signs of hyperandrogenism and only two of the 13 adults (15%) had menstrual irregularities. They were compared to 9 normal adult female controls, aged 21-28 years. MEASUREMENTS: Ovarian morphology and volume were measured. Blood glucose and plasma insulin concentrations were measured at the beginning and end of a 2-hour oGTT. Single measures of LH, FSH, testosterone, dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate, androstenedione, IGF-I and SHBG were made on samples taken at the beginning of the oGTT. RESULTS: In both GSD-Ia and III, all those older than 4.8 years of age had a polycystic ovarian appearance. Pre-pubertal GSD-Ia patients had lower basal and 2-hour blood glucose and plasma insulin concentrations than pre-pubertal GSD-III patients. In adults with GSD-Ia and GSD-III, although basal and 2-hour blood glucose concentrations did not differ, both basal and 2-hour plasma insulin concentrations were significantly higher than controls. Serum gonadotrophins, androgens, IGF-I and SHBG were mostly normal. CONCLUSIONS: A polycystic ovarian appearance is a common finding in patients with glycogen storage disease even before puberty. In GSD-III and adults with GSD-Ia, this ovarian appearance was associated with hyperinsulinism, suggesting an aetiological link, but this was not the case in pre-pubertal children with GDS-Ia. Inborn errors of carbohydrate metabolism may act as useful models for examining control mechanisms of ovarian physiology and development. FAU - Lee, P J
Relationships between 24-hour urinary free cortisol concentrations and metabolic syndrome in obese children.$$$ CONTEXT: Clinical features of Metabolic Syndrome (MetS) and Cushing's Syndrome are similar, suggesting a pathogenetic role of hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal axis in MetS. OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study was to determine whether MetS diagnosis and specific clusters of MetS components (waist circumference, dyslipidemia, hypertension, and impaired glucose metabolism) are associated with serum cortisol (SC) or 24-h urinary free cortisol (UFC) levels. DESIGN AND SETTING: We conducted cross-sectional analyses of data from our obesity cohort. We studied 264 obese children (age, 11.0 ± 2.8 years; male, 48%; BMI, 28.2 ± 5.4 kg/m(2)). We examined UFC, SC, homeostasis model assessment (HOMA), and features of MetS (waist circumference, blood pressure, fasting lipids, and glucose). RESULTS: Slightly increased UFC concentrations were measured in 30.7% of the children. Obese children with MetS had significantly (P = .003) higher UFC levels compared with obese children without MetS. Girls demonstrated significantly higher UFC concentrations compared with boys independent of pubertal stage. UFC and SC levels were significantly related to features of MetS, but the associations were stronger for UFC. In multivariate analyses adjusted for age, sex, and body mass index, none of the features of MetS but HOMA index was correlated with UFC, whereas SC demonstrated no significant association to any parameter of MetS or HOMA. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings support the hypothesis that changes in the hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal axis are related to MetS in obesity. UFC seems to be a suitable marker for this relationship. Norm values for UFC adapted to obese children may help to avoid unnecessary dexamethasone suppression tests. FAU - Reinehr, Thomas
SERUM INSULIN-LIKE GROWTH FACTOR 1 IN LEBANESE SCHOOLCHILDREN AND ITS RELATION TO VITAMIN D AND FERRITIN LEVELS.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aims of our study were to establish reference values for insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) in Lebanese schoolchildren and to evaluate the relationship between IGF-1 and age, sex, body mass index (BMI), vitamin D, and ferritin. METHODS: This cross-sectional study included 952 Lebanese schoolchildren (495 boys and 457 girls) aged 8 to 18 years. Blood samples were taken from children attending 10 schools with different socio-economic status (SES). Chemiluminescent immunoassays were used for IGF-1, 25 hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D), testosterone, and ferritin measurements. RESULTS: The mean age was 13.46 ± 2.80 with no significant difference according to sex. IGF-1 was correlated with age in both sexes (P<.0001); it was higher in girls compared to boys (P = .007) and peaked at the ages of 14 and 12 for boys and girls, respectively. For each age group, the median IGF-1 value was higher compared to the values provided by the kit. IGF-1 was significantly correlated with BMI in boys (r = 0.16, P<.0001) but not girls. In both sexes, IGF-1 was inversely correlated with 25(OH)D and ferritin values. After adjustment for age, BMI, and height, the correlation between IGF-1 and 25(OH)D disappeared, whereas the relationship with ferritin persisted (P<.001 for boys, P = .002 for girls). For both sexes, multivariate regression analysis revealed independent associations between IGF-1 and height, Tanner stage, and ferritin. An association was also noted in boys for BMI and testosterone. CONCLUSION: Our results showed higher and earlier peak IGF-1 values in the pediatric Lebanese population compared to western populations. In addition, an independent inverse relationship was observed between IGF-1 and ferritin. Further studies are needed to identify the reason(s) underlying these results. ABBREVIATIONS: BMI = body mass index CRP = C-reactive protein CV = coefficient of variation GH = growth hormone IGF-1 = insulin-like growth factor 1 25(OH)D = 25 hydroxyvitamin D SES = socio-economic status TSH = thyroid-stimulating hormone. FAU - Gannagé-Yared, Marie-Hélène
[The relation between the secretion of growth hormone (GH), somatomedin C/IGF I (IGF I) and steroids before and after the onset of puberty in patients of small stature].$$$ Somatomedin C/IGF I, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHAS), testosterone (T) or estradiol (E2) have been measured in 154 patients of a previous study in which growth hormone (GH) responses to classical pharmacologic stimuli and spontaneous growth hormone secretion during sleep were compared in short children before and at the beginning of puberty. Five groups were identified: Group I, normal growth hormone secreting children; group II, completely growth hormone deficient; group III, partially growth hormone deficient; group IV, with normal sleep secretion and low responses to stimuli; group V, with the reverse situation. The somatomedin C/IGF I levels were widely dispersed. In group I, the mean +/- SEM levels of somatomedin C/IGF I were 0.77 +/- 0.047 U/ml before puberty and 1.36 +/- 0.142 U/ml in early pubertal patients, with a relation to age (r = 0.52, p less than 0.001). The difference between prepubertal and pubertal patients was significant. In groups II to V, there was no pubertal rise of somatomedin C/IGF I. In group II, the mean IGF I level was 0.48 +/- 0.05 U/ml, significantly lower than in prepubertal patients of group I. In groups III, IV and V, it was 0.7 +/- 0.069 U/ml, 0.8 +/- 0.059 U/ml, and 0.73 +/- 0.059 U/ml respectively, not different from prepubertal patients of group I, but significantly lower than in early pubertal patients of the same group. In prepubertal patients, somatomedin C/IGF I was slightly but highly significantly correlated to growth hormone sleep secretion (r = 0.27, p less than 0.001) and to dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (r = 0.36, p less than 0.001), but growth hormone and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate were not correlated with each other.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS) FAU - Garnier, P
Young maternal age and preterm labor.$$$ PURPOSE: The relationship among young age, biologic immaturity (as indexed by low gynecologic age), and the causes of preterm delivery (idiopathic preterm labor [PTL], premature rupture of the membranes [PROM], and medical indications) were investigated among 605 primigravidas from the Camden Study. METHODS: The sample consisted of 366 young adolescents < 16 years at the time of their last menstrual period (LMP) and 239 older women, 18-29 years at LMP (controls). The young adolescents were significantly shorter, thinner, had younger ages at menarche, and over a third (36.3%) were of low gynecologic age, i.e., their chronologic age was 2 or fewer years more than their age at menarche. RESULTS: Adjusting for ethnicity, cigarettes smoked/day, weight gain rate, height, fetal sex, gestational diabetes mellitus, and pregnancy-induced hypertension, young adolescents overall had a nearly 75% increased risk of PTL (adjusted odds ratio [AOR] = 1.74, 95% confidence interval [95% CI]: 1.07-2.84), and preterm delivery with PTL (AOR = 2.08, 95% CI: 1.08-4.00). There was a modest decreased risk of preterm delivery among young gravidas attributable to other causes, such as PROM or medical indications (AOR = 0.70, 95% CI: 0.28-1.75). This increased risk of PTL and preterm delivery with PTL was principally attributable to biologic immaturity. Young age with low gynecologic age was associated with a twofold risk of PTL (AOR = 2.15, 95% CI: 1.19-3.89) and preterm delivery with PTL (AOR = 2.64, 95% CI: 1.23-5.65), while the risk associated with young age and higher gynecologic age was only increased moderately. CONCLUSIONS: Young adolescents, and especially those of low gynecologic age, appear prone to PTL and are at increased risk for preterm delivery through this pathway. FAU - Hediger, M L
Plasma C-type natriuretic peptide forms and thyroid status in prepubertal children with acquired thyroid disease.$$$ OBJECTIVE: C-type natriuretic peptide (CNP) and thyroid hormone (TH) are essential for normal skeletal growth. Plasma CNP peptides correlate with growth velocity, but the relationship between thyroid status and CNP production is unknown. This study examined the impact of restoring normal TH levels on CNP and height velocity (HV) in children with acquired hypo- and hyperthyroidism. DESIGN: We performed a prospective, observational study in prepubertal children with acquired hypothyroidism (n = 15) and hyperthyroidism (n = 12). MEASUREMENTS: Blood levels of CNP, amino-terminal proCNP (NTproCNP), bone-specific alkaline phosphatase (BSAP), IGF-I and TH levels were measured before and during the first 6 months of standard treatment for hypo- and hyperthyroidism, and correlations were determined. RESULTS: At baseline, HV, CNP, NTproCNP and BSAP were significantly higher in hyper- than in hypothyroid subjects. Changes in TH after treatment were closely coupled to change in CNP and NTproCNP in hyperthyroid, but not in hypothyroid, children. In addition, a positive association of HV with CNP peptides was found during treatment of hyperthyroidism. Normalizing TH did not correlate with changes in BSAP or IGF-I in either group. CONCLUSIONS: Plasma CNP peptides are higher in children with hyperthyroidism than in those with hypothyroidism at diagnosis and, in hyperthyroid children, change concordantly with TH and HV during treatment. Differential responses of CNP in the two groups suggest CNP production is dependent on growth plate activity and not a direct effect of TH on CNP gene expression. Our findings suggest novel mechanisms underlying changes in skeletal response during treatment in children with acquired thyroid disease.
Simultaneous suprasellar and pineal germ cell tumors in five late stage adolescents: endocrinological studies and prolonged follow-up.$$$ Primary germ cell tumors (PGCT) of the central nervous system usually develop in the third ventricle area, and most frequently in the pineal region. The suprasellar region is the second preferential site for development of these tumors which are rarely simultaneously present in these two sites. We report five new cases of PGCT with pineal and suprasellar localizations, which appeared in late puberty in four boys and one girl aged 17-19 years. The clinical picture associated signs of intracranial hypertension, convergence and verticality palsies, diabetes insipidus and pituitary deficiency. Encephalic MRI revealed a double localization. Endocrine tests revealed a particular pattern associating central diabetes insipidus and a hypothalamic-pituitary disconnection syndrome. Following identification of the pathological type of lesions via a neurosurgical approach, treatment was based on a combined method using chemotherapy, radiotherapy and hormone replacement. Based on this treatment, prolonged remissions were obtained with a good quality of life. FAU - Vuillermet, P
Hyperinsulinemia and waist circumference in childhood metabolic syndrome.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the characteristics of obese children presenting at a tertiary care hospital and the frequency of metabolic syndrome (MS) in them using two paediatric definitions. STUDY DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. PLACE AND DURATION OF STUDY: The Endocrine Clinic of National Institute of Child Health, Karachi, from November 2005 till May 2008. METHODOLOGY: A total of 262 obese children aged 4-16 years, with BMI greater than 95th percentile were included. Children having obesity due to syndromes, medications causing weight gain, chronic illness and developmental disability were excluded. Blood pressure, waist circumference, fasting triglycerides, HDL, insulin and glucose levels were obtained. Obesity was defined as BMI > 95th percentile for age and gender according to the UK growth reference charts. The prevalence of metabolic syndrome was estimated using to the De Ferrantis and Lambert definitions. RESULTS: The frequency of MS varied between 16% and 52% depending on whether insulin levels were included in the definition. There was a significant positive correlation(r) when the metabolic parameters were correlated with waist circumference and insulin levels, except HDL which was negatively correlated. All the metabolic parameters like waist circumference, triglycerides, high density lipoprotein cholesterol and systolic blood pressure increased considerably across the insulin quartile (p < 0.05). The most noteworthy anthropometric and metabolic abnormality were the waist circumference (46.5%) and insulin levels (58%) respectively. CONCLUSION: There was a marked difference in the frequency of metabolic syndrome according to the definition used. The waist circumference and hyperinsulinemia are significant correlates of MS in obese children. There is a need for establishing normal insulin ranges according to age, gender and pubertal status. The clinical examination and investigations ought to include waist circumference and insulin levels together as a part of the definition of MS, for early detection and intervention of childhood obesity. FAU - Lone, Saira Waqar
Global fibrinolytic capacity is decreased in girls with premature adrenarche: a new pathological finding?$$$ OBJECTIVE: Global fibrinolytic capacity (GFC) is a sensitive method reflecting all of the molecular components involved in the process of fibrinolysis. Recently, a decrease in GFC has been shown in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Girls with premature adrenarche (PA) have been shown to have hyperinsulinemia and dyslipidemia in addition to hyperandrogenemia, similar to women with PCOS. The aim of this study was to evaluate GFC levels in girls with PA. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Twenty-five girls with PA, who had developed pubic/axillary hair at age of 7.09 +/- 0.74 (5.1-7.9) years, were studied at the age of 10.04 +/- 1.53 years and compared with 20 age-matched healthy controls and 10 girls with PCOS (mean age 16.58 +/- 1.46 years). RESULTS: Median DHEAS and free testosterone levels were significantly higher in girls with PA than in the control group. The median serum sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) level was higher in controls than in both PA and PCOS groups (49.85, 38.60 and 21.30 nmol/l, respectively). The median fasting glucose:insulin ratio (FGIR) levels were similarly low in PA and PCOS groups, while it was significantly higher in controls. The FGIR levels were less than 7 in 52% of girls with PA and 50% of girls with PCOS; however, in controls, only 5% of girls had FGIR <7. Median GFC in girls with PA (1.67 microg/ml) and PCOS (1.06 microg/ml) were significantly lower than that of the controls (3.48 microg/ml, p <0.001). The GFC level correlated positively with SHBG and FGIR. CONCLUSION: A reduction in GFC was demonstrated in girls with PA compared to healthy controls. This important finding, newly added to previous ones, may strengthen the view that PA is not a benign condition, and also points to the presence of potential risk factors for vascular diseases in these girls starting from childhood. FAU - Andiran, Nesibe
Early onset of endocrine abnormalities in beta-thalassemia major in a developing country.$$$ Endocrine complications in patients with thalassemia major in developing countries may be frequent due to suboptimal iron chelation. Data from developing countries are scant. We prospectively evaluated growth, growth hormone (GH), insulin-like growth factor I, thyroid hormone, cortisol and glucose tolerance in 84 patients over one year. Height standard deviation (SD) score of patients > 8 years (-2.2 +/- 1.5 against National Center for Health Statistics references) was significantly lower than that of normal controls (-1.0 +/- 0.7, p < 0.001). 51% of patients had GH deficiency, 13% hypocortisolism and 7.9% diabetes/impaired glucose tolerance. Ten of 11 adolescents/young adults had hypogonadism. Of 54 preadolescent children who underwent dynamic testing, 18 (33%) had at least one endocrine deficiency other than short stature. We conclude that hypogonadism and hypocortisolism form important causes for morbidity in our thalassemic children. Thalassemic patients in developing countries may be at risk for endocrine deficiencies at younger ages. FAU - Gulati, R
Final height and weight of long-term survivors of childhood malignancies.$$$ The aim of this study was to investigate growth and final height in young adults after therapy for malignant diseases. Final height and weight was studied in 50 long-term survivors (LTS) of childhood cancer (aged 17-31 years; 30 men, 20 women) 3-18 years after treatment for malignant diseases (7 acute lymphoblastic leukemia, 20 lymphoma, 8 sarcoma, 15 malignant central nervous system [CNS] tumours). None of the LTS had been treated with growth hormone (GH). A decrease in final height SDS (Standard deviation score) occurred in both LTS of malignant CNS tumours (median height SDS at diagnosis, 0.3; range, -0.9 to 2.2; median final height SDS, -1.3; range, -3.9 to 1.9; p < 0.01) and LTS of lymphoma (p < 0.05) or leukemia (p < 0.05). However, only LTS who received cranial (p < 0.05) or craniospinal (p < 0.001) irradiation (XRT) exhibited reduced final heights. LTS who had received XRT not involving the CNS or had received no XRT at all presented no reduction in final height. LTS of CNS tumours treated with high craniospinal XRT doses (24 to 56 Gy) reached lower (p < 0.01) final heights when compared with LTS of leukemia who received lower cranial XRT doses (18 to 24 Gy). Final height SDS correlated with chronological age at initiation of therapy (p < 0.05). No correlation was found between the cumulative doses of applied chemotherapeutic agents and the final height of LTS. During follow-up LTS developed an increase in weight for height index (WFH) which occurred independent of XRT. In conclusion, cranial and craniospinal XRT especially in young children with malignancies resulted in a decrease in final height SDS. As 6 of 15 LTS of malignant CNS tumours exhibited a final height SDS below -2 SD, analysis of pituitary function and substitution of GH after diagnosis of GH deficiency should be considered for these patients at a young age. Others factors not directly related to XRT are responsible for the increased risk for obesity in LTS of childhood cancer. FAU - Müller, H L
Altered glucose disposition and insulin sensitivity in peri-pubertal first-degree relatives of women with polycystic ovary syndrome.$$$ BACKGROUND: First-degree relatives (FDRs) of women with PCOS are at increased risk for impaired insulin sensitivity and diabetes mellitus. Glucose tolerant FDR have evidence of insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia prior to emergence of frank PCOS. AIM: To study insulin dynamics parameters in the early adolescent FDR of women with PCOS. METHODS: This is a cross-sectional study involving 18 adolescents whose mothers or sisters had been diagnosed with PCOS and 21 healthy, age-matched control adolescents without FDR. Subjects underwent anthropometric measurements, steroid profiling and frequently sampled Intravenous Glucose Tolerance Test (IVGTT), Homeostasis Model Assessment (HOMA) index, Glucose Disposal Index (GDI), Acute Insulin Response (AIR) and Quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) were derived from IVGTT results. RESULTS: FDRs showed significantly higher mean HOMA and lower GDI. There were no differences in mean age or BMI Z-score between the cohorts. No differences in sex steroids or AIR were identified between groups. CONCLUSION: Female adolescent FDR of women with PCOS have higher HOMA index and lower QUICKI, reflecting altered insulin sensitivity and lower GDI reflecting poorer beta-cell function. The presence of multiple risk factors for type 2 diabetes suggests that aggressive screening of the early adolescent FDR of women with PCOS is indicated. FAU - Raissouni, Nouhad
11-Oxygenated Androgens Are Biomarkers of Adrenal Volume and Testicular Adrenal Rest Tumors in 21-Hydroxylase Deficiency.$$$ CONTEXT: Patients with 21-hydroxylase deficiency (21OHD) have long-term complications, resulting from poor disease control and/or glucocorticoid overtreatment. Lack of optimal biomarkers has made it challenging to tailor therapy and predict long-term outcomes. OBJECTIVE: To identify biomarkers of disease control and long-term complications in 21OHD. SETTING AND PARTICIPANTS: Cross-sectional study of 114 patients (70 males), ages 2 to 67 years (median, 15 years), seen in a tertiary referral center. METHODS: We correlated a mass-spectrometry panel of 23 steroids, obtained before first morning medication, with bone age advancement (children), adrenal volume (adults), testicular adrenal rest tumors (TART), hirsutism, menstrual disorders, and pituitary hormones. RESULTS: Total adrenal volume correlated positively with 18 steroids, most prominently 21-deoxycortisol and four 11-oxygenated-C19 (11oxC19) steroids: 11β-hydroxyandrostenedione (11OHA4), 11-ketoandrostenedione (11ketoA4), 11β-hydroxytestosterone (11OHT), and 11-ketotestosterone (11ketoT) (r ≈ 0.7, P < 0.0001). Nine steroids were significantly higher (P ≤ 0.01) in males with TART compared with those without TART, including 11OHA4 (6.8-fold), 11OHT (4.9-fold), 11ketoT (3.6-fold), 11ketoA4 (3.3-fold), and pregnenolone sulfate (PregS; 4.8-fold). PregS (28.5-fold) and 17-hydroxypregnenolone sulfate (19-fold) levels were higher (P < 0.01) in postpubertal females with menstrual disorders. In males, testosterone levels correlated positively with all 11oxC19 steroids in Tanner stages 1 and 2 (r ≈ 0.7; P < 0.001) but negatively in Tanner stage 5 (r = -0.3 and P < 0.05 for 11ketoA4 and 11ketoT). In females, testosterone level correlated positively with all four 11oxC19 steroids across all Tanner stages (r ≈ 0.8; P < 0.0001). CONCLUSION: 11oxC19 steroids and PregS might serve as clinically useful biomarkers of disease control and long-term complications in 21OHD.
Obese children have higher arterial elasticity without a difference in endothelial function: the role of body composition.$$$ The childhood obesity epidemic is expected to increase cardiovascular disease risk, but the impact of obesity on vascular function in children is not fully understood. The purpose of this study was to determine the effect of obesity and maturation on vascular function in normal weight (BMI: 25-75 percentile) and obese (BMI: ≥95 percentile) children ages 8-18 years old. Large and small artery elasticity (LAEI and SAEI, respectively), measured by diastolic radial pulsewave contour analysis, and reactive hyperemia index (RHI), measured by peripheral arterial tonometry, were obtained, along with anthropometric and biochemical outcomes, in 61 normal weight and 62 obese children. SAEI and LAEI increased with age and were 30% and 18% higher, respectively, in obese children (P < 0.01). In contrast, reactive hyperemia increased with age in the normal weight group but did not differ between groups. Multivariate modeling was used to select variables that explained differences in vascular outcomes. The best model for LAEI in normal weight children was height alone (r(2) = 0.49), whereas for obese children the best model included height + fat mass (r(2) = 0.40). For SAEI, there were no significant models for normal weight children, but for obese children the best model included lean mass + fat mass (r(2) = 0.36). Obese children had greater lean and fat mass, and more advanced Tanner stages than their normal weight peers. The increased elasticity observed in obese children appears to reflect accelerated growth and maturation without affecting vascular reactivity measured by reactive hyperemia. Longitudinal follow up will be essential in determining effects on future vascular disease risk. FAU - Tryggestad, Jeanie B
Associations of total, dairy, and meat protein with markers for bone turnover in healthy, prepubertal boys.$$$ We previously reported that high intake of milk, but not meat, equal in protein content, increased serum insulin-like growth factor-I (sIGF-I) in prepubertal boys. sIGF-I plays a key role in bone metabolism. Therefore, the aim of this cross-sectional study was to investigate associations of total, dairy, and meat protein intake with markers for bone turnover and sIGF-I in prepubertal, healthy boys (n = 81). We measured bone turnover (enzyme-linked immunoassay) in serum osteocalcin (sOC), bone-specific alkaline phosphatase (sBAP), and C-terminal telopeptide of collagen type-I (sCTX); dietary intake was estimated from a 3-d weighed food record. sIGF-I and its binding protein-3 were assessed (immunoassay) in a subgroup of 56 boys. All statistical models included effects of age, BMI, and energy intake. Dairy protein was negatively associated with sOC (P = 0.05) but not significantly associated with sBAP and sCTX. Further analyses showed that dairy protein decreased (P = 0.05) sOC at a high meat protein intake (>0.8 g/kg), whereas meat protein increased (P = 0.03) sOC at a low dairy protein intake (<0.4 g/kg). Total and meat protein intake was positively associated with sBAP (P < or = 0.04) but not significantly associated with sOC and sCTX. Free sIGF-I was positively associated with total (P < 0.01) and dairy (P = 0.06) protein but not with meat protein. Our results indicate that dairy and meat protein may exhibit a distinct regulatory effect on different markers for bone turnover. Future studies should focus on differential effects of dairy and meat protein on bone health during growth. FAU - Budek, Alicja Z
Salutary effects of combining early very low-dose systemic estradiol with growth hormone therapy in girls with Turner syndrome.$$$ CONTEXT: Optimizing pubertal estrogen replacement in girls with Turner syndrome is important. OBJECTIVE: The study objective was to test the hypotheses that physiological estradiol replacement administered early with GH will preserve height potential as much as if administered late and that it will bring about a greater height gain than standard oral estrogen therapy combined with GH. DESIGN: The study was randomized to early or late estrogen treatment; follow-up was at 3.5 yr or later. SETTING: This was a multicenter outpatient study. PATIENTS: Turner syndrome girls 12.0-12.9 yr (n = 7) or 14.0-14.9 yr (n = 7) of age who began GH before age 12.0 yr were the patients. The girls were matched to National Cooperative Growth Study registry patients who began GH and oral conjugated estrogen at similar ages and were similarly followed to adult or near-adult height. INTERVENTIONS: Depot estradiol, 0.2 mg/month i.m., was given initially and gradually increased; GH was 0.05 mg/kg daily. MAIN OUTCOME VARIABLE: Adult or near-adult height was the main outcome variable. RESULTS: Depot estradiol treatment resulted in height significantly taller than predicted at 12 yr of age (P < 0.02). All height potential was gained in the first 2 yr of the study, during which the early group grew 3.5 cm more than the late group, which was receiving GH alone (P < 0.01). The early depot estradiol group also gained 5.9 cm more height after starting estrogen than did the early National Cooperative Growth Study group (P < 0.05). Although feminization proceeded slowly on the lowest dose of estradiol, it advanced normally thereafter. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that very low-dose parenteral estradiol permits relatively age-appropriate feminization without interfering with the effect of GH on the enhancement of height potential. FAU - Rosenfield, Robert L
Intra-abdominal adiposity and individual components of the metabolic syndrome in adolescence: sex differences and underlying mechanisms.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association between intra-abdominal adiposity and individual components of the metabolic syndrome (MS) in adolescent males and females. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study of a population-based cohort. SETTING: Saguenay Youth Study, Quebec, Canada. PARTICIPANTS: A total of 324 adolescents, aged 12 to 18 years. INTERVENTION: Measures were compared between males and females with "high" or "low" intra-abdominal fat (IAF). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Intra-abdominal fat was quantified with magnetic resonance imaging. Primary outcome measures were blood pressure (BP) and fasting serum glucose, insulin, lipids, and C-reactive protein levels. Secondary mechanistic measures were cardiovascular variability indexes of autonomic nervous system function, pubertal development, and serum levels of cortisol, leptin, and sex hormones. RESULTS: The MS was completely absent in adolescents with low IAF and was present in 13.8% of males and 8.3% of females with high IAF. Excess IAF was associated with a higher homeostasis model assessment index (0.5 [95% confidence interval (CI), 0.3 to 0.8]; P < .001) and triglycerides level (17.7 mg/dL [to convert to millimoles per liter, multiply by 0.0113] [95% CI, 9.7 to 25.7 mg/dL]; P < .001), lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level (-3.9 mg/dL [to convert to millimoles per liter, multiply by 0.0259] [95% CI, -6.2 to -1.5 mg/dL]; P = .003), and higher C-reactive protein level (0.03 mg/L [to convert to nanomoles per liter, multiply by 9.524] [95% CI, 0.01 to 0.05 mg/L]; P = .003). High IAF was associated with elevations of BP and sympathetic activity in males only (higher systolic BP, 6 mm Hg [95% CI, 1 to 11 mm Hg]; P = .02 and low-frequency power of diastolic BP, 629 mm Hg2 [95% CI, 37 to 1222 mm Hg2]; P = .04). CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that, already in adolescence, accumulation of IAF may promote development of the MS, affecting the metabolic and inflammatory components similarly in both sexes but influencing BP adversely only in males. The latter may be attributed, in part, to the augmentation of sympathetic activity also seen only in males. FAU - Syme, Catriona
Association between left ventricular mass, androgens, adiposity and insulin resistance in girls with precocious pubarche: a case-control study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Precocious pubarche (PP) has been linked to higher prevalence of metabolic disturbances and polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). The aim of the study was to assess echocardiographic parameters in PP girls and to analyse their relationship with androgens and insulin resistance (IR). DESIGN: Case-control study. PATIENTS: Thirty-five PP girls and 35 healthy age-matched controls. MEASUREMENTS: Clinical, hormonal and metabolic profiles, echocardiography, body composition and oral glucose tolerance test. RESULTS: Chronological age (10·04 ± 2·6 years in PP vs 10·13 ± 2·56 years in controls, P = 0·227), and pubertal stage at the time of the study were similar between the groups. PP girls had higher free androgen index (FAI) [1·39 (0·48-3·64) vs 1·06 (0·39-1·7), P = 0·005] and QUICKI (0·58 ± 0·08 vs 0·63 ± 0·12, P = 0·021). However, HOMA-IR was not significantly different between the groups [2·79 (1·84-4·05) vs 2·15 (1·09-3·23), P = 0·085]. After adjusting for total body fat, left ventricular mass (LVM) was higher in the PP group (97·31 ± 33·37 vs 81·25 ± 19·06 g, P = 0·017) as well as A' wave (5·66 ± 1·34 vs 5·09 ± 0·98 cm/s, P = 0·025), a measurement of diastolic function. FAI and total body fat were independent predictors of higher LVM and together with HOMA-IR contributed 72% of LVM variability in the PP group. CONCLUSION: In this study with PP girls, greater LVM, associated with higher androgen levels, IR and total body fat, occurred early in pubertal development.
Racial difference in circulating sex hormone-binding globulin levels in prepubertal boys.$$$ Racial differences in disease risk (eg, osteoporosis, metabolic cardiovascular syndrome, and prostate cancer) may arise partly on a hormonal basis. While reports of racial differences in gonadal steroid hormone levels in middle-aged men have produced conflicting results, there is evidence that high sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) and estradiol levels are more common among young adult African American men than white men. To determine whether this difference relates to pituitary-testicular functioning or to other factors, we conducted a cross-sectional study of 47 healthy prepubertal African American and white boys aged 5 to 9 years at the time of their annual school physical examination. Height, weight, blood pressure, waist and hip circumference, and Tanner staging were determined, and a fasting blood sample was obtained. The African Americans studied were slightly older than the whites (mean +/- SD, 82.4 +/- 15.0 vs 70.5 +/- 10.3 months, P = .003). African Americans were also slightly taller and heavier and had a lower waist-to-hip ratio, but these differences could be explained by the difference in age. Mean SHBG levels were 25% higher (P = .15) in African Americans than in whites (197 +/- 104 vs 157 +/- 79 nmol/L), and when adjusted for age, values were 46 nmol/L higher among African Americans. The fifth quintile for SHBG (values > 245 nmol/L) included 1 (4.2%) of 24 whites and 8 (35%) of 23 African Americans studied (P = .003). There was no significant correlation between age, body mass index, waist circumference, or fasting insulin and SHBG. Total testosterone, the free androgen index, and dehydroepiandrosterone increased with age in both groups, but after adjusting for age, no racial differences were found. Estradiol, estrone, and inhibin B levels, as well as systolic and diastolic blood pressures, were also comparable in both groups. We conclude that high levels of SHBG are more common among African American than in white boys and hypothesize that this difference and its effect on the ratio between bound and free steroid hormones may contribute to racial differences in disease risk in adult men. FAU - Abdelrahaman, Eiman
[Growth hormone deficiency: diagnosis and treatment].$$$ Growth hormone (GH) and thyroxine are the major growth promoting hormones in postnatal life. The pulsatile pattern of GH-release by the anterior pituitary is regulated by the interaction of stimulating and inhibiting hormones and influenced by physiological and pharmacological factors. GH promotes longitudinal bone growth mainly through activation of insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I), but there may also be a direct effect. The most important clinical feature of growth hormone deficiency (GHD) is a low growth velocity resulting in short stature. In addition to retardation of bone maturation many GH-deficient children exhibit a number of typical, clinical characteristics. The diagnosis GHD can be confirmed by performing GH-stimulation tests and IGF-I measurements. However, the maximal GH-response to provocative stimuli is a poor indicator of the spontaneous GH-secretion. Classifications and etiology of GHD are given. Since 1958 GH-deficient children are treated with human GH with initially disappointing results regarding attained final height. Early diagnosis and treatment and optimization of GH-dose, mode of administration and injection frequency might improve final height. In The Netherlands the currently used GH-dose is 12-14 IU/m2/week in 6 or 7 daily doses administered subcutaneously. Ongoing retrospective and prospective studies serve to determine optimal treatment schedules. Up to now, important adverse effect of GH-therapy with the current GH-doses in GH-deficient children are not known. The beneficial effects of long-term GH-treatment of GHD adults is at present subject to ongoing investigation.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS) FAU - de Muinck Keizer-Schrama, S M
Gender differences in the relationship between heart rate control and adiposity in young children: a cross-sectional study (EarlyBird 33).$$$ BACKGROUND: The role of the autonomic nervous system in the complex link between insulin resistance and cardiovascular risk remains unclear. Increased sympathetic nervous system activity has been implicated in the pathophysiology of insulin resistance but is confounded by a number of factors. METHODS: We have therefore examined the relationship among cardiac autonomic control, insulin resistance, habitual physical activity, resting energy expenditure (REE), and anthropometric variables in a subset (107 boys, 101 girls, age 9 +/- 0.25 yr) of the EarlyBird cohort. Cardiac autonomic activity was assessed using time domain and power spectral density analysis methods of heart rate variability. Insulin resistance was measured using homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA2-IR). RESULTS: Girls, in comparison to boys, showed significantly higher resting heart rate and lower systolic blood pressure (BP); were more insulin resistant; undertook less physical activity, and had lower fat-free mass and REE. Increasing fasting insulin and increasing insulin resistance were associated with increasing BP. CONCLUSION: The data suggest early gender differences in predictors of cardiac autonomic control. Pubertal staging was not undertaken in this study, and we plan to evaluate this in future studies to further clarify these associations. FAU - Krishnan, Binu
Association between duration of reproductive lifespan and Framingham risk score in postmenopausal women.$$$ CONTEXT: The benefit of estrogen therapy in postmenopausal women is still uncertain. Based upon extensive observational data, it was believed that estrogen was cardioprotective. The relationship between the period of exposure to endogenous estrogens and the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) has not been studied in Korean women. OBJECTIVE: To assess associations between reproductive lifespan and CVD by using the Framingham risk score (FRS) in postmenopausal Korean women. DESIGN AND SETTING: This cross-sectional, population-based study used data from the Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (KNHANES) for the five years 2008-2012,after adjustment for relevant variables using complex sample analysis and data weighting. PARTICIPANTS: Among 25,534 women, 1973 women were enrolled, after excluding those <20 or >80 years of age (n=6194), those with diabetes, CVD or cancer (n=491), those with unrecorded physical measurements (n=7335), those with menarche age ≤8 years or ≥20 years (n=6194), and premenopausal women (n=3347). RESULTS: The FRS tended to show a significant negative correlation with the reproductive lifespan (p<0.001). In multiple linear regression analysis, a negative correlation was observed between the reproductive lifespan and FRS (adjusted relative risk [RR] for <28 reproductive years [shortest lifespan group] compared with 28-33 reproductive years [moderate lifespan group], 1.2, p<0.001 and adjusted RR for >33 reproductive years [longest lifespan group] compared with 28-33 reproductive years [moderate lifespan group], -0.42, p=0.011). CONCLUSION: A longer reproductive lifespan is associated with a lower estimated risk of CVD in the next 10 years in postmenopausal women. This result suggests that estrogen has a long-term protective effect against CVD.
Endocrine consequences of premature pubarche in post-pubertal Caucasian girls.$$$ BACKGROUND: It has been postulated that intrauterine undernutrition may predispose to serious endocrine consequences, including precocious pubarche (PP), functional ovarian hyperandrogenism and insulin resistance syndrome. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to determine whether a history of PP was associated with the development of hyperandrogenism and/or metabolic consequences and to evaluate the effect of birth weight on this association. PATIENTS: The study population comprised 27 Caucasian girls with a history of PP and 25 healthy girls of similar age (17.4 +/- 1.3 vs. 17.7 +/- 0.9 years). RESULTS: Gynecological age, irregular menses and oral contraceptive use were similar in the two groups. PP girls showed an increased Ferriman-Gallway Score [median (range) 8 (4-17) vs. 6 (2-10), P = 0.02] and tended to have more previous history of acne. No statistical differences were found between the groups for mean testosterone (1.7 +/- 0.7 vs. 1.4 +/- 0.7 nmol/l, P = 0.49) and dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate concentrations (7.2 +/- 3.7 vs. 5.8 +/- 2.0 micromol/l, P = 0.15), but mean Delta4-androstenedione concentrations (7.3 +/- 2.4 vs. 4.9 +/- 2.1 nmol/l, P = 0.007) and free androgen index (8.5 +/- 9.7 vs. 3.6 +/- 3.9 IU, P = 0.003) were significantly increased in the PP group. All girls showed normal glucose tolerance with an oral glucose tolerance test. Derived insulin resistance parameters were not statistically different between the two groups and fasting lipids were comparable in both groups. There was no significant effect of birth weight on androgen levels in the PP girls. Moreover, none of the PP girls demonstrated the above-described association. CONCLUSIONS: Precocious pubarche could be the first sign of future functional ovarian hyperandrogenism but a link between this condition and intrauterine undernutrition or insulin resistance could not be demonstrated in this study. FAU - Meas, Taly
Clinical Spectrum of Disorders of Sexual Differentiation.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To describe the mode of presentation and causes of the disorders of sexual differentiation in patients presenting in the Endocrine Clinic. STUDY DESIGN: Observational study. PLACE AND DURATION OF STUDY: The Endocrine and Diabetes Unit of Jinnah Postgraduate Medical Centre (JPMC), Karachi, from July 2012 to July 2014. METHODOLOGY: Patients with phenotypic, psychosocial gender confusion or absence of gender appropriate secondary sexual maturation were enrolled in the study. Patients having chronic systemic disease, as cause of delayed puberty, were excluded from the study. SPSS 13 was used to evaluate the data. RESULTS: A total of 48 patients registered in the study with mean age of 19.9 ±8 years. Female gender was assigned to 28 (58.3%) of which 8 (28.57%) had genital ambiguity. Male gender was assigned to 20 (41.66%) patients at the time of birth and 7 (35%) of them had ambiguous genitalia. Karyotyping could be done in 36 (75%) patients of which 17 (47.2%) were females and 19 (52.7%) were males. Karyotypic gender of the 19 (48.57%) male patients was 46 XX, 46 XY and 47 XXY; in 4 (21.05%), 5 (26.3%) and 10 (52.6%) patients, respectively with 9 Klinfelter syndrome. Karyotypic gender of 17 (47.42%) female patients were 46 XX, 46 XY and 45 X0; in 5 (29.4%), 3 (17.64%) and 9 (52.9%) patients, respectively. CONCLUSION: Disorder of sexual development constitutes a small but difficult area of endocrinology with disastrous consequences, especially if assigned wrong sex at birth. Mode of presentation of these cases was diverse ranging from delayed puberty, to gender confusion, to pregnancy in a male. Eventually in an adult patient assignment or reassignment of gender identity was primarily the patient's prerogative. FAU - Rehman, Urooj Lal
Association between excessive BMI increase during puberty and risk of cardiovascular mortality in adult men: a population-based cohort study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Being overweight during childhood and adolescence is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease in adulthood, but the relative contribution of prepubertal childhood BMI and BMI change during puberty to adult mortality due to cardiovascular disease is unknown. We assessed the contribution of these two distinct developmental BMI parameters for cardiovascular mortality in adult men. METHODS: As a part of the ongoing population-based BMI Epidemiology Study (BEST) in Gothenburg, Sweden, men born between 1945 and 1961 with information on both their childhood BMI at age 8 years and BMI change during puberty were included in the study and followed up until December, 2013. Participants who died or emigrated before age 20 years were excluded from the analysis. BMI was collected from paediatric growth charts and mandatory military conscription tests. Childhood overweight (BMI of ≥17·9 kg/m(2)) was defined according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's cutoff at 8 years of age, and BMI change during puberty was defined as the difference between young adult BMI and childhood BMI (BMI at age 20 years minus BMI at age 8 years). Information on mortality was retrieved from high quality national registers with the participants' ten-digit personal identity number. We used Cox proportional hazard regression to analyse the association between exposures and mortality. The ethics committee of the University of Gothenburg, Sweden, approved the study and waived the requirement for written informed consent. FINDINGS: We followed 37 672 Swedish men from age 20 years for a mean of 37·8 years (1 422 185 person-years follow-up). 3188 all-cause deaths and 710 cardiovascular deaths occurred during follow-up. The correlation between childhood BMI and BMI change during puberty was marginal (r=0·06). BMI change during puberty, but not childhood BMI, was independently associated with adult all-cause and cardiovascular mortality in men. Boys that became overweight during puberty (HR 2·39; 95% CI 1·86-3·09) and boys who were overweight consistently throughout childhood and puberty (1·85; 1·28-2·67), but not boys overweight in childhood that normalised during puberty (0·99, 0·65-1·50), had increased risk of cardiovascular mortality compared with participants who were not overweight in childhood or as young adults. The association between BMI change during puberty and cardiovascular mortality was non-linear with a substantial association above a threshold of 6·7 units increase in BMI. INTERPRETATION: Excessive BMI increase during puberty is a risk marker of adult cardiovascular mortality. These results indicate that BMI should be monitored during puberty to identify boys with increased risk of adult cardiovascular mortality. FUNDING: Swedish Research Council, the Swedish Government (under the Avtal om Läkarutbildning och Medicinsk Forskning [Agreement for Medical Education and Research]), the Lundberg Foundation, the Torsten Söderberg Foundation, the Novo Nordisk Foundation, the Knut and Alice Wallenberg Foundation, and the Anna Ahrenberg Foundation.
Dysfunction of autonomic nervous system in childhood obesity: a cross-sectional study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the distribution of autonomic nervous system (ANS) dysfunction in overweight and obese children. METHODS: Parasympathetic and sympathetic ANS function was assessed in children and adolescents with no evidence of impaired glucose metabolism by analysis of heart rate variability (low frequency power ln(LF), high frequency power, ln(HF); ln(LF/HF) ratio, ratio of longest RR interval during expiration to shortest interval during inspiration (E/I ratio), root mean square of successive differences (RMSSD); sympathetic skin response (SSR); and quantitative pupillography (pupil diameter in darkness, light reflex amplitude, latency, constriction velocity, re-dilation velocity). The relationship of each ANS variable to the standard deviation score of body mass index (BMI-SDS) was assessed in a linear model considering age, gender and pubertal stage as co-variates and employing an F-statistic to compare the fit of nested models. Group comparisons between normal weight and obese children as well as an analysis of dependence on insulin resistance (as indexed by the Homeostasis Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance, HOMA-IR) were performed for parameters shown to correlate with BMI-SDS. Statistical significance was set at 5%. RESULTS: Measurements were performed in 149 individuals (mean age 12.0 y; 90 obese 45 boys; 59 normal weight, 34 boys). E/I ratio (p = 0.003), ln(HF) (p = 0.03), pupil diameter in darkness (p = 0.01) were negatively correlated with BMI-SDS, whereas ln(LF/HF) was positively correlated (p = 0.05). Early re-dilation velocity was in trend negatively correlated to BMI-SDS (p = 0.08). None of the parameters that depended significantly on BMI-SDS was found to be significantly correlated with HOMA-IR. CONCLUSION: These findings demonstrate extended ANS dysfunction in obese children and adolescents, affecting several organ systems. Both parasympathetic activity and sympathetic activity are reduced. The conspicuous pattern of ANS dysfunction raises the possibility that obesity may give rise to dysfunction of the peripheral autonomic nerves resembling that observed in normal-weight diabetic children and adolescents. FAU - Baum, Petra
Neuroendocrine Morbidity After Pediatric Optic Gliomas: A Longitudinal Analysis of 166 Children Over 30 Years.$$$ CONTEXT: Fifty percent of pediatric low-grade gliomas affect the optic pathway, hypothalamus, and suprasellar areas (OP/HSGs), resulting in significant long-term neuroendocrinopathy. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to dissect tumor- from treatment-related risk factors for OP/HSG-associated neuroendocrinopathy. DESIGN: This was a retrospective case notes analysis of 166 children with newly diagnosed OP/HSGs at our quaternary center between 1980 and 2010 by multivariate Cox, linear, and logistic regression. RESULTS: Patients were of median (range) age 4.9 (0.2-15.4) years at diagnosis and followed up for 8.3 (0.04-26.8) years. Despite high 20-year overall survival (81.0%), progression-free and endocrine event-free survival (EEFS) were 47.2 and 20.8%, respectively. EEFS declined up to 15 years post-diagnosis, with hypothalamic involvement (P < .001) being implicated more than radiotherapy (P = .008) in earlier endocrinopathy; the reverse being true of its density (radiotherapy P < .001; hypothalamic involvement P = .006). GH deficiency (GHD) was most common (40.3%), followed by central precocious puberty (CPP, 26.0%), gonadotropin (GnD; 20.4%), TSH (13.3%), and ACTH (13.3%) deficiencies. GHD increased with later treatment eras (P < .01), but replacement did not increase progression. CPP was associated with future GnD (P < .05). Posterior pituitary dysfunction (PPD; 7.2%) occurred in 57.9% after only biopsies or shunt procedures, and was associated with 6/13 deaths; 50.2% became obese. Tumor extent, surgery, and increased endocrinopathy, rather than radiotherapy, predicted visuocognitive morbidity. CONCLUSIONS: This first longitudinal OP/HSG-specific study demonstrates that hypothalamo-pituitary dysfunction evolves hierarchically over decades. Tumor location predicts its speed of onset and radiotherapy its density. GnD can evolve from previous CPP, whereas life-threatening PPD can occur after any surgery. Our data suggest that recent radiation-avoiding chemotherapeutic strategies have increased GHD without improving survival. FAU - Gan, Hoong-Wei
SITAR--a useful instrument for growth curve analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Growth curve analysis is a statistical issue in life course epidemiology. Height in puberty involves a growth spurt, the timing and intensity of which varies between individuals. Such data can be summarized with individual Preece-Baines (PB) curves, and their five parameters then related to earlier exposures or later outcomes. But it involves fitting many curves. METHODS: We present an alternative SuperImposition by Translation And Rotation (SITAR) model, a shape invariant model with a single fitted curve. Curves for individuals are matched to the mean curve by shifting their curve up-down (representing differences in mean size) and left-right (for differences in growth tempo), and the age scale is also shrunk or stretched to indicate how fast time passes in the individual (i.e. velocity). These three parameters per individual are estimated as random effects while fitting the curve. The outcome is a mean curve plus triplets of parameters per individual (size, tempo and velocity) that summarize the individual growth patterns. The data are heights for Christ's Hospital School (CHS) boys aged 9-19 years (N = 3245, n = 129,508), and girls with Turner syndrome (TS) aged 9-18 years from the UK Turner Study (N = 105, n = 1321). RESULTS: The SITAR model explained 99% of the variance in both datasets [residual standard deviation (RSD) 6-7 mm], matching the fit of individually-fitted PB curves. In CHS, growth tempo was associated with insulin-like growth factor-1 measured 50 years later (P = 0.01, N = 1009). For the girls with TS randomized to receive oxandrolone from 9 years, velocity was substantially increased compared with placebo (P = 10(-8)). CONCLUSIONS: The SITAR growth curve model is a useful epidemiological instrument for the analysis of height in puberty. FAU - Cole, Tim J
Standardized centile curves and reference intervals of serum insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) levels in a normal Japanese population using the LMS method.$$$ Measurements of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) are useful not only for diagnosis and management of patients with growth hormone (GH)-related disorders but also for assessing nutritional status. We reported population-based references of serum IGF-I in 1996. However, they did not properly reflect data in the transition period from puberty to maturity. The aim of the present study was to re-establish a set of normative data for IGF-I for the Japanese population. The study included 1,685 healthy Japanese subjects (845 males, 840 females) from 0 to 83 years old. Subjects suffering from diseases that could affect IGF-I levels were excluded. Obese or extremely thin adult subjects were also excluded. IGF-I concentrations were determined by commercially available immunoradiometric assays. The reference intervals were calculated using the LMS method. Median IGF-I levels reached 310 ng/mL in males at the age of 14 years and 349 ng/mL in females at the age of 13 years, falling to 124 ng/mL and 103 ng/mL, respectively, by the age of 70 years. The mean pretreatment IGF-1 SD scores in patients with severe GH deficiency (GHD) obtained from the database of the Foundation for Growth Science and from clinical studies for adult GHD were -2.1±1.6 and -4.9±2.5, respectively. The present study established age- and gender-specific normative IGF-I data for the Japanese population and showed the utility of these references for screening patients with severe GHD. FAU - Isojima, Tsuyoshi
Effect of sex hormone administration on circulating ghrelin levels in peripubertal children.$$$ BACKGROUND: Ghrelin levels gradually decrease throughout childhood and with advancing pubertal stage. The change during puberty is more pronounced in boys than girls. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to investigate whether the pubertal drop in ghrelin secretion is modified by the increase in sex hormones. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Ghrelin levels were measured in 34 short peripubertal children (17 boys and 17 girls) aged 8-12.5 yr before and after sex hormone priming for GH stimulation testing. RESULTS: In boys, priming with testosterone increased testosterone to pubertal levels (23.7 +/- 7.1 nmol/liter), which in turn induced a marked decrease in ghrelin (from 1615.8 +/- 418.6 to 1390.0 +/- 352.0 pg/ml) and leptin (from 8.0 +/- 4.5 to 5.8 +/- 3.2 ng/ml) and an increase in IGF-I (from 162.7 +/- 52.8 to 291.1 +/- 101.6 ng/ml) (P < 0.001 for all parameters). In girls, priming with estrogen led to a supraphysiological increase in estradiol levels (1313.8 +/- 438.0 pmol/liter), which had no effect on ghrelin, leptin, or IGF-I. There was no correlation between ghrelin levels and levels of sex hormones, leptin, or body mass index in either boys or girls. CONCLUSIONS: A pharmacological increase in sex hormones is associated with a marked decline in circulating levels of ghrelin in boys but not girls. Additional longitudinal studies through puberty are needed to elucidate the physiological interaction between sex hormones and ghrelin. FAU - Lebenthal, Y
Long-term outcome of idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism.$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: This review focuses on the presentation, treatment and long-term outcomes of men with idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (IHH). RECENT FINDINGS: The traditional view that IHH is a simple monogenic disorder has now been revised, with some cases having an oliogenic basis involving mutations in more than one locus in each affected individual. The majority of IHH men respond well to induction of spermatogenesis with gonadotropins or pulsatile gonadotropin-releasing hormone. Favourable prognostic factors include larger testicular size, prior gonadotropin therapy, no previous androgen therapy, absence of cryptorchidism and pretreatment inhibin B levels more than 60  pg/ml. Genetic factors influence response to therapy and patients with KAL1 mutations tend to have less favourable outcomes as they may have defects in multiple levels of the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis.Androgen replacement is warranted in all IHH patients after usual chronological age of puberty, and poor treatment compliance is associated with lower bone mineral density and higher fat mass. However, 10% of patients display sustained reversal so a brief treatment interruption should be considered. SUMMARY: IHH is a heterogeneous disorder. The complex genetics and interaction with environmental factors likely underlie the variable expressivity of the reproductive and nonreproductive phenotypes. The demonstration of reversibility, the impact of inadequate testosterone replacement and the good response to induction of spermatogenesis confirm the need for specialist care and long-term follow-up. FAU - King, Thomas F J
Early-life overweight trajectory and CKD in the 1946 British birth cohort study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Few studies have examined the impact of childhood obesity on later kidney disease, and consequently, our understanding is very limited. STUDY DESIGN: Longitudinal population-based cohort. SETTING & PARTICIPANTS: The Medical Research Council National Survey of Health and Development, a socially stratified sample of 5,362 singletons born in 1 week in March 1946 in England, Scotland, and Wales, of which 4,340 were analyzed. PREDICTOR: Early-life overweight latent classes (never, prepubertal only, pubertal onset, or always), derived from repeated measurements of body mass index between ages 2 and 20 years. OUTCOMES & MEASUREMENTS: The primary outcome was chronic kidney disease (CKD), defined as creatinine- or cystatin C-based estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFRcr and eGFRcys, respectively) <60 mL/min/1.73 m² or urine albumin-creatinine ratio (UACR) ≥3.5 mg/mmol measured at age 60-64 years. Associations were explored through regression analysis, with adjustment for socioeconomic position, smoking, physical activity level, diabetes, hypertension, and overweight at ages 36 and 53 years. RESULTS: 2.3% of study participants had eGFRcr <60 mL/min/1.73 m², 1.7% had eGFRcys <60 mL/min/1.73 m², and 2.9% had UACR ≥3.5 mg/mmol. Relative to being in the never-overweight latent class, being in the pubertal-onset- or always-overweight latent classes was associated with eGFRcys-defined CKD (OR, 2.04; 95% CI, 1.09-3.82). Associations with CKD defined by eGFRcr (OR, 1.27; 95% CI, 0.71-2.29) and UACR (OR, 1.33; 95% CI, 0.70-2.54) were less marked, but in the same direction. Adjustment for lifestyle and health factors had little impact on effect estimates. LIMITATIONS: A low prevalence of CKD resulted in low statistical power. No documentation of chronicity for outcomes. All-white study population restricts generalizability. CONCLUSIONS: Being overweight in early life was found to be associated with eGFRcys-defined CKD in later life. The associations with CKD defined by eGFRcr and UACR were less marked, but in the same direction. Reducing or preventing overweight in the early years of life may significantly reduce the burden of CKD in the population.
Reproductive disturbances among Saudi adolescent girls and young women with type 1 diabetes mellitus.$$$ AIM: To identify reproductive disturbances among adolescent girls and young women with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) in Saudi Arabia. METHODS: This cross sectional study was conducted among 102 female with T1DM, (aged 13-29 years) who attended the Diabetes Clinic at Diabetes Treatment Center, Prince Sultan Military Medical City, Saudi Arabia between April 2015 to March 2016. Clinical history, anthropometric characteristics and reproductive disturbance were collected through a questionnaire. RESULTS: Of 102 patients included in this analysis, 26.5% (27/102) were reported that they experienced an irregular menses. Of these patients, when compared to whose diabetes was diagnosed before menarche (35.4%, 17/48), patients diagnosed with diabetes after menarche (18.5%, 10/54) showed significantly less irregular menses (difference 16.9%, P = 0.04). Similarly, compared to patients diagnosed with diabetes prior to menarche (mean age 12.9 years; n = 48), patients diagnosed with diabetes after menarche (mean age 12.26 years; n = 54) were found to have 0.64 years delay in the age of menarche (P = 0.04). Among the studied patients, 15.7% (16/102) had polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Of these PCOS patients, 37.5% (6/16) had irregular menses, 6.3% (1/16) had Celiac disease, 37.5% (6/16) had Hashimoto thyroiditis and 18.7% (3/16) had acne. CONCLUSION: More than one fourth of the study population with T1DM experiencing an irregular menses. Adolescent girls and young women diagnosed with diabetes prior to menarche showed higher menstrual irregularity and a delay in the age of menarche. FAU - Braham, Rim
Thirty-year persistence of obesity after presentation to a pediatric obesity clinic.$$$ BACKGROUND: Few large, long-term studies are available on the relationship between childhood and adult obesity. AIM: The present study examined the 30-year association between childhood and adult obesity in a large sample of girls with essential and uncomplicated obesity. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: 318 girls who had visited our Pediatric Obesity Clinic between January 1972 and December 1974 were re-contacted between January 2002 and December 2005. All had undergone an assessment of weight, height and pubertal status at the baseline visit. Anthropometry was performed again on those who agreed to take part in the follow-up visit. The women's general practitioners were also asked to compile a health questionnaire. Hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, hypertriglyceridemia and diabetes were defined according to current guidelines. Rates are expressed as number of cases per 1000 person-years (PY). Multivariable Poisson regression was used to identify predictors of persistent obesity. RESULTS: 224 (70%) of the 318 girls took part to the 30-year follow-up study. They had the same baseline anthropometry of those not available at follow-up. Sixteen per cent of them were still obese at the 30-year follow-up, giving a persistence rate of obesity of 5.2 x 1000 PY. Tanner stages > or = 1 [rate = ratios (RR) from 4.73 to 7.74 for different stages, p < or = 0.021] and Z-score of BMI (RR = 2.72 for one SDS, p = 0.019) were independent predictors of obesity persistence. Having a university degree vs. an elementary degree was instead protective (RR = 0.32, p = 0.009). The most prevalent complication was hypertriglyceridemia (8.8 x 1000 PY), followed by hypercholesterolemia (rate = 8.4 x 1000 PY), hypertension (rate = 5.2 x 1000 PY) and diabetes mellitus (rate = 1.0 x 1000 PY). CONCLUSION: The study reinforces the notion that obesity should be prevented at an early age and shows that adolescents with severe obesity and low educational degree are at greater risk of becoming obese adults. FAU - Iughetti, Lorenzo
Reduced arterial compliance associated with metabolic syndrome in Chinese children and adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To explore the metabolic syndrome and its association with arterial compliance in Chinese children and adolescents. METHODS: 337 participants aged 6 to 18 years with males accounted for 55.8% were grouped according to their traits of metablic syndrome. Anthropometry, blood pressure, fasting plasma glucose, insulin and serum lipid profile were measured. Homeostasis model was assessed and insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index was measured and calculated for estimating individual insulin resistance. Arterial compliance was also measured using digital pulse wave analyzing method (Micro medical, London), and stiffness index was calculated. RESULTS: The stiffness index in participants with metablic syndrome was significant higher than that in participants with no riskof metablic syndrome [(7.69 +/- 1.63) vs (6.25 +/- 0.86) m/s, P < 0.01] and stiffness index and HOMA-IR were progressively increased with the increase of traits of metablic syndrom (P for linear trend < 0.001). After gender, age, and pubertal development were adjusted, both traits of metablic syndrome and HOMA-IR were correlated positively with stiffness index (both P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: The clustering of metablic syndrome was closely associated with risk at increased arterial stiffness in Chinese children and adolescents. It was suggested that arterial compliance assessment of children and adolescents might be an important measure for prevention of cardiovascular diseases. FAU - Xi, Bo
Influence of catch-up growth on IGFBP-2 levels and association between IGFBP-2 and cardiovascular risk factors in Korean children born SGA.$$$ Small for gestational age (SGA) at birth and postnatal growth pattern may have an impact on insulin resistance and body composition in their later life. Emerging evidence has indicated that insulin-like growth factor binding protein-2 (IGFBP-2) may be related to insulin sensitivity. The aim of this study was to evaluate insulin resistance and IGFBP-2 levels in SGA children, and to identify the effect of catch-up growth on IGFBP-2 concentration. Serum IGFBP-2 levels were measured in 103 Korean SGA children including 49 prepubertal and 54 pubertal subjects. Anthropometric values, fasting serum levels of metabolic parameters and insulin sensitivity indices were determined. Each prepubertal or pubertal group was subgrouped based on height or weight catch-up growth. The subgroups with weight catch-up showed higher values of BMI, body fat mass, percent body fat, and total cholesterol. Particularly in pubertal children, IGFBP-2 concentration was lower in the subgroup with weight catch-up. Catch-up growth in height did not affect insulin resistance and metabolic parameters. IGFBP-2 levels were inversely correlated with BMI, body fat mass, percent body fat, insulin and leptin levels in both prepubertal and pubertal groups. Additionally in the pubertal group, systolic blood pressure, cholesterol levels were related to IGFBP-2. A strong relationship between IGFBP-2, the insulin sensitivity index, and some cardiovascular risk factors was observed in children born SGA, suggesting that IGFBP-2 might be a promising marker for early recognition of insulin resistance, particularly in children with weight catch-up. FAU - Ko, Jung Min
Metabolic syndrome and physical fitness in a sample of Azorean adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: Metabolic syndrome, a predecessor of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes, has become prevalent in adolescents. This study aimed to estimate the prevalence of metabolic syndrome and its components and to analyze the relationship between metabolic syndrome and overall physical fitness levels in a sample of Azorean adolescents. METHODS: A cross-sectional school-based study, the Azorean Physical Activity and Health Study II, was conducted on 517 adolescents (297 girls, 220 boys) aged 15-18 years old from the Azorean Islands. Body height, weight, waist circumference, and arterial blood pressure were measured according to standards. Fasting intravenous blood samples were analyzed (high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, and glucose). Physical fitness was assessed using five tests from Fitnessgram Test Battery 8.0: Curl-up, push-up, trunk lift, pacer, and sit-and-reach. Adolescents were then classified as being in the healthy zone or above or under the healthy zone. Metabolic syndrome was defined according to the 2007 International Diabetes Federation‘s guidelines for adolescents. RESULTS: The prevalence of metabolic syndrome was 5% (4.7% in girls and 5.5% in boys, P > 0.05). Waist circumference was the most prevalent component (32.9%), and hypertriglyceridemia the least (4.4%). Logistic regression analysis showed that after adjusting for pubertal stage and socioeconomic status, unfit adolescents (healthy zone criteria in <or=2 tests) were more likely [odds ratio (OR) = 3.414; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.150-10.129] to be classified as having metabolic syndrome. CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of metabolic syndrome is high in Azorean adolescents. Unfit adolescents were more likely to have metabolic syndrome than fit adolescents. Improving overall physical fitness levels and abdominal obesity reduction may be important strategies in overcoming this public health problem and its consequences. FAU - Moreira, Carla
Near final height in pubertal growth hormone (GH)-deficient patients treated with GH alone or in combination with luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone analog: results of a prospective, randomized trial.$$$ To study the effects of delaying puberty in GH-deficient (GHD) children, we studied 21 GHD (9 boys, 14 girls), treatment-naive, pubertal patients in a prospective, randomized trial. Their chronological age was 14.3 +/- 1.6 yr, and their bone age was 11.3 +/- 1.1 yr (mean +/- SD) at the beginning of the study. Four patients who developed hypogonadotropic hypogonadism were subsequently excluded from the study. Patients were randomly assigned to receive GH + LH-releasing hormone analog (LHRH-A) (n = 7), or GH alone (n = 10). GH and LHRH-A treatment started simultaneously in each patient. GH (Nutropin) was administered at a dose of 0.1 U/kg x day sc, until patients reached a bone age (BA) of 14 yr in girls and 16 yr in boys, and LHRH-A (Lupron depot) was administered at a dose of 300 microg/ kg every 28 days in during 3 yr. We defined GH deficiency as patients with a growth velocity less than 4 cm/yr, BA delay more than 1 yr in relationship to chronological age, GH response to two stimulation tests less than 7 microg/L, associated with low serum insulin-like growth factor I and insulin-like growth factor binding protein 3 levels. Statistical analysis was performed by ANOVA or Kruskall Wallis when variances were not homogeneous. We observed a significant decrease in the rate of BA maturation in the group treated with GH+LHRH-A (1.5 +/- 0.2 yr) compared with the group treated with GH alone (4.2 +/-0.5 yr) during the 3 years of LHRH-A therapy (P < 0.05). This delay in BA maturation produced a significant gain in final height in the group treated with GH+LHRH-A, which reached - 1.3 +/- 0.5 SD score compared with -2.7 +/- 0.3 SD score (P < 0.05) in the group treated with GH alone. These results indicate that delaying puberty with LHRH-A in GHD children during treatment with GH increases final height. FAU - Mericq, M V
Effect of gonadotropin-releasing hormone analogue on final adult height among Jordanian children with precocious puberty.$$$ To study the effect of gonadotropin-releasing hormone analogue (GnRHa) on final adult height (FAH) among Jordanian children with central precocious puberty (CPP). Methods: It is a retrospective historical cohort study. We assessed the FAH and height gain in 43 children with CPP (39 females and 4 males) who received GnRHa and 13 children with CPP (11 females and 2 males) who did not receive GnRHa and achieved FAH between 2004 and 2014. Final adult height was compared to target height (TH) and mid- parental height (MPH) in both groups. Results: In GnRHa treated females, the FAH was 158.5±6.6 cm compared to 151.2±8.4 cm in the untreated females (p=0.004). Height gain was 2.9±8.5 cm in the treated females compared to -3.8±7.7 cm in the untreated group (p=0.022). In GnRHa treated females, FAH was found to be closer to TH (p=0.01) and MPH (p=0.01) in comparison to untreated females. Conclusion: Gonadotropin-releasing hormone  analogue is effective in increasing FAH in Jordanian children with CPP, particularly those with advanced bone age. FAU - Swaiss, Hala H
Pubertal Lipid Levels Are Significantly Lower in Youth With Type 1 Diabetes Who Experienced Partial Clinical Remission.$$$ IMPORTANCE: The physiologic changes in lipids during puberty in type 1 diabetes (T1D) are unclear because subjects in previous studies were not stratified by partial clinical remission status. AIM: To determine the effect of partial clinical remission on lipid changes during puberty in youth with T1D. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: A retrospective cross-sectional study of 194 subjects consisting of 71 control subjects of age 12.9 ± 1.3 years and 123 subjects with T1D stratified into remitters (n = 44; age, 13.0 ± 0.8 years) and nonremitters (n = 79; age, 11.2 ± 0.6 years). Partial clinical remission was defined as insulin-dose adjusted HbA1c of ≤9. Pubertal status was determined by Tanner staging. RESULTS: Among the pubertal cohort, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration was significantly higher in the nonremitters compared with remitters (91.1 ± 25.6 vs 77.2 ± 25.8 mg/dL, P = 0.018) and with normal-weight control subjects (91.1 ± 25.6 vs 70.4 ± 22.9 mg/dL, P = 0.009) but was similar between overweight/obese control subjects and nonremitters (89.7 ± 28.9 vs 91.1± 25.6 mg/dL, P = 0.81) and between normal-weight control subjects and remitters (70.4 ± 22.9 vs 77.2 ± 25.8 mg/dL, P = 0.39). Total cholesterol was also significantly higher in nonremitters compared with remitters (167.8 ± 30.5 vs 149.8 ± 32.1 mg/dL, P = 0.012) and with normal-weight control subjects (167.8 ± 30.5 vs 143.2 ± 30.1 mg/dL, P = 0.011) but was similar between nonremitters and overweight/obese control subjects (P = 0.098) and between remitters and normal-weight control subjects (P = 0.51). Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was equally significantly higher in nonremitters compared with remitters (111.3 ± 30.1 vs 95.9 ± 29.1 mg/dL, P = 0.028) and normal-weight control subjects (111.3 ± 30.1 vs 86.2 ± 32.2 mg/dL, P = 0.028) but was similar between nonremitters and overweight/obese control subjects (P = 0.48) and between remitters vs normal-weight control subjects (P = 0.39). CONCLUSIONS: Puberty-related reductions in low-density lipoprotein, total cholesterol, and non-high-density lipoprotein occur in remitters and normal-weight control subjects but not in nonremitters and overweight/obese control subjects. FAU - Nwosu, Benjamin Udoka
Pelvic ultrasonography in the evaluation of central precocious puberty: comparison with leuprolide stimulation test.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To compare the ovarian and uterine structure demonstrated sonographically with baseline and leuprolide-stimulated luteinizing hormone (LH) and estradiol values in females with suspected precocious puberty. STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective chart review. Fifty females (age 3.1 to 9.5 years) underwent stimulation testing with leuprolide (20 μg/kg) and pelvic ultrasonography. Subjects were grouped as (1) prepubertal (baseline and stimulated LH and estradiol in prepubertal range); (2) early pubertal (baseline LH and estradiol in prepubertal range but stimulated LH or estradiol in pubertal range); and (3) pubertal (baseline and stimulated LH or estradiol in pubertal range). Sonographic data were compared with baseline and leuprolide-stimulated LH and estradiol. RESULTS: Baseline and stimulated LH and stimulated estradiol significantly correlated with ovarian and uterine volumes. Ovarian and uterine volumes were significantly higher in females in the pubertal group than in females in the prepubertal group. No significant differences were noted in the ovarian or uterine dimensions between the prepubertal and early pubertal groups. There was significant overlap in ovarian and uterine volumes among females in all three groups. CONCLUSION: Contrary to leuprolide stimulation, pelvic ultrasonography alone cannot distinguish between prepubertal females and those in the early stages of puberty.
Growth hormone (GH) retesting and auxological data in 131 GH-deficient patients after completion of treatment.$$$ GH state and auxological data after completion of GH therapy are reported in 131 patients (79 males, 52 females). They were treated from 1980-1994 for partial (n = 98) or complete (n = 33) GH deficiency (GHD), either idiopathic (n = 121) or organic (n = 10). A single stimulation test (clonidine+betaxolol) was used, and only 50 patients (38%) maintained a blunted response (GH peak below 10 micrograms/L). Although 9 of the 10 patients with organic GHD had an abnormal low GH peak, 67% of patients with idiopathic GHD normalized their GH secretion. This was particularly true of partial GHD patients (71% vs. 36% of complete GH-deficient patients). Based on a retest GH peak below 5 micrograms/L, only 23% of the patients were considered to be GH deficient and therefore candidates for GH treatment during adulthood. We found no significant difference between hormonal state at completion of treatment and initial GH deficiency, pubertal state, or sex, although we did find a significantly lower GH peak value before and after treatment in patients with elevated body mass index. Of the 14 obese children who were treated, 50% had an abnormally low serum insulin-like growth factor-I level, arguing for true GHD, and only two children remained obese at cessation of treatment. Auxological data showed that with a mean duration of treatment of 3.6 +/- 2.0 yr, patients classified as having complete GHD before treatment had significantly greater catch-up growth as expressed in SDS for height than patients with partial GHD (0.6 +/- 1.1 vs. 1.1 +/- 0.7 SDS, P < 0.05), and that boys grew better than girls (1.4 +/- 0.8 vs. 1.6 +/- 0.6 SDS) for height, P < 0.01). That catch-up growth was not correlated with the result of GH peak after cessation of treatment. FAU - Tauber, M
Effects of preterm birth and fetal growth retardation on life-course cardiovascular risk factors among schoolchildren from Colombia: The FUPRECOL study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Both fetal growth restriction and prematurity have been associated with cardiometabolic risk in youth and adults, however, data on their combined effects on cardiometabolic health in youth are scarce. AIMS: This study aimed at assessing the effects of birth weight and gestational age combined on life-course cardiovascular risk factors and obesity among schoolchildren from Colombia. STUDY DESIGN: A cross-sectional study. SUBJECTS: Participants comprised 2510 Colombian schoolchildren (54.8% girls) aged 9-17.9years. OUTCOME MEASURES: Four groups were created according to WHO criteria: those born at term with an appropriate birth weight (≥2500g to ≤4000g) for gestational age (term AGA); those born preterm (<37 to <42 completed weeks) with an appropriate birth weight for gestational age (preterm AGA); those born at term with low birth weight for gestational age (term SGA); and those born preterm with low birth weight for gestational age (preterm SGA). Anthropometric markers (body mass, height, waist circumference, and body mass index), blood pressure, lipids profile, fasting glucose, and pubertal stage were assessed. The prevalence of metabolic syndrome was determined by de Ferranti definition. RESULTS: There were differences between the 4 groups for calendar age (p=0.011), body mass (p=0.001), height (p=0.001), and body mass index (p=0.027). Overall, preterm SGA group had a greater risk for having elevated fasting glucose and metabolic syndrome (total sample and in boys) compared with term AGA group (p<0.05). For other cardiovascular risk factors, no significant relationships were observed based on birth characteristics. CONCLUSIONS: School-age children and adolescents with combined fetal growth restriction and prematurity exhibited an increased prevalence of glucose risk and metabolic syndrome.
Treated and untreated women with idiopathic precocious puberty: BMI evolution, metabolic outcome, and general health between third and fifth decades.$$$ CONTEXT: Central precocious puberty (CPP) may have clinical implications in adulthood. OBJECTIVE: To assess the prevalence of obesity, metabolic outcome (hyperlipidemia, diabetes, and hypertension), and malignancy rate of former CPP women between the third and fifth decades of life. DESIGN: This was a case control study of a historical cohort using the computerized database of a health management organization. SETTING: The setting was the Institute for Endocrinology and Diabetes, Schneider Children's Medical Center of Israel, and Clalit Health Services. PARTICIPANTS: The study group comprised of 142 CPP women aged 27-50 years [100 GnRH analog (GnRHa) treated; 42 untreated]. The control group comprised of 413 women randomly matched for age, year of birth, and community clinic (283 for the GnRHa treated; 130 for the untreated). METHODS: Extracted from the database were demographic data, medical history, medications dispensed, recorded anthropometric measurements, vital signs, and laboratory data. RESULTS: At young adulthood, body mass index (percentile and distribution) of treated and untreated former CPP women was comparable to that of their respective controls. Elevated body mass index at presentation was a risk factor for obesity in adulthood in the GnRHa-treated group (r = 0.257; P = .01). The prevalence of metabolic comorbidities (16 vs 13.4%; 21.4 vs 24.6%) and malignancy rate (1.0 vs 1.5%; 4.8 vs 1.5%) were similar in the former CPP women and their controls, with no significant difference between CPP groups. CONCLUSION: CPP (treated or untreated) is not associated with increased risk of obesity, metabolic derangements, or cancer morbidities in young adulthood. The finding that the health status of former CPP women is similar to that of the general population is reassuring. FAU - Lazar, Liora
Growth hormone insensitivity: Mexican case report. LID - 10.1530/EDM-17-0126 [doi] LID - 17-0126$$$ Herein, we present a 14-year-old patient with short stature (134 cm) referred from Paediatrics to our department for complementary evaluation since growth hormone (GH) treatment failed to show any improvement. He was born premature and small for gestational age. Genital examination classified the patient as Tanner I-II with small penis and testicular size for his age. Biochemical analyses revealed normal GH levels with low serum insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1). Molecular diagnosis confirmed several mutations in IGF1R and IGFALS, and so he was diagnosed with Laron Syndrome or GH insensibility and treated with IGF-1 substitutive therapy. LEARNING POINTS: Evaluation of the GH/IGF-1 axis when short stature does not respond to conservative treatment must be included in the ordinary practice.Laron Syndrome real incidence should be calculated once undiagnosed cases arise, as treatment, due to lack of market, is unaffordable.Even when adulthood is reached, and no longitudinal growth can be achieved, still IGF-1 treatment in Laron Syndrome patients should be pursued as metabolic and protective derangements could arise. FAU - Castilla-Cortazar, I
Short children born small for gestational age and treated with growth hormone for three years have an important catch-down five years after discontinuation of treatment.$$$ The potential benefits of GH treatment, resulting in a significant height gain in children born small for gestational age (SGA), have been well documented for the last 10-15 yr. There is, however, no consensus on how to treat patients to attain a normal adult height. We have previously reported in a controlled study that recombinant human GH (1.4 IU/kg.wk or 0.47 mg/kg.wk) given daily induces an important increase in height velocity (HV) in young SGA children with severe short stature. Consequently, a total gain of 2 SD score (SDS) in height resulted in a mean height of -1.3 +/- 0.8 SDS after 3 yr of treatment. The aim of the present report was to assess the consequences of interruption of GH treatment during a 5-yr follow-up period on HV, height, bone age (BA), puberty, and glucose tolerance in SGA children. There was a dramatic decrease of HV SDS, especially evident during the early part of the observation period, with a loss of 3.9 HV SDS during the first year. After 5 yr off treatment, mean HSDS was -2.2 +/- 1.2, still above the pretreatment level (P < 0.0001). Consequently, the interruption of GH administration resulted in a reduction of 1 SDS in height. However, BA did not advance more than 4 yr, and the ratio Delta BA/Delta chronological age at follow-up was similar to pretreatment values. Sixty percent of the children started puberty during the follow-up, and the chronological age and BA at the onset of puberty were 11.4 +/- 1.0 yr and 10.9 +/- 0.5 yr in girls, and 12.1 +/- 1.4 yr and 11.3 +/- 1.1 yr in boys, respectively. Oral glucose tolerance testing after 1 yr and up to several years after discontinuation of GH therapy showed only minor, variable, and inconclusive changes in glucose tolerance. In conclusion, we have shown that tolerance and safety data during and after GH treatment continue to be reassuring. A reduction of HV SDS and height SDS 5 yr after interruption of GH therapy is a strong argument for a continuous GH treatment or a discontinuous treatment with short fall-off intervals at least until puberty. FAU - Fjellestad-Paulsen, Anne
Recombinant growth hormone therapy for prepubertal children with idiopathic short stature in Korea: a phase III randomized trial.$$$ PURPOSE: Several studies have evaluated the effects of growth hormone (GH) on auxological and biochemical parameters in children with non-GH-deficient, idiopathic short stature (ISS). This study evaluated the efficacy and safety of Growtropin(®)-II (recombinant human GH) in Korean patients with ISS. METHODS: This was a 1-year, open-label, multicenter, phase III randomized trial of Growtropin(®)-II in Korean patients with ISS. In total, 70 prepubertal subjects (39 males, 31 females) between 4 and 12 years of age were included in the study. All patients were naive to GH treatment. RESULTS: Annual height velocity was significantly higher in the treatment group (10.68 ± 1.95 cm/year) than the control group (5.72 ± 1.72, p < 0.001). Increases in height and weight standard deviation scores (SDSs) at 26 weeks were 0.63 ± 0.16 and 0.64 ± 0.46, respectively, for the treatment group, and 0.06 ± 0.15 and 0.06 ± 0.28, respectively, for the control group (p < 0.001). Serum insulin-like growth factor (IGF-1) and insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) increased significantly in the treatment group at week 26 compared to baseline. However, the SDS for body mass index (BMI) at 26 weeks did not change significantly in either group. Growtropin(®)-II was well tolerated and safe over 1 year of treatment. CONCLUSIONS: One-year GH treatment for prepubertal children with ISS demonstrated increased annualized velocity, height and weight SDSs, and IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 levels, with a favorable safety profile. Further evaluations are needed to determine the optimal dose, final adult height, and long-term effects of ISS treatment. FAU - Kim, J
Testicular function in boys previously treated with recombinant-human growth hormone for non-growth hormone-deficient short stature.$$$ Data on the effects of recombinant human GH (hGH) therapy during male puberty on future testis function are still inconclusive. The aim of this study was to investigate the long-term effects of recombinant hGH treatment on reproductive function in non-GH-deficient short stature boys. Eight boys with non-GH-deficient short stature, affected by constitutional delay of puberty or idiopathic short stature, were retrospectively studied after recombinant-hGH treatment to verify gonadal development, hormone production and semen quality. Auxological data, endocrinological/ andrological parameters and laboratory evaluation (GH, IGF-I, FSH, LH, testosterone, inhibin B) were assessed before treatment; after completion of pubertal development, the same parameters plus SHBG levels were evaluated and a seminal fluid examination was conducted (ejaculate volume, pH, sperm concentration, total sperm count, forward and total motility, morphology). All patients showed normal testicular volume at the final pubertal stage, with regular androgenization. Hormonal levels were within the normal adult range in all boys. Considering the immature reproductive system of these patients in comparison with adults, semen parameters (sperm count, motility, and morphology) were within almost normal limits, except in one patient. Although patients showed the wide fluctuation of semen values frequently observed at the end of puberty, the hypophysis-gonadal axis hormones were in the normal range in all adolescents. Pathological measurements of some seminal parameters were found in one patient only. This study suggests that recombinant hGH treatment has no detrimental effects on the development and maturation of male gonadal function in non- GH deficient short stature young patients. FAU - Radicioni, A F
IL-6, IL-8 and IL-10 levels in healthy weight and overweight children.$$$ BACKGROUND/AIM: In adults, studies have shown that obesity is a chronic low-grade inflammatory state characterized by altered levels of cytokines. Studies in children have mainly focused on C-reactive protein and adiponectin, and there is limited data for other inflammatory markers in healthy weight and overweight children. The aim of this study was to measure IL-6, IL-8 and IL-10 levels in healthy normal weight and overweight children at 8 and 15 years. METHODS: 118 normal weight and overweight children (59 boys) from the Nepean longitudinal study were recruited at age 8 years and followed up at 15 years. Serum IL-6, IL-8 and IL-10 levels were measured at both time-points. RESULTS: At 8 years, we found no significant differences in cytokine levels between normal weight and overweight (owt)/obese (ob) groups. However, at 15 years, owt/ob girls (n = 23) had higher levels of IL-6 (p = 0.04), IL-8 (p = 0.04) and IL-10 (p = 0.03) compared to normal weight girls (n = 36), even after adjustment for puberty; no differences were seen in boys. CONCLUSION: The effects of obesity on IL-6, IL-8 and IL-10 levels vary with age and sex, with owt/ob girls at 15 years showing raised IL-6, IL-8 and IL-10 levels compared to healthy weight girls.
Body mass index and waist circumference: relationship to cardiometabolic risk factors in children--Busselton Health Study 2005-2007.$$$ AIM: This study aims to analyse the continuous relationship of each cardiometabolic risk factor with body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference percentiles in a population-based sample of children. METHODS: A cross-sectional sample of 996 school children aged 6-16.9 years in Busselton, Western Australia, (2005-2007) had anthropometry and fasting blood tests for total cholesterol, high density lipoprotein, low density lipoprotein, triglycerides, glucose, insulin, high-sensitive C-reactive protein, liver function tests and adiponectin. Age- and menarche (for girls)-adjusted means of each risk factor were related to BMI and waist circumference centiles across the full normal-overweight-obese range. RESULTS: The correlations between BMI and waist circumference (boys 0.91 and girls 0.91) and between BMI z-score and waist z-score (boys 0.80 and girls 0.82) were high. An increase in insulin across all centile groups (for BMI and waist circumference) was found in both sexes. An increase was found for diastolic blood pressure and systolic blood pressure z-score, high density lipoprotein, high-sensitive C-reactive protein, alanine transaminase and gamma-glutamyltransferase in only the centile groups >85% for BMI and waist circumference for both sexes. Mixed and sex-discordant results were found for triglycerides, adiponectin and glucose. CONCLUSION: There are important differences in the relationships between increasing BMI/adiposity, and each comorbidity and these relationships can differ between boys and girls. This information has implications for screening and management of adiposity-related cardiometabolic risk factors in children and for public health initiatives to reduce future burden of cardiovascular disease.
Growth response to an individualized versus fixed dose GH treatment in short children born small for gestational age: the OPTIMA study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Initial GH-induced catch up growth is highly variable in short children born small for gestational age (SGA) and mainly influenced by age at start of therapy and GH dose. This study compared the first year growth-promoting effect of an individually adjusted GH dose (IAD) versus a fixed high GH dose (FHD) in pre-pubertal children born SGA with severe short stature. DESIGN: This was a randomized, open-label, multi-center study. METHODS: The FHD group received 0.067 mg/kg per day GH throughout the 12-month study. The IAD group initially received 0.035 mg/kg per day GH; at 3 months the Cologne growth-prediction model for first year change in height SDS was applied; if predicted change was <0.75, GH was increased to 0.067 mg/kg per day for the remaining 9 months, otherwise the initial dose was continued. RESULTS: In the IAD group, 38 out of the 80 patients required the higher GH dose from month 3. From an ANCOVA for non-inferiority, mean difference in change in height SDS between IAD and FHD groups was -0.24 (95% confidence interval (CI) -0.35: -0.12), the CI for height SDS being above the pre-defined non-inferiority margin of -0.5. GH dose reductions due to IGF-I SDS >0.5 and IGFBP-3 SDS <-0.5 were performed in 4/99 FHD patients, but none of the IAD group patients. Safety data were similar between groups. CONCLUSION: With a mean treatment group difference of 1 cm in 12-month growth response, although statistically significant, the IAD group was considered non-inferior compared with the FHD group. Early growth prediction can be used to tailor the dose to the individual patient's needs, resulting in lower overall GH dose. FAU - Jung, Heike
Effects of three different medications on metabolic parameters and testicular volume in patients with hypogonadotropic hypogonadism: 3-year experience.$$$ INTRODUCTION: The aim of this study was to demonstrate the influences of three different treatment strategies on biochemical parameters and testicular volume (TV) in patients with idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (IHH). SUBJECTS DESIGN AND METHODS: Seventy-seven never-treated patients with IHH and age and body mass index (BMI)-matched 42 healthy controls were analysed in a retrospective design. Twenty-eight patients were treated with testosterone esters (TE), 25 patients were treated with human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) and 24 patients were treated with testosterone gel (TG). Biochemical parameters, tanner stages (TS) and TV were evaluated before and after 6 months of treatment. RESULTS: Pretreatment TV, TS and biochemical test results were similar among the three treatment subgroup. In the TE-treated group, BMI, haemoglobin, haematocrit, creatinine, triglyceride, total testosterone (TT), TS and TV increased, but HDL-cholesterol (C) and urea level decreased significantly. In the hCG-treated group, triglyceride level decreased, and luteinizing hormone level, TS and TV increased significantly. BMI, TT, TS and TV increased, and leucocyte count, total-C, HDL-C levels decreased significantly in the TG-treated patients. No treatment type resulted in any changes in insulin resistance markers. CONCLUSION: hCG treatment resulted in favourable effects particularly on TV and lipid parameters. When TV improvement is considered less important, TG treatment may be a better option for older patients with IHH because of its easy use, neutral effects on triglyceride, haemoglobin and haematocrit, and its beneficial effects on total cholesterol level.
Normal weight metabolically unhealthy phenotype in youth: Do definitions matter?$$$ BACKGROUND: Normal weight metabolically unhealthy (NWMU) adults are at increased risk of cardiometabolic disease, however, little is known regarding NWMU children. OBJECTIVES: We examined the associations between existing definitions of NWMU in children aged 8 to 10 years and insulin sensitivity (IS) and secretion 2 years later. METHODS: Data stem from the Quebec Adipose and Lifestyle InvesTigation in Youth (QUALITY) cohort of 630 Caucasian youth, 8 to 10 years old at baseline, with at least one obese biological parent. Of these, 322 normal weight children were classified as NWMU using four definitions. At 10 to 12 years, IS was measured with the Matsuda-insulin sensitivity index; insulin secretion was measured with the ratio of the area under the curve (AUC) of insulin to the AUC of glucose over a 2-hour oral glucose tolerance test. Multiple linear regression models were used. RESULTS: Because few children met the existing definitions of metabolic syndrome, associations were examined for less stringent definitions (eg, having two vs no risk factors). At baseline, IS was lower in NWMU children compared to children with no risk factors (virtually all definitions). Moreover, after 2 years, IS was 14.4-19.3% lower in NWMU children with one or more risk factors, and up to 29.7% lower in those with two or more risk factors compared to those with none. Insulin secretion was not predicted by components of the metabolic syndrome. CONCLUSION: Existing definitions of NWMU youth performed relatively similarly in predicting IS as youth entered puberty. Children with one or more components of metabolic syndrome-even when of normal weight-have significantly lower IS over time.
Appraising the role of previously reported risk factors in epithelial ovarian cancer risk: A Mendelian randomization analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Various risk factors have been associated with epithelial ovarian cancer risk in observational epidemiological studies. However, the causal nature of the risk factors reported, and thus their suitability as effective intervention targets, is unclear given the susceptibility of conventional observational designs to residual confounding and reverse causation. Mendelian randomization (MR) uses genetic variants as proxies for risk factors to strengthen causal inference in observational studies. We used MR to evaluate the association of 12 previously reported risk factors (reproductive, anthropometric, clinical, lifestyle, and molecular factors) with risk of invasive epithelial ovarian cancer, invasive epithelial ovarian cancer histotypes, and low malignant potential tumours. METHODS AND FINDINGS: Genetic instruments to proxy 12 risk factors were constructed by identifying single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) that were robustly (P < 5 × 10-8) and independently associated with each respective risk factor in previously reported genome-wide association studies. These risk factors included genetic liability to 3 factors (endometriosis, polycystic ovary syndrome, type 2 diabetes) scaled to reflect a 50% higher odds liability to disease. We obtained summary statistics for the association of these SNPs with risk of overall and histotype-specific invasive epithelial ovarian cancer (22,406 cases; 40,941 controls) and low malignant potential tumours (3,103 cases; 40,941 controls) from the Ovarian Cancer Association Consortium (OCAC). The OCAC dataset comprises 63 genotyping project/case-control sets with participants of European ancestry recruited from 14 countries (US, Australia, Belarus, Germany, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, Norway, Canada, Poland, UK, Spain, Netherlands, and Sweden). SNPs were combined into multi-allelic inverse-variance-weighted fixed or random effects models to generate effect estimates and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Three complementary sensitivity analyses were performed to examine violations of MR assumptions: MR-Egger regression and weighted median and mode estimators. A Bonferroni-corrected P value threshold was used to establish strong evidence (P < 0.0042) and suggestive evidence (0.0042 < P < 0.05) for associations. In MR analyses, there was strong or suggestive evidence that 2 of the 12 risk factors were associated with invasive epithelial ovarian cancer and 8 of the 12 were associated with 1 or more invasive epithelial ovarian cancer histotypes. There was strong evidence that genetic liability to endometriosis was associated with an increased risk of invasive epithelial ovarian cancer (odds ratio [OR] per 50% higher odds liability: 1.10, 95% CI 1.06-1.15; P = 6.94 × 10-7) and suggestive evidence that lifetime smoking exposure was associated with an increased risk of invasive epithelial ovarian cancer (OR per unit increase in smoking score: 1.36, 95% CI 1.04-1.78; P = 0.02). In analyses examining histotypes and low malignant potential tumours, the strongest associations found were between height and clear cell carcinoma (OR per SD increase: 1.36, 95% CI 1.15-1.61; P = 0.0003); age at natural menopause and endometrioid carcinoma (OR per year later onset: 1.09, 95% CI 1.02-1.16; P = 0.007); and genetic liability to polycystic ovary syndrome and endometrioid carcinoma (OR per 50% higher odds liability: 0.89, 95% CI 0.82-0.96; P = 0.002). There was little evidence for an association of genetic liability to type 2 diabetes, parity, or circulating levels of 25-hydroxyvitamin D and sex hormone binding globulin with ovarian cancer or its subtypes. The primary limitations of this analysis include the modest statistical power for analyses of risk factors in relation to some less common ovarian cancer histotypes (low grade serous, mucinous, and clear cell carcinomas), the inability to directly examine the association of some ovarian cancer risk factors that did not have robust genetic variants available to serve as proxies (e.g., oral contraceptive use, hormone replacement therapy), and the assumption of linear relationships between risk factors and ovarian cancer risk. CONCLUSIONS: Our comprehensive examination of possible aetiological drivers of ovarian carcinogenesis using germline genetic variants to proxy risk factors supports a role for few of these factors in invasive epithelial ovarian cancer overall and suggests distinct aetiologies across histotypes. The identification of novel risk factors remains an important priority for the prevention of epithelial ovarian cancer. FAU - Yarmolinsky, James
Prepubertal gynaecomastia: aetiology, course and outcome.$$$ BACKGROUND: Palpable and measurable glandular breast tissue is a rare finding in prepubertal boys and warrants thorough evaluation to rule out an underlying pathology. OBJECTIVE: To characterize the course and outcome of prepubertal gynaecomastia, examine its effect on puberty, and try to identify its underlying cause. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Twenty-nine out of 581 (5%) boys referred to our clinic for evaluation of gynaecomastia between 1980 and 2000 were prepubertal at diagnosis. Data on age at appearance of gynaecomastia, general and endocrine evaluation, course of growth and puberty, and treatment were collected from the medical files. RESULTS: Prepubertal gynaecomastia was diagnosed at mean age of 8.9 +/- 2.2 years. In 27 of the 29 boys (93.2%) no underlying cause was identified. The remaining two boys (6.8%) had hyperaromatase syndrome. Nine boys (31%) were obese. Spontaneous resolution was recorded in six boys (20.5%), no change in 15 (52%), and further breast enlargement in eight (including the two with hyperaromatase syndrome) (27.5%). Accelerated growth and bone maturation rates were noted only in the two boys with hyperaromatase syndrome. Pubertal onset was documented in 13 boys at 11.8 +/- 1.1 years. CONCLUSIONS: According to our large single tertiary care centre experience, 5% of boys referred for evaluation of gynaecomastia were prepubertal. The development of gynaecomastia was the only abnormality and was not associated with other pubertal signs or accelerated growth rate. In most cases, the gynaecomastia was idiopathic. Further prospective studies are needed to evaluate the pathophysiological mechanisms responsible for this phenomenon. FAU - Einav-Bachar, R
Prevalence and Risk Factors of Osteoporosis Among Jordanian Postmenopausal Women Attending the National Center for Diabetes, Endocrinology and Genetics in Jordan.$$$ To assess the prevalence of osteoporosis and osteopenia among Jordanian postmenopausal women attending the National Center for Diabetes, Endocrinology, and Genetics (NCDEG), and to determine the potential associated risk factors. A cross-sectional study was conducted at (NCDEG) in Amman, Jordan. A total of 1079 Jordanian postmenopausal women aged between 45 and 84 years were included in this study that was conducted during the period between April 2013 and December 2014. All patients underwent bone mineral density measurement through dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DEXA) scan. DEXA scan was interpreted in terms of T score as per World Health Organization guidelines. The overall prevalence of osteoporosis and osteopenia was 37.5% and 44.6%, respectively. The maximum prevalence of osteoporosis was observed at the lumbar spine (32.4%) followed by the left femoral neck (14.4%), while the maximum prevalence of osteopenia was observed at the left femoral neck (56.1%) followed by the lumbar spine (41.3%). Patients with longer menopausal duration, normal or overweight body mass index, high parity, physical inactivity, positive family history of osteoporosis, inadequate sun exposure, high daily caffeine intake, low daily calcium intake, and delay in the age of menarche were all positively associated with osteoporosis. On the other hand, women with type 2 diabetes mellitus had lower risk of osteoporosis. There is a high prevalence of osteoporosis and osteopenia among Jordanian postmenopausal women. Necessary steps are needed for more public education and a wider dissemination of information about osteoporosis and its prevention. FAU - Hyassat, Dana
The endocrine outcome after surgical removal of craniopharyngiomas.$$$ The postoperative course of children undergoing surgery for craniopharyngioma was reviewed. Typically they were below height at presentation. All had an attempt at radical surgical resection of the tumor. Most developed diabetes insipidus in the postoperative period, which was permanent in all but 1 child. 94% required thyroid replacement therapy, and sex steroids were administered in 100% when they reached the age of puberty. 91% required maintenance corticosteroids. 54% required growth hormone replacement, but some children showed continued growth despite apparent growth hormone deficiency. Postoperative obesity develops in one half of patients, and may be improved with administration of growth hormone; a controlled trial is underway. FAU - Curtis, J
A novel mutation in IGFALS, c.380T>C (p.L127P), associated with short stature, delayed puberty, osteopenia and hyperinsulinaemia in two siblings: insights into the roles of insulin growth factor-1 (IGF1).$$$ BACKGROUND: The acid-labile subunit (ALS) protein is crucial for maintaining the circulating IGF/IGFBP system. Inactivating mutations of IGFALS result in IGF1 deficiency associated with growth retardation. Although the first IGFALS mutation in humans was described in 2004, only 16 mutations have been reported since. Moreover, the phenotype of affected patients as a consequence of ALS deficiency is still highly variable. We assessed whether children with idiopathic short stature (ISS) harbour mutations in IGFALS and characterized affected patients' phenotype. DESIGN: Sixty-five children with ISS were enrolled in the study. Serum ALS levels were measured by ELISA, and IGFALS was sequenced. RESULTS: A novel homozygous mutation in IGFALS, c.380T>C (p.L127P), was identified in two siblings of a consanguineous family. The proband, a 17·75-year-old male, was -1·9 SDS in height and -4·5 SDS in weight. Exaggerated stimulated GH (38 ng/ml) and extremely low IGF1 and IGFBP3 (<25 and <500 ng/ml, respectively) indicated GH insensitivity. Both affected siblings had low or no ALS (43 and 0 mU/ml, respectively). They were also mildly small for gestational age, severely underweight and showed osteopenia, insulin insensitivity and delayed and slow puberty progression. CONCLUSIONS: Acid-labile subunit deficiency due to IGFALS mutations is a rare cause of growth retardation in children. The unique combination of features presented by the two affected siblings emphasizes the important role of IGF1 in bone formation, insulin regulation and the pubertal process, in addition to its crucial effect on growth. Long-term follow-up is indicated since the clinical outcome with respect to osteoporosis, diabetes mellitus and fertility has not been recognized.
Effects of body weight and nutrition on mammary protein expression profiles in Holstein heifers.$$$ A proteomics approach was used to characterize biochemical and cellular mechanisms governing effects of peripubertal feeding on heifer mammary development. Mammary parenchymal tissue from 24 Holstein heifers randomly assigned to treatments arranged in a 2 x 2 factorial design was used to generate 2-dimensional protein maps of mammary tissue extracts. Heifers were reared on 1 of 2 dietary treatments, restricted (650 g/ d of daily gain) or elevated (950 g/d of daily gain) and killed at 1 of 2 body weights (BW, 200 or 350 kg). Cytosolic mammary gland extracts were prepared from frozen mammary parenchyma. Proteome maps of extracts were constructed using PDQuest software. Densities of 820 protein spots were analyzed using the MIXED procedure of SAS. Protein spots were characterized by changes in profiles of expression in response to increased BW, dietary treatment, or both. Dietary treatment influenced the expression of 131 protein spots, whereas heifer BW influenced the expression of 108 spots. The 22 most highly influenced (statistically) spots were excised and submitted for mass spectrometric analyses. Returned protein names and accession numbers were used in National Center for Biotechnology Information database searches to obtain information on the identified proteins. For example, one of the proteins that differed by dietary treatment, transferrin, a binding protein of insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3, was identified via these methods. Possible roles of this and other proteins in mammary development are described. We concluded that a proteomic approach is an effective tool for identifying the proteins involved in bovine mammary development. FAU - Daniels, K M
Epicardial Fat Thickness in Non-Obese Neurologically Impaired Children: Association with Unfavorable Cardiometabolic Risk Profile.$$$ BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular risk is reported in disabled children and epicardial fat (EF) is considered an independent predictor of cardiovascular disease (CVD). No data on the EF thickness (EFT) evaluation in disabled children have been published. OBJECTIVE: We investigated EFT in neurologically impaired (NI) children; its relationship with their metabolic profile was also considered. METHODS: Clinical data, body composition estimation, biochemical profile, and ultrasound-measured EFT were performed in 32 disabled patients (12.4 ± 6.3 years). Pathological parameters were defined using the following criteria: waist circumference >95th percentile, waist to height ratio (WHtR) >0.5, total cholesterol and triglycerides (TG) values >95th percentile, high density lipoprotein cholesterol <5th percentile, fasting blood glucose >100 mg/dL, homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA) >97.5th percentile, and EFT >3.6 mm. RESULTS: EFT values in NI children were higher compared with control group values (p = 0.02). EFT correlated with gender (p < 0.001), age (p = 0.02), pubertal stage (p = 0.04), as well as WHtR (p = 0.03). A correlation between EFT and leptin was also noted (p = 0.04). EFT levels significantly correlated with pathological TG (p = 0.01) and HOMA-IR (p = 0.04). CONCLUSIONS: Higher EFT was observed in NI children compared with controls. EFT values correlated with clinical, metabolic, and endocrinological parameters. Ultrasound-measured EFT could be used to promptly detect subclinical CVD and to prevent adverse outcomes in disabled children.
[Transient complete somatotropin insufficiency. A retrospective study].$$$ Two groups of patients with short stature and a limitation in the growth hormone (GH) response (peaks of 10 mU/l or below in response to 2 stimuli) differed by their GH responses at puberty: normalisation in group 1 (12 patients) and lack of normalisation in group 2 (13 patients). The condition of the patients of group 1 appeared to be less severe as judged by their initial height deficiency, their growth velocity and their GH peaks. Sex steroid hormone priming tests were highly discriminative, especially for the GH response to insulin stimulation. Other pituirary hormone deficiencies were never found in group 1, but did occur in group 2. Finally the beneficial long term effect of hGH therapy was questionable in group 1 in that there was no difference between the final heights of the treated (n = 7) and the untreated (n = 5) patients. FAU - Weill, J
Association of lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A₂ activity with components of the metabolic syndrome in apparently healthy boys.$$$ BACKGROUND: Lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A(2) (Lp-PLA(2)) has been proposed as a biomarker of risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). OBJECTIVE: To determine the association between Lp-PLA(2) activity and BMI, insulin-resistance, components of the metabolic syndrome (MS), and lifestyle behaviors in healthy adolescent boys. METHODS: Data were collected cross-sectionally from 164 adolescents from an amateur rugby club. BMI, blood pressure (BP), Tanner stages, glucose, insulin, lipids, and Lp-PLA(2) activity were measured. Questionnaires for lifestyle behaviors were completed. RESULTS: Approximately 26% of the adolescents were obese and 23% overweight. There was a univariate association between Lp-PLA(2) and BMI (r=0.16;p=0.042), triglycerides (r=0.26;p=0.001), LDL-C (r=0.46;p<0.001), apo B (r=0.55;p<0.001), whereas waist circumference , BP, glucose, HOMA-IR, and HDL-C were not correlated. None of the lifestyle behaviors were significantly correlated with Lp-PLA(2). In order to analyze Lp-PLA(2) association with known CVD risk conditions, adolescents were categorized according to overweight/obesity and to the presence of metabolic syndrome. Conversely, as it was for LDL-C and apo B concentration, Lp-PLA(2) activity was not higher in adolescents with obesity. Multiple regression analysis showed that apo B was significantly associated with Lp-PLA(2) adjusted for age, BMI, triglycerides and LDL-C (R2=0.32). CONCLUSION: Lp-PLA(2) activity was only associated with apo B adjusted for several confounding variables, suggesting that its clinical utility to identify individuals at risk for CVD does not surpass LDL-C and apo B in healthy adolescents. As plaque morphology may change with age, associations of Lp-PLA(2) with CVD may likewise vary with age. FAU - Hirschler, Valeria
Effects of sport (football) on growth: auxological, anthropometric and hormonal aspects.$$$ There are very few data available on the relationship between sporting activities, endocrine levels and changes in anthropometric measurements during growth. In order to study these relationships, we have made measurements of growth, changes in physical conformation and the plasma levels of several hormones [cortisol, dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate (DHEA-S), testosterone, growth hormone, somatomedin C, insulin, glycaemia and haemoglobin A1C] in 175 boys, aged 10-16 years, who have played football at a competitive level and in 224 boys, severing as controls, who have never performed sporting activities regularly. The football players were divided into prepubertal and pubertal subjects (10-11.99 years, 12-13.99 years and 14-16 years, chronological and bone age groups). Our results showed no significant differences in the growth indices between prepubertal athletes and controls, but the plasma level of DHEA-S was significantly higher (P less than 0.05) in the athletes. Pubertal football players, however, were significantly taller than the control subjects, particularly at 14-16 years chronological age. There were no such significant differences when bone age was considered. The pubertal football players were also more advanced in all biological indices of maturity, i.e. pubic hair, testicular volume and bone age. The increase in DHEA-S in pubertal football players, already seen in prepubertals, was also combined with a significant increase in testosterone, growth hormone and cortisol levels. Thus, in football players the DHEA-S level is already higher during prepuberty. This increase thus precedes all other indices of growth and maturation associated with puberty. We hypothesize that, while not excluding the possible influence of selection, as ours is a cross-sectional study, adrenal hyperactivity may be mainly responsible for the earlier onset of pubertal growth and maturity in exercising males. FAU - Cacciari, E
Serum lipids and apolipoproteins from 1 to 15 years: changes with age and puberty, and relationships with diet, parental cholesterol and family history of ischaemic heart disease.$$$ We describe the pattern of change for serum lipids and apolipoproteins from 1 to 15 years of age in a cohort of 128 children, supplemented with 215 children from 11 years of age and 243 at 13 years of age. Total cholesterol (TC) decreased after infancy, increased in early puberty and then decreased to 15 years of age. Reciprocal changes in high (HDLC) and low (LDLC) density lipoprotein cholesterol occurred during each interval, with HDLC increasing from 13 to 15 years in both sexes. The correlation for TC between children of both sexes and mothers and fathers varied from 0.1 to 0.28 at 2-13 years. At 15 years of age the correlation between mothers: daughters increased to 0.31, decreased to 0.19 for fathers: daughters, but no association was present between either parent and their sons. There were no differences in mean lipid values for the sample grouped according to the extent of family history of early ischaemic heart disease (before 60 years of age). There were few significant associations between serum lipids, energy and nutrients. At 15 years of age inverse associations were present between TC and energy, protein, sugar, starch and fibre intakes, and a positive association with total fat intake. FAU - Boulton, T J
Bone mineral density assessment in children with inflammatory bowel disease.$$$ BACKGROUND & AIMS: Children with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) are at risk for osteoporosis because of undernutrition, delayed puberty, and prolonged corticosteroid use. The aim of this study was to compare bone mineral density (BMD) in children with IBD with that in normal children and to assess the effects of nutritional and hormonal factors and corticosteroid dosages on BMD. METHODS: One hundred sixty-two subjects (99 with IBD and 63 healthy sibling controls) were enrolled. Patients underwent anthropometric assessment, pubertal staging, bone age radiography, and BMD assessment by dual energy x-ray absorptiometry of the lumbar spine, femoral neck, and radius. Laboratory evaluations included serum calcium, phosphate, alkaline phosphatase, 25-hydroxyvitamin D, 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D, parathyroid hormone, osteocalcin, urinary N-telopeptides, albumin, insulin-like growth factor I, and testosterone or estradiol. Cumulative corticosteroid doses were calculated. RESULTS: BMD Z scores at the lumbar spine and femoral neck were lower in patients with IBD, and lower in those with Crohn's disease compared with those with ulcerative colitis. Low BMD persisted after correction for bone age in girls with Crohn's disease (lumbar spine, P = 0.004; femoral neck, P = 0.002). Cumulative corticosteroid dose was a significant predictor of reduced BMD. BMD did not correlate with measures of calcium homeostasis, except elevated serum phosphate and urine calcium levels in girls. CONCLUSIONS: Low BMD occurs in children with IBD (more in Crohn's disease than in ulcerative colitis), especially pubertal and postpubertal girls. Cumulative corticosteroid dose is a predictor of low BMD, but other factors in Crohn's disease remain undetermined. FAU - Gokhale, R
Increased fracture rates in Turner's syndrome: a nationwide questionnaire survey.$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Reduced bone mineral content (BMC) and bone mineral density (BMD) have previously been reported in Turner's syndrome, although appropriate GH treatment and early induction of puberty seem to permit normal bone mass accumulation. Furthermore, an increased risk of fractures and osteoporosis have been reported in a registry study. The aim of the present study was to further characterize the risk of fractures in TS and to explore risk factors, in a historical follow-up survey based on a self-administered questionnaire. STUDY GROUPS: The questionnaire was issued to all females with TS (n = 632) in Denmark and to 1888 randomly selected controls (C) matched for age and geographical region. A total of 322 patients (51%) and 1169 controls (62%) returned the questionnaire. RESULTS: TS women were younger than C (30 years, range: 1-73 years vs. 34 years, range 2-82 years, P < 0.0005), smoked less often (17%vs. 27%, P < 0.0005), and had less frequent spontaneous menstruation (18%vs. 86%, P < 0.0005). In contrast, they used hormonal replacement therapy (HRT) more often (71%vs. 7%, P < 0.0005). The median age at start of HRT was 16 years (range 8-59 years) in TS vs. 42 years (range 12-53 years) in C (P < 0.0005). Above the age of 15 years, 83% of TS and 8% of C used HRT. GH had been used by 37% of TS but only 0.2% of C. Both type 1 and 2 diabetes were increased sevenfold among TS. Altogether, 77 individuals with TS had 109 fractures. The fracture risk was increased in TS [hazard ratio (HR, status) 1.35, confidence interval (CI) 1.04-1.75, P = 0.025]. Time to first fracture was reduced in TS (53 +/- 2 vs. 63 +/- 1; log-rank P = 0.03). Spontaneous menstruation was protective in females above 13 years of age (HR: 0.70, CI 0.54-0.93, P = 0.012). A history of parental fractures increased the risk (HR 1.92, CI 1.62-2.27, P < 0.001). Fractures of the forearm was more frequent among TS (P = 0.02). CONCLUSION: The present nationwide survey, based on questionnaires, confirms an increased risk of early fractures in TS, especially in those without ovarian function and with a positive family history of fracture and osteoporosis. It thereby emphasizes the need for being vigilant with respect to BMD measurements in these patients. FAU - Gravholt, Claus Højbjerg
Plasma concentrations of retinol in obese children and adolescents: relationship to metabolic syndrome components.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate obese children and adolescents' retinol plasma levels and to correlate them with metabolic syndrome components. METHODS: Cross-sectional study with 61 obese children and adolescents (body mass index Z score - ZBMI>+2). Pubertal development, arterial blood pressure, body weight and height for nutritional classification and waist circumference were obtained. A 15 mL blood sample was collected (after a 12-hour fasting in a low luminosity room) for retinol determination (cut-off inadequate if <30 µg/dL), lipid profile (HDL-c, LDL-c, and triglycerides), oral glucose tolerance test (fasting and 120 minutes) and for high sensitivity C-reactive protein. Spearman correlation and multiple linear regression were used in the statistical analysis. RESULTS: Mean age was 10.7±2.7 years. There was a predominance of male gender 38/61 (62%) and pre-pubertal 35/61 (57%) subjects. The average plasmatic retinol was 48.5±18.6 ug/dL. Retinol deficiency and severe obesity were observed in 6/61 (10%) and 36/61 (59%), respectively. Glucose level at 120 minutes was the independent and predictive variable of plasma retinol levels [β=-0.286 (95%CI -0.013 - -0.001)]. CONCLUSIONS: An independent and inverse association between plasma retinol levels and glucose tolerance was observed, suggesting an important contribution of this vitamin in the morbidities associated to obesity in children and adolescents. FAU - Teske, Márcia
The psychosocial impact of Klinefelter syndrome--a 10 year review.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To describe psychosocial morbidity in a cohort of young males with hypogonadism due to Klinefelter syndrome, to document the effect of androgen replacement on behaviour, to underline issues confronting clinicians involved in treatment of this condition and to demonstrate a need for a structured program for prospective intervention for this group. We also compare this group to young men with hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism. DESIGN: A retrospective audit of patients with Klinefelter and Kallmann syndromes, presenting for medical assessment from 1994-2004. PATIENTS: Postpubertal males with Klinefelter syndrome (n = 32) and Kallmann syndrome (n = 19) were audited by chart review for psychosocial comorbidities, pubertal management, and the need for exogenous testosterone. RESULTS: Seventeen of 32 postpubertal patients with Klinefelter syndrome required testosterone therapy while 11 were documented to have serum testosterone in the normal adult range. All patients with Kallmann syndrome required long term testosterone treatment. Significant psychosocial and behavioural problems were present in 22/32 of patients with Klinefelter syndrome, including seven who were testosterone replete, with an identifiable pattern of disorder, including marked lack of insight, poor judgement and impaired ability to learn from adverse experience. Use of long term replacement testosterone treatment reduced episodes of behavioural indiscretion. Of those patients with Kallmann syndrome, 5/19 reported mild depressive symptoms only, all resolving with testosterone replacement. CONCLUSION: Inadequately treated hypogonadism in Klinefelter syndrome increases recognized psychosocial morbidity. There is a need for prospectively planned and timed support for young men with Klinefelter syndrome, to ameliorate current poor psychosocial outcomes. FAU - Simm, P J
Association of copeptin, a surrogate marker for arginine vasopressin secretion, with insulin resistance: Influence of adolescence and psychological stress.$$$ In middle-aged and elderly individuals, circulating copeptin concentrations, a surrogate marker for arginine vasopressin (AVP) secretion, associates with insulin resistance (IR). Whether this association is present in adolescents and young adults is unclear. Because psychological stress associates with higher circulating copeptin concentrations and IR, it has been speculated that increased AVP secretion could be a link between psychological stress and IR. We measured plasma copeptin concentrations in 351 14-16-year-old adolescents and 617 20-28-year-old young adults from the Danish site of the European Youth Heart Study, a population-based cardiovascular risk factor study in adolescents and young adults. IR was determined by the homeostatic model assessment method. Among the young adults, we used symptoms of depression, evaluated by means of the Major Depression Inventory (MDI) scale, as a measure of psychological stress. We applied linear regressions to examine associations, expressed as unstandardized regression coefficients (B) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs), between variables of interest, stratified by age group and adjusting for age, sex and Tanner stages. Copeptin and IR were log-transformed. Among the young adults, copeptin associated with IR (B (95%CI) = 0.19 (0.11 to 0.27), P < 0.001). This association was not found among the adolescents (B=-0.01 (-0.12 to 0.09), P = 0.78). MDI score associated with IR (B = 0.010 (0.004 to 0.016), P < 0.001) and copeptin (B=0.010 (0.004 to 0.015); P<0.002) in the young adults. Adjusted for copeptin, the strength of the association between MDI score and IR somewhat diminished (to B=0.008). In conclusion, adolescence and psychological stress appear to influence the association between copeptin and IR.
Endocrine manifestations in children with Williams-Beuren syndrome.$$$ AIM: Endocrine abnormalities in Williams-Beuren syndrome (WBS) include growth retardation, precocious puberty, hypercalcaemia and thyroid disorders. We aimed to characterise these abnormalities in a national cohort of children with WBS. METHODS: A retrospective study comprising a national cohort of individuals with WBS in Israel (16 males, 18 females) followed between 2010 and 2016. RESULTS: The age at diagnosis of WBS was 1.4 ± 1.0 years. Height standard deviation score (SDS) at last visit was correlated with the midparental height SDS (r = 0.46 p = 0.007). Yet, participants did not reach their midparental height, with a difference of 1.40 ± 0.85SD (p < 0.001). Short stature below the 3rd percentile was found in 14 participants (41%). Mean insulin-like growth factor 1 SDS was low (-0.61 ± 1.64) and was correlated with the mean height SDS (r = 0.63 p = 0.038). Two participants were diagnosed with growth hormone deficiency, and initiation of growth hormone treatment improved their height velocity. A total of eight participants (23.5%) had mild hypercalcaemia, five girls (14.7%) had precocious puberty and five participants (14.7%) had thyroid abnormalities. CONCLUSION: Individuals with WBS had a distinct growth pattern consisting of growth restriction at all ages, resulting in final adult height in the low-normal range. Precocious puberty, hypercalcaemia and thyroid abnormalities should be screened for and treated as needed.
Hypothalamic-pituitary function of children with acute lymphocytic leukemia after three forms of central nervous system prophylaxis. A retrospective study.$$$ The hypothalamic-pituitary function of 93 children, who had received central nervous system (CNS) prophylaxis as part of their therapy for acute lymphocytic leukemia (ALL), and who remained in continuous complete remission, was evaluated retrospectively. Treatment regimens included--Group I: 31 subjects, intrathecal methotrexate (IT MTX); Group II: 31 subjects, IT MTX plus 2400 rad cranial irradiation; and Group III: 31 subjects, IT MTX and intravenous intermediate-dose methotrexate. Serum thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) and T4 levels were normal. All participants had normal adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) secretion as assessed by plasma cortisol responses to insulin hypoglycemia. Urinary follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) excretion of pubertal and postpubertal patients (N = 37) was appropriate, except for one subject from Group I who had an abnormally high output of gonadotropins, and one from Group II who had abnormally low levels. Growth hormone (GH) responses were subnormal after sequential arginine-insulin stimulation as follows--Group 1: 3 of 31 patients; Group II: 6 of 25 patients; and Group III: 2 of 29 patients. Nevertheless, all children had normal linear growth. It was concluded that the three forms of CNS prophylaxis evaluated had no long-term adverse effect on TSH and ACTH secretion. FSH-LH production appears to be normal, but final judgment must await follow-up studies because 60% of the patients were prepuberteral or still receiving chemotherapy. Eleven patients had subnormal GH responses after pharmacologic stimulation of the pituitary, but long-term linear growth was unaffected. FAU - Voorhess, M L
Triglycerides/High density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio as a cardiometabolic risk marker in children and adolescents from Mérida city, Venezuela.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the behavior of the triglycerides/HDL-cholesterol ratio (TG/HDL) as a cardiometabolic risk marker in children and adolescents from Mérida, Venezuela. METHODS: A total of 1292 children and adolescents aged 7-18 years who attended educational institutions in the Libertador Municipality were enrolled into this study. Anthropometric measurements and blood pressure values were recorded. Fasting blood glucose, insulin and lipid levels were measured. The TG/HDL ratio, HOMA-IR, and QUICKI indexes were calculated. Subjects were categorized as with and without cardiometabolic risk based on the presence or absence of 2or more risk factors. Cut-off points for the TG/HDL ratio were determined by constructing ROC curves. RESULTS: Significantly higher mean TG/HDL ratios were found in pubertal (2.2 ± 1.7) as compared to prepubertal subjects (1.8 ± 1.5; P=.001), with no sex differences. Two or more risk factors were found in 14.7% (n=192) of the participants, in whom TG/HDL ratios were significantly higher as compared to those with no risk (3.5±2.9 versus 1.6±0.8 in prepubertal and 4.1 ± 3.5 versus 1.8 ± 0.9 in pubertal subjects; P=.0001). According to cardiometabolic risk, cut-off points for the TG/HDL ratio of 1.8 and 2.5 were found for prepubertal and pubertal children respectively. These cut-off points showed risks (odds ratio) higher than 2.5 for conditions such as metabolic syndrome, elevated non-HDL-C, abdominal obesity, and elevated HOMA-IR. CONCLUSION: In this sample of children and adolescents, an elevated TG/HDLc ratio was found to be a good marker for predicting cardiometabolic risk.
Prediction factors in the determination of final height in subjects born small for gestational age.$$$ The aim of this study was to identify factors predictive of individual final height (FH) in subjects born small for gestational age (SGA). All full-term singleton subjects born SGA (birth weight and/or length <3rd percentile) during the period 1971-1978, matched with appropriate birth weight for gestational age (AGA) subjects (birth weight between 25th and 75th percentile) were followed from birth to FH and evaluated before puberty at a mean age +/- SD of 6.1 +/- 0.7 y and after puberty at a mean age of 20.8 +/- 2.0 y (subjects born SGA, n = 213; born AGA, n = 272). When adjusted for target height, a significant deficit in final height (p < 0.0001) was found in SGA as compared with AGA subjects for both male subjects (-3.99 cm with 95% confidence interval from -5.6 to -2.4) and female subjects (-3.64 cm with 95% confidence interval from -5.0 to -2.3), with 13.6% of subjects in the SGA population presenting short final stature. In a multiple regression analysis, target height and studied group (SGA or AGA) were found to be the strongest predictors of individual FH (p < 0.0001, r2 = 0.35 for male subjects, p < 0.0001, r = 0.40 for female subjects). For SGA subjects and according to a multiple stepwise linear regression model, 31% of the variability of individual FH [SD score (SDS)] and 58% of the variability of individual height gain SDS could be explained at birth from mother's height, father's height, and birth length SDS. No other variables were found to be predictive such as sex, gestational age (from 37 to 42 wk), birth weight SDS, ponderal index at birth, or risk factors during pregnancy associated with intrauterine growth retardation such as pregnancy-induced hypertension, smoking, or a history of SGA in offspring. Although a significant increase of body mass index SDS was documented before and after puberty in SGA subjects, puberty was not found to have any influence on growth outcome. FAU - Leger, J
Childhood lipoprotein profiles and implications for adult coronary artery disease: the Bogalusa Heart Study.$$$ Serum lipoproteins are important risk factor variables for coronary artery disease (CAD). Studies of a large population of young individuals show changes in lipoproteins in childhood are race- (black-white) and sex-specific and certain changes occur during growth phases. White boys show adverse changes in lipoprotein levels during sexual maturation that mark them at high risk for CAD. Further, low-density lipoprotein particles are relatively apolipoprotein B enriched in white children, especially boys, a characteristic associated with low levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. The impact of apolipoprotein E genotype on serum lipoproteins seen in adults is already apparent in children, which may be helpful in identifying a high-risk group. Observations of child-parent associations in terms of parental myocardial infarction and levels of lipoprotein variables in the offspring suggest that childhood profiles of lipoprotein (a), apolipoprotein A-I, and apolipoprotein B may be helpful as markers of future CAD. Clustering of increased levels of truncal fat, insulin, and blood pressure is often seen in young adults with an adverse lipoprotein profile. This clustering is related to subtle abnormalities in carbohydrate and lipid metabolism and obesity in childhood. The fact that lipoprotein levels persist from childhood to young adulthood underscores the importance of detection and management of dyslipidemia early in life. FAU - Srinivasan, S R
Height, adiposity and hormonal cardiovascular risk markers in childhood: how to partition the associations?$$$ OBJECTIVE: Obesity is associated with rapid growth during childhood. There is uncertainty over how to adjust for body size, when using adiposity as a proxy for cardiovascular risk. We studied associations of height, body composition (by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry) and cardiovascular risk markers (insulin resistance (IR), leptin) in children. METHODS: Using partial correlations in 172 children aged 7-12 years, we investigated associations of (a) fat mass with IR or leptin, adjusting for height or lean mass, and (b) height or lean mass with IR or leptin, adjusting for fat mass. Analyses were conducted both cross-sectionally at each age, and for changes between 7 and 12 years. RESULTS: Height, fat mass, lean mass, IR and leptin were all inter-correlated at all ages. Although fat mass was strongly associated with IR and leptin, height was independently negatively associated with leptin (whole sample, adjusting for age: boys r=-0.12, girls r=-0.13; P<0.001). Independent of adiposity, height was also associated with insulin IR (whole sample, adjusting for age: boys r=0.11, girls r=0.20; P<0.001). When analysed by year of age, these associations tended to remain significant at older ages. Change in height from 7 to 12 years was also associated with change in IR (boys: r=0.18, P<0.05; girls: r=0.34, P<0.01), independently of change in adiposity, with similar findings for lean mass. CONCLUSIONS: During childhood, markers of cardiovascular risk have a complex profile, associated with growth as well as fat accumulation. Taller and faster-growing children have elevated risk markers, independently of their adiposity. These findings have implications for the interpretation of pediatric indices of adiposity that aim to adjust for body size. Adiposity indices that perform best at summarizing metabolic risk may not be those that perform best at understanding the developmental aetiology of risk. FAU - Wells, J C K
Postmenopausal osteoporotic fracture-associated COLIA1 variant impacts bone accretion in girls.$$$ Over the past two decades, a low frequency variant (rs1800012) within the first intron of the type I collagen alpha 1 (COLIA1) gene has been implicated in lower areal BMD (aBMD) and increased risk of osteoporotic fracture. This association is particularly strong in postmenopausal women, in whom net bone loss arises in the context of high bone turnover. High bone turnover also accompanies childhood linear growth; however, the role of rs1800012 in this stage of net bone accretion is less well understood. Thus, we assessed the association between rs1800012 and aBMD and bone mineral content (BMC) Z-scores for the 1/3 distal radius, lumbar spine, total hip, and femoral neck total body less head in the Bone Mineral Density in Childhood Study, a mixed-longitudinal cohort of children and adolescents (total n = 804 girls and 771 boys; n = 19 girls and 22 boys with the TT genotype). Mixed effects modeling, stratified by sex, was used to test for associations between rs1800012 and aBMD or BMC Z-scores and for pubertal stage interactions. Separately, SITAR growth modeling of aBMD and BMC in subjects with longitudinal data reduced the complex longitudinal bone accrual curves into three parameters representing a-size, b-timing, and c-velocity. We tested for differences in these three parameters by rs1800012 genotype using t-tests. Girls with the TT genotype had significantly lower aBMD and BMC Z-scores prior to puberty completion (e.g. spine aBMD-Z P-interaction = 1.0 × 10(-6)), but this association was attenuated post-puberty. SITAR models revealed that TT girls began pubertal bone accrual later (b-timing; e.g. total hip BMC, P = 0.03). BMC and aBMD Z-scores also increased across puberty in TT homozygous boys. Our data, along with previous findings in post-menopausal women, suggest that rs1800012 principally affects female bone density during periods of high turnover. Insights into the genetics of bone gain and loss may be masked during the relatively quiescent state in mid-adulthood, and discovery efforts should focus on early and late life.
[Etiologic and clinical characteristics of syncope in children].$$$ OBJECTIVE: Syncope is a common problem in children and adolescents. Such an event may have multiple possible causes, ranging from benign conditions to life-threatening diseases. Syncope is a major challenge for the practicing physicians. It is very important to know the etiologic and clinical characteristics of syncope in children. This study aimed to improve diagnostic efficacy of syncope in children by analyzing the etiology and clinical characteristics of syncope. METHODS: The investigators retrospectively analyzed the causes of syncope and diagnostic workup of 154 consecutive children seen in Department of Pediatrics, Peking University First Hospital because of a syncopal event. RESULTS: Autonomic-mediated reflex syncope (AMS) was the most common cause of syncope (65.6%), whereas cardiac disorders were found in 10 cases (6.5%) comprising the second cause of syncope in children. Other causes included psychologic problems and neurological and metabolic disorders. Although many causes were studied, 25 cases (16.2%) were found to have uncertain etiologies yet. The children with AMS were commonly seen in pubertal girls, and they had clear inducement of syncope and prodromes. The children with cardiac syncope often had history of cardiac diseases, and they were often younger than those with AMS. Lack of prodromes of syncope, exercise-related syncope, syncope spells seen in any body position, frequent syncope spells and sudden death in family were clues of cardiac syncope. Neurological disorders should be considered if there are any of the followings: syncope with seizure activity, syncope spells seen in any position, and a postictal phase of disorientation or neurologic abnormal signs. A metabolic cause was entertained when the child had a history of metabolic diseases, prolonged anger, or violent vomiting and diarrhea. Children with psychiatric disorders were adolescent girls with prolonged syncope spells, and had more frequent syncopal episodes. Most children with syncope were evaluated by many of diagnostic tests, but most of those tests were not goal-directed approach. Since persons with cardiac syncope were at increased risk for death from any cause, electrocardiography was recommended in almost all children with syncope. Neurologic testing including electroencephalography, computed tomography, etc. were rarely helpful unless neurologic signs and symptoms are present. Holter electrocardiography and echocardiography were most useful in children with suspected cardiac syncope. There was little benefit of screening cardiac enzyme in children with syncope. Routine blood tests (blood electrolytes and blood glucose, etc) rarely yield diagnostically useful information unless the children had the history of metabolic diseases. Head-up tilt testing was most useful in children with recurrent syncope in whom heart disease was not suspected. The children with frequent syncope, long lasting syncopal episode and clear psychiatric inducement of syncope should be evaluated by psychiatric testing. CONCLUSION: Syncope in children may result from a wide variety of causes, and clinicians often use a wide range of investigation to try to achieve a diagnosis. But most of investigations have low diagnostic yield. Thorough history taking, physical examination and electrocardiography are the core of the syncope workup. FAU - Zhang, Qing-you
Radiotherapy-related arterial intima thickening and plaque formation in childhood cancer survivors detected with very-high resolution ultrasound during young adulthood.$$$ BACKGROUND: The aim of the study was to evaluate arterial morphology and function in a national cohort of long-term survivors of high-risk neuroblastoma (NBL) treated with high-dose chemotherapy and autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplantation with or without total body irradiation (TBI). METHODS AND RESULTS: Common carotid, femoral, brachial, and radial artery morphology were assessed with very-high-resolution vascular ultrasound (25-55 MHz), and carotid artery stiffness and brachial artery flow-mediated dilatation measured with conventional vascular ultrasound in 19 adult or pubertal (age 22.7 ± 4.9 years, range 16-30) NBL survivors transplanted during 1984-1999 at the mean age of 2.5 ± 1.0 years. Results were compared with 20 age- and sex-matched healthy controls. The cardiovascular risk assessment included history, body mass index, fasting plasma lipids, glucose, and 24-h ambulatory blood pressure (BP). The survivors had consistently smaller arterial lumens, increased carotid intima-media thickness (IMT), plaque formation (N = 3), and stiffness, as well as increased radial artery intima thickness (N = 5) compared with the control group. Survivors displayed higher plasma triglyceride and cholesterol levels, and increased heart rate, as well as increased systolic and diastolic BPs. TBI (N = 10) and a low body surface area were independent predictors for decreased arterial lumen size and increased IMT. Three out of five survivors with subclinical intima thickening had arterial plaques. Plaques occurred only among TBI-treated survivors. CONCLUSIONS: Long-term childhood cancer survivors treated with TBI during early childhood display significant signs of premature arterial aging during young adulthood.
Genetic variation of FTO and TCF7L2 in premature adrenarche.$$$ Premature adrenarche (PA) has been associated with increased body mass index. Our aim was to determine whether the obesity-associated variant at fat mass and obesity gene (FTO) is more frequent in PA subjects. Furthermore, we hypothesized that altered Wnt signaling due to genetic variants at transcription factor 7-like 2 (TCF7L2) could play a role in the polygenic pathogenesis of PA. We genotyped polymorphisms at FTO rs9939609 and at TCF7L2 rs7903146 and rs12255372 in 73 Finnish white prepubertal children with PA and in 97 age- and sex-matched healthy controls. In addition, we investigated the associations of these genetic variations with weight, height, circulating adrenocortical hormone levels, glucose metabolism, lipid profile, and blood pressure. The differences in the minor allele frequencies (MAFs) of rs9939609, rs7903146, and rs12255372 were not statistically significant between the PA and control groups (difference in MAFs [95% confidence interval]: -0.06 [-0.18, 0.05], 0.04 [-0.05, 0.12], and 0.01 [-0.07, 0.10]; P = .3, .4, and .8, respectively). However, the risk allele at TCF7L2 rs7903146 was more frequent in PA subjects than in controls when we restricted the analysis to the subjects with lower weight-for-height than the median of the PA subjects (weight-for-height <108%, corresponding body mass index SD score <0.79; difference in MAFs [95% confidence interval]: 0.12 [-0.001, 0.23]; P = .038). Risk variant at FTO rs9939609 associated with higher weight-for-height in the healthy children (P = .001). In conclusion, the minor variant at FTO rs9939609 seems to play no major role in the increased weight-for-height of PA subjects; but the risk allele at TCF7L2 rs7903146 may have a role in the pathogenesis of PA in lean subjects. FAU - Lappalainen, Saila
A new link between skeleton, obesity and insulin resistance: relationships between osteocalcin, leptin and insulin resistance in obese children before and after weight loss.$$$ BACKGROUND: The skeleton is regarded recently as an endocrine organ that affects energy metabolism. However, there are very limited data available concerning the relationships between the osteoblast-derived hormone osteocalcin, weight status, adiponectin and leptin in obese humans, especially in children. METHODS: We analyzed osteocalcin, adiponectin, leptin and insulin resistance (IR) index homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) in 60 obese and 19 age- and gender-matched normal weight children. Furthermore, these parameters were determined in 60 obese children after participating in an outpatient 1-year lifestyle intervention based on exercise, behavior and nutrition therapy. RESULTS: Sixty obese children had significantly lower osteocalcin levels (26.8+/-0.8 ng ml(-1)) than 19 normal weight controls (32.2+/-2.3 ng ml(-1)). Boys (29.9+/-1.1 ng ml(-1)) showed significantly (P=0.046) higher osteocalcin levels compared with girls (26.4+/-1.2 ng ml(-1)). In stepwise multiple linear regression analysis adjusted for age, gender and pubertal stage, osteocalcin was significantly negatively related to leptin and HOMA, but not to adiponectin. Changes of osteocalcin in the course of 1 year correlated significantly negatively with changes of IR index HOMA (r=-0.25), standard deviation score-body mass index (SDS-BMI) (r=-0.33) and leptin (r=-0.50). Substantial weight loss in 29 obese children led to a significant increase in osteocalcin and a significant decrease in leptin and HOMA. In 31 obese children without substantial weight loss, osteocalcin levels did not change significantly in the course of 1 year. CONCLUSION: Osteocalcin levels were lower in obese children and were related to IR and leptin both in cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses. Therefore, osteocalcin might be a new promising link between obesity and IR. FAU - Reinehr, T
Effects of growth reduction therapy using high-dose 17beta-estradiol in 26 constitutionally tall girls.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The efficacy and safety of height-limiting therapy with high-dose 17beta-oestradiol in girls with constitutionally tall stature (CTS) are controversial. We evaluated the effectiveness of high-dose 17beta-oestradiol in premenarchal girls with CTS treated until their bone age reached 14 years. DESIGN: We retrospectively reviewed the medical records of the girls managed between 1989 and 2000 with high-dose 17beta-estradiol for CTS with a predicted final height greater than +3SDs. PATIENTS: Twenty-six girls met our inclusion criteria. At baseline, mean chronological age was 12.06 +/- 1.51 years and mean height was 171.1 +/- 6.5 cm with a height standard deviation score of 4.5 +/- 0.24, and mean predicted final height was 183.0 +/- 4.2 cm. Treatment was stopped when bone age reached 14 years; mean treatment duration was 1.62 +/- 0.76 years. MEASUREMENTS: The following were obtained at 6-month intervals: height, body weight, Tanner stage, bone age, plasma cholesterol and triglycerides, plasma glucose and side effects. A mailed questionnaire on final height and satisfaction was sent 2 years after treatment discontinuation (response rate, 24/26). Results Final height was significantly (P < 0.001) reduced, by 2.4 +/- 3.2 cm, as compared to predictions. High-dose 17beta-estradiol therapy decreased growth velocity and significantly increased skeletal maturation (P < 0.001). Linear growth after treatment discontinuation was 3.3 +/- 1.9 cm. No serious side effects were recorded. Most of the patients were satisfied with the treatment. CONCLUSION: High-dose 17beta-estradiol was moderately effective in reducing final height and should probably be reserved for selected patients, particularly as knowledge on potential long-term side effects is lacking. FAU - Radivojevic, U
Mother's pre-pregnancy BMI is an important determinant of adverse cardiometabolic risk in childhood.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Maternal adiposity is associated with poor offspring cardiometabolic health. We aimed to evaluate the relationship of maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) on the BMI, body composition and cardiometabolic characteristics of the offspring. METHODS: Forty offspring of overweight/obese mothers (O-OW) and 28 offspring of normal weight mothers (O-NW) underwent evaluation of body composition, abdominal fat distribution, blood pressure measurement, fasting lipids and an oral glucose tolerance test. The anthropometric and cardiometabolic characteristics of O-OW were compared with those of O-NW, and the relationship to maternal BMI was evaluated. RESULTS: Subjects (mean age: 12.6 ± 0.4, female: 52.9%) had similar gestational age, birth weight, age, gender, and Tanner stage. However, O-OW had a significantly higher BMI (24.4 ± 1.2 vs. 19.7 ± 0.8 kg/m(2) , p = 0.001), % body fat (31.7 ± 1.6 vs. 24.6 ± 1.1%, p < 0.001), visceral fat (41.9 ± 4.7 vs. 26.1 ± 3.9 cm(2) , p = 0.012) with no difference in lean body mass compared with O-NW. O-OW had lower whole body insulin sensitivity index (WBISI) with an adverse cardiovascular disease risk profile [higher blood pressure (BP), triglycerides to high-density lipoprotein (HDL) ratio, hs-C-reactive protein (CRP) and lower HDL]. In addition to offspring's %body fat (β = -0.60, p < 0.001), maternal pre-pregnancy BMI (β = -0.19, p = 0.046) contributed significantly and independently to the offspring's WBISI (R(2) =0.55, p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: High pre-pregnancy BMI is an important contributor to excess adiposity, insulin resistance, and cardiometabolic disease risk in the offspring during childhood.
A cross-sectional study of osteocalcin and body fat measures among obese adolescents.$$$ Osteocalcin (OCN), a marker of osteoblast activity, has been implicated in the regulation of energy metabolism by the skeleton and thus may affect body fat measures. OBJECTIVE: To examine the relationships of OCN to body fat measures and whether they vary according to markers of energy and vitamin D metabolism. DESIGN AND METHODS: Data were obtained from 58 obese adolescents aged 13-17.9 years (38 females, 8 black or African-American). Total fat mass (FM) [dual X-ray absorptiometry (DXA)] and visceral adipose tissue (VAT) [computerized axial tomography (CT)] were calculated. Blood tests included leptin, OCN, 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D], parathyroid hormone (PTH), thyroid function tests, and triglycerides. Markers of glucose metabolism were obtained from fasting and OGTT samples. RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS: Adolescents with 25(OH)D <20 ng mL(-1) were considered deficient (n = 17/58); none had high PTH (PTH ≥ 65 pg mL(-1) ). OCN was associated with lower VAT (-84.27 ± 33.89 mm(2) ) and BMI (-0.10 ± 0.05 kg m(-2) ), not FM (P = 0.597) in a core model including age, sex, race, geographic latitude, summer, height z-score, and tanner stage. Adding 25(OH)D deficiency and PTH attenuated the inverse association of OCN to VAT. There was a significant interaction of OCN and 25(OH)D deficiency on FM (0.37 ± 0.18 kg, P = 0.041) and BMI (0.28 ± 0.10 kg m(-2) , P = 0.007) in this adjusted model, which was further explained by leptin. Adding A1C to the core model modified the relationship of OCN to VAT (-93.08 ± 35.05 mm(2) , P = 0.011), which was further explained by HOMA-IR. In summary, these findings provide initial evidence for a relationship between OCN and body fat measures that is dependent on energy metabolism and vitamin D status among obese adolescents.
Ethnic differences in body fat distribution among Asian pre-pubertal children: a cross-sectional multicenter study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Ethnic differences in body fat distribution contribute to ethnic differences in cardiovascular morbidities and diabetes. However few data are available on differences in fat distribution in Asian children from various backgrounds. Therefore, the current study aimed to explore ethnic differences in body fat distribution among Asian children from four countries. METHODS: A total of 758 children aged 8-10 y from China, Lebanon, Malaysia and Thailand were recruited using a non-random purposive sampling approach to enrol children encompassing a wide BMI range. Height, weight, waist circumference (WC), fat mass (FM, derived from total body water [TBW] estimation using the deuterium dilution technique) and skinfold thickness (SFT) at biceps, triceps, subscapular, supraspinale and medial calf were collected. RESULTS: After controlling for height and weight, Chinese and Thai children had a significantly higher WC than their Lebanese and Malay counterparts. Chinese and Thais tended to have higher trunk fat deposits than Lebanese and Malays reflected in trunk SFT, trunk/upper extremity ratio or supraspinale/upper extremity ratio after adjustment for age and total body fat. The subscapular/supraspinale skinfold ratio was lower in Chinese and Thais compared with Lebanese and Malays after correcting for trunk SFT. CONCLUSIONS: Asian pre-pubertal children from different origins vary in body fat distribution. These results indicate the importance of population-specific WC cut-off points or other fat distribution indices to identify the population at risk of obesity-related health problems. FAU - Liu, Ailing
Neck circumference as a new anthropometric indicator for prediction of insulin resistance and components of metabolic syndrome in adolescents: Brazilian Metabolic Syndrome Study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the correlation between neck circumference and insulin resistance and components of metabolic syndrome in adolescents with different adiposity levels and pubertal stages, as well as to determine the usefulness of neck circumference to predict insulin resistance in adolescents. METHODS: Cross-sectional study with 388 adolescents of both genders from ten to 19 years old. The adolescents underwent anthropometric and body composition assessment, including neck and waist circumferences, and biochemical evaluation. The pubertal stage was obtained by self-assessment, and the blood pressure, by auscultation. Insulin resistance was evaluated by the Homeostasis Model Assessment-Insulin Resistance. The correlation between two variables was evaluated by partial correlation coefficient adjusted for the percentage of body fat and pubertal stage. The performance of neck circumference to identify insulin resistance was tested by Receiver Operating Characteristic Curve. RESULTS: After the adjustment for percentage body fat and pubertal stage, neck circumference correlated with waist circumference, blood pressure, triglycerides and markers of insulin resistance in both genders. CONCLUSIONS: The results showed that the neck circumference is a useful tool for the detection of insulin resistance and changes in the indicators of metabolic syndrome in adolescents. The easiness of application and low cost of this measure may allow its use in Public Health services. FAU - da Silva, Cleliani de Cassia
Inflammatory and prothrombotic states in obese children of European descent.$$$ Adipose tissue may release mediators that induce a chronic inflammatory state and alterations in coagulation, which contribute to insulin resistance, atherosclerosis, and thrombosis. We investigated whether inflammatory and/or prothrombotic states exist in obese children and assessed their interrelationship. Sixty-one subjects were recruited, aged between 6 and 16 years, to participate in a cross-sectional study at Children's University Hospital of Geneva. Selected pro/anti-inflammatory cytokines/chemokines and hemostasis parameters were measured in obese children and lean controls. Cardiovascular risk factors in the family were indexed. Fasting glucose level, insulin, prothrombin time (PT), fibrinogen, activated partial thromboplastin time (aPTT), D-dimer, endogenous thrombin potential (ETP), C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), interleukin-10 (IL-10), interferon-γ-inducible-protein (IP-10), monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (MCP-1), and interleukin-1 receptor antagonist (IL-1Ra) were measured. We estimated insulin resistance by homeostatic model assessment (HOMA). Anti- (IL-1Ra) and proinflammatory cytokines (MCP-1, IL-6) were significantly increased in obese children in comparison to the control group, even before puberty. Hemostasis was also altered in obese children with a significantly increased fibrinogen level, increased D-dimer, a shortened PT, as well as an increased ETP. No correlation was found between cytokine levels and hemostasis parameters, except for IL-6 and fibrinogen. Obese children present with inflammatory and prothrombotic states as early as 6 years of age and these states are similar in prepubertal and pubertal obese children. The cytokines IL-1Ra and MCP-1 were most significantly increased in obese children. Further investigation is necessary to determine if these cytokines, together with ETP, can reliably predict the development of diabetes and atherosclerosis. FAU - Stoppa-Vaucher, Sophie
Oestradiol levels and superoxide dismutase activity in age-related cataract: a case-control study.$$$ BACKGROUND: It has been suggested that the higher prevalence of cataract in women is caused by a withdrawal effect of oestrogen at menopause. In vitro studies have demonstrated protection of serum oestradiol (E2) against oxidative stress through upregulation of antioxidant enzymes, including superoxide dismutase (SOD). The purpose of the present study was to investigate E2 levels and SOD erythrocyte activity in patients with age-related cataract. METHODS: The studied subjects consisted of 103 patients with age-related cataract and 22 controls. Cataracts were classified as nuclear, cortical, or posterior subcapsular. Blood samples were collected and data on smoking, hormonal use, diabetes and age at menarche/menopause was obtained for all individuals. Serum oestradiol analyses were performed with radioimmunoassay (RIA) and SOD activity was measured in erythrocyte lysates. RESULTS: A negative correlation between age and E2 concentration was seen in a linear regression analysis. No correlation was seen between SOD activity and age or gender and no correlation between E2 levels and SOD activity was found using multiple linear regression. The mean level of E2 for all male subjects was 50.1 ± 16.3 pmol/L, significantly higher compared to 13.8 ± 11.8 pmol/L for postmenopausal women. CONCLUSION: The present study does not support a role for E2-induced effects on SOD in cataract formation. The findings of higher E2 levels in men than in postmenopausal women may suggest that decreased oestrogen at menopause is partially responsible for the gender-related difference in cataract prevalence. However, the latter can only be verified through prospective randomized trials using hormonal replacement therapy. FAU - Škiljić, Dragana
Menstrual and reproductive factors related to the risk of breast cancer in Korea. Ovarian hormone effect on breast cancer.$$$ To support the ovarian hormone hypothesis in the etiology of breast cancer, a hospital-based case-control study with community controls was conducted to evaluate the relationship of intervals among menstrual and reproductive events to the risk of breast cancer in Korea. The cases were 190 breast cancer patients, who had been histologically diagnosed at Seoul National University Hospital from Jan. 1, 1993 to Jun. 30, 1994. Included were cancer-free women, who had undertaken the Gynecological examination at the same hospital (n=190). Women recruited for a survey of diabetes prevalence in Yonchon County, adjacent to Seoul City, were taken as a community control group (n=190). Information on menstrual and reproductive factors with other life-styles was collected through a direct interview by the well-trained interviewers. The adjusted odds ratios and the 95% confidence intervals were based on the unconditional logistic regression model. Likelihood ratio test for trend was applied for the ordinal variables. Early age at menarche, late age at natural menopause, late age at first full term pregnancy, and fewer number of full term pregnancies are independently associated with the high risk of breast cancer in Korea. Moreover, the interval between the age at menarche and the age at natural menopause of community controls (29.9+/-6.15 years) was significantly shortened compared to breast cancer cases (34.9+/-4.42 years). Particularly noteworthy was that intervals between the age at menarche and the age at first full term pregnancy of both control groups (9.0+/-3.72 years for hospital controls; 7.2+/-4.04 years for community controls) were significantly shortened compared to breast cancer cases (11.0+/-4.51 years). These findings support the hypothesis that the longer exposure to ovarian hormones during the reproductive years, the higher the risk of breast cancer. FAU - Suh, J S
Pure endoscopic management of epileptogenic hypothalamic hamartomas.$$$ Hypothalamic hamartomas (HH) are rare congenital malformations located in the region of the tuber cinereum and third ventricle. Their usual clinical presentation is characterized by gelastic/dacrystic seizures which often become pharmaco-resistant and progress to secondary focal/generalized intractable epilepsy causing mostly in children cognitive and behavioral problems (particularly in cases of progressive epileptic encephalopathy) and precocious puberty. Whereas gelastic seizures can be surgically controlled either by resection of the lesion or disconnection (tissue-destructive) procedures, aimed at functionally prevent the spreading of the epileptic burst; generalized seizures tend to respond better to HH excision rather than isolated neocortical resections, which generally fail to control them. Prospective analysis of 14 consecutive patients harboring HH treated in an 8-year period; 12 patients had unilateral and two bilateral HH. All patients were managed by pure endoscopic excision of the HH. The mean operative time was 48 min and mean hospital stay was 2 days; perioperative blood loss was negligible in all cases. Two patients showed a transient diabetes insipidus (DI); no transient or permanent postoperative neurological deficit or memory impairment was recorded. Complete HH excision was achieved in 10/14 patients. At a mean follow-up of 48 months, no wound infection, meningitis, postoperative hydrocephalus, and/or mortality were recorded in this series of patients. Eight patients became seizure free (Engel class I), 2 other experienced worthwhile improvement of disabling seizures (Engel class II); 2 patients were cured from gelastic attacks while still experiencing focal dyscognitive seizures; and 2, having bilateral HH (both undergoing unilateral HH excision), did not experience significant improvement and required later on a temporal lobectomy coupled to amygdalohyppocampectomy. Overall, the followings resulted to be predictive factors for better outcomes in terms of seizure control: (1) cases of unilateral, Delalande class B, HH, (2) shorter history of epilepsy. Endoscopic resection of HH proved, in our series, to be effective in achieving complete control or in reducing the frequency of seizures. Furthermore, this approach has confirmed its minimally invasive nature with a very low morbidity rate: of note, it allowed to better preserve short-term memory and hypothalamic function. FAU - Chibbaro, S
Treatment of Pre-pubertal Patients with Growth Hormone Deficiency: Patterns in Growth Hormone Dosage and Insulin-like Growth Factor-I Z-scores.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To describe the range of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) z-score values (IGF-Iz) and growth hormone (GH) dose adjustments in pre-pubertal patients with GH deficiency (GHD) treated with GH in a single tertiary care center. METHODS: This is a retrospective review of GH-treated patients of ages ≤9 years with GHD, seen in an endocrinology clinic in 2013-2014. Patient demographics and pre-treatment anthropometrics, GH treatment duration, IGF-Iz, and GH dosage (mg/kg/week) were extracted. Multipredictor linear regression was used to evaluate the associations between IGF-Iz and GH dosage and subject gender, race, insurance type, age, and clinical characteristics. Logistic regression was used to calculate the odds ratio of direction of GH dose adjustment (decrease/no change versus increase) and IGF-Iz category based on patient clinical characteristics, accounting for provider random effect. RESULTS: Forty-one percent (57/139) of IGF-Iz were outside the "normal" range of between -2 and +2 standard deviation; the majority of IGF-Iz beyond the "normal" range (93%) were supraphysiologic [>+2 standard deviation score (SDS)]. Of the IGF-Iz >+2, 10/53 (18%) were followed by a GH dose increase and 30/53 (57%) had no dose change. Patient clinical characteristics and demographics did not significantly increase the odds of being in the IGF-Iz >+2 SDS category or having a dose increase in multipredictor logistic regression models. CONCLUSION: GH dosages and IGF-Iz varied, without significant patient clinical predictors. IGF-Iz was frequently supraphysiologic, and these levels often did not prompt a reduction in GH dose, likely influenced by a variety of factors. Our study emphasizes the need for better understanding of long-term safety and efficacy of maintaining supraphysiologic levels of IGF-Iz. FAU - Oberle, Megan
Preconception care in Saudi women with diabetes mellitus.$$$ BACKGROUND: The rate of preexisting diabetes mellitus (DM) in Saudi Arabia is one of the highest in the world. The role of preconception care (PCC) is well-established as a means of improving pregnancy outcomes in DM. OBJECTIVES: To assess the rate of preconception counseling, the level of PCC knowledge, and the rate of unplanned pregnancies in Saudi women with DM. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted among 355 Saudi women aged 18-49 years with self-reported DM. The study questionnaire contained variables about the provision of preconception counseling, knowledge of PCC facts, and the number of unplanned pregnancies after developing DM. The level of PCC knowledge was evaluated using a modified Likert scale. Statistical Package for Social Sciences 20 was used for statistical analysis. Descriptive statistics, mean and standard deviation, and percentages were calculated; t-test was used for statistical significance. RESULTS: About one-third of the participants had received preconception counseling after being diagnosed with DM. Counseling on PCC for older and married participants was significantly less. Of the 355 participants, 42.8% had little or no PCC knowledge. All pregnancies that occurred after developing DM were unplanned. CONCLUSIONS: The rate of preconception counseling, the level of PCC knowledge in the studied Saudi women with DM is suboptimal, and none of the pregnancies that occurred after developing DM was planned. The study highlights the need for PCC programs that target all Saudi women of child-bearing age with DM, and their families starting at the age of puberty and at diagnosis of type 2DM, to optimize women's health and improve pregnancy outcomes. FAU - Madanat, Amal Y
Insulin and endometrial cancer.$$$ Elevated insulin levels may explain part of the increased risk of endometrial cancer observed in obese postmenopausal women. Circulating sex hormones and fasting C-peptide levels were measured in sera obtained from 165 postmenopausal endometrial cancer cases accrued between June 1, 1987, and May 15, 1990, from hospitals in Chicago, Illinois; Hershey, Pennsylvania; Irvine and Long Beach, California; Minneapolis, Minnesota; and Winston-Salem, North Carolina, and 180 community and hysterectomy controls. Women with a personal history of diabetes were excluded. Among controls, C-peptide was positively correlated with body mass index (BMI) ((r = 0.44), waist-to-thigh circumference ratio ((r = 0.24), estrone ((r = 0.18), and estradiol ((r = 0.28) (albumin-bound (r = 0.45), and free (r = 0.37)) and negatively correlated with sex hormone-binding globulin (r = -0.48). In age-adjusted analyses, the odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals for tertiles of C-peptide and endometrial cancer were, from lowest to highest: 1.0 (reference), 0.78 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.43-1.4), and 2.2 (95% CI 1.3-3.7). Further adjustment for BMI substantially attenuated the odds ratios for the highest tertile of C-peptide (odds ratio = 1.2, 95% CI 0.63-2.1), and adjustment for body mass index and other risk factors for endometrial cancer eliminated the association (odds ratio = 1.0, 95% CI 0.55-2.0). In contrast, adjustment for C-peptide had little influence on the magnitude of the positive associations between body mass index (odds ratio for highest vs. lowest tertile, without and with adjustment for C-peptide = 4.1 (95% CI 2.3-7.5) and 3.7 (95% CI 1.9-7.1), respectively) or several steroid hormones and endometrial cancer. These data are not consistent with the hypothesis that the effect of obesity on endometrial cancer risk is mediated through high insulin levels. FAU - Troisi, R
Impaired endothelial and smooth muscle functions and arterial stiffness appear before puberty in obese children and are associated with elevated ambulatory blood pressure.$$$ AIMS: To determine whether impaired brachial endothelial (flow-mediated dilation, FMD) and smooth muscle function (nitroglycerin-mediated dilation, NTGMD), and remodelling of the common carotid artery (CCA) develop before puberty in obese children. METHODS AND RESULTS: Arterial intima-media thickness (IMT), FMD and NTGMD were measured by high-resolution ultrasound in 48 obese and 23 lean pre-pubertal children (8.8 +/- 1.5 years old). We assessed central pulse pressure, incremental elastic modulus (Einc), casual and ambulatory systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP), and body fatness by DXA. Obese children had significantly lower FMD (4.5 +/- 4.0 vs. 8.3 +/- 1.7%), NTGMD (19.0 +/- 9.0 vs. 25.8 +/- 6.1%), and increased Einc (13.9 +/- 5.2 vs. 10.4 +/- 5.2 mmHg/10(2)), ambulatory SBP (121.3 +/- 12.6 vs. 106.6 +/- 7.1, mmHg), and DBP (69.1 +/- 5.7 vs. 63.7 +/- 4.5) than lean subjects, whereas IMT was not augmented. Ambulatory systolic hypertension was present in 47% of obese subjects. FMD, NTGMD, and Einc were correlated with body fatness, body mass index, and blood pressure (BP). CONCLUSION: Impaired endothelial and smooth muscle functions and altered wall material develop before puberty in obese children, however remodelling of the CCA is not yet present. Arterial dysfunction may be considered as the first marker of atherosclerosis and is associated with elevated BP. Ambulatory blood pressure monitoring may be a potential tool to improve risk stratification in obese children. FAU - Aggoun, Yacine
Insulin-like growth factor I and insulin-like growth factor binding protein 3 as determinants of blood hemoglobin concentration in healthy subjects.$$$ We studied the serum concentrations of IGF-I, IGF-binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3), and testosterone in relation to blood Hb in 60 healthy prepubertal or early pubertal boys twice, with a 9-mo interval. Serum IGF-I and testosterone levels were measured by RIA, and serum IGFBP-3 was measured by monoclonal immunofluorometric assay. Positive correlations were observed between the concentrations of blood Hb and serum IGF-I at the first examination (r = 0.36, p = 0.008) and Hb and IGFBP-3 at both examinations (r = 0.53, p < 0.001, and r = 0.39, p = 0.003). No association between Hb and testosterone concentrations was found. Our results show that blood Hb is positively correlated to serum IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels, indicating indirectly the involvement of growth hormone in the regulation of physiologic Hb concentration. Because no association was found between Hb and testosterone concentrations, this may indicate that the role of androgens in erythropoiesis may be different at different stages of puberty. It is concluded that the IGF system may be involved in the rise of Hb level during early puberty. FAU - Anttila, R
Preterm birth and the endocrine regulation of growth in childhood and adolescence.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Poor growth during childhood is a common problem associated with preterm birth, but few studies have examined the associations between linear growth, weight and body composition with the postnatal hormonal milieu in preterm children. We aimed to define the IGF-IGFBP axis in preterm children and its association with growth. DESIGN AND PATIENTS: A cohort of healthy 2- to 20-year-old subjects who were born prematurely (<37 weeks gestation) and experienced normal neurological development were recruited. In total, 54 premature and 82 control subjects were included in this study. RESULTS: Preterm subjects were relatively shorter (P < 0·001) and leaner (P < 0·05) than their parents in contrast to the term cohort. Preterm children also appeared to fail to reach their genetic height potential (prepuberty: P < 0·01; puberty: P < 0·05). Only IGFBP-2 differed between preterm and term cohorts, with higher levels observed in prepubertal preterm subjects (P < 0·01). In the term group, height SDS was positively associated with IGF-I (P < 0·01) and IGFBP-3 (P < 0·001) concentrations, but no such associations were observed for preterm subjects. CONCLUSION: Preterm children are shorter and lighter than controls throughout childhood, remaining below their genetic height potential. Preterm birth appears to alter the endocrine regulation of postnatal growth in childhood and adolescence, so growth is no longer associated with its normal endocrine regulators.
Pediatric growth hormone therapy in Greece: analysis of the Hellenic cohort of the GeNeSIS study.$$$ PURPOSE: To describe the data from the Greek cohort of the Genetics and Neuroendocrinology of Short Stature International Study (GeNeSIS). METHODS: GeNeSIS was a prospective, open-label, multinational, observational study collecting information on clinical outcomes and treatment safety of children with growth disorders treated with growth hormone (GH), according to national indications. After informed consent, 305 patients (143 females), including 255 patients with growth hormone deficiency (GHD) and 30 with Turner syndrome (TS), from eight investigational sites, were enrolled in Greece. Demographic data, treatment efficacy, and adverse events were reported at the discretion of attending physicians. RESULTS: Treatment with GH was undertaken for 247/255 patients with GHD and 29/30 with TS. The majority of patients treated with GHD (73.7%) and TS (84%) with recorded Tanner stage were prepubertal at enrolment. Among patients treated with GHD and TS, 70.45% and 55% were GH-naïve at study entry, respectively. Height standard deviation score (SDS), height velocity SDS, and height SDS-target height SDS numerically improved during the 4-year observation period. The effect of GH treatment was more prominent in the first year of treatment, especially in the GHD group. CONCLUSIONS: In the Greek cohort of GeNeSIS, GHD is the most frequent indication for GH treatment, followed by TS. While the latter is diagnosed somewhat earlier, GH treatment is not as efficacious as for patients with GHD. No major safety issues were reported during follow-up. The results, which are in accordance with the international literature, should be interpreted in the context of observational studies. FAU - Kosteria, I
Characteristic dynamics of height and weight in preschool boys with constitutional delay of growth and puberty or hypogonadotropic hypogonadism.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Constitutional delay of growth and puberty (CDGP) is a frequent variant of the normal leading to short stature and/or pubertal delay. To distinguish CDGP from hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (HH), we evaluated height, growth and weight pattern of CDGP and HH in the first 5 years of life. DESIGN AND PATIENTS: We studied retrospectively height and weight in the first 5 years (y) of life in 54 boys with CDGP and 8 boys with HH. RESULTS: In boys with CDGP, height-SDS decreased (change -0.94 (interquartile range [IQR] -1.69 to -0.05); P < 0.001) between birth and 2 years. BMI-SDS decreased (change -0.38 (IQR -1.21-0.16); P < 0.001) in the same time period. There were no significant changes in height-SDS or BMI-SDS between 2 years and 5 years, while height-SDS (change + 1.49 (IQR 1.02-1.95); P < 0.001) and BMI-SDS (change + 0.91 (IQR 0.12-1.69); P < 0.001) increased between pubertal and adult age. In boys with HH, height-SDS and BMI-SDS did not change significantly in the first 5 years of life. Height-SDS decreased (change -1.39 (IQR -1.96 to -0.67); P = 0.018) significantly between 5 years of life and puberty, while there were no significant changes in BMI-SDS in this time period. At pubertal age, BMI-SDS was significantly (P = 0.001) higher in boys with HH compared with boys with CDGP. CONCLUSION: Height deflection and weight deflection in CDGP occur already during the first two years of life in contrast to HH. This different pattern of growth and weight might be helpful to distinguish CDGP from HH.
Maternal Preeclampsia and Androgens in the Offspring around Puberty: A Follow-Up Study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Children born after preeclampsia may have a dominant androgen profile in puberty compared with other children. Circulating androgen concentrations at 11-12 years of age were compared between offspring born after preeclampsia, and children whose mothers did not have preeclampsia. METHODS: A total of 611 mother-offspring pairs were followed up 11 (daughters) or 12 (sons) years after birth: 218 pairs in the preeclampsia group, and 383 pairs without preeclampsia. Circulating total testosterone, androstenedione, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS), and insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) were measured in the children. In boys, testicular volume was also measured. RESULTS: Among girls born after preeclampsia, DHEAS concentrations were higher than in unexposed girls (p<0.001), however, girls born after preeclampsia with severe features had the lowest DHEAS levels. In contrast, testosterone concentrations were highest in girls born after preeclampsia with severe features, both compared to other girls in the preeclampsia group, and compared to unexposed girls (p<0.001). For boys, testosterone concentrations were higher in the preeclampsia group compared with unexposed boys (p<0.001), and boys born after preeclampsia with severe features had the lowest concentrations of DHEAS. Compared with unexposed boys, testicular volume (p = 0.015) and IGF-I (p = 0.004) were higher for boys in the preeclampsia group, except for boys in the clinically severe preeclampsia group. CONCLUSIONS: In utero exposure to preeclampsia is associated with androgen hormonal patterns in early puberty that depend on clinical severity of preeclampsia and sex of the offspring. The hormonal differences may reflect different timing of pubertal development, and may have consequences for future health of the offspring. FAU - Alsnes, Ingvild V
Renal transplantation in 22 children with nephropathic cystinosis.$$$ In 1989, 22 children (11 boys, 11 girls aged 8-23 years) with nephropathic cystinosis, who had received a total of 28 renal allografts over the previous 14 years, were reviewed. Nineteen were alive, of whom 17 had functioning grafts 5 months to 13 years after transplantation. The mean serum creatinine level in these 17 was 135 mumol/l. Patient and graft survival did not differ from non-cystinotic children. Persistent hypothyroidism was found in 3 patients, transient diabetes mellitus in 1, severely disturbed vision in 1 and brain atrophy in 11. Arterial hypertension was present in 16 patients. Growth retardation was universal, although in 4 patients on cyclosporin A post-transplant catch-up growth occurred. Five patients over 15 years completed puberty. Readjustment in terms of school performance was good but was less good for psychosocial development. None of the patients had ever been treated with cystine-depleting agents; the data will therefore provide a historical control group with which to compare the results from a group treated with these agents. FAU - Ehrich, J H
Associação entre lipid accumulation product (LAP) e hirsutismo na síndrome do ovário policístico.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine metabolic disorder in women between menarche and menopause. Clinical hyperandrogenism is the most important diagnostic criterion of the syndrome, which manifests as hirsutism in 70% of cases. Hirsute carriers of PCOS have high cardiovascular risk. Lipid accumulation product (LAP) is an index for the evaluation of lipid accumulation in adults and the prediction of cardiovascular risk. The aim of this study was to evaluate the association between LAP and hirsutism in women with PCOS. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional observational study of a secondary database, which included 263 patients who had visited the Hyperandrogenism Outpatient Clinic from November 2009 to July 2014. The exclusion criteria were patients without Ferriman-Gallwey index (FGI) and/or LAP data. We used the Rotterdam criteria for the diagnosis of PCOS. All patients underwent medical assessment followed by measurement and recording of anthropometric data and the laboratory tests for measurement of the following: thyroid-stimulating hormone, follicle-stimulating hormone, prolactin, total testosterone, sex hormone binding globulin, 17-α-hydroxyprogesterone (follicular phase), glycohemoglobin A1c, and basal insulin. In addition, the subjects underwent lipid profiling and oral glucose tolerance tests. Other laboratory measurements were determined according to clinical criteria. LAP and the homeostatic model assessment index (HOMA-IR) were calculated using the data obtained. We divided patients into two groups: the PCOS group with normal LAP (< 34.5) and the PCOS group with altered LAP (> 34.5) to compare the occurrence of hirsutism. For statistical analysis, we used SPSS Statistics for Windows® and Microsoft Excel programs, with descriptive (frequencies, percentages, means, and standard deviations) and comparative analyses (Student's t-test and Chi-square test). We considered relations significant when the p-value was ≤ 0.05. RESULTS: LAP was high in most patients (n = 177; 67.3%) and the FGI indicated that 58.5% of the patients (n = 154) had hirsutism. The analysis by LAP quartiles showed a positive correlation (p = 0.04) among patients with a high FGI and an upper quartile LAP (> 79.5) when compared with those with LAP < 29.0 (lower quartile). CONCLUSION: This study demonstrated an association between high LAP and hirsutism. The FGI could represent a simple and low-cost tool to infer an increased cardiovascular risk in women with PCOS.
Pituitary enlargement in patients with primary hypothyroidism.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assesses the frequency and degree of pituitary hyperplasia in patients with primary hypothyroidism, the association of pituitary enlargement with disease severity, and the response to treatment. METHODS: Between April 2002 and August 2004 at the National Center for Diabetes, Endocrinology and Genetics in Amman, Jordan, 53 patients (49 female and 4 male subjects) with primary hypothyroidism and serum thyrotropin (thyroid-stimulating hormone or TSH) levels of > or = 50 microIU/mL were encountered. Initial and follow-up investigations included thyroid function tests, serum prolactin levels, and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the pituitary. Visual field examination was requested for all patients with pituitary enlargement (and adequately completed in 24). RESULTS: Pituitary enlargement on MRI was found in 37 of the 53 patients (70%), with 31 of the 37 patients (84%) having TSH levels of > or = 100 microIU/mL. After thyroxine treatment, 85% of the patients with pituitary enlargement who underwent a follow-up MRI showed a decrease in size of the gland. About half of the patients were referred to our facility with the diagnosis of hypothyroidism; presenting features in the rest of the patients included galactorrhea, menstrual irregularities, learning disability, short stature, precocious puberty, ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome, headaches, visual field defects, and dry ichthyotic skin. CONCLUSION: The association between pituitary gland enlargement and primary hypothyroidism should be kept in mind when pituitary hyperplasia is detected on MRI, before unwarranted and drastic interventions are initiated. FAU - Khawaja, Nahla M
Growth patterns in pubertal HIV-infected adolescents and their correlation with cytokines, IGF-1, IGFBP-1, and IGFBP-3.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study aims to describe the final adult height (FAH) and pubertal growth patterns in human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-infected adolescents and to compare these to an age-matched population of seroreverting HIV-exposed, uninfected (HEU) adolescents. It further aims to evaluate the interplay of proinflammatory cytokines with insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1), insulin-like growth factor binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3), and IGFBP-1 during the pubertal growth spurt. METHODS: HIV-infected (n=34) and HEU (n=12) adolescents who had achieved FAH were evaluated. Auxologic data, viral load, CD4+ T-lymphocyte (CD4) count, and the use of highly active antiretroviral therapy were obtained via a retrospective chart review. Serum interleukin (IL)-1α, IL-6, tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-α, IGFBP-1, IGFBP-3, and IGF-1 were assessed. RESULTS: The mean FAH standard deviation score for the HIV-infected group was -0.78 (±1.1) compared to 0.05 (±0.78) for the HEU (p=0.034). There was a positive correlation between CD4 count and FAH (p=0.019). The mean age and magnitude of peak growth velocity (GV) was within normal limits. IL-1α, IL-6, TNF-α, IGFBP-3, and IGF-1 were not significantly correlated with HIV RNA or height. IGFBP-1 was detectable in 100% of poorly controlled HIV-infected patients and 25% of the HEU cohort (p=0.0003). CONCLUSIONS: The FAH of HIV-infected patients was significantly shorter than that of HEU patients, and it positively correlated with CD4 count. Our cohort demonstrated normal timing and magnitude of peak GV during puberty. FAU - Kessler, Marion
Common diseases as determinants of menopausal age.$$$ STUDY QUESTION: Can the diagnosis of common diseases before menopause influence age at natural menopause (ANM) onset? SUMMARY ANSWER: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and depression were observed to delay menopause. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: It has been observed that women who undergo early menopause experience a higher burden of health problems related to metabolic syndromes, heart disease and depression, but whether ANM can be influenced by common adult diseases has not been studied extensively. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: All women attending mammography screening or clinical mammography at four hospitals in Sweden were invited to participate in the Karolinska Mammography Project for Risk Prediction of Breast Cancer (KARMA) study. Between January 2011 and March 2013, 70 877 women were recruited. Information from the baseline questionnaire filled out upon enrollment was used in this cross-sectional analysis on predictors of ANM onset. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: We limited our analyses to 61 936 women with complete data on ANM and covariates and a follow-up time (from birth to menopause or censoring) of at least 35 years. Premenopausal diagnoses of depression, anorexia, bulimia, PCOS, ovarian cyst, heart failure, myocardial infarction, angina pectoris, stroke, preeclampsia, diabetes, hypertension and hyperlipidemia were examined as time-dependent variables in multivariable Cox regression analyses, adjusting for reproductive factors (age at menarche, menstrual cycle regularity in adult life, number of children and premenopausal oral contraceptive use) and risk factors of common diseases (education, physical activity at 18 years and information at the time of questionnaire including BMI, ever smoking and alcohol consumption). MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Women with PCOS and depression were independently associated with later menopause (hazard ratio (95% CI): 0.44 (0.28-0.71) and 0.95 (0.91-1.00), respectively), compared to women with no such histories. The associations remained significant in a subset of women who had never received gynecological surgery or hormone treatment (n = 32313, 0.21 (0.08-0.50) and 0.91 (0.85-0.98), respectively). None of the other diseases examined were significantly associated with ANM. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: Information from the questionnaire was self-reported, making recall possible, but it is unlikely that any bias was different in the strata of different factors considered. Misclassification could also have occurred in cases where the diagnoses of common diseases were close to age at last follow-up. In addition, observational studies cannot establish that the associations identified represent cause-and-effect relationships. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Our study is the first in examining multiple common diseases simultaneously as determinants of ANM. Contrary to previous reports, we did not find any significant accelerating effect of hypertension, cardiovascular disease and diabetes on ANM. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTERESTS: KARMA was financed by the Märit and Hans Rausing's Initiative Against Breast Cancer. K.R.W. is supported by the Swedish Society of Medicine and by Stockholm County Council. J.L. is a recipient of an Alex and Eva Wallström Foundation award. The authors declare that there is no conflict of interest regarding the publication of this paper.
Hypothalamic involvement predicts cardiovascular risk in adults with childhood onset craniopharyngioma on long-term GH therapy.$$$ CONTEXT: Craniopharyngioma patients without GH therapy are at an increased cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk and particularly concerning women. No previous study on long-term GH therapy in adults with childhood onset (CO) craniopharyngioma was identified. OBJECTIVE: To investigate CVD risk in adults with CO craniopharyngioma on complete hormone replacement, including long-term GH therapy, and to investigate the impact of disease-related factors on CVD risk. DESIGN AND PARTICIPANTS: In a cross-sectional study of operated CO craniopharyngiomas (1958-2000) from a defined area of Sweden (2.5 million), we enrolled 42 patients (20 women) with a median age of 28 years (range 17-57) and assessed CVD risk of 20 (4-40) years after first operation. Comparisons were made with matched controls and between patients with tumor growth into the third ventricle (TGTV) versus non-TGTV. GH therapy was 10-12 years in women and men. Results In comparison with controls, both male and female patients had increased body mass index, fat mass, insulin, and leptin levels. Overall, while not significantly increased in male patients, 55-60% of female patients had a medium-high CVD risk, compared with 10-20% in controls. An increased CVD risk (all P<0.05) and higher levels of fat mass and insulin were recorded in the TGTV group versus the non-TGTV group. Late puberty induction and lack of androgens were shown in female patients. CONCLUSIONS: Adult patients with CO craniopharyngioma, especially those with TGTV, have persistently increased CVD risk. Conventional hormone substitution, including GH, is insufficient to normalize CVD risk, suggesting an important role for irreversible hypothalamic dysfunction. FAU - Holmer, Helene
Changes in carotid artery sonogram in premature adrenarche.$$$ BACKGROUND: Premature adrenarche (PA), the appearance of pubic hair before the age of 8 years in girls and before 9 years in boys, may predict future morbidity, such as metabolic syndrome (MS). OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study is to assess carotid artery ultrasound changes in children with PA. DESIGN/METHODS: PA children were matched with a group of prepubertal controls without PA. Subjects and controls underwent clinical and biochemical evaluation and sonograms of the carotid arteries. RESULTS: Twelve children with PA and their matched controls were studied. Carotid artery ultrasonography showed elevation of the inner and outer diameter of the left carotid, and the cross-sectional area of the lumen and outer wall, and the outer diameter of the right carotid artery in PA. However, none of the above results maintained statistical significance when a Hochberg correction was applied. CONCLUSIONS: Carotid artery diameter and cross-sectional area may be useful non-invasive markers of vascular pathology and MS in premature pubarche. FAU - Mathew, Revi P
Growth and endocrine function in children with acute myeloid leukaemia after bone marrow transplantation using busulfan/cyclophosphamide.$$$ Longitudinal studies of growth and endocrine function of children with AML transplanted with BUCY are limited. We report a cohort of 23 children with AML transplanted (15 autologous and eight allogeneic) following a single chemotherapy protocol and surviving at least 2 years after BMT. Busulfan was given as a single daily dose. Growth and endocrine function was evaluated yearly from one up to 10 years post transplant (median 4.9 years). The mean height standard deviation score (HtSDS) of the entire group decreased from 0.01 (s.e.m. +/- 0.25) at diagnosis to -0.38 (+/- 0.28) at BMT (P = 0.001). There was no statistically significant difference between HtSDS at BMT and yearly HtSDS from 1 to 5 years post BMT. There was no significant relationship between age at BMT and subsequent change in HtSDS. To date, five of six girls have needed sex steroid replacement. Six of 12 evaluable boys had abnormal gonadotrophins, but none required sex steroid replacement. Children with AML who undergo BMT with BUCY show no significant growth impairment, but gonadal dysfunction is prominent, particularly in girls. Bone Marrow Transplantation (2000). FAU - Afify, Z
Insulin, insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-1, and sex hormone-binding globulin in patients with Turner's syndrome: course over age in untreated patients and effect of therapy with growth hormone alone and in combination with oxandrolone.$$$ We have studied the course over age of fasting insulin, sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), and insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-binding protein-1 (IGFBP-1) in untreated children with Turner's syndrome (TS) and measured the course of these parameters during therapy with GH alone and in combination with oxandrolone. Forty patients with TS, aged 3.7-16.4 yr, were investigated before any therapy. Fasting insulin levels increased significantly with chronological age, whereas SHBG and IGFBP-1 decreased with chronological age, and serum concentrations of these parameters were in the normal range. SHBG and IGFBP-1 were not coregulated by insulin in TS as previously reported under physiological conditions; IGFBP-1 was inversely correlated with insulin, but SHBG was not, and neither parameter was correlated with the other. Twenty-eight patients were further investigated 3, 6, 9, and 12 months after the start of GH monotherapy (12-18 IU/m2-week) and 3, 6, 9, and 12 months after the addition of oxandrolone (0.0625 mg/kg.day; n = 16). There was a significant increase in insulin levels during GH monotherapy and a further increase during combination therapy, with peak levels 3 months after the start of GH and combination therapy, respectively. Both SHBG and IGFBP-1 levels decreased significantly during GH monotherapy, with a further dramatic decrease after the addition of oxandrolone. Levels of free testosterone were unaffected by both treatment regimens. IGFBP-1 was inversely correlated with insulin concentrations at all time points after the start of therapy. SHBG was inversely correlated with IGF-I concentrations, but showed no relation to insulin concentrations during GH monotherapy. In conclusion, there were no abnormalities in serum concentrations of insulin, SHBG, and IGFBP-1 in untreated patients that could help to explain the retarded growth in patients with TS. All effects of combined GH and oxandrolone therapy on endocrine parameters such as insulin, SHBG, IGFBP-1 and IGF-I mimic the endocrine pattern normally observed during the pubertal growth spurt. Our data confirm the importance of insulin in the regulation of IGFBP-1, but do not point to a coregulation of IGFBP-1 and SHBG by insulin in patients with TS. FAU - Haeusler, G
Association between serum adiponectin levels and muscular fitness in Portuguese adolescents: LabMed Physical Activity Study.$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIM: Paradoxically, recent investigations have showed that adiponectin levels are inversely associated with muscle strength. However, to date, there is a lack of knowledge on the relationship between muscular fitness (MF) and adiponectin levels in adolescents. We aimed to examine the independent associations between MF and adiponectin levels in adolescents, controlling for several potential confounders. METHODS AND RESULTS: This is a cross-sectional analysis with 529 Portuguese adolescents aged 12-18 years. A MF score was computed as the mean of the handgrip strength and standing long jump standardized values by age and gender. We measured fasting glucose, insulin, HDL-cholesterol, C-reactive protein and adiponectin. Linear regression analysis showed a significant inverse association between adiponectin (Z-score by age and sex) and MF score, after adjustments for age, sex, pubertal stage, socioeconomic status, adherence to the Mediterranean diet, body mass index, HOMA-IR, HDL-cholesterol, C-reactive protein and cardiorespiratory fitness (unstandardized β = -0.176; p < 0.005). Analysis of covariance showed a significant difference between the Low MF/Non-overweight group and the High MF/Non-overweight Group (p < 0.05) and between the Low MF/Non-overweight and High MF/Overweight Group (p < 0.05) (F (5, 523) = 2.262, p = 0.047). CONCLUSION: Adiponectin circulating levels are inversely and independently associated with MF. In non-overweight adolescents, those with high levels of MF presented lower levels of adiponectin compared to those with Low MF. Likewise, overweight adolescents with High MF presented lower levels of serum adiponectin than non-overweight adolescents with Low MF.
Cohort profile: Pacific Islands Families (PIF) growth study, Auckland, New Zealand.$$$ PURPOSE: This article profiles a birth cohort of Pacific children participating in an observational prospective study and describes the study protocol used at ages 14-15 years to investigate how food and activity patterns, metabolic risk and family and built environment are related to rates of physical growth of Pacific children. PARTICIPANTS: From 2000 to 2015, the Pacific Islands Families Study has followed, from birth, the growth and development of over 1000 Pacific children born in Auckland, New Zealand. In 2014, 931 (66%) of the original cohort had field measures of body composition, blood pressure and glycated haemoglobin. A nested subsample (n=204) was drawn by randomly selecting 10 males and 10 females from each decile of body weight. These participants had measurement of body composition by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, food frequency, 6 min walk test and accelerometer-determined physical activity and sedentary behaviours, and blood biomarkers for metabolic disease such as diabetes. Built environment variables were generated from individual addresses. FINDINGS TO DATE: Compared to the Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) reference population with mean SD scores (SDS) of 0, this cohort of 931 14-year-olds was taller, weighed more and had a higher body mass index (BMI) (mean SDS height >0.6, weight >1.6 and BMI >1.4). 7 of 10 youth were overweight or obese. The nested-sampling frame achieved an even distribution by body weight. FUTURE PLANS: Cross-sectional relationships between body size, fatness and growth rate, food patterns, activity patterns, pubertal development, risks for diabetes and hypertension and the family and wider environment will be examined. In addition, analyses will investigate relationships with data collected earlier in the life course and measures of the cohort in the future. Understanding past and present influences on child growth and health will inform timely interventions to optimise future health and reduce inequalities for Pacific people.
Age dependency of serum insulin - like growth factor (IGF)-1 in healthy Turkish adolescents and adults.$$$ BACKGROUND: Serum levels of insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) reflect endogenous growth hormone (GH) secretion in healthy subjects. Measurements of IGF-1 are useful for diagnosis and follow-up of patients with acromegaly and the diagnosis of GH deficiency in children. AIMS: To assess age dependency and normal ranges of serum IGF-1 levels in healthy Turkish population. SETTING AND DESIGN: We therefore studied 272 healthy adolescents and adults between 15-75 years of age. None had diabetes or other endocrine disease or had received estrogen therapy. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Height, weight, body mass index (BMI) and waist-hip ratio were measured in all subjects. Serum samples were obtained during morning hours and IGF-1 was measured by radioimmunoassay. STATISTICAL ANALYSIS: The age-dependent reference range for serum IGF-1 concentrations was calculated by simple least linear regression analysis: the regression line represents the means with 95 percent confidence intervals. Correlation analysis was also done. RESULTS: Ageing was negatively related to serum levels of IGF-1 (P= 0.0001, r=-0.931) with a mean decrease (youngest vs. oldest). IGF-1 levels increased during adolescence, with the highest mean values during puberty. After puberty, a subsequent decline in serum levels of IGF-1 was apparent. There were also a significant difference according to gender; females had significantly higher levels (357.909+/-219.167 mg/L) than males (307.962+/-198.41 mg/L) (P=0.012). IGF-1 levels were correlated with body height (P=0.001, r=0.223), body weight (P=0.002,r=-0.188) and BMI (P=0.039, r=0.128). CONCLUSION: IGF-1 serum levels increase in adolescents with a peak in puberty, whereafter IGF-1 levels return to prepubertal levels. FAU - Tiryakioğlu, O
High-end normal adrenocorticotropic hormone and cortisol levels are associated with specific cardiovascular risk factors in pediatric obesity: a cross-sectional study.$$$ BACKGROUND: The hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis, and in particular cortisol, has been reported to be involved in obesity-associated metabolic disturbances in adults and in selected populations of adolescents. The aim of this study was to investigate the association between morning adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) and cortisol levels and cardiovascular risk factors in overweight or obese Caucasian children and adolescents. METHODS: This cross-sectional study of 450 obese children and adolescents (aged 4 to 18 years) was performed in a tertiary referral center. ACTH, cortisol, cardiovascular risk factors (fasting and post-challenge glucose, high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol, triglycerides, and hypertension) and insulin resistance were evaluated. All analyses were corrected for confounding factors (sex, age, puberty, body mass index), and odds ratios were determined. RESULTS: ACTH and cortisol levels were positively associated with systolic and diastolic blood pressure, triglycerides, fasting glucose and insulin resistance. Cortisol, but not ACTH, was also positively associated with LDL-cholesterol. When adjusted for confounding factors, an association between ACTH and 2 h post-oral glucose tolerance test glucose was revealed. After stratification according to cardiovascular risk factors and adjustment for possible confounding factors, ACTH levels were significantly higher in subjects with triglycerides ≥90th percentile (P <0.02) and impaired fasting glucose or glucose tolerance (P <0.001). Higher cortisol levels were found in subjects with blood pressure ≥95th percentile and LDL-cholesterol ≥90th percentile. Overall, the highest tertiles of ACTH (>5.92 pmol/l) and cortisol (>383.5 nmol/l) although within the normal range were associated with increases in cardiovascular risk factors in this population. CONCLUSIONS: In obese children and adolescents, high morning ACTH and cortisol levels are associated with cardiovascular risk factors. High ACTH levels are associated with high triglyceride levels and hyperglycemia, while high cortisol is associated with hypertension and high LDL-cholesterol. These specific relationships suggest complex mechanisms through which the HPA axis may contribute to metabolic impairments in obesity, and merit further investigations. FAU - Prodam, Flavia
Low cardiorespiratory fitness is a strong predictor for clustering of cardiovascular disease risk factors in children independent of country, age and sex.$$$ BACKGROUND AND DESIGN: Few studies have investigated the association between maximal cardiorespiratory capacity (fitness) and the clustered cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk in children and youth from culturally diverse countries. This cross-sectional study examined the association between fitness and clustered CVD risk in children and adolescents from three European countries. METHODS: Participants were 2845 randomly selected school children aged 9 or 15 years from Portugal (n=944), Denmark (n=849) and Estonia (n=1052). Cardiorespiratory fitness was determined during a maximal test on a cycle ergometer. CVD risk factors selected to assess the degree of clustering were the total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio, plasma triglycerides, insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment), sum of four skinfolds, and systolic blood pressure. RESULTS: There was a strong association between cardiorespiratory fitness and the clustering of CVD risk factors. The odds ratios for clustering in each quartile of fitness, using the quartile with the highest fitness as reference, were 13.0 [95% confidence interval (CI) 8.8-19.1]; 4.8 (95% CI 3.2-7.1) and 2.5 (95% CI 1.6-3.8), respectively, after adjusting for country, age, sex, socio-economic status, pubertal stage, family history of CVD and diabetes. In stratified analyses by age group, sex and country, similar strong patterns were observed. CONCLUSION: Low cardiorespiratory fitness is strongly associated with the clustering of CVD risk factors in children independent of country, age and sex. FAU - Anderssen, Sigmund A
Comparison of three lifecourse models of poverty in predicting cardiovascular disease risk in youth.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Childhood poverty heightens the risk of adulthood cardiovascular disease (CVD), but the underlying pathways are poorly understood. Three lifecourse models have been proposed but have never been tested among youth. We assessed the longitudinal association of childhood poverty with CVD risk factors in 10-year-old youth according to the timing, accumulation, and mobility models. METHODS: The Québec Longitudinal Study of Child Development birth cohort was established in 1998 (n = 2120). Poverty was defined as annual income below the low-income thresholds defined by Statistics Canada. Multiple imputation was used for missing data. Multivariable linear regression models adjusted for gender, pubertal stage, parental education, maternal age, whether the household was a single parent household, whether the child was overweight or obese, the child's physical activity in the past week, and family history. RESULTS: Approximately 40% experienced poverty at least once, 16% throughout childhood, and 25% intermittently. Poverty was associated with significantly elevated triglycerides and insulin according to the timing and accumulation models, although the timing model was superior for predicting insulin and the accumulation model was superior for predicting triglycerides. CONCLUSIONS: Early and prolonged exposure to poverty significantly increases CVD risk among 10-year-old youth.
Regulation of IGFBP3 gene expression in short children born small for gestational age.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Approximately 6% of newborns at term are small for gestational age (SGA) and present a birth weight and/or length less than -2SD from the mean. SGA infants are at increased risk for perinatal morbidity, associated psychological and/or mental problems, persistent short stature (about 15% of subjects) and metabolic alterations. Insulin-like growth factors (IGFs), their common receptor (IGF1R) and their binding proteins (IGFBPs) play a critical role in fetal and postnatal growth. In these genes common polymorphisms, such as single nucleotide polymorphisms and variable number of tandem repeats, have been investigated with conflicting results with respect to SGA-related outcomes, and the functional role of these gene variants remains to be elucidated. DESIGN: The study group consisted of 100 pre-pubertal short children born SGA and 94 healthy controls, matched for sex and age, recruited at the Department of Biomedicine of Development Age of the Bari University and at the Paediatric Department of the Messina Hospital. In the present study we analyzed the allelic frequency of the polymorphisms -795 G/A, -667 G/A, -396 C/T in the IGFBP3 in SGA children and their influence on the basal and insulin-stimulated transcriptional activity of the gene. RESULTS: We found that the polymorphisms -667 G/A and -396 C/T in the IGFBP3 promoter region are capable of having an effect on the transcriptional activity of the gene, although with opposing effects. Interestingly, the -667 G/A polymorphism has a negative impact on the IGFBP3 transcription, while the -396 C/T polymorphism determines an increase of the transcriptional activity of the IGFBP3 gene promoter. Interestingly, we found that the -396 C/T polymorphism correlates with lower birth length in SGA children. Most importantly, while the diminished IGFBP3 transcriptional activity induced by the -667A polymorphism was significantly recovered after insulin administration (p-value<0.05), the increased transcriptional activity caused by the -396T polymorphism was not restored to baseline levels by insulin. CONCLUSIONS: Altogether our results demonstrated that the -667 G/A and the -396 C/T polymorphisms in IGFBP3 promoter region influence the basal transcriptional activity of the gene.
Association of Acanthosis Nigricans and Insulin Resistance in Indian Children and Youth - A HOMA2-IR Based Cross-Sectional Study.$$$ INTRODUCTION: The American Diabetes Association includes acanthosis nigricans (AN) as an indicator of diabetes mellitus risk in overweight youth entering puberty. Some argue that AN is not an independent predictor of insulin resistance (IR), when body mass index (BMI) is controlled for. There is a paucity of studies on the association of AN and IR among children and young adults from India. Homeostatic model assessment-IR (HOMA2-IR), a computerized updated model, which is supposed to be superior to HOMA1-IR, has rarely been used for quantification of IR. METHODS: Sixty cases (irrespective of BMI), aged 2-24 years with AN, and 30 age- and sex-matched normal weight controls were included. A thorough clinical examination and grading of AN was done. BMI, fasting glucose levels, and fasting insulin levels were measured for all. HOMA-IR calculator V.2.2.3 was used to calculate IR. Those with HOMA 2-IR >1.8 were considered insulin-resistant. Lifestyle modifications were advised for patients with IR. RESULTS: The mean HOMA2-IR value in cases and controls was 2.422 and 1.322, respectively, which was statistically significant. Overweight and obese cases had 2.5 and 11.25 times higher risk of having IR, respectively, by logistic regression. The association of AN with IR was found to be statistically significant in normal weight cases when compared with controls (P = 0.045). Grade 4 of neck severity (P = 0.007), Grade 3 of neck texture (P = 0.001), and Grade 4 of axillary severity (P = 0.001) of AN were found to be significantly associated with IR. LIMITATIONS: The relatively small sample size may not reflect the accuracy of AN as a marker of IR. CONCLUSION: Acanthosis nigricans is associated with IR in both normal and obese. We propose that all children, adolescents, and youth with AN be screened for IR irrespective of BMI. Early identification and prompt lifestyle interventions may prevent or delay the onset of diabetes later. FAU - Nithun, T M
Epidemiology of endometrial cancer.$$$ For a population-based, case-control study of cancer of the endometrium in Greater Boston from 1965 through mid-1969, 440 cases were drawn from nearly all hospitals in the area; controls were drawn at random from the general population. The age-adjusted incidence rate was 18.1/100,000 woman-years, with a peak at ages 55-59 and a gradual decline thereafter. Information was provided from 212 cases and 1,198 controls by mall questionnaire. A trend of reduced risk of endometrial cancer with increased parity was noted, the relative incidence (RI) for multiparous women being 0.3 compared to a RI of unity for married nulliparous women. The association of risk with age at first birth was irregular. Early menarche (RI=1.6) and late menopause (RI=1.7) were associated with increased risk of disease. Endometrial cancer risk was also found to be directly related to socioeconomic status, relative weight, diabetes, hypertension, and arthritis. The findings supported the idea that hormone activity during, and perhaps after, reproductive life is an important cause of this disease. FAU - Elwood, J M
Prospective associations between sugar-sweetened beverage intakes and cardiometabolic risk factors in adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: High sugar-sweetened beverage (SSB) consumption is associated with cardiometabolic disturbances in adults, but this relation is relatively unexplored in children and adolescents. OBJECTIVE: We tested the hypothesis that higher SSB intakes are associated with increases in cardiometabolic risk factors between 14 and 17 y of age. DESIGN: Data were provided by 1433 adolescent offspring from the Western Australian Pregnancy Cohort (Raine) Study. At 14 and 17 y of age, SSB intakes were estimated by using a food-frequency questionnaire; body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, blood pressure, fasting serum lipids, glucose, and insulin were measured, and overall cardiometabolic risk was estimated. Prospective associations between cardiovascular disease risk factors and SSB intake were examined with adjustment for age, pubertal stage, physical fitness, socioeconomic status, and major dietary patterns. RESULTS: The average SSB intake in consumers (89%) was 335 g/d or 1.3 servings/d. Girls who moved into the top tertile of SSB consumption (>1.3 servings/d) between 14 and 17 y of age had increases in BMI (3.8%; 95% CI: 1.8%, 5.7%), increased overweight and obesity risk (OR: 4.8, 95% CI: 2.1, 11.4), and greater overall cardiometabolic risk (OR: 3.2; 95% CI: 1.6, 6.2) (all P-trend ≤ 0.001). Girls and boys who moved into the top tertile of SSB intake showed increases in triglycerides (7.0-8.4%; P-trend ≤ 0.03), and boys showed reductions in HDL cholesterol (-3.1%; 95% CI: -6.2%, 0.1%; P-trend < 0.04) independent of BMI. Some associations were attenuated after adjustment for major dietary patterns. CONCLUSION: Increased SSB intake may be an important predictor of cardiometabolic risk in young people, independent of weight status. FAU - Ambrosini, Gina Leslie
Auxological and endocrinological evaluation of children with hydrocephalus and/or meningomyelocele.$$$ Short stature and precocious puberty are frequently found in children with hydrocephalus and/or meningomyelocele (MMC). However, aetiology and pathophysiology have not been well characterized. In this study, 108 patients aged between 3 and 17.8 years were evaluated. Growth was documented on the basis of arm span measurements. Short arm span was found in 47 (43.5%) children with hydrocephalus and/or MMC. Mean arm span was -2.0 standard deviation score (SDS) (-6.4 to +0.8) in 43 girls and -14 SDS (-5.6 to +1.3) in 65 boys. When growth deficiency (more than -2.0 SDS) was diagnosed by arm span measurement (24 F, 23 M) or when early sexual maturation was found (6 F, 9 M), endocrine evaluation followed. Levels of serum insulin-like growth factor and insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 were low in 22 of 62 (33.8%) patients. In 9 of 62 (14.5%) patients, insulin-like growth factor-1 and insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 levels were found to be increased. Growth hormone (GH) deficiency was diagnosed by means of two different stimulation tests (clonidine and arginine) in 7 of 62 (11.3%) patients. In another 3 of 62 (4.8%) children, 12 h night time GH sampling showed low maximum peak levels and decreased area under the curve values, suggesting neurosecretory GH dysfunction. Precocious puberty or early onset of puberty associated with elevated luteinising hormone and follicle stimulating hormone concentrations after stimulation with luteinising hormone releasing hormone was found in 13 of 108 (12.0%) patients (age 7-9 years). Free thyroxine was abnormally low in 2 of 62 (3.2%) patients. Cortisol was within the normal range in all 62 (100%) tested patients. CONCLUSIONS: Short arm span in children with hydrocephalus and/or MMC is frequently accompanied by GH deficiency or neurosecretory GH dysfunction. Early onset of puberty is another frequent finding. Both hormonal disorders may be the consequence of damage to the hypothalamus or the pituitary gland caused by increased intracerebral pressure or increased mass of cerebrospinal fluid. FAU - Hochhaus, F
Association of female reproductive factors with body composition: the Framingham Heart Study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Identifying reproductive risk factors in women offers a life course approach to obesity and cardiovascular disease prevention. The association of female reproductive factors with measures of regional body fat distribution has not been comprehensively studied. METHODS: We examined the association of female reproductive factors (age at menarche, parity, age at natural menopause, menopausal status) in association with body composition data from women who participated in the Offspring and the Third Generation Framingham Heart Study cohorts. Visceral adipose tissue (VAT) and sc adipose tissue (SAT) were measured volumetrically by multidetector computerized tomography. We modeled the relationship between each fat depot and female reproductive factors after adjusting for various factors such as age, smoking status, alcohol intake, physical activity index, hormone replacement therapy, and menopausal status. RESULTS: Earlier age at menarche was associated with increased body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), VAT, and SAT (P < 0.0001). This association of earlier menarche with adiposity measures was attenuated after adjusting for BMI (all P > 0.70). We observed no association between parity and all parameters of adiposity measurements (all P > 0.24). Similarly, age at natural menopause was not associated with measures of body composition. Despite higher mean BMI among the post- (BMI 27.3 kg/m(2)) compared with the premenopausal women (BMI 25.9 kg/m(2)) in an age-matched analysis, mean VAT was not different between the two groups (P = 0.30). CONCLUSIONS: Earlier menarche is associated with overall obesity but not with VAT or SAT after accounting for measures of generalized adiposity. Parity and menopausal age were not associated with adiposity measures. Although postmenopausal women had increased BMI, VAT, and SAT, the association was predominantly due to age. FAU - Trikudanathan, Subbulaxmi
Left ventricular dysfunction in obese children and adolescents with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.$$$ Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) may increase the risk for cardiac dysfunction. The present study aimed to determine whether, in children, NAFLD is associated with subclinical left ventricular (LV) structural and functional abnormalities independently of metabolic risk factors. We performed a complete echocardiographic study including tissue Doppler imaging, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) for measurement of hepatic fat fraction (HFF) and abdominal fat mass distribution, along with lipid profile, insulin sensitivity, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein in 108 obese children, 54 with (HFF ≥5%) and 54 without NAFLD, and 18 lean healthy subjects. The three groups were matched for age, gender, and pubertal status, and obese children with NAFLD were matched for body mass index/standard deviation score with those without NAFLD. Forty-one of the children with NAFLD underwent liver biopsy. Compared to controls and children without liver involvement, those with NAFLD had features of LV diastolic dysfunction, including higher E-to-e' ratio and lower e' tissue velocity. The Tei index (reflecting the combined systolic and diastolic LV function) was also significantly higher in NAFLD children. Among children with biopsy-proven NAFLD, 26 had definite nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and 15 were not-NASH. Patients with definite-NASH had significantly lower e' velocity and significantly higher E-to-e' and Tei index (P < 0.001, respectively) than those without NASH. In multiple logistic regression analysis, NAFLD was the only statistically significant variable associated with increased E-to-e' ratio, whereas NAFLD and systolic blood pressure were significantly associated with increased Tei index. CONCLUSION: Asymptomatic obese children with NAFLD exhibit features of early LV diastolic and systolic dysfunction, and these abnormalities are more severe in those with NASH.
Childhood obesity is associated with shorter leukocyte telomere length.$$$ CONTEXT: Obesity in adults is associated with shorter mean leukocyte telomere length (LTL), a marker of biological age that is also associated with age-related conditions including cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. However, studies of childhood obesity and LTL have proved inconclusive. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to clarify the relationship between telomere length and childhood obesity by measuring the average LTL in a large case-control cohort. PARTICIPANTS AND METHODS: LTL was measured in 793 French children aged 2-17 yr (471 with early onset obesity and 322 nonobese controls) using multiplex quantitative real-time PCR. The average LTL in the two groups was compared, and the relationships between telomere length and selected anthropometric and biochemical measurements were examined. RESULTS: Obese children had a mean LTL that was 23.9% shorter than that of nonobese children (P < 0.0001). Telomere length was inversely associated with age (R = -0.17, P = 0.002 in controls; R = -0.15, P = 0.001 in cases), log weight (R= -0.13, P = 0.017 in controls; R = -0.16, P = 0.0004 in cases), and height (R = -0.15, P = 0.008 in controls; R = -0.17, P = 0.0002 in cases). The mean LTL of girls and boys was not significantly different in either the cases or controls or in the group overall. CONCLUSION: Obese girls and boys have significantly shorter leukocyte telomeres than their nonobese counterparts, a finding that highlights a potentially deleterious impact of early onset obesity on future health. FAU - Buxton, Jessica L
Serum sphingolipids and inflammatory mediators in adolescents at risk for metabolic syndrome.$$$ The purpose of this study was to determine low-grade inflammation associated with obesity that is mediated partially by TNF-α, an adipocytokine which stimulates sphingomyelinase activity in adipocytes. Circulating ceramide (Cer) and sphingosine 1-phosphate (S1P) are elevated in genetically obese (ob/ob) mice. We aimed to determine whether serum sphingolipid concentrations correlate with measures of obesity, insulin resistance, and lipid profiles in overweight versus lean adolescents. This cross-sectional study recruited 30 healthy overweight (body mass index, BMI ≥ 85%) and 15 lean (BMI 10-84%) adolescents. Anthropometric measurements and fasting blood samples were collected at one clinic visit. Serum glucose, insulin, and fasting lipid profiles were measured. Serum adipocytokine concentrations were measured by ELISA or colorimetric assay and sphingolipids were measured by HPLC-mass spectrometry. Between group differences in serum sphingolipid concentrations were assessed. Correlations between sphingolipid concentrations and (i) body mass index, (ii) calculated homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), (iii) adipocytokines, and (iv) lipoproteins were determined. The results showed that significant differences in HOMA-IR (4.5 ± 3.2 vs. 1.2 ± 0.7), free fatty acids (0.8 ± 0.3 mmol/l vs. 0.4 ± 0.3 mmol/l), and adiponectin (6.4 ± 3.8 vs. 12.6 ± 9.9 μg/ml) were seen between groups (overweight vs. lean). There were significant correlations between Cer and TNF-α (r = 0.429), S1P and TNF-α (r = 0.288), Cer and adiponectin (r = 0.321), Cer:S1P and adiponectin (r = 0.324), Cer and HOMA-IR (r = 0.307), and Cer:S1P and LDL cholesterol (r = 0.453); these associations persisted after adjustment for BMI Z-score, sex, and Tanner stage. We concluded that elevated sphingolipid concentrations correlate with TNF-α, adiponectin, lipoprotein profiles, and HOMA-IR. Ceramide is associated with atherogenic lipid profiles and the development of insulin resistance in obese adolescents, similar to adults. FAU - Majumdar, I
Longitudinal changes in bone-testis axis and their associations with insulin resistance in 11- to 12-year-old boys.$$$ PURPOSE: Associations between osteocalcin (OCN), an osteoblast-specific hormone, and different markers of energy metabolism and insulin resistance have been reported in adults, but few studies have investigated this in children. The aim of the current study was to investigate serum OCN levels during pubertal development in normal weight (NW) and overweight (OW) boys, and to evaluate possible associations of OCN with body composition, testosterone, insulin resistance and adipocytokine values during puberty. METHODS: Ninety 11- to 12-year-old boys were investigated at 12-month intervals over the next 2years. Boys were divided by their BMI into NW (n=60) and OW (n=30) groups. Serum OCN, testosterone, leptin, adiponectin, insulin, HOMA-IR score, and body composition were measured. RESULTS: Pubertal development over the 2-year period was similar in both groups. Serum OCN was not different at the beginning of the study and increased similarly in both groups. However, at the end of the study, NW had higher OCN than OW (142.9±5.2 vs. 124.0±7.4ng/ml; p<0.05). OW had higher leptin, insulin and HOMA-IR compared to NW, and these differences remained significant through the 2-year period. Testosterone, insulin and HOMA-IR increased through the study period in both groups. In multiple regression analyses increment in OCN was associated with the increase in testosterone in NW (p<0.001) and OW (p=0.049) boys. Increment in OCN was also associated with the increase in insulin (p=0.019) and HOMA-IR (p=0.012) over the 2-year period in NW boys. CONCLUSION: Serum OCN concentration increases in puberty and the increment is positively associated with the rise in testosterone level in both NW and OW boys. The positive association between the rise in OCN and insulin in NW boys would suggest that OCN may have a role in the development of insulin resistance.
[The epidemiology of type 1 diabetes in children and adolescents in north-east Poland in the period 1988-1999].$$$ AIM: The studies performed in many European countries show the increasing tendency of the incidence of type 1 diabetes in different regions of our continent. The aim of study was the evaluation of incidence of type 1 diabetes in children and adolescents in north-east Poland in the period 1988-1999 and its analysis according to sex, age, place of residence and season of diabetes diagnosis. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Diabetic outpatient clinic and II Department of Pediatrics at Medical Academy in Białystok take medical care of children and adolescents in north-east macroregion of Poland (administrative border from 1975) with 4% population of Poland. Retrospective study was performed in the period 1.01.1988-31.12.1999. All new cases of diabetes in 0-18 years old children and adolescents were registered. Incidence index of IDDM was expressed by ratio of new diabetes cases to 100 000 age-selected population. The number of population was taken from Demographic Yearbooks 1988-1999 of Central Statistical Office. RESULTS: During twelve-year observation of developmental age population living in north-east Poland diagnosis of diabetes type 1 was established in 421 persons: 221 boys (52.5%) and 200 girls (47.5%). Incidence index for the whole region was 7.33 (4.6-10.1). The analysis of the patient age at the diagnosis revealed rarer occurrence of diabetes in children under 5 years - 53 persons (12.5%). The type 1 diabetes was more often recognized in pubertal period - 188 persons (44.65%). The highest increase in incidence of diabetes was noted in 5-14 years old persons and it reached 17/100,000 in 1999. The analysis of the place of residence showed the increase of diabetes incidence of only in country regions. It was the same in towns. The diabetes manifested itself more often in autumn and winter than in summer period. CONCLUSION: 1) The incidence of type 1 diabetes mellitus in north-east Poland rised significantly from 4.6 in 1988 to 10.1 in 1999. The identification of the etiological factors and prevention of disease may be necessary. 2) The seasonal incidence of type 1 diabetes confirms the real participation of environmental factors in etiopathogenesis of the disease. FAU - Peczyńska, J
The aromatase inhibitor letrozole increases epiphyseal growth plate height and tibial length in peripubertal male mice.$$$ Sex hormones may influence longitudinal growth, either indirectly, by affecting the growth-hormone-insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) axis, or directly, by affecting changes within the epiphyseal growth plate (EGP). The aim of the present study was to investigate the effects of letrozole, an aromatase inhibitor, on longitudinal growth and changes in the EGP in vivo. Eighteen peripubertal male mice were divided into three groups. The first group was killed at baseline, the second was injected with letrozole (Femara) s.c., 2 mg/kg body weight/day, for 10 days, and the third was injected with the vehicle alone. Serum testosterone levels were found to be significantly higher in the treated group than in the controls. Letrozole induced a significant increase in body weight, tail length and serum growth hormone level, but had no significant effect on the level of serum IGF-I. On histomorphometric study, there was a significant increase (12%) in EGP height in the treated animals compared with controls. Immunohistochemistry showed a 3.4-fold letrozole-induced increase in the proliferation of the EGP chondrocytes, as estimated by the number of proliferation cell nuclear antigen-stained cells, and a decrease in the differentiation of the EGP chondrocytes, as estimated by type X collagen staining. Letrozole did not interfere with type II collagen levels. The study group also showed a twofold increase in the number of IGF-I receptor-positive cells compared with controls. In conclusion, the aromatase inhibitor, letrozole, appears to increase the linear growth potential of the EGP in mice. FAU - Eshet, R
Socio-economic position and cardiovascular risk in rural Indian adolescents: evidence from the Andhra Pradesh children and parents study (APCAPS).$$$ OBJECTIVES: This study examined association between socio-economic position and cardiovascular risk factors in adolescents to investigate whether childhood socio-economic position is a risk factor for future cardiovascular disease, independently of adult behaviours. STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: Participants (n = 1128, 46% girls, aged 13-18 years) were members of a birth cohort (Andhra Pradesh Children and Parents Study or APCAPS) established to investigate long-term effects of a pregnancy and childhood nutritional supplementation trial conducted in 29 villages near Hyderabad in South India. Cross-sectional associations between socio-economic position and cardiovascular risk factors were examined using linear regression models. RESULTS: The mean BMI was 16.7 kg/m(2) for boys and 17.8 kg/m(2) for girls. Socio-economic position was positively associated with fat mass index (0.15 kg/m(2); 95% CI: 0.05-0.25) and inversely associated with central-peripheral skinfold ratio (-0.04; 95% CI: -0.06 to -0.01) and, in boys, fasting triglycerides (-0.05; 95% CI: -0.09 to -0.01). Association of socio-economic position with other risk factors (blood pressure, arterial stiffness, fasting glucose, insulin and cholesterol) was weak and inconsistent, and did not persist after adjustment for potential confounders, including age, sex, pubertal stage, height, adiposity and nutrition supplementation. CONCLUSIONS: The study thus showed that lower socio-economic position may be associated with greater central adiposity and higher triglyceride levels in these settings. Socio-economic gradient in cardiovascular risk may strengthen in future with later economic and lifestyle changes. Cardiovascular disease prevention strategies should therefore focus on the youth from the low income group.
Growth and endocrine function following bone marrow transplantation for thalassemia major.$$$ Thalassemia major (TM) patients frequently suffer from growth delay and endocrine dysfunction. Thirty-two TM patients who had survived more than 2 years after bone marrow transplantation (BMT) were recruited for growth and endocrine study. Patients were followed up annually for growth, and the height was expressed as height standard deviation score (HtSDS). The HtSDS at baseline was -1.51 and was more reduced in patients older than 7 years (-1.99) as compared with those younger patients (-0.79) (p =.027). The HtSDS gradually improved after BMT and increased by 0.59 (CI 0.16-1.01) at 5 years after BMT. Forty percent of patients were below 2 SD at time of BMT but this decreased to 15% at the latest assessment. The hormonal profiles of gonadotrophins, sex hormones, and thyroid function were assayed regularly after BMT. With a median follow-up of 67 months, ovarian failure was universal among the 10 girls evaluable for puberty and all required hormonal replacement. Eight of 10 boys had spontaneous puberty but 3 of them had gonadal impairment. One patient developed diabetes mellitus and one had growth hormone deficiency after BMT. In conclusion, improvement of growth after BMT in TM was common. Gonadal failure is universal in girls, and boys were less affected. FAU - Li, Chi Kong
Sex differences in infant body composition emerge in the first 5 months of life.$$$ Background Sex differences in body composition are appreciated throughout the lifespan with probable contributions from sex steroids: testosterone and estrogen. The purpose of this longitudinal observational study was to determine if sex differences in body composition emerge during the first months of life in healthy infants, corresponding to the age at which male infants produce endogenous testosterone. Methods Linear growth and body composition parameters using air displacement plethysmography were obtained from 602 healthy infants after birth and again at 5 months of age. Rate of change in body composition parameters were compared between sexes. Results Sex differences in length, total mass, fat free mass (FFM), and percent fat mass (%FM) were present both at birth and at 5 months (p < 0.001 for all), with males having greater total mass and FFM but lower %FM. Gain in %FM over the first 5 months was significantly lower in males (p = 0.0004). This difference was secondary to a gain of 17 g/week more in FFM in males compared to females. Conclusions Sex differences in body composition emerge in the first months of life, with lower adiposity accumulation in males. Endogenous testosterone production in males ~1-4 months of age may account for findings and may have lifelong implications for sex differences in body composition. FAU - Davis, Shanlee M
Clinical and Genetic Characterization of a Constitutional Delay of Growth and Puberty Cohort.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Constitutional delay of growth and puberty (CDGP) is the most prevalent cause of delayed puberty in both sexes. Family history of delayed puberty (2 or more affected members in a family) has been evidenced in 50-75% of patients with CDGP and the inheritance is often consistent with autosomal dominant pattern, with or without complete penetrance. However, the molecular basis of CDGP is not completely understood. OBJECTIVE: To characterize the clinical and genetic features of a CDGP cohort. METHODS: Fifty-nine patients with CDGP (48 boys and 11 girls) underwent careful and long-term clinical evaluation. Genetic analysis was performed using a custom DNA target enrichment panel designed to capture 36 known and candidate genes implicated with pubertal development. RESULTS: All patients had spontaneous or induced pubertal development (transient hormonal therapy) prior to 18 years of age. The mean clinical follow-up time was 46 ± 28 months. Male predominance (81%), short stature (91%), and family history of delayed puberty (59%) were the main clinical features of this CDGP -cohort. Genetic analyses revealed 15 rare heterozygous missense variants in 15 patients with CDGP (25%) in seven different genes (IGSF10, GHSR, CHD7, SPRY4, WDR11, SEMA3A,and IL17RD). IGSF10 and GHSR were the most prevalent affected genes in this group. CONCLUSIONS: Several rare dominant variants in genes implicated with GnRH migration and metabolism were identified in a quarter of the patients with familial or sporadic CDGP, suggesting genetic heterogeneity in this frequent pediatric condition.
Changes in resting energy expenditure and their relationship to insulin resistance and weight gain: a longitudinal study in pre-pubertal children (EarlyBird 17).$$$ BACKGROUND & AIMS: In adults, adjustments in resting energy expenditure (REE) are used to defend energy balance against disturbance caused by over-and under-nutrition, and may be linked to changes in insulin resistance and leptin. Little is known of these associations in children. Our aim was to test the hypothesis that long-term weight gain in children is met with adaptive changes in resting energy expenditure, mediated by insulin resistance and/or leptin. METHODS: REE by indirect calorimetry, anthropometry, body composition by DEXA, insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and serum leptin were measured annually in 232 children from the age of 7-10 y. RESULTS: REE rose from 7 to 10 y, and the rise exceeded that predicted by the concurrent rise in fat and fat-free mass by 184 kcal/day in the boys and by 160 kcal/day in the girls. However, there were no significant relationships in either gender between this 'excess' rise in REE and change in body composition (r < or = 0.08, p > or = 0.42). The rise in both boys and girls was associated with, but not explained by, a rise in insulin resistance (p < or = 0.002). There was no association with serum leptin (p > or = 0.32). CONCLUSIONS: The data do not support the hypothesis of adaptive changes in REE in pre-pubertal children, and insulin resistance explains very little of the pre-pubertal rise in REE. The rise in REE beyond that explained by changes in body composition may reflect an increase in energy requirements prior to puberty.
Histrelin implantation in the pediatric population: A 10-year institutional experience.$$$ PURPOSE: To perform the largest review of the safety and clinical management practices of histrelin implantation in children. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study was performed including all patients (age ≤ 20) that underwent histrelin implant insertion, replacement, or removal by a single surgeon at a large pediatric tertiary care center (2008-2017). Data analyzed included patient demographics, procedure details, and complications. RESULTS: A total of 377 patients, with a mean age of 9.3 ± 2.4 years, underwent 866 unique procedures (352 insertions, 329 replacements, and 185 removals) for a diagnosis of either central precocious puberty (343 patients, 821 cases) or gender identity disorder (34 patients, 45 cases). There were 271 (72%) female patients, 72 (19%) male patients, and 34 (9%) children in gender transition. Procedures were performed in three settings: 415 (47.9%) in the outpatient clinic, 401 (46.3%) in a sedation unit, and 50 (5.8%) in the operating room. The preferred setting shifted over time to more clinic-based procedures (9.4% vs. 62.9% in the first five vs. second five years, respectively). Complications were rare (1% of cases). CONCLUSION: Histrelin implantation in the pediatric population is safe, with minimal morbidity. Implantation and removal in the clinic setting are appropriate for the majority of patients. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: Treatment study; Level IV.
Endocrine and metabolic disorders in β-thalassemiamajor patients.$$$ BACKGROUND: Thalassemia is the most common hereditary anemia and beta thalassemia major is its most severe form. Endocrine abnormalities in thalassemia major are common disturbing complications that need prompt management. The purpose of this study was to determine the endocrine disorders and bone mineral density in patients with major  -thalassemia in . METHODS: In this cross- sectional study, 77 patients with - thalassemia major (15-36 years old) were enrolled. Physical examination, laboratory tests, bone radiography and bone density measurements were performed. Then, the data were analyzed. RESULTS: Forty patients were males. The mean age was 21.26±4.53 years old. The mean BMI was 20.15±2.79 kg/m(2). Impaired puberty, short stature, hypothyroidism, diabetes mellitus, IGT, hypoparathyroidism, vitamin D deficiency and vitamin D insufficiency were observed in 46.8%, 33.8%, 18.2%, 16.9%, 13%, 7.8%, 45.5% and 24.7% of patients, respectively. Nearly 80% of patients had low bone mineral density. Bone mineral density was significantly associated with hypogonadism (p=0.001), short stature (p=0.026), hypoparathyroidism (p=0.031), hypothyroidism (p=0.048), diabetes mellitus (p=0.002) and vitamin D deficiency (p<0.001). CONCLUSION: Impaired puberty and short stature were the most common endocrine complications in our population. Low bone density (osteopenia, osteoporosis) is significantly different in β-thalassemic patients with and without endocrine complications. FAU - Saffari, Fatemeh
Alterations in hypothalamic insulin-like growth factor-I and its associations with gonadotropin releasing hormone neurones during reproductive development and ageing.$$$ Insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) is thought to play a role in the onset of reproductive ability at puberty and the control of reproductive function throughout adult life. It is believed that these effects are mediated at least in part by the activation of gonadotropin releasing hormone (GnRH) neurones by IGF-I, but the interactions of IGF-I with GnRH neurones in vivo are largely unknown. We first examined the anatomical relationship between GnRH and IGF-I cells in neuroendocrine regions. Using double-label immunocytochemistry, we observed that in the preoptic area-anterior hypothalamus (POA-AH), the site of GnRH perikarya, the majority (78%) of GnRH cell bodies expressed IGF-I immunoreactivity. IGF-I immunoreactivity was also high in the median eminence, the site of GnRH release, and GnRH neuroterminals were seen to interweave among IGF-I-immunopositive cells. Due to this substantial overlap of GnRH and IGF-I immunoreactive elements, we then tested the hypothesis that changes in IGF-I may regulate the GnRH system. Animals were examined at the two important reproductive life transitions: puberty and reproductive senescence. IGF-I mRNA levels were measured in POA-AH and medial basal hypothalamus-median eminence (MBH-ME) and effects of IGF-I treatment on GnRH mRNA levels were quantified by RNase protection assay. Although IGF-I treatment did not alter GnRH gene expression, there were significant alterations in hypothalamic IGF-I gene expression at both puberty and reproductive senescence. During puberty, IGF-I mRNA levels in the MBH-ME of rats increased from the juvenile stage (P25) to the day of vaginal opening (P35), and from the day of vaginal opening to young adulthood (P45) in the POA-AH. During reproductive ageing, IGF-I mRNA levels were significantly lower in middle-aged than young rats, particularly in the MBH-ME. At all ages, IGF-I expression was greater in the MBH-ME than in the POA-AH. These experiments demonstrate that: (i) the majority of adult GnRH neurones are immunopositive for the IGF-I protein; (ii) hypothalamic IGF-I levels increase at the onset of reproductive function and decrease at reproductive senescence in a regionally specific manner; and (iii) despite the presence of IGF-I in GnRH perikarya, IGF-I does not affect GnRH gene expression, suggesting that IGF-I may act at the level of GnRH release rather than gene expression. FAU - Miller, B H
Open spina bifida: outcome for a complete cohort treated unselectively and followed into adulthood.$$$ Between 1963 and 1970, 117 consecutive cases of open spina bifida were treated unselectively from birth, following a full neurological examination. The author reviews the outcome 16 to 20 years later. 48 died before their sixteenth birthday. Of the 69 survivors, 60 had had a shunt inserted and two were blind following shunt dysfunction; 22 were mentally retarded (IQ less than 80); 35 were wheelchair-dependent; 52 were incontinent, and 32 of these continued to need help with its management; nine weighed greater than 75 kg; one-third of both sexes had a precocious puberty; three had insulin-dependent diabetes; 12 continued to need anticonvulsant drugs; 32 had suffered from pressure sores; 33 were unable to live without help or supervision and only 17 were capable of open employment. These findings demonstrate the wide range of disabilities implied by the diagnosis of open spina bifida. The neurological findings recorded at birth were reflected in the mortality and disability of the survivors. The sensory level represented a yardstick for predicting the likely range of handicap into adult life, provided no additional impairment resulted from serious complications: such damage occurred in seven of the survivors. FAU - Hunt, G M
Cardiovascular risk factors and non-invasive assessment of subclinical atherosclerosis in youth.$$$ Our understanding of the natural history of atherosclerosis in childhood and its response to cardiovascular (CV) risk factor reduction have been hampered by the lack of a reliable, non-invasive measure of atherosclerosis. Carotid intima media thickness (IMT), a surrogate marker of atherosclerosis in adults, is increased in youth heterozygous for familial hypercholesterolemia (FH) and declines with lipid lowering pharmacotherapy. The age at which vascular changes can be reliably identified using IMT and the influence of CV risk factors beyond FH on IMT remains unclear. OBJECTIVE: To examine the influence of demographic, family history, anthropometric characteristics and traditional CV risk factors on IMT in children 5-16 years of age (mean age 11 year). METHODS: In a cross-sectional study, we assessed IMT in 148 children (51 with elevated low density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol, 44 with overweight and 53 controls). Measures included: family history of premature coronary heart disease (CHD), physical activity, pubertal stage, smoking history, fasting glucose, insulin, lipid profile, apolipoproteins A1 and B, anthropometry, blood pressure and IMT. RESULTS: The groups were similar for age and family history of premature CHD. Compared to controls, average maximum IMT (0.403+/-0.04 vs 0.387+/-0.029) and average mean IMT were elevated in the hyperlipidemia group (p<0.05), but not in the overweight group (max IMT 0.393+/-0.034; p vs control=0.17). Using multiple regression modelling, age, family history of premature CHD and apoliprotein A1 and B predicted 17% of the variability in IMT. No measure of adiposity predicted IMT. CONCLUSION: Age is an important predictor of IMT in youth. Among traditional CV risk factors, dyslipidemia and family history of premature CHD are independent predictors of IMT.
Growth without growth hormone: growth pattern and final height of five patients with idiopathic combined pituitary hormone deficiency.$$$ BACKGROUND: Growth without GH has been reported in patients with organic combined pituitary hormone deficiency (CPHD) after resection of craniopharyngiomas and hypothalamic tumours or in septo-optic dysplasia. METHODS: This study describes the growth pattern and final height of five children (four boys, one girl) with idiopathic CPHD (GH, TSH, ACTH, LH and FSH) who maintained normal growth despite persistent GH deficiency throughout the growth period. RESULTS: Presenting findings were borderline small penis in two children diagnosed at ages 3 and 9 years, and absence of pubertal signs in three adolescents diagnosed at age 12.8-13.7 years. The latter three patients also exhibited acromegaloid features. The height of all patients was within the 10-25th percentiles, and weight at the 25-50th percentiles. Although they were moderately overweight, accelerated weight gain was not observed. Prepubertal growth rate was 4-5 cm/year. The pubertal growth period, starting after initiation of sex hormone therapy (chronological age 15.9-16.3 years and bone age 12.5-14.5 years) continued for 4-5.5 years. Total pubertal growth was 6-11.7 cm with reduced growth spurt. Final height, which was attained at an advanced age (19-22 years), was 170-179 cm in the boys and 164 cm in the girl, equal to or exceeding the target height range. Repeated hormonal evaluations revealed undetectable GH and IGF-I levels, and no evidence of hyperprolactinaemia or hyperinsulinism. CONCLUSIONS: Final height attainment within or above target height range may occur in patients with idiopathic CPHD despite persistent GHD. As this was not mediated by GH, IGF-I, insulin or prolactin, some other growth factors probably played a growth-promoting role. FAU - Lazar, Liora
Is premature adrenarche a risk factor for atherogenesis?$$$ BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to evaluate serum lipids and atherosclerosis risk in children with premature adrenarche (PA) in comparison with age-matched controls. METHODS: Lipid profile, glucose, insulin, and insulin-like growth factor binding protein-1 (IGFBP-1) levels were studied in 24 girls with premature adrenarche and 13 healthy age-matched controls after overnight fasting. RESULTS: The bone age, weight and body mass index were higher in the premature adrenarche group than the control group. Systolic, diastolic and mean arterial blood pressure of patients were higher than controls. The mean total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C), very low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (VLDL-C), TC/high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) and LDL-C/HDL-C ratio, and atherogenic index were significantly higher in the premature adrenarche group compared to the control group. There was no significant difference in the levels of apolipoprotein A1, apolipoprotein B and lipoprotein (a) in both groups. In the premature adrenarche group there were inverse correlations between the levels of IGFBP-1 and TC/HDL-C (rho, -0.54; P, 0.011), and LDL-C/HDL-C (rho, -0.50; P < 0.05) and atherogenic index (AI; rho, -0.54; P < 0.05). Dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate levels of the patients was negatively correlated with AI and TC/HDL-C (rho, -0.0503, P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Girls with premature adrenarche should be investigated for serum lipids, and atherogenic risk criteria should be assessed periodically in the follow up of patients with PA, as PA seems to be a risk factor for future atherosclerosis. FAU - Güven, Ayla
Bone mineral density acquisition in peripubertal female rhythmic gymnasts is directly associated with plasma IGF1/IGF-binding protein 3 ratio.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Intense physical activity in peripubertal girls may delay menarche and cause menstrual disorders and estrogen deficiency, particularly in sport disciplines that require strict weight control. It may also have a deleterious effect on bone mass acquisition. The aim of this study was to determine the time-course of bone mass accretion in peripubertal elite female rhythmic gymnasts (FRGs) over a 1-year period, as well as the anthropometric and hormone parameters that could be helpful for predicting bone mineral density (BMD) gain. METHODS AND DESIGN: We conducted a 1-year follow-up study in 29 FRGs (10.7-16.1 years old). Whole body composition and BMD of the whole body, proximal femur, lumbar spine, mid-radius, and skull were measured by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA). Moreover, baseline growth- and bone metabolism-related hormones such as IGF1, IGF-binding protein 3 (IGFBP3), leptin, and bone markers were measured. RESULTS: BMD increased significantly at all bone sites throughout puberty, particularly between Tanner stages II and IV-V (P=0.025 to P<0.001). The IGF1 level, IGF1/IGFBP3 ratio, and leptin level were higher in late pubertal stages (i.e. IV-V) compared with early stage (i.e. I). In simple and multivariate analyses, only the IGF1/IGFBP3 ratio was strongly correlated with the BMD change at all bone sites (r=0.49, P=0.02 to r=0.77, P<0.0001). CONCLUSION: This 1-year follow-up study of peripubertal FRGs showed that BMD gain was maximal around Tanner stage III. The plasma IGF1/IGFBP3 ratio was associated with bone mass acquisition in this period, and it may thus serve as a surrogate marker of bone mass gain in this population. FAU - Maïmoun, Laurent
25OH vitamin D levels in pediatric patients affected by Prader-Willi syndrome.$$$ PURPOSE: Obesity, insulin resistance, and puberty seem to influence and been inversely associated with 25-hydroxy vitamin D (25OHD) levels. To our knowledge, a study on 25OHD in children and adolescents with Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS), a genetic form of obesity, is not yet available. OBJECTIVE: To analyze the 25OHD values in pediatric PWS subjects in comparison with a control group (CNT), highlighting the possible correlations with IR, BMD, body composition, pubertal stage, and GH therapy (GHT). METHODS: Auxological and laboratory parameters, HOMA-IR, Vitamin D status, and bone density and body composition by DEXA scan were analyzed in 52 PWS and 110 controls (CNT), gender-, age-, and BMI-SD matched. None of them was on calcium or vitamin D. 20 PWS were on growth hormone (GH) therapy and 32 were previously treated. RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: Altogether, PWS had similar values of 25OHD compared to CNT.16 PWS (30.7%) and 27 CNT (24.5%) had low 25OHD levels (< 20 ng/ml) (p = NS). 25OHD of PWS on GHT were comparable to those previously treated. In both groups, univariate analysis showed a negative correlation between 25OHD and fat mass% (FM%). GH therapy and pubertal stage were positively correlated with bone parameters analyzed by DXA. Multivariate regression confirmed only FM% as negative predictor of 25HOD in PWS patients, as previously described. GHT does not seem to influence 25OHD in PWS. CONCLUSION: Our data showed that PWS had similar values of 25OHD compared to CNT. As already described, FM seems to be the only parameter influencing 25OHD levels. Finally, GHT does not seem to influence 25OHD metabolism in PWS. FAU - Fintini, D
Effect of growth hormone therapy and puberty on bone and body composition in children with idiopathic short stature and growth hormone deficiency.$$$ The state of bone health and the effect of growth hormone (GH) therapy on bone and body composition in children with idiopathic short stature (ISS) are largely unknown. A direct role of GH deficiency (GHD) on bone density is controversial. Using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, this study measured total body bone mineral content (TB BMC), body composition, and volumetric bone mineral density (vBMD) at the lumbar spine (LS) and femoral neck (FN) in 77 children (aged 3-17 years) with ISS (n = 57) and GHD (n = 20). Fifty-five children (GHD = 13) receiving GH were followed over 24 months including measurement of bone turnover. At diagnosis, size-corrected TB BMC SDS was greater (P <or= 0.002) and LSvBMD SDS lower (P < 0.03) than zero in both prepubertal ISS and GHD subjects, but FNvBMD SDS was reduced only in the GHD group (P < 0.05). The muscle-bone relation, as assessed by the BMC/lean mass (LTM) ratio SDS was not different between groups. During GH therapy, prepubertal GHD children gained more height (1.58 [0.9] SDS) and LTM (0.87 [0.63] SDS) compared to prepubertal ISS children (0.75 [0.27] and 0.17 [0.25] SDS, respectively). Percent body fat decreased in GHD (-5.94% [4.29]) but not in ISS children. Total body BMC accrual was less than predicted in all groups accompanied by an increase in bone turnover. Puberty led to the greatest absolute, but not relative, increments in weight, LTM, BMI, bone mass, and LSvBMD. Our results show that children with ISS and GHD differ in their response to GH therapy in anthropometry, body composition, and bone measures. Despite low vBMD values at diagnosis in both prepubertal groups, size-corrected regional or TB bone data were generally within the normal range and did not increase during GH therapy in GHD or ISS children. Growth hormone had great effects on the growth plate and body composition with subsequent gains in height, LTM, bone turnover, and bone mass accrual, but no benefit for volumetric bone density over 2 years. FAU - Högler, Wolfgang
The Impact of Adolescent Obesity on Adult Height.$$$ BACKGROUND: Childhood obesity is a major health concern. Excess adiposity during childhood affects growth and puberty. Our aim was to assess whether genetic adult height is compromised in adolescents with obesity. METHODS: In a retrospective study of 190 obese patients followed at our Pediatric Endocrinology Institute, adult height and delta height (the difference between adult height and mid-parental height) were compared to those of 150 healthy age-matched normal-weight controls. Review of medical files yielded the relevant clinical and anthropometric data of patients, controls, and parents. RESULTS: Of the 190 obese adolescents, 150 were morbidly obese. The median adult height of morbidly obese males was 174.3 cm, of obese males 174 cm, and of normal-weight males 176 cm (p = 0.025). Delta height of morbidly obese males was -0.5 cm, of obese males -0.8 cm, and of normal-weight males, 3 cm (p < 0.0001). The median adult height of morbidly obese females was 161.3 cm, of obese females 162.8 cm, and of normal-weight females 162 cm (p = 0.37). Delta height of morbidly obese females was -1.85 cm, of obese females -0.95 cm, and of normal-weight females 0.7 cm (p = 0.019). Impairment of potential genetic height was not associated with obesity-related comorbidities. CONCLUSION: Adolescents with obesity showed impairment of potential genetic adult height as compared to that of normal-weight subjects.
Insulin-like growth factors as diagnostic tools in growth hormone deficiency during childhood and adolescence: the KIGS experience.$$$ Growth hormone (GH) deficiency in children covers a spectrum of disorders involving an impairment in GH secretion and a clinical syndrome characterized by permanent stunting of growth. Ascertaining impairments in GH secretion directly is complex, especially if GH deficiency (GHD) is isolated and not caused by congenital or acquired pituitary defects or genetic abnormalities. It has been established that the concentrations of GH-dependent peptides, such as insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) and IGF-binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3), are low in patients with GHD. Their levels are, however, also influenced by a multitude of factors, such as age, gender, height, liver function, nutritional status and other hormones. In addition, the type of complex formed, e.g. either binary or ternary, may influence the measurements of IGFs and their binding proteins. Therefore, levels of IGF-I and IGFBP-3 are generally lower in short children compared with age-matched norms. The reported diagnostic value of sub-normal basal levels of IGF-I and IGFBP-3 is, in terms of sensitivity and specificity, approximately 70%. Thus, definite proof of GHD can only be achieved by means of GH measurements. As the diagnosis of GHD is somewhat unlikely if IGF testing shows normal values, it is clearly advantageous to schedule these tests as part of the initial diagnostic work-up in short children, as their implementation is not only practical but also inexpensive. The Pfizer International Growth Database (KIGS) analysis of IGF-I (n = 2,750) and IGFBP-3 (n = 1,300) levels in children with idiopathic GHD shows that these two parameters are now firmly embedded in diagnostic strategies around the world.
Risk of endometrial cancer mortality by ever-use of sex hormones and other factors in Japan.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To examine associations of ever-use of sex hormones (EUSH) and other factors with endometrial cancer (EC) mortality through a nation-wide Japan Collaborative Cohort Study. METHODS: A total of 63,541 women aged 40-79 years, enrolled in 1988-90 from 45 municipalities of Japan, were followed until 2003 to record their vital status. Using baseline data, the Cox proportional hazard model (age adjusted and multivariate) was used to estimate the hazard ratio (HR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) for EC mortality by selected factors, including EUSH. Bivariate analysis was also conducted to establish associations between EUSH and other factors. RESULTS: The mortality rate from EC was 2.6 per 100,000 person-years during the mean follow-up period of 13.3 years. Prevalence rate of EUSH was 5.2%. Significantly increased risk of EC mortality was found for EUSH with both age adjusted (HR=6.43, 95%CI=2.10-19.67) and multivariate (HR=5.33; 95%CI=1.51-18.82) analyses. Bivariate analysis indicated that history of diabetes mellitus, smoking, drinking, and age at first delivery were positively associated with EUSH, whereas age, number of delivery, number of pregnancy, and age at menarche demonstrated inverse links. CONCLUSIONS: Our results imply that EUSH may increase the risk of EC mortality among Japanese women. However, further studies with more deaths are needed to validate the results. FAU - Khan, Mmh
A retrospective analysis of the prevalence of imprinting disorders in Estonia from 1998 to 2016.$$$ Imprinting disorders (ImpDis) represent a small group of rare congenital diseases primarily affecting growth, development, and the hormonal and metabolic systems. The aim of present study was to identify the prevalence of the ImpDis in Estonia, to describe trends in the live birth prevalence of these disorders between 1998 and 2016, and to compare the results with previously published data. We retrospectively reviewed the records of all Estonian patients since 1998 with both molecularly and clinically diagnosed ImpDis. A prospective study was also conducted, in which all patients with clinical suspicion for an ImpDis were molecularly analyzed. Eighty-seven individuals with ImpDis were identified. Twenty-seven (31%) of them had Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS), 15 (17%) had Angelman syndrome (AS), 15 (17%) had Silver-Russell syndrome (SRS), 12 (14%) had Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome (BWS), 10 (11%) had pseudo- or pseudopseudohypoparathyroidism, four had central precocious puberty, two had Temple syndrome, one had transient neonatal diabetes mellitus, and one had myoclonus-dystonia syndrome. One third of SRS and BWS cases fulfilled the diagnostic criteria for these disorders, but tested negative for genetic abnormalities. Seventy-six individuals were alive as of January 1, 2018, indicating the total prevalence of ImpDis in Estonia is 5.8/100,000 (95% CI 4.6/100,000-7.2/100,000). The minimum live birth prevalence of all ImpDis in Estonia in 2004-2016 was 1/3,462, PWS 1/13,599, AS 1/27,198, BWS 1/21,154, SRS 1/15,866, and PHP/PPHP 1/27,198. Our results are only partially consistent with previously published data. The worldwide prevalence of SRS and GNAS-gene-related ImpDis is likely underestimated and may be at least three times higher than expected. FAU - Yakoreva, Maria
Insulin resistance is associated with at least threefold increased risk for prothrombotic state in severely obese youngsters.$$$ Obesity in childhood increases the risk for early adult cardiovascular disease. However, the underlying mechanism is not fully known. The aims of this study were to measure levels of prothrombotic factors and examine their possible association with obesity and insulin resistance in obese children and adolescents. A total of 313 obese children and adolescents were recruited. In a cross-sectional design, we measured anthropometric parameters, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1-antigen (PAI-1-Ag), von Willebrand factor-antigen (vWF-Ag), fibrinogen (FB), lipids, fasting glucose, and insulin (FI) levels. Insulin resistance was estimated using the homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index. Boys presented significantly higher PAI-1-Ag levels than girls (82.6 vs. 71.3 ng/ml, p = 0.01). Higher levels of PAI-1-Ag (96.8 vs. 69 ng/ml, p < 0.001), vWF-Ag (123.5 vs. 107.6%, p = 0.004) but not FB (353.1 vs. 337.6 mg/dl, p = 0.137) were found in insulin-resistant (IR) participants after adjusted for age, gender, and pubertal stage. IR patients were at 2.98 (CI: 1.084-8.193) and 4.86 (CI: 1.119-15.606) times greater risk for high PAI-1-Ag and vWF-Ag levels, respectively. All three prothrombotic factors were positively correlated with body mass index (BMI) and FI levels (p < 0.05), but only PAI-1-Ag and vWF-Ag were significantly correlated with HOMA-IR index (p ≤ 0.001). After adjustment for confounding factors, both BMI and HOMA-IR indices remained significantly associated with PAI-1-Ag (r₂ = 0.225, p < 0.001) and vWF-Ag levels (r₂ =0.077, p = 0.003). CONCLUSION: This study shows that obesity in youngsters, when accompanied with insulin resistance, is associated with at least threefold increased risk for elevated levels of prothrombotic factors, contributing to the early development of atherothrombosis. This impaired prothrombotic state may partially explain the increased risk for developing cardiovascular disease later in adulthood. FAU - Galli-Tsinopoulou, Assimina
Gonadal function and testicular histology in males with Prader-Willi syndrome.$$$ CONTEXT: Cryptorchidism is common in Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) males, but the testicular histology in childhood remains uncertain. The association between testicular histology and long-term gonadal function in PWS males is also unknown. OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the relationship between testicular histology in childhood and long-term gonadal function in PWS males. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Forty men with PWS were assessed longitudinally at our institute over the past 24 years. Clinical examinations and blood tests for LH, FSH and testosterone levels were compared with normal reference values. Tissue specimens were collected during orchiopexy and analyzed based on Nistal categories. RESULTS: Of nine testes available for pathological assessments, two showed favourable histology (Nistal I) and seven showed unfavourable histology (Nistal II or III). Of five postpubertal males with histology available, four reached puberty spontaneously, but only one reached Tanner stage 5. In a male with favourable histology, LH and FSH were high, but testosterone was normal, though below the average of the reference range. In three males with unfavourable histology, LH was normal, but FSH was highly elevated, and testosterone was at the lower limit of normal. One patient took hCG treatment to induce puberty; this patient showed favourable histology, but LH, FSH and testosterone were not elevated in adolescence. CONCLUSIONS: Testicular histology of PWS men in childhood varies from normal to Sertoli Cell-Only Syndrome. Regardless of the testicular histology in childhood, hypogonadism in PWS adults arises as a consequence of primary testicular dysfunction with highly elevated FSH and insufficient testosterone levels. FAU - Matsuyama, Satoko
Relationship of somatomedin-C concentration to bone age in boys with constitutional delay of growth.$$$ Serum somatomedin-C (Sm-C) levels increase sharply during puberty, leading to difficulty in the interpretation of Sm-C values obtained from children who exhibit a discrepancy between chronological age (CA) and pubertal development. To evaluate the utility of assessing Sm-C levels on the basis of bone age (BA), we measured serum Sm-C levels in 44 boys with constitutional delay of growth (CDG). Levels of Sm-C were compared with the normative data of the Nichols Institute Reference Laboratories (NIRL), Los Angeles, by age category, substituting BA for CA. We found the mean Sm-C level in boys with CDG to be lower than that for NIRL normal subjects in each age category for both CA and BA, but the regression curve for Sm-C levels based on BA more closely approximated the NIRL regression curve than did the curve based on CA. The rise in Sm-C levels observed in NIRL normal subjects between CA 13 to 14 years is delayed in boys with CDG until CA 15 to 17 years only when a correction for BA is not made. We conclude that in boys with CDG, Sm-C levels should be interpreted on the basis of BA rather than CA, especially during the peripubertal period. The observation of blunted Sm-C levels in all age categories, even when BA was used, suggests that short children with presumed CDG may be at high risk for a "nonclassic" form of growth hormone deficiency. FAU - Rubin, K R
Metabolomic Profiles of Overweight/Obesity Phenotypes During Adolescence: A Cross-Sectional Study in Project Viva.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this article is to characterize metabolomic profiles of four overweight/obesity (OWOB) and metabolic risk (MetRisk) phenotypes among 524 adolescents aged approximately 13 years. METHODS: A four-level phenotype variable (non-OWOB and low MetRisk, non-OWOB and high MetRisk, OWOB and low MetRisk, and OWOB and high MetRisk) was created using BMI percentile to define OWOB, and high versus low MetRisk was derived as the fourth versus first to third quartiles of a z score calculated as the average of five externally standardized z scores for waist circumference, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance, high-density lipoprotein, triglycerides, and systolic blood pressure. Then associations of nine metabolite patterns derived from principal components analysis with phenotype after accounting for age, sex, race, and pubertal status were evaluated. RESULTS: Five metabolite patterns differed with respect to phenotype: factor 1 consisted of long-chain fatty acids and was lower among non-OWOB and high MetRisk (-0.90 [95% CI: -1.39 to -0.42]) versus non-OWOB and low MetRisk (referent); factors 5 (branched-chain amino acids), 8 (diacylglycerols), and 9 (steroid hormones) were highest among OWOB and high MetRisk; and factor 7 (long-chain acylcarnitines) was higher among non-OWOB and high MetRisk (0.47 [95% CI: 0.04 to 0.91]) and lower among OWOB and low MetRisk (-0.36 [95% CI: -0.68 to -0.04]). CONCLUSIONS: Long-chain fatty acids, branched-chain amino acids, acylcarnitines, diacylglycerols, and steroid hormones differed by weight status and metabolic phenotype.
Anti-Müllerian Hormone in Obese Adolescent Girls With Polycystic Ovary Syndrome.$$$ PURPOSE: Anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH) is proposed as a biomarker of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). This study investigated: (1) AMH concentrations in obese adolescents with PCOS versus without PCOS; (2) the relationship of AMH to sex steroid hormones, adiposity, and insulin resistance; and (3) the optimal AMH value and the multivariable prediction model to determine PCOS in obese adolescents. METHODS: AMH levels were measured in 46 obese PCOS girls and 43 obese non-PCOS girls. Sex steroid hormones, clamp-measured insulin sensitivity and secretion, body composition, and abdominal adiposity were evaluated. Logistic regression and receiver-operating characteristic curve analyses were used, and multivariate prediction models were developed to test the utility of AMH for the diagnosis of PCOS. RESULTS: AMH levels were higher in obese PCOS versus non-PCOS girls (8.3 ± .6 vs. 4.3 ± .4 ng/mL, p < .0001), of comparable age and puberty. AMH concentrations correlated positively with age in both groups, total and free testosterone in PCOS girls only, abdominal adipose tissue in non-PCOS girls, with no correlation to in vivo insulin sensitivity and secretion in either groups. A multivariate model including AMH (cutoff 6.26 ng/mL, area under the curve .788) together with sex hormone-binding globulin and total testosterone exhibited 93.4% predictive power for diagnosing PCOS. CONCLUSIONS: AMH may be a useful biomarker for the diagnosis of PCOS in obese adolescent girls.
Serum concentrations of insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-1 and IGF binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3), IGF-1/IGFBP-3 ratio, and markers of bone turnover: reference values for French children and adolescents and z-score comparability with other references.$$$ BACKGROUND: A reference model for converting serum growth factor and bone metabolism markers into an SD score (SDS) is required for clinical practice. We aimed to establish reference values of serum insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) and IGF binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3) concentrations and bone metabolism markers in French children, to generate a model for converting values into SDS for age, sex, and pubertal stage. METHODS: We carried out a cross-sectional study of 1119 healthy white children ages 6-20 years. We assessed concentrations of serum IGF-1, IGFBP-3, carboxyterminal telopeptide α1 chain of type I collagen (CrossLaps), and bone alkaline phosphatase concentrations and height, weight, and pubertal stage, and used semiparametric regression to develop a model. RESULTS: A single regression model to calculate the SDSs with an online calculator was provided. A positive relationship was found between SDS for serum IGF-1 and IGFBP-3, IGF/IGFBP-3 mol/L ratio, and anthropometric parameters (P < 0.0001), with slightly greater effects observed for height than for body mass index (BMI). There was a negative relationship between serum CrossLaps concentration and BMI, and a positive relationship between serum CrossLaps concentration and height. A comparison of serum IGF-1 reference databases for children showed marked variation as a function of age and pubertal group; smooth changes with age and puberty were observed only in our model. CONCLUSIONS: This new model for the assessment of SDS reference values specific for age, sex, and pubertal stage may help to increase the diagnostic power of these parameters for the assessment of growth and bone metabolism disorders. This study also provides information about the physiological role of height and BMI for the interpretation of these parameters. FAU - Alberti, Corinne
Lack of association between apelin, insulin resistance, cardiovascular risk factors, and obesity in children: a longitudinal analysis.$$$ Apelin has been proposed as a novel beneficial adipokine that is related to insulin resistance, cardiovascular risk factors, and obesity. However, findings in humans are controversial; and longitudinal analyses in childhood are still missing. We compared apelin levels between 80 obese and 40 lean children of the same age, sex, and pubertal stage. In addition, we analyzed the relationships between apelin levels and weight status (as standard deviation of body mass index [SDS-BMI]), body fat, insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment [HOMA]), leptin, and cardiovascular risk factors associated with obesity (waist circumference, blood pressure, lipids, and adiponectin) in 80 obese children before and after participating in a 1-year lifestyle intervention. Apelin levels did not differ significantly (P = .061) between obese (1.50 ± 0.47 ng/mL, mean ± SD) and lean children (1.67 ± 0.49 ng/mL). Apelin concentrations were not significantly related to age, pubertal stage, SDS-BMI, body fat, leptin, or any cardiovascular risk factor. In longitudinal analyses, no significant correlations were found between changes of apelin and changes of SDS-BMI, body fat, leptin, HOMA, or any cardiovascular risk factor. Adiponectin, HOMA, blood pressure, waist circumference, and triglycerides improved significantly in 39 obese children with SDS-BMI reduction, whereas leptin decreased significantly and apelin did not change significantly in these children. In 41 children with increase of SDS-BMI, no significant changes were observed in 1-year follow-up period. This is the first study demonstrating that weight loss in obese children was not associated with a change of apelin concentrations. Our data do not support a significant relationship in childhood between apelin on one hand and leptin, HOMA, cardiovascular risk factors, or weight status on the other.
Association of insulin resistance with near peak bone mass in the femur and lumbar spine of Korean adults aged 25-35: The Korean National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2008-2010.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to evaluate the relationship between insulin resistance and the bone mineral density (BMD) of femur and lumbar spine in Korean adults who are expected to exhibit near peak bone mass. METHODS: Data from the Korean National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2008-2010 were analyzed. A total of 2,750 participants aged 25-35 years were included. Insulin resistance was assessed using a homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and serum fasting insulin. RESULTS: In a multivariate linear regression analysis, the HOMA-IR was significantly inversely associated with the BMD of the total hip (TH, β = -0.052, P = 0.002), femoral neck (FN, β = -0.072, P<0.001), femoral trochanter (FTr, β = -0.055, P = 0.003), femoral intertrochanter (FITr, β = -0.041, P = 0.015), and lumbar spine (LS, β = -0.063, P = 0.001) among all study subjects after adjustment for gender, age, height, weight, whole body fat mass percentage, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, total cholesterol, triglyceride, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, vitamin D, smoking, alcohol intake, physical activity, education level, and household income in both genders as well as labor, the use of oral contraceptives, and age at menarche in females. The serum fasting insulin was significantly inversely associated with the BMD of the TH (β = -0.055, P = 0.001), FN (β = -0.072, P<0.001), FTr (β = -0.055, P = 0.003), FITr (β = -0.045, P = 0.009), and LS (β = -0.064, P = 0.001) among all subjects in a multivariate linear regression analysis. CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that insulin resistance may be independently and inversely associated with the near peak bone mass of the femur and lumbar spine. FAU - Choo, Min Soo
An Assessment of Retinal Nerve Fiber Layer Thickness in Non-Diabetic Obese Children and Adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Obesity affects almost all systems in the body. This includes the retinal nerve fibers which may be damaged due to a chronic inflammatory process. To determine changes in retinal nerve fiber layer (RNFL) thickness in non-diabetic children and adolescents using optical coherence tomography (OCT) and to evaluate the relationship between this change, metabolic risk factors and pubertal stage. METHODS: Thirty-eight obese and 40 healthy children and adolescents aged 10-18 years were included in the study. RNFL measurements from the optic disk and all surrounding quadrants were obtained using OCT from both eyes of the individuals in the study groups. Correlations between RNFL thickness and age, auxological measurements, pubertal stage, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index and lipid values were investigated. RESULTS: A general decrease was observed in RNFL thickness in obese subjects compared to the controls, the decrease being highest in the inferior quadrant, although these differences were not statistically significant (p>0.05). RNFL thickness was negatively correlated with body mass index (BMI) standard deviation score (SDS) in both groups (control group r=-0.345, p=0.029; obese group r=-0.355, p=0.022). Significant negative correlations were determined between diastolic blood pressure, HOMA-IR, low density lipoprotein cholesterol level and RNFL thickness (r=-0.366, p=0.024; r=-0.394, p=0.016; and r=-0.374, p=0.022, respectively) in the obese group, while there was no association between these parameters and RNFL thickness in the control group. CONCLUSION: In this cross-sectional study, no statistically significant difference in RNFL thicknesses between the obese and control groups was determined. However, RNFL thickness was found to decrease in both healthy and obese children as BMI-SDS values increased. Further prospective studies may be of benefit to determine whether the decrease in RNFL values might become more pronounced on long-term follow-up. FAU - Özen, Bediz
Adipose tissue insulin resistance in peripubertal girls with first-degree family history of polycystic ovary syndrome.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess metabolic and endocrine defects in girls genetically predisposed to polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). DESIGN: Controlled cross-sectional study. SETTING: University hospital. PATIENT(S): Nine girls, aged 8-14 years, having a first-degree relative diagnosed with PCOS (PCOSr) and 10 age-matched girls without a family history of PCOS. INTERVENTION(S): None. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Insulin sensitivity (IS(FSIVGTT)) determined by frequently sampled IV glucose tolerance testing (GTT) and insulin-induced nonesterified fatty acid (NEFA) suppression, estimated by the log-linear slope of NEFA levels during the first 20 minutes of GTT. RESULT(S): In comparison to controls, PCOSr had higher body mass index (BMI) Z-score, waist circumference, and waist-to-height ratio. Levels of the androgen 17α-hydroxyprogesterone (17-OHP) were significantly increased in PCOSr, independent of adiposity, and inversely correlated with IS(FSIVGTT). The IS(FSIVGTT) was decreased and the NEFA suppression was less steep in PCOSr compared with controls, independent of BMI and 17-OHP. The NEFA suppression was more pronounced with increasing IS(FSIVGTT), independent of adiposity. CONCLUSION(S): Girls at high risk of developing PCOS display increased adiposity and 17-OHP levels, but are mainly characterized by global insulin resistance and resistance to insulin-induced suppression of lipolysis that were independent of adiposity and 17-OHP levels. Therefore, genetic predisposition to PCOS may be related to early insulin resistance and adipocyte dysfunction.
Clinical, biochemical and ultrasonographic characteristics of Scandinavian women with PCOS.$$$ BACKGROUND: The aim was to investigate the clinical, biochemical and ultrasonographic characteristics of Scandinavian women with polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), and to see whether there were any differences between eumenorrhoic and oligoamenorrhoic women. METHODS: Eighty women aged between 18 and 40 years with PCOS were investigated in a prospective study. The inclusion criteria were polycystic ovaries (PCO), body mass index (BMI) >25 kg/m(2) and at least one of the following: testosterone >2.5 nmol/L, sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) <30 nmol/L, fasting C-peptide >1.0 nmol/L, oligoamenorrhea or hirsutism. RESULTS: Eumenorrhoic and oligoamenorrhoic women with PCOS did not differ in age, age at menarche, blood pressure, BMI, free testosterone index (FTI), insulin C-peptide or fasting glucose. A thicker endometrium and a smaller ovarian volume were found in eumenorrhoic compared to oligoamenorrhoic patients. There was linear association between BMI and the number of diagnostic criteria met. CONCLUSION: BMI was associated with the severity of the PCOS. There were no differences in basic clinical and biochemical parameters between eumenorrhoic and oligoamenorrhoic patients with PCOS. FAU - Vanky, Eszter
ED presentation of acute porphyria.$$$ Abdominal pain is a common complaint for visits to ED. Among the causes of abdominal pain, the acute porphyria may confuse emergency physicians. With wide range of unspecific symptoms and signs, acute porphyria is rarely considered as a differential diagnosis of acute abdomen in ED. Some patients even receive unnecessary surgery. There are 32 patients who visited the ED of National Taiwan University Hospital because of acute porphyric attacks over the past 13 years. Ten patients (3 males and 7 females) were diagnosed with acute porphyria for the first time at ED. The onset of age ranged from 17 to 55 years (mean, 32 years). All of our patients presented with abdominal pain but without fever, dermatologic, and neurologic symptoms that are typically presented in acute porphyria. On the average, most of them repeatedly sought for medical help because of persistent symptoms for 4 times before being definitely diagnosed and thus receiving the optimal treatment. Meanwhile, all patients needed at least 2 kinds of analgesic, and most of them needed narcotic analgesia for pain control before diagnosis. The most commonest point of tenderness is over epigastrium (7 of 10 patients). The laboratory and image studies of our patients were of no diagnostic value for acute porphyria, except for Watson-Schwartz test. In summary, our study revealed that when a patient after puberty with repetitive visits because of severe abdominal pain without reasonable causes and needs narcotics for pain control, acute porphyria should be taken into consideration. FAU - Liu, Yueh-Ping
Serum adipocyte fatty acid-binding protein, retinol-binding protein 4, and adiponectin concentrations in relation to the development of the metabolic syndrome in Korean boys: a 3-y prospective cohort study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Adipocyte fatty acid-binding protein (A-FABP), retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP4), and adiponectin have been associated with insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome in adults. OBJECTIVE: We evaluated the association of A-FABP, RBP4, and adiponectin with the metabolic syndrome in Korean boys. DESIGN: In this prospective cohort study, 159 boys participated in a school-based health examination and were followed up after 3 y. The metabolic syndrome in children was defined by using the pediatric adaptation of the National Cholesterol Education Program criteria. RESULTS: Compared with normal-weight participants, overweight children had significantly higher A-FABP (23.6 ± 8.2 compared with 12.8 ± 5.1 μg/L, P < 0.001) and RBP4 (69.3 ± 17.1 compared with 59.7 ± 15.3 μg/mL, P = 0.001) concentrations and significantly lower adiponectin concentrations (11.5 ± 5.4 compared with 18.1 ± 8.4 μg/mL, P < 0.001). Baseline A-FABP concentrations were significantly higher in children who developed the metabolic syndrome than in those who did not, whereas adiponectin concentrations were significantly lower. Baseline RBP4 concentrations were not significantly different between the 2 groups. Multiple logistic regression analysis showed that only A-FABP was an independent predictor of the development of the metabolic syndrome after adjustment for Tanner stage, insulin resistance, body mass index, sleep duration, and physical activity (odds ratio: 17.3; 95% CI: 1.25, 239.76; highest compared with lowest tertile), whereas the significant association between adiponectin and the metabolic syndrome observed by using bivariate analysis reflects, in part, an underlying association with obesity. CONCLUSION: A-FABP predicts the development of the metabolic syndrome independently of pubertal status, adiposity, and insulin resistance in Korean boys. FAU - Choi, Kyung M
Continuous glucose monitoring to evaluate glycaemic abnormalities in cystic fibrosis.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to determine the glycaemic profile of patients with cystic fibrosis using a continuous glucose monitoring system (CGMS), and to evaluate the associations of glycaemic abnormalities with sex, age, pubertal stage, CFTR gene mutations, nutritional status, lung function, oral glucose tolerance test, glycated haemoglobin concentrations, fasting insulin concentrations, C peptide concentrations and exocrine pancreatic function. STUDY DESIGN: This observational study evaluated CGMS data from 39 patients with cystic fibrosis who were treated at a referral centre. The patients were 10-19.9 years old, and were categorised according to whether they had normal results (27 patients) or glucose intolerance (12 patients) during the oral glucose tolerance test. RESULTS: The maximum interstitial glucose concentration among individuals with normal oral glucose tolerance test results was 174.9±65.1 mg/dL (9.7-3.61 mmol/L), compared with 170.4±40.9 mg/dL (9.46-2.27 mmol/L) among individuals with glucose intolerance. The CGMS revealed that 18 of the 27 patients with normal oral glucose tolerance test results had peak interstitial glucose concentrations of >140 mg/dL (7.8 mmol/L), and that 4 of these individuals had peak levels of >200 mg/dL (11.1 mmol/L). None of the analysed clinical or laboratory characteristics predicted the occurrence of hyperglycaemic peaks on CGMS. CONCLUSIONS: The present study revealed that CGMS could detect hyperglycaemia among patients with cystic fibrosis and 'normal' oral glucose tolerance test results, and that their clinical and laboratory characteristics were not useful in discerning between patients who did and did not exhibit these excursions.
Longitudinal association between ideal cardiovascular health status and muscular fitness in adolescents: The LabMed Physical Activity Study.$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Muscular fitness is an emerging predictor for cardiovascular disease mortality. The ideal cardiovascular health metrics has been inversely related to a subsequent cardiometabolic health in adulthood. However, evidence regarding muscular fitness and ideal cardiovascular health in adolescents is scarce. This study aimed to examine the longitudinal association between ideal cardiovascular health index and muscular fitness. METHODS AND RESULTS: This study cohort consisted of 331 adolescents (183 girls) from the LabMed Physical Activity Study who were followed from 2011 to 2013. Ideal cardiovascular health, as defined by the American Heart Association, was determined as meeting ideal health factors (total cholesterol, blood pressure, and glucose) and behaviors (smoking status, body mass index, physical activity, and diet). Handgrip strength and standing long jump tests assessed muscular fitness and were transformed into standardized values according to age and sex. ANCOVA showed a significant association between the accumulation of ideal cardiovascular health metrics at baseline and muscular fitness indices at follow-up (F((4, 322)) = 2.280, p = 0.04). In addition, the higher the number of ideal cardiovascular health metrics accumulated, the higher the likelihood of having a high muscular fitness over a two-year period (p for trend = 0.01), after adjustments for age, sex, pubertal stage and socioeconomic status and muscular fitness at baseline. CONCLUSION: The ideal cardiovascular health status during adolescence was associated with high muscular fitness levels over a two-year period.
Risk factors for spontaneous abortion: a preliminary study on Saudi women.$$$ A preliminary case-control study was conducted on Saudi women to detect possible risk factors for spontaneous abortion (SA). Two hundred and twenty six consecutive women hospitalised for SA and 226 women admitted for normal delivery and used as controls, were studied. Women with SA were significantly older at menarche (Relative Risk (RR) = 3.2), more frequently married to blood-related husbands (RR = 2.1) and husbands older than 50 years (RR = 2.4). Number of previous abortions related linearly to the risk of aborting spontaneously in the next pregnancy. Compared to primigravidas, the RR was 3.2 if the outcome of the most recent pregnancy was SA, and 0.8 if it was a livebirth. A family history of SA was more common among cases (RR = 4.6). Spontaneous abortion was also associated with daily consumption of more than 150 mg of caffeine, abdominal trauma, infection and fever during pregnancy. No significant association, however, emerged with maternal age, social class, education, exposure to video display terminals, parity, use of contraception, diabetes or obesity. The application of these data in clinical practice and future research needs are discussed. FAU - al-Ansary, L A
Hypergonadotrophinaemia with reduced uterine and ovarian size in women born small-for-gestational-age.$$$ BACKGROUND: Fetal growth restraint has been associated with FSH hypersecretion in early infancy and in early post-menarche, and with reduced uterine and ovarian size in adolescence. It is unknown whether these reproductive anomalies persist, respectively, into late infancy and into the reproductive age range. METHODS: We report follow-up findings in two age groups of girls. A cohort of infants [n=26; n=10 born appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA) and n=16 born small-for-gestational-age (SGA)], who had been studied at the age of approximately 4 months, was assessed again at the age of 12 months. A cohort of teenagers (n=28), who had been studied at the age of approximately 14 years, was assessed again at the age of approximately 18 years; this group was complemented by a transversal cohort of similar age (n=19) for a total of 47 young women (n=27 AGA; n=20 SGA). In infants, only serum FSH was measured; adolescents underwent endocrine-metabolic screening, ultrasound assessment of uterine-ovarian size, and evaluation of body composition by dual X-ray absorptiometry. RESULTS: Serum FSH levels were higher in SGA than AGA infant girls at 4 and 12 months, and higher in SGA than AGA adolescents at 14 and 18 years (all P<0.01). Longitudinal ultrasound assessments disclosed a late-adolescent increment of uterine size that was less obvious in SGA than AGA girls. In contrast, ovarian volume remained stable in both subgroups. Compilation of longitudinal and transversal results at 18 years of age corroborated the persistent reduction in the uterine size of SGA girls (by approximately 20%; P<0.005) and in their ovarian volume (by approximately 40%; P<0.0001); moreover, SGA girls displayed not only a persistent elevation of FSH (by approximately 50%; P<0.001), but also a rise of LH and fasting insulin, as well as an excess of abdominal fat (all P<0.01). CONCLUSIONS: The gynaecology of young women born SGA was found to be characterized by hypergonadotrophinaemia and by a reduced uterine and ovarian size. FAU - Ibáñez, Lourdes
Combined Association of Diet and Cardiorespiratory Fitness with Metabolic Syndrome in Chinese Schoolchildren.$$$ Objective To investigate the combined impact of diet and cardiorespiratory fitness (CRF) on metabolic syndrome (MetS) among Chinese schoolchildren. Methods A cross-sectional study among 615 children (354 boys and 261 girls) aged 9.6 ± 0.6 years was conducted in Wuhan, China, from May to June 2010. Body mass index, waist circumference, CRF, blood pressure, lipids, glucose, and pubertal status were assessed. MetS was defined by the criteria proposed by De Ferranti. Based on data from a food frequency questionnaire, a diet score was created for each food item and then summed. Gender-specific median values were set as the cut-off points for the classification of high and low CRF. Results The highest prevalence of MetS (15.7 %) was observed among participants in the low tertile of diet scores and having a low level of CRF. Multivariate logistic regression showed that the odds ratio for MetS was 0.30 (95 % confidence interval 0.09-1.00) among children in the medium tertile of diet scores with low CRF, 0.24 (0.07-0.89) among those in the high tertile of diet scores with low CRF, 0.07 (0.02-0.33) among those in the low tertile of diet scores with high CRF, and 0.08 (0.01-0.58) among those in the high tertile of diet scores with medium CRF compared with those in the low tertile of diet score with low CRF. Conclusions Findings of the present study suggest that diet and CRF are synergistically associated with the risk of MetS in Chinese schoolchildren. FAU - Liao, Wei
Cancer morbidity among employees in a Danish pharmaceutical plant.$$$ BACKGROUND: Workers in the pharmaceutical industry may be exposed to many potential carcinogens. We investigated cancer morbidity in a Danish plant where enzymes, insulin, antibiotics and sex hormones were produced in substantial quantities. METHODS: Altogether 10,889 people ever employed (1964-1988) at the pharmaceutical plant were retrieved from the files of a compulsory pension fund, and followed-up in the nationwide Danish Cancer Registry (1964-1989). Site-specific standardized incidence ratios (SIR) were estimated, based on cancer rates for the national population. Information on risk factors for breast cancer, e.g. number of children, age at menarche and first delivery, obesity, and non-occupational use of sex hormones was obtained from samples of the female employees, and compared to equivalent variables from the general population. RESULTS: The overall SIR for women was significantly elevated (n = 5554; SIR = 1.2). Excess risk was particularly seen for breast cancer (n = 97; SIR = 1.5), especially in a subgroup who had started work at the factory aged 30-39 and had continued to work for 1-9 years (SIR = 2.8). The SIR was near unity for men (n = 5335); however, three men with breast cancer versus 0.4 expected were found. Lifestyle components explained only about one-quarter of the excess female breast cancers. Proxy measures of intensity of occupational exposure to sex hormones or insulin showed no association with the risk for breast cancer. CONCLUSIONS: It seems unlikely that either a single occupational factor or an unusual reproductive pattern can explain the elevated breast cancer risk. Therefore, the finding requires further study. FAU - Hansen, J
High Prevalence of Dyslipidemia and Insulin Resistance in HIV-infected Prepubertal African Children on Antiretroviral Therapy.$$$ BACKGROUND: Data describing the true extent of antiretroviral therapy (ART)-induced dyslipidemia and insulin resistance in perinatally infected children on ART in Africa are sparse. METHODS: Fasting total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL), high-density lipoprotein (HDL), triglycerides, insulin and glucose were performed on the first 100 of 190 pediatric ART clinic attendees. Diet assessment was performed by a trained dietician. Lipoatrophy was formally graded by consensus between 2 expert HIV pediatricians. Durations of previous ART exposures, clinical stage, pre-ART viral load, nadir and current CD4 were recorded. Dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry was performed on a subset of 42 patients selected semi-randomly. RESULTS: Prevalences of insulin resistance, abnormal total cholesterol, LDL, HDL and triglyceride were 10%, 13%, 12%, 13% and 9%, respectively. Overall, 40% had at least 1 lipid abnormality or insulin resistance. Adjusted mean LDL cholesterol increased by 0.24 mmol/L for each additional year of cumulative lopinavir/r exposure (P = 0.03) after correcting for age, gender, body mass index, previous stavudine exposure, age at ART initiation, dietary fat and refined carbohydrate, whereas adjusted mean LDL cholesterol was 0.9 mmol/L higher in children exposed to efavirenz within the previous 6 months (P = 0.02). Adjusting for age, gender and ethnicity, dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry revealed that greater trunk fat and lower peripheral subcutaneous fat were associated with elevated triglycerides but not with total cholesterol, LDL, HDL or homeostatic model assessment. Similarly, the presence of visually obvious lipoatrophy was associated with elevated triglycerides but not with total cholesterol, LDL, HDL, homeostatic model assessment or lactate. CONCLUSIONS: Prevalences of insulin resistance and dyslipidemia were high. Cumulative lopinavir is an independent risk factor for dyslipidemia, with efavirenz exposure having only transitory effect. FAU - Innes, Steve
Endocrine Long-Term Follow-Up of Children with Neurofibromatosis Type 1 and Optic Pathway Glioma .$$$ BACKGROUND/AIMS: Children with optic pathway glioma (OPG) face sequelae related to tumour location and treatment modalities. We aimed to assess the prevalence of hypothalamic-pituitary dysfunctions in children with neurofibromatosis type 1 (NF1) and OPG who did not receive radiotherapy or surgical resection. The causative role of tumour location on endocrinopathy development is investigated. METHODS: A retrospective follow-up study of 40 children with NF1 and OPG evaluated between August 1996 and May 2015 was undertaken. Patients who underwent radiotherapy or surgical resection were excluded and 36 patients were studied. Tumour location was classified according to the Dodge criteria: stage I, optic nerve alone; stage II, optic chiasm with or without optic nerve involvement; and stage III, involvement of the hypothalamus or other adjacent structures. RESULTS: Endocrinopathies were diagnosed in 20/36 (55.6%) children during a mean follow-up of 9.1 (0.2-13.6) years: 0/4 OPGs were Dodge stage I, 12/21 (57.1%) stage II, and 8/11 (72.7%) stage III. The first endocrinopathy was found at a mean age of 7.4 (5.0-13.2) years, 2.4 (0-6.7) years after tumour diagnosis. We found growth hormone deficiency (GHD; 36.1%), central precocious puberty (33.3%), obesity with insulin resistance/impaired glucose tolerance (11.1%), early puberty (5.5%), GH excess (5.5%), ACTH deficiency (5.5%), hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (2.7%), and thyrotropin deficiency (2.7%). GHD was transient in all of those who were retested. CONCLUSION: This population is at high risk of endocrinopathies due to tumour location. Lifelong endocrine follow-up is recommended. .
[Retrospective assessment of growth monitoring of subjects born between 1989-1991].$$$ INTRODUCTION: Systematically taken measurements of body length, and--after 18 months of life--height, facilitate the correct monitoring of the course of physical development in children and teenagers. Measuring body mass only is incorrect and may lead to a faulty evaluation of the patient's condition. AIM OF STUDY: Assessment of frequency of measurements of body mass and height during the developmental period among students born between 1989-1991. MATERIAL AND METHODS: For 109 subjects (52% women), age 20.0±1.0 year, range 19.1-23.8 years of age, measurements at birth, duration of the mother's pregnancy and frequency of measurements of body mass and weight until the 18th year of life. RESULTS: The frequency of measurements of body length and height was the highest during the 1st and 2nd year of life, on average every 3 months during the 1st year and every 6 months during the 2nd year. However, during the 1st year as many as 1/3 of children were assessed incorrectly by having only their body mass measured. During the 2nd year, regardless of body mass at birth, measurements were taken more frequently than during the 1st year, which may suggest inadequate preparation of the medical personnel to take measurements of the baby's body length. Measurements of body height and even body mass during puberty and the growth spurt were carried out in a far too small percentage of subjects. CONCLUSIONS: 1. Body mass measurements are all too frequently not accompanied by measurements of body length or height, with the result that the physician is unable to assess the child's growth pattern. 2. Measurements of body height and mass were taken too infrequently during childhood and puberty, which in many cases makes it impossible to assess the subject's physical development. FAU - Czajkowska, Anna
Hormonal, auxological and clinical follow-up in children with connatal HIV infection. Personal records.$$$ AIM: HIV infection and antiretroviral drugs have relevant endocrine implications, affecting growth and pubertal development. Moreover stature impairment cannot depend only on decreased hormonal secretion. METHODS: We studied for 7 years growth, puberty, bone maturation, hormonal secretion [Growth Hormone (GH) basal and after stimulation with Clonidin and Insulin, Insulin-like Growth Factor 1 (IGF-1), Insulin-like Growth Factor Binding Protein 3 (IGFBP-3), FSH, LH- gonadic hormones axis, ACTH, Cortisol, TSH, fT4, T4, T3, anti-thyroid antibodies, Leptin] of 10 HIV-infected children. RESULTS: In 3 patients stature was <-2 SDS in the first 2 years and in prepubertal age, with intervals of improved growth. The weight was >2 SDS in 6 children, <-2 SDS in 1 girl, while the other 3 patients had a weight <-2SDS only in the first 2 years of life. Height growth velocity was >10 degrees Centile all over the years of follow-up in 9 patients, while weight growth velocity was pathological in 5. Leptinemia showed higher levels at the beginning of follow up: 0.82-11.68 ng/L (M+/-DS: 3.29+/-4.15) than at the end of the study: 0.2-3 ng/L (M+/-DS: 1.65+/-1.01). Leptin levels showed a statistically significant correlation with CD4/CD8 count (P: 0.010; r: 0.916) and with the CDC stage (P: 0.006; r: 0.937), meaning a strong link to the severity of the disease. CONCLUSIONS: A good clinical control of HIV infection can guarantee growth within physiological centile in most of HIV-infected children. Over all IGFBP-3 and IGF-1 are good markers of growth, more usable than GH. FAU - Titone, L
Risk factors that affect metabolic health status in obese children.$$$ BACKGROUND: While some obese children are metabolically healthy (MHO), some have additional health problems, such as hypertension, dyslipidemia, insulin resistance, and hepatosteatosis, which increase mortality and morbidity related to cardiovascular diseases (CVD) during adulthood. These children are metabolically unhealthy obese (MUO) children. In this study we assessed the factors that affect metabolic health in obesity and the clinical and laboratory findings that distinguish between MHO and MUO children. METHODS: In total, 1085 patients aged 6-18 years, with age- and sex-matched BMI exceeding the 95th percentile were included in the study (mean 11.1±2.9 years, 57.6% female, 59.7% pubertal). Patients without dyslipidemia, insulin resistance, hepatosteatosis, or hypertension were considered as MHO. Dyslipidemia was defined as total cholesterol level over 200 mg/dL, triglyceride over 150 mg/dL, LDL over 130 mg/dL, or HDL under 40 mg/dL. Insulin resistance was calculated using the homeostasis model of assesment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index. Hepatosteatosis was evaluated with abdominal ultrasound. Duration of obesity, physical activity and nutritional habits, screen time, and parental obesity were questioned. Thyroid and liver function tests were performed. RESULTS: Six hundred and forty-two cases (59.2%) were MUO. Older age, male sex, increased BMI-SDS, and sedentary lifestyle were associated with MUO. Excessive junk food consumption was associated with MUO particularly among the prepubertal obese patients. CONCLUSIONS: Our results revealed that the most important factors that affect metabolic health in obesity are age and BMI. Positive effects of an active lifestyle and healthy eating habits are prominent in the prepubertal period and these habits should be formed earlier in life. FAU - Elmaogullari, Selin
Degree of activation of the pituitary-testicular axis in early pubertal boys with constitutional delay of growth and puberty determines the growth response to treatment with testosterone or oxandrolone.$$$ Early pubertal boys (testicular volume, 4-6 mL) with constitutionally delayed growth and puberty were randomized to 3 months of treatment after a baseline 12-h overnight hormone profile: group 1 (n = 5), daily placebo; group 2 (n = 5), 2.5 mg oxandrolone daily; or group 3 (n = 6), 50-mg testosterone monthly im injections. LH and GH profiles (15-min samples) were analyzed by peak detection (Pulsar), Fourier transformation, and autocorrelation. FSH and testosterone levels were measured hourly, and insulin, sex hormone-binding globulin, insulin-like growth factor-I, and insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-3 levels were determined at 0800 h. Multiple regression was used to analyze the response to treatment (growth) with respect to baseline features. Endocrine variability was marked. Profiles ranged from unreactive to well established LH pulsatility and adult testosterone levels. The areas under the curve (AUC) for LH, FSH, and testosterone ranged 10-fold (4.4-46.3 IU/L.h), 8-fold (7.9-63.4 IU/L.h), and 45-fold (3.6-161.7 nmol/L.h), respectively. The growth response was individually varied, but significantly increased 0-6 months in the active treatment groups. Age, testicular volume, and LH AUC interacted significantly (r2 = 0.95; P < 0.05). Allowance for these produced a highly significant treatment effect (P = 0.006). Age, testicular volume, LH AUC, and testosterone AUC, but not treatment, significantly increased growth by 0-12 months (r2 = 0.88; P < 0.05). We demonstrate a spectrum of activation of the reproductive axis despite tight clinical staging. This, and not GH status at treatment commencement, influenced the growth response. FAU - Crowne, E C
[Efficacy of treatment with I(131) in paediatric Graves disease].$$$ INTRODUCTION: Radioiodine is an important therapeutic option in young patients with Grave's disease (GD). In the United States it is a widespread therapy, but in Europe its use in paediatrics is still controversial. AIM: To report our experience in radioiodine therapy of paediatric GD patients and analyse its effectiveness and safety. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We retrospectively studied our paediatric population (<18 years of age) with GD, diagnosed from 1982 to 2012. A curative option was offered to patients who did not respond to anti-thyroid drug (AT) at puberty. We analysed, the patient characteristics, TSH, T4, T3 and thyroid antibodies levels, AT response, remission post I(131), side effects, and hypothyroidism rates. RESULTS: A total of 50 patients were diagnosed with GD from 1982 to 2012. All patients received AT as initial treatment (mean duration: 35.3±25.9 months). Permanent remission was achieved in 46%. Thyroidectomy was performed in 5 patients, and 14 patients received I(131) (mean dose: 10.9±1.09 mCi). Remission with I(131) was obtained in 100%. The rate of permanent hypothyroidism was 90%. There was no progression of ophthalmopathy or side effects in any patients treated with I(131.) CONCLUSION: Radioiodine treatment of paediatric GD patients is safe, leads to complete remission at the expense of hypothyroidism, and does not exacerbate ophthalmopathy. It can be considered in patients older than 5 years, who do no not respond to AT or with significant side effects with this medication.
Pubertal presentation in seven patients with congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to P450 oxidoreductase deficiency.$$$ CONTEXT: P450 oxidoreductase (POR) is a crucial electron donor to all microsomal P450 cytochrome (CYP) enzymes including 17α-hydroxylase (CYP17A1), 21-hydroxylase (CYP21A2) and P450 aromatase. Mutant POR causes congenital adrenal hyperplasia with combined glucocorticoid and sex steroid deficiency. P450 oxidoreductase deficiency (ORD) commonly presents neonatally, with disordered sex development in both sexes, skeletal malformations, and glucocorticoid deficiency. OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study was to describe the clinical and biochemical characteristics of ORD during puberty. DESIGN: Clinical, biochemical, and genetic assessment of seven ORD patients (five females, two males) presenting during puberty was conducted. RESULTS: Predominant findings in females were incomplete pubertal development (four of five) and large ovarian cysts (five of five) prone to spontaneous rupture, in some only resolving after combined treatment with estrogen/progestin, GnRH superagonists, and glucocorticoids. Pubertal development in the two boys was more mildly affected, with some spontaneous progression. Urinary steroid profiling revealed combined CYP17A1 and CYP21A2 deficiencies indicative of ORD in all patients; all but one failed to mount an appropriate cortisol response to ACTH stimulation indicative of adrenal insufficiency. Diagnosis of ORD was confirmed by direct sequencing, demonstrating disease-causing POR mutations. CONCLUSION: Delayed and disordered puberty can be the first sign leading to a diagnosis of ORD. Appropriate testosterone production during puberty in affected boys but manifest primary hypogonadism in girls with ORD may indicate that testicular steroidogenesis is less dependent on POR than adrenal and ovarian steroidogenesis. Ovarian cysts in pubertal girls may be driven not only by high gonadotropins but possibly also by impaired CYP51A1-mediated production of meiosis-activating sterols due to mutant POR. FAU - Idkowiak, Jan
Vitamin D insufficiency is associated with insulin resistance independently of obesity in primary schoolchildren. The healthy growth study.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To explore the associations of vitamin D status and obesity with insulin resistance (IR) in children. METHODS: A sample of 2282 schoolchildren (9-13 years old) in Greece was examined. Sociodemographic, anthropometric (weight, height), biochemical (fasting plasma glucose, serum insulin and 25(OH)D), pubertal status and physical activity data were collected, using standard methods. The "Vitamin D Standardization Program" protocol was applied to standardize serum 25(OH)D values. RESULTS: The prevalence of vitamin D insufficiency (serum 25(OH)D < 50 nmol/L) was higher in obese children compared to their over- and normal-weight counterparts (60.5% vs 51.6% and 51%, P = .017). Furthermore, children with IR (both obese and non-obese) had higher prevalence of vitamin D insufficiency compared to non-obese, non-insulin resistant children (66% and 59.2% vs 49.8%, P < .05), possibly indicating that IR is associated with vitamin D insufficiency, independently of obesity. In line with the above, the results from logistic regression analyses controlled for several potential confounders, showed a 1.48 (95% C.I: 1.2-1.84) higher likelihood for vitamin D insufficiency for insulin resistant children compared to the non-insulin resistant ones, while no significant association was observed with obesity. CONCLUSIONS: The present study revealed a high prevalence of vitamin D insufficiency among schoolchildren in Greece, particularly among obese and insulin resistant ones. In addition, it highlighted that the significant association of vitamin D insufficiency with IR is possibly independent of obesity. Further clinical trials are needed to confirm this possible independent association but also explore the potential beneficial effect of vitamin D supplementation on IR and possibly on weight management too.
The skeletal phenotype of men with previous constitutional delay of puberty.$$$ It is presently unclear whether men with a history of constitutional delay (CD) of puberty are osteopenic. This study compares auxology, bone mass, size, and density of 32 men (age, 21-33 yr) with previous CD with 45 controls. Using dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, areal bone mineral density (aBMD) and volumetric bone mineral density at the lumbar spine (LS) and femoral neck (FN), hip strength analysis, and total-body and body segment (arms, legs, trunk) measurements were determined. Auxological variables, body composition, the muscle-bone relation, and the effect of prior androgen treatment were studied. Men with previous CD were shorter (P < 0.001) and had shorter height-adjusted arms compared with controls. Height-adjusted total-body bone mineral content (BMC) (P = 0.004), aBMD (P = 0.016), and bone area (P = 0.006) but not lean tissue mass (P = 0.507) were lower in CD men compared with controls; consequently, their BMC to lean tissue mass ratio was reduced (P < 0.001). Segment length-adjusted BMC and bone area of arms (P < 0.001) and legs (P < 0.03), but not trunk were lower in CD men than in controls. They had lower LS aBMD (P = 0.044) but normal LS and FN volumetric bone mineral density. Size-adjusted LS width and the hip cross-sectional area were lower than in controls. There was no difference in anthropometric or dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry results between untreated (n = 15) and androgen-treated (n = 17) CD men.We conclude that men with previous CD have normal LS and FN volumetric density but reduced total-body bone mass, which was explained by reduced limb bone mass and size. Together with the reduced LS bone width and hip crosssectional area, these skeletal characteristics suggest impaired periosteal expansion during puberty. The skeletal phenotype of CD males may be altered by their late onset of puberty. FAU - Yap, Fabian
Endocrinology of the carbohydrate-deficient glycoprotein syndrome type 1 from birth through adolescence.$$$ The carbohydrate-deficient glycoprotein (CDG) syndrome type 1 is a genetic multisystem disorder, characterized by hypoglycosylation of glycoproteins and presenting with neurologic impairment. In 12 girls and 14 boys, we confirmed the diagnosis of CDG syndrome type 1 by immune-isoelectric focusing of serum sialotransferrins, and we examined the endocrine status singly or sequentially, including a 16-y follow-up of the index cases, a pair of monozygotic girls. Serum FSH levels were normal in newborns and prepubertal children, but elevated in female toddlers and teenagers, as well as in adolescent males. Serum LH concentrations displayed an analogous age-dependent pattern. In adolescent girls, serum estradiol remained low. FSH bioactivity was low normal, as was the bioactive/immunoreactive FSH ratio. However, exogenous gonadotropins evoked an estradiol response and induced ovarian follicular growth. Male patients virilized at puberty; however, testicular volume was subnormal. The thyroid axis was hallmarked by thyroid-binding globin deficiency and, during infancy, increased serum TSH concentrations. A subgroup of female patients presented hypersomatotropism and/or hyperprolactinemia. During adolescence, the index cases responded to glucagon with normal glycemic, but exaggerated insulin and paradoxically augmented growth hormone responses. The hypothalamo-pituitary area appeared intact on magnetic resonance imaging. Circulating IGF-1 levels were in the lower normal range and transcortin concentrations decreased. In conclusion, a study of endocrine aspects of a major glycosylation disorder revealed an age-dependent constellation, including hypergonadotropic hypogonadism with deficient FSH rather than LH action; transient hyperthyrotropinemia; inconsistent hyperprolactinemia; hyperglycemia-induced growth hormone release; deficiencies of hormone-binding glycoproteins and possibly decreased insulin sensitivity, thus pointing to the importance of glycoprotein glycosylation for pediatric endocrinology. FAU - de Zegher, F
Liver volume and hepatic adiposity in childhood: relations to body growth and visceral fat.$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: The sequence of prenatal growth restraint and postnatal catch-up growth may lead to hepato-visceral adiposity, insulin resistance and low-grade inflammation before the onset of puberty. In prepubertal children born appropriate for gestational age (AGA) or small for gestational age (SGA), we assessed potential relationships between the aforementioned sequence and liver volume. SUBJECTS/METHODS: The study population consisted of 86 children (41 AGA and 45 SGA with catch-up growth; age (mean±s.e.m.), 8.5±0.1 years), recruited into two prospective longitudinal studies. Anthropometry, endocrine-metabolic variables and inflammatory and hepatic markers were assessed, along with liver volume, hepatic adiposity and abdominal fat partitioning (by magnetic resonance imaging). RESULTS: AGA and SGA children differed in hepato-visceral adiposity, but had similar liver volumes. Boys had larger livers than girls, and higher sex hormone binding globulin and inflammation markers. Liver volume correlated with height Z-score, body mass index Z-score, HOMA-IR (homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance) and with subcutaneous and visceral fat, but not with birth weight Z-score or with hepatic adiposity. Height, visceral fat, gender and HOMA-IR were major determinants of liver volume, together explaining 61% of its variance. CONCLUSIONS: The trajectory from prenatal restraint, via postnatal catch-up, to hepato-visceral adiposity and insulin resistance does not appear to be detectably influenced by prepubertal alterations of liver volume. Further follow-up will disclose the potential role of liver volume in the pubertal segment of this trajectory, and whether the augmented fat content and visceral adiposity in SGA subjects is followed by the development of metabolic syndrome and hepatic dysfunction in adulthood. FAU - Malpique, R
The emerging role of leptin in humans.$$$ Leptin is an adipocyte-secreted hormone which plays a key role in energy homeostasis. Recent advances in leptin physiology have revealed that the main role of this hormone in humans is to signal energy availability in energy-deficient states. Interventional studies in leptin deficient children and observational studies in normal girls and boys support a role for leptin as a permissive factor for the initiation of puberty in children. Moreover, recent "proof of concept" studies involving leptin administration to humans further support its critical role in regulating energy homeostasis, neuroendocrine and immune function as well as insulin resistance in states of energy/caloric deprivation. Leptin's potential role in the therapy of several disease states, including hypothalamic amenorrhea, anorexia nervosa and syndromes of insulin resistance is under intensive investigation. FAU - Kelesidis, Theodore
Associations between bicycling and carotid arterial stiffness in adolescents: The European Youth Hearts Study.$$$ The aim of the study was to investigate the associations between bicycling and carotid arterial stiffness, independent of objectively measured moderate-and-vigorous physical activity. This cross-sectional study included 375 adolescents (age 15.7 ± 0.4 years) from the Danish site of the European Youth Heart Study. Total frequency of bicycle usage was assessed by self-report, and carotid arterial stiffness was assessed using B-mode ultrasound. After adjusting for pubertal status, body height, and objectively measured physical activity and other personal lifestyle and demographic factors, boys using their bicycle every day of the week displayed a higher carotid arterial compliance {standard beta 0.47 [95% confidence interval (CI) 0.07-0.87]} and distension [standard beta 0.38 (95% CI -0.04 to 0.81)]. Boys using their bicycle every day of the week furthermore displayed a lower Young's elastic modulus [standard beta -0.48 (95% CI -0.91 to -0.06)]. Similar trends were observed when investigating the association between commuter bicycling and carotid arterial stiffness. These associations were not observed in girls. Our observations suggest that increasing bicycling in adolescence may be beneficial to carotid arterial health among boys.
Self-reported screen time and cardiometabolic risk in obese Dutch adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: It is not clear whether the association between sedentary time and cardiometabolic risk exists among obese adolescents. We examined the association between screen time (TV and computer time) and cardiometabolic risk in obese Dutch adolescents. METHODS AND FINDINGS: For the current cross-sectional study, baseline data of 125 Dutch overweight and obese adolescents (12-18 years) participating in the Go4it study were included. Self-reported screen time (Activity Questionnaire for Adolescents and Adults) and clustered and individual cardiometabolic risk (i.e. body composition, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, low-density (LDL-C), high-density (HDL-C) and total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides, glucose and insulin) were assessed in all participants. Multiple linear regression analyses were used to assess the association between screen time and cardiometabolic risk, adjusting for age, gender, pubertal stage, ethnicity and moderate-to-vigorous physical activity. We found no significant relationship between self-reported total screen time and clustered cardiometabolic risk or individual risk factors in overweight and obese adolescents. Unexpectedly, self-reported computer time, but not TV time, was slightly but significantly inversely associated with TC (B = -0.002; CI = [-0.003;-0.000]) and LDL-C (B = -0.002; CI = [-0.001;0.000]). CONCLUSIONS: In obese adolescents we could not confirm the hypothesised positive association between screen time and cardiometabolic risk. Future studies should consider computer use as a separate class of screen behaviour, thereby also discriminating between active video gaming and other computer activities. FAU - Altenburg, Teatske M
Resting metabolic rate in African-American and Caucasian girls.$$$ Recent studies have found a lower resting metabolic rate (RMR) in African-American (AA) women with obesity as compared with Caucasian (C) women with obesity. It is unknown if this difference in RMR is seen in prepubertal girls or in those of average body weight. Therefore, we studied RMR in 21 AA and 24 C girls, ages 7-10, who were well matched for age, weight, body mass index (BMI), and pubertal status. All had BMI between 15% and 85% for age and race, based on data from the First National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. Fat free mass (FFM) was measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. RMR was measured with a Deltatrac indirect calorimeter under controlled conditions after the subjects underwent an overnight fast. The slopes of the regression equations were similar for both groups (p = 0.7). After adjustment for FEM, the AA girls had a significantly lower RMR than did the C girls (-92 +/- 32 kcal/d, p = 0.007 by analysis of covariance). This significance was maintained after exclusion of total body bone mineral content. These data suggest that normal-weight prepubertal AA girls may have reduced resting energy expenditure compared with C girls. FAU - Yanovski, S Z
Fertility and pregnancy outcomes in men and women with cystic fibrosis in the United Kingdom.$$$ BACKGROUND: The survival of patients with cystic fibrosis (CF) now occurs into the fourth decade of life. Our aim was to evaluate the fertility and pregnancy outcomes of men and women with cystic fibrosis within a large British cohort. METHODS: A population based cohort study of 4659 males and females registered with the UK Cystic Fibrosis Database in 2001. RESULTS: Poor respiratory health (forced expiratory volume in 1 s FEV1 <50%) and CF-related diabetes increased significantly post-puberty compared with childhood. Few individuals with CF sought fertility treatment (1% men, 0.5% women) or achieved pregnancies (1.3% of partners of men, 5.7% women). However, the majority of pregnancies had a good outcome (67% live term birth among male partners, 74% among women). Women who achieved a pregnancy were less likely to suffer from poor respiratory health (FEV1 <50%), age adjusted Odds Ratio 0.6 (95% CI 0.3-0.9), less likely to be homozygous for the DF508 genotype OR 0.5 (95% CI 0.3-0.9) and had a significantly earlier median age at diagnosis (0 years vs 2 years, P=0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Increasing numbers of males and females with cystic fibrosis are reaching reproductive age but currently very few have a child. Optimal adult health should improve the reproductive prognosis for both men and women. FAU - Boyd, Jenny M
[Growth in puberty].$$$ During puberty growth velocity increases within 3 years from a prepubertal nadir to a maximum, in male to 9-10 cm/year, in female to 7-9 cm/year. This spurt is triggered by the androgenic steroids, in male mainly by testicular testosterone. In patients with anorchia the pubertal growth spurt is missing. The androgens have a dual effect. 1. As comes forth from observations in hypopituitary dwarfs being treated with constant replacement doses of hGH, these steroids potentiate the growth-stimulatory effect of hGH. In order to continue growing at all, these dwarfs need the additional medication of androgenic or anabolic steroids if they are hypogonadotrophic. 2. As demonstrated by our measurements of the nocturnal hGH secretion, androgenic steroids enhance the spontaneous production of hGH by a factor of 2-3. Biologically active androgens appear to be a conditio sine qua non for longitudinal growth after age 11-12. This is in concordance with the statement that adult male castrates are no giants as has often been claimed. The rather tall eunuchs in Istanbul were no Turks but as a rule Sudanese negroes who are racially much taller than Turks. FAU - Bierich, J R
Response to growth hormone treatment in isolated growth hormone deficiency versus multiple pituitary hormone deficiency.$$$ BACKGROUND: Growth hormone (GH) therapy successfully increases height prognosis in children with GH deficiency (GHD); however, adult height data are still limited. AIM: This study investigated near-adult height (NAH) in patients with idiopathic GHD (i.e. those with a GH peak <10 μg/l with no organic pathology) divided into two groups: isolated GHD and multiple pituitary hormone deficiency (MPHD). METHODS: All patients were registered in the Pfizer International Growth Study Database (KIGS). Median (10th to 90th percentile) values are given and measurements were expressed as standard deviation scores (SDS). Parental-adjusted height was determined. RESULTS: GH therapy was started at a median age of 9.2 (range 4.9-12) years in patients with isolated GHD (n = 1,619, 60% males) and at 7.7 (range 2.8-12.2) years in those with MPHD (n = 554, 65% males; p < 0.001) at a median dose of 0.20 mg/kg/week. Height SDS at onset of therapy was -3.1 (range -4.5 to -2.1) and -3.8 (range -5.7 to -2.3), respectively (p < 0.001). The maximum GH peak and insulin-like growth factor I SDS were significantly (p < 0.05) lower in patients with MPHD than in those with isolated GHD. Both groups showed a significant (p < 0.05) increase in height SDS at 1 year that continued until the onset of puberty. Parental-adjusted height at the start of puberty was -0.1 (range -1.6 to 1.1) in patients with isolated GHD and -0.4 (range -1.9 to 1.2) in those with MPHD. Parental-adjusted NAH SDS in patients with isolated GHD was 0.0 (range -1.5 to 1.2) and slightly, but significantly, higher than NAH (-0.3, range -2.1 to 1.2; p < 0.001) in patients with MPHD. In patients with isolated GHD, total change in height SDS while receiving GH therapy was 1.6 (range 0.5-3.2), and the change in height SDS at puberty was 0.1 (range -0.7 to 1). The respective values were 2.6 (range 0.9-4.6) and 0.2 (range -1 to 1.3) in patients with MPHD. Parental-adjusted NAH was slightly lower in girls than in boys with isolated GHD, but no gender difference was observed in patients with MPHD. Multivariate analysis in patients with GHD and MPHD showed that higher birth weight, taller parents, greater height at onset, first-year responsiveness, and predicted height velocity were the most important predictors of NAH. CONCLUSIONS: 89% of patients with isolated GHD and 81% of those with MPHD reached an NAH within their genetic potential while receiving GH therapy. Most of the height gain occurred during prepubertal years.
Risk factors for cytogenetically normal holoprosencephaly in California: a population-based case-control study.$$$ Holoprosencephaly is a developmental field defect manifested by a spectrum of abnormalities of the forebrain and midface. Approximately 50% of holoprosencephaly cases are associated with a cytogenetic abnormality or a monogenic syndrome. Suggested risk factors for the remaining 50% of cases have been described in case reports, but have not been confirmed in systematically conducted studies. We report the results of a population-based case-control study of holoprosencephaly. Live births, fetal deaths, and terminations with a diagnosis of cytogenetically normal holoprosencephaly were identified by the California Birth Defects Monitoring Program. Telephone interviews were conducted with the mothers of 58 cases and 107 live born, nonmalformed controls. Women were questioned about their health and reproductive histories, family demographics, and exposures occurring during their pregnancies. Among nonsyndromic cases, increased risks were observed for females (OR=1.8, 95% C.I. 0.9-3.9), foreign-born vs. U.S. or Mexico-born women (OR=3.1, 95% C.I. 1.1-8.6), and women with early menarche (OR=2.3, 95% C.I. 0.9-5.7). Maternal periconceptional exposures associated with increased risks for nonsyndromic holoprosencephaly included alcohol consumption (OR=2.0, 95% C.I. 0.9-4.5), cigarette smoking (OR=4.1, 95% C.I. 1.4-12.0), and combined alcohol and smoking (OR=5.4, 95% C.I. 1.4-20.0), insulin-dependent diabetes (OR=10.2, 95% C.I. 1.9-39.4), medications for respiratory illnesses (OR=2.3, 95% C.I. 0.9-6.0), and salicylate-containing medications (OR=2.5, 95% C.I. 0.8-7.9). These findings are consistent with risk factors identified in some previous reports, and identify several new potential risk factors that require confirmation in future studies. FAU - Croen, L A
Acylation stimulating protein but not complement C3 associates with metabolic syndrome components in Chinese children and adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Childhood obesity is increasing worldwide and is increasingly associated with metabolic syndrome (MetS). Our aim was to examine acylation stimulating protein (ASP) and its precursor complement C3, in normal, overweight, and obese Chinese children and adolescents, and the relationships with body size, blood parameters, pubertal development, family environment, and MetS. METHODS: Children and adolescents (n=1603) from 6 to 18 years, boys (n=873) and girls (n=730), including normal weight (n=603), overweight (n=291) and obese (n=709) were assessed for body size parameters, pubertal development, blood lipids, glucose, insulin, ASP, and C3. RESULTS: ASP levels were increased in overweight and obese versus normal weight (P<0.001), while C3 showed little variation. This effect of overweight/obesity remained throughout early stages when boys and girls were separated by pubertal development or age, although age and pubertal status itself had no effect. Separation based on ASP quintiles demonstrated significant associations with blood cholesterol, triglyceride, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-Chol), glucose, insulin, and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance in boys, and LDL-Chol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and glucose in girls. A positive correlation with mother's body mass index in boys and girls (P=0.002 and P=0.014 respectively) as well as birth weight (P<0.001) was noted. MetS was strongly associated with increased ASP, the presence of a single MetS factor (especially hypertension, central obesity, or hyperglycemia) was associated with increased ASP. CONCLUSION: Changes in the plasma adipokine ASP in early obesity are associated with blood lipid and glucose modifications, family environment, and distinct MetS risk factors. FAU - Wamba, Ponce Cedric Fouejeu
Plasma fibrinogen in Israeli Moslem and Jewish school-children: distribution and relation to other cardiovascular risk factors. The Petah Tikva project.$$$ Plasma fibrinogen levels were measured in 1,175 Israeli schoolchildren, aged 9-18 years, originating from diverse ethnic groups. The Moslem children displayed striking differences in levels and age-patterns of fibrinogen compared to Jewish children. Lower mean plasma fibrinogen levels in boys aged 9-10, 13-14 and 16-18 were observed among Moslem boys, compared to their Jewish counterparts born in Israel. Moslem girls showed lower levels of fibrinogen than Jewish Israeli girls at ages 9-10 and 16-18. While the Jewish children displayed an age-associated fibrinogen pattern comparable at the three age groups, the levels for Moslem children increased pre-puberty and decreased post-puberty, peaking at 13-14 years. No significant difference in mean plasma fibrinogen was found between sexes within ethnic groups. A number of statistically significant but low correlations (-0.32 to 0.24) were found between plasma fibrinogen and high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) as a percentage of total cholesterol, triglycerides, blood glucose, uric acid, blood pressure, Quetelet index and sports activity. The difference between fibrinogen levels might point to a possible ethnicity risk factor explanation rather than environmentally acquired factors. FAU - Zahavi, I
Non cancer thyroid and other endocrine disease in children and adults exposed to ionizing radiation after the ChNPP accident.$$$ STUDY OBJECTIVE: To summarize the verified clinical and epidemiological data on the natural history of non cancer endocrine disease in remote period after the ChNPP accident in survivors of adult and children age. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Retrospective estimation was carried out of data on 24,588 adult persons and 20,087 chil dren survived after the ChNNP accident and being healthy or having any diseases. Data were retrieved from database of the Clinical Epidemiological Registry (CER), NRCRM for the 23 years (1992-2014) of survey. Average total external radiation dose in adults was 0.187 Gy, range of thyroid dose in children was 0.1-1.55 Gy. These data were verifies in a separate clinical study. Anthropometric, laboratory biochemical and hormonal assay values, thyroid ultrasound imaging patterns and radiation dose values were retrieved for the study. RESULTS: Retrospective data review for the 1992-2014 period indicated that incidence of thyroid disease in all per sons survived after the ChNPP accident run at 40.29% with 35.37% among the clean up workers, 27.24% among evac uees, and 28.6% among population of contaminated territories that all is significantly (p < 0.0001) higher vs. the entire population of Ukraine (3.9%). Following non cancer endocrine diseases were most prevalent in the ChNPP acci dent survivors: nodular goiter (14.35%), chronic autoimmune thyroiditis (~8%), pre obesity and obesity (41.9% and 36.8% respectively), prediabetes and diabetes mellitus (15.5% and 21.4% respectively). Nodular goiter (21.8%), chronic autoimmune thyroiditis (12.95%), pre obesity and obesity (41.71% and 33.61% respectively), and predia betes and diabetes mellitus (8.6% and 12.15% respectively) were most often diagnosed in the ChNPP accident clean up workers. Children evacuated from the 30 kilometer exclusion zone were a critical population group. They were diagnosed diffuse non toxic goiter in 43.68%, chronic autoimmune thyroiditis in 1.74%, primary hypothyroidism in 0.96%, and nodular goiter in 2.57%. Peak prevalence of chronic autoimmune thyroiditis occurred in 2001-2003 i.e. in a period of their intensive pubertal maturation. In children (first generation) of exposed parents the thyroid dis ease was revealed in 42.64%, that exceeded the incidence in control group, chronic autoimmune thyroiditis was found rarer i.e. in 0.45%, diffuse non toxic goiter in 9.5-13.8%, nodular goiter in 1.7%. CONCLUSIONS: Non cancer endocrine disease in children and adults exposed to ionizing radiation is frequent and reg istered in 3 53% of persons. It occurs in most of survivors 10-15 years upon the impact of radiation factor as a result of man made accident and continues to grow slowly in 30 years.
Temple syndrome: improving the recognition of an underdiagnosed chromosome 14 imprinting disorder: an analysis of 51 published cases.$$$ Chromosome 14 harbours an imprinted locus at 14q32. Maternal uniparental disomy of chromosome 14, paternal deletions and loss of methylation at the intergenic differentially methylated region (IG-DMR) result in a human phenotype of low birth weight, hypotonia, early puberty and markedly short adult stature. The analysis of the world literature of 51 cases identifies the key features that will enhance diagnosis and potentially improve treatment. We found a median birth weight SD score (SDS) of -1.88 and median adult final height of -2.04 SDS. Hypotonia and motor delay were reported in 93% and 83% of cases, respectively. Early puberty was reported in 86% of cases with the mean age of menarche at 10 years and 2 months of age. Small hands and feet were reported frequently (87% and 96%, respectively). Premature birth was common (30%) and feeding difficulties frequently reported (n = 22). There was evidence of mildly reduced intellectual ability (measured IQ 75-95). Obesity was reported in 49% of cases, and three patients developed type 2 diabetes mellitus. Two patients were reported to have recurrent hypoglycaemia, and one of these patients was subsequently demonstrated to be growth hormone deficient and started replacement therapy. We propose the use of the name 'Temple syndrome' for this condition and suggest that improved diagnosis and long-term monitoring, especially of growth and cardiovascular risk factors, is required.
Does an altered leptin axis play a role in obesity among children and adolescents with classical congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency?$$$ OBJECTIVE: Congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) patients are at a higher risk to develop obesity. The role of leptin in CAH is still controversial. Our study aimed to evaluate serum levels of leptin, the soluble leptin receptor (sOB-R), and the sOB-R: leptin molar ratios in a cohort of CAH children and adolescents, and their associations with clinical and metabolic parameters. METHODS: We studied 51 CAH patients, aged 5.6-19.6 years (median 11.8, n=30 females) cross-sectionally. All patients had genetically proven CAH and received standard steroid substitution therapy. Blood specimens were taken after overnight fasting between 0800 and 1000 h. For the analyses of leptin and sOB-R, matched pairs were built with healthy Caucasian patients for sex, Tanner stage (TS), chronologic age (CA), and body mass index (BMI). RESULTS: BMI and SDS were significantly elevated compared with the reference population. Leptin levels were not different between matched pairs, whereas sOB-R levels were significantly lower in CAH. Consequently, the sOB-R: leptin molar ratios were significantly decreased in CAH. Correlation analyses in CAH patients revealed significant relationship between leptin and CA, TS, BMI, and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance. Similar results were obtained for the matched control group. For sOB-R, we found no significant correlation for CA, TS, or BMI in CAH, but we did in the controls. There were significant correlations for androgens within the CAH group. Additional analyses revealed no correlation with steroid medication or metabolic control. CONCLUSIONS: Our data show that an altered leptin axis with normal serum leptin concentrations but decreased sOB-R serum levels may contribute to the increased risk of overweight and obesity in CAH. FAU - Völkl, Thomas M K
Testicular growth and spermatogenesis: new goals for pubertal hormone replacement in boys with hypogonadotropic hypogonadism? -a multicentre prospective study of hCG/rFSH treatment outcomes during adolescence.$$$ CONTEXT/OBJECTIVE: Testosterone treatment for pubertal induction in boys with hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (HH) provides virilization, but does not induce testicular growth or fertility. Larger studies evaluating the outcomes of gonadotropin replacement during adolescence have not been reported to date; whether previous testosterone substitution affects testicular responses is unresolved. We aimed to assess the effects of human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) and recombinant FSH (rFSH) in boys and adolescents with HH with respect to a) testicular growth, b) spermatogenesis, c) quality of life (QoL) and to identify factors influencing therapeutic success. DESIGN/SETTING: A prospective case study was conducted in 26 paediatric endocrine centres PATIENTS/INTERVENTIONS: HCG and rFSH were administered until cessation of testicular growth and plateauing of spermatogenesis to (1) prepubertal HH boys with absent or early arrested puberty (group A) and to (2) HH adolescents who had previously received full testosterone replacement (group B). OUTCOME MEASURES: Bi-testicular volumes (BTVs), sperm concentrations and QoL. RESULTS: Sixty (34 A/26 B) HH patients aged 14-22 years were enrolled. BTVs rose from 5 ± 5 to 34 ± 3 ml in group A vs 5 ± 3 to 32 ± 3 ml in group B, with normal final BTVs (≥24 ml) attained in 74%/70% after 25/23 months in A/B, respectively. Sperm in the ejaculate were found in 21/23(91%)/18/19(95%), with plateauing concentrations after 31/30 months of hCG and 25/25 months of combined treatment in A/B. Sperm concentrations were normal (≥15 mill/ml) in 61%/32%, with mean concentrations of 40 ± 73 vs 19 ± 38 mill/ml in A/B (n.s.). Outcomes were better in patients without bilateral cryptorchidism, with non-congenital HH causes, higher baseline BTVs, and higher baseline inhibin B and AMH levels. QoL increased in both groups. CONCLUSIONS: HCG/rFSH replacement during adolescence successfully induces testicular growth and spermatogenesis, irrespective of previous testosterone replacement, and enhances QoL.
Early pituitary-gonadal activation before clinical signs of puberty in 5- to 8-year-old adopted girls: a study of 99 foreign adopted girls and 93 controls.$$$ CONTEXT: Recent studies have indicated that internationally adopted girls are at high risk of developing precocious puberty. Clinical studies including a contemporary control group are lacking. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to study clinical, biochemical, and ultrasonographic markers of pituitary-gonadal activation in prepubertal adopted girls and a control group in the same age categories. SETTING: The study took place at University Hospital, Copenhagen, Denmark. DESIGN AND PARTICIPANTS: The study included randomly selected internationally adopted girls [(n = 99; mean age, 6.9 (5.1-8.5) yr] and controls of Danish origin [n = 93; mean age, 6.8 (5.2-8.5) yr] who were studied cross-sectionally. METHODS: Height, weight, and pubertal stage were assessed with serum levels of reproductive hormones. Size and morphology of internal genitals were evaluated by ultrasonography. Bone age was evaluated by x-ray of the left hand. RESULTS: Serum values of FSH were significantly higher in prepubertal adopted girls compared with controls [median, 1.4 (95% confidence interval, 0.4-3.6) vs. 1.0 (0.4-2.4) IU/liter; P <0.001]. Serum estradiol was above detection limit (>18 pmol/liter) in 46.5% of prepubertal adopted girls and 20.7% of controls (P = 0.001). In prepubertal adopted girls, the proportion of measurable samples increased significantly with age [odds ratio, 2.5 (95% confidence interval, 1.3-5.0; P = 0.009]. In controls, the odds ratio was 1.0 (0.6-1.7) (P = 0.9). Serum SHBG levels were significantly lower in prepubertal adopted girls compared with controls [99.0 (50.4-153.0) vs. 115.0 (53.1-202.1); P < 0.001]. CONCLUSION: Five- to 8-yr-old adopted girls showed signs of increased pituitary as well as gonadal activity despite prepubertal phenotype in the majority of girls. Our findings suggest that early onset of puberty in adopted girls is centrally driven. FAU - Teilmann, Grete
Chronic disease outcomes after severe acute malnutrition in Malawian children (ChroSAM): a cohort study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Tackling severe acute malnutrition (SAM) is a global health priority. Heightened risk of non-communicable diseases (NCD) in children exposed to SAM at around 2 years of age is plausible in view of previously described consequences of other early nutritional insults. By applying developmental origins of health and disease (DOHaD) theory to this group, we aimed to explore the long-term effects of SAM. METHODS: We followed up 352 Malawian children (median age 9·3 years) who were still alive following SAM inpatient treatment between July 12, 2006, and March 7, 2007, (median age 24 months) and compared them with 217 sibling controls and 184 age-and-sex matched community controls. Our outcomes of interest were anthropometry, body composition, lung function, physical capacity (hand grip, step test, and physical activity), and blood markers of NCD risk. For comparisons of all outcomes, we used multivariable linear regression, adjusted for age, sex, HIV status, and socioeconomic status. We also adjusted for puberty in the body composition regression model. FINDINGS: Compared with controls, children who had survived SAM had lower height-for-age Z scores (adjusted difference vs community controls 0·4, 95% CI 0·6 to 0·2, p=0·001; adjusted difference vs sibling controls 0·2, 0·0 to 0·4, p=0·04), although they showed evidence of catch-up growth. These children also had shorter leg length (adjusted difference vs community controls 2·0 cm, 1·0 to 3·0, p<0·0001; adjusted difference vs sibling controls 1·4 cm, 0·5 to 2·3, p=0·002), smaller mid-upper arm circumference (adjusted difference vs community controls 5·6 mm, 1·9 to 9·4, p=0·001; adjusted difference vs sibling controls 5·7 mm, 2·3 to 9·1, p=0·02), calf circumference (adjusted difference vs community controls 0·49 cm, 0·1 to 0·9, p=0·01; adjusted difference vs sibling controls 0·62 cm, 0·2 to 1·0, p=0·001), and hip circumference (adjusted difference vs community controls 1·56 cm, 0·5 to 2·7, p=0·01; adjusted difference vs sibling controls 1·83 cm, 0·8 to 2·8, p<0·0001), and less lean mass (adjusted difference vs community controls -24·5, -43 to -5·5, p=0·01; adjusted difference vs sibling controls -11·5, -29 to -6, p=0·19) than did either sibling or community controls. Survivors of SAM had functional deficits consisting of weaker hand grip (adjusted difference vs community controls -1·7 kg, 95% CI -2·4 to -0·9, p<0·0001; adjusted difference vs sibling controls 1·01 kg, 0·3 to 1·7, p=0·005,)) and fewer minutes completed of an exercise test (sibling odds ratio [OR] 1·59, 95% CI 1·0 to 2·5, p=0·04; community OR 1·59, 95% CI 1·0 to 2·5, p=0·05). We did not detect significant differences between cases and controls in terms of lung function, lipid profile, glucose tolerance, glycated haemoglobin A1c, salivary cortisol, sitting height, and head circumference. INTERPRETATION: Our results suggest that SAM has long-term adverse effects. Survivors show patterns of so-called thrifty growth, which is associated with future cardiovascular and metabolic disease. The evidence of catch-up growth and largely preserved cardiometabolic and pulmonary functions suggest the potential for near-full rehabilitation. Future follow-up should try to establish the effects of puberty and later dietary or social transitions on these parameters, as well as explore how best to optimise recovery and quality of life for survivors. FUNDING: The Wellcome Trust.
Steroid hormone profiles in prepubertal obese children before and after weight loss.$$$ CONTEXT: Little information is available on the steroid hormone profiles in obese children and their changes after weight loss. OBJECTIVE: We compared liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry of serum steroid hormone profiles between obese and normal-weight children and studied the differential effects of weight loss on these hormones. DESIGN: This study was a cross-sectional comparison between obese and normal-weight children and a longitudinal 1-year follow-up study during lifestyle intervention in obese children. SETTING: The setting of the study was primary care. PATIENTS: Forty obese prepubertal (mean age 8.5 ± 2.1 years, 48% female, mean body mass index 24.8 ± 3.5 kg/m(2)) and 40 normal-weight children matched for gender, age, and pubertal stage. INTERVENTION: The study consisted of an outpatient 1-year intervention program based on exercise, behavior, and nutrition therapy. MAIN OUTCOMES MEASURES: Progesterone, 17-hydroxyprogesterone, 11-deoxycorticosterone, corticosterone, aldosterone, 11-deoxycortisol, cortisol, cortisone, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS), androstenedione, T, dihydrotestosterone, insulin resistance index of the homeostasis model assessment, and blood pressure were measured. RESULTS: Prepubertal obese children showed significantly increased androgens (DHEAS, androstenedione, T), mineralocorticoid precursor corticosterone, and glucocorticoids (11-deoxycortisol, cortisol, cortisone) compared with normal-weight children. In contrast to 20 obese children without weight loss, the 20 obese children with substantial weight loss demonstrated a significant decrease of cortisol, cortisone, and corticosterone. Androstenedione and T decreased but DHEAS remained elevated. Changes of the homeostasis model assessment correlated significantly positively with changes of cortisol (r = 0.38) and cortisone (r = 0.43) in partial regression analyses adjusted to changes of weight status. CONCLUSIONS: In obese prepubertal children, the increased androgens, mineralocorticoid precursors, and glucocorticoids were responsive to weight loss in contrast to DHEAS, suggesting that DHEAS does not seem to be regulated by changes in body mass index. FAU - Reinehr, Thomas
The increase of fatty acid-binding protein aP2 in overweight and obese children: interactions with dietary fat and impact on measures of subclinical inflammation.$$$ BACKGROUND: In adults, circulating aP2 may link obesity, inflammation and the metabolic syndrome, but there are few data in children. Experimental models support that dietary factors, particularly dietary fat, may be major determinants of phenotype. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate, in normal, overweight and obese children, the relationships among aP2, the metabolic syndrome, inflammation and diet. DESIGN: This was a cross-sectional study conducted in Northern Switzerland. SUBJECTS: Subjects for this study were 6- to 14-year-old, prepubertal and early pubertal, normal weight, overweight and obese children (n=124). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Body mass index (BMI), body fat percent, waist-to-hip ratio, blood pressure, circulating aP2, fasting insulin, C-reactive protein (CRP), plasma lipids and dietary intakes of macro- and micronutrients were determined. RESULTS: Circulating aP2 markedly increased with increasing central and total adiposity, and predicted measures of insulin resistance. Independent of BMI standard deviation scores and puberty, aP2 correlated with intake of the antioxidant vitamins A, C and E as well as circulating concentrations of CRP, leptin and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Children with lower aP2 concentrations consuming high-fat diets did not show an increase in fasting insulin or CRP, whereas those with higher aP2 concentrations showed marked increases in these measures with high intakes of fat or saturated fat. CONCLUSIONS: Increased central and overall adiposity in children are associated with higher circulating aP2 concentrations. In children with high dietary intakes of total fat and saturated fat, but not those with low intakes, higher aP2 concentrations are associated with measures of insulin resistance and inflammation. FAU - Aeberli, I
Pamidronate treatment of less severe forms of osteogenesis imperfecta in children.$$$ BACKGROUND: Bisphosphonate therapy improves bone quality in children with severe osteogenesis imperfecta (OI). Children with milder phenotypes also have prepubertal fractures, bone pain and reduced bone mass, predisposing them to adult osteoporosis. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate treatment effects of pamidronate in children with mild phenotypes of OI. METHODS: Open label, 2-year observational study of 18 patients, using pamidronate, with clinical, biochemical and radiological monitoring. RESULTS: Over 2 years, bone pain decreased from 16 to 1 patient and disturbed sleep from 12 children to 0. Independent mobility improved from 10 to 17 children. Fracture incidence decreased from 1.6 to 0.5 fractures/child/year. Surgical interventions decreased from a mean 1.3 procedures/patient to 0 in the second year of treatment. Growth velocity remained stable at a mean 4.8 cm/year. Mean lumbar vertebral bone mineral density improved by 40.8%, from 0.375 to 0.528 g/cm2 (p <0.0001), z-score from -3.77 to -2.44 (p <0.0001). Mean vertebral height improved by 17.3%, from 15.6 to 18.38 mm (p = 0.07); plasma alkaline phosphatase decreased from 222 to 169 U/l (p = 0.0009) and urinary deoxypyridinoline crosslinks decreased from 26.7 to 21.8 nmol/mmol creatinine (p = 0.21). Two children with vitamin D insufficiency were concurrently treated. A significant association (r = -0.6, p = 0.008) was shown between age at start of treatment and percentage change in BMD after 2 years. CONCLUSIONS: Pamidronate treatment improves bone quality in children with mild types of OI. It ameliorates clinical symptoms, improves mobility, reduces fracture frequency and thus improves quality of life and in future is likely to reduce the severity and consequences of adult osteoporosis by improved peak bone mass in these children. FAU - Zacharin, Margaret
Effect of growth hormone (GH) treatment on bone in postpubertal GH-deficient patients: a 2-year randomized, controlled, dose-ranging study.$$$ GH treatment in children with GH deficiency is frequently terminated at final height. However, in healthy individuals bone mass continues to accrue until peak bone mass is achieved. Because no prospective data specifically prove the role of GH in attainment of peak bone mass, we performed a multinational, controlled, 2-yr study in patients who had terminated pediatric GH at final height. Patients were randomized to: GH at 25.0 microg/kg x day (pediatric dose, n = 58) or 12.5 microg/kg x day (adult dose, n = 59), or no GH treatment (control, n = 32). Bone mineral content (BMC) and density were measured by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry and evaluated centrally. Laboratory measurements were also performed centrally. After 2 yr, significant increases were seen with both GH treatments, compared with control in bone-specific alkaline phosphatase (P = 0.004) and type I collagen C-terminal telopeptide:creatinine ratio (P < 0.001), but there were no significant dose effects. Total BMC increased by 9.5 +/- 8.4% in the adult dose group, 8.1 +/- 7.6% in the pediatric dose group, and 5.6 +/- 8.4% in controls (analysis of covariance, P = 0.008), with no significant GH dose effect. BMC increased predominantly at the lumbar spine (11.0 +/- 10.6%, P = 0.015) rather than at the femoral neck or hip. In contrast, a significant dose-dependent increase was seen in IGF-I concentrations (adult dose: 114.5 +/- 119.4 microg/liter; pediatric dose: 178.5 +/- 143.7 microg/liter; P = 0.023). There were no gender-related differences in BMC changes with either dose, whereas the IGF-I increase was significantly higher with the pediatric than with the adult dose in females (P < 0.001) but not males (P = 0.606). In summary, reinstitution of GH replacement after final height in severely GH-deficient patients induced significant progression toward peak bone mass. Although there was a by-gender dose effect on IGF-I concentration, the treatment effect on bone was obtained in both males and females with the adult GH dose regimen. FAU - Shalet, Stephen M
Body composition in young adult survivors of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukaemia.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Obesity is frequently reported in patients treated for childhood leukaemia. Obesity, particularly abdominal obesity, is one of the main characteristics of the metabolic syndrome and a risk factor for cardiovascular disease and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). DESIGN: All patients treated for acute lymphoblastic leukaemia (ALL) before the onset of puberty in the region of western Sweden, between 1973 and 1985, and in first remission, were included. 35 out of 47 patients aged 20-32 years participated. 19 patients had received cranial radiotherapy, and the median follow-up time was 20 years. The focus of this report was to study body composition and signs of the metabolic syndrome and correlate the findings to spontaneous growth hormone (GH) secretion. METHODS: Body composition was assessed using dual-energy X-ray absorbtiometry (DEXA). We analyzed serum concentrations of insulin, glucose, leptin and lipids. RESULTS: No patient was obese according to World Health Organization criteria (body mass index, BMI > or = 30 kg/m2) but one-third were overweight (BMI 25-29.9 kg/m2). The maximal GH peak during 24 h (GHmax) was correlated to percentage of total body fat (r = -0.42; P = 0.017), trunk fat (r = -0.5; P = 0.005) and fat-free mass (r = 0.42; P = 0.017). GHmax was also correlated to s-triglycerides (r = -0.54; P = 0.001), low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (r = -0.382; P = 0.024) and high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (r = 0.45; P = 0.007). CONCLUSIONS: We found little effect on BMI but an increased percentage of total body fat, especially trunk fat, and a tendency for an unfavourable lipid profile in adult survivors of childhood leukaemia. These findings were related to low endogenous GH secretion due to cranial irradiation. FAU - Jarfelt, M
Growth, final height and endocrine sequelae in a UK population of patients with Hurler syndrome (MPS1H).$$$ OBJECTIVE: Hurler Syndrome, (MPSIH) is an inborn error of glycosaminoglycan metabolism. Haematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) has transformed the prognosis for these children. Prior to transplant patients receive chemotherapy or chemo-radiotherapy. Regular screening for the development of endocrine sequelae is therefore essential. We present for the first time data on final adult height and endocrine complications in children with MPSIH post HSCT. DESIGN: Retrospective case note study and a prospective programme of growth and endocrine assessment. PATIENTS: 22 patients were included, mean age at last assessment 12.2 (Range 6.3-21.6) years. Mean age at HSCT was 1.3 (SD 0.6) years. Conditioning included mostly busulphan and cyclophosphamide, with 5 patients receiving total body irradiation prior to second transplant. RESULTS: Height SDS decreased over time. Final height (FH) was attained in seven patients with male FH SDS -4.3 (Range -3.8, -5.1) and female FH SDS -3.4 (Range -2.9, -5.6). Eight of 13 patients tested had evidence of high growth hormone (GH) levels, while one had GH deficiency. Adrenal and thyroid function was normal in all. 11 patients were pubertal or post pubertal. Two females had pubertal failure requiring intervention. All male patients had spontaneous, complete puberty; however three patients have reduced testicular volumes. Five out of 13 patients tested had an abnormal oral glucose tolerance test. CONCLUSION: Growth is impaired, primarily related to skeletal dysplasia, but also associated with GH resistance. Pubertal development may be compromised and abnormalities of glucose metabolism are common. We recommend a structured endocrine surveillance programme for these patients. FAU - Gardner, Chris J
Is there a relationship between cardiovascular risk factors and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate levels in childhood obesity?$$$ AIM: In this study, parameters of metabolic syndrome and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS) levels in obese children and adolescents were evaluated and the associations between these factors were analyzed. METHOD: One hundred obese and 40 healthy children/adolescents were included in the study. Pubertal stages, anthropometric and blood pressure measurements were recorded. Levels of fasting serum lipids, glucose, insulin, and DHEAS, and liver function tests were determined. Carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) was measured using two-dimensional echocardiography. Steatorrhoeic hepatosis was evaluated using abdominal ultrasonography in the obese group. RESULTS: Mean body weight, body mass index, waist, hip circumference, waist/hip ratio, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, alanine transferase, DHEAS, and CIMT values were significantly higher in the obese group than in the controls. DHEAS levels were found to be positively correlated with waist circumference, waist/hip ratio, and CIMT. CONCLUSION: Early determination of metabolic and cardiac dysfunction in obese children is important for the prevention of future complications. Since in this study we found a strong association between DHEAS levels and obesity-related metabolic and cardiovascular risk factors, we believe that this may lead to increased interest in further studies of DHEAS in the search for new treatment approaches. FAU - Akyürek, Nesibe
Whole-Grain Intake, Reflected by Dietary Records and Biomarkers, Is Inversely Associated with Circulating Insulin and Other Cardiometabolic Markers in 8- to 11-Year-Old Children.$$$ Background: Whole-grain consumption seems to be cardioprotective in adults, but evidence in children is limited.Objective: We investigated whether intakes of total whole grain and dietary fiber as well as specific whole grains were associated with fat mass and cardiometabolic risk profile in children.Methods: We collected cross-sectional data on parental education, puberty, diet by 7-d records, and physical activity by accelerometry and measured anthropometry, fat mass index by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, and blood pressure in 713 Danish children aged 8-11 y. Fasting blood samples were obtained and analyzed for alkylresorcinols, biomarkers of whole-grain wheat and rye intake, HDL and LDL cholesterol, triacylglycerols, insulin, and glucose. Linear mixed models included puberty, parental education, physical activity, and intakes of energy, fruit and vegetables, saturated fat, and n-3 (ω-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids.Results: Median (IQR) whole-grain and dietary fiber intakes were 52 g/d (35-72 g/d) and 17 g/d (14-22 g/d), respectively. Fourteen percent of children were overweight or obese and most had low-risk cardiometabolic profiles. Dietary whole-grain and fiber intakes were not associated with fat mass index but were inversely associated with serum insulin [both P < 0.01; e.g., with 0.68 pmol/L (95% CI: 0.26, 1.10 pmol/L) lower insulin · g whole grain(-1) · MJ(-1)]. Whole-grain oat intake was inversely associated with fat mass index, systolic blood pressure, and LDL cholesterol (all P < 0.05) as well as insulin (P = 0.003), which also tended to be inversely associated with whole-grain rye intake (P = 0.11). Adjustment for fat mass index did not change the associations. The C17-to-C21 alkylresorcinol ratio, reflecting whole-grain rye to wheat intake, was inversely associated with insulin (P < 0.001).Conclusions: Higher whole-grain intake was associated with lower serum insulin independently of fat mass in 8- to 11-y-old Danish children. Whole-grain oat intake was linked to an overall protective cardiometabolic profile, and whole-grain rye intake was marginally associated with lower serum insulin. This supports whole grains as healthy dietary components in childhood. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01577277.
Long-term outcomes of letrozole treatment for precocious puberty in girls with McCune-Albright syndrome.$$$ OBJECTIVE: McCune-Albright syndrome (MAS) is a rare disorder with a broad spectrum including precocious puberty (PP) due to recurrent estrogen-secreting ovarian cysts. This study evaluates the long-term safety and efficacy of letrozole treatment in large cohort of girls with MAS-associated PP. DESIGN: Retrospective cohort analysis. METHODS: Clinical data, including history and physical examination, bone age, and pelvic ultrasounds, were reviewed on 28 letrozole-treated girls. Adult height was reviewed for 42 historical controls. Outcomes included rate of skeletal maturation, growth velocity, predicted adult height and adult height. RESULTS: Twenty-eight girls received letrozole treatment. Treatment duration was 4.1 ± 2.6 years (mean ± 1 s.d.) (range: 0.5-10.9) and mean follow-up was 6.0 ± 3.3 years (range: 0.5-15.0), for a total of 135.9 person-years of follow-up. Letrozole treatment was highly effective at decreasing the rate of skeletal maturation, with a decline in change in bone age over change in chronological age (ΔBA/ΔCA) from 1.7 (IQR: 2.3) to 0.5 (IQR: 0.4) (P < 0.0001), and growth velocity Z-scores, which declined from 2.2 ± 2.3 to -0.6 ± 1.6 (P = 0.0004). Predicted adult height Z-scores increased significantly from -2.9 ± 3.2 to -0.8 ± 1.5 for subjects on treatment (P = 0.004). Four subjects who completed treatment reached adult height Z-scores ranging from -1.5 to 1.7 (median: -0.6), which were increased in comparison with untreated historical controls (P = 0.02). There was no change in uterine size or ovarian volumes, and no adverse events over the treatment period. CONCLUSIONS: In this study with the longest follow-up to date, letrozole treatment resulted in sustained beneficial effects on skeletal maturation, growth velocity and predicted adult height.
Plasma total homocysteine in Brazilian overweight and non-overweight adolescents: a case-control study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To test the hypothesis that overweight adolescents have higher plasma total homocysteine (tHcy) levels than non-overweight adolescents and to explore the association between plasma tHcy levels with folate, vitamin B12 and some risk factors for CVD in both groups. METHODS: A case-control study conductec with 239 adolescentes aged 15-19 years in the city of São Paulo, Brazil; 86 overweight and 153 non-overweight frequency matched by age, gender, pubertal and socioeconomic status. tHcy, folate, vitamin B12, lipid profile, glucose, insulin and insulin resistance were measured. RESULTS: No significant differences were found in tHcy, folate and vitamin B12 levels between overweight and non-overweight groups. The geometric means of tHcy were elevated in both groups (overweight: 11.8 micromol/L; non-overweight: 11.6 micromol/L) higher for boys than for girls (P < or = 0.001). Folate deficiency was identified in 68.6% of total studied population. Triacylglycerol, LDL cholesterol, insulin resistance were higher and HDL cholesterol was lower in overweight that non-overweight adolescents. In the multiple linear regression model, in overweight group, tHcy was independently associated with age (P = 0.041), sex (P = 0.004) and folate (P = 0.022) and in non-overweight group, with age (P = 0.049), sex (P < 0.001), folate (P = 0.018) and vitamin B12 (P = 0.030). CONCLUSIONS: Obesity was not a determinant factor of tHcy levels. Age, sex and folate were independent determinants of plasma tHcy levels. The high prevalence of folate deficiency may have been responsible for the elevated tHcy levels in these adolescents, increasing the risk for future development of CVD. FAU - Brasileiro, R S
Treated and untreated women with idiopathic precocious puberty: long-term follow-up and reproductive outcome between the third and fifth decades.$$$ CONTEXT: Central precocious puberty (CPP), treated or untreated, may have implications in adulthood. OBJECTIVE: To assess the reproductive outcome and social adjustment of former CPP women between the 3rd and 5th decades of life. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study of an historical cohort. METHODS: Demographic data and gynaecological history of 214 CPP women aged 25-56 years [135 GnRH analogue (GnRHa)-treated, 18 cyproterone acetate (CyA)-treated, 61 untreated] and of 446 controls with normal puberty, matched for age and year of birth, were recorded in a structured interview. RESULTS: Marital status, education and number of children were similar in CPP women and controls. Clinical hyperandrogenism (acne/hirsutism with oligomenorrhoea) was more frequently reported in CPP women than in controls: GnRHa-treated 29·6% vs 17·4% (P = 0·006), CyA-treated 50% vs 20·4% (P = 0·04), untreated 34·4% vs 17·2% (P = 0·003), with no significant difference between CPP groups. Spontaneous pregnancy was similarly achieved by treated CPP and controls: GnRHa-treated 90·4% vs 93·4%, CyA-treated 86·7% vs 90·2%. Assisted fertilization rate was higher in untreated CPP than treated CPP groups (P = 0·006) and controls (P = 0·03). Untreated CPP was the only parameter associated with clinical hyperandrogenism (OR=2·04, 95% CI, 1·0-4·16, P = 0·07) and fertility problems (OR=3·40, 95% CI, 1·15-10·0, P = 0·047). Course of pregnancy was uneventful in 90·2% of CPP women and 90·9% of controls. CONCLUSIONS: The increased rate of clinical hyperandrogenism among CPP women implies that the underlying neuroendocrine dysfunction persists into adult life. Pubertal suppression treatment may have a protective effect as fertility problems were more prevalent only among untreated CPP women. Educational achievements and marital status were unaffected by CPP.
Differences in stimulated androgen levels in black and white obese adolescent females.$$$ STUDY OBJECTIVE: Little is known about racial differences in androgen levels among obese children. The objective of this pilot study was to compare basal and stimulated androgen levels in a cross-sectional sample of obese black and white pubertal females. STUDY DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This was cross-sectional study of obese (body mass index ≥ 95th percentile) but otherwise healthy female adolescents (10 black and 12 white; age range 8.8-13.9 y) who underwent adrenocorticotropic hormone stimulation testing at an academic medical center as part of a protocol for the study of obesity-related conditions. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Basal and stimulated androgen levels. RESULTS: White and black participants were similar with regard to pubertal stage, body mass index, percentage body fat, and fasting glucose and insulin levels. Black girls had lower stimulated levels of 17-hydroxyprogesterone, and the differences between basal and stimulated levels of 17-hydroxyprogesterone and androstenedione were lower in black girls. Body mass index was negatively correlated with stimulated cortisol in blacks only (r = -0.69, P = .03). CONCLUSION: There appear to be race-related differences in stimulated androgen levels in obese adolescent females. These differences deserve further study, as measurements of androgen levels are commonly used in clinical practice and research.
Metformin for Obesity in Prepubertal and Pubertal Children: A Randomized Controlled Trial. LID - e20164285 [pii] LID - 10.1542/peds.2016-4285 [doi]$$$ OBJECTIVES: Metformin has shown its effectiveness in treating obesity in adults. However, little research has been conducted in children, with a lack of attention on pubertal status. The objectives were to determine whether oral metformin treatment reduces BMI z score, cardiovascular risk, and inflammation biomarkers in children who are obese depending on pubertal stage and sex. METHODS: This was a randomized, prospective, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter trial, stratified according to pubertal stage and sex, conducted at 4 Spanish clinical hospitals. Eighty prepubertal and 80 pubertal nondiabetic children who were obese aged 7 to 14 years with a BMI >95th percentiles were recruited. The intervention included 1 g/d of metformin versus placebo for 6 months. The primary outcome was a reduction in BMI z score. Secondary outcomes comprised insulin resistance, cardiovascular risk, and inflammation biomarkers. RESULTS: A total of 140 children completed the study (72 boys). Metformin decreased the BMI z score versus placebo in the prepubertal group (-0.8 and -0.6, respectively; difference, 0.2; P = .04). Significant increments were observed in prepubertal children treated with metformin versus placebo recipients in the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (0.010 and -0.007; difference, 0.017; P = .01) and the adiponectin-leptin ratio (0.96 and 0.15; difference, 0.81; P = .01) and declines in interferon-γ (-5.6 and 0; difference, 5.6; P = .02) and total plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (-1.7 and 2.4; difference, 4.1; P = .04). No serious adverse effects were reported. CONCLUSIONS: “Metformin decreased the BMI z score and improved inflammatory and cardiovascular-related obesity parameters only in prepubertal children, but a differential effect of metformin was not observed in prepubertal compared to pubertal children. Nevertheless, the doses per kilogram of weight administrated may have had an impact on the metformin effect. Further investigations are necessary.”
Plasma resistin levels are associated with homocysteine, endothelial activation, and nitrosative stress in obese youths.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether serum resistin levels are related to cardiovascular risk in obese children. DESIGN AND METHODS: Cross-sectional study of 110 children (40 normal weight and 70 severely obese). Clinical and biochemical parameters, including lipid profile, fasting glucose and insulin, and homocysteine, were determined. The levels of adipokines (adiponectin, leptin, and resistin), markers of inflammation (high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP)), endothelial activation (serum concentrations of soluble intercellular and vascular cellular adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1, sVCAM-1)), and oxidative/nitrosative stress (malondialdehyde and urinary nitrate/nitrite) were measured. RESULTS: A partial correlation adjusted by gender, Tanner stage, and body mass index in obese children showed that resistin was significantly related to central obesity (p<0.002), insulin resistance (p<0.005), and homocysteine (p<0.001). No association was found with other metabolic risk factors or hs-CRP levels. Malondialdehyde (p<0.043) and sVCAM-1 (p<0.002) were positively correlated whereas urinary nitrate/nitrite was negatively correlated (p<0.007). In multiple regression analysis homocysteine, sVCAM-1, and urinary nitrate/nitrite remained independent determinants of resistin levels (R(2) adjusted=0.347, p=0.000). CONCLUSIONS: Resistin could be considered as a promising marker for future cardiovascular disease in obese children.
Metabolic syndrome and endothelial dysfunction in a population born small for gestational age relationship to growth and Gh therapy.$$$ Being born small for gestational age (SGA) and a rapid increase in weight during early childhood and infancy have been strongly linked to metabolic syndrome. A transversal study was conducted on 167 pre-pubertal and 102 pubertal subjects; auxological parameters, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, laboratory data, and carotid-wall thickness (CA-IMT) were measured. RESULTS: Patients born SGA with spontaneous catch-up growth have higher values of BMI, blood pressure, HOMA index, and CA-IMT than those treated with GH and the appropriate-for-gestational age (AGA) group. In conclusion, subjects born SGA are at high risk of developing chronic diseases, including obesity, hypertension, insulin resistant, and endothelial dysfunction, at an early age, mainly those with good catch-up growth compared with the receiving GH because of negative catch-up growth. Our data is compared with published results. FAU - de Arriba, Antonio
Developmental trajectories of girls' BMI across childhood and adolescence.$$$ This study describes qualitatively distinct trajectories of BMI change among girls participating in a longitudinal study of non-Hispanic, white girls (n = 182) and their parents, assessed at daughters' ages 5, 7, 9, 11, 13, and 15 years. Height, weight, body fat, fasting blood glucose and lipids, blood pressure, waist circumference, and pubertal status were measured, and participants self-reported dietary, physical activity, and television (TV) viewing patterns. Growth mixture models were used to model heterogeneity in girls' BMI trajectories over 10 years. Statistical support was strongest for four distinct BMI trajectories: (i) upward percentile crossing (UPC; n = 25, 14%); (ii) delayed downward percentile crossing (DDPC; n = 37, 20%); (iii) 60th percentile tracking (60PT; n = 52, 29%); and (iv) 50th percentile tracking (50PT; n = 68, 37%). Girls in the UPC group had more metabolic risk factors at age 15 years, even after adjusting for concurrent weight status. Girls in the UPC group had mothers with the highest BMIs at study entry and were breast-fed for a shorter duration. This novel approach for examining differences in growth trajectories revealed four distinct BMI trajectories that predicted adolescent metabolic health outcomes in girls. The present study provides support for BMI monitoring in girls and for the potential utility of combining data on BMI tracking with data on familial characteristics for the early identification of girls at elevated risk for obesity and metabolic syndrome. FAU - Ventura, Alison K
Factors controlling testis descent.$$$ Descent of the testis from an intra-abdominal site in foetal life to an extracorporeal location after birth is a mandatory developmental process to ensure that the mature testis promotes normal spermatogenesis. The two phases of transabdominal and inguinoscrotal descent occur approximately during the first and last thirds of gestation respectively. Key anatomical events to release the testis from its urogenital ridge location and to guide the free gonad into the scrotum are the degeneration of the cranio-suspensory ligament and a thickening of the gubernaculum. Androgens play a role in both these processes, particularly with respect to enabling the testis to traverse the inguinal canal in the final phase of descent. Experiments in animals suggest that androgens mediate this effect via the release of calcitonin gene-related peptide by the genitofemoral nerve, but direct evidence for such a mechanism is lacking in humans. The transabdominal phase of descent is under the control of insulin-like 3 (INSL3), a product of the Leydig cells. Definitive evidence of its role in rodent testis descent is illustrated by the phenotype of bilateral cryptorchidism in Insl3-/- null mice. Circulating levels of INSL3 are higher in boys at puberty, are undetectable in girls and are lower in boys with undescended testes. A minority also have a mutation either in the INSL3 gene or affecting its receptor gene, relaxin/insulin-like family peptide receptor 2 (LGRF8). Other factors that may play a role in testis descent include the anti-Mullerian hormone and members of the HOX gene family. Evidence that the prevalence of undescended testis may be increasing provides a phenotypic readout for the effects of postulated chemicals in the environment interfering in some way with the action of factors that control testis descent. Epidemiological studies point to profound geographical variations in prevalence in countries such as Denmark and Finland. Associations have been found with levels of chemicals labelled as endocrine disruptors being higher in breast milk samples from mothers with cryptorchid boys when compared with controls. The adverse effects of these compounds (e.g. bisphenol A) can be replicated in the offspring of dams exposed during pregnancy. A sensitive marker of an anti-androgen effect of a compound is a reduction in the anogenital distance, an anthropometric measurement that is significantly greater in males compared with females. The observation of an association between the anogenital distance in infant boys and the level of pesticides in the urine of their mothers in late gestation indicates that this has the potential to be a useful surrogate marker of the effects of environmental chemicals on testis descent in human population studies. The rightful place for the testis at birth is in the scrotum in order to provide the temperature differential essential for normal spermatogenesis. Appropriate screening programmes and early surgical intervention are the prerequisites to ensure optimal fertility in adulthood and a considerably lessened risk of testis cancer. FAU - Hughes, Ieuan A
Birth weight and body mass index z-score in childhood brain tumors: A cross-sectional study.$$$ Children with brain tumors (CBT) are at higher risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes compared to the general population, in which birth weight is a risk factor for these diseases. However, this is not known in CBT. The primary aim of this study was to explore the association between birth weight and body mass measures in CBT, compared to non-cancer controls. This is a secondary data analysis using cross-sectional data from the CanDECIDE study (n = 78 CBT and n = 133 non-cancer controls). Age, sex, and birth weight (grams) were self-reported, and confirmed through examination of the medical records. Body mass index (BMI) was calculated from height and weight measures and reported as kg/m(2). BMI z-scores were obtained for subjects under the age of 20 years. Multivariable linear regression was used to evaluate the relationship between birth weight and BMI and BMI z-score, adjusted for age, sex, puberty, and fat mass percentage. Higher birth weight was associated with higher BMI and BMI z-score among CBT and controls. In conclusion, birth weight is a risk factor for higher body mass during childhood in CBT, and this may help the identification of children at risk of future obesity and cardiometabolic risk. FAU - Wang, Kuan-Wen
Reliability of data on medical conditions, menstrual and reproductive history provided by hospital controls.$$$ To assess the reliability of data on medical conditions, and menstrual or reproductive history, a sample of 294 controls interviewed in hospital between 1989 and 1992 for an Italian case-control study on digestive tract neoplasms was re-interviewed at home during 1993. A high agreement between responses at the two interviews (kappa > or = 0.85) was observed for most medical conditions, including diabetes, cholelithiasis, hepatitis, duodenal ulcer, and, among female conditions, uterine fibromas, benign breast disease, hysterectomy and monolateral ovariectomy. For gastric ulcer and parotitis the reliability was less satisfactory (kappa = 0.35 and 0.20, respectively). The agreement was high (kappa > 0.80) also for age at menarche, menopausal status, type and age at menopause, number of children, age at first pregnancy, age at first and last birth, and spontaneous abortions. The agreement was lower for questions on menstrual pattern (kappa = 0.68) and induced abortions (kappa = 0.62). Thus, this study indicates that information on personal medical conditions, and menstrual or reproductive history, provided by hospital controls through an interviewer-administered questionnaire is satisfactory for the purposes of epidemiological inference, and that the interview setting does not substantially influence the recall of this information. FAU - Bosetti, C
Adult height in sixty girls with Turner syndrome treated with growth hormone matched with an untreated group.$$$ The main clinical feature of Turner syndrome (TS) is growth failure, with a mean spontaneous adult height ranging between 136 and 147 cm, according to the specific curves of various populations. Though a classical deficiency of GH has not been generally demonstrated, GH has been administered since 1980 in trials, using replacement doses just initially, with a subsequent trend to increase it. We report the outcome of GH therapy given at the fixed dose of 0.33 mg/kg/week in 60 TS girls observed until adult height; 59 untreated TS girls, matched for auxological, karyotypical characteristics and time of observation, born within the same decade served as controls to evaluate GH efficacy. The calculation of the gain in cm over PAH was performed on specific Italian Turner curves, as well as height evaluation as SD score and growth velocity. The same calculations were made using Lyon references and Tanner standards. The mean CA at the beginning of GH treatment was 10.9 +/- 2.76 yr (range 4.5-15.9). Mean adult height of treated group was 151 +/- 6.1 cm with a gain over the PAH calculated at start of therapy (142.9 +/- 5.3 cm) of 8.2 +/- 3.9 cm. Ns change was observed between the PAH at first observation (143.6 +/- 7.0 cm) and adult height (144.3 +/- 5.6 cm) in the control group. Treatment was well tolerated, no relevant side effects were observed, glucose metabolism resulted no more affected than in untreated subjects, IGF-I levels remained within 2 SD. Our results in 60 TS girls, though the dose remained unchanged throughout the treatment, show a good response, characterized by a striking variability in each patient (mean gain in cm over PAH at adult height of 8.17 +/- 3.9, range 3-21 cm), and significant also in comparison with the control group. As the chronological age at start of therapy ranged between 4.5 to 15.9 yr, the results were further evaluated dividing the patients into two groups, according to the age, < or >11 yr. Thirty girls were <11 yr (mean 8.7 +/- 1.76 yr) and 30 were >11 yr (mean 13.2 +/- 1.4 yr). The gain in cm over the PAH in each group was, respectively, 8.1 +/- 3.4 and 8.2 +/- 4.3 cm without any significant difference between the two groups, showing no negative correlation between the CA at the beginning of GH and the response to treatment. FAU - Pasquino, A M
Body mass index, adipokines and insulin resistance in asthmatic children and adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to describe the body mass index, insulin resistance, levels of adipokines and inflammatory markers in Brazilian asthmatic children and adolescents and to investigate their possible association with the severity and control of asthma. METHODS: Cross-sectional study (n = 92; age: 3-18 years). Assessed data: Body weight and height, used to calculate the body mass index (BMIZ) and height-for-age (HAZ). Laboratory measurements: Lipid profile; glycemia and insulin for homeostasis model assessment (HOMA); adipokines; tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α), C-reactive protein (CRP) and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1); total immunoglobulin E (IgE) and specific IgE against aeroallergens. RESULTS: The median age was 9.6 years (3.0-16.6); most participants were male (n = 52, 56.5%), pre-pubertal (n = 54, 58.6%) and had atopic asthma (n = 85, 92.4%). Overweight/obesity (38%) showed an inverse correlation with age (adjusted odds ratio [OR] = 0.781; 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.66-0.92) and a direct correlation with the leptin concentration (adjusted OR = 1.13; 95% CI 1.04-1.22). Insulin concentration was independently associated with moderated persistent asthma (adjusted OR = 1.31; 95% CI 1.09-1.52). HOMA showed a direct correlation with the leptin (β = 0.475; 95% CI 0.117-0.268) and total IgE (β = 0.197; 95% CI 0.002-0.096) levels and an inverse correlation with the TNF-α levels (β = -0.255; 95% CI;-0.366-0.055). CONCLUSIONS: Asthma was associated with insulin resistance and a systemic inflammatory response possibly mediated by adipokines, with leptin levels standing out among the participants with excess weight. FAU - Morishita, Rosinha
Leptin, vitamin D, and cardiorespiratory fitness as risk factors for insulin resistance in European adolescents: gender differences in the HELENA Study.$$$ The purpose of this study was to identify the relevance of a set of risk factors for insulin resistance in adolescents from Europe and to consider their possible gender-specific associations. The Healthy Lifestyle in Europe by Nutrition in Adolescence Cross-Sectional Study (HELENA-CSS) was conducted in 1053 European adolescents (mean age, 14.9 years) in a school setting in 9 countries. Three anthropometric markers of body fat and a dietary index were calculated. Total energy intake was estimated from a questionnaire. C-reactive protein, leptin, and vitamin D were assessed, and physical activity, cardiorespiratory fitness, and muscular strength were measured. Center, socioeconomic status, pubertal status, and season were used as potential confounders. The main outcome was the homeostasis model assessment used as a marker of insulin resistance. Correlations, analyses of covariance, and logistic regression models were used. In males, leptin was the only risk factor for insulin resistance after adjusting for confounders including markers of body fat (odds ratios (ORs) from 1.49 to 1.60). In females, leptin, vitamin D, and fitness were the remaining independent risk factors for insulin resistance after adjustments (OR 2.11; 95% confidential interval (CI) 1.29-3.45; OR 0.50, 95% CI 0.31-0.80; and OR 0.54, 95% CI 0.33-0.87, respectively). Our observations suggest a gender dimorphism in the identification of risk factors for high insulin resistance. Preventive strategies should focus on improving modifiable factors such as cardiorespiratory fitness and on ensuring vitamin D sufficiency. Randomized controlled trials focusing on these strategies are necessary to test their efficacy. FAU - Jiménez-Pavón, David
Novel treatment of short stature with aromatase inhibitors.$$$ Estrogens have an essential role in the regulation of bone maturation and importantly in the closure of growth plates in both sexes. This prospective, randomized, placebo-controlled study was undertaken to evaluate whether suppression of estrogen synthesis in pubertal boys delays bone maturation and ultimately results in increased adult height. A total of 23 boys with constitutional delay of puberty (CDP) received a conventional, low-dose testosterone treatment for inducing progression of puberty. Eleven of these 23 boys were randomized to receive a specific and potent P450-aromatase inhibitor, letrozole, for suppression of estrogen action, and 12 boys were randomized to receive placebo. Estradiol concentrations in the letrozole-treated boys remained at the pretreatment level during the administration of letrozole, whereas the concentrations increased during the treatment with testosterone alone and during spontaneous progression of puberty. Testosterone concentrations increased in all groups, but during the letrozole treatment, the increase was more than fivefold higher than in the group treated with testosterone alone. The inhibition of estrogen synthesis delayed bone maturation. The slower bone maturation in the boys treated with testosterone and letrozole, despite higher androgen concentrations, than in the boys treated with testosterone indicate that estrogens are more important than androgens in regulation of bone maturation in pubertal boys. During the 18 months follow-up, an increase of 5.1 cm in predicted adult height was observed in the boys who received testosterone and letrozole, but no change was seen in the boys who received testosterone alone or in the untreated boys. This finding indicates that an increase in adult height can be attained in growing adolescent boys by inhibiting of estrogen action. FAU - Dunkel, Leo
High prevalence of cardiometabolic risk factors in Hispanic adolescents: correlations with adipocytokines and markers of inflammation.$$$ This study assessed the association of cardiometabolic risk factors with systemic inflammation, insulin resistance, and adypocytokines in a Hispanic adolescent subgroup. A clinic-based sample of 101 Puerto Rican adolescents, 48 of whom were overweight or obese based on body mass index percentiles for age and sex, was recruited during 2010. Data were collected through interviews, blood pressure and anthropometric measurements, and blood drawing. Overall prevalence of the metabolic syndrome was 16.8 % and increased to 37.5 % among overweight/obese youth. The overweight/obese group exhibited significantly (p < 0.05) higher values for abdominal obesity measures, systolic blood pressure, triglycerides, insulin resistance, C peptide, high-sensitivity C reactive protein, fibrinogen, leptin, and IL-6 and lower levels of high density lipoprotein cholesterol, adiponectin, and IGF-1. Total adiponectin significantly correlated with most cardiovascular risk factors independent of sex, Tanner stage, and adiposity. Altered cardiometabolic and adipocytokine profiles were present in this Hispanic subgroup, reinforcing the need to strengthen strategies addressing childhood obesity. FAU - Pérez, Cynthia M
Double jeopardy: metabolic syndrome leads to increased sedentary behavior in peri-pubertal minority females.$$$ While most studies have focused on investigating the preventive effects of physical activity on metabolic risk, the longitudinal impacts of metabolic syndrome (MetS) on activity levels is poorly understood. This study aims to examine the influence of MetS on initial activity levels and the trajectory of activity levels in Latina and African American female children over 12 months (n = 55, 9 ± 1 years). Metabolic measures, including fat and lean tissue mass by BodPod, fasting glucose, lipids, blood pressure, and waist circumference, were collected at baseline. Moderate-to-vigorous physical activity and sedentary behavior by accelerometry were collected on a quarterly basis. There were no significant differences in either initial activity levels by MetS status (Moderate-to-vigorous physical activity: 33 ± 12 mins/day for MetS, 48 ± 28 mins/day for Non-MetS, p = .12; sedentary behavior: 408 ± 57 mins/day for MetS, 421 ± 72 mins/day for Non-MetS, p = .67). Longitudinal declines in moderate-to-vigorous physical activity (p = .038) and increases in sedentary behavior (p = .003) were found. Daily sedentary behavior increased by 82.64 more minutes in youth with MetS than in those without over one year (p = .015). This study yields the first evidence of the adverse effect of MetS on sedentary behavior. Targeted intervention strategies to reduce progressive sedentariness evident in minority youth with MetS are warranted. FAU - Hsu, Ya-Wen
Contribution of early weight gain to childhood overweight and metabolic health: a longitudinal study (EarlyBird 36).$$$ BACKGROUND: Early weight gain (0-5 years) is thought to be an important contributor to childhood obesity and consequently metabolic risk. There is a scarcity of longitudinal studies in contemporary children reporting the impact of early weight gain on metabolic health. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to assess the impact of early weight gain on metabolic health at 9 years of age. METHOD: Two hundred thirty-three children (134 boys, 99 girls) with a gestational age of >37 weeks were assessed at birth, 5 years of age, and 9 years of age. Measures included weight SD scores at each time point and excess weight gained (Delta weight SD score) between them. The outcome measure included composite metabolic score (sum of internally derived z scores of insulin resistance, mean blood pressure, triglyceride level, and total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio). RESULTS: Weight SD score increased by 0.29 SD score in girls and 0.26 SD score in boys from 0 to 5 years of age and by 0.03 SD score in girls and 0.11 SD score in boys from 5 to 9 years of age. Weight SD score correlated poorly to moderately before 5 years of age but strongly after 5 years of age. Birth weight SD score predicted (girls/boys) 2.4%/0% of the variability in composite metabolic score at 9 years of age. Adding Delta weight SD score (0-5 years old) contributed (girls/boys) 11.2%/7.0% to the score, and adding Delta weight SD score (5-9 years old) additionally contributed (girls/boys) 26.4%/16.5%. Importantly, once weight SD score at 9 years of age was known, predictive strength was changed little by adding Delta weight SD score. CONCLUSIONS: Most excess weight before puberty is gained before 5 years of age. Weight at 5 years of age bears little relation to birth weight but closely predicts weight at 9 years of age. Single measures of current weight are predictive of metabolic health, whereas weight gain within a specific period adds little. A single measure of weight at 5 years of age provides a pointer to future health for the individual. If metabolic status at 9 years of age means future risk, diabetes/cardiovascular prevention strategies might better focus on preschool-aged children, because the die seems to be largely cast by 5 years of age, and a healthy weight early in childhood may be maintained at least into puberty. FAU - Gardner, Daphne S L
Information processing, attention and visual-motor function of adolescents born after in vitro fertilization compared with spontaneous conception.$$$ BACKGROUND: Adverse conditions during prenatal life are associated with changes in physical and mental functioning in later life, as shown in children born preterm or small for gestational age. While recently in IVF children cardiometabolic differences have been demonstrated, there might also be risks for disturbance in cognitive functions. Therefore, this study examined information processing, attention and visual-motor function in pubertal IVF children compared with spontaneously conceived controls from subfertile parents. Results of these cognitive functions were then related to cardiometabolic measures to explore whether both can be explained by changes in fetal programming due to IVF. METHODS: A total of 139 IVF and 143 control adolescents underwent various neuropsychological tests to measure information processing, attention and visual-motor function. The results were then related to data on blood pressure and glucose levels previously obtained from the same groups. RESULTS: No differences between IVF and control adolescents were found in the various test results for information processing and attention. A slight difference was found between the groups for motor speed, but these scores were within the normal range for the test. No direct relation was found between cognitive measures and cardiometabolic outcome. CONCLUSIONS: Comparison of IVF adolescents and controls revealed no disturbances in information processing, attention and visual-motor function. In addition, these cognitive functions were not directly related to cardiometabolic outcome. Therefore, these results do not support the hypothesis that cognition is influenced by IVF conception or an altered programming of metabolic systems due to IVF, and indicate that cognitive abilities in IVF children, as measured by the tasks assessed, appear to develop normally. FAU - Wagenaar, K
Prediabetes diagnosis and treatment: A review.$$$ Prediabetes is an intermediate state of hyperglycemia with glycemic parameters above normal but below the diabetes threshold. While, the diagnostic criteria of prediabetes are not uniform across various international professional organizations, it remains a state of high risk for developing diabetes with yearly conversion rate of 5%-10%. Observational evidence suggests as association between prediabetes and complications of diabetes such early nephropathy, small fiber neuropathy, early retinopathy and risk of macrovascular disease. Several studies have shown efficacy of lifestyle interventions with regards to diabetes prevention with a relative risk reduction of 40%-70% in adults with prediabetes. While there is increasing evidence to prove the efficacy of pharmacotherapy in prevention of diabetes in adults with prediabetes, pharmaceutical treatment options other than metformin are associated with adverse effects that limit their use for prediabetes. There are no reports of systematic evaluation of health outcomes related to prediabetes in children. The effects of pharmacotherapy of prediabetes on growth and pubertal development in children remains unknown. Secondary intervention with pharmacotherapy with metformin is advocated for high-risk individuals but criteria for such consideration benefit of early intervention, long term cost effectiveness of such interventions and the end point of therapy remain unclear. Pharmacotherapy must be used with caution in children with prediabetes. Prediabetes is a condition defined as having blood glucose levels above normal but below the defined threshold of diabetes. It is considered to be an at risk state, with high chances of developing diabetes. While, prediabetes is commonly an asymptomatic condition, there is always presence of prediabetes before the onset of diabetes. The elevation of blood sugar is a continuum and hence prediabetes can not be considered an entirely benign condition. This aim of this review is to describe the challenges associated with diagnosis of prediabetes, the possible adverse medical outcomes associated with prediabetes and the treatment options and rationale for their use in context of prediabetes. FAU - Bansal, Nidhi
Pituitary function in children following infectious diseases of the central nervous system.$$$ Recent studies in adults suggest that pituitary deficiencies develop in a considerable proportion of patients who recover from infectious meningitis. The aim of this study was to evaluate pituitary function of children with a history of meningitis. Seventy-nine children were admitted to the Safra Children's Hospital due to meningitis between 2007 and 2010. Twenty-four families were lost for follow-up, 55 were interviewed by phone and 14 (9 males) participated in the study. Evaluation included medical history, physical examination, auxological measurements and basal levels of TSH, fT4, cortisol and IGF1. Children with abnormal results were followed for a year and dynamic testing was performed when indicated. Mean age at time of infectious meningitis was 3.8 ± 5.4 years (range 0.03-15.8), and at clinical evaluation 6.4 ± 6.4 (range 1.2-20). The interval between the acute event and evaluation was 2.7 ± 1.2 years. Thyroid function tests and basal cortisol levels were normal for all children. Three children had low IGF1 levels; however over a year of follow-up two of them had normal height and growth velocity, making growth hormone deficiency unlikely. One child had low height SDS, but exhibited a normal response to a growth hormone stimulation test. Pituitary dysfunction with overt clinical symptoms is not a frequent consequence of acute meningitis in children. Follow-up of growth and puberty of children post-meningitis by the primary care physician is probably sufficient. Invasive assessments should be reserved for selected cases where there is slow growth or other clinical suspicion of hypopituitarism. FAU - Levy-Shraga, Yael
Long-term results of growth hormone therapy in children with short stature, subnormal growth rate and normal growth hormone response to secretagogues. Dutch Growth Hormone Working Group.$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Growth hormone treatment in children with idiopathic short stature (ISS) leads to growth acceleration in the first years, but the effect on final height is still poorly documented. We therefore studied the long-term effect of GH therapy in children with idiopathic short stature. DESIGN: We have treated 27 prepubertal children with ISS with recombinant human GH (rhGH) in an initial dosage of 2 IU/m2 body surface/day subcutaneously, which was doubled either after the first year if the height velocity increment was less than 2 cm/year, or thereafter if height velocity fell below the P50 for bone age. Growth and bone maturation of the treatment group (ISS group, n = 21) were compared to those of an untreated control group with ISS (ISS controls, n = 27) and of a group of rhGH treated children with isolated GH deficiency (GHD group, n = 7). RESULTS: In 9 patients of the ISS group still on treatment, height standard deviation score (HSDS) for chronological age increased from -3.8 +/- 0.7 to -2.3 +/- 0.9 (mean +/- standard deviation) over 6 years, while in matched ISS controls HSDS for age did not change. HSDS for age in the GHD group increased from -3.9 +/- 0.6 to -1.8 +/- 0.7 after 4 years, significantly more than the ISS group. Bone maturation was accelerated in the ISS and GHD groups. HSDS for bone age and predicted adult height did not change in either group. Final height in 12 children of the ISS group was -2.6 +/- 1.0 SDS. In the untreated controls final height was similar. A low integrated GH concentration over 24 hours, a low GH peak to provocative stimuli, and minimal initial BA delay predicted a favourable outcome. CONCLUSION: rhGH treatment in this group of children with idiopathic short stature did not increase average final height. Part of the heterogeneity of the response can be attributed to the variation in endogenous GH secretion and initial bone age delay. FAU - Wit, J M
TriGlycerides and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio compared with homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance indexes in screening for metabolic syndrome in the chinese obese children: a cross section study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Metabolic Syndrome (MS) is prevalant in China, especially according to the pediatric obesity group. Based on the MS-CHN2012 definition for Chinese children and adolescents the need to explore and establish a convienent MS screening become imminent. This study aims to investigate the optimal cut-off values, compare the accuracy for the (TriGlycerides (TG) to High-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol (HDL-C)) (TG/HDL-C) ratio and Homeostasis Model Assessment Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR) indexs to identify Metabolic Syndrome in obese pediatric population in China. METHOD: A total sample of 976 children (female 286 male 690, BMI > = 95 percentile) aged from 6-16 years underwent a medical assessment including a physical examination and investigations of total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein, low-density lipoprotein, triglycerides, insulin, glucose, and oral glucose tolerance test to identify the components of Metabolic Syndrome. The validity and accuracy between TG/HDL-C ratio and HOMA-IR were compared by Receiver Operating Characteristics analysis (ROC). RESULT: TG/HDL-C ratio achieved a larger ROC Area under Curve (AUC = 0.843) than HOMA-IR indexes (0.640, 0.625 for HOMA1-IR, HOMA2-IR respectively) to screen for Metabolic Syndrome. The cut-off values for MS were: TG/HDL-C ratio > 1.25 (sensitivity: 80%; specificity: 75%), HOMA1-IR > 4.59 (sensitivity: 58.7%; specificity: 65.5%) and HOMA2-IR > 2.76 (sensitivity: 53.2%; specificity: 69.5%). The results kept robust after stratified by gender, age group and pubertal stage. DISCUSSION: TG/HDL-C ratio was a better indicator than the HOMA-IR to screen for a positive diagnosis for MS. Furthermore, the TG/HDL-C ratio was superior to the HOMA-IR indexes even after the control of possible confusions from the gender, age group and puberty stage. CONCLUSION: TG/HDL-C ratio proved a better index than HOMA-IR in screening for MS in obese children and adolescents. TG/HDL-C ratio has a discriminatory power in detecting potential MS in the Chinese obese pediatric population. FAU - Liang, Jianfeng
Anthropometric and hormonal risk factors for male breast cancer: male breast cancer pooling project results.$$$ BACKGROUND: The etiology of male breast cancer is poorly understood, partly because of its relative rarity. Although genetic factors are involved, less is known regarding the role of anthropometric and hormonally related risk factors. METHODS: In the Male Breast Cancer Pooling Project, a consortium of 11 case-control and 10 cohort investigations involving 2405 case patients (n = 1190 from case-control and n = 1215 from cohort studies) and 52013 control subjects, individual participant data were harmonized and pooled. Unconditional logistic regression generated study design-specific (case-control/cohort) odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs), with exposure estimates combined using fixed effects meta-analysis. All statistical tests were two-sided. RESULTS: Risk was statistically significantly associated with weight (highest/lowest tertile: OR = 1.36; 95% CI = 1.18 to 1.57), height (OR = 1.18; 95% CI = 1.01 to 1.38), and body mass index (BMI; OR = 1.30; 95% CI = 1.12 to 1.51), with evidence that recent rather than distant BMI was the strongest predictor. Klinefelter syndrome (OR = 24.7; 95% CI = 8.94 to 68.4) and gynecomastia (OR = 9.78; 95% CI = 7.52 to 12.7) were also statistically significantly associated with risk, relations that were independent of BMI. Diabetes also emerged as an independent risk factor (OR = 1.19; 95% CI = 1.04 to 1.37). There were also suggestive relations with cryptorchidism (OR = 2.18; 95% CI = 0.96 to 4.94) and orchitis (OR = 1.43; 95% CI = 1.02 to 1.99). Although age at onset of puberty and histories of infertility were unrelated to risk, never having had children was statistically significantly related (OR = 1.29; 95% CI = 1.01 to 1.66). Among individuals diagnosed at older ages, a history of fractures was statistically significantly related (OR = 1.41; 95% CI = 1.07 to 1.86). CONCLUSIONS: Consistent findings across case-control and cohort investigations, complemented by pooled analyses, indicated important roles for anthropometric and hormonal risk factors in the etiology of male breast cancer. Further investigation should focus on potential roles of endogenous hormones. FAU - Brinton, Louise A
Insulin resistance and lung function in obese asthmatic pre-pubertal children.$$$ BACKGROUND: Recent findings have supposed that the underlying association between the increased prevalence of both asthma and obesity may be insulin resistance (IR). METHODS: Insulin and glucose serum levels were analyzed to calculate the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) for IR in 98 pre-pubertal children. Lung function and allergy status evaluation were performed. The study population was divided into four groups: (1) obese asthmatic children (ObA); (2) normal-weight asthmatic children (NwA); (3) normal-weight non-asthmatic children (Nw) and (4) obese non-asthmatic children (Ob). RESULTS: Forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) was slightly lower in obese subjects compared with normal-weight subjects and forced vital capacity (FVC) appeared lower in asthmatics, whereas between non-asthmatics subjects, it was lower in the obese group than in the normal-weight one. The post hoc analysis revealed a statistically significant reduction in FEV1, peak expiratory flow (PEF), forced expiratory flows (FEF) between 50% and 25% of the FVC (FEF50 and FEF25) between ObA and Nw and in FEV1, FVC, PEF, FEF50 and FEF25 between NwA and Nw, but no statistically significant differences of lung function parameters were observed between ObA and NwA. We found an inverse relationship between HOMA-IR and all spirometric parameters, although without any statistical significance. We also observed a significantly lower FVC in insulin-resistant children (HOMA-IR>95th percentile) (p=0.03). CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that lung function could be early altered in obese children, already in pre-pubertal age. Although IR should not manifest its effects on lungs in pre-pubertal obese children, the prevention or treatment of obesity in the pre-pubertal period may prevent definitive negative effects on lungs. FAU - Di Filippo, Paola
High Frequency of Normal Response during GH Stimulation Tests in Patients with Ectopic Posterior Pituitary Gland: A Source of False-Negative Diagnosis of Pituitary Insufficiency.$$$ AIMS: To report false-negative normal growth hormone (GH) peak response in patients with ectopic posterior pituitary gland (EPP) identified with a simplified magnetic resonance imaging (FAST1-MRI). METHODS: We analyzed 75 EPP patients with short stature and reduced growth velocity. Sagittal-T1 imaging (thickness: 2 mm and gap: 0.2 mm) without gadolinium administration was used. A GH peak of ≥5 ng/ml after clonidine or insulin stimulation was considered normal. RESULTS: Normal GH response was observed in 15 of 75 (20%) patients [mean (SDS) peak = 8.2 (4.1) ng/ml]. Age at diagnosis [6.5 (3.0) years vs. 7.8 (4.1) years], gender (10 males/5 females vs. 44 males/16 females), pubertal stage (14 prepubertal/1 pubertal vs. 51 prepubertal/7 pubertal), and target height [-0.4 (0.6) vs. -0.4 (0.9)] were recorded. The perinatal history did not differ between responsive and nonresponsive patients. There was a trend to more frequent multiple hormone deficiency in nonresponsive when compared with responsive patients [3/15 (20%) and 31/60 (51.7%), respectively (p = 0.055)]. Height at diagnosis was lower in nonresponsive patients (p = 0.042). No significant difference in the IGF1 levels (p = 0.598) was observed between the groups. CONCLUSION: Normal GH values after stimulation tests do not exclude EPP-associated GH deficiency. A simplified fast acquisition sagittal-T1 MRI protocol investigation included at the initial diagnostic approach is able to prevent misdiagnosis of GH deficiency in patients with short stature.
Sexual dimorphism in adipose tissue function as evidenced by circulating adipokine concentrations in the fasting state and after an oral glucose challenge.$$$ STUDY QUESTION: Do the circulating levels of a panel of adipokines involved in glucose metabolism exhibit sexual dimorphism in the fasting state and after an oral glucose load? SUMMARY ANSWER: Our results indicate sexual dimorphism in the circulating concentrations of adipokines involved in intermediate metabolism in the fasting state and during an oral glucose load. This finding suggests an influence of sex steroids on adipose tissue function. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Sexual dimorphism in adipose tissue distribution fully develops after puberty and modulates the risk for cardiometabolic disorders. However, the possibility that adipose tissue function exhibits sexual dimorphism as well as its distribution is unproved. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: Cross-sectional case-control study including 32 subjects. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Sixteen subjects with weight excess (8 men and 8 women, including 4 overweight and 4 obese subjects in each group) and 16 normal weight healthy volunteers (8 men and 8 women) presenting with similar age were submitted to a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (oGTT). We measured circulating concentrations of insulin, glucose, chemerin, lipocalin-2, omentin-1, leptin and adiponectin and calculated their areas under the oGTT curve (AUC). MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Leptin and adiponectin concentrations were higher throughout the oGTT in women compared with men. Lipocalin-2 concentrations decreased during the oGTT in the whole group of study subjects. However, these levels remained higher in men with weight excess compared with normal weight men, whereas in women with weight excess lipocalin-2 levels at the end of the oGTT were lower compared with normal weight women. Sex was among the main determinants of the AUC of omentin-1 and leptin in linear regression models, and lower estradiol and testosterone concentrations were related to higher AUC of chemerin and omentin-1, respectively. Subjects with weight excess had higher AUC of chemerin and leptin and lower AUC of omentin-1 and adiponectin levels, independently of sex. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: We included a relatively small sample size and, because this was a cross-sectional study, we cannot infer causality to the associations between the changes in circulating adipokine concentrations and the variables studied here. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Sexual dimorphism in adipose tissue function should be considered when studying adiposity and obesity, and also when designing strategies for their diagnosis and management. FAU - Luque-Ramírez, Manuel
Delayed growth and puberty in patients with Gaucher disease type 1: natural history and effect of splenectomy and/or enzyme replacement therapy.$$$ BACKGROUND: Growth retardation in childhood was only recently recognized as a prominent feature of Gaucher disease type 1, but there are few data on both the pubertal development and the final outcome of growth and sexual maturation. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the natural pattern of growth and puberty in patients with Gaucher disease type 1 and the effect of splenectomy and enzyme replacement therapy. METHODS: We retrospectively analyzed growth and puberty in 57 patients with Gaucher disease type 1; 52 were followed since childhood and/or prepuberty and 42 have reached sexual maturity and final height. In the analysis we considered severity of disease, time of splenectomy, and start of enzyme replacement therapy. RESULTS: Deceleration of growth at age 3-5 years was observed in 30 of 57 patients followed since early childhood while untreated: height-SDS decreased from -0.34 +/- 0.42 at age 0-3 years to -1.93 +/- 0.95 (P < 0.01) at age 7-10 years and was more pronounced with severe disease. A high prevalence (59.6%) of delayed puberty, which was more frequent with severe disease, was observed in 47 patients followed before and throughout puberty. No primary endocrine pathology was found. All patients, untreated as well as treated, with growth and pubertal delay had a spontaneous catch-up, achieved full sexual maturation, and most (83.3%) reached a final height within the range of parental height-standard deviation score. Splenectomy (partial and/or total) performed in 20 patients while still growing had a beneficial effect on growth, which was temporary in some and did not affect puberty. ERT improved growth in 11 patients who started therapy before puberty, as evidenced by a progressive increase in the height-SDS, and seemed to normalize the onset of puberty. CONCLUSIONS: Growth retardation in childhood and delay of puberty are characteristic of Gaucher disease type 1 and are more frequent with severe disease. There is a spontaneous catch-up later in life and most patients reach a final height within their genetic growth potential. Enzyme replacement therapy apparently normalizes growth and possibly also the onset of puberty. FAU - Kauli, R
Anovulation in eumenorrheic, nonobese adolescent girls born small for gestational age: insulin sensitization induces ovulation, increases lean body mass, and reduces abdominal fat excess, dyslipidemia, and subclinical hyperandrogenism.$$$ Adolescent girls born small for gestational age (SGA) are at risk for anovulation, hyperinsulinism, subclinical hyperandrogenism, dyslipidemia, and central adiposity. Hyperinsulinemic insulin resistance has been proposed as a key pathogenetic factor underpinning these associations. We have tested this hypothesis in an intervention study by assessing the effects of insulin sensitization (metformin treatment, 850 mg/d for 3 months) in eumenorrheic, nonobese, anovulatory SGA adolescents [n = 13; mean birth weight, 2.3 kg; age, 15 yr; body mass index (BMI), 20.5 kg/m(2); >or=3 yr post-menarche] who were in a steady state (over approximately 6 months) for BMI, hyperinsulinism, subclinical hyperandrogenism, and dyslipidemia, and who presented a deficit of lean body mass and an excess of (truncal and abdominal) fat mass. Metformin treatment was accompanied by a drop in fasting insulin and serum androgens and by a less atherogenic lipid profile (all P <or= 0.01). After 3 months on metformin, all identified aberrations in body composition were attenuated, the most marked changes (P < 0.0001) being a reduction of the excess in abdominal fat and of the deficit in lean body mass; BMI remained unaltered. Finally, 6 of 13 girls became ovulatory after about 6 wk on metformin, and 9 of 13 (69%) ovulated within 11 wk on metformin. In conclusion, these observations corroborate the notion that anovulation, an excess of abdominal fat mass, and a deficit of lean mass in nonobese SGA adolescents are essentially underpinned by hyperinsulinemic insulin resistance, and that sensitization to insulin is an effective approach to correct these abnormalities and, conceivably, to prevent them. FAU - Ibáñez, Lourdes
Sleep Timing in Patients with Precocious and Delayed Pubertal Development.$$$ Previous studies have reported a shift in the timing of sleep during adolescence toward a later time. To date, it is unclear whether hormonal changes during puberty might contribute to this change in sleeping behavior. We systematically assessed pubertal development and sleep timing in a cross-sectional case-control study in girls with precocious (n = 42) and boys with delayed pubertal development (n = 19). We used the Munich ChronoType Questionnaire and the Children's ChronoType Questionnaire to assess sleep timing in patients and age- and sex-matched controls (n = 309) and used the midpoint of sleep on free days, corrected for potential sleep debt accumulated during the school week, as a marker for sleep timing. Compared to the controls, girls with central precocious puberty showed a delay in sleep timing of 54 min, and girls with premature pubarche slept on average 30 min later. Male adolescents with delayed pubertal development showed an average sleep midpoint that was 40 min earlier compared to the control group. The results of this pilot study suggest an association between pubertal onset and shifts in sleep timing, which is a novel finding in human sleep behavior. Prospective studies in larger cohorts will be needed to examine the robustness and generalizability of the findings.
Restoration of Height after 11 Years of Letrozole Treatment in 11β-Hydroxylase Deficiency.$$$ 11β-hydroxylase deficiency (11β-OHD) is the second most common form of congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH). Males with 11β-OHD CAH are often diagnosed late with a significantly advanced bone age leading to a poor height prognosis due to early closure of epiphysis. Delaying epiphyseal fusion by treatment of aromatase inhibitors (AIs) might be a useful strategy in patients with very advanced bone ages. However, there are limited data regarding the effect on final height and long-term safety of this approach. We report our experience with 11 years of letrozole treatment and 17 years of follow-up in a boy with 11β-OHD. He presented at 2 years and 11 months of age with a bone age of 13 years (predicted adult height, PAH, 129.5 cm). Letrozole was added after 1 year of glucocorticoid treatment due to no improvement in height prognosis (130 cm), and continued until the age of 14 years and 11 months. He also received GnRH analog treatment at 10 years and 3 months of age for 2.5 years due to central activation of puberty. He reached a final height of 165.2 cm (35.2 cm above his PAH). This long-term treatment with letrozole was associated with changes in vertebral morphology such as vertebral body end-plate changes, Schmorl nodes, and mild protrusions in the intervertebral discs. Testicular volumes, gonadotropins, testosterone, and anti-Müllerian hormone were normal at age 20 years. A spermiogram showed a normal count but impaired sperm motility and morphology. This unique case represents the longest duration of AI treatment reported in CAH and the first case in which letrozole was started before puberty with the final height reported. We conclude that AIs may restore height in selected patients with CAH with very advanced bone age and severely compromised height prognosis.
Waist-to-height ratio, inflammation and CVD risk in obese children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the association between waist-to-height ratio (WHtR) and specific biomarkers of inflammation, CVD risk and endothelial dysfunction in prepubertal obese children. DESIGN: Prospective, multicentre case-control study matched by age and sex. SETTING: Children were recruited between May 2007 and May 2010 from primary-care centres and schools in three cities in Spain (Cordoba, Santiago de Compostela and Zaragoza). SUBJECTS: Four hundred and forty-six (223 normal weight and 223 obese) Caucasian prepubertal children aged 6-12 years. RESULTS: WHtR was higher in the obese than in the normal-weight children. Blood pressure, waist circumference, weight, height, insulin, plasma lipids, leptin, resistin, abnormal neutrophil and monocyte counts, C-reactive protein, IL-6, IL-8, TNF-α, myeloperoxidase, soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1, selectin and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 levels were higher in the obese than in the normal-weight group. Adiponectin and HDL-cholesterol were lower and glucose and metalloproteinase-9 showed no differences. Resistin, TNF-α and active plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 were associated with WHtR, a sensitive indicator of central obesity. CONCLUSIONS: Our results lead to the hypothesis that changes in biomarker levels of insulin resistance, inflammation and CVD risk before puberty might induce metabolic consequences of obesity in obese children before reaching adulthood. FAU - Olza, Josune
Hormone replacement therapy in children with growth hormone deficiency: impact on immune profile.$$$ Growth hormone (GH) may influence the immune system. The aim of this study was to assess the immune profile after treatment with GH in pre-pubertal children with a deficiency of this hormone. The study was carried out in two phases. Two groups were included in the first phase: group A) children treated with GH; group B) untreated children, prior to starting treatment. In the second phase, group B children were assessed 6 months after starting treatment. In the first phase, groups A and B were compared (case-control study). In the second phase, group B was compared in terms of baseline and final times (before and after study). We analysed: humoral immunity (immunoglobulin (Ig)A, IgG, IgM, C1 inhibitor, C3, and C4) and cell-mediated immunity (CD3+, CD4+, CD8+, CD4+/CD8+, CD19+ lymphocytes, and natural killer (NK) cells). Insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) and insulin-like growth factor-binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3) were also determined. In the first phase, CD3+, CD4+, CD19+, and NK cells and CD4+/CD8+ were greater in the treated group. CD8+ was lower in this group. No variations were seen in immunoglobulins and the complement between both groups. There were no changes to the complement in either of the two phases. In the second phase, untreated patients were assessed after 6 months of treatment. When comparing the baseline and final immune profiles, a statistically significant decrease in IgG and IgM was observed, and an increase of IGF-1 levels and monocytes. In conclusion, our study shows changes in the cellular and humoral immune profiles in children with GH deficiency who were treated. FAU - Caballero-Villarraso, Javier
The effects of aging on testicular volume and glucose metabolism: an investigation with ultrasonography and FDG-PET.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To investigate the effects of senescence on testicular volume and metabolism by quantitative analysis of volumetric and functional data provided by genital ultrasonography (US) and 2-deoxy-2-[(18)F]fluoro-D-glucose(-)positron emission tomography (FDG-PET), respectively. METHODS: Three hundred twenty (PET 173, US 147) male subjects (average age, 47.9 ± 24.1 years; range, 11-90 years) who previously underwent US or FDG-PET imaging were included in this retrospective study. Testicular volumes and FDG maximum standardized uptake values (SUV(max)) were correlated with age using polynomial regression and Pearson linear regression analysis. RESULTS: With cross-sectional analysis, the best-fit curves demonstrated statistically significant overall correlations between changes in both the volume and metabolism (SUV(max)) of the testicle and increasing age (volume: R(2) = 0.42, p = 0.0002; SUV(max): R(2) = 0.26, p < 0.0001). Testicular volume rapidly increases during puberty and peaks at age 30 years. Subsequently, the volume of the testes stabilizes in a plateau-like manner until age 60 years. After age 60 years, this study shows that testicular volume decreases significantly. Testicular glucose metabolism increases until age 40 years, after which it declines gradually over time at a constant rate. CONCLUSION: Testicular volume and metabolism appear to be significantly affected by advancing age at different rates during the different stages of lifespan. The rapid increase in testicular volume and metabolism parallel the onset and progression of puberty and positively correlate with increasing age up to ages 30-40 years. Between ages 40 and 60 years, testicular volume and metabolism remain relatively constant with only a minimal decline. After age of 60 years, the testicular volume significantly declines, while testicular metabolism progressively declines until age 90 years. FAU - Yang, Hua
Auxological and endocrine evolution of 28 children with Prader-Willi syndrome: effect of GH therapy in 14 children.$$$ We report on the auxological and endocrine evolution of 28 patients presenting with Prader-Willi syndrome. Half of them received growth hormone (GH) therapy (group 2). The spontaneous auxological evolution was analyzed in the two groups from 2 to 8 years; the mean SDS for height remained stable (-0.6 +/- 0.6) in group 1 and decreased (from -2.0 +/- 0.9 to -2.7 +/- 0.6) in group 2. Magnetic resonance imaging showed marked pituitary hypoplasia in the two groups. In group 2, the mean GH peak after two provocative tests was 3.8 +/- 2.4 microg/l, the mean SDS values for insulin-like growth factor I levels were -2.0 +/- 1.5 (range from -0.5 to -5.0). The mean duration of GH treatment was 3.6 +/- 2.9 (range 1-9.3) years. 14 children completed 1 year of treatment. The two groups had opposite evolutions in Delta SDS for height (-0.8 +/- 0.8 vs. +1.1 +/- 0.8), for growth velocity (-1.9 +/- 2.2 vs. +2.9 +/- 2.7), and for Z score of the body mass index (+0.37 +/- 1.3 vs. -0.14 +/- 0.76; group 1 vs. group 2). This retrospective study shows that, in children with Prader-Willi syndrome and true GH deficiency, long-term GH therapy is effective in increasing growth velocity and in maintaining body mass index.
Cardiovascular risk factors in children exposed to maternal diabetes in utero.$$$ AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Recent studies have provided evidence that intrauterine exposure to maternal diabetes has lifelong effects on adult offspring, including increased risks of obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to assess the relationship between exposure to maternal diabetes in utero and cardiovascular risk factors in healthy children and to investigate whether these associations are independent of maternal prepregnancy BMI and offspring attained BMI. METHODS: Data were from a retrospective cohort of children aged 6-13 years born during 1994-2002. Multiple linear regression was used to examine the associations between exposure and cardiovascular risk factors with adjustment for demographic factors and pubertal stage and additionally for maternal prepregnancy BMI and offspring attained BMI. RESULTS: Ninety-nine offspring of diabetic pregnancies had significantly increased E-selectin, vascular adhesion molecule 1 (VCAM1), leptin, waist circumference, BMI and systolic blood pressure and decreased adiponectin levels compared with 422 offspring of non-diabetic pregnancies after adjustment for age, sex and race/ethnicity (p < 0.05 for each risk factor). Additional adjustment for maternal prepregnancy BMI substantially attenuated group differences in the risk factors except for E-selectin, VCAM1 and waist circumference, which remained significantly higher in exposed children. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Compared with unexposed children, healthy offspring exposed to maternal diabetes in utero have a worse cardiovascular risk profile. In particular, offspring have substantially increased levels of circulating cellular adhesion molecules, which are biomarkers of adverse endothelium perturbation and may be related to the earliest preclinical stages of atherosclerosis and diabetes. FAU - West, N A
Sex-specific developmental changes in muscle size and bone geometry at the femoral shaft.$$$ INTRODUCTION: When expressed as a percentage of the average result in young adults, bone mineral content lags behind bone length before puberty. Even though this observation has led to speculation about bone fragility in children, such relationships could simply be due to scaling effects when measures with different geometrical dimensions are compared. METHODS: The study population comprised 145 healthy subjects (6-25 years, 94 females). Magnetic resonance imaging and dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry were used to determine femur length, bone mineral content, cortical bone mineral density, cross-sectional bone geometry (bone diameter; cortical thickness; total, cortical and medullary areas; cross-sectional and polar moments of area; bone strength index) and muscle area at the proximal one-third site of the femur. Results were dimensionally scaled by raising two-, three- and four-dimensional variables to the power of 1/2, 1/3 and 1/4, respectively. Sex-differences were also assessed before and after functionally adjusting variables for femur length and weight or muscle size. RESULTS: In prepubertal children, unscaled results expressed as percentages of adult values were lowest for variables with the highest dimensions (e.g., moments of area<bone mineral content<cross-sectional areas<femur length). However, when dimensionally scaled, results in children represented similar percentages of the respective average adult values, even after functional adjustments. Before puberty, there was no sex-difference in adjusted bone or muscle variables. After puberty, males had greater total and cortical bone area, bone diameter, moments of area, bone strength index and muscle area than women, both in absolute terms as well as adjusted for femur length and weight. The largest sex-difference was found for muscle area. When compared relative to muscle size, young adult women attained greater total and cortical bone area than men. CONCLUSIONS: Growth in femoral length, diameter, mass and strength appears well coordinated before puberty. Postpubertal females have narrower femora, less bone strength and muscle size than males. However, when muscle size is taken into account, females have a larger femoral bone cross-section and more cortical bone. These sex-differences likely result from a combination of mechanical and hormonal effects occurring during puberty. FAU - Högler, W
Association between vitamin D and Apo B concentrations in Argentinean Indian children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to determine the prevalence of vitamin D insufficiency and its association with non-traditional cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors such as Apo B in South American Indian school children. METHODS: A cross-sectional study of 355 children (166 Males) aged 9.6±2.3 y was performed. Anthropometric measures, glucose, lipids, insulin, Apo B, Apo A, and vitamin D concentrations were measured. RESULTS: The prevalence of overweight and obesity was 10.7% (38) per CDC. One child (0.3%) had optimal vitamin D concentrations [25(OH)D[>30 ng/ml. Univariate analysis showed significant associations between vitamin D and HDL-C (r=0.12 p<0.05), age (r=-0.11 p<0.05) BMI (r=-0.22 p<0.05), LDL-C (r=-0.22 p<0.01), triglycerides (r=-0.16 p<0.01), non HDL-C (r=-0.21 p<0.01), Apo B (r=-0.23 p<0.01), Apo B/Apo A (r=-0.21 p<0.01), insulin (r=-0.17 p<0.05), and HOMA-IR (r=-0.16 p<0.05). Multiple linear regression analysis showed that female gender and Apo B were significantly associated with vitamin D adjusted for confounding factors (R(2) 0.12). CONCLUSION: Vitamin D deficiency was associated with increased Apo B among Indian children, suggesting that it could be used as a risk marker of CVD.
Influence of hormonal parameters, bone mineral density and bone turnover on fracture risk in healthy male adolescents: a case control study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to assess possible associations between potential risk factors for fractures and their occurrence in otherwise healthy Greek male adolescents. SUBJECTS: A total of 63 male adolescents participated in the study, 21 males with a history of at least one fracture and 42 healthy male controls. METHODS: Each participant was assessed for physical and pubertal status, hormonal profile, bone mineral density, bone turnover indices, and dietary habits. RESULTS: The lower bone mineral density-z scores and increasing testosterone and serum collagen type 1 cross-linked C-telopeptide levels were related to fracture risk, whereas increased insulin-like growth factor-1, soluble receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B (factor-κB) ligand, and soluble receptor activator of nuclear factors-κB ligand/osteoprotegerin levels were protective for fractures. CONCLUSIONS: The findings indicate a potential 'added value' of hormonal parameters and bone markers to bone mineral density for evaluating fracture risk in healthy male adolescents. FAU - Papaefthymiou, Maria A
Calcium intake and its relationship with adiposity and insulin resistance in post-pubertal adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: Dietary calcium intake has been described as being a negative contributor to adiposity. In adolescents, this relationship is not well established. The objectives of the present study were to compare the calcium intake of normal-weight and obese adolescents and to evaluate its relationship with adiposity and insulin resistance. METHODS: A cross-sectional analysis of 96 post-pubertal adolescents; 47 normal weight and 49 obese, mean age 16.6 (SD +/- 1.3) years. Body composition was assessed by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Dietary intake was evaluated using a 3-day dietary record. The biochemical evaluation comprised the measurements of serum lipids, lipoproteins, glucose and insulin. Insulin resistance was calculated using the Homeostasis Model Assessment of Insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). RESULTS: The mean calcium intake, adjusted for energy, was lower in obese adolescents, 585.2 (+/-249.9) mg, than in normal weight adolescents, 692.1 (+/-199.5) mg. Only 4% of adolescents had an adequate intake of calcium. Calcium intake was inversely associated with body trunk fat, insulin and HOMA-IR in the obese group. The quartile analysis of calcium intake provided evidence that girls in the highest quartile had decreased adiposity and insulin resistance. CONCLUSIONS: This study showed a negative relationship between calcium intake and body fat and insulin resistance, mainly in obese girls, and demonstrates the importance of an increased dietary calcium intake. FAU - dos Santos, L C
Influence of body mass index on the growth hormone response to provocative testing in short children without growth hormone deficiency.$$$ Obesity and its related factors are known to suppress the secretion of growth hormone (GH). We aimed to evaluate the influence of body mass index (BMI) on the peak GH response to provocative testing in short children without GH deficiency. We conducted a retrospective review of medical records of 88 children (2-15 yr old) whose height was less than 3 percentile for one's age and sex, with normal results (peak GH level > 10 ng/mL) of GH provocative testing with clonidine and dopamine. Peak stimulated GH level, height, weight, pubertal status and serum IGF-1 level were measured. Univariate analysis showed that the BMI standard deviation score (SDS) correlated negatively with the natural log (ln) of the peak stimulated GH level (ln peak GH). BMI SDS did not correlate significantly with sex, age, pubertal status, or ln IGF-1 level. BMI SDS correlated negatively with ln peak GH level induced by clonidine but not by dopamine. In stepwise multivariate regression analysis, BMI SDS was the only significant predictor of ln peak GH level in the combination of tests and the clonidine test, but not in the dopamine test. In children without GH deficiency, BMI SDS correlates negatively with the peak GH level. BMI SDS should be included in the analysis of the results of GH provocation tests, especially tests with clonidine. FAU - Lee, Jieun
Growth status of Jordanian schoolchildren in military-funded schools.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To study the growth status of Jordanian boys and girls in comparison with the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) growth charts. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SUBJECTS AND DATA COLLECTION: A total of 5826 boys and 1414 girls, aged 6.5-17.5 y, were included in the study. Height and weight were measured. Body mass index (BMI) was calculated as weight (kg) divided by the square of the height (m). Socioeconomic data were collected using a structured questionnaire. RESULTS: The height-for-age values fluctuated between the 5th and 10th percentiles of the CDC for both sexes, and then after the age of 8.5 and 14.5 y for boys and girls, respectively, values were just above the 10th percentile. The body weight-for-age values were just above the 25th percentile for boys and fluctuated between the 25th and 50th percentiles for girls; then after the age of 14.5 and 12.5 y for boy and girls, respectively, values fluctuated between the 25th and 50th percentiles for boys and just above the 50th percentile for girls of the CDC values. BMI values for boys were just above the 50th percentile of the CDC and for girls values fluctuated between the 50th and 75th percentiles until the age of 13.5, then values matched the 75th percentile of the CDC. CONCLUSION: The height of Jordanian children ranges from the 5th to the 10th percentile of the CDC reference values during schools years. Girls have a tendency toward obesity after puberty. FAU - Hasan, M A
[Surgical treatment of GnRH secretory hypothalamic hamartomas causing precocious puberty].$$$ Hypothalamic hamartomas (HHs) are benign lesions often associated with central precocious puberty. Resection of HHs has been recommended as a treatment option for selected cases, however recent reports stressed the role of effective medical management with a long-acting GnRH agonist. This paper describes incomplete response to the initial GnRH therapy and results of total resection of HHs. Five children two boys and three girls with physical signs of puberty at a mean age of 20.2 months (range 5-36 months) have been treated at our institution. All children had a pedunculated mass below the tuber cinereum. Two children were initially treated with GnRH agonist and had received follow-up care for 11 and 12 months respectively. These patients had incomplete regression of endocrinological disturbances to prepubertal level. Both patients were subsequently operated on. All five children underwent total surgical removal of HHs. The hamartomas were excised through pterional approach. Postoperatively two children showed transient third nerve palsy and one diabetes incipidus. There was no permanent disability due to surgical intervention. The clinical and biochemical symptoms and signs of precocious puberty completely regressed postoperatively including two cases treated initially with GnRH analog. The children have been followed for 1 to 6 years and no recurrence of puberty was observed. Surgical excision of pedunculated HHs is still a valuable option in the treatment of precocious puberty in small children. This alternative should be considered if the initial GnRH therapy failed to suppress++ puberty and reduce bone age advancement. FAU - Roszkowski, M
Final height in patients with idiopathic short stature and high growth hormone responses to stimulation tests.$$$ Children with idiopathic short stature (ISS) may have normal or increased growth hormone (GH) responses to provocation tests and achieve a final height (FH) below -2.0 standard deviation score (SDS) if untreated. FH of subjects with high stimulated GH levels has not been studied in detail. AIM: It was the aim of this study to analyse FH in ISS patients with high GH peak responses to the provocation test. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We studied 16 patients (9 pre-pubertal) with ISS and a GH peak >or=40 mU/l to insulin-induced hypoglycaemia. The patients were recalled at age 19.7 +/- 2.5 years for measurement of FH when blood samples were obtained for serum insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I, IGF binding protein 3, acid-labile subunit and GH binding protein measurements. GH bioactivity was determined using the Nb2 bioassay. RESULTS: FH was -3.1 +/- 1.0 SDS, being significantly lower than target height (TH). At FH, IGF-I levels were within -1.5 and +1.5 SDS for age and sex in 10 patients and higher than +1.5 SDS in 6 patients. IGF binding protein 3, acid-labile subunit, GH binding protein levels and GH bioactivity values were normal. SUMMARY: These data suggest that patients with ISS and high GH levels during a GH stimulation test may have a more compromised FH. The association of severe ISS with a peak GH >40 mU/l might suggest a degree of insensitivity for the GH-IGF-I axis.
Clinical Features and Response to Treatment of Prolactinomas in Children and Adolescents: A Retrospective Single-Centre Analysis and Review of the Literature.$$$ BACKGROUND: Paediatric prolactinomas are rare. The aim of this study was to investigate the clinical features and outcome of paediatric patients with prolactinomas. METHODS: In this single-centre retrospective analysis, clinical, biochemical, and radiological features of all paediatric patients with pituitary adenomas diagnosed between 2000 and 2016 were evaluated. RESULTS: Among 21 patients with pituitary adenomas, 12 patients with prolactinomas (median age 14.2 years, range 11-16.6 years, 8 females, 4 males) were identified (7 macro- and 5 microprolactinomas). The most common clinical symptoms were headaches (67%) and pubertal delay (67%). All patients with macroprolactinomas with prolactin concentrations >10,000 mU/L had at least 1 pituitary hormone deficiency. Cabergoline as first-line treatment (n = 11, median follow-up of 37 months, range 12-89 months) induced normoprolactinemia (n = 8), reduced the mean tumour volume by 80%, and ameliorated headaches (p = 0.016) and pubertal delay (p = 0.031), whereas intermittent moderate side effects occurred in 55%. CONCLUSION: Adolescents with headaches and pubertal delay should be investigated for prolactinomas. Treatment with cabergoline is well tolerated and effective in reducing clinical symptoms and prolactin concentrations was well as inducing tumour shrinkage. Further clinical prospective studies are needed to standardize paediatric treatment modalities.
Leptin-adiponectin imbalance as a marker of metabolic syndrome among Chinese children and adolescents: The BCAMS study.$$$ PURPOSE: Leptin and adiponectin have opposite effects on subclinical inflammation and insulin resistance, both involved in the development of metabolic syndrome (MS). We aimed to investigate whether leptin/adiponectin ratio (L/A), as a marker of these two adipokines imbalance, may improve diagnosis of MS in children and adolescents, and determined its cut-off value in the diagnosis of MS. METHODS: A total of 3,428 subjects aged 6-18 years were selected from Beijing Child and Adolescent Metabolic Syndrome study. Adipokine leptin and adiponectin were measured using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Odds ratio of MS per 1 z-score of adipokine was examined using logistic regression. Diagnosis accuracy was assessed using c-statistics (AUC) and net reclassification index. RESULTS: The levels of leptin and L/A increased with number of positive MS components, while the levels of adiponectin declined in both boys and girls (all P <0.001). AUCs for diagnosis of MS in girls were 0.793, 0.773, and 0.689 using L/A, leptin and adiponectin, respectively; and AUCs in boys were 0.822, 0.798, and 0.697 for L/A, leptin and adiponectin, respectively. Notably, L/A outperformed individual leptin or adiponectin in discriminating a diagnosis of MS (all P < 0.02 in AUC comparisons). In addition, the optimal cut-offs of L/A by ROC curve differed by genders and pubertal stages, which were 1.63, 1.28, 1.95 and 1.53 ng/ug for total, pre-, mid- and postpubertal boys, respectively and 2.19, 0.87,1.48 and 2.27 ng/ug for total, pre-, mid- and postpubertal girls, respectively, yielding high sensitivity and moderate specificity for a screening test. CONCLUSIONS: In this pediatric population, leptin-adiponectin imbalance, as reflected by an increase in L/A level, was found to be a better diagnostic biomarker for MS than leptin or adiponectin alone. Future longitudinal studies are needed to further validate the gender-specific cutoff values. FAU - Li, Ge
Growth and endocrine function in patients with Hurler syndrome after hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.$$$ Short stature is characteristic of Hurler syndrome, or mucopolysaccharidosis type IH (MPS IH). Hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) is used to treat children with MPS IH. While HSCT corrects some of the metabolic features of MPS IH, its effects on growth are not well delineated. We investigated growth in patients with MPS IH after HSCT and described accompanying endocrine abnormalities. A cohort of 48 patients with MPS IH who had received HSCT between 1983 and 2005 were included. The prevalence of short stature (height <-2 s.d. score, SDS) before HSCT was 9%, and increased to 71% at last follow-up (6.9+/-5.1 years after HSCT). Short stature was positively associated with increased age at HSCT (P=0.002) and TBI (P=0.009). In total, 23% had growth hormone deficiency and/or low insulin-like growth factor-1, one female patient had premature adrenarche, one precocious puberty and 27% had clinical or subclinical hypothyroidism. Growth failure is highly prevalent in children with MPS IH after HSCT. Children who had no TBI exposure and were younger at the time of HSCT had a better height outcome. FAU - Polgreen, L E
Acute effects of blood transfusion on pituitary gonadal axis and sperm parameters in adolescents and young men with thalassemia major: a pilot study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate semen parameters and measure serum FSH, LH, T, and insulin-like growth factor (IGF) 1 concentrations before and 7 days after packed red cell transfusion (PCTx) in young adults with thalassemia major (TM). DESIGN: Prospective study. SETTING: Tertiary care hospital. PATIENT(S): This study investigated 10 young adults with TM, aged 17-32 years, with full pubertal development (Tanner stage 5, eugonadal) and capacity to ejaculate. They had been regularly transfused since early childhood and underwent chelation therapy with the use of desferrioxamine replaced by deferasirox for the past 4-5 years. At the time of the study their serum ferritin levels ranged from 500 to 5,922 ng/mL (mean 2,686 ng/mL). Basal serum concentrations of FSH, LH, T, and IGF-1 were evaluated before and 7 days after PCTx. INTERVENTION(S): We studied the effect of PCTx on semen parameters and the endocrine functions in these 10 patients with TM. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): After PCTx, a significant increase of hemoglobin from 8.7 ± 0.86 g/dL to 11.1 ± 0.82 g/dL was associated with increased T (from 16.5 ± 8 nmol/L to 20 ± 8.8 nmol/L), IGF-1 (from 173 ± 46 ng/mL to 214 ± 61 ng/mL), and gonadotropin concentrations. RESULT(S): Total sperm count increased significantly from 57.8 ± 38.3 million/mL to 166 ± 132 million/mL, and rapid progressive sperm motility progressive motility increased from 20.6 ± 16.6% to 79.7 ± 67.4%. After PCTx, LH concentrations were correlated significantly with T concentrations and sperm volume and count. The increase of IGF-1 concentration was correlated significantly with hemoglobin level after PCTx and negatively with ferritin concentration. Significant correlations were found before and after PCTx between serum T concentrations and semen parameters, including sperm count, rapid progressive motility, and the number of sperm with normal morphology, and between IGF-1 levels and seminal parameters. No correlations were found between serum FSH and IGF-1 concentrations and seminal parameters. CONCLUSION(S): This study suggests that in thalassemic men, blood transfusion is associated with significant acute enhancement of sperm parameters and increased concentrations of serum T, LH, FSH, and IGF-1. These "acute" effects on spermiogenesis are reached by an unknown mechanism and suggest a number of pathways that need further human and/or experimental studies.
Fibroscan: a new noninvasive method for evaluation of liver dysfunction in Turner syndrome.$$$ BACKGROUND: Raised liver enzyme value is frequently detected in patients with Turner syndrome (TS), but its clinical importance is still unclear. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the entity of liver involvement in TS and to avoid the invasiveness of liver biopsy, we planned to measure liver stiffness by transient elastography (TE). DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Twenty-five consecutive patients with TS and a chronological age ≥ 12·5 years (mean age = 21·7 years), full pubertal development and final height's achievement were enrolled and investigated by blood biochemical analyses [glucose, insulin, aspartate-aminotransferase (AST), alanine-aminotransferase (ALT), gamma-glutamil transferase (GGT), alkaline phosphatase, cholesterol, triglyceride, HDL-cholesterol], ultrasonography and TE of the liver. RESULTS: Of 25, 7 subjects (28%) showed liver enzyme levels higher than the normal upper limit. Mean liver stiffness value in the entire study group was 4·5 ± 1·7 kPa, being significantly higher in patients with abnormal liver enzymes than in those with normal liver biochemistry (6·0 ± 2·9 vs. 4·0 ± 0·9, P < 0·05). Strong correlations were found between TE values and ALT (P < 0·005), GGT (P < 0·0001), Body mass index (P < 0·05), HOMA index (P < 0·05), HDL-cholesterol (P < 0·05) and triglycerides (P < 0·0001). CONCLUSIONS: We can assert that (i) liver stiffness, measured by TE, strongly correlates with liver enzyme levels in patients with TS ; (ii) the increased liver stiffness in patients with TS with biochemical signs of liver dysfunction is significantly related to metabolic syndrome parameters; (iii) TE may be an useful tool to select among patients with TS with elevated liver enzymes or other metabolic risk factors, those who deserve more invasive diagnostic procedures, namely liver biopsy, for the best characterisation of liver damage.
Lifestyle intervention improves fitness independent of metformin in obese adolescents.$$$ PURPOSE: Obesity in adolescence increases the risk for early adult cardiovascular disease. We recently showed that 6 months of diet, exercise, and metformin resulted in reductions in adiposity and that diet/exercise alone reduced proinflammatory factors and intrahepatic fat in pubertal children with uncomplicated obesity. The purpose of the present study was to determine whether changes in cardiorespiratory fitness (CRF) after 6 months of structured diet and exercise (DE) or DE plus metformin are related to the previously observed changes in adiposity, markers of inflammation, and intrahepatic fat. METHODS: Sixteen obese pubertal adolescents between the ages of 10 and 17 were randomized into a structured lifestyle program consisting of DE or DE plus metformin. Subjects performed aerobic and resistance exercise 3 d·wk⁻¹, 30 min per session. Cycle ergometer maximal oxygen consumption (V˙O2max), body composition, blood markers (glucose, insulin, homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance, interleukin-6, hsCRP), and intrahepatic fat were measured at baseline and 6 months. RESULTS: In the cohort, as whole-body weight decreased by 4.0% (P = 0.009), body mass index decreased by 4.9% (P = 0.003), percent body fat decreased by 8.8% (P < 0.001), and V˙O2max improved in 10 of 16 subjects. The addition of metformin provided no further effect on body composition, CRF, or inflammatory factors. More favorable changes in adiposity, adiponectin, and a trend toward blood glucose and interleukin-6 concentrations (P = 0.07) were observed in subjects who increased V˙O2max at 6 months (n = 10) compared with no change in these variables in those who did not improve V˙O2max. CONCLUSIONS: Metformin did not provide benefits above lifestyle modification for improving CRF in obese adolescents. Improvements in V˙O2max seem to be associated with more favorable metabolic outcomes. FAU - Rynders, Corey
Breast cancer in men: risk factors with hormonal implications.$$$ Cases included in a population-based case-control study of breast cancer in men were recruited from 10 geographic areas of the United States from 1983 to 1986. Controls, matched to cases on age and geographic area, were selected by random digit dialing for men under age 65 years and from Health Care Financing Administration files for older men. Results are based on responses from 227 cases and 300 controls to questions asked in a standardized personal interview. An increased risk of breast cancer was most strongly associated with undescended testes and was also related to orchiectomy, orchitis, testicular injury, late puberty, and infertility; and a decreasing trend in risk was observed with an increasing number of children. Relative risk estimates were also elevated in relation to a history of high blood cholesterol, rapid weight gain, benign breast conditions, and possibly obesity. These findings suggest that breast cancer in men develops in response to androgen deficiency associated with testicular dysfunction and under conditions associated with excess estrogen. Risk was also found to be elevated in men with a history of amphetamine use, diabetes, and cigar smoking and reduced in men with prior head trauma. FAU - Thomas, D B
Associations of height, leg length, and lung function with cardiovascular risk factors in the Midspan Family Study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Taller people and those with better lung function are at reduced risk of coronary heart disease (CHD). Biological mechanisms for these associations are not well understood, but both measures may be markers for early life exposures. Some studies have shown that leg length, an indicator of pre-pubertal nutritional status, is the component of height most strongly associated with CHD risk. Other studies show that height-CHD associations are greatly attenuated when lung function is controlled for. This study examines (1) the association of height and the components of height (leg length and trunk length) with CHD risk factors and (2) the relative strength of the association of height and forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV(1)) with risk factors for CHD. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Cross sectional analysis of data collected at detailed cardiovascular screening examinations of 1040 men and 1298 women aged 30-59 whose parents were screened in 1972-76. Subjects come from 1477 families and are members of the Midspan Family Study. SETTING: The towns of Renfrew and Paisley in the West of Scotland. RESULTS: Taller subjects and those with better lung function had more favourable cardiovascular risk factor profiles, associations were strongest in relation to FEV(1). Higher FEV(1) was associated with lower blood pressure, cholesterol, glucose, fibrinogen, white blood cell count, and body mass index. Similar, but generally weaker, associations were seen with height. These associations were not attenuated in models controlling for parental height. Longer leg length, but not trunk length, was associated with lower systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Longer leg length was also associated with more favourable levels of cholesterol and body mass index than trunk length. CONCLUSIONS: These findings provide indirect evidence that measures of lung development and pre-pubertal growth act as biomarkers for childhood exposures that may modify an individual's risk of developing CHD. Genetic influences do not seem to underlie height-CHD associations. FAU - Gunnell, D
Body morphology and its impact on adolescent and pediatric gynecology, with a special emphasis on polycystic ovary syndrome.$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To provide the reader with a timely review of studies investigating the impact of body morphology and weight on pubertal maturation, impact of pubertal maturation on adult body morphology, and recent developments in the diagnosis and management of polycystic ovary syndrome. RECENT FINDINGS: The temporal trends in age of onset of puberty and menarche, and prevalence of obesity, are presented. Timing of pubertal maturation and initial manifestations of puberty may impact adult adiposity and ponderosity, as well as predispose to conditions associated with adult morbidity. The polycystic ovary syndrome is the most common endocrinologic disorder, occurring in up to 10% of women. It is associated with insulin resistance, and substantial proportions of women with polycystic ovary syndrome, regardless of age or obesity status, have impaired glucose tolerance. Clinical and biochemical abnormalities seen in polycystic ovary syndrome may improve through utilization of insulin-sensitizing agents, although lifestyle changes provide more profound clinical improvements. SUMMARY: We now understand better those factors associated with initiation of puberty, and pathophysiology of polycystic ovary syndrome. However, further longitudinal studies are needed. FAU - Biro, Frank M
The Prevalence of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) in High School Students in Rasht in 2009 According to NIH Criteria.$$$ BACKGROUND: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disorder in women associated with many reproductive, endocrine, metabolic and cardiovascular dysfunctions. This study aimed to determine the prevalence of PCOS among high school students in Rasht. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In a cross-sectional study, 1850 students were selected by a multi-stage cluster sampling from all high schools in Rasht. The inclusion criteria were: age 17-18 years, menarche from 10-16 years, normal prolactin and thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) values, no history of anatomical malformation, no use of medication or hair-removal techniques, and a history of oligo- or amenorrhea. PCOS was diagnosed if both menstrual dysfunction and clinical hyperandrogenism were detected. RESULTS: Mean age of subjects was 17.2 ± 0.7 years and the age of menarche was 12.8 ± 0.9 years. Of all students, 378 (20.4%) had oligomenorrhea and PCOS was diagnosed in 210 (11.34 %) according to the National Institute of Health (NIH) definition. PCOS subjects, mean body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, and waist/hip (W/H) ratio were 21.1 ± 3.6, 73.4 ± 8.0 cm and 0.77 ± 0.05, respectively. A family history of diabetes mellitus type 2 was reported in 24.7% of subjects. CONCLUSION: The prevalence of PCOS in this study was similar to the international estimates of 10-20% in Caucasians. A long-term follow-up is needed to compare the accuracy of clinical determination of the disease versus diagnosis based on hormonal and/or sonographic assessments. FAU - Asgharnia, Maryam
Clinical evaluation in isolated hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism (Kallmann syndrome).$$$ OBJECTIVE: To describe the clinical features, laboratory investigation and treatment of Kallmann syndrome. DESIGN: A retrospective study of patients treated in the Endocrine Clinic of the Royal Children's Hospital and St Vincent's Hospital, Melbourne, between 1984 and 1996. RESULTS: Eleven males and 5 females with Kallmann syndrome are described. Their ages at presentation ranged from one week to 21 years. Presenting symptoms were micropenis, small testes, anosmia and delayed puberty. Fifty-six percent (9/16) had a family history of either anosmia or infertility. The features of Kallmann syndrome are variable. We have described unilateral renal aplasia, coloboma of iris, deafness, midline anomalies, oculomotor apraxia and Moebius anomalad as features that were associated with Kallmann syndrome in our group of subjects. One patient diagnosed as having X-linked Kallmann syndrome has previously been shown to have a specific mutation in an intronic sequence adjacent to exon 6. Most patients showed low serum levels of basal gonadotrophins, testosterone or oestrogen, and had a poor response to LHRH stimulation, but two patients showed a pubertal response to LHRH stimulation, and may have a variant form of Kallmann syndrome. Treatment given to these patients included exogenous testosterone or oestrogen for induction of puberty, with appropriate pubertal progress occurring in each patient. CONCLUSION: The manifestations of Kallmann syndrome vary, depending upon the degree of LHRH deficiency. Therapy should combine exogenous sex hormone replacement and psychological support, with long-term follow-up to ensure maintenance of normal sexual function, normal bone mass and psychosocial outcome, with fertility induction when indicated. FAU - Dissaneevate, P
Relationship between pituitary stalk (PS) visibility and the severity of hormone deficiencies: PS interruption syndrome revisited.$$$ CONTEXT: Pituitary stalk interruption syndrome (PSIS) is a rare cause of combined pituitary hormone deficiency characterized by a triad shown in pituitary imaging, yet it has never been evaluated due to the visibility of pituitary stalk (PS) in imaging findings. OBJECTIVE: The major objective of the study was to systematically describe the disease including clinical presentations, imaging findings and to estimate the severity of anterior pituitary hormone deficiency based on the visibility of the PS. METHODS: This was a retrospective study including 74 adult patients with PSIS in Shanghai Clinical Center for Endocrine and Metabolic Diseases between January 2010 and June 2014. Sixty had invisible PS according to the findings on MRI, while the rest had a thin or intersected PS. Basic characteristics and hormonal status were compared. RESULTS: Of the 74 patients with PSIS, age at diagnosis was 25 (22-28) years. Absent pubertal development (97·3%) was the most common presenting symptom, followed by short stature. Insulin tolerance test (ITT) and gonadotrophin-releasing hormone (GnRH) stimulation test were used to evaluate the function of anterior pituitary. The prevalence of isolated deficiency in growth hormone (GH), gonadotrophins, corticotrophin and thyrotrophin were 100%, 97·2%, 88·2% and 70·3%, respectively. Although the ratio of each deficiency did not vary between patients with invisible PS and with visible PS, panhypopituitarism occurred significantly more frequent in patients with invisible PS. Patients with invisible PS had significantly lower levels of luteinizing hormone (LH), follicle stimulation hormone (FSH) and hormones from targeted glands including morning cortisol, 24-h urine free cortisol, free triiodothyronine (FT3), free thyroxine (FT4) and testosterone (T) in male than patients with visible PS. Moreover, patients with invisible PS had lower peak LH and FSH in GnRH stimulation test, and higher peak cortisol in ITT while peak GH remained unchanged between two groups. CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of multiple anterior pituitary hormone deficiency was high in adult patients with PSIS. And more importantly, we found the visibility of PS shown on MRI might be an indication of the severity of PSIS.
Is there an increased risk of metabolic syndrome among childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia survivors? A developing country experience.$$$ Data on metabolic syndrome (MS) in survivors of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) from developing countries are lacking. The purpose of this single-center, uncontrolled, observational study was to assess the frequency of MS in our survivors. The survivors of ALL ≤15 years at diagnosis, who had completed therapy ≥2 years earlier, were enrolled. Anthropometric measurements (weight, height, waist circumference), biochemistry (glucose, insulin, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein [HDL], thyroid function tests, C-reactive protein [CRP], magnesium), measurement of blood pressure, and Tanner staging were performed. MS was defined by International Diabetes Federation (IDF) and the National Cholesterol Education Program Third Adult Treatment Panel guidelines (NCEP ATP III) criteria, modified by Cook et al. (Arch Pediatr Adolesc Med. 2003;157:821-827) and Ford et al. (Diabetes Care. 2005;28:878-881). The median age of 76 survivors was 11.9 years (interquartile range [IQR]: 9.6-13.5). Twenty-four (32%) survivors were obese or overweight. The prevalence of insulin resistance (17%), hypertension (7%), hypertriglyceridemia (20%), and low HDL (37%) was comparable to the prevalence in children/adolescents in historical population-based studies from India. The prevalence of MS ranged from 1.3% to 5.2%, as per different defining criteria. Cranial radiotherapy, age at diagnosis, sex, or socioeconomic status were not risk factors for MS. The prevalence of MS in survivors of childhood ALL, at a median duration of 3 years from completion of chemotherapy, was comparable to the reference population. The prevalence of being obese or overweight was, however, greater than historical controls. FAU - Mohapatra, Sonali
Late effects after hematopoietic stem cell transplantation for β-thalassemia major: the French national experience.$$$ In this retrospective study, we evaluate long-term complications in nearly all β-thalassemia-major patients who successfully received allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation in France. Ninety-nine patients were analyzed with a median age of 5.9 years at transplantation. The median duration of clinical follow up was 12 years. All conditioning regimens were myeloablative, most were based on busulfan combined with cyclophosphamide, and more than 90% of patients underwent a transplant from a matched sibling donor. After transplantation, 11% of patients developed thyroid dysfunction, 5% diabetes, and 2% heart failure. Hypogonadism was present in 56% of females and 14% of males. Female patients who went on to normal puberty after transplant were significantly younger at transplantation than those who experienced delayed puberty (median age 2.5 vs 8.7 years). Fertility was preserved in 9 of 27 females aged 20 years or older and 2 other patients became pregnant following oocyte donation. In addition to patient's age and higher serum ferritin levels at transplantation, time elapsed since transplant was significantly associated with decreased height growth in multivariate analysis. Weight growth increased after transplantation particularly in females, 36% of adults being overweight at last evaluation. A comprehensive long-term monitoring, especially of endocrine late effects, is required after hematopoietic stem cell transplantation for thalassemia.
Weight change and risk of endometrial cancer.$$$ BACKGROUND: Obesity is an established risk factor for endometrial cancer. Less well understood is the role of weight gain and weight change in determining risk. METHODS: We analysed data from a population-based case-control study to evaluate the associations of body mass index (BMI), weight gain, and weight cycling with risk of endometrial cancer. Cases (n=740) under age 80 with a new diagnosis of endometrial cancer were identified from Wisconsin's cancer registry. Controls (n=2342) were randomly selected from driver's license lists and Medicare beneficiary files. Body size at three time points and other risk factor information were ascertained by interview in 1992-95. RESULTS: Endometrial cases were more likely than controls to be nulliparous, have early ages at menarche and late ages at menopause, be diabetic, smoke cigarettes, and use post-menopausal hormones. After adjustment for these factors, increasing BMI was associated with increased risk (P-trend<0.001); women in the top quartile of BMI (>29 kg/m2) had a 3-fold greater risk of endometrial cancer [95% confidence interval (95% CI) 2.4-4.2] compared with women in the lowest quartile (<23 kg/-m2). For each 5 kg weight gain, the odds ratio (OR) for endometrial cancer risk equalled 1.2 (95% CI 1.2-1.3). History of weight cycling modestly increased risk after adjustment for BMI and other factors (OR=1.3; 95% CI 1.0-1.6). In addition, women who reported sustained weight loss had a reduced risk of endometrial cancer (OR=0.7; 95% CI 0.6-0.9). CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that weight gain and lack of weight stability are associated with risk of endometrial cancer. FAU - Trentham-Dietz, A
[Efficacy and safety of replacement treatment in isolated growth hormone deficiency].$$$ INTRODUCTION: Growth in patients with isolated growth hormone (GH) deficiency is heterogeneous despite treatment due to the low specificity of diagnostic tests, making it necessary to define efficacy variables. AIMS: To evaluate efficacy of hormone replacement therapy in children with isolated GH deficiency. METHODS: Observational-ambispective study of patients treated in our department in the last 14 years for isolated GH deficiency. This was defined as a GH level less than 7.4mg/dl in response to 2 stimulation tests in patients with height<2SD and a decreased growth rate. RESULTS: The study included a total 97 patients, of whom 69% were boys. The large majority (89.58%) achieved final height. None of them had side effects. The median dose of GH used was 0.028mg/kg/day (0.03-0.025). There was a gain of 1.17 SD in final height. Around three-quarters (71.13%) of the patients were reassessed in adulthood, of whom 39.4% maintained the deficiency, and 79.31% achieved target range height. Target height, estimated height, and the total pubertal gain were positively correlated with final height, while the bone age/chronological age ratio and the initial insulin-like growth factor-1 showed a negative correlation. CONCLUSIONS: A majority of patients reached target size, although only a few of them maintained the deficiency in adulthood. Target size, estimated adult height, and pubertal variables are directly related to adult height, while bone age/chronological age and insulin-like growth factor-1 were inversely related, and these can be used as efficacy variables. No adverse effects were observed in the sample with the doses used for the treatment.
Oral contraceptives, reproductive history and risk of colorectal cancer in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition.$$$ BACKGROUND: Oral contraceptive use and reproductive factors may initiate long-term changes to the hormonal milieu and thereby, possibly influence colorectal cancer risk. METHODS: We examined the association of hormonal and reproductive factors with risk of colorectal cancer among 337,802 women in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition, of whom 1878 developed colorectal cancer. RESULTS: After stratification for center and age, and adjustment for body mass index, smoking, diabetes mellitus, physical activity and alcohol consumption, ever use of oral contraceptives was marginally inversely associated with colorectal cancer risk (hazard ratio (HR), 0.92; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.83-1.02), although this association was stronger among post-menopausal women (HR, 0.84; 95% CI: 0.74-0.95). Duration of oral contraceptive use and reproductive factors, including age at menarche, age at menopause, type of menopause, ever having an abortion, parity, age at first full-term pregnancy and breastfeeding, were not associated with colorectal cancer risk. CONCLUSION: Our findings provide limited support for a potential inverse association between oral contraceptives and colorectal cancer risk. FAU - Tsilidis, K K
Cardiometabolic Risk and Body Composition in Youth With Down Syndrome. LID - 10.1542/peds.2019-0137 [doi] LID - e20190137$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Whether BMI captures adiposity and cardiometabolic risk in Down syndrome (DS), a condition associated with obesity, short stature, and altered body proportions, is not known. We compared cardiometabolic risk measures in youth with DS and typically developing matched controls. METHODS: Youth with (n = 150) and without (n = 103) DS of comparable age (10-20 years), sex, race, ethnicity, and BMI percentile underwent whole-body dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, fasting glucose, insulin, lipids, lipoprotein particles, inflammatory factors, and when BMI percentile ≥85, an oral glucose tolerance test. RESULTS: Sixty-four percent of youth with DS had BMI percentile ≥85. Among these, no difference in glucose, insulin, or insulin resistance was detected, but prediabetes was more prevalent with DS (26.4% vs 10.3%; P = .025) after adjustment for demographics, pubertal status, and BMI z score (odds ratio = 3.2; P = .026). Among all participants, those with DS had higher low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (median 107 [interquartile range 89-128] vs 88.5 [79-103] mg/dL; P < .00005), triglycerides (89.5 [73-133] vs 71.5 [56-104] mg/dL; P < .00005), non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C; 128 [104-153] vs 107 [92-123] mg/dL; P < .00005), and triglycerides/HDL-C (2.2 [1.6-3.4] vs 1.7 [1.1-2.5] mg/dL; P = .0003) and lower levels of HDL-C (41 [36.5-47] vs 45 [37-53] mg/dL; P = .012). DS youth had higher high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, interleukin-6, small low-density lipoprotein particles (LDL-P), and total LDL-P, but similar LDL-P size. Youth with DS had less visceral fat (VFAT), fat mass, and lean mass for BMI z score, but greater VFAT at higher fat mass. However, VFAT did not fully explain the increased prevalence of dyslipidemia or prediabetes in youth with DS. CONCLUSIONS: Despite similar insulin resistance, youth with DS had greater prevalence of dyslipidemia and prediabetes than typically developing youth, which was not fully explained by VFAT.
Association between nutritional status, C-reactive protein, adiponectin and HOMA-AD in Brazilian children.$$$ INTRODUCTION: In children, the presence of obesity is a major risk factor for the occurrence of cardiovascular diseases on the adulthood. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the association of anthropometry, body composition, clinical variables and biochemical profile with C-reactive protein and adiponectin levels, and insulin resistance in children in the municipality of Nova Era, Brazil. METHODS: Nested case-control study following a crosssectional study. We evaluated 178 children, 57 of them classified as obese and 121 as normal-weight from a population of 1024 schoolchildren 6 to 10 years old: Blood samples were collected after 12-hour fast to obtain serum and plasma. We collected anthropometric and body composition measures, systolic and diastolic blood pressure data. Sexual maturation was assessed according to the stage of sexual development. We performed Student's t-test, Mann-Whitney U test, Pearson's correlation, Spearman's test and multiple linear regression analysis. Independent variables with p < 0.05 were included in the multiple regression model. Residual analysis was performed to assess model validity. RESULTS: Among obese children, C-reactive protein levels were associated with triacylglycerol levels and body fat percentage estimated by skinfold thickness (R2 adjusted = 27.6%, p < 0.001). Adiponectin was associated with HOMA-IR, HOMAAD and body fat percentage estimated by skinfold thickness (R2 adjusted = 75.5%, p < 0.001). HOMA-AD index was associated with HOMA-IR, adiponectin, systolic blood pressure and weight (R2 adjusted = 90.7%, p < 0.001). CONCLUSION: Significant associations were found between body composition, anthropometry, clinical variables, biochemical profile and adiponectin and C-reactive protein levels and insulin resistance in obese and normal-weight children.
How possible is the prevention of polycystic ovary syndrome development in adolescent patients with early onset of hyperandrogenism.$$$ The polycystic ovary syndrome has a pubertal onset, with menstrual cycle irregularities and infertility in adulthood, as well as general health hazards such as increased risk for diabetes mellitus and myocardial infarction. Thus, prevention would be important. But as specific etiological factors are not known, nor is specific intervention. In order to use long-term intervention programs in children and adolescents, particularly rigid criteria must be used regarding proven safety and efficacy. In obese subjects, weight loss is very important, having beneficial effects on most aspects of the syndrome, such as subjective symptoms, infertility, hyperinsulinemia and related metabolic aberrations, and long-term health risks. Well controlled, long-term follow-up studies are needed on the role of prepubertal hyperandrogenism, hyperinsulinemia, gonadotropins, and ovarian morphological aspects in the development of PCOS, and possibilities of prevention. FAU - Apter, D
Effect of demographic factors on brachytherapy treatment results in patients with endometrial cancer 1995-2010.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Approximately 1 in 20 female cancers in Europe is of the endometrium. Endometrial carcinoma is the most common gynaecologic cancer. Considering the fact that an upward tendency has recently been observed in morbidity due to this type of cancer, this is a serious medical problem. OBJECTIVE: The presented report describes the results of the analysis of selected demographic factors and their effect on the incidence of endometrial cancer. Analysis of the results of treatment of endometrial cancer during 1995-2010 was also an objective of the study. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Based on medical records obtained from the HDR Laboratory of Brachytherapy at the Gynaecological & Obstetrics Clinical Hospital, University of Medical Sciences in Poznań, the results of treatment of patients with endometrial cancer by brachytherapy were analyzed. The analysis covered a group of 400 patients. RESULTS: More than a half of the patients completed their education on the level of elementary or secondary school. Taking into consideration the weight of the patients, it appeared that most women had excessive body weight. Most frequently, concomitant hypertension was observed. Moreover, the age at menarche was 12 and 13. CONCLUSIONS: Demographic factors exert a significant effect on the incidence of endometrial cancer. 1. Overweight and obesity are important risk factors of endometrial cancer. 2. A strong relationship is observed between the occurrence of hypertension or diabetes, and the development of endometrial cancer. 3. Women who come from the rural environment and continue to live in this environment are more likely to contract endometrial cancer. FAU - Jurczyk, Mieczysława U
Reliability of bioimpedance analysis compared with other adiposity measurements in children: the FLVS II Study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the reproducibility of the measurement of% body fat by bipedal biometrical impedance analysis (BIA) compared with anthropometric measurements of adiposity in children and the correlations between these methods in children and adults. METHODS: A cross-sectional study in a total of 1080 adults and children enrolled in 1999 in the Fleurbaix-Laventie Ville Santé II (FLVS II) population-based study in northern France. The reproducibility of anthropometrical and BIA methods was determined by a nested analysis of variance of repeated measurements by 2 investigators and a bipedal BIA device (Tanita TBF 310) in 64 pupils of two 5th grade classes. The correlation of BIA and anthropometric adiposity measurements with the unknown relative fat mass or volume of the body estimated by a latent adiposity variable (LAV) was established by the triads' method in 1080 subjects of the FLVS II cohort. RESULTS: The reproducibility was similar for the sum of skinfolds, waist circumference and BIA% fat measurements (intraclass correlation coefficients: 0.979-0.992). Correlation coefficient between BIA body fat% and the LAV was higher than 0.86 in all sex and Tanner stage related groups, and similar in children and adults, except in pubertal boys (0.76). CONCLUSION: With a high level of reproducibility, foot-to-foot BIA analysis provides a valuable measurement of total% fat for epidemiologic studies in children. However further studies are needed before extrapolating these results to overweight children. FAU - Kettaneh, A
Different spexin level in obese vs normal weight children and its relationship with obesity related risk factors.$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Spexin (SPX) is a novel peptide recently discovered as an important regulatory adipokine in obesity and related metabolic diseases. The aim of the current study was to determine the potential role of Circulating levels of SPX in obese children and explore its relationships with obesity-related risk factors, and its potential role in preventing obesity. METHODS AND RESULTS: Forty-five obese children and 45 normal-weight children of similar age and sex, with mean age of 13.73 (2.68) were recruited in this Study. Weight and height, blood pressure, resting metabolic rate (RMR), physical activity level, stress, anxiety and depression, appetite status, daily energy intake, pubertal stage, serum Spexin, Interleukin-10 (IL-10), IL-1β, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), fasting glucose, insulin and lipid profile, were measure during standard techniques. Median (IQR) of Spexin levels were significantly lower in obese vs. normal-weight children [120.70 (77.7) pg/mL vs.145 (186.7)pg/mL; P = 0.03]. Based on the tertiles of the serum Spexin levels, a protective independent effect was observed for the highest tertile of serum Spexin concentrations. Crude OR (CI): 0.33 (0.11-0.95), P-trend = 0.04. Model 1 OR (CI): 0.20 (0.05-0.73), P- trend = 0.01, Model 2 OR (CI): 0.22 (0.05-0.86), P -trend = 0.03. Serum Spexin concentration was significantly associated with IL-10, IL-1β, fasting Insulin and HOMA-IR (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: The lower circulating levels of Spexin in obese children compared to their normal-weight peers, the protective independent effect found for the highest tertile of serum Spexin, and its association with glucose metabolism and immune function observed in our study, suggest a potential role for this novel peptide in childhood obesity and its related metabolic disorders.
Endocrine Disorders in Primary Mitochondrial Disease.$$$ CONTEXT: Endocrine disorders are common in individuals with mitochondrial disease. To develop evidence-based screening practices in this high-risk population, updated age-stratified estimates of the prevalence of endocrine conditions are needed. OBJECTIVE: To measure the point prevalence of selected endocrine disorders in individuals with mitochondrial disease. DESIGN SETTING AND PATIENTS: The North American Mitochondrial Disease Consortium Patient Registry is a large, prospective, physician-curated cohort study of individuals with mitochondrial disease. Participants (n = 404) are of any age, with a diagnosis of primary mitochondrial disease confirmed by molecular genetic testing. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Age-specific prevalence of diabetes mellitus (DM), abnormal growth and sexual maturation (AGSM), hypoparathyroidism, and hypothyroidism. RESULTS: The majority of our sample was pediatric (<18 years; 60.1%), female (56.9%), and white (85.9%). DM affected 2% of participants aged <18 years [95% confidence interval (CI): 0.4% to 5.7%] and 24.4% of adult participants (95% CI: 18.6% to 30.9%). DM prevalence was highest in individuals with mitochondrial encephalomyopathy, lactic acidosis, and strokelike episodes syndrome (MELAS; 31.9%, of whom 86.2% had the m.3243A>G mutation). DM occurred more often with mitochondrial DNA defects (point mutations and/or deletions) than with nuclear DNA mutations (23.3% vs 3.7%, respectively; P < 0.001). Other prevalence estimates were 44.1% (95% CI: 38.8% to 49.6%) for AGSM; 0.3% (95% CI: 0% to 1.6%) for hypoparathyroidism; and 6.3% (95% CI: 4% to 9.3%) for hypothyroidism. CONCLUSION: DM and AGSM are highly prevalent in primary mitochondrial disease. Certain clinical mitochondrial syndromes (MELAS and Kearns-Sayre/Pearson syndrome spectrum disorders) demonstrated a higher burden of endocrinopathies. Clinical screening practices should reflect the substantial prevalence of endocrine disorders in mitochondrial disease. FAU - Al-Gadi, Iman S
Routine screening by brain magnetic resonance imaging is not indicated in every girl with onset of puberty between the ages of 6 and 8 years.$$$ CONTEXT: It is still controversial whether all girls with central precocious puberty (CPP) should undergo brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) for unveiling intracranial pathology. OBJECTIVES: The objectives of the study were to determine the prevalence and type of intracranial lesions in otherwise normal girls with central precocious puberty (idiopathic CPP) and to identify the clinical and biochemical predictors of brain abnormalities. DESIGN AND SETTING: This was a retrospective study conducted at the Endocrine Unit of "Bambino Gesù" Children's Hospital (Rome, Italy) from 1990 to 2012. PATIENTS: One hundred eighty-two girls were consecutively diagnosed with CPP. All girls underwent a thorough endocrine assessment and brain MRI with a detailed examination of the hypothalamic-pituitary area. None of them had a history of neurological diseases, endocrine disorders, neurofibromatosis or other genetic syndromes, or previous hormonal therapies. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Prevalence of brain abnormalities at MRI scan was measured. RESULTS: Brain MRI showed no alteration in 157 (86%), incidentalomas of the hypothalamic-pituitary area unrelated to CPP in 19 (11%), and hamartomas in six girls (3%). Girls with hamartomas were younger than 6 years and had significantly higher mean baseline and stimulated LH values (P < .001), LH to FSH ratio (P < .001), serum 17β-estradiol levels (P < .001), and uterine length (P < .05). However, all the parameters overlapped extensively in girls with or without cerebral alterations. CONCLUSIONS: Our data cast doubt on the need of routine screening by brain MRI in girls with idiopathic CPP older than 6 years. Evidence-based criteria to drive clinical decision making about the use of MRI are lacking. FAU - Pedicelli, Stefania
Combined impact of negative lifestyle factors on cardiovascular risk in children: a randomized prospective study.$$$ PURPOSE: Negative lifestyle factors are known to be associated with increased cardiovascular risk (CVR) in children, but research on their combined impact on a general population of children is sparse. Therefore, we aimed to quantify the combined impact of easily assessable negative lifestyle factors on the CVR scores of randomly selected children after 4 years. METHODS: Of the 540 randomly selected 6- to 13-year-old children, 502 children participated in a baseline health assessment, and 64% were assessed again after 4 years. Measures included anthropometry, fasting blood samples, and a health assessment questionnaire. Participants scored one point for each negative lifestyle factor at baseline: overweight; physical inactivity; high media consumption; little outdoor time; skipping breakfast; and having a parent who has ever smoked, is inactive, or overweight. A CVR score at follow-up was constructed by averaging sex- and age-related z-scores of waist circumference, blood pressure, glucose, inverted high-density lipoprotein, and triglycerides. RESULTS: The age-, sex-, pubertal stage-, and social class-adjusted probabilities (95% confidence interval) for being in the highest CVR score tertile at follow-up for children who had at most one (n = 48), two (n = 64), three (n = 56), four (n = 41), or five or more (n = 14) risky lifestyle factors were 15.4% (8.9-25.3), 24.3% (17.4-32.8), 36.0% (28.6-44.2), 49.8% (38.6-61.0), and 63.5% (47.2-77.2), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Even in childhood, an accumulation of negative lifestyle factors is associated with higher CVR scores after 4 years. These negative lifestyle factors are easy to assess in clinical practice and allow early detection and prevention of CVR in childhood.
Serum IGF-1, IGFBP-3 and their ratio: Potential biochemical growth maturity indicators.$$$ BACKGROUND: Determination of skeletal maturation and remaining growth potential is an essential part of treatment planning in orthodontics. The aim of our study was to determine the relationship between IGF-1 levels, IGFBP-3 levels with CVM staging to track the pre pubertal and pubertal growth spurts in female patients in North Indian population. METHODS: This cross-sectional study was conducted on ninety female subjects in the age group of 8-20 years. Blood samples were collected and centrifuged and serum samples were then analysed by Human IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay kits, specific for IGF-1 and IGFBP-3, respectively. CVM staging on lateral cephalometric radiograph was determined for all patients. Analysis of variance test followed by a post hoc test was used to compare mean IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 corresponding to six stages of cervical vertebrae maturation stages. Linear Pearson's correlations were performed to determine the trends of IGF-1, IGFBP-3, and its ratio relating to CVM stage. The kappa statistic was used to measure inter and intra examiner reliability. P value <0.05 was considered as statistically significant. RESULTS: Mean serum IGF-1 levels were found to be highest (403.3 ± 12.3 ng/ml) at CVMI3 stage of CVMI. The post-hoc test revealed a significant difference in IGF-1 levels between all stages of CVMI, thereby indicating a specific range of IGF-1 levels for a specific skeletal stage. Mean serum IGFBP-3 levels were found to be highest (5186.8 ± 1384.2 ng/ml) at CVMI4 stage of CVMI. The mean serum IGFBP-3 levels at CVMI4 were found to be significantly higher than the levels at all other CVMI stages except CVMI3 stage. CONCLUSIONS: IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 can serve as a potential biochemical indicator for assessment of skeletal maturity. FAU - Jain, Nimisha
DEPTOR promoter genetic variants and insulin resistance in obese children and adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: Insulin resistance (IR) is one of the major metabolic complications of obesity in children and adolescents. DEP domain-containing mammalian target of rapamycin interacting protein (DEPTOR) is involved in downstream insulin signaling and DEPTOR's effects are regulated by its level of expression. OBJECTIVES: To analyze promoter region of DEPTOR for genetic variants associated with altered IR in obese children and adolescents. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: IR was determined in 322 normoglycemic obese subjects [173 females, 149 males; mean age 13.3 ± 3.5 yr, mean BMI-SDS 2.85 ± 0.83, HbA1C 5.2 ± 0.2% (33 ± 2.5 mmol/mol)] using homeostatic model assessment - insulin resistance [HOMA-IR (>2 prepubertal and >3 pubertal)] and whole body insulin sensitivity index [WBISI (<6.5 prepubertal and <4.5 pubertal)]. Genetic variants, determined by high resolution melting analysis, were confirmed by Sanger sequencing, whereas population allele distribution was determined by TaqMan genotyping probes. RESULTS: Genetic variant c.-143T>C (rs7840156) was associated with a significant 2-fold decreased risk to present with IR, determined by HOMA-IR [odds ratio (OR) = 0.614, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 0.435-0.867, p = 0.0057) and WBISI (OR = 0.582, 95% CI = 0.414-0.817, p = 0.0018). The CC genotype had lower mean HOMA-IR value (2.47 ± 0.44 vs. 3.04 ± 0.14, p = 0.0177) and higher mean WBISI value (7.00 ± 0.71 vs. 5.27 ± 0.33, p = 0.0235) than TT genotype. Variant c.-143T>C was located in evolutionary highly conserved region in DEPTOR promoter region. CONCLUSION: Presented results on association between insulin sensitivity and genetic variants in DEPTOR gene suggest DEPTOR and mammalian target of rapamycin signaling pathway to be potential target for future research and pharmacological interventions.
Consecutive lynestrenol and cross-sex hormone treatment in biological female adolescents with gender dysphoria: a retrospective analysis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Prior to the start of cross-sex hormone therapy (CSH), androgenic progestins are often used to induce amenorrhea in female to male (FtM) pubertal adolescents with gender dysphoria (GD). The aim of this single-center study is to report changes in anthropometry, side effects, safety parameters, and hormone levels in a relatively large cohort of FtM adolescents with a diagnosis of GD at Tanner stage B4 or further, who were treated with lynestrenol (Orgametril®) monotherapy and in combination with testosterone esters (Sustanon®). METHODS: A retrospective analysis of clinical and biochemical data obtained during at least 6 months of hormonal treatment in FtM adolescents followed at our adolescent gender clinic since 2010 (n = 45) was conducted. McNemar's test to analyze reported side effects over time was performed. A paired Student's t test or a Wilcoxon signed-ranks test was performed, as appropriate, on anthropometric and biochemical data. For biochemical analyses, all statistical tests were done in comparison with baseline parameters. Patients who were using oral contraceptives (OC) at intake were excluded if a Mann-Whitney U test indicated influence of OC. RESULTS: Metrorrhagia and acne were most pronounced during the first months of monotherapy and combination therapy respectively and decreased thereafter. Headaches, hot flushes, and fatigue were the most reported side effects. Over the course of treatment, an increase in musculature, hemoglobin, hematocrit, creatinine, and liver enzymes was seen, progressively sliding into male reference ranges. Lipid metabolism shifted to an unfavorable high-density lipoprotein (HDL)/low-density lipoprotein (LDL) ratio; glucose metabolism was not affected. Sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), total testosterone, and estradiol levels decreased, and free testosterone slightly increased during monotherapy; total and free testosterone increased significantly during combination therapy. Gonadotropins were only fully suppressed during combination therapy. Anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH) remained stable throughout the treatment. Changes occurred in the first 6 months of treatment and remained mostly stable thereafter. CONCLUSIONS: Treatment of FtM gender dysphoric adolescents with lynestrenol monotherapy and in combination with testosterone esters is effective, safe, and inexpensive; however, suppression of gonadotropins is incomplete. Regular blood controls allow screening for unphysiological changes in safety parameters or hormonal levels and for medication abuse. FAU - Tack, Lloyd J W
Evidence of insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 proteolysis during growth hormone stimulation testing.$$$ OBJECTIVES: The ternary complex is composed of insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I, IGF binding protein (IGFBP)-3 and acid labile subunit (ALS). Growth hormone (GH) promotes IGFBP-3 proteolysis to release free IGF-I, ALS, and IGFBP-3 fragments. Our aim was to determine whether elevated GH levels during GH stimulation testing would trigger IGFBP-3 proteolysis. DESIGN: This prospective study of 10 short prepubertal children (height standard deviation score -2.37 +/- 0.31) used arginine and GH releasing hormone stimulation to study dynamic changes in the ternary complex moieties. IGFBP-3 was measured in two assays: a radioimmunoassay (RIA) that detects both cleaved and intact IGFBP-3; and an immunochemiluminescence assay (ICMA) that detects only intact IGFBP-3. RESULTS: IGFBP-3 measured by RIA increased by 19% (p < 0.05), while IGFBP-3 measured by ICMA did not significantly increase (6.1%). CONCLUSION: The significant increase in IGFBP-3 measured by RIA, but not ICMA, provides evidence of IGFBP-3 proteolysis during acute GH stimulation. FAU - Nwosu, Benjamin U
The relationship of retinol binding protein 4 to changes in insulin resistance and cardiometabolic risk in overweight black adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess, among overweight non-hispanic black adolescents the relationship of changes in plasma retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4) over 3 years to changes in insulin resistance (IR) and 4 associated cardiometabolic risks. STUDY DESIGN: Nested, retrospective study of 51 overweight, post-pubertal non-Hispanic black participants in the Princeton School District Study. Participants were in the top (worsening IR) or bottom (improved IR) quartile for 3-year change in IR. RBP4 was measured by quantitative Western blot with frozen plasma. Regression analyses adjusted for age, sex, and adiposity (baseline and change). Three measures of adiposity were assessed (waist circumference, body mass index, and weight) in separate regression models. RESULTS: RBP4 increased in one third (n = 17). In logistic regression analyses, increased RBP4 was associated with significantly higher odds of worsening as opposed to improved IR independent of age, sex, or adiposity. Odds ratios were 5.6 (weight, P = .024), 6.0 (BMI, P = .025) and 7.4 (waist circumference, P = .015). Initial RBP4 (beta = 0.81, P = .005) and change in RBP4 (beta = 0.56, P = .046) also predicted change in triglycerides, but not change in high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, or fibrinogen. CONCLUSION: This retrospective cohort study provides evidence that RBP4 may be a mechanism through which obesity influences insulin resistance and hypertriglyceridemia in overweight postpubertal black youth and suggests utility of RBP4 as a biomarker of risk. FAU - Goodman, Elizabeth
Metabolic profile, cardiovascular risk factors and health-related quality of life in children, adolescents and young adults with congenital adrenal hyperplasia.$$$ Background The present study was designed to evaluate the metabolic profile, cardiovascular risk factors and quality of life in children with congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) and compare it with age- and sex-matched controls. Methods Fifty-two patients aged 3-21 years with classic CAH due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency were included in the study. Metabolic profiling was done for 36 cases and compared with 28 healthy age- and sex-matched controls. Quality of life was assessed in all 52 children and their parents using a validated Pediatric Quality of Life Inventory (PedsQL) questionnaire and was compared with normative data from the same population. Results The median age was 12 years with 14 (27%) males and 38 (73%) females. Out of the total 52 patients, 35 (67%) had salt wasting and 17 (33%) had simple virilising CAH. The median height standard deviation score (SDS) of cases was similar to that of controls (-0.72 vs. -0.64, p = 0.57) and 81% of females had normal pubertal status indicating a good control of the disease. Weight SDS, body mass index (BMI) SDS, mean diastolic blood pressure and insulin resistance were significantly higher in cases when compared to controls (0.31 vs. -0.3; 0.96 vs. 0.17; 67.8 ± 10.49 vs. 61 ± 8.49 and 2.1 vs. 0.95, respectively). The quality of life was significantly reduced in all domains as per parents' perspective, whereas the children reported reduced quality of social and school functioning. There was no significant correlation between quality of life and metabolic parameters. Conclusions Children with CAH despite a reasonably good control of the disease have a higher cardiovascular risk and reduced quality of life when compared to healthy controls. FAU - Vijayan, Roopa
Does long-term androgen deficiency lead to metabolic syndrome in middle-aged rats?$$$ Evidence from clinical observational studies and animal experiments suggests that hypogonadism is associated with the metabolic syndrome. In most of the experiments, androgen deficiency is induced by gonadectomy in the adulthood and relatively short-term effects of hypogonadism on metabolic parameters are usually observed. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the metabolic effects of long-term androgen deficiency starting before puberty in middle-aged male rats. The components of the metabolic syndrome were examined in male, female and gonadectomized male rats at the age of 18months. Sex differences were observed in plasma testosterone, cholesterol, high-density lipoproteins and also in body weight and in glycemia dynamics during oral glucose tolerance test. Gonadectomy and long-term hypogonadism did not affect most of the analyzed metabolic parameters such as blood pressure, glycemia, plasma insulin and uric acid. The only exception was the significantly higher liver enzymes in plasma and triacylglycerol in liver found in gonadectomized males. Except low-density lipoprotein, neither treatment of middle-aged males and females with letrozole, nor supplementation of estradiol as the metabolite of testosterone in gonadectomized male rats changed any of the observed metabolic parameters. Our results suggest that long-term hypogonadism started before puberty does not induce metabolic syndrome in middle-aged male rats, but may affect the liver. Sex differences in metabolic parameters in middle-aged rats are not mediated by testosterone. Whether hypogonadism predispose to metabolic syndrome in combination with other risk factors needs further clarification.
Effect of recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) on hemoglobin concentration in children with idiopathic growth hormone deficiency-related anemia.$$$ Normocytic-normochromic anemia (NC/NC) has been attributed to impaired bone marrow erythropoiesis in growth hormone (GH)-deficient patients. Moreover, the GH/insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) axis has been implicated in erythropoiesis regulation. In this retrospective multicenter study, we evaluated the incidence of NC/NC anemia in 279 children (196 boys), median age 10.52 years, with isolated idiopathic GH deficiency, and the effect of recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) therapy on hemoglobin levels. At 6-month intervals, we recorded the Hb standard deviation score (Hb-SDS), the IGF-1-SDS, weight, height, and pubertal stage. Forty-one boys and 7 girls had NC/NC anemia before starting substitutive therapy (-2.59 SD). The Hb-SDS was significantly increased (P<0.05) after 12 months of rhGH therapy. The effect of rhGH continued up to 48 months (-0.39 SD), at which point all children had normal hemoglobin values. In conclusion, rhGH therapy resulted in normal hemoglobin values in all children enrolled in the study. These data support the concept that the GH/IGF-1 axis promotes erythropoiesis in vivo. FAU - Miniero, Roberto
Physical activity at the government-recommended level and obesity-related health outcomes: a longitudinal study (Early Bird 37).$$$ BACKGROUND: In the UK and USA, government guidelines for childhood physical activity have been set (> or =60 min/day at > or =3 metabolic equivalents of thermogenesis (METs)), and body mass index (BMI) chosen as the outcome measure. AIM: To determine the extent to which physical activity at the government-recommended intensity is associated with change in body mass/fat and metabolic health in pre-pubertal children. METHODS: Non-intervention longitudinal study of 113 boys and 99 girls (born 1995/96) recruited from 54 schools. Physical activity (Actigraph accelerometers), changes in body mass (raw and age/gender-standardised BMI), fatness (skin-fold thickness and waist circumference) and metabolic status (insulin resistance, triglycerides, cholesterol/HDL ratio and blood pressure - separately and as a composite metabolic z score) were measured on four annual occasions (5, 6, 7 and 8 years). RESULTS: Mean physical activity did not change over time in either sex. Averaging the 7-day recordings from four time points rather than one increased the reliability of characterising a child's activity from 71% to 90%. Some 42% of boys and 11% of girls met the guideline. There were no associations between physical activity and changes in any measurement of body mass or fatness over time in either sex (eg, BMI standard deviation scores: r = -0.02, p = 0.76). However, there was a small to moderate inverse association between physical activity and change in composite metabolic score (r = -0.19, p<0.01). Mixed effects modelling showed that the improvement in metabolic score among the more active compared to the less active children was linear with time (-0.08 z scores/year, p = 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: In children, physical activity above the government-recommended intensity of 3 METs is associated with a progressive improvement in metabolic health but not with a change in BMI or fatness. Girls habitually undertake less physical activity than boys, questioning whether girls in particular should be encouraged to do more, or the recommendations adjusted for girls. FAU - Metcalf, B S
Metabolic response to exercise in childhood brain tumor survivors: A pilot controlled study.$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Survival rates in children diagnosed with malignant brain tumors exceed 70%. A higher risk of dyslipidemia, central obesity, and insulin resistance has been reported among these children. We investigated substrate utilization during submaximal exercise. DESIGN/METHODS: Ten brain tumor survivors and 10 healthy children were matched by sex, age, and Tanner stage. Participants completed a submaximal incremental exercise test to determine their fat and carbohydrate oxidation rates. RESULTS: The relative oxygen volume (VO(2) ) peak was significantly higher in the control group than in the survivors of childhood brain tumors (43.3 ± 11.9 and 32.4 ± 10.2 mL/kg /min, P = .04). At the same relative exercise intensity, there was no difference in the carbohydrate or lipid oxidation rate between the two groups, or in the maximal fat oxidation (MFO) rate, or in the heart rate or percentage of VO(2) peak to reach MFO. Healthy children achieved MFO at significantly higher muscular power than did brain tumor survivors (47.9 ± 20.8 and 21.8 ± 9.6 W, P = .003). CONCLUSION: Because child brain tumor survivors are less physically fit than healthy children, and substrate utilization during submaximal exercise is not different, physical activity should be promoted for child brain tumor survivors.
Elevated coagulation and inflammatory markers in adolescents with a history of premature adrenarche.$$$ Females with a history of premature adrenarche are at high risk of developing polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and features of the metabolic syndrome later in life. Coagulation disorders, subclinical inflammation, and oxidative stress have been reported in patients with PCOS and metabolic syndrome. These factors were studied in a group of adolescents with a history of premature adrenarche. This is a cross-sectional study that determined the biochemical-hormonal profile and indices of inflammation, coagulation, and oxidative stress in 45 adolescent girls with a history of premature adrenarche and 19 age- and body mass index-matched controls. Girls with premature adrenarche had hyperandrogenism and higher indices of insulin resistance than controls. They also had significantly higher C-reactive protein (0.76 +/- 0.65 vs 0.41 +/- 0.31 mg/L, P = .0001) and plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 (37.6 +/- 24.7 vs 24.47 +/- 4.6 ng/mL, P = .034), and lower tissue plasminogen activator values in comparison with controls (3.5 +/- 1.5 vs 5.2 +/- 2.12 ng/mL, P = .0019). Both C-reactive protein(r = 0.545, P = .0001) and plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 (r = 0.36, P = .04) were positively correlated with oxidative stress, whereas tissue plasminogen activator was positively correlated (r = 0.37, P = .02) with total antioxidant status. None of these factors was correlated with androgens or indices of insulin resistance. Adolescent girls with a history of premature adrenarche display metabolic deviations usually encountered in subjects with PCOS and metabolic syndrome, such as subclinical inflammation and fibrinolytic abnormalities. FAU - Livadas, Sarantis
Age-appropriate body mass index in children with achondroplasia: interpretation in relation to indexes of height.$$$ BACKGROUND: Achondroplasia is the most common short stature skeletal dysplasia, with an estimated worldwide prevalence of 250 000. Body mass index (BMI)-for-age references are required for weight management guidance for children with achondroplasia, whose body proportions are unlike those of the average stature population. OBJECTIVE: This study used weight and height data in a clinical setting to derive smoothed BMI-for-age percentile curves for children with achondroplasia and explored the relation of BMI with its components, weight and height. DESIGN: This was a longitudinal observational study of anthropometric measures of children with achondroplasia from birth through 16 y of age. RESULTS: The analysis included 1807 BMI data points from 280 children (155 boys, 125 girls) with achondroplasia. As compared with the BMI of peers of average stature, the BMI in children with achondroplasia is higher at birth, lacks a steep increase in infancy and a later nadir between 1 and 2 y of age, and remains substantially higher through 16 y of age in both sexes. Patterns of change in height and weight in children with achondroplasia are unique in that there is no overlap in the height distribution after 6 mo of age and no spike in height velocity during infancy or puberty-the 2 periods of greatest linear growth in individuals of average stature. CONCLUSIONS: Sex- and age-specific BMI curves are available for children with achondroplasia (birth to 16 y of age) for health surveillance and future research to determine associations with health outcomes (eg, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and indication for and outcome of surgery). FAU - Hoover-Fong, Julie E
[Hormonal, auxological and clinical follow-up in children with connatal HIV infection: personal records].$$$ Auxological and endocrinological complications frequently occur in children with connatal HIV infection. These complications seem to be related both to the infection itself and the antiretroviral therapy. Many children consequently show height-weight and pubertal retardation without any evidence of hormonal deficit. We studied 10 children with connatal HIV infection who were enrolled in this analysis and followed up for 7 years in order to evaluate their height-weight growth, pubertal maturation, bone age progression and hormonal pattern [basal Growth hormone (GH) and GH after Clonidine or Insulin stimulation, Insulin-like Growth Factor 1 (IGF-1), Insulin-like Growth Factor Binding Protein 3 (IGFBP-3), FSH, LH, ACTH and Cortisol, TSH, fT4, T4, T3, Ab-TGO, Leptin]. Three children showed a height lower than 3rd centile during the first two years of their life and in prepubertal age, with recurring improvement in their growth rate. Weight growth was very compromised in one girl, remaining firmly lower than 3rd centile during the follow-up. Three children presented a weight lower than 3rd centile until they were two years old. However, a height growth rate higher than 10th centile was found in nine children throughout the follow-up, while it was pathological in five children. The blood level of Leptin was higher at the beginning of the study: 0.82 - 11.68 ng/l (M+/-DS: 3.29+/-4.15) than at its conclusion: 0.2 - 3 ng/l (M+/-DS: 1.65+/-1.01). There was a statistically significant correlation between leptinemia and the CD4/CD8 count (p: 0.010; r: 0.916) and the CDC classification (p: 0.006; r: 0.937), indicating a strong relationship with the degree of virological and immunological impairment. The authors stress the importance of a careful height-weight growth rate control in HIV-infected children, as it reflects the clinical and virological course of the disease. Adequate control of the infection allows physiological growth in most patients. Moreover, we emphasize the utility of IGFBP-3 and IGF-1 measurements, since they represent growth markers which are more exact and better capable of reproduction than GH. FAU - Maggio, Maria Cristina
Functional Hypogonadotropic Hypogonadism in Men: Underlying Neuroendocrine Mechanisms and Natural History.$$$ CONTEXT: After completion of puberty a subset of men experience functional hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (FHH) secondary to excessive exercise or weight loss. This phenomenon is akin to hypothalamic amenorrhea (HA) in women, yet little is known about FHH in men. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the neuroendocrine mechanisms, genetics, and natural history underlying FHH. DESIGN: Retrospective study in an academic medical center. PARTICIPANTS: Healthy postpubertal men presenting with symptoms of hypogonadism in the setting of excessive exercise (>10 hours/week) or weight loss (>10% of body weight). Healthy age-matched men served as controls. INTERVENTIONS: Clinical assessment, biochemical and neuroendocrine profiling, body composition, semen analysis, and genetic evaluation of genes known to cause isolated GnRH deficiency. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Reproductive hormone levels, endogenous GnRH-induced LH pulse patterns, and rare genetic variants. RESULTS: Ten men with FHH were compared with 18 age-matched controls. Patients had significantly lower body mass index, testosterone, LH, and mean LH pulse amplitudes yet normal LH pulse frequency, serum FSH, and sperm counts. Some patients exhibited nocturnal, sleep-entrained LH pulses characteristic of early puberty, and one FHH subject showed a completely apulsatile LH secretion. After decreased exercise and weight gain, five men with men had normalized serum testosterone levels, and symptoms resolved. Rare missense variants in NSMF (n = 1) and CHD7 (n = 1) were identified in two men with FHH. CONCLUSIONS: FHH is a rare, reversible form of male GnRH deficiency. LH pulse patterns in male FHH are similar to those observed in women with HA. This study expands the spectrum of GnRH deficiency disorders in men.
A tale of two steroids: The importance of the androgens DHEA and DHEAS for early neurodevelopment.$$$ DHEA and DHEAS are neuroactive neurosteroids that interact with several major receptor systems in the brain, including sigma (σ), glutamate, and GABA-A receptors. It has been recognized as early as 1952, that the loss of DHEA/DHEAS in adult life is associated with neuropsychiatric disorders (eg schizophrenia, depression). However, the mechanistic role for DHEA/DHEAS in any of these domains remains speculative, not the least because the presence of these androgens in the adrenal gland and brain is largely confined to humans and only some non-human primates. DHEA and DHEAS are dynamically regulated from before birth and before the onset of puberty, and therefore an understanding of the synthesis, regulation, and functions of this important androgen pathway warrants attention. Here, we draw attention to the possible modulating influence of DHEA/DHEAS in early brain development from fetal life to the remarkable increase of these steroids in early childhood - the adrenarche. We propose that the pre-pubertal DHEA/DHEAS surge plays a key role in modulating early brain development, perhaps by prolonging brain plasticity during childhood to allow the pre-adolescent brain to adapt and re-wire in response to new, and ever-changing social challenges. Nonetheless, the aetiology of neurodevelopmental phenomena in relation to DHEA/DHEAS synthesis and action cannot be easily studied in humans due to the obvious ethical restrictions on mechanistic studies, the uncertainty of predicting the future mental characteristics of individuals, and the difficulty of conducting retrospective investigations based on pre-birth and/or neonatal complications. We discuss new opportunities for animal studies to resolve these important questions.
IGF-1 and IGFBP in congenital and acquired hypothyroidism after long-term replacement treatment.$$$ BACKGROUND: Thyroid hormones are involved in the regulation of the GH/IGF axis. Hypothyroidism is associated with a reduction in GH pulsatility and in GH-response to stimulatory tests. In hypothyroidism, serum levels of IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 fall and these changes are reversed after short term replacement with L-T4. This study was undertaken to determine the effect of long term replacement therapy with T4 in IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 serum levels. METHODS: The study included 12 patients affected with hypothyroidism and in replacement treatment with T4. They were divided into 3 groups according to age at the beginning of treatment. Group A consisted of 4 pre-pubertal subjects with Congenital Hypothyroidism (CH) diagnosed with neonatal screening, where T4 treatment was started within 15 days of life. Group B consisted of 5 young adults where CH was clinically diagnosed at the median age of 6 months and replacement therapy started at this age. Group C consisted of 3 subjects affected with hypothyroidism secondary to thyroiditis where diagnosis and replacement treatment were delayed at age 11, 12 and 14 respectively. All subjects were matched with a control of the same age, sex, weight and pubertal stage. RESULTS: FT3, FT4 and TSH were in the normal range both in patients and in controls. No correlation was found between FT3 or FT4 and IGF-1 or IGFBP-3 serum levels. IGF-1 serum levels in group A (198 +/- 122 ng/ml) were significantly lower than that in group B (624 +/- 105, p < 0.001) and in group C (649 +/- 98, p = 0.003). IGFBP-3 serum levels in group A (1.98 +/- 0.56 micrograms/ml) were significantly lower than in group B (3.65 +/- 1.10, p = 0.03) and in group C (4.13 +/- 0.49, p = 0.003). The increase in IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 levels was seen also in control groups B and C when compared with control group A. IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 were positively correlated with age both in patients and in controls. A linear correlation was found between IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 which was positive for controls (r = 0.946, p < 0.001) and patient group A and B (r = 0.839, p = 0.005) but tended to be negative for patient group C (r = -0.65, n.s.). CONCLUSIONS: Our data demonstrate that long term replacement therapy in children with hypothyroidism is associated with a physiological increase in IGF-1 and IGFBP-3. The positive correlation between IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 levels in group A and B confirm the efficacy of long term replacement treatment on the IGF-1/BP-3 axis in pre- and post-pubertal patients treated for CH. However, this correlation tended to be negative in patients with hypothyroidism secondary to thyroiditis, suggesting that the cause of thyroid insufficiency and/or the age at the beginning of replacement therapy may have a role in the post-pubertal hormonal status in IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 balance. FAU - Bona, G
Early steroid withdrawal in pediatric renal transplant on newer immunosuppressive drugs.$$$ Steroids have been a cornerstone in renal transplant immunosuppression. New immunosuppressive drugs have led to protocols using early steroid withdrawal or complete avoidance. A prospective protocol in 23 pediatric renal transplant (ages 2-14 yr) who received decreasing steroid doses stopping at day 7 post-Tx, FK, and MMF were compared with a CsA, AZT, historically matched steroid-based control group. Basiliximab was used in two doses. Anthropometric, biochemical variables, AR rates, and CMV infection were evaluated and compared using Student's t-test and regression analysis. A better growth pattern was seen in steroid withdrawal group. GFR rate and serum glucose were similar in both groups. Total serum cholesterol levels were significantly lower in steroid withdrawal group. The incidence of AR at 12 months was 4.3% in steroid withdrawal group vs. 8.6% in steroid-based group (p = ns). No difference in CMV infection was observed. Hemoglobin levels were low during the first months in both groups; reached normal values after six months. SBP became higher at 12 months in steroid-based group. Patient and graft survival was 98% in both groups at one-yr post-transplant. Early steroid withdrawal was efficacious, safe, and did not increase risk of rejection, preserving optimal growth, renal function, and reducing cardiovascular risk factors. FAU - Delucchi, Angela
Association of aromatase (CYP 19) gene variation with features of hyperandrogenism in two populations of young women.$$$ BACKGROUND: Aromatase catalyses the conversion of androgens to estrogens and thus variation in the aromatase gene could contribute to female syndromes of androgen excess, such as precocious pubarche (PP) and polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS). METHODS: Two groups, one case-control containing girls from Barcelona, Spain with PP (n = 186) or healthy controls (n = 71), and the other a population study of young women from Oxford, UK, who volunteered for a study of normal women's health (n = 109), were genotyped at four aromatase gene haplotype-tag single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP). Clinical features and hormone concentrations relevant to hyperandrogenism were compared across haplotypes or genotypes. RESULTS: Distributions of aromatase haplotypes (P < 0.0001) and aromatase SNP_50 genotype (P = 0.001) were significantly different between PP girls and Spanish controls. The AGGG haplotype was associated with an odds ratio (95% confidence interval) of 0.5 (0.3-0.9) (P = 0.005) for the presence of PP compared to GAGG. In 84 post-pubertal PP girls, aromatase haplotype was associated with functional ovarian hyperandrogenism (P < 0.05), independently of insulin sensitivity. In the Oxford population, SNP_50 was associated with variation in PCOS symptom score (P = 0.008) and circulating testosterone concentrations (P = 0.02). CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that common variation at the aromatase gene (and not just rare loss-of-function mutations) is associated with androgen excess in girls and young women. FAU - Petry, C J
Objective Sleep Characteristics and Cardiometabolic Health in Young Adolescents. LID - 10.1542/peds.2017-4085 [doi] LID - e20174085$$$ : media-1vid110.1542/5778442247001PEDS-VA_2017-4085Video Abstract BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Shorter sleep duration is associated with childhood obesity. Few studies measure sleep quantity and quality objectively or examine cardiometabolic biomarkers other than obesity. METHODS: This cross-sectional study of 829 adolescents derived sleep duration, efficiency and moderate-to-vigorous physical activity from >5 days of wrist actigraphy recording for >10 hours/day. The main outcome was a metabolic risk score (mean of 5 sex-specific z-scores for waist circumference, systolic blood pressure, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol scaled inversely, and log-transformed triglycerides and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance), for which higher scores indicate greater metabolic risk. Secondary outcomes included score components and dual-energy radiograph absorptiometry fat mass. We measured socioeconomic status, race and/or ethnicity, pubertal status, and obesity-related behaviors (television-viewing and fast food and sugar-sweetened beverage consumption) using questionnaires. RESULTS: The sample was 51.5% girls; mean (SD) age 13.2 (0.9) years, median (interquartile range) sleep duration was 441.1 (54.8) minutes per day and sleep efficiency was 84.0% (6.3). Longer sleep duration was associated with lower metabolic risk scores (-0.11 points; 95% CI: -0.19 to -0.02, per interquartile range). Associations with sleep efficiency were similar and persisted after adjustment for BMI z score and physical activity, television-viewing, and diet quality. Longer sleep duration and greater sleep efficiency were also favorably associated with waist circumference, systolic blood pressure, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and fat mass. CONCLUSIONS: Longer sleep duration and higher sleep efficiency were associated with a more favorable cardiometabolic profile in early adolescence, independent of other obesity-related behaviors. These results support the need to assess the role of sleep quantity and quality interventions as strategies for improving cardiovascular risk profiles of adolescents.
Serum resistin correlates with central obesity but weakly with insulin resistance in Chinese children and adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Resistin has been linked with obesity and hypothesized as a potential marker of insulin resistance in addition to being linked with acute inflammation. However, these links are still highly controversial in humans. Our goal was to examine resistin levels in relation to obesity, insulin resistance and inflammation markers in a large population of Asian children and adolescents. METHODS: Children and adolescents (n=3472) aged 6-18 years, boys (n=1765) and girls (n=1707), were assessed for body size parameters, pubertal development, blood lipids, glucose, insulin, resistin, C-reactive protein (CRP), adiponectin and complement C3 (C3) levels. RESULTS: Resistin increased with central obesity in both genders but not with simple adiposity in boys. Several markers associated with central obesity correlated in a gender-specific fashion with plasma resistin. Waist circumference, fat-mass percentage, waist-to-height ratio and body mass index (BMI) positively correlated with resistin in both genders. Blood lipids such as triglycerides, nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, diastolic and systolic blood pressure correlated positively with resistin in boys. NEFA, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (negatively) and inflammation markers, such as CRP and C3, positively correlated with resistin in girls. There was no correlation between resistin and adiponectin, and no association of adiponectin with resistin quintiles in either boys or girls. In both boys and girls, resistin tended to decrease with age, with girls having higher levels than boys. Few indices of insulin resistance were linked with plasma resistin in either gender. CONCLUSION: In this population, plasma resistin levels are a weak biochemical marker of metabolic dysfunction defined by central obesity, adiposity and inflammation and does not predict insulin resistance. Only a small proportion of resistin variation can be explained by factors related to metabolic syndrome, suggesting that resistin is not strongly implicated in a concentration-dependent fashion in any of the examined pathologies. FAU - Li, M
Association between Dietary Calcium Intake and Adiposity in Male Adolescents. LID - 10.3390/nu11071454 [doi] LID - 1454$$$ The aim was to investigate the possible association of dietary calcium intake with adiposity, insulin resistance, and adipocytokine values in adolescent boys. In this cross-sectional study, participants were 123 adolescent boys aged 13-15 years, who were divided into tertiles according to their dietary calcium intake. Dietary calcium intake was assessed using three 24 h dietary recalls. In addition, energy intake, body composition, physical activity (PA), and blood biochemical values were also measured. Mean body fat%, fat mass (FM), trunk FM, trunk fat%, and leptin differed between high and low tertiles of calcium intake after adjustment for age, pubertal stage, and PA. For the entire cohort, mean calcium intake was 786 ± 380 mg/day and was related to body mass index (BMI), FM, and trunk fat% but not to insulin resistance or adipocytokine values after adjusting for possible confounders. In addition, only 15.4% of the participants obtained or exceeded their mean dietary calcium intake requirements. These subjects who met their dietary calcium intake had significantly lower body fat% in comparison with subjects not meeting their dietary calcium intake. Odds ratio of being in the highest tertile of FM, trunk FM, and trunk fat% was 3.2-4.4 (95% confidence interval 1.19-12.47; p < 0.05) times higher for boys in low calcium intake tertile, compared to those boys in high calcium intake tertile. In conclusion, dietary calcium intake is inversely associated with total body and abdominal adiposity values in a specific group of healthy male adolescents with different body mass values. FAU - Jürimäe, Jaak
Diet and endometrial cancer: a case-control study.$$$ A case-control study of 168 cases with endometrial cancer and 334 controls was conducted in Birmingham, Alabama, between June 1985 and December 1988. Cases were identified at the University of Alabama Hospital and in a private practice; controls were selected from among women who attended the University optometry clinic. A food frequency questionnaire that evaluated the intake of 55 nutrients and 116 foods was obtained for 103 cases and 236 controls. Logistic regression was used to evaluate the effect of diet on endometrial cancer after adjustment for total calories, age, race, education, obesity, smoking status, age at menarche, number of pregnancies, age at menopause, diabetes, hypertension, and use of exogenous estrogens. High intake of certain micronutrients was associated with a decreased risk of endometrial cancer: the odds ratio for subjects in the upper tertile versus those in the lower tertile was 0.4 for both carotene and nitrate (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.2-0.8 and 0.2-0.9, respectively). There also was an inverse association between endometrial cancer and protein consumption (trend test; p = 0.002), and a moderate direct association with cholesterol intake (OR = 1.9, 95% CI 0.9-3.7) when terms for both these macronutrients were included in a logistic model. Total intake of animal and vegetable fat were not associated with endometrial cancer. More frequent consumption of several vegetables and certain dairy products was associated with a statistically significant decreased risk of endometrial cancer. These results suggest that diet plays an important role in the etiology of endometrial cancer. FAU - Barbone, F
Increasing thyroid-stimulating hormone is associated with impaired glucose metabolism in euthyroid obese children and adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: Contrasting data exist regarding the relationship between thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) and obesity-related risk factors in children. In the present study, we investigated the association between TSH, free T4 (fT4) and cardiometabolic risk factors in euthyroid obese children and adolescents. METHODS: A retrospective analysis of patient records was performed on data from 703 multi-ethnic obese children and adolescents who visited an obesity-outpatient clinic. We performed anthropometric measurements, an oral glucose tolerance test, and measured serum TSH, fT4 and lipid levels. RESULTS: A positive association between TSH and the standard deviation score of the body mass index (BMI-Z) was found. After adjustment for ethnicity, sex, pubertal stage and BMI-Z, logistic regression analysis showed significant associations between TSH levels and impaired fasting glucose, impaired glucose tolerance, high total cholesterol, high low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and high triglycerides. No significant associations between fT4 levels and cardiometabolic risk factors were found in linear/logistic regression analysis. CONCLUSION: In our multi-ethnic cohort of euthyroid obese children and adolescents increasing TSH was associated with impaired glucose metabolism and dyslipidemia. FAU - Radhakishun, Nalini N E
Effects of 1-year growth hormone replacement therapy on thyroid volume and function of the children and adolescents with idiopathic growth hormone deficiency.$$$ BACKGROUND: There are different opinions about the effects of growth hormone replacement therapy (GHRT) on thyroid function and volume. This study aimed to assess the effects of GHRT on thyroid volume and function in the children and adolescents with growth hormone (GH) deficiency. METHODS: A total of 29 patients diagnosed with GH deficiency were enrolled in the study. The control group consisted of 29 cases matched for age, gender and pubertal period with the patients. Thyroid function tests and insulin-like growth factor levels were measured, simultaneously thyroid volumes were assessed by ultrasonography at the initiation period and at the end of GHRT. RESULTS: Thyroid volumes of the patient group was -0.55±1.1 standard deviations (SDs) initially; whereas at the end of 1 year it was found to be -0.29±1.29 SDs and both SDs of thyroid volumes did not differ significantly. The SDs of thyroid volume of the control group was -0.85±1.03 SDs initially and -0.72±0.85 SDs at the end of 1 year; and they did not differ significantly. On the other hand, after GHRT of 1 year, thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) and free thyroxine (T4) levels decreased. CONCLUSIONS: It was observed that SDs of thyroid gland volumes did not change in GH deficient children and adolescents after GHRT. FAU - Keskin, Meliksah
Effects of acute endotoxemia on serum somatotropin and insulin-like growth factor I concentrations in prepubertal gilts.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate effects of endotoxemia on serum somatotropin (ST) and insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) concentrations in finishing pigs. ANIMALS: Eight female pigs (98 +/- 2 kg) randomly assigned to IV administration (time 0) of saline solution (n = 4) or Escherichia coli lipopolysaccharide (LPS; 5 micrograms/kg of body weight; n = 4). PROCEDURE: Serum ST concentration was determined in serum samples obtained at 20-minute intervals for 6 hours after treatment. Serum IGF-I concentration was determined in samples collected at 1-hour intervals for 6 hours and at 12, 15, 18, 24, 48, 72, and 96 hours after treatment. RESULTS: One distinct pulse of ST (peak 10.5 +/- 0.5 ng/ml) was observed at 40 minutes in each pig after administration of LPS. Control pigs had 2.25 +/- 0.48 ST pulses during the 6 hours of frequent sample collection; however, magnitude of the ST pulses was similar between gilts given LPS and control gilts. A temporal association between ST pulses and saline administration was not evident. Serum IGF-I concentration was similar between gilts of the LPS and control groups prior to treatment. The IGF-I concentration was similar between gilts of the LPS and control groups prior to treatment. The IGF-I concentration was lower (P < 0.01) in gilts of the LPS group (44 +/- 5 ng/ml) than in gilts of the control group (157 +/- 4 ng/ml) at 24 hours. The difference in IGF-I concentrations between groups was evident for 96 hours. CONCLUSIONS: Immediate release of ST was attributed to stress associated with acute endotoxemia and stimulation of the pituitary gland; immune stimulation by LPS may have contributed to the changes in IGF-I concentration. Because feed consumption was similar between the 2 groups of pigs, suppression of IGF-I concentration for 96 hours after administration of LPS was attributable to factors in addition to transient feed restriction. Thus, acute endotoxemia altered the positive association between ST and IGF-I, and provided evidence for a potential mechanism of impaired growth in endotoxemic animals. FAU - Hevener, W
Opposing influences of prenatal and postnatal weight gain on adrenarche in normal boys and girls.$$$ Associations between low birth weight and higher adrenal androgen secretion before puberty have yet only been reported in case-control studies in girls. We examined the influence of birth weight and early postnatal weight gain on overnight-fasting adrenal androgen and cortisol levels in 770 children from a large normal United Kingdom birth cohort at age 8 yr. In univariate analyses, adrenal androgen levels were inversely related to birth weight sd score in each sex [dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate in boys: regression coefficient (B) = -2.5 microg/dl/SD; 95% confidence interval (CI), -4.7 to -0.2; in girls: B = -3.8 microg/dl/SD; 95% CI, -6.2 to -1.4; androstenedione in boys: B = -0.15 nmol/liter/sd, 95% CI, -0.25 to -0.6; in girls: B = -0.13 nmol/liter/SD; 95% CI, -0.24 to -0.02). In multivariate analyses, both lower birth weight and larger current body weight predicted higher adrenal androgen levels (P < 0.005 for all comparisons). Allowing for current weight, children who showed rapid postnatal weight gain between 0 and 3 yr had higher dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (P = 0.002) and androstenedione (P = 0.004) levels at 8 yr. In contrast, cortisol levels were unrelated to birth weight or current body size. In summary, the relationship between lower birth weight and higher childhood adrenal androgen levels was continuous throughout the range of normal birth weights, and was similar in boys and girls. Adrenal androgen levels were highest in small infants who gained weight rapidly during early childhood. We suggest that higher adrenal androgen secretion could contribute to links between early growth and adult disease risks, possibly by enhancing insulin resistance and central fat deposition. FAU - Ong, Ken K
Pituitary incidentalomas in paediatric age are different from those described in adulthood.$$$ PURPOSE: Guidelines on pituitary incidentalomas evaluation and management are limited to adults since there are no data on this matter in the paediatric population. We aim to analyse the morphologic characteristics, hormonal profile and follow-up of these lesions in children. METHODS: We have searched for pituitary incidentalomas in the neuroimaging reports and electronic medical records of the Paediatric Endocrinology Clinic of our centre. Patients with 18 years-old or less were included. RESULTS: Forty-one incidentalomas were identified, 25 of them (62.4%) in females. The mean age at diagnosis was 12.0 ± 4.96 years-old. Headaches were the main reason that led to image acquisition (51.2%) and MRI was the imaging method that detected the majority of the incidentalomas (70.7%). The most prevalent lesion was pituitary hypertrophy (29.3%), which was mainly diagnosed in female adolescents (91.7%), followed by arachnoid cysts (17.1%), pituitary adenomas (14.6%) and Rathke's cleft cysts (12.2%). Most patients (90.2%) did not present clinical or laboratorial findings of hypopituitarism or hormonal hypersecretion. Four patients presented endocrine dysfunction: three had growth hormone deficiency and one had a central precocious puberty. Twenty-three patients (56.1%) underwent imagiological revaluation during a median follow-up time of 24.6 months (interquartile range 5.07). None of them presented dimensional progression. CONCLUSIONS: To the best of our knowledge, this is the first series of pituitary incidentalomas in pediatric age. Comparing our series with those conducted in adults, we have observed a higher preponderance of pituitary hypertrophy over adenomas, a lower prevalence of hormonal hyper/hyposecretion and lower risk of dimensional progression during follow-up. FAU - Souteiro, Pedro
[Subclinical atheroesclerosis and metabolic syndrome in children].$$$ INTRODUCTION: Metabolic syndrome (MS) in children has been associated to subclinical atherosclerosis as estimated by carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT). OBJECTIVES: We aim to ascertain the influence of MS, insulin resistance (IR) and nutritional status on CIMT. Percentiles with an increased risk of CIMT were also explored. METHODS: A cross-sectional study of 447 children attending public schools in Santiago, Chile, was performed during years 2009-2011. This sample was selected considering the presence of one or more MS component and IR. Anthropometry and BP were assessed. A blood sample for determination of glycemia, insulinemia and lipids was taken. CIMT was assessed using high resolution ultrasonography with automated software. Pearson correlation, Student's t-test, Chisquared test, and stepwise logistic regression were computed. RESULTS: Mean age was 11.5 ± 1.0 years old (range 10- 14); 59% girls; 93% pubertal; 72% excess weight; 24% MS; and 15% IR. Mean values of MS components in children with CIMT ≥ percentile 75 versus < percentile 75 had differences for systolic BP or diastolic BP ≥ percentile 90 (BP ≥ percentile 90) and high density lipoproteins cholesterol ≤ 40 mg/dL (CHDL ≤ 40 mg/dL). The logistic regression for CIMT ≥ percentile 75 only selected BP ≥ percentile 90 and CHDL ≤ 40 mg/dL. The logistic regression for CIMT ≥ percentile 90 did not select independent variables. CONCLUSIONS: In this group of children BP ≥ percentile 90 and CHDL ≤ 40 mg/dL values were associated to CIMT ≥ percentile 75. Influences of IR and nutritional status on CIMT were not found.
Impaired reproductive function in women treated for growth hormone deficiency during childhood.$$$ OBJECTIVE: There are limited data which suggest that disturbance of reproductive function may occur in GH-deficient women. We have evaluated the consequences of growth hormone (GH) deficiency on reproductive function in women treated for GH deficiency during childhood. DESIGN: Questionnaires were sent to 73 GH-deficient women who had been treated for GH deficiency during childhood. The response rate was 82%. These 60 women were then visited to obtain further information concerning their reproductive status. During these visits, blood samples were obtained from 39 women, to evaluate their hormonal status, and 29 of them had a standard insulin tolerance test (ITT), as part of an adult GH substitution trial. Paediatric and gynaecological records were evaluated in all 60 women. SUBJECTS: Sixty GH-deficient women treated in childhood for this deficiency were included in the study. The median age at follow up was 27 years (range 20-43). GH treatment had been discontinued for 9 years (range 2-26). MEASUREMENTS: In the questionnaire and during the visit, attention was paid to GH treatment, pubertal development, menstrual cycle disturbances and fertility. In the 39 blood samples IGF-1, IGFBP-3, TSH, T4 and T3 were measured. GH responses were measured by a standard ITT. RESULTS: Thirty-four women showed no spontaneous pubertal development. Of the 26 women who did, menarche occurred in 39% at the age of 16 years or older. At the time of the study, menstrual cycles in these 26 women were as follows: 12 had regular menstrual cycles, three had developed secondary amenorrhoea after discontinuation of GH treatment, five had irregular menstrual cycles and six had oligomenorrhoea. The 34 women with disturbed pubertal development and the three with secondary amenorrhoea were infertile because of hypogonadotrophism. Only 13 out of 60 women desired pregnancy or had been pregnant. Three with regular menstrual cycles had primary infertility. Ten had ovulation induced or IVF. Six of these became pregnant after 1-7 cycles. Three were still under treatment, the duration of their treatment varying from 3 to 7 years. One woman discontinued treatment. At the time of the study, nine women had actually conceived. Five out of ten completed pregnancies resulted in Caesarian sections because of cephalo-pelvic disproportion or arrest of labour. During the ITT three of 29 women showed GH responses exceeding 5 micrograms/l (10 mU/l), ruling out complete GH deficiency. Higher GH peaks (NS), IGF-1 (P , 0.01) and IGFBP-3 (P < 0.01) levels were found in women with regular menstrual cycles, compared to women using sex-steroid substitution and amenorrhoeic women. CONCLUSIONS: From this study, it can be concluded that disturbances in reproductive function can be expected in women treated for GH deficiency during childhood, so it is advisable to inform these women of this possibility and to maintain follow-up after discontinuation of GH treatment. Whether the somatotrophic axis exerts a direct effect on ovarian function or whether more severe GH deficiency is more frequently accompanied by disturbances in gonadotrophin secretion still has to be elucidated. FAU - de Boer, J A
Neck circumference and clustered cardiovascular risk factors in children and adolescents: cross-sectional study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Early detection of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors, such as obesity, is crucial to prevent adverse long-term effects on individuals' health. Therefore, the aims were: (1) to explore the robustness of neck circumference (NC) as a predictor of CVD and examine its association with numerous anthropometric and body composition indices and (2) to release sex and age-specific NC cut-off values to classify youths as overweight/obese. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SETTING: 23 primary schools and 17 secondary schools from Spain. PARTICIPANTS: 2198 students (1060 girls), grades 1-4 and 7-10. MEASURES: Pubertal development, anthropometric and body composition indices, systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SBP and DBP, respectively), cardiorespiratory fitness, blood sampling triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c), glucose and inflammatory markers. Homoeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR) and cluster of CVD risk factors were calculated. RESULTS: NC was negatively associated with maximum oxygen consumption (R2=0.231, P<0.001 for boys; R2=0.018, P<0.001 for girls) and adiponectin (R2=0.049, P<0.001 for boys; R2=0.036, P<0.001 for girls); and positively associated with SBP, DBP, TC/HDL-c, TG, HOMA, complement factors C-3 and C-4, leptin and clustered CVD risk factor in both sexes (R2 from 0.035 to 0.353, P<0.01 for boys; R2 from 0.024 to 0.215, P<0.001 for girls). Moreover, NC was positively associated with serum C reactive protein and LDL-c only in boys (R2 from 0.013 to 0.055, P<0.05). CONCLUSION: NC is a simple, low-cost and practical screening tool of excess of upper body obesity and CVD risk factors in children and adolescents. Paediatricians can easily use it as a screening tool for overweight/obesity in children and adolescents. For this purpose, sex and age-specific thresholds to classify children and adolescents as normal weight or overweight/obese are provided.
Time to recognize atypical celiac disease in Indian children.$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: There is scant information about atypical (non-diarrheal) presentation of celiac disease (CD) from India. We conducted this study to compare non-diarrheal and diarrheal presentations of CD in children. METHODS: From November 2003 to December 2005, we prospectively screened two groups of children for CD, group I with diarrhea and group II without diarrhea but with atypical presentations (unexplained growth retardation, refractory anemia, refractory rickets, chronic constipation and abdominal distension). Screening was done with IgA antiendomysial antibody (EMA) followed by duodenal biopsy if EMA was positive. Celiac disease was diagnosed according to modified ESPGHAN criteria. RESULTS: A total of 200 children were screened (103 in group I and 97 in group II) and CD was diagnosed in 42 (classical 24, atypical 18). Presentation of atypical CD were; short stature 6, anemia 4, abdominal distension 3, rickets 2, and constipation, diabetes mellitus, delayed puberty in 1 case each. Patients with atypical CD were older (median age 10.4 years vs 5.5 years, p< 0.007) than classical cases. On mean (SD) follow-up of 12.6 (7.5) months all showed response to gluten-free-diet, and median gain in weight, height and final hemoglobin levels were similar in the two groups. CONCLUSION: Atypical CD is not uncommon in India. Children with atypical CD present at an older age. Likelihood of finding CD is high in children with anemia, short stature and rickets. FAU - Sharma, Abhinav
The comparative growth of Efe pygmies and African farmers from birth to age 5 years.$$$ Recent studies of African pygmies have concluded that the pattern of pygmy growth is similar to that of other Africans up to the time of puberty and that the short stature of adult pygmies is due primarily, if not solely, to the absence of accelerated adolescent growth. These conclusions are thought to be consistent with biochemical studies showing pygmies to have low levels of insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1). All previous pygmy-growth studies have been of subjects of estimated, not known age. This paper reports the results of a mixed longitudinal growth study of Efe pygmy children of known age from birth to age 5 years. The mean adult stature of Efe pygmies is the shortest of any human population known, including other pygmy populations of central Africa. At birth, Efe were significantly smaller than neighbouring Lese Sudanic-speaking farmers and other rural Africans. During the first 5 years of life, Efe not only remained shorter than Lese controls at all ages, but the difference in stature between them increased. Unlike the Lese, Efe children showed a trend of increasingly negative z scores compared with the American reference population, from -2.71 (SD = 0.93) at 6 months to -4.16 (SD = 0.46) at age 5 years. These results indicate that suppression of pygmy growth does not occur solely at puberty, but from birth onward. Furthermore, they suggest that conclusions concerning the lack of an adolescent pygmy growth spurt have been premature and must await studies of older pygmy sub-adults of known age. FAU - Bailey, R C
[Prevalence and determinants of obesity and overweight among reproductive age women living in the semi-arid region of Brazil].$$$ The study estimated the prevalence and determinants of overweight and obesity in women of reproductive age in the Semi-Arid Region of Brazil. In the cluster sampling of 8,000 households of the state of Ceará, 6,845 women were surveyed. Overweight and obesity were measured by the body mass index and risk factors identified by multivariate analysis. The prevalences of overweight and obesity were 32.6% and 16.1%, respectively. After adjusted analysis, obesity was positively associated with age>30 years (PR=1.55), marital status, married (PR=1.36), elementary education (PR=1.40), age at menarche<12 years (OR=1.59), having >1 child (PR=1.65) and contraceptive use (PR=1.31). Specific health and nutritional conditions were identified as highly associated to morbid obesity: hypertension (PR=3.11), diabetes (PR=2.08), dissatisfaction with body image (PR=4.26) and procedures for weight loss (PR=2.73). The study concluded that overweight and obesity are highly prevalent in the Semi-Arid Region of Brazil. Education was the only socioeconomic determinant considered as amenable to change. The reproductive risk factors identified enforce the need to mobilize the services of prenatal and postpartum care and family planning to prevent and control obesity. FAU - Correia, Luciano Lima
Assessment of Leydig and Sertoli cell functions in infants with nonmosaic Klinefelter syndrome: insulin-like peptide 3 levels are normal and positively correlated with LH levels.$$$ CONTEXT: Klinefelter syndrome (KS) is the most common sex chromosome disorder and a major cause of male infertility. In adult patients, serum inhibin B and anti-Mullerian-hormone (AMH) are undetectable, testosterone secretion is often impaired, and the tubules are depleted of germ cells. Before puberty, inhibin B, AMH, and testosterone levels are within the normal range. OBJECTIVE: Sertoli and Leydig cell secretions, including insulin-like peptide-3 (INSL3), were evaluated in infants with nonmosaic XXY karyotype to assess testicular function soon after birth. DESIGN: The study was conducted in four University Pediatric Departments from the United States and France. SUBJECTS: Sixty-eight prenatally diagnosed infants aged 2-750 d were enrolled. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Serum FSH, LH, inhibin B, AMH, and INSL3 were measured by immunoassay, and testosterone was measured by tandem mass-spectrometry. RESULTS: In infants with KS, INSL3 levels transiently increased at 2-3 months of age and were significantly correlated with testosterone (Spearman r = 0.57) and LH (Spearman r = 0.73) levels. They did not differ from controls. Testosterone levels were within the normal range, but most of them were below the median of controls. Inhibin B and AMH levels were also within normal range. Inhibin B was correlated with FSH (Spearman r = 0.49). AMH was not correlated with FSH or testosterone. FSH levels were above normal in 25% of patients, despite normal inhibin B levels. CONCLUSIONS: In infants with KS, Leydig cells are normally sensitive to the LH proliferative effect. In contrast, the Sertoli cell sensitivity to FSH is questionable, which may be prophetic of the postpubertal Sertoli cell resistance to FSH. FAU - Cabrol, Sylvie
GNRH analog therapy in girls with early puberty is associated with the achievement of predicted final height but also with increased risk of polycystic ovary syndrome.$$$ OBJECTIVE: GNRH analog (GNRHa) therapy has not been supported by beneficial effects on adult stature in girls with early puberty. Furthermore, an increased prevalence of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) has been described in girls treated for central precocious puberty. Women with PCOS are at increased risk of cardiometabolic dysfunctions and infertility. Our aim was to assess GNRHa effectiveness on reaching adult stature and the risk of PCOS in girls with early puberty. DESIGN: Longitudinal study of GNRHa-treated and GNRHa-untreated girls at baseline and at final height. METHODS: Twenty-five GNRHa-treated girls and 55 controls were compared. Insulin resistance (IR; homeostasis model assessment of IR (HOMA-IR) and glucose-to-insulin ratio (G/I)), the effect of GNRHa on final height, and the prevalence of PCOS were assessed. RESULTS: In GNRHa-treated girls, no significant difference was found between predicted final height and final height, whereas a significant difference was detected in untreated girls (P=0.0001). At final height, GNRHa-treated girls showed higher HOMA-IR and lower G/I (P=0.03 for both) as well as higher DHEAS and androstenedione levels (P=0.02 and P=0.01 respectively) than untreated girls. The prevalence of PCOS and hyperandrogenemia was significantly higher in GNRHa-treated adolescents than in untreated adolescents (36 and 14.5% respectively, P=0.04; 56 and 23.6% respectively, P=0.01). Finally, gonadotropin-suppressive therapy was significantly related to PCOS during adolescence (P=0.03). CONCLUSIONS: In girls with early puberty, GNRHa therapy is associated with the achievement of predicted final height; nevertheless, this treatment seems to act as an independent risk factor for the development of PCOS already during adolescence. FAU - Chiavaroli, Valentina
Bone loss and vitamin D deficiency in children undergoing hematopoietic cell transplantation.$$$ BACKGROUND: Hematopoietic cell transplantation (HCT) may be detrimental to bone health and vitamin D status in children. PROCEDURE: We conducted a prospective, multicenter cohort study to identify changes in bone health markers during the first 100 days after allogeneic HCT in 26 children. Bone mineral density (BMD), bone mineral content (BMC), and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25OHD) concentrations were measured at baseline, 30 days, and 100 days after HCT. RESULTS: Mean (SD) BMD and BMC Z-scores (-0.48 ± 1.09 and -0.98 ± 1.26, respectively) were normal at baseline. Repeated-measures analysis revealed significant declines in BMD and BMC Z-scores over the 100 day study period, when adjusted for age, sex, Tanner stage, lean mass, fat mass, resting energy expenditure, total energy intake, insulin sensitivity, serum phosphorus, and inpatient steroid intake. Adjusted mean (SE) 25OHD concentrations declined from 29.2 (3.1) ng/ml at baseline, to 17.7 (1.8) ng/ml at 100 days after HCT. Vitamin D deficiency (25OHD <20 ng/ml) was present in 50% of patients 100 days after HCT. CONCLUSIONS: Significant bone loss and vitamin D deficiency occur in children in the first 100 days following allogeneic HCT. Strategies to diminish acute bone loss during HCT in children are needed.
Association of serum triglyceride-to-HDL cholesterol ratio with carotid artery intima-media thickness, insulin resistance and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in children and adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: The triglyceride (TG)/high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) ratio has been reported as a useful marker of atherogenic lipid abnormalities, insulin resistance, and cardiovascular disease. We evaluated in a large sample of children and adolescents the association of TG/HDL-C ratio with early signs of morphological vascular changes and cardiometabolic risk factors including nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). METHODS AND RESULTS: The study population, including 548 children (aged 6-16 years), of whom 157 were normal-weight, 118 overweight, and 273 obese, had anthropometric, laboratory, liver and carotid ultrasonography (carotid artery intima-media thickness-cIMT) data collected. Subjects were stratified into tertiles of TG/HDL-C. There was a progressive increase in body mass index (BMI), BMI-SD score (SDS), waist circumference, blood pressure (BP), liver enzymes, glucose, insulin, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), and cIMT values across TG/HDL-C tertiles. The odds ratios for central obesity, insulin resistance, high hsCRP, NAFLD, metabolic syndrome, and elevated cIMT increased significantly with the increasing tertile of TG/HDL-C ratio, after adjustment for age, gender, pubertal status, and BMI-SDS. In a stepwise multivariate logistic regression analysis, increased cIMT was associated with high TG/HDL-C ratio [OR, 1.81 (95% CI, 1.08-3.04); P < 0.05], elevated BP [5.13 (95% CI, 1.03-15.08); P < 0.05], insulin resistance [2.16 (95% CI, 1.30-3.39); P < 0.01], and NAFLD [2.70 (95% CI, 1.62-4.56); P < 0.01]. CONCLUSION: TG/HDL-C ratio may help identify children and adolescents at high risk for structural vascular changes and metabolic derangement.
[Not Available].$$$ BACKGROUND: Vaspin is a newly-identifi ed adipocytokine associated with insulin resistance (IR). OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate the correlation between plasma vaspin concentrations and IR and determine whether this association is affected by body composition, physical activity and pubertal stage in adolescents. METHODS: Were studied 484 Brazilian adolescents aged 10-14 years whose anthropometric, clinical, biochemical, and lifestyle measurements were analized. We evaluated the correlation between vaspin and risk factors for IR in adolescents with normal and high body fat percentage (%BF) and did a logistic regression to calculate the odds ratio for IR according to vaspin quartiles sex specifi c for the sample. RESULTS: Vaspin was positively correlated with IR in adolescents with high %BF (r = 0.23, p = 0.003). The logistic regression analysis adjusted for sex, age, BMI, and pubertal stage showed that adolescents in the 2nd (OR = 0.43, 95% CI = 0.23-0.80, p = 0.008) and 3rd (OR = 0.46, 95% CI = 0.25-0.85, p = 0.014) quartile of vaspin concentration had a lower risk for IR. When the model was adjusted for %BF and physical activity, the association remained statically signifi cant only for adolescents in the 2nd quartile. CONCLUSION: Vaspin was correlated positively with risk factors associated with insulin metabolism in adolescents with high %BF. Vaspin was associated with a reduced risk of IR independently of BMI and pubertal stage and the association was infl uenced by body fat and physical activity in these adolescents. FAU - Pala, Daniela
Nutrition and diet in the etiology of endometrial cancer.$$$ The risk of endometrial cancer in relation to nutrition and frequency of consumption of a few selected dietary items was evaluated in a case-control study of 206 patients with endometrial cancer and 206 control subjects with acute conditions unrelated to any of the established or potential risk factors for endometrial cancer. Obesity was strongly and positively associated with the risk of endometrial cancer, and several conditions related to body weight, such as early menarche, diabetes mellitus, or hypertension were more common in cases. The risk of endometrial cancer was elevated in subjects reporting (on a subjective basis) greater fat (butter, margarine, and oil) intake (relative risk estimate for the higher compared to the lower scores equals 5.65, with 95% confidence interval of 2.76-11.55). Cases reported less frequent intake of green vegetables, fruit, and whole-grain foods: thus, the risk of endometrial cancer appeared inversely related to indices of beta-carotene and fiber intake. Furthermore, cases consumed milk, liver and fish less frequently than controls. No significant difference was noted between cases and controls in the frequency of intake of carrots, meat, eggs, ham, and cheese. Alcohol consumption was somewhat larger among the cases, but this trend in risk was not significant. Dietary information collected in this study probably is too limited and inconsistent to permit analysis of biologic correlates of these findings or discussion of their potential implications in terms of prevention on a public health scale. Nonetheless, the mere existence of differences in reported diet between endometrial cancer cases and controls is of interest, and may warrant further, more detailed investigation. FAU - La Vecchia, C
Physical Activity Benefits the Skeleton of Children Genetically Predisposed to Lower Bone Density in Adulthood.$$$ Both genetics and physical activity (PA) contribute to bone mineral density (BMD), but it is unknown if the benefits of physical activity on childhood bone accretion depend on genetic risk. We, therefore, aimed to determine if PA influenced the effect of bone fragility genetic variants on BMD in childhood. Our sample comprised US children of European ancestry enrolled in the Bone Mineral Density in Childhood Study (N = 918, aged 5 to 19 years, and 52.4% female). We used a questionnaire to estimate hours per day spent in total, high-, and low-impact PA. We calculated a BMD genetic score (% BMD lowering alleles) using adult genome-wide association study (GWAS)-implicated BMD variants. We used dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry to estimate femoral neck, total hip, and spine areal-BMD and total body less head (TBLH) bone mineral content (BMC) Z-scores. The BMD genetic score was negatively associated with each bone Z-score (eg, TBLH-BMC: estimate = -0.03, p = 1.3 × 10(-6) ). Total PA was positively associated with bone Z-scores; these associations were driven by time spent in high-impact PA (eg, TBLH-BMC: estimate = 0.05, p = 4.0 × 10(-10) ) and were observed even for children with lower than average bone Z-scores. We found no evidence of PA-adult genetic score interactions (p interaction > 0.05) at any skeletal site, and there was no evidence of PA-genetic score-Tanner stage interactions at any skeletal site (p interaction > 0.05). However, exploratory analyses at the individual variant level revealed that PA statistically interacted with rs2887571 (ERC1/WNT5B) to influence TBLH-BMC in males (p interaction = 7.1 × 10(-5) ), where PA was associated with higher TBLH-BMC Z-score among the BMD-lowering allele carriers (rs2887571 AA homozygotes: estimate = 0.08 [95% CI 0.06, 0.11], p = 2.7 × 10(-9) ). In conclusion, the beneficial effect of PA on bone, especially high-impact PA, applies to the average child and those genetically predisposed to lower adult BMD (based on GWAS-implicated BMD variants). Independent replication of our exploratory individual variant findings is warranted. © 2016 American Society for Bone and Mineral Research.
Decreased prevalence of hypercholesterolaemia and stabilisation of obesity trends in 5-year-old children: possible effects of changed public health policies.$$$ BACKGROUND: Overweight/obesity in children is a worldwide public health problem. Together with hypercholesterolaemia they are associated with early atherosclerotic complications. OBJECTIVES: In this study, we aimed to investigate the anthropometric characteristics and total cholesterol (TC) levels in a population of 5-year-old children, to determine trends in the prevalence of overweight/obesity and hypercholesterolaemia in 5-year-old children over a period of 8 years (2001-2009) and to assess the impact of modified national nutritional guidelines for kindergartens implemented in 2005. DESIGN: Cross-sectional studies of overweight/obesity prevalence in the years 2001, 2003-2005 and 2009, and hypercholesterolaemia in years 2001 and 2009, in 5-year-old children. SUBJECTS: Altogether, 12 832 (6308 girls/6524 boys) children were included. METHODS: Overweight/obesity was defined by IOTF criteria. Hypercholesterolaemia was defined by TC level >5 mmol/l. Multivariable logistic regression models were used. RESULTS: NO CORRELATION BETWEEN BMI VALUES AND TC LEVELS WAS FOUND. OVERWEIGHT AND OBESITY PREVALENCE WERE STABILISED FROM 2001 TO 2009 (ODDS RATIO (OR) (95% CI): 1.13 (0.99-1.3) and 1.13 (0.89-1.42) respectively). Girls were more frequently overweight/obese than boys (OR (95% CI): 0.71 (0.65-0.79) and 0.75 (0.64-0.89) respectively). Prevalence of hypercholesterolaemia significantly decreased from 2001 to 2009 (OR (95% CI): 0.47 (0.41-0.55)). It was less frequent in boys than in girls (OR (95% CI): O.7 (0.61-0.8)). CONCLUSIONS: This is the first study to describe a negative trend in the prevalence of hypercholesterolaemia in pre-pubertal children. In addition, the prevalence of overweight/obesity in these children has been stabilised. Nationwide changes in public health policies could have influenced these observations. FAU - Sedej, Katarina
Maternal misconceptions of weight status among Nepean adolescents.$$$ Adolescence is characterized by rapid physical growth and sexual maturation. These changes may alter parents' beliefs about their adolescent's weight status. This study aimed to examine the changes between early and mid-adolescence in: (a) the accuracy of maternal perception regarding her adolescent's weight status, (b) the degree of maternal concern about her adolescent's weight status, and (c) the predictors of maternal misclassification of adolescent overweight as average weight. A secondary analysis of the longitudinal Nepean Study data was conducted. Participants were Australian, free-living 13-year-olds in 2002-2003 (n=347) followed up at age 15 years (n=279) and their mothers. Participants' body mass index (BMI) status (overweight, normal, or underweight) was calculated from measured height and weight. Maternal perceptions and concerns about adolescent's weight status were determined by items adapted from the Child Feeding Questionnaire. Sex-adjusted binary logistic regression models assessed potential predictors of maternal misclassification of adolescent overweight. Data were available on 224 adolescent-mother dyads. Approximately one fourth of mothers misclassified their adolescent's weight status, but this varied across groups (age 13 years [%]; age 15 years [%], respectively) underweight (75%; 70%), overweight (54%; 59%), and normal weight (12%; 9%). The endpoint data show that between 13 and 15 years of age, maternal concern regarding their adolescent's weight decreased in all weight-status groups. Predictors of maternal misclassification of adolescent overweight were adolescent BMI z score, recent weight-management practices, weight history, sex, and maternal concern regarding her adolescent's weight. These results reinforce the need for strategies in primary care that are implemented throughout adolescence to improve maternal awareness of childhood overweight.
Expanding the genetic spectrum of ANOS1 mutations in patients with congenital hypogonadotropic hypogonadism.$$$ STUDY QUESTION: What is the prevalence and functional consequence of ANOS1 (KAL1) mutations in a group of men with congenital hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (CHH)? SUMMARY ANSWER: Three of forty-two (7.1%) patients presented ANOS1 mutations, including a novel splice site mutation leading to exon skipping and a novel contiguous gene deletion associated with ichthyosis. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: CHH is characterized by lack of pubertal development and infertility, due to deficient production, secretion or action of GnRH, and can be associated with anosmia/hyposmia (Kallmann syndrome, KS) or with a normal sense of smell (normosmic CHH). Mutations in the anosmin-1 (ANOS1) gene are responsible for the X-linked recessive form of KS. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: This cross-sectional study included 42 unrelated men with CHH (20 with KS and 22 with normosmic CHH). PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Patients were screened for mutations in the ANOS1 gene by DNA sequencing. Identified mutations were further investigated by RT-PCR analysis and multiplex ligation-dependent probe amplification (MLPA) analysis. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Hemizygous mutations were identified in three (7.1%) KS cases: a novel splice acceptor site mutation (c.542-1G>C), leading to skipping of exon 5 in the ANOS1 transcript in a patient with self-reported normosmia (but hyposmic upon testing); a recurrent nonsense mutation (c.571C>T, p.Arg191*); and a novel 4.8 Mb deletion involving ANOS1 and eight other genes (VCX3B, VCX2, PNPLA4, VCX, STS, HDHD1, VCX3A and NLGN4X) in KS associated with ichthyosis. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: Objective olfactory testing was not performed in all cases of self-reported normosmia and this may have underestimated the olfactory deficits. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: This study further expands the spectrum of known genetic defects associated with CHH and suggests that patients with self-reported normal olfactory function should not be excluded from ANOS1 genetic testing. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): This study was funded by the Portuguese Foundation for Science and Technology. The authors have no conflicts of interest. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: N/A.
Metabolic abnormalities in human immunodeficiency virus-infected children: two-year follow-up.$$$ BACKGROUND: HIV-associated lipodystrophy (LD) manifests with fat maldistribution, dyslipidemia, and insulin resistance in some HIV-infected children on antiretroviral therapy. AIM: To assess whether lipid abnormalities in patients with HIV are stable over time. PATIENTS: The perinatally HIV-infected cohort at a medium-sized urban US teaching hospital. METHODS: This prospective, observational study consisted of five visits (at entry and 3, 6, 24, and 30 months after entry) during which fasting venous blood samples were drawn for HIV-1 RNA, CD4 lymphocytes, lipid profile, free fatty acids (FFA), glucose, insulin, and adiponectin. IGF-I/IGFBP-3 levels were measured at the first and fifth visits. RESULTS: Of 36 study participants, seven were lipodystrophic, and 30 patients completed all five study visits. LDL-cholesterol, total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), and FFA levels were significantly higher in patients taking protease inhibitors (PIs). Patients with LD had higher TC and TG levels (both p < 0.05), and higher FFA (p = 0.0532). Adiponectin levels did not differ between PI/non-PI and LD/non-LD groups. HDL-cholesterol seemed to decrease, and FFA to increase over time. All IGF-I and all but one IGFBP-3 level were within normal range for age and Tanner stage. CONCLUSION: Dyslipidemia remained relatively constant over our study period. Adiponectin was not useful as a marker of LD in our population. FAU - Krause, Jens C
Effect of zinc supplementation on growth hormone-insulin growth factor axis in short Egyptian children with zinc deficiency.$$$ BACKGROUND: The relationship between zinc (Zn) and growth hormone-insulin growth factor (GH-IGF) system and how Zn therapy stimulates growth in children has not been clearly defined in humans. Thus, we aimed to assess GH-IGF axis in short children with Zn deficiency and to investigate the effect of Zn supplementation on these parameters. METHODS: Fifty pre-pubertal Egyptian children with short stature and Zn deficiency were compared to 50 age-, sex-, and pubertal stage- matched controls. All subjects were subjected to history, auxological assessment and measurement of serum Zn, IGF-1, insulin growth factor binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3); and basal and stimulated GH before and 3 months after Zn supplementation (50 mg/day). RESULTS: After 3 months of Zn supplementation in Zn-deficient patients, there were significant increases in height standard deviation score (SDS, P = 0.033), serum Zn (P < 0.001), IGF-1 (P < 0.01), IGF-1 standard deviation score (SDS, P < 0.01) and IGFBP-3 (P = 0.042). Zn rose in all patients but reached normal ranges in 64 %, IGF-1 levels rose in 60 % but reached normal ranges in 40 % and IGFBP-3 levels rose in 40 % but reached reference ranges in 22 %. Growth velocity (GV) SDS did not differ between cases and controls (p = 0.15) but was higher in GH-deficient patients than non-deficient ones, both having Zn deficiency (p = 0.03). CONCLUSION: Serum IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 levels were low in short children with Zn deficiency, and increased after Zn supplementation for 3 months but their levels were still lower than the normal reference ranges in most children; therefore, Zn supplementation may be necessary for longer periods. FAU - Hamza, Rasha T
Parity and risk of hemorrhagic strokes.$$$ OBJECTIVES: The association between parity and risk of hemorrhagic stroke (HS) remains to be clarified. This study assessed the association of parity with the overall risk of HS and compared its contribution to intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH) and subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH). METHODS: We used a database from a nationwide multicenter case-control study, in which 471 female cases with incident HS were matched at 1:2 with 942 community or hospital controls. A total of 459 HS cases and 918 controls with information on parity were included. Parity was categorized as 0-1, 2, 3, and >or=4. Adjusted odds ratios (ORs) and their 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated by conditional logistic regression. As potential confounders, age, history of hypertension, history of diabetes, family history of stroke, smoking status, alcohol consumption, educational status, age at menarche, and use of oral contraceptives were included in the models. RESULTS: Compared with nullipara and unipara, women with parity of 2, 3, and >or=4 had significantly higher risk for total HS, ICH, and SAH, respectively. Each additional parity increased the ORs of HS (adjusted OR for total HS = 1.27 [95% CI 1.14-1.41]; adjusted OR for SAH = 1.34 [95% CI 1.13-1.58]; adjusted OR for ICH = 1.27 [95% CI 1.08-1.48]). Likelihood ratio test for trends showed a significantly increased risk with increasing parity for total HS and for both types of HS (p(trend) < 0.05 in all analyses). CONCLUSIONS: Increased number of childbirths may be related to an increased risk of both intracerebral hemorrhage and subarachnoid hemorrhage. FAU - Jung, Sun-Young
Association between cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy and left ventricular hypertrophy in young patients with congenital generalized lipodystrophy.$$$ BACKGROUND: Congenital generalized lipodystrophy (CGL) is a rare disorder characterized by the absence of subcutaneous adipose tissue, severe insulin resistance, diabetes mellitus, and cardiovascular complications, including cardiac autonomic neuropathy (CAN), left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH), and atherosclerosis. The present study aimed to access the association between CAN parameters and cardiovascular abnormalities in CGL patients. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted with 10 CGL patients and 20 healthy controls matched for age, sex, BMI, and pubertal stage. We evaluated clinical, laboratory, and cardiovascular parameters-left ventricular mass index (LVMI), interventricular septum thickness (IVS), systolic and diastolic function determined by two-dimensional transthoracic echocardiography; carotid intimal media thickness (cIMT); and cQT interval. Heart rate variability (HRV) was evaluated by spectral analysis components-high frequency (HF), low frequency (LF), very low frequency (VLF), LF/HF ratio, and total amplitude spectrum (TAS)-and cardiovascular reflexes tests (postural hypotension test, respiratory, orthostatic and Valsalva coefficients). RESULTS: In CGL group, four patients (40%) had LVH and diastolic dysfunction. HF component (parasympathetic control) was lower in LVH patients. CGL patients presented higher values of cIMT and cQT interval than heathy subjects. Inverse association between LVMI and LF (p = 0.011), IVS and LF (p = 0.007), and cIMT and leptin (p < 0.001) were observed, even after adjustments by HOMA-IR, A1c, and blood pressure. In CGL group, there were associations between LMVI and HF component (IC95%: - 1.000; - 00.553), LVMI and TAS (IC95%: - 1.000; - 0.012), and IVS and HF component (IC95%: - 1.000; - 0.371). CONCLUSION: The association between increased LV mass and parameters of HRV provides possible speculations about the involvement of CAN in the pathophysiology of the cardiac complications, including LVH, in patients with CGL. FAU - Ponte, Clarisse Mourão Melo
Serum levels of insulin-like growth factor (IGF) and IGF-binding protein in constitutionally short children and adolescents.$$$ Serum insulin-like growth factor (IGF) and IGF-binding protein (IGF-bp) levels were studied in 92 constitutionally short children and adolescents (height less than mean for age -2 SD) and in 13 subjects after completion of growth. IGF levels increased with age in a manner similar to that in normal subjects, but at lower levels (P less than 0.001). The values were 0.41 +/- 0.03 SEM U/ml in 1 to 5 year old children, 0.72 +/- 0.03 U/ml in 6- to 16 year old prepubescent children and 0.95 +/- 0.05 U/ml during puberty. IGF-bp levels developed in a similar way, the values being 0.45 +/- 0.06, 0.61 +/- 0.04 and 0.85 +/- 0.06 U/ml, respectively, for the three periods considered. Both IGF and IGF-bp levels in each of the three groups were significantly lower than those in normal subjects at the same stage of development. After fusion of the epiphyses, IGF and IGF-bp levels were within the normal range. A longitudinal study was undertaken in 15 subjects, showing increases in height corresponding with increases in IGF levels. For all the subjects studied during their growth period, there was a correlation between height age and IGF levels (r = 0.64, P less than 0.001). All the subjects exhibited a normal rise in GH levels following stimulation. Although the possibility of quantitative or qualitative disorders of GH biosynthesis cannot be excluded in some of the cases, our data are compatible with the hypothesis that the growth retardation observed in constitutionally short children results, at least in part, from insufficient IGF production during post-natal growth. FAU - Binoux, M
The role of insulin like growth factor (IGF)-1 and IGF-binding protein-3 in diagnosis of Growth Hormone Deficiency in short stature children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the role of IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 in diagnosis of short stature children and adolescents in whom Growth Hormone Deficiency (GHD) was found. METHODS: In this cross sectional study the referred short stature children and adolescents to Namazi Hospital in Shiraz- Iran, in 2003-2005 were studied. The inclusion criteria were proved short stature based on the physical examination, weight, height, standard deviation score (SDS) of height < -2, with considering stage of puberty and predicted height in children without any genetic or chronic disorders. The exclusion criteria were any positive physical or laboratory data suggesting hypothyroidism, rickets or liver disorders. For all patients a provocative growth hormone test was performed with propranolol and L-dopa and serum IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 were measured. GHD defined as peak(cutoff) serum GH level under 10 ìg/L and low IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 considered as cutoff serum level under -2 standard deviation. RESULTS: Eighty one short stature patients (39 boys and 42 girls) with mean age of 10.6 +/- 3.5 years completed the study. Seventeen patients with GHD were found and in 18 patients IGF-1 level were low. Only in 6 patients both GH and IGF-1 were low and 2 of them had low IGFBP-3. There were no correlations between the levels of GH,IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 in children with short stature due to GHD. The sensitivity and specifity of IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 in assessment of GHD were 35% and 81% for IGF-1 and 12% and 94% for IGFBP-3, respectively. CONCLUSION: No correlations were found between GH level and serum levels of IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 in short patients and the sensitivity of those tests in assessment of GHD were poor. FAU - Haghshenas, Zahra
Breast inflammatory gigantomastia in a context of immune-mediated diseases.$$$ CONTEXT: Localized breast lesions have been described in lupic or diabetic patients. However, the description of breast gigantomastia in women presenting with autoimmune diseases has not been reported. SETTING: The study took place within the Department of Endocrinology and Reproductive Medicine, Necker Hospital, Paris, France. PATIENTS: We describe eight patients with inflammatory gigantomastia, occurring in a context of immune-mediated diseases: myasthenia, chronic arthritis, or thyroiditis. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Together with hormonal, immunological, and breast magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) evaluation, breast histology enabled us to perform immunocytochemical and indirect immunofluorescence studies. Control sera were obtained from patients with (n = 10) and without (n = 7) antinuclear antibodies. RESULTS: Six of the eight patients developed gigantomastia either at puberty or during pregnancy. Neither a hormonal oversecretion nor a specific immunological pattern was observed. All patients except one presented antinuclear antibodies. Histological study revealed a diffuse, stromal hyperplasia and a severe atrophy of the lobules. A rarefaction of adipocytes was also noted, as previously suggested on MRI. There was a perilobular lymphocytic infiltrate made of CD3+ lymphocytes. Study of sera from five of six cases of gigantomastia showed a nuclear immunofluorescence pattern in normal mammary ductal and lobular glandular epithelium, as well as in kidney and intestine epithelial cells. In control sera, a nuclear signal was observed only when antinuclear antibodies were present. CONCLUSIONS: We suggest that breast tissue may be a target tissue in autoimmune diseases, this process being favored by the hormonal milieu. However, the precise mechanism of such association is not individualized. The fact that stromal hyperplasia is the main histological feature justifies the search for the involvement of growth factors in such a process. FAU - Touraine, P
[The coexistence of endometrial cancer with second primary malignant neoplasms].$$$ OBJECTIVE: An epidemiologic study of multiple primary malignant neoplasms with endometrial cancer patients is presented. Coexistence of endometrial carcinoma with second primary malignant neoplasms was evaluated and controlled for age, residence, civil status, education, parity, menarche age, last menstruation age, length of reproductive period, blood group, hypertension, diabetes, body mass index, sterility, histological subtype, grading, staging. DESIGN: From 1984-1998 136 endometrial carcinomas have been evaluated in the Department of Gynecology & Obstetrics in Hospital of Słupsk retrospectively. All double and triple neoplasms have been histologically recorded, doubtful cases have been excluded. MATERIAL & METHODS: Of 136 endometrial carcinomas 16 (11.6%) were multiple malignant neoplasms. Of these neoplasms 9 (6.6%) occur together with breast cancer, 3 (2.2%) with ovarian carcinoma, 1 (0.7%) with stomach carcinoma, 1 (0.7%) with rectum carcinoma, 1 (0.7%) with carcinoma in focus of endometriosis and 1 (0.7%) coexists with double neoplasms (bowel and endometriosis carcinoma) During the 14-year period of study, 15 patients (11.0%) out of 136 patients diagnosed as having endometrial cancer had double and 1 (0.6%) had triple primary malignant neoplasms. There was not significant difference in age rate (p = 0.72), residence rate (p = 0.93), civil status rate (p = 0.76), education rate (p = 0.70), parity rate (p = 0.76), menarche age rate (p = 0.46), blood group rate (p = 0.45), hypertension rate (p = 0.94), diabetes rate (p = 1.0), not overweight status rate (BMI < 29) (p = 0.55), sterility rate (p = 0.45), histological subtype rate (p = 0.39), grading rate (p = 0.67), staging rate (p = 0.26) between both patients group (with and without second primary malignant neoplasma). We observed statistically significant difference in body mass index (BMI > 32) rate (p = 0.03), last menstruation age rate (p = 0.04), length of reproductive period rate (p = 0.04) between both patients group (with and without second primary malignant neoplasma). CONCLUSION: Patients with endometrial cancer should be carefully and regularly followed up by monitoring et every anatomic site, especially the breast, stomach, and colon, in order that the development of a second primary carcinoma can be detected as early as possible, and not be overlooked in examinations. Additional risk factors for endometrial carcinoma with multiple malignant neoplasma include: menopause occurring after age fifty-one; obese women with body mass index (BMI) higher than 32; reproductive period longer than 37 years. FAU - Studziński, Z
Statural Growth and Prevalence of Endocrinopathies in Relation to Liver Iron Content (LIC) in Adult Patients with Beta Thalassemia Major (BTM) and Sickle Cell Disease (SCD).$$$ Despite regular blood transfusion and iron chelation therapy, growth impairment and pubertal delay are commonly seen in children and adolescents with transfusion-dependent Beta thalassaemia major (BTM) and sickle cell disease (SCD). We evaluated growth parameters and endocrine disorders in relation to the liver iron concentration (LIC) assessed by the Ferriscan® method in a cohort of adults with SCD (n =40) and BTM (n = 52) receiving blood transfusions and iron chelation therapy since early childhood. Before transfusion, hemoglobin concentration had not been less than 9 g/dl in the past 12 years; subcutaneous daily desferrioxamine was administered for all of them since early childhood (2- 5 years of age). All patients were shifted to oral therapy with deferasirox iron chelation, 20 mg/daily for the past 5 years. BTM patients with higher LIC (> 15 mg Fe/g dry weight)  had significantly shorter stature, lower insulin-like growth factor-I SDS (IGF-I SDS), higher alanine transferase (ALT) and  serum ferritin concentrations compared to thalassemic patients with lower LIC.  Patients with SCD with LIC > 8 mg Fe/g dry weight had significantly shorter stature, lower IGF-I SDS and higher ALT compared to SCD patients with lower LIC.  Patients with BTM had significantly shorted final height (Ht-SDS) , IGF-I SDS and FT4 level compared to patients with SCD.  LIC and mean fasting blood glucose (FBG) were significantly higher in patients with BTM compared to those with SCD. The linear regression  analysis showed  a significant correlation between LIC and  serum ferritin level in SCD and BTM. LIC and serum ferritin level were also correlated significantly with IGF-I level in patients with BTM. LIC was correlated significantly with ALT in patients with BTM. In conclusion, the prevalence of endocrinopathies especially hypothyroidism, DM, and hypogonadism were significantly higher in BTM patients versus SCD patients and higher in patients with higher LIC versus those with lower LIC. These complications occurred less frequently, but still considerable, in chronically transfused patients with SCD. FAU - Yassin, Mohamed A
Growth trajectory and pubertal tempo from birth till final height in a girl with Wolf-Hirschhorn syndrome. LID - 10.1530/EDM-18-0001 [doi] LID - 18-0001$$$ Growth anomaly is a prominent feature in Wolf-Hirschhorn syndrome (WHS), a rare congenital disorder caused by variable deletion of chromosome 4p. While growth charts have been developed for WHS patients 0-4 years of age and growth data available for Japanese WHS patients 0-17 years, information on pubertal growth and final height among WHS children remain lacking. Growth hormone (GH) therapy has been reported in two GH-sufficient children with WHS, allowing for pre-puberty catch up growth; however, pubertal growth and final height information was also unavailable. We describe the complete growth journey of a GH-sufficient girl with WHS from birth until final height (FH), in relation to her mid parental height (MPH) and target range (TR). Her growth trajectory and pubertal changes during childhood, when she was treated with growth hormone (GH) from 3 years 8 months old till 6 months post-menarche at age 11 years was fully detailed. LEARNING POINTS: Pubertal growth characteristics and FH information in WHS is lacking.While pre-pubertal growth may be improved by GH, GH therapy may not translate to improvement in FH in WHS patients.Longitudinal growth, puberty and FH data of more WHS patients may improve the understanding of growth in its various phases (infancy/childhood/puberty). FAU - Siew, Jia Xuan
Bisphenol A, phthalate metabolites and glucose homeostasis in healthy normal-weight children.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Bisphenol A and several of the most commonly used phthalates have been associated with adverse metabolic health effects such as obesity and diabetes. Therefore, we analyzed these man-made chemicals in first morning urine samples from 107 healthy normal-weight Danish children and adolescents. METHOD: This was a cross-sectional study. Participants were recruited as part of the Copenhagen Puberty Study. The subjects were evaluated by an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), a dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) scan, direct oxygen uptake measurement during cycle ergometry and fasting blood samples. First morning urine was collected and phthalate metabolites and BPA were measured by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) with prior enzymatic deconjugation. Individual chemical concentrations were divided into tertiles and analyzed in relation to biological outcome. RESULTS: Children in the lowest tertile of urinary BPA had significantly higher peak insulin levels during OGTT (P = 0.01), lower insulin sensitivity index (P < 0.01), higher leptin (P = 0.03), triglyceride (P < 0.01) and total cholesterol levels (P = 0.04), lower aerobic fitness (P = 0.02) and a tendency toward higher fat mass index (P = 0.1) compared with children in the highest tertile for uBPA. No significant differences in anthropometrics, body composition or glucose metabolism were associated with any of the phthalate metabolites measured. CONCLUSION: This pilot study on healthy normal-weight children suggests an inverse association between BPA and insulin resistance. Our findings contrast other cross-sectional studies showing a positive association for BPA, which may be due to confounding or reverse causation because diet is an important source of both BPA exposure and obesity.
Evaluation of IGF1/IGFBP3 Molar Ratio as an Effective Tool for Assessing the Safety of Growth Hormone Therapy in Small-for-gestational-age, Growth Hormone-Deficient and Prader-Willi Children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: IGF1 concentration is the most widely used parameter for the monitoring and therapeutic adaptation of recombinant human growth hormone (rGH) treatment. However, more than half the variation of the therapeutic response is accounted for by variability in the serum concentrations of IGF1 and IGFBP3. We therefore compared the use of IGF1/IGFBP3 molar ratio with that of IGF1 concentration alone. METHODS: We selected 92 children on rGH for this study and assigned them to three groups on the basis of growth deficiency etiology: small for gestational age (SGA), GH deficiency (GHD) and Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS). Plasma IGF1 and IGFBP3 concentrations and their molar ratio were determined. RESULTS: Before rGH treatment, mean IGF1/IGFBP3 molar ratio in the SGA, GHD and PWS groups was 0.14±0.04, 0.07±0.01 and 0.12±0.02, respectively. After the initiation of rGH treatment, these averages were 0.19±0.07, 0.20±0.08 and 0.19±0.09, within the normal range for most children, even at puberty and despite some significant increases in serum IGF1 levels. CONCLUSION: We consider IGF1/IGFBP3 molar ratio to be a useful additional parameter for assessing therapeutic safety in patients on rGH, and for maintaning the values within the normal range for age and pubertal stage. FAU - Gaddas, Meriem
Influence of LRP5 (rs556442) polymorphism on insulin resistance in healthy Iranian children and adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND/AIM: Genetic aspects play a role in insulin resistance in children. In this study, for the first time, the association of LRP5 (rs556442) polymorphism and insulin resistance in Iranian children and adolescents was investigated. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The study population comprises children and adolescents aged 9–18 years. Anthropometric and biochemical parameters were assessed. Insulin resistance/sensitivity was determined by the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI), homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), insulin-to-glucose ratio, McAuley index, revised McAuley index, fasting insulin resistance index (FIRI), and Bennett’s index. LRP5 (rs566442) single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) was identified using restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP). Linear regression analysis was used to determine the association between the LRP5 polymorphism (rs556442) and insulin sensitivity indexes. RESULTS: Significant differences were found between GG genotype vs. AG/AA genotypes for McAuley index (P = 0.049) and revised McAuley index (P = 0.044) when adjusted for interaction factors (age, sex, and puberty) in regression models. No significant association was found between LRP5 (rs566442) and other insulin resistance indexes. Also, LRP5 (rs566442) did not show a significant impact on biochemical parameters. CONCLUSION: This study showed that LRP5 polymorphism (rs556442) was associated with insulin resistance in Iranian children and adolescents. FAU - Montazeri-Nafafabady, Nima
Effects of high-impact exercise on ultrasonic and biochemical indices of skeletal status: A prospective study in young male gymnasts.$$$ Physical activity has been proposed as one strategy to enhance bone mineral acquisition during growth. The aim of this study was to determine whether frequent impact loading associated with gymnastics training confers a skeletal benefit on pre- and peripubertal male gymnasts. We measured broadband ultrasonic attenuation (BUA, dB/MHz) at the calcaneus (CBUA); ultrasound velocity (m/s) at the calcaneus (CVOS), distal radius (RVOS) and phalanx (PVOS); serum osteocalcin (OC); total alkaline phosphatase (ALP) and insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) every 3-4 months over an 18-month period in elite male gymnasts and matched normoactive controls (pubertal stage </=2). Ground reaction forces of common gymnastics maneuvers were determined using a force platform and loading histories of the upper and lower extremities approximated from video recordings. Ultrasound results were expressed as a standardized score (Z score) adjusted for age, height, and weight. At baseline, no differences were detected between the gymnasts (n = 31) and controls (n = 50) for CBUA, although ultrasound velocity at each site was higher in the gymnasts (0.6-1.5 SD) than the predicted mean in controls (p </= 0. 001). Over 18 months, CBUA Z scores increased significantly in the gymnasts from baseline (0.3 vs. 1.0, p < 0.05, n = 18). In contrast, ultrasound velocity did not increase in either group, although CVOS and RVOS remained significantly higher in gymnasts compared with controls (range p < 0.01 and < 0.001). No differences between groups were found for OC, ALP, or IGF-I at any time. Gymnastics training was associated with on average 102 and 217 impacts per session on the upper and lower extremities, respectively, with peak magnitudes of 3.6 and 10.4 times body weight. These results suggest that frequent high-impact, weight-bearing exercise during the pre and peripubertal period may enhance the mechanical competence of the skeleton, perhaps offering an important strategy for osteoporosis prevention if the benefits are maintained. FAU - Daly, R M
[Epidemiology and natural course of benign prostatic hyperplasia].$$$ Benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) is a frequent condition in men over 50 years of age. At autopsy the histological characteristics of BPH are seen in 80% of all men older than 80 years. Although BPH is so frequent, its precise etiology is still unknown. Each of the various sources from which epidemiological data on BPH can be obtained has its own specific problems in terms of potential errors and biases, which have to be taken into account in interpretation of the data from these sources. There are clear differences in the incidence of BPH in various races. In negroids BPH is more frequent than in Caucasians, while in Asiatic races BPH is less frequent. However, in Asiatics BPH occurs more frequently in men who have immigrated into western countries. Age and hormonal status are well known to be involved in the development of BPH. Other factors, such as marital status, socioeconomic class, smoking, diet, diabetes, hypertension, and liver cir-rhosis have been implicated, but their relation with the risk of developing BPH has never been proven. The natural history of BPH is characterized by an age-dependent increase in histological changes and an increase in prostate size. The histological changes compatible with BPH are found in men below the age of 30 with an incidence of less than 10%. During the 6th decade, 42% of prostatic specimens have histological signs of BPH and during the 8th decade of life more than 80% of prostatic specimens. The histological changes of BPH precede prostatic enlargement by roughly 1 decade. There is an initial spurt of prostate growth during the period of maturation and puberty.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS) FAU - Blom, J H
Cushing disease in children and adolescents - assessment of the clinical course, diagnostic process, and effects of the treatment - experience from a single paediatric centre.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Adrenocorticotropic hormone-dependent Cushing syndrome, known as Cushing disease (CD), is a rare disease in paediatric patients, the signs and symptoms of which differ from those seen in adult patients. AIM OF THE STUDY: The objective of the study was to present the diagnostics and treatment results of CD in children and adolescents. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We included four consequent patients in the study, 7-15 years old, with CD confirmed by laboratory tests and finally by histology ex-aminations after surgery. The data were retrospectively retrieved from the medical records of all the patients from the years 2012-2018. RESULTS: The median time from the onset of clinical symptoms to CD diagnosis was 1.5 years. All patients presented with rapid weight gain ac-companying growth retardation, and behavioural, puberty, or menstruation disorders. The diagnostic process was carried out in accord-ance with the current standard. Diagnostic difficulties regarded the cyclic CD. All patients underwent transsphenoidal complete resection of the pituitary adenoma, and they all required transient glucocorticoid substitution for a period that correlated with the time from onset of symptoms to diagnosis. All subjects achieved normalisation of hormonal results and resolution of clinical symptoms, but all are still obese. Currently the patients are in remission, but there is a suspicion of the regrowth of the tumour mass in the eldest patient. CONCLUSIONS: In each case of the coexistence of growth velocity inhibition (not necessarily short stature) with the weight gain (not necessarily obesity) and the appearance of hyperandrogenism and depressive-anxiety disorders, biochemical diagnostics of CS should be performed. Obesi-ty could be a chronic complication of CD in childhood, even after effective neurosurgery treatment. FAU - Wędrychowicz, Anna
Association of serum adiponectin levels with breast cancer risk.$$$ PURPOSE: Adiponectin is a peptide hormone secreted from the adipose tissue, affecting the proliferation and insulin sensitivity of various types of cells. Because association of obesity with breast cancer risk is well established, it is possible that adiponectin plays some role in the development of breast cancer. Thus, in the present study, the association of the serum adiponectin levels with breast cancer risk was investigated. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: A case-control study was conducted on 102 breast cancer patients (cases) and 100 healthy women (controls). The serum adiponectin levels of cases and controls were examined in their association with breast cancer risk after adjustment for the various classical risk factors (family history, age at menarche, parity, body mass index, and so forth). In addition, the relationship between the serum adiponectin levels and the various clinicopathological characteristics of breast cancers was studied. RESULTS: Women in the low tertile of serum adiponectin levels were associated with a significantly (P < 0.005) increased risk for breast cancer compared with women in the high tertile [odds ratio (OR), 3.63; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.61-8.19]. Such an association was observed both in the premenopausal women (OR, 3.46; 95% CI, 0.89-13.50) and in the postmenopausal women (OR, 3.90; 95% CI, 1.23-12.44). The frequency of large (>2 cm) tumors and that of high histological grade (2+3) tumors were significantly (P < 0.005 and P < 0.05, respectively) higher in breast cancer patients in the low tertile of the serum adiponectin levels than those in the high and intermediate tertiles. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that the low serum adiponectin levels are significantly associated with an increased risk for breast cancer and that tumors arising in women with the low serum adiponectin levels are more likely to show a biologically aggressive phenotype. The association between obesity and breast cancer risk might be partly explained by adiponectin. FAU - Miyoshi, Yasuo
The association between serum brain-derived neurotrophic factor and a cluster of cardiovascular risk factors in adolescents: The CHAMPS-study DK.$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes pose a global health burden. Therefore, clarifying the pathology of these risk factors is essential. Previous studies have found positive and negative associations between one or more cardiovascular risk factors and brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) probably due to diverse methodological approaches when analysing peripheral BDNF levels. Moreover, only a few studies have been performed in youth populations. Consequently, the main objective of this study was to examine the association between serum BDNF and a composite z-score consisting of six cardiovascular risk factors. A secondary aim was to examine the associations between serum BDNF and each of the six risk factors. METHODS: Four hundred and forty-seven apparently healthy adolescents between 11-17 years of age participated in this cross-sectional study. Cardiorespiratory fitness (CRF), anthropometrics, pubertal status, blood pressure (BP), serum BDNF, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), triglyceride (TG), blood glucose and insulin were measured. Information about alcohol consumption and socio-economic status was collected via questionnaires. Associations were modelled using linear regression analysis. RESULTS: Serum BDNF was positively associated with the composite z-score in the total study sample (standardized beta coefficient (std.β) = 0.10, P = 0.037). In males, serum BDNF was positively associated with the composite z-score (Std. β = 0.14, P = 0.034) and HOMA-IR (Std. β = 0.19, P = 0.004), and negatively associated with CRF (Std. β = -0.15, P = 0.026). In females, BDNF was positively associated with TG (Std. β = 0.14, P = 0.030) and negatively associated with waist circumference (WC) (Std. β = -0.16, P = 0.012). CONCLUSION: Serum BDNF was positively associated with a composite z-score of cardiovascular risk factors. This association seems to be mainly driven by the association between TG, HOMA-IR and serum BDNF, and particularly for males. Further longitudinal research is warranted to determine the temporal relationship between BDNF and cardiovascular risk factors. FAU - Pedersen, Natascha Holbæk
[Association between insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor gene polymorphisms and with susceptibility to adolescent idiopathic scoliosis].$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association of insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor (IGF-1R) gene polymorphisms and with susceptibility to adolescent idiopathic scoliosis (AIS). METHODS: This study included 200 patients with AIS and 200 healthy controls. Height, menarche status, curve pattern, Cobb angle, and Risser sign in female patients were recorded. Blood samples were taken form each subject by venipuncture. Genetic DNA was extract from peripheral blood leukocytes using standard phenol/chloroform extraction. PCR-RFLP (polymerase chain reaction-restriction-fragment length polymorphism) was used for the genotyping. RESULT: The genotype and allele frequency distribution were similar between AIS and normal control (P>0.05). The mean maximum Cobb angle, Risser sign, menarche status of different genotypes of IGF-1R gene were similar with each other among female AIS patients (P>0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The IGF-1R gene is neither associated with the occurrence nor the curve severity of AIS. FAU - Liu, Wen-jun
Risk of ischemic stroke and lifetime estrogen exposure.$$$ BACKGROUND: Estrogen loss has been related to higher incidence of stroke in postmenopausal women, but randomized trials have demonstrated an increased risk of stroke in women receiving hormone replacement therapy (HRT). OBJECTIVE: To assess the relationship between exposure to endogenous ovarian hormones and the risk of noncardioembolic ischemic stroke. METHODS: We conducted a multicenter, age-matched, case-control study in postmenopausal women (case: nonembolic ischemic stroke; control: no stroke) comparing duration of ovarian activity or lifetime estrogen exposure, which was defined as age at menarche to age at menopause. Embolic cardiopathy and unreliable gynecologic data were exclusion criteria. Cardiovascular disease risk factors were recorded. The relationships of the principal variables to the risk of stroke were assessed using a conditional logistic regression analysis. RESULTS: There were 430 cases and 905 controls in the study. In the multivariate analysis, hypertension (odds ratio [OR]: 2.73; 95% CI: 2.09 to 3.58; p < 0.0001), diabetes (OR: 3.38; 95% CI: 2.53 to 4.52; p < 0.0001), hyperlipidemia (OR: 1.31; 95% CI: 1.01 to 1.7; p = 0.045), lifespan of ovarian activity <34 years (OR: 1.51; 95% CI: 1.13 to 2.03; p = 0.005), and menarche at <13 years of age (OR 1.49; 95% CI: 1.15 to 1.92; p = 0.002) were independently related to an increased risk of stroke. Obesity (OR: 0.73; 95% CI: 0.56 to 0.95; p = 0.021) was related to a lower risk of stroke. CONCLUSIONS: Longer lifetime exposure to ovarian estrogens may protect against noncardioembolic ischemic stroke. However, a very early age of exposure onset could be disadvantageous. FAU - Alonso de Leciñana, M
Clonidine-stimulated growth hormone concentrations (cut-off values) measured by immunochemiluminescent assay (ICMA) in children and adolescents with short stature.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To establish cut-off values for growth hormone concentrations using clonidine as a secretagogue and an immunochemiluminescent assay as the method of measurement and to analyze the response time as well as the influence of gender, nutritional status and pubertal stage. METHODS: A total of 225 tests were performed in 3 patient groups, categorized as group 1 (normal), group 2 (idiopathic short stature) and group 3 (growth hormone deficiency). Among the 199 disease-free individuals, 138 were prepubertal, and 61 were pubertal. Clonidine (0.1 mg/m2) was orally administered, and the growth hormone level was measured by immunochemiluminescent assay. The growth hormone peak and the difference between the growth hormone peak and the baseline level were then analyzed. Statistical analyses were performed using Student's t-test or the Mann-Whitney test and Kruskal-Wallis test followed by Dunn's post hoc test. Cut-off values were determined using a receiver operating characteristic curve. RESULTS: Group 1 and group 2 had no difference in growth hormone peak, gender, body mass index standard deviation score, or pubertal stage. Group 3 exhibited a significantly lower growth hormone peak than the other groups did. The receiver operating characteristic curve demonstrated that growth hormone concentrations ≥ 3.0 ng/mL defined responsiveness to clonidine. In total, 3.02% of individuals in group 1 and group 2 were considered false positive, i.e., these children lacked growth hormone deficiency and had a peak below 3.0 ng/mL. CONCLUSION: Clonidine-stimulated growth hormone concentrations ≥3 ng/mL, as measured by immunochemiluminescent assay, suggest responsiveness to the stimulus regardless of gender, body mass index standard deviation score or pubertal stage. FAU - Borges, Maria de Fátima
Adult body size, sexual history and adolescent sexual development, may predict risk of developing prostate cancer: Results from the New South Wales Lifestyle and Evaluation of Risk Study (CLEAR).$$$ Prostate cancer (PC) is the most common non-cutaneous cancer in men worldwide. The relationships between PC and possible risk factors for PC cases (n = 1,181) and male controls (n = 875) from the New South Wales (NSW) Cancer, Lifestyle and Evaluation of Risk Study (CLEAR) were examined in this study. The associations between PC risk and paternal history of PC, body mass index (BMI), medical conditions, sexual behaviour, balding pattern and puberty, after adjusting for age, income, region of birth, place of residence, and PSA testing, were examined. Adjusted risk of PC was higher for men with a paternal history of PC (OR = 2.31; 95%CI: 1.70-3.14), personal history of prostatitis (OR = 2.30; 95%CI: 1.44-3.70), benign prostatic hyperplasia (OR = 2.29; 95%CI: 1.79-2.93), being overweight (vs. normal; OR = 1.24; 95%CI: 0.99-1.55) or obese (vs. normal; OR = 1.44; 95%CI: 1.09-1.89), having reported more than seven sexual partners in a lifetime (vs. < 3 partners; OR = 2.00; 95%CI: 1.49-2.68), and having reported more than 5 orgasms a month prior to PC diagnosis (vs. ≤3 orgasms; OR = 1.59; 95%CI: 1.18-2.15). PC risk was lower for men whose timing of puberty was later than their peers (vs. same as peers; OR = 0.75; 95%CI: 0.59-0.97), and a smaller risk reduction of was observed in men whose timing of puberty was earlier than their peers (vs. same as peers; OR = 0.85; 95%CI: 0.61-1.17). No associations were found between PC risk and vertex balding, erectile function, acne, circumcision, vasectomy, asthma or diabetes. These results support a role for adult body size, sexual activity, and adolescent sexual development in PC development.
Overweight, obesity and endometrial cancer risk: results from a systematic review and meta-analysis.$$$ AIM: Findings from recent studies suggest that obesity may be associated with an increased risk of endometrial cancer, but several earlier studies were less conclusive. Here we strive to estimate this relationship in a meta-analysis of published data. METHODS: We searched Pubmed and Embase for studies on body mass index and the risk of endometrial cancer, published from 1989 to 2011. Data were independently extracted and analyzed using random or fixed effects meta-analysis depending on the degree of heterogeneity. RESULTS: Seven cohort studies and 11 case-control studies were included in the meta-analysis. Overall, the conditions of excess body weight ([EBW] defined as body mass index [BMI] ≥25 kg/m²), obesity (BMI ≥30 kg/m²) and overweight (25< BMI <30 kg/m²) were associated with an increased risk of endometrial cancer (relative risk [RR] for EBW=1.62, 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.39-1.89; for obesity RR=2.54, 95% CI, 2.11-3.06; for overweight RR=1.32, 95% CI, 1.16-1.50). Subgroup analyses showed that the positive associations were independent of study design, geographic locations, self-reported BMI, alcohol use, smoking habit, history of diabetes, hormone therapy, age at menarche, age at menopause, parity, and age at first full term pregnancy. However, there was no statistically significant association between EBW and endometrial cancer risk for measured BMI (for EBW RR=1.29, 95% CI, 0.66-2.53). CONCLUSIONS: The findings from this meta-analysis strongly support that the conditions of EBW, overweight, and obesity are all associated with an increased risk of endometrial cancer. Also, the strength of the association increases with increasing BMI. FAU - Zhang, Yuanyuan
Growth hormone testing for the diagnosis of growth hormone deficiency in childhood: a population register-based study.$$$ Evaluation of GH secretion using pharmacological GH stimulation tests (GHST) remains a current practice, although the reliability of GHST has been questioned, and many pitfalls have been pointed out. We have analyzed all of the 6373 GH stimulation tests that led to the initiation of GH therapy in 3233 children treated in France from 1973-1989. Tests and GH measurements were performed by individual centers and collected by the Association France-Hypophyse. GH deficiency (GHD) was due to craniospinal irradiation (11%), was due to organic causes or associated with multiple deficiencies (22%), or was considered idiopathic (65%); 2% of the patients were considered non-GHD. Eleven different pharmacological tests were used, and 62 of the 66 theoretical pairs of tests were used at least once. The most frequent combination of tests (ornithine in one instance and insulin in another) was used in 12.7% of patients. The reliability of the GH peak measured by comparing the results of 2 tests in the same patient was poor, as measured by intraclass correlation coefficients below 0.8. Multivariate analysis identified several parameters positively or negatively associated with peak plasma GH: calendar year of initiation of treatment, etiology of GHD, height SD score, bone age SD score, puberty, weight SD score, genetic target height SD score, and the nature of the pharmacological agent used. We believe that several of these factors (weight SD score, genetic target height SD score, and nature of the agent) identify biases in the diagnosis of GHD. We conclude that GHST should be performed with a very limited number of agents, interpreted after the establishment of reference values in age-matched normal children, and associated with other clinical and biochemical parameters for establishing the diagnosis of GHD. FAU - Carel, J C
Dietary factors associated with metabolic syndrome and its components in overweight and obese Brazilian schoolchildren: a cross-sectional study.$$$ BACKGROUND: The metabolic syndrome (MS) has been assessed since childhood mainly because of the nutritional and epidemiological transition that has occurred worldwide. Our objectives were to explore the MS and its components according to anthropometric and demographic factors and to assess the relationship among MS components and dietary characteristics in overweight and obese schoolchildren. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study which included 147 schoolchildren (aged 6-10 years) from three elementary schools, with body mass index (BMI) higher than the 85th percentile. Sexual maturation stages, anthropometric measures (weight, height, skinfold thickness and waist circumference), biochemical data (glucose, HDL-C and triacylglycerol), blood pressure and dietary intake were assessed. The metabolic syndrome was diagnosed if three or more of the following components were presented: waist circumference ≥90th age and sex-specific cut-off, blood pressure ≥90th age, sex and height-specific cut-off, glucose ≥100 mg/dL, HDL-C ≥ 40 mg/dL and triacylglycerols ≥ 110 mg/dL. The dietary intake was assessed by three non-consecutive 24-h recalls. The T test, Kruskal-Wallis and multiple linear regression analysis were applied to assess MS components and dietary intake. RESULTS: The MS percentage was 10.2 % and it was higher in obese children and ones with high body fat percentage. The waist circumference was the main altered component of MS and 62 % of overweight schoolchildren showed at least one altered component of MS. The components of metabolic syndrome associated with dietary intake were triacylglycerol (positive association with saturated and monounsaturated fat, whole-milk products and processed foods and negative associated with legumes and polyunsaturated fat), glycemia (positive association with processed foods and negative with cereals), HDL-C (positive association with vegetables and greens) and waist circumference was negative associated with protein. CONCLUSIONS: The frequency of MS was higher in obese than overweight schoolchildren and the frequency of at least one MS component was high in more than half of our subjects. The waist circumference was the most frequent among all other components. The triacylglycerol and glycemia were the most frequent MS components associated with dietary intake. Unprocessed food was considered a protective dietary factor for MS metabolic components and processed food with high percentage of sugar and saturated fat was a risk factor for MS metabolic components. FAU - Rinaldi, Ana Elisa Madalena
Percentage fractions of urinary di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate metabolites: Association with obesity and insulin resistance in Korean girls.$$$ OBJECTIVE: We assessed the associations of percentage fractions of urinary di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) metabolites with obesity and insulin resistance in Korean girls. METHODS: In total, 137 girls, aged 6 to 13 years (65 overweight cases and 72 controls), were recruited. Anthropometric indices and the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index were determined. Four major urinary DEHP metabolites were analyzed in spot urine samples by gas chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry, including mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate, mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate (MEHHP), mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate (MEOHP), and mono(2-ethyl-5-carboxypentyl) phthalate. RESULTS: There were no significant differences in the urinary concentrations of the DEHP metabolites between the overweight and control groups. The percentage fraction of MEHHP (MEHHP%) among all DEHP metabolites was significantly higher in the overweight prepubertal girls than in the controls (P = 0.035). MEHHP% was positively associated with the body mass index percentile, waist circumference, body fat percentage, and HOMA-IR index in the prepubertal girls. After adjusting for covariates, the prepubertal girls in a higher MEHHP% quartile were found to have a higher odds ratio for central obesity than those in a lower quartile (odds ratios: 5.05 for quartile 3; 7.30 for quartile 4). The relative rate of MEHHP oxidation to MEOHP was negatively associated with the body mass index percentile and waist circumference in the prepubertal girls. However, no such association was observed in the pubertal girls. CONCLUSIONS: MEHHP% was positively associated with obesity and insulin resistance in prepubertal girls. Further studies are necessary to elucidate the causal links between altered phthalate metabolism and increased susceptibility to insulin resistance in children. FAU - Kim, Shin-Hye
Mouse breast cancer model-dependent changes in metabolic syndrome-associated phenotypes caused by maternal dioxin exposure and dietary fat.$$$ Diets high in fat are associated with increased susceptibility to obesity and metabolic syndrome. Increased adipose tissue that is caused by high-fat diets (HFD) results in altered storage of lipophilic toxicants like 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD), which may further increase susceptibility to metabolic syndrome. Because both TCDD and HFD are associated with increased breast cancer risk, we examined their effects on metabolic syndrome-associated phenotypes in three mouse models of breast cancer: 7,12-dimethylbenz[a]anthracene (DMBA), Tg(MMTV-Neu)202Mul/J (HER2), and TgN(MMTV-PyMT)634Mul/J (PyMT), all on an FVB/N genetic background. Pregnant mice dosed with 1 microg/kg of TCDD or vehicle on gestational day 12.5 were placed on a HFD or low-fat diet (LFD) at parturition. Body weights, percent body fat, and fasting blood glucose were measured longitudinally, and triglycerides were measured at study termination. On HFD, all cancer models reached the pubertal growth spurt ahead of FVB controls. Among mice fed HFD, the HER2 model had a greater increase in body weight and adipose tissue from puberty through adulthood compared with the PyMT and DMBA models. However, the DMBA model consistently had higher fasting blood glucose levels than the PyMT and HER2 models. TCDD only impacted serum triglycerides in the PyMT model maintained on HFD. Because the estrogenic activity of the HFD was three times lower than that of the LFD, differential dietary estrogenic activities did not drive the observed phenotypic differences. Rather, the HFD-dependent changes were cancer model dependent. These results show that cancer models can have differential effects on metabolic syndrome-associated phenotypes even before cancers arise. FAU - La Merrill, Michele
Hypothalamo-pituitary-adrenal axis integrity after cranial irradiation for childhood posterior fossa tumours.$$$ BACKGROUND: The evolution of anterior pituitary deficits after treatment for pituitary tumours has been largely attributed to local irradiation, but may be influenced as much by tumour mass or surgery. Other than growth hormone (GH) insufficiency, the late endocrinopathies after survival from non-central brain tumours have been little documented. The aim of this study was to investigate the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis in long-term survivors of cranial irradiation for childhood posterior fossa tumours. PROCEDURE: We studied long-term data in patients treated prepubertally for posterior fossa brain tumours and systematically referred by radiation oncologists for growth and pubertal monitoring to the London Centre for Paediatric Endocrinology over the last 25 years. They must have undergone HPA axis assessment twice, first prepubertally at documentation of growth failure, and second at completion of growth and puberty. Data on sixteen patients (12 males, 4 females; median age: 5.7 years, range: 2.5-8.8 years), who had undergone excision surgery with high dose cranial irradiation and/or chemotherapy for childhood posterior fossa tumours, were examined. Patients were followed for a median of 11.0 (range: 6.8-21.4) years after radiotherapy. HPA axis assessment was undertaken with the insulin-induced hypoglycaemia test (ITT). Basal thyroid, cortisol and gonadal function tests were undertaken annually throughout the follow-up period and any deficits replaced. RESULTS: At each ITT, all patients mounted an inadequate GH response. By the end of the follow-up period all patients remained severely GH deficient, two (12.5%) had partial ACTH insufficiency, one (6.3%) had secondary hypothyroidism but none were gonadotropin deficient or hyperprolactinaemic. CONCLUSIONS: Unlike the severe, evolving multiple pituitary deficits after treatment of pituitary or central tumours in adults, these findings in children with posterior fossa tumours suggest that, with the exception of GH, neurotoxicity due to irradiation per se is associated with a low prevalence of anterior pituitary hormone deficiencies, even at a long follow-up. Since the children in this study were selected for assessment on the basis of growth failure, the high prevalence of GH insufficiency at first testing is to be expected; however, the early onset (within 1-3 years of irradiation) and permanence we have identified supports the view that GH is the most sensitive hormone to radiation injury.
Obesity, central adiposity and cardiometabolic risk factors in children and adolescents: a family-based study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to assess genetic and phenotypic correlations of obesity-related cardiometabolic risk factors in a family-based cohort. METHODS: Anthropometric, body composition and biochemical measurements were collected on 999 members of 111 extended Midwestern US families of Northern European origin. Forward stepwise regression was used to identify which of Tanner stage, sex, Tanner stage by sex, body fat mass index, body fat percentage (dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry), visceral fat (VF)/subcutaneous fat (SubQF) (computed tomography scans for adults or magnetic resonance imaging for children), VF, SubQF, body mass index (BMI)% and waist to height ratio most influence homeostasis model assessment (HOMA), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c), plasma triglycerides (TG) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c). RESULTS: In children and adolescents, subcutaneous adiposity was the most significant covariate for HOMA (P < 0.001) and TG (P = 0.001), and BMI percentile for HDL-c (P = 0.002) and LDL-c (P < 0.001). In adults, waist-height ratio (P < 0.001), VF/SubQF ratio (P = 0.001) and BMI (P = 0.02) were most significant for HOMA; VF (P < 0.001) and BMI (P = 0.02) for TG and VF for LDL-c (P = 0.001). CONCLUSION: Subcutaneous adiposity at the waist is a more significant predictor of metabolic syndrome traits in children and adolescents than it is in adults.
Increasing central adiposity: the Nepean longitudinal study of young people aged 7-8 to 12-13 y.$$$ BACKGROUND: Estimates of the prevalence of overweight and obesity in young people are typically based on body mass index (BMI). However, BMI may not indicate the level of central adiposity. Waist circumference has therefore been recommended to identify young people at risk of morbidity associated with central adiposity. OBJECTIVE: To investigate (a) change in total and central adiposity between 7-8 and 12-13 y (b) agreement between classifying young people as overweight or obese based on total adiposity and central adiposity, and (c) risk factors associated with the development of total and central adiposity. DESIGN: Anthropometric measurements were taken on 342 children in 1996/97 and 5 y later. Risk factors examined included birth weight, physical activity, TV viewing, pubertal status, parental adiposity, diet and socio-economic status. RESULTS: Between 7-8 and 12-13 y indices of central adiposity increased more than total adiposity; waist circumference z-score increased by (mean+/-s.d.) 0.74+/-0.92 and BMI z-score increased by 0.18+/-0.67. At 12-13 y there was moderate agreement between the two measures of adiposity (weighted kappa=0.64). However, waist circumference identified a greater number of young people as overweight or obese compared to BMI (41.2 vs 29.3%, P<0.001). Adiposity status at 7-8 y, maternal obesity, and pubertal stage were the strongest predictors of BMI status at 12-13 y. Risk factors associated with increased central adiposity were similar. CONCLUSIONS: Overweight and obesity, as measured by waist circumference, is a bigger problem than is currently assessed by BMI. Targeting known risk factors for total adiposity may be an appropriate strategy for preventing increased central adiposity. FAU - Garnett, S P
Dynamic endocrine testing and magnetic resonance imaging in the long-term follow-up of childhood langerhans cell histiocytosis.$$$ Children treated for Langerhans cell histiocytosis (LCH) are at risk for short and long term endocrine sequelae, but biological predictors of specific deficits are not well defined. We evaluated the frequency and progression of LCH-related endocrine deficits during long term follow-up and assessed the ability of dynamic endocrine testing to identify patients at risk for late anterior or posterior pituitary hormone dysfunction. The 17 patients (5 males and 12 females) were followed a median of 10 yr after diagnosis of single system (n = 6) or multisystem (n = 11) disease. Study evaluations, performed a median of 4.1 yr after the diagnosis, comprised pituitary hormone responses to the appropriate challenge, 7-h water deprivation test, 3% hypertonic saline infusion, and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). The six patients with GH deficiency at the time of evaluation had a significantly lower GH response to GHRH than the other patients [median peak, 7.3 vs. 21.5 micrograms/L (P = 0.03); median area under the curve, 4.7 vs. 13.5 micrograms/L (P = 0.03)]; levels in the latter group did not differ significantly from those in 20 age- and sex-matched controls with constitutional or familial short stature. Two patients who had GH responses to GHRH of 20.6 and 23 ng/mL at 2.8 and 9.5 yr of age developed GH deficiency at 6.5 and 11.2 yr of age, respectively. The TSH response to TRH was less than 10 mU/L in three patients, two of whom later developed central hypothyroidism. ACTH and cortisol responses to CRF, and PRL responses to TRH were normal in all cases, and LH and FSH responses to GnRH were compatible with pubertal stage. Abnormalities in arginine vasopressin responses to water deprivation or hypertonic saline infusion were seen only in four patients who had preexisting diabetes insipidus (DI); one patient who later developed DI had normal findings. On standard MRI, posterior pituitary hyperintensity was absent only in the patients with DI. Pituitary stalk thickening was seen in seven patients, including three who did not have DI and had normal arginine vasopressin responses. Delayed posterior and anterior enhancement on dynamic MRI was present in two patients, both of whom later developed central hypothyroidism. Patients with single system disease had a lower 5-yr probability of LCH reactivation (41% vs. 83% for those with multisystem disease; P = 0.21) and a significantly lower risk of endocrine dysfunction (P = 0.007). In this series, dynamic evaluation of pituitary function was not a useful predictor of late endocrine sequelae, with the possible exception of the progressively decreasing TSH response to TRH. Similarly, a standard MRI was not predictive, although dynamic imaging may be informative regarding evolving pituitary hormone deficiency. FAU - Maghnie, M
Hostility and adiposity mediate disparities in insulin resistance among adolescents and young adults.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study explores whether the relationship between lower socioeconomic status and insulin resistance in adolescents is mediated by both physiological and psychological factors associated with increased cardiometabolic risk. STUDY DESIGN: School-based longitudinal cohort study of 1222 healthy, non-Hispanic black and white teens. Parent education (PE), youth-specific Cook-Medley hostility scale, waist circumference, height, weight, pubertal status, and fasting plasma insulin (FPI) were measured and FPI reassessed 1 year later. Regression analyses utilizing bootstrapping (n=2000) were used to estimate the direct and indirect effects of PE on FPI and assess the role of hostility and adiposity while adjusting for covariates. RESULTS: Lower PE predicted higher FPI (B=-1.52, P=.003), as did hostility (B=.19, P=.002) and adiposity (waist circumference B=.44, P<.001, BMI B=.98, P<.001). The effect of PE on FPI was mediated by both hostility and adiposity. When adiposity and hostility were accounted for, the effect of PE on FPI decreased by 32% (B=-1.04, P=.04); the total indirect estimate was -.485 (95% CI, -.652, -.041). Hostility accounted for 36% of the meditational effect. CONCLUSIONS: Lower PE influences insulin resistance through adiposity and hostility. Thus, interventions to reduce health disparities associated with insulin resistance should consider both physiological and psychological approaches.
Trajectories of Growth and Serum DHEAS and IGF-1 Concentrations in Girls With a History of Premature Adrenarche: Attenuation of the Phenotype by Adulthood.$$$ Background: It has been speculated that premature adrenarche (PA) could lead to unfavorable outcome, including shorter adult stature, but longitudinal follow-up data are insufficient. Methods: This prospective case-control study included 30 PA and 42 control females who were born mostly full-term and appropriate for gestational age. They were examined first at the median age of 7.6 years and now at 18.1 years. Main outcome measures were height, body mass index (BMI), age at menarche, and serum dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS) and insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) concentrations. Results: The PA and control females had comparable mean (standard deviation) adult height [167.2 (6.8) vs. 164.5 (5.1) cm, P = 0.059] and median (25th-75th percentiles) BMI [22.8 (21.1-28.9) vs. 21.6 (19.8-24.3) kg/m(2), P = 0.068, respectively]. Adult heights were comparable with the mid-parental heights in both study groups. The PA females were taller than the controls until the age of 12 years and they lacked a distinct pubertal growth spurt. Serum DHEAS and IGF-1 concentrations did not differ between the PA and control groups at the age of 18 years. Median (range) age at menarche was significantly lower in the PA than control females [11.5 (9.5-15.0) vs. 13.0 (10.0-15.0), P = 0.001]. Conclusions: Although PA girls have advanced growth and earlier pubertal development together with a tendency to be more overweight, their height, BMI, and serum DHEAS and IGF-1 concentrations are comparable to those of their peers at the age of 18 years. Our findings indicate a benign outcome of PA in appropriate for gestational age -born females concerning adult height and adrenal androgen secretion. FAU - Liimatta, Jani
Endocrine abnormalities in ring chromosome 11: a case report and review of the literature.$$$ Ring chromosomes (RCs) are uncommon cytogenetic findings, and RC11 has only been described in 19 cases in the literature. Endocrine abnormalities associated with RC11 were reported for two of these cases. The clinical features of RC11 can result from an alteration in the structure of the genetic material, ring instability, mosaicism, and various extents of genetic material loss. We herein describe a case of RC11 with clinical features of 11q-syndrome and endocrine abnormalities that have not yet been reported. A 20-year-old female patient had facial dysmorphism, short stature, psychomotor developmental delays, a ventricular septal defect, and thrombocytopenia. Karyotyping demonstrated RC11 (46,XX,r(11)(p15q25)). This patient presented with clinical features that may be related to Jacobsen syndrome, which is caused by partial deletion of the long arm of chromosome 11. Regarding endocrine abnormalities, our patient presented with precocious puberty followed by severe hirsutism, androgenic alopecia, clitoromegaly, and amenorrhea, which were associated with overweight, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and hyperinsulinemia; therefore, this case meets the diagnostic criteria for polycystic ovary syndrome. Endocrine abnormalities are rare in patients with RC11, and the association of RC11 with precocious puberty, severe clinical hyperandrogenism, insulin resistance, and T2DM has not been reported previously. We speculate that gene(s) located on chromosome 11 might be involved in the pathogenesis of these conditions. Despite the rarity of RCs, studies to correlate the genes located on the chromosomes with the phenotypes observed could lead to major advances in the understanding and treatment of more prevalent diseases. LEARNING POINTS: We hypothesize that the endocrine features of precocious puberty, severe clinical hyperandrogenism, insulin resistance, and T2DM might be associated with 11q-syndrome.A karyotype study should be performed in patients with short stature and facial dysmorphism.Early diagnosis and adequate management of these endocrine abnormalities are essential to improve the quality of life of the patient and to prevent other chronic diseases, such as diabetes and its complications. FAU - Lange, Renata
Short-term glucocorticoid treatment of prepubertal mice decreases growth and IGF-I expression in the growth plate.$$$ The insulin-like growth factor (IGF) system is an important mediator of postnatal longitudinal growth, and the growth inhibiting effects of glucocorticoid (GC) treatment are suggested to be due to impaired action of the IGF system. However, the precise changes of the IGFs and the IGF-binding proteins (IGFBPs) in the growth plate, occurring upon short-term GC treatment have not been characterized. Prepubertal mice treated daily with dexamethasone (DXM) for 7 days, showed significant growth inhibition of total body length and weight and weight of the liver, thymus and spleen, whereas the weight of the kidneys was not affected. Analysis of the tibial growth plate showed that the total growth plate width significantly decreased to 84.5% of control values, caused by a significant decrease in the proliferative zone. The number of proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA)-positive chondrocytes in the proliferative zone decreased significantly (to 40%) and TUNEL staining showed a significant 1.6-fold increase in apoptotic hypertrophic chondrocytes. In the growth plates, both IGF-I and IGF-II, as well as IGFBP-2 mRNAs were detected, mainly in the proliferative and prehypertrophic zones. DXM treatment significantly decreased the number of chondrocytes expressing IGF-I, whereas the number of chondrocytes expressing IGF-II and IGFBP-2 were not affected. The decrease in IGF-I expression in the growth plate indicates that GC treatment affects IGF-I at the local level of the growth plate, which could contribute to the GC-induced growth retardation. FAU - Smink, J J
Endocrinology of obese and nonobese endometrial cancer patients: is there role of tumor molecular-biological type?$$$ Aim: To compare endocrine characteristics of  endometrial cancer (EC) patients based on recent molecular EC types classification. Materials & methods: A total of 234 treatment-naive EC patients as well their tumors were studied. Results: Patients with POLE mutations demonstrated tendency to lower body mass index (BMI) and higher serum estradiol. Patients with p53 overexpression were older and had higher diabetes incidence. In the without characteristic molecular profile group there was no difference in fasting serum insulin, estradiol and testosterone levels between women with BMI ≥30.0 and <30.0. The mismatch repair deficient group patients had a tendency toward later menarche compared with the without characteristic molecular profile group one. Conclusion: Studied endocrine characteristics are associated with BMI or tumor molecular-biological type that might be relevant to EC genesis, course and prognosis. FAU - Berstein, Lev M
The etiology of uterine sarcomas: a pooled analysis of the epidemiology of endometrial cancer consortium.$$$ BACKGROUND: Uterine sarcomas are characterised by early age at diagnosis, poor prognosis, and higher incidence among Black compared with White women, but their aetiology is poorly understood. Therefore, we performed a pooled analysis of data collected in the Epidemiology of Endometrial Cancer Consortium. We also examined risk factor associations for malignant mixed mullerian tumours (MMMTs) and endometrioid endometrial carcinomas (EECs) for comparison purposes. METHODS: We pooled data on 229 uterine sarcomas, 244 MMMTs, 7623 EEC cases, and 28,829 controls. Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for risk factors associated with uterine sarcoma, MMMT, and EEC were estimated with polytomous logistic regression. We also examined associations between epidemiological factors and histological subtypes of uterine sarcoma. RESULTS: Significant risk factors for uterine sarcoma included obesity (body mass index (BMI)≥30 vs BMI<25 kg m(-2) (OR: 1.73, 95% CI: 1.22-2.46), P-trend=0.008) and history of diabetes (OR: 2.33, 95% CI: 1.41-3.83). Older age at menarche was inversely associated with uterine sarcoma risk (≥15 years vs <11 years (OR: 0.70, 95% CI: 0.34-1.44), P-trend: 0.04). BMI was significantly, but less strongly related to uterine sarcomas compared with EECs (OR: 3.03, 95% CI: 2.82-3.26) or MMMTs (OR: 2.25, 95% CI: 1.60-3.15, P-heterogeneity=0.01). CONCLUSION: In the largest aetiological study of uterine sarcomas, associations between menstrual, hormonal, and anthropometric risk factors and uterine sarcoma were similar to those identified for EEC. Further exploration of factors that might explain patterns of age- and race-specific incidence rates for uterine sarcoma are needed. FAU - Felix, A S
Use of recombinant human growth hormone in children with thalassemia.$$$ BACKGROUND: Growth failure occurs in children with chronic anemias and, in particular, in approximately 30% of those with thalassemia. METHODS: We assessed recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) use in a large cohort of children with thalassemia enrolled in the Pfizer International Growth Study Database (KIGS). RESULTS: We identified 147 short children with thalassemia who were treated with rhGH in KIGS. Of these, approximately 40% had a primary diagnosis of GH deficiency (GHD). They had low birth weight, short parents, reduced genetic height potential, low insulin-like growth factor I levels and delayed bone age. Treatment with rhGH for 1 year resulted in a significantly increased growth rate regardless of underlying GH or pubertal status. Although the resultant growth rates for thalassemic children were significantly higher than at baseline, they were less than those seen in similarly treated short children with or without GHD. CONCLUSIONS: GH testing should be performed in short thalassemic children, and those with GHD should be treated with rhGH. The value of rhGH therapy in short thalassemic children without GHD is less clear-cut and requires further study regarding final height outcome.
Clinicopathological and radiological study of Egyptian β-thalassemia intermedia and β-thalassemia major patients: relation to complications and response to therapy.$$$ The clinico epidemiological characteristics, frequency of complications, and response to various therapeutic modalities in 80 Egyptian β-thalassemia intermedia (β-TI) patients were compared with 70 β-thalassemia major (β-TM) patients. β-Thalassemia intermedia patients had a higher incidence of left atrium dilatation, right ventricular dilatation and pulmonary hypertension, whereas, β-TM patients showed a higher incidence of left ventricular (LV) dilatation, restrictive LV filling and impaired LV contractility, with an overall higher incidence of heart disease (p <0.001). Short stature, delayed puberty, osteoporosis, bone fractures, diabetes mellitus and viral hepatitis was frequently observed in β-TM patients compared with β-TI patients (p <0.05). Administration of hydroxyurea (HU) alone was associated with significant improvement in hematological parameters and quality of life for β-TI patients. In conclusion, the risk of complications still burdens the life of Egyptian thalassemia patients and their frequency varies between β-TI and β-TM. We provide evidence that calls for the use of HU in β-TI patients. FAU - Mokhtar, Galila M
Characteristic growth pattern in male X-linked phosphorylase-b kinase deficiency (GSD IX).$$$ Growth retardation is one of the clinical characteristics of glycogen storage disease (GSD) type IX. Initial growth retardation has been described in a few case reports, followed by a complete catch-up in growth. This study aimed to determine the growth pattern of patients with GSD IX. Growth charts of 51 male Dutch patients with GSD IX (age 0-33 years, median follow-up time 8.3 years (range 0-30.5 years)) were studied retrospectively and compared with Dutch standard growth charts. Patients had a normal height at birth, significant growth retardation between the ages of 2 and 10 years (mean z-score -1.96), delayed growth spurt in puberty and catch-up towards quite normal final height (mean z-score -0.55). We conclude that GSD IX patients have a specific growth pattern characterized by initial growth retardation, a late growth spurt and complete catch-up in final height. Intervention for growth retardation is therefore in general not warranted. It is speculated that mild hypoglycaemia related to the disorder may cause endocrine changes. Because the glucose need per kg bodyweight decreases with age, the enzyme defect becomes less important with ageing and the effect on growth diminishes. FAU - Schippers, H M
Small pituitary size in children with Fanconi anemia.$$$ BACKGROUND: Fanconi anemia (FA) is a genetic disorder associated with multiple congenital anomalies, bone marrow failure, and pituitary hypofunction including hypogonadism, thyroid dysfunction, and growth hormone (GH) deficiency. PROCEDURE: Among 44 patients with FA referred to Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center (CCHMC) between 1975 and 2005, 33 had neuroimaging studies, including 11 cranial magnetic resonance imaging (MRIs). Two separate measurements per patient from these MRIs were used to evaluate pituitary height compared to on-site control data of similar measurements of cranial MRIs on 22 age and gender-matched children without any pathology involving the hypothalamic-pituitary system. Growth pattern and endocrine studies were reviewed to assess potential correlation with pituitary size. RESULTS: When compared to the age-gender matched on-site control sample, the mean pituitary height of FA patients was significantly smaller (P < 0.0001; mean +/- SE from mixed effects model with age and gender as covariates: 3.96 +/- 0.32 vs. 5.76 +/- 0.24). Upon further adjusting for the effect of the small head size by including bi-parietal diameter (BPD) as a covariate, the difference remained statistically significant (P = 0.0013). Findings on the growth pattern and endocrinological measurements are as follows: 50% of patients with small pituitary gland were short. GH and adrenal function tests were normal in all tested patients. Thyroid, pubertal status, and glucose regulation were abnormal in 30, 50, and 75% of patients tested. CONCLUSIONS: Children with FA tend to have unsuspected small pituitary glands beyond what is expected from the effects of their stunted growth. Further studies are required to reveal the clinical implications of this finding. FAU - Sherafat-Kazemzadeh, Rosa
Intragastric balloon as an adjunct to lifestyle programme in severely obese adolescents: impact on biomedical outcomes and skeletal health.$$$ Intragastric Balloons are a temporary, reversible and safer option compared to bariatric surgery to promote significant weight loss, leading to improved metabolic outcomes. However, due to subsequent weight regain, alternative procedures are now preferred in adults. In adolescents, more amenable to lifestyle change, balloons may be an alternative to less reversible procedures. Our aim was to assess the tolerability and efficacy of the intragastric balloon in severely obese adolescents and the impact of associated weight loss on biomedical outcomes (glucose metabolism, blood pressure, lipid profiles) and bone density. A 2-year cohort study of 12 adolescents (BMI >3.5 s.d., Tanner stage >4) following 6 months intragastric balloon placement was carried out. Subjects underwent anthropometry, oral glucose tolerance test, and DEXA scans at 0, 6 and 24 months. The results showed clinically relevant improvements in blood pressure, insulin: glucose metabolism, liver function and sleep apnoea at 6 months. Changes were not sustained at 2 years though some parameters (Diastolic BP, HBA1c, insulin AUC) demonstrated longer-term improvement despite weight regain. Despite weight loss, bone mass accrual showed age appropriate increases. In conclusion, the intragastric balloon was safe, well tolerated and effective in supporting short-term weight loss and clinically relevant improvement in obesity-related complications, which resolved in some individuals. Benefits were not sustained in the majority at 2 years. FAU - Sachdev, P
Clinical but Not Histological Outcomes in Males With 45,X/46,XY Mosaicism Vary Depending on Reason for Diagnosis.$$$ CONTEXT: Larger studies on outcomes in males with 45,X/46,XY mosaicism are rare. OBJECTIVE: To compare health outcomes in males with 45,X/46,XY diagnosed as a result of either genital abnormalities at birth or nongenital reasons later in life. DESIGN: A retrospective, multicenter study. SETTING: Sixteen tertiary centers. PATIENTS OR OTHER PARTICIPANTS: Sixty-three males older than 13 years with 45,X/46,XY mosaicism. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Health outcomes, such as genital phenotype, gonadal function, growth, comorbidities, fertility, and gonadal histology, including risk of neoplasia. RESULTS: Thirty-five patients were in the genital group and 28 in the nongenital. Eighty percent of all patients experienced spontaneous pubertal onset, significantly more in the nongenital group (P = 0.023). Patients were significantly shorter in the genital group with median adult heights of 156.7 cm and 164.5 cm, respectively (P = 0.016). Twenty-seven percent of patients received recombinant human GH. Forty-four patients had gonadal histology evaluated. Germ cells were detected in 42%. Neoplasia in situ was found in five patients. Twenty-five percent had focal spermatogenesis, and another 25.0% had arrested spermatogenesis. Fourteen out of 17 (82%) with semen analyses were azoospermic; three had motile sperm. CONCLUSION: Patients diagnosed as a result of genital abnormalities have poorer health outcomes than those diagnosed as a result of nongenital reasons. Most patients, however, have relatively good endocrine gonadal function, but most are also short statured. Patients have a risk of gonadal neoplasia, and most are azoospermic, but almost one-half of patients has germ cells present histologically and up to one-quarter has focal spermatogenesis, providing hope for fertility treatment options.
Does plasma IGF-BP3 measurement contribute to the diagnosis of growth hormone deficiency in children?$$$ OBJECTIVE: To audit the contribution of plasma IGF-PB3 measurement to the diagnosis of growth hormone deficiency (GHD) in children. POPULATION AND METHODS: Retrospective case study including boys and girls aged 0 to 18 years who attended our paediatric endocrinology clinic for short stature and/or post-irradiation follow-up, and had at least one GH provocative testing. Children with hypothyroidism, Laron or Kowarski syndromes, severe malnutrition, chronic renal failure and liver failure were excluded. RESULTS: Fifty-eight children were enrolled and grouped as GHD [+] (19 cases) and GDH [-] (39 cases). IGF-I and IGF-BP3 assay was carried out in 88% and 62% cases respectively, both groups were comparable for age, sex, BMI, target height, pubertal stage and bone age. There was a significant difference in peak GH between GDH [-] and GHD [+] groups (41.8 mUI/L ± 21.7 versus 11.5 ± 5.9 mUI/L, P<0.00001, respectively). No difference was found between groups with regards to IGF-I Z-scores and IGF-BP3 Z-scores. There was, however, a positive correlation between IGF-I Z-scores and IGF-BP3 Z-scores (r=0.50; P<0.0016). IGF-BP3 measurement could not differentiate between GHD [+] and GHD [-] groups. CONCLUSIONS: Measurement of plasma IGF-BP3 level contributes poorly to the diagnosis of GHD. We do not recommend it in routine use.
Alterations in serum growth hormone (GH)/GH dependent ternary complex components (IGF-I, IGFBP-3, ALS, IGF-I/IGFBP-3 molar ratio) and the influence of these alterations on growth pattern in female rhythmic gymnasts.$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIM: Normal growth in children is regulated to a great extent through the actions of the GH/IGF-I axis, a system consisting of GH and its mediators (ternary complex) that modulate growth in many tissues. The ternary complex (IGF-I/IGFBP-3/ALS) provides an acute regulatory mechanism in which IGF-I may be mobilized from the circulating reservoir of 150 kDa complexes to the tissues. Acute exercise is known to be a stimulus for GH secretion. The beneficial effects of scheduled exercise on body composition are also well established. However, the impact of strenuous exercise on the pubertal development of child athletes is still not well understood. The first goal of this study was to assess the acute effects of high intensity exercise training on GH-dependent ternary complex components in female rhythmic gymnasts compared to age-matched healthy female controls with normal physical activity. The second goal was to explore the influence of these exercise-induced changes on skeletal and pubertal growth in the same group prospectively over a period of 4 years. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Seventeen female rhythmic gymnasts, aged 11.4 +/- 0.9 years, who had 10 h per week intense exercise for at least 4 months volunteered to participate in this study. Anthropometric measurement of height (Height SDS for chronological age [HtSDS(CA)], parentally adjusted height, predicted adult height), bone age and weight (BMI) were made using standard techniques in gymnasts and controls (aged 12.5 +/- 3.0 years, n = 12). Gymnasts were followed up to 4 years to observe growth velocity and pubertal progression. In order to determine the acute impact of exercise on levels of GH and GH-dependent ternary complex component (IGF-I, IGFBP-3, ALS, IGF-I/IGFBP-3 molar ratio), blood samples were obtained from gymnasts after a routine 2-h high-intensity training program and then after a 2-day rest period. These results were compared with age-matched controls with no scheduled sports activity. RESULTS: Despite the significant increment in serum GH and GH-dependent components immediately following the exercise, serum GH/IGF-I levels showed a significant decrement (p < 0.01) after a 2-day rest in gymnasts, to a nadir as low as those of the control subjects' baseline levels (p < 0.01). There was no difference in anthropometric characteristics of gymnasts and controls except BMI; gymnasts were leaner than controls. During a 4-year follow up, there were no differences between the gymnasts and controls in regard to skeletal growth and reaching their predicted height. However, in gymnasts there was a delay in pubertal tempo but not in growth. CONCLUSION: Intense exercise induces an acute rise in GH levels, but this acute elevation rapidly normalizes after a 2-day rest in female rhythmic gymnasts. These fluctuations in serum GH and GH-dependent ternary complex components had no reflection on the skeletal growth patterns in gymnasts over the 4-year follow up but there was a delay in their pubertal progression. FAU - Adiyaman, P
Genetic predisposition to higher body fat yet lower cardiometabolic risk in children and adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: Most obese children show cardiometabolic impairments, such as insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, and hypertension. Yet some obese children retain a normal cardiometabolic profile. The mechanisms underlying this variability remain largely unknown. We examined whether genetic loci associated with increased insulin sensitivity and relatively higher fat storage on the hip than on the waist in adults are associated with a normal cardiometabolic profile despite higher adiposity in children. METHODS: We constructed a genetic score using variants previously linked to increased insulin sensitivity and/or decreased waist-hip ratio adjusted for body mass index (BMI), and examined the associations of this genetic score with adiposity and cardiometabolic impairments in a meta-analysis of six cohorts, including 7391 European children aged 3-18 years. RESULTS: The genetic score was significantly associated with increased degree of obesity (higher BMI-SDS beta = 0.009 SD/allele, SE = 0.003, P = 0.003; higher body fat mass beta = 0.009, SE = 0.004, P = 0.031), yet improved body fat distribution (lower WHR(adjBMI) beta = -0.014 SD/allele, SE = 0.006, P = 0.016), and favorable concentrations of blood lipids (higher HDL cholesterol: beta = 0.010 SD/allele, SE = 0.003, P = 0.002; lower triglycerides: beta = -0.011 SD/allele, SE = 0.003, P = 0.001) adjusted for age, sex, and puberty. No differences were detected between prepubertal and pubertal/postpubertal children. The genetic score predicted a normal cardiometabolic profile, defined by the presence of normal glucose and lipid concentrations, among obese children (OR = 1.07 CI 95% 1.01-1.13, P = 0.012, n = 536). CONCLUSIONS: Genetic predisposition to higher body fat yet lower cardiometabolic risk exerts its influence before puberty. FAU - Viitasalo, Anna
TSH and free triiodothyronine concentrations are associated with weight loss in a lifestyle intervention and weight regain afterwards in obese children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The impact of thyroid hormones on weight loss in lifestyle interventions and on weight regain afterwards is unknown. Therefore, we studied the relationships between TSH, free triiodothyronine (fT₃), free thyroxine (fT₄), and weight status, as well as their changes during and after a lifestyle intervention in obese children. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We evaluated the weight status as BMI-SDS in 477 obese children (mean age 10.6±2.7 years, 46% male, mean BMI 28.1±4.5  kg/m²) participating in a 1-year lifestyle intervention in a 2-year longitudinal study. Changes in BMI-SDS at 1 and 2 years were correlated with TSH, fT₃, and fT₄ concentrations at baseline and their changes during the intervention. RESULTS: A decrease in BMI-SDS during the intervention period (-0.32±0.38; P<0.001) was significantly positively associated with baseline TSH and fT₃ in multiple linear regression analyses adjusted for age, sex, pubertal stage, and baseline BMI-SDS. An increase in BMI-SDS after the end of the intervention (+0.05±0.36; P=0.011) was significantly related to the decreases in TSH and fT₃ during the intervention in multiple linear regression analyses adjusted for change in BMI-SDS during the intervention. In contrast to children with weight maintenance, children with weight regain after the end of the intervention demonstrated a decrease in their TSH levels (-0.1±1.6 vs +0.2±1.6 mU/l; P=0.03) and fT₃ (-0.2±1.1 vs +0.3±1.6  pg/ml; P<0.001) during the intervention. CONCLUSIONS: The decreases in TSH and fT₃ concentrations during the lifestyle intervention were associated with weight regain after the intervention. Future studies should confirm that the decreases in TSH and fT₃ levels associated with weight loss are related to the change in metabolism such as resting energy expenditure. FAU - Wolters, Barbara
The Early Growth Genetics (EGG) and EArly Genetics and Lifecourse Epidemiology (EAGLE) consortia: design, results and future prospects.$$$ The impact of many unfavorable childhood traits or diseases, such as low birth weight and mental disorders, is not limited to childhood and adolescence, as they are also associated with poor outcomes in adulthood, such as cardiovascular disease. Insight into the genetic etiology of childhood and adolescent traits and disorders may therefore provide new perspectives, not only on how to improve wellbeing during childhood, but also how to prevent later adverse outcomes. To achieve the sample sizes required for genetic research, the Early Growth Genetics (EGG) and EArly Genetics and Lifecourse Epidemiology (EAGLE) consortia were established. The majority of the participating cohorts are longitudinal population-based samples, but other cohorts with data on early childhood phenotypes are also involved. Cohorts often have a broad focus and collect(ed) data on various somatic and psychiatric traits as well as environmental factors. Genetic variants have been successfully identified for multiple traits, for example, birth weight, atopic dermatitis, childhood BMI, allergic sensitization, and pubertal growth. Furthermore, the results have shown that genetic factors also partly underlie the association with adult traits. As sample sizes are still increasing, it is expected that future analyses will identify additional variants. This, in combination with the development of innovative statistical methods, will provide detailed insight on the mechanisms underlying the transition from childhood to adult disorders. Both consortia welcome new collaborations. Policies and contact details are available from the corresponding authors of this manuscript and/or the consortium websites. FAU - Middeldorp, Christel M
Circulating levels of insulin-like growth factor I, its binding proteins -1,-2, -3, C-peptide and risk of postmenopausal breast cancer.$$$ Higher levels of circulating Insulin-like Growth Factor (IGF)-I may be associated with higher risks for premenopausal breast cancer. We investigate the associations between circulating levels of IGF-I, its binding proteins (IGFBPs) -1, -2, -3, C-peptide and postmenopausal breast cancer. This is a prospective study nested in 2 Dutch cohorts. The study population included women who were postmenopausal at baseline. Breast cancer cases were identified through linkage with cancer registries. Controls were matched to cases by cohort, age, date of blood donation and place of residence. In total, 149 breast cancer cases and 333 healthy controls were included. Plasma levels of IGF-I, IGFBP-1, -2, -3 and C-peptide were measured by radioimmunoassays. Estimates of the relative risk for breast cancer associated with the quartiles of the peptides' circulating levels were obtained by conditional logistic regression. Models were adjusted for BMI, age at menarche and age at first full-term delivery. For IGF-I, the adjusted OR (95% CI) of the top vs. bottom quartile was 1.1 (0.6; 2.1); for IGFBP-1 it was 0.7 (0.3; 1.3); for IGFBP-2, 1.1 (0.5; 2.4); for IGFBP-3, 1.6 (0.7; 3.5), for C-peptide, 1.3 (0.7; 2.7) and for IGF-I/IGFBP-3 ratio, 1.0 (0.5; 1.8). Our data do not support an association between postmenopausal circulating levels of IGF-I, IGFBP-1, -2, -3, C-peptide and postmenopausal breast cancer.
Age- and Gender-Specific Reference Intervals for Fasting Blood Glucose and Lipid Levels in School Children Measured With Abbott Architect c8000 Chemistry Analyzer.$$$ Reference intervals for pubertal characteristics are influenced by genetic, geographic, dietary and socioeconomic factors. Therefore, the aim of this study was to establish age-specific reference intervals of glucose and lipid levels among local school children. This was cross-sectional study, conducted among Saudi school children. Fasting blood samples were collected from 2149 children, 1138 (53%) boys and 1011 (47%) girls, aged 6 to 18 years old. Samples were analyzed on the Architect c8000 Chemistry System (Abbott Diagnostics, USA) for glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides, HDL and LDL. Reference intervals were established by nonparametric methods between the 2.5th and 97.5th percentiles. Significant differences were observed between boys and girls for cholesterol and triglycerides levels in all age groups (P < 0.02). Only at age 6-7 years and at adolescents, HDL and LDL levels were found to be significant (P < 0.001). No significant differences were seen in glucose levels except at age 12 to 13 years. Saudi children have comparable serum cholesterol levels than their Western counterparts. This may reflect changing dietary habits and increasing affluence in Saudi Arabia. Increased lipid screening is anticipated, and these reference intervals will aid in the early assessment of cardiovascular and diabetes risk in Saudi pediatric populations. FAU - Tamimi, Waleed
11-Ketotestosterone Is the Dominant Circulating Bioactive Androgen During Normal and Premature Adrenarche.$$$ CONTEXT: Adrenarche refers to the rise of dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEA-S) associated with the development of a functional adrenal zona reticularis. Clinical features of adrenarche include onset of body odor, axillary hair, and pubic hair, which reflect increased androgen action. An early rise in adrenal androgens, or premature adrenarche (PremA), is a risk factor for adverse metabolic profiles in adolescence and adulthood. The bioactive androgens associated with adrenarche and PremA remain poorly understood. The adrenal gland is a potential source of testosterone (T) and the 11-oxygenated derivatives 11β-hydroxytestosterone (11OHT) and 11-ketotestosterone (11KT). OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to characterize the adrenal androgen biome contributing to adrenarche and PremA. PARTICIPANTS AND METHODS: With the use of mass spectrometry, 19 steroids including the 11-oxygenated derivatives of T were measured in sera obtained from girls with PremA (n = 37; 4 to 7 years) and age-matched girls (n = 83; 4 to 10 years). RESULTS: In reference population girls, dehydroepiandrosterone, DHEA-S, androstenediol-3-sulfate, T, and 11KT all increased at the onset of adrenarche (6 to 8 years) and beyond (9 to 10 years) (P < 0.05 vs younger subjects 4 to 5 years). T, 11OHT, and 11KT were further elevated in PremA vs age-matched girls (P < 0.001). Circulating concentrations of 11KT during adrenarche and PremA exceeded those of T and 11OHT (11KT > T ≥ 11OHT). Androgen receptor activity and nuclear translocation studies demonstrated that 11KT is a potent androgen similar to T. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that 11KT is the dominant bioactive androgen in children during adrenarche and PremA. Its androgenic capacity suggests that it may be responsible for the phenotypic changes seen in these phenomena. FAU - Rege, Juilee
Ability of Nontraditional Risk Factors and Inflammatory Biomarkers for Cardiovascular Disease to Identify High Cardiometabolic Risk in Adolescents: Results From the LabMed Physical Activity Study.$$$ PURPOSE: Then objective of this study was to evaluate the ability of several nontraditional cardiometabolic and inflammatory biomarkers in identifying high cardiometabolic risk in adolescents. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted with 529 Portuguese adolescents (267 girls) aged 14.3 ± 1.7 years. A clustered cardiometabolic risk score (body fat percentage, systolic blood pressure, ratio of total cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance, and negative values of cardiorespiratory fitness) was computed. The nontraditional cardiometabolic biomarkers assessed were complement factors (C3 and C4), C-reactive protein (CRP), fibrinogen, leptin, white blood cells (WBCs), albumin, interleukin-6, and a clustered score of inflammatory biomarkers (InflaScore) (C3, C4, CRP, fibrinogen, and leptin). RESULTS: Receiver operating characteristic curves analyses showed that C3, C4, CRP, fibrinogen, leptin, and the InflaScore were able to present discriminatory ability in identifying an unfavorable cardiometabolic profile in both girls and boys (p <.01 for all). Logistic regression analyses showed that C3, C4, CRP, fibrinogen, leptin, the InflaScore (in both sexes), and WBC (boys) were associated with high cardiometabolic risk, independent of age, pubertal stage, socioeconomic status, or adherence to a Mediterranean diet (p <.05 for all). CONCLUSIONS: C3, C4, CRP, fibrinogen, and leptin were associated with high cardiometabolic risk in both sexes and WBC in boys. In addition, the clustered inflammatory biomarkers seem to have a better diagnostic accuracy in identifying an unfavorable cardiometabolic profile than single biomarkers. Such biomarkers may have utility in motivating health professionals, public health workers, and adolescents' families toward lifestyle changes, improving prevention efforts early in life.
Final adult height and endocrine complications in young adults with β-thalassemia major (TM) who received oral iron chelation (OIC) in comparison with those who did not use OIC.$$$ BACKGROUND: Relatively little is known about endocrine function, bone mineral health, and growth during oral iron chelation therapy in β-thalassemia major patients (TM) on treatment with deferasirox. AIMS OF THE STUDY: To study the frequency of endocrine complications, IGF-1 levels and final adult standing height (FA-Ht) in patients with BTM in two groups of adult patients. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The first group (Group A; 15 patients, 6 females and 9 males) received oral iron chelation therapy (OIC) with deferasirox for 6 years before puberty; the second group (Group B;40 patients) attained the FA-Ht before the use of OIC (iron chelation therapy with deferoxamine (DFO) given subcutaneously, since the age of 2 years). In both groups liver iron concentration was measured using FerriScan ® R2-MRI method. Furthermore, the FA-Ht, bode mass index (BMI), and insulin growth factor-1 (IGF-1) in a selected group of adult patients [9 with normal growth hormone (GH) secretion (GHN) and 8 with GH deficiency (GHD; peak GH response to provocative test  with clonidine: < 7 ng/ml), who were on iron chelation therapy with DFO given subcutaneously that was changed to oral deferasirox during the last 5-6 years. These 15 patients were not treated with rhGH. RESULTS: Adults with BTM who received OIC for 6 years or more before attaining their FA-Ht, had lower liver iron concentration (LIC) assessed by FerriScan® R2-MRI, fasting glucose level (FBG) and liver enzymes (ALT and AST), and a better FA-Ht expressed in standard deviation score (FA-Ht-SDS), and higher IGF-1 SDS versus those who did not receive OIC before attaining FA-Ht. The prevalence of endocrinopathies, including hypothyroidism and hypogonadism were significantly lower in Group A versus Group B.  Comparison between the group with normal GHN and those with GHD showed that the FA-Ht-SDS of those with GHD (159.1± 6.42 cm). Ht-SDS = -2.5 ± 0.9) was significantly decreased compared to the group with NGH (Ht = 163.5 ± 5.2 cm, Ht-SDS = -1.74 ± 0.83).  The IGF-1-SDS did not differ between the two groups. Neither ferritin level nor IGF-1 concentrations were correlated with the Ht-SDS. The final FA-Ht-SDS correlated significantly with the peak GH secretion (r = 0.788, p = 0.0008). The FA-Ht-SDS were positively related to their mid-parental height (r=0.58, P <0.01). CONCLUSIONS: The use of OIC years before the end of puberty was associated with a significantly lower prevalence of endocrinopathies, improvement of LIC and FA-Ht. The final adult height of patients with BTM and GHD was significantly shorter compared to their pears with NGH. rhGH therapy can be recommended for the treatment of thalassemic children and adolescents with GHD in addition to proper blood transfusion and intensive chelation to improve their final height. FAU - Soliman, Ashraf T
Celiac disease and Turner's syndrome: patient report.$$$ Turner's syndrome is a chromosomal disease frequently associated with autoimmune disorders including thyroid disease, inflammatory bowel disease, diabetes mellitus and juvenile rheumatoid arthritis. Recent reports have described an association of celiac disease with Turner's syndrome. We present an additional patient with Turner's syndrome associated with celiac disease. A girl aged 15- 7/12 yr was seen for the complaints of delayed growth and puberty, abdominal pain and chronic diarrhea. She was diagnosed as having celiac disease and a gluten-free diet was initiated. Despite one year of strict diet no signs of puberty were observed. She was then evaluated again for absence of puberty, and 45,XO karyotype Turner's syndrome was diagnosed. FAU - Arslan, D
Free estradiol index levels associated with high sensitivity CRP levels in male children.$$$ Ağırbaşlı M, Tanrıkulu A, Azizy M. Free estradiol index levels associated with high sensitivitiy CRP levels in male children. Turk J Pediatr 2017; 59: 49-55. Biomarkers of inflammation such as high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) associate with subclinical atherosclerosis. Atherosclerosis is an early onset disease in life. Sex hormones and puberty modulate metabolism in children. Studies indicate that low sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) levels associate with insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome in children. The aim of this study is to study the correlation between sex hormones and hs-CRP levels in children and adolescents. The study sample was derived from a cross sectional survey on the prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors in a representative sample of school children (8-17 year-old) in Istanbul, Turkey. In addition to anthropometric and biochemical characteristics of cardiovascular risk, sex hormones such as free androgen index, free estradiol index (FEI), SHBG and hs-CRP levels were measured in all study participants: 91 boys (12.4 ± 3.4 years) and 77 girls (12.7 ± 3.4 years) were included in the study. Median (interquartile range) hs-CRP levels were similar among boys and girls [0.36 (0.9) versus 0.45 (0.7) mg/dl, p= 0.725]. Gender stratified analysis displayed that hs-CRP levels positively correlated with FEI levels (r=0.438, p < 0.001) in boys. Linear regression analysis was performed to determine the predictors of hs-CRP. Among covariates of FEI, homeostasis model assessment-estimated insulin resistance, body mass index, age, and SHBG; FEI was shown to significantly and independently predict hs-CRP levels in boys [β=2.758, p < 0.001, 95% confidence interval (CI) for β 1.471-4.045]. FEI levels associate with subclinical inflammation in boys. Future studies may elucidate the role of sex hormone levels in inflammation among children. FAU - Ağırbaşlı, Mehmet
[The analysis of the coexistence of endometrial carcinoma and uterine myoma].$$$ OBJECTIVE: An epidemiologic study of coexistence uterus myoma with endometrial cancer patients is presented. Coexistence of endometrial carcinoma with uterus myoma was evaluated and controlled for age, residence, civil status, education, parity, menarche age, last menstruation age, length of reproductive period, blood group, hypertension, diabetes, body mass index, sterility, histological subtype, grading, staging. DESIGN: From 1984-1998 136 endometrial carcinomas have been evaluated in the Department of Gynecology & Obstetrics in Hospital of Słupsk retrospectively. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Uterus myoma was coexistence with endometrial cancer in 22 cases (16.2%). Of 136 endometrial carcinomas 16 (11.6%) were multiple malignant neoplasms. Of these neoplasms 9 (6.6%) occur together with breast cancer, 3 (2.2%) with ovarian carcinoma, 1 (0.7%) with stomach carcinoma, 1 (0.7%) with rectum carcinoma, 1 (0.7%) with carcinoma in focus of endometriosis and 1 (0.7%) coexists with double neoplasms (bowel and endometriosis carcinoma) During the 14-year period of study 15 patients (11.0%) out of 136 patients diagnosed as having endometrial cancer had double and 1 (0.6%) had triple primary malignant neoplasms. There was not significant difference in age rate (p = 0.16), residence rate (p = 0.72), civil status rate (p = 0.37), education rate (p = 0.53), parity rate (p = 0.49), menarche age rate (p = 0.33), last menstruation age rate (p = 0.12), length of reproductive period rate (p = 0.66), blood group rate (p = 0.19), hypertension rate (p = 0.38), diabetes rate (p = 0.96), overweight status rate (p = 0.76), sterility rate (p = 0.35), histological subtype rate (p = 0.25), grading rate (p = 0.29), staging rate (p = 0.54), second primary malignant neoplasma (p = 0.77) between both patients group (with and without uterus myoma). CONCLUSION: Patients with endometrial cancer should be carefully and regularly followed up by monitoring et every anatomic site, especially the breast, stomach, and colon, in order that the development of a second primary carcinoma can be detected as early as possible, and not be overlooked in examinations. There is not additional risk factors for endometrial carcinoma between patients with and without coexistence uterus myoma. In the observation of patients with myoma in postmenopause, cytological investigation of endometrial aspirates, ultrasound and mammographic screening should be carried out. FAU - Studziński, Z
Vitamin D deficiency is associated with metabolic syndrome in Tunisian children with obesity.$$$ BACKGROUND: A negative association between serum vitamin D levels and obesity has been reported by several studies. Data on vitamin D status in Tunisian obese children and its relationship with metabolic syndrome remain rare. AIM: We aimed to study the prevalence of vitamin D deficiency in Tunisian obese children and to examine the correlation between vitamin D levels and metabolic syndrome. METHODS: Thirty obese children matched to 30 non-overweight volunteer controls by age, gender and pubertal stage were included in a prospective study. Anthropometric parameters and blood pressure were measured.  Vitamin D level, fasting glucose and lipid profile were performed in all subjects. RESULTS: Vitamin D deficiency was more common in obese children (94% vs 80 %, p=0.002). Vitamin D level was negatively correlated with BMI (p= 0.001, r= -0.51). Six obese children were diagnosed with metabolic syndrome. Vitamin D levels were negatively correlated with waist circumference (p=0.019, r=-0.13), systolic Blood pressure (p=0.04, r=-0.26), triglyceride level (p=0.025, r= -0.3), insulin (p=0.01, r=-0.34) and HOMA-IR (p=0.035, r=-0.29). CONCLUSIONS: despite the sunny climate, the deficiency in vitalmine D is common in Tunisia. Vitamin D levels are inversely correlated with BMI and the risk of metabolic syndrome. FAU - Yahyaoui, Salem
Long-term effectiveness of depot gonadotropin-releasing hormone analogue in the treatment of children with central precocious puberty.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the efficacy and safety of a long-acting gonadotropin-releasing hormone analogue (GnRHa), leuprolide acetate for depot suspension (Lupron Depot), in the treatment of central precocious puberty in children, and to determine the reversibility of GnRHa therapy after it has been discontinued. RESEARCH DESIGN: Children with documented central precocious puberty were treated with Lupron Depot for 1.6 to 3.5 years. Their course of pubertal development, growth rate, skeletal maturation, and response to gonadorelin hydrochloride testing were compared before and during treatment. For those girls who finished treatment, an assessment of the reversibility of the GnRHa was performed by documenting a return to pubertal responses to gonadorelin testing, and by documenting menarche at an appropriately mature bone age. SETTING: Community teaching hospital. PATIENTS: Ten girls with central precocious puberty defined as pubertal maturation statistically advanced for age combined with a pubertal gonadotropin response to gonadorelin testing. Children who had been treated for less than 1.5 years were excluded, as were those with congenital adrenal hyperplasia. Patients who finished treatment have been followed up for up to 5 years, and will continue in follow-up throughout their reproductive life. SELECTION SAMPLE: A consecutive group of children with documented central precocious puberty was studied. INTERVENTIONS: Lupron Depot was administered as a single monthly subcutaneous injection to each patient. Treatment was usually discontinued by 10 to 11 years of age, at which time pubertal progression was allowed to resume. MEASUREMENT AND RESULTS: Mean peak serum concentrations of follicle-stimulating and luteinizing hormone responses to gonadorelin testing decreased significantly after the initial dose (from 21.8 +/- 4.5 [+/- SEM] to 2.4 +/- 0.2 IU/L for follicle-stimulating hormone and from 50.1 +/- 11.2 to 5.0 +/- 0.8 IU/L for luteinizing hormone) and remained suppressed for the duration of treatment. The progression of puberty slowed or reversed in all patients. Mean growth rate for chronologic age was significantly increased initially by 3.9 SDs and decreased to 0.9 SDs during treatment. The mean rates of skeletal maturation divided by the change in chronologic and height age changes over time were advanced (1.4 +/- 0.1 and 1.1 +/- 0.15, respectively) at the onset of therapy and decreased significantly to 0.7 +/- 0.1 and 0.8 +/- 0.1, respectively, on treatment. There was an increase in mean predicted height of 3.4 cm for all patients, and this was statistically significant. Thus, treatment with Lupron Depot at least maintained the predicted height at the onset of therapy. Girls who completed their course of treatment had pubertal gonadotropin responses to gonadorelin testing within 2 to 6 months, and menarche within the first year if skeletal maturation reached 13.0 to 13.5 years. No significant side effects of therapy were noted. CONCLUSIONS: Treatment of central precocious puberty in children using Lupron Depot is safe and efficacious. Its effects are readily reversible after treatment is discontinued, and menarche occurs at a normal bone age. Measurement of serum luteinizing hormone concentrations using an assay that is specific for the beta-subunit is necessary to monitor chemical suppression of luteinizing hormone during treatment. Longer-term studies, including reproductive history, will be needed before the potential effects of treatment on fertility can be assessed. FAU - Clemons, R D
Association of polymorphisms and haplotypes in the insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor (IGF1R) gene with the risk of breast cancer in Korean women.$$$ The insulin-like growth factor (IGF) signaling pathway plays an important role in cancer biology. The IGF 1 receptor (IGF1R) overexpression has been associated with a number of hematological neoplasias and solid tumors including breast cancer. However, molecular mechanism involving IGF1R in carcinogenic developments is clearly not known. We investigated the genetic variations across the IGF1R polymorphism and the risk of breast cancer risk in Korean women. A total of 1418 individuals comprising 1026 breast cancer cases and 392 age-matched controls of Korean were included for the analysis. Genomic DNA was extracted from whole blood and single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) were analyzed on the GoldenGate Assay system by Illumina's Custom Genetic Analysis service. SNPs were selected for linkage disequilibrium (LD) analysis by Haploview. We genotyped total 51 SNPs in the IGF1R gene and examined for association with breast cancer. All the SNPs investigated were in Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium. These SNPs tested were significantly associated with breast cancer risk, after correction for multiple comparisons by adjusting for age at diagnosis, BMI, age at menarche, and age at first parturition. Among 51 IGF1R SNPs, five intron located SNPs (rs8032477, rs7175052, rs12439557, rs11635251 and rs12916884) with homozygous genotype (variant genotype) were associated with decreased risk of breast cancer. Fisher's combined p-value for the five SNPs was 0.00032. Three intron located SNPs with heterozygous genotypes also had decreased risk of breast cancer. Seven of the 51 IGF1R SNPs were in LD and in one haplotype block, and were likely to be associated with breast cancer risk. Overall, this case-control study demonstrates statistically significant associations between breast cancer risk and polymorphisms in IGF1R gene. FAU - Kang, Han-Sung
Relationship between HOMA-IR and serum vitamin D in Chinese children and adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: The objective of this study was to examine the cross-sectional relationship between homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25-OHD) level in Chinese children and adolescents. METHODS: Anthropometric indices, lipid metabolic profile, and serum levels of glucose, insulin and 25-OHD were determined among 278 healthy prepubertal and pubertal, normal and overweight/obese children and adolescents aged 8-18 years between March 2014 and February 2015. RESULTS: HOMA-IR was significantly different across vitamin D statuses (p<0.001), even after adjusting for body mass index (BMI) (p=0.035) and waist-to-height ratio (p=0.044); the difference was not significant between the vitamin D deficient and insufficient groups (p=0.120). HOMA-IR negatively correlated with serum 25-OHD level for all subjects (R2=0.148, p<0.001). Furthermore, they negatively correlated in the normal (R2=0.160, p<0.001) and overweight/obese (R2=0.086, p<0.001) groups, respectively. The regression lines of the two groups were parallel (p=0.669) but had a significantly different intercept (p<0.001). An association between HOMA-IR and BMI and serum 25-OHD level (R2=0.654, p<0.001) was demonstrated based on the stepwise multiple linear regression analysis of age, sex, pubertal maturation, BMI, waist-to-height ratio, triglyceride, cholesterol, high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C), low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C), 25-OHD and HOMA-IR. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings supported that lower vitamin D status is strongly associated with worse HOMA-IR. FAU - Wang, Lingli
Low muscle fitness is associated with metabolic risk in youth.$$$ PURPOSE: To examine the independent associations of muscle fitness and cardiorespiratory fitness with clustered metabolic risk in youth. METHODS: In 2005-2006, a cohort of 9- and 15-yr-olds (N = 2818) was randomly selected from all regions of Norway. The participation rate was 89% and 74% among the 9-and 15-yr-olds, respectively. We assessed muscular strength by measuring explosive, isometric, and endurance strength. Cardiorespiratory fitness was measured directly as peak oxygen uptake during a cycle ergometry test. Risk factors included in the composite risk factor score (sum of z-scores) were systolic blood pressure, triglyceride, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, insulin resistance, and waist circumference. RESULTS: Muscle fitness was negatively associated with clustered metabolic risk, independent of cardiorespiratory fitness, and after adjustment for age, sex, and pubertal stage (beta = -0.112, P < 0.001). Independent of muscle fitness, an inverse association was found between cardiorespiratory fitness and clustered metabolic risk (beta = -0.337, P < 0.001). Moreover, the odds ratios for having clustered risk in the least fit quartile compared with the most fit quartile were 7.2 (95% confidence interval (CI)=4.3-12.0) and 17.3 (95% CI = 9.2-32.7) for muscle fitness and cardiorespiratory fitness, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Our results show that muscle fitness and cardiorespiratory fitness are independently associated with metabolic risk in youth. FAU - Steene-Johannessen, Jostein
Towards a simple marker of hepato-visceral adiposity and insulin resistance: The Z-score change from weight-at-birth to BMI-in-childhood.$$$ BACKGROUND: Insulin resistance and hepato-visceral (central) fat excess are thought to contribute to an earlier timing of adrenarche/pubarche and puberty/menarche; this earlier timing in turn relates often to a mismatch between prenatal and postnatal weight gain, which can be estimated by calculating the Z-score change from birth weight (BW) to body mass index (BMI) in childhood. METHODS: We tested the hypothesis that this calculation may serve as a proxy of insulin resistance and hepato-visceral adiposity in prepuberty by reappraising a cohort of children (mean age, 8.5 years), born appropriate- (AGA, n = 41) or small-for-gestational age (SGA, n = 45), followed since birth (n = 76) or since the age of 3 years (n = 10). Assessments included anthropometry; fasting glucose and insulin; liver volume; and hepatic fat, subcutaneous fat, and visceral fat in the abdominal region (by magnetic resonance imaging [MRI]). RESULTS: Z-score change BW-BMI closely associated to central fat (R = 0.74; P < .0001) and insulin resistance (R = 0.71; P < .0001). CONCLUSION: These results suggest that Z-score change BW-BMI could be viewed as a simple candidate-marker for hepato-visceral adiposity and insulin resistance in prepubertal children.
Phthalate exposure and childhood overweight and obesity: Urinary metabolomic evidence.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Metabolomics may unravel global metabolic changes in response to environmental exposures and identify important biological pathways involved in the pathophysiology of childhood obesity. Phthalate has been considered an obesogen and contributing to overweight and obesity in children. The purpose of this study is to evaluate changes in urine metabolites in response to the environmental phthalate exposure among overweight or obese children, and to investigate the metabolic mechanisms involved in the obesogenic effect of phthalate on children at puberty. METHODS: Within the national Puberty Timing and Health Effects in Chinese Children (PTHEC) study, 69 overweight/obese children and 80 normal weight children were selected into the current study according to their puberty timing and WGOC (The Working Group for obesity in China) references. Urinary concentrations of six phthalate monoesters (MMP, MEP, MnBP, MEHP, MEOHP and MEHHP) were measured using API 2000 electrospray triple quadrupole mass spectrometer (ESIMS/MS). Metabolomic profiling of spot urine was performed using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. Differentially expressed urinary metabolites associated with phthalate monoesters exposure were examined using orthogonal partial least square-discriminant analysis and multiple linear regression models. In addition, the candidate metabolites were regressed to obesity indices with multiple linear regression models and logistic regression models in all subjects. RESULTS: Compared with normal weight children, higher levels of MnBP were detected in urinary samples of children with overweight and obesity. After adjusting for confounders including chronological age, gender, puberty onset, daily energy intake and physical activity and socio-economic level, positive association remained between urinary MnBP concentration and childhood overweight/obesity [OR = 1.586, 95% CI:1.043,2.412]. We observed elevated MnBP concentration was significantly correlated with increased levels of monostearin, 1-monopalmitin, stearic acid, itaconic acid, glycerol 3-phosphate, 5-methoxytryptamine, kyotorphin, 1-methylhydantoin, d-alanyl-d-alanine, pyrrole-2-carboxylic acid, 3,4-Dihydroxyphenylglycol, and butyraldehyde. Meanwhile, increased MnBP concentration was also significantly correlated with decreased levels of lactate, glucose 6-phosphate, d-fructose 6-phosphate, palmitic acid, 4-acetamidobutyric acid, l-glutamic acid, n-acetyl-l-phenylalanine, iminodiacetic acid, hydroxyproline, pipecolinic acid, l-ornithine, n-acetyl-l-glutamic acid, guanosine, cytosin, and (s)-mandelic acid in the normal weight subjects. The observations indicated that MnBP exposure was related to global urine metabolic abnormalities characterized by disrupting arginine and proline metabolism and increasing oxidative stress and fatty acid reesterification. Among the metabolic markers related to MnBP exposure, 1-methylhydantoin, pyrrole-2-carboxylic acid and monostearin were found to be positively correlated with obesity indices, while hydroxyproline, l-ornithine, and lactate were negatively associated with overweight/obesity in children. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggested that the disrupted arginine and proline metabolism associated with phthalate exposure might contribute to the development of overweight and obesity in school-age children, providing insights into the pathophysiological changes and molecular mechanisms involved in childhood obesity.
The role of the growth plate in longitudinal bone growth.$$$ The epiphyseal growth plate is the main site of longitudinal growth of the long bones. At this site, cartilage is formed by the proliferation and hypertrophy of cells and synthesis of the typical extracellular matrix. The formed cartilage is then calcified, degraded, and replaced by osseous tissue. Proliferation and differentiation of cartilage cells (i.e., chondrocytes) as studied mostly in culture, is regulated by various endocrine, paracrine, and autocrine agents such as growth hormone, insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I), transforming growth factor (TGE-beta), and vitamin D metabolites (1,25-dihydroxycholecalciferol and 24,25-dihydroxycholecalciferol). Avian chondrocyte proliferation is enhanced by agents which use adenosine 3':5'-cyclic monophosphate as a second messenger, such as parathyroid hormone or prostaglandin-E2, and is depressed by guanosine 3':5'-cyclic monophosphate agonists, such as atrial natriuretic peptide. Several of the regulating agents also affect synthesis of the main extracellular components (i.e., collagen and proteoglycans) and their transfer to the extracellular space. Cartilage calcification involves matrix vesicles secreted by the chondrocytes at a specific stage. Calcification probably involves some initial nucleation agent and participation of phosphatases. During sexual maturation, the growth plate closes by an unknown mechanism and longitudinal bone growth ceases. Disorders in the metabolism of the controlling agents or the cellular responses in growth plate may lead to several deformities classified as dysplasias. In poultry, this class of disorders is represented by chondrodystrophy and dyschondroplasia. FAU - Pines, M
Body composition and energy intake - skeletal muscle mass is the strongest predictor of food intake in obese adolescents: The HEARTY trial.$$$ There has been renewed interest in examining the relationship between specific components of energy expenditure and the overall influence on energy intake (EI). The purpose of this cross-sectional analysis was to determine the strongest metabolic and anthropometric predictors of EI. It was hypothesized that resting metabolic rate (RMR) and skeletal muscle mass would be the strongest predictors of EI in a sample of overweight and obese adolescents. 304 post-pubertal adolescents (91 boys, 213 girls) aged 16.1 (±1.4) years with body mass index at or above the 95th percentile for age and sex OR at or above the 85th percentile plus an additional diabetes risk factor were measured for body weight, RMR (kcal/day) by indirect calorimetry, body composition by magnetic resonance imaging (fat free mass (FFM), skeletal muscle mass, fat mass (FM), and percentage body fat), and EI (kcal/day) using 3 day food records. Body weight, RMR, FFM, skeletal muscle mass, and FM were all significantly correlated with EI (p < 0.005). After adjusting the model for age, sex, height, and physical activity, only FFM (β = 21.9, p = 0.007) and skeletal muscle mass (β = 25.8, p = 0.02) remained as significant predictors of EI. FFM and skeletal muscle mass also predicted dietary protein and fat intake (p < 0.05), but not carbohydrate intake. In conclusion, with skeletal muscle mass being the best predictor of EI, our results support the hypothesis that the magnitude of the body's lean tissue is related to absolute levels of EI in a sample of inactive adolescents with obesity. FAU - Cameron, Jameason D
Postnatal Changes in Testicular Position Are Associated With IGF-I and Function of Sertoli and Leydig Cells.$$$ CONTEXT: Despite clinical guidelines calling for repetitive examination of testicular position during childhood, little is known of normal changes in testicular position during childhood, let alone factors that control it. OBJECTIVE: To assess changes in and factors associated with testicular position during childhood. DESIGN: Testicular position (the distance from the pubic bone to the upper pole of the testes) at birth, 3 months, 18 months, 36 months, and 7 years and reproductive hormones at 3 months were measured. SETTING: Prenatally recruited, prospective longitudinal birth cohort. PARTICIPANTS: A total of 2545 boys were recruited prenatally in a Danish-Finnish birth cohort and had a testicular position examination available. A subset of 680 Danish and 362 Finnish boys had serum reproductive hormone concentrations and insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) determined at 3 months. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Testicular distance to pubic bone (TDP), serum reproductive hormone, and IGF-I concentrations. RESULTS: TDP increased from birth to 3 months and decreased thereafter. Length, gestational age, weight for gestational age, and penile length were positively associated with larger TDP and thus lower testicular position in a linear mixed-effect model. Furthermore, IGF-I concentration, inhibin B/follicle-stimulating hormone ratio, and testosterone/luteinizing hormone ratio were all independently and positively associated with longer TDP. CONCLUSIONS: We provide longitudinal data on postnatal changes in TDP. TDP is dynamic and associated with Leydig and Sertoli cell function as well as with IGF-I levels during the first months of life at mini-puberty of infancy. TDP may thus be a useful biomarker of postnatal testicular function. FAU - Koskenniemi, Jaakko J
Diabetes Type 2 in Neurologically Impaired Children and Adolescents Without Obesity: A New Emerging Entity?$$$ Background: Insulin resistance (IR) plays a key role in the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes (T2D). In neurologically impaired (NI) children unfavorable cardio-metabolic risk profile with high prevalence of IR has been reported. We evaluated the prevalence of T2D in NI children and adolescents, in order to define if a dedicated glucose monitoring may be recommended in these subjects. Methods: We retrospectively evaluated 63 patients (11.4 ± 4.0 years) with severe disabilities. Auxological parameters were recorded. Metabolic blood assays included fasting blood glucose (FBG), fasting insulin, triglycerides (TG). IR was detected with the homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR > 97.5th percentile for age and sex) and triglyceride-glucose index (TyG index > 7.88). Elevated FBG was defined with values >100 mg/dl. T2D was defined according to American Diabetes Association criteria. Results: Impaired insulin sensitivity, pathological TyG index and elevated FBG were observed, respectively, in 41.3, 63.5, and 11.1% patients. T2D was diagnosed in 3.2% asymptomatic patients. The prevalence of diabetes was higher in pre-pubertal compared to pubertal subjects (p = 0.03). Conclusions: T2D in NI children and adolescents without obesity could represent a new emerging entity. IR and/or surrogate markers of IR index may be useful for the primary screening of this at-risk disabled population so as to prevent diabetes. FAU - Calcaterra, Valeria
Anthropometric indices at age 17 years of full-term neonates born short.$$$ BACKGROUND: Measurements at the end of puberty of neonates short for gestational age (SGA-L) are scant. OBJECTIVE: To determine the correlation between birth length and weight in neonates, with height and weight at age 17 years. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: 385 full-term neonates, measuring less than 48 cm (SGA-L) and 585 full-term neonates, measuring 48 cm or greater (adequate birth length for gestational age; AGA-L) were included. 234 SGA-L and 359 AGA-L were identified at age 17 years. RESULTS: Comparison of the two groups revealed that both sexes born SGA-L were also shorter at age 17 years than those born AGA-L (girls 158.9 cm (SD 7.6) vs 164.2 cm (SD 64) (p<0.001) and boys 167.3 cm (SD 8.7) vs 173.8 cm (SD 7.1) (p<0.001)). The subjects born SGA-L also weighed significantly less than those born AGA-L (p<0.001) both at birth and at age 17 years. CONCLUSIONS: Children born SGA-L become short adults and weigh less at age 17 years than children with a normal birth length. FAU - Farfel, A
Visceral and truncal subcutaneous adipose tissue are associated with impaired capillary recruitment in healthy individuals.$$$ CONTEXT: Central adiposity is associated with cardiovascular risk independently of total adiposity. Microvascular dysfunction is thought to contribute to obesity-associated insulin resistance and hypertension and may thus link central adiposity with cardiovascular risk. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to investigate how body fat distribution relates to microvascular function and the role of adipocytokines in these relationships. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: We cross-sectionally studied 51 healthy adults and 29 of their prepubertal children born at the VU University Medical Center in Amsterdam. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: We measured visceral and abdominal sc adiposity with magnetic resonance imaging and truncal and peripheral sc adiposity with skinfold thickness. Postocclusive skin capillary recruitment was assessed with videomicroscopy. Concentrations of C-reactive protein, IL-6, and TNF-alpha were combined in an inflammation score. RESULTS: In adults, visceral adipose tissue and trunk/extremity skinfold ratio were inversely associated with capillary recruitment (partial correlation coefficients, -0.32, P = 0.03, and -0.37, P < 0.01, respectively). The inflammation score was inversely associated with capillary recruitment (r = -0.50; P < 0.01) and statistically explained 41% of the association between visceral adipose tissue and capillary recruitment. In children, trunk/extremity skinfold ratio was inversely associated with capillary recruitment (r = -0.49; P = 0.01), but other measures of adiposity were not. CONCLUSION: Our data in adults suggest a role for visceral adiposity and its associated proinflammatory state in capillary dysfunction and its possible sequelae such as hypertension and insulin resistance. Also, our findings in children and adults suggest that truncal sc adiposity is detrimental for capillary perfusion and that this process may start before puberty. FAU - de Jongh, Renate T
Serum adiponectin levels, insulin resistance, and lipid profile in children born small for gestational age are affected by the severity of growth retardation at birth.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Insulin resistance has been linked to intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR); adiponectin is a protein with insulin-sensitizing properties. This study was designed to test whether being born small for gestational age (SGA) has an effect on blood levels of adiponectin and leptin, insulin resistance parameters, and lipid profile in pre-puberty, taking into consideration the severity of IUGR. METHODS: Serum levels of adiponectin, leptin, total cholesterol (t-CHOL), high density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol, low density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol, triglycerides, apolipoproteins A-1 (Apo A-1), Apo B and Apo E, lipoprotein(a) (Lp(a)), fasting glucose, and insulin (Ins), the homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR) and anthropometric indices were evaluated in 70 children aged 6-8 years, born appropriate for gestational age (AGA; n = 35) and SGA (n = 35), matched for age, gender, height, and BMI. SGA children were divided into two subgroups according to the severity of IUGR: SGA<3rd percentile (n = 20), and SGA 3rd-10th percentile (n = 15). They were also subdivided in two subgroups, those with (n = 25) and those without (n = 10) catch-up growth, considering their actual height corrected for mid-parental height. RESULTS: SGA children had higher Ins and HOMA-IR than AGA children (Ins, 42 +/- 23 vs 32 +/- 11 pmol/l; HOMA-IR, 1.30 +/- 0.8 vs 0.92 +/- 0.3; P<0.05). No significant difference in serum leptin was found between the SGA and the AGA groups but adiponectin showed a trend to be higher in SGA children (13.6 +/- 5.7 vs 10.8 +/- 5.9 microg/ml respectively). SGA children without catch-up growth had higher adiponectin (15.6 +/- 8.5 microg/ml, P<0.05) than AGA children. Among the SGA children, the subgroup <3rd percentile had higher Lp(a) than the subgroup 3rd-10th percentile (P<0.05). An independent positive correlation between adiponectin and Lp(a) was observed in SGA children (R = 0.59, P<0.01). CONCLUSION: SGA children, although more insulin resistant, had similar or higher adiponectin levels than matched AGA children in pre-puberty. The severity of IUGR appears to affect their metabolic profile during childhood. FAU - Evagelidou, Eleni N
Serum levels of growth hormone binding protein in children with normal and precocious puberty: relation to age, gender, body composition and gonadal steroids.$$$ AIM: To study the regulation of GHBP serum levels by gonadal steroids in normal and precocious puberty. STUDY PROTOCOL: We studied GHBP levels in relation to age, sex, pubertal maturation, body composition as well as to circulating IGF-I and gonadal steroid levels in 320 healthy children. Furthermore, we studied the regulation of circulating GHBP in 33 girls with central precocious puberty before and during gonadal suppression with GnRH agonist. METHODS: GHBP was determined by a time-resolved fluoroimmunoassay (GHBP TR-FIA) based on a commercially available immunoassay for GH, the DELFIA GH assay. RESULTS: In healthy children GHBP levels were significantly higher in normal girls compared with boys, and there was no significant increase in GHBP in puberty in both sexes. GHBP levels did not correlate with height (SDS), age, pubertal stage, IGF-I or testosterone/oestradiol levels in boys and girls, respectively. There were significant correlations between BMI and GHBP in boys and girls (R 2 = 0.14 and R 2 = 0.12, both P < 0.0001). Furthermore, GHBP correlated highly significantly with the percentage body fat, determined by BIA in 43 healthy girls (R 2 = 0. 40, P < 0.0001). GHBP levels were significantly higher in girls with central precocious puberty (CPP) (1.31 SDS (1.26), mean (SD)) compared to prepubertal controls (P < 0.0001), and above + 2 SD in 10 out of 33 patients. In girls with CPP, GHBP correlated inversely with oestradiol before treatment (R 2 = 0.26, P < 0.01) and there was a tendency towards a positive correlation with BMI (R 2 = 0.13, P = 0.078). By contrast, there were no signficant correlations between GHBP and IGF-I or height SDS. Gonadal suppression with GnRH agonist treatment caused a transient significant increase of 0.57 SD after 2 months of treatment (P < 0.001), but decreased to baseline levels hereafter. CONCLUSION: We conclude that in children, as in adults, body fat is the primary determinant for the circulating level of GHBP, and that the difference in body fat is probably the main factor for the higher levels of serum GHBP in girls compared with boys, as well as for the negative influence of testosterone levels in boys and of oestrogen levels in girls. The elevation in GHBP levels observed in girls with central precocious puberty is probably due their higher body fat content. FAU - Juul, A
Cross-sectional association between blood pressure, in vivo insulin sensitivity and adiponectin in overweight adolescents.$$$ AIMS: To examine the cross-sectional relationship between blood pressure (BP) and (1) in vivo insulin sensitivity (IS) and (2) circulating adiponectin levels in overweight adolescents, and to determine if these relationships are driven by adiposity. METHODS: Sixty-five white pubertal overweight adolescents underwent a hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp to measure IS. Body composition and abdominal adiposity were determined by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry and computed tomography scan. BP was measured by an automated sphygmomanometer every 10 min over 1 h, between 06:00 and 07:00 a.m. RESULTS: In vivo IS was not associated with BP after adjustment for adiposity measurements (body mass index, percentage body fat or abdominal adiposity). However, adiponectin was inversely related to systolic BP independent of adiposity. CONCLUSION: Our findings demonstrate that in overweight adolescents the relationship between in vivo IS and systolic BP is mediated through adiposity. However, the association between adiponectin and BP is independent of adiposity suggestive of a potential modulatory role of adiponectin in BP regulation.
When should hydrocortisone therapy be instituted in children with hypopituitarism?$$$ The records of 72 pediatric and adolescent patients with multiple hypothalamic and/or pituitary hormone deficiencies of nontumoral origin who were followed up for years and receiving somatotropin, thyroxine, and sex hormones at the appropriate age have been reviewed. According to their corticotropin-releasing factor-corticotropin-cortisol (CAC) axis function as evaluated by basal plasma cortisol levels and the response of cortisol to insulin hypoglycemia and to corticotropin-releasing factor, the patients were divided into three groups: group 1 (n = 25), patients with multiple hypothalamic and/or pituitary hormone deficiencies with normal CAC axis; group 2 (n = 38), patients with partial CAC deficiency without cortisol replacement therapy (hydrocortisone); and group 3 (n = 9), patients with CAC deficiency receiving hydrocortisone therapy (5 to 10 mg/d). Repeated CAC axis evaluation in patients of group 2 over years revealed a progressive decrease in the basal and stimulated cortisol levels with age and pubertal advancement. Despite the low cortisol levels and the low cortisol response to insulin hypoglycemia, these patients did not have clinical symptoms until the end of puberty when nine of 24 patients complained of abdominal pain, weakness, or anorexia. Linear growth, which was followed up in all patients at regular intervals, showed a lower growth velocity and irregular growth in response to somatotropin treatment in the patients receiving low doses of hydrocortisone (group 3 patients when compared with group 2 patients not receiving hydrocortisone). FAU - Witz, L
IGF2/H19 hypomethylation in a patient with very low birthweight, preocious pubarche and insulin resistance.$$$ BACKGROUND: Insulin like growth factor 2 (IGF2) is an imprinted gene, which has an important role in fetal growth as established in mice models. IGF2 is downregulated through hypomethylation of a differentially methylated region (DMR) in Silver Russell syndrome (SRS), characterised by growth restriction. We have previously reported that severe pre- and post-natal growth restriction associated with insulin resistance and precocious pubarche in a woman without body asymmetry or other SRS features resulted from a balanced translocation affecting the regulation of her IGF2 gene expression. We hypothesised that severe pre- and post-natal growth restriction associated with insulin resistance and precocious pubarche in the absence of SRS are also caused by downregulation of IGF2 through hypomethylation, gene mutation or structural chromosomal abnormalities. METHODS: We performed routine karyotyping, IGF2 gene sequencing and investigated DNA methylation of the IGF2 differentially methylated region (DMR)0 and H19 DMR using pyrosequencing, in four women selected for very low birth weight (<-3 SDS for gestational age), precocious pubarche, short adult stature (<-2 SDS), and insulin resistance (defined as HOMA-IS < 80%); and compared their methylation results to those of 95 control subjects. RESULTS: We identified a 20 year old woman with severe hypomethylation at both DMRs. She was the smallest at birth (birthweight SDS,-3.9), and had the shortest adult height (143 cm). The patient was diagnosed with polycystic ovarian syndrome at the age of 15 years, and had impaired fasting glucose in the presence of a low BMI (19.2 kg/m2). CONCLUSIONS: Our case of growth restriction, premature pubarche and insulin resistance in the absence of body asymmetry or other features of SRS adds to the expanding phenotype of IGF2/H19 methylation abnormalities. Further studies are needed to confirm whether growth restriction in association with premature pubarche and insulin resistance is a specific manifestation of reduced IGF2 expression. FAU - Murphy, Rinki
Thin newborns are more insulin resistant at 10 years of age.$$$ AIMS: To investigate the relation between ponderal index or birth weight and insulin resistance in late childhood. METHODS: An observational study of 92-term appropriate-for-gestational age infants was carried out. Weight and length were measured at birth and at 9 months and duration of breast feeding was noted at 9 months. Follow-up examinations at 10 years of age included measurement of weight, height, pubertal status, fasting insulin and glucose concentrations. RESULTS: Ponderal index at birth was negatively (B±SE=-0.05±0.02; p=0.025) and current BMI was positively (B±SE=0.14±0.02; p<0.001) associated with insulin resistance measured as homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) at 10 years of age adjusted for gender and pubertal stage. Current BMI and ponderal index at birth were still significant after adjusting for weight at 9 months. Birth weight and weight at 9 months was not correlated with HOMA (p=0.58) adjusted for current BMI, gender and pubertal stage. HOMA was higher in the tertile with the lowest ponderal index than in the two remaining tertiles (p=0.024). CONCLUSION: Relative thinness at birth, but neither birth weight nor weight gain from 0-9 months, was associated with higher insulin resistance at 10 years of age in this cohort with a low prevalence of overweight at 10 years of age and normal birth weight.
Safety of human growth hormone therapy: current topics.$$$ Current data on patients treated with human growth hormone (GH) were analyzed for the following safety topics. New leukemia. Thirteen of 46 new cases of leukemia were in non-Japanese patients without risk factors for leukemia (compared with at least 13 new cases expected). A possible increased occurrence of leukemia with GH treatment appears to be limited to patients with risk factors. Nonleukemic extracranial neoplasms. The number of cases reported (10) does not differ significantly from the number expected. Acute pancreatitis. In five of the seven cases reported risk factors (renal failure, valproic acid use, insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus) were present. The available data do not indicate a clear cause-and-effect relation between GH therapy and pancreatitis. Prepubertal gynecomastia. Of 15 possible cases, two were pubertal, eight resolved or improved with continued GH therapy, and two resolved with the cessation of GH therapy. An effect of GH treatment on prepubertal gynecomastia remains unknown. Scoliosis. Scoliosis is reported in fewer than 1 percent of the patients in the National Cooperative Growth Study (general-population prevalence, 1.5% to 3%). Curvature progression can occur during growth acceleration, and a causal association with GH treatment is not substantiated. Pigmented nevi. Nevi growth may be increased with GH treatment. Biopsies have detected no neoplasia or premalignant nevi transformations. FAU - Allen, D B
Clinical utility of serologic testing for celiac disease in asymptomatic patients: an evidence-based analysis.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The objective of this evidence-based analysis was to evaluate the clinical utility of serologic testing for celiac disease in asymptomatic individuals presenting with one of the non-gastrointestinal conditions evaluated in this report. The clinical utility was based on the effects of a gluten-free diet (GFD) on outcomes specific to each of these conditions. The prevalence of celiac disease in asymptomatic individuals and one of these non-gastrointestinal conditions was also evaluated. CLINICAL NEED AND TARGET POPULATION: CELIAC DISEASE: Celiac disease is an autoimmune disease characterized by a chronic inflammatory state of the proximal small bowel mucosa accompanied by structural and functional changes. TECHNOLOGY UNDER EVALUATION: SEROLOGIC TESTS FOR CELIAC DISEASE: There are a number of serologic tests for celiac disease available. Serologic tests are automated with the exception of the anti-endomysial antibody test, which is more time-consuming and operator-dependent than the other tests. RESEARCH QUESTIONS: What is the prevalence of asymptomatic celiac disease in patients presenting with one of the non-gastrointestinal conditions evaluated?What is the effect of the gluten-free diet on condition-specific outcomes in patients with asymptomatic celiac disease presenting with one of the non-gastrointestinal conditions evaluated?What is the clinical utility of serologic testing for celiac disease in asymptomatic patients presenting with one of the non-gastrointestinal conditions evaluated? The clinical utility was defined as the impact of the GFD on disease specific outcomes.What is the risk of all-cause mortality and lymphoma in individuals with asymptomatic celiac disease?What is the budget impact of serologic testing for celiac disease in asymptomatic subjects presenting with one of the non-gastrointestinal conditions evaluated? STUDY POPULATION: The study population consisted of individuals with newly diagnosed celiac disease without any symptoms consistent with the disease presenting with one of the non-gastrointestinal conditions evaluated. When evaluating the risk of lymphoma and all-cause mortality, the study population consisted of asymptomatic individuals with a positive celiac disease serologic test and/or small bowel biopsy. SEARCH STRATEGY: Literature searches were performed for each disease/condition evaluated between December 2010 and March 2011 using OVID MEDLINE, the Cochrane Library, and the International Agency for Health Technology Assessment (INAHTA). No restrictions for start date of search were used. Abstracts were reviewed by a single reviewer and, for those studies meeting the eligibility criteria, full-text articles were obtained. Reference lists were also examined for any additional relevant studies not identified through the search. Articles with an unknown eligibility were reviewed with a second clinical epidemiologist and then a group of epidemiologists until consensus was established. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Studies, systematic reviews, and meta-analyses that assessed the effects of a GFD in patients with newly diagnosed asymptomatic celiac disease presenting with one of the non-gastrointestinal conditions evaluated. If symptoms were not reported in the study but subjects were identified through screening for celiac disease the study was included.Studies, systematic reviews, and meta-analyses that assessed the prevalence of newly diagnosed asymptomatic celiac disease in patients with one of the non-gastrointestinal conditions evaluated. If symptoms were not reported in the study but subjects were identified through screening for celiac disease the study was included.Studies, systematic reviews, and meta-analyses that evaluated the risk of all-cause mortality or lymphoma in individuals with asymptomatic celiac disease.Sample size ≥ 10.Publications in English. EXCLUSION CRITERIA: Studies that retrospectively assessed the prevalence of asymptomatic celiac disease.Studies that reported the prevalence of one of the non-gastrointestinal conditions evaluated in subjects already diagnosed with celiac disease.Studies in individuals with one of the non-gastrointestinal conditions evaluated if the condition could be explained by other causes.Studies in subjects with celiac disease and symptoms consistent with the disease. If the study included individuals with and without symptoms consistent with celiac disease and their results were analysed separately, the results in individuals without symptoms were included in the analysis.Studies in which individuals did not report any symptoms consistent with celiac disease at study start but that either retrospectively reported the presence of such symptoms after following a GFD, or that previously presented with symptoms consistent with celiac disease.Study results published in letters to the editor or comments about other studies.Studies with a sample size ≥ 10, however, in which less than 10 patients were included in the analysis. OUTCOMES OF INTEREST: The effects of a GFD on disease-specific outcomes for each condition evaluated in patients with asymptomatic celiac disease was assessed. The prevalence of asymptomatic celiac disease in patients presenting with one of the conditions evaluated was also assessed. RESULTS OF EVIDENCE-BASED ANALYSIS: Three eligible observational studies evaluated the effects of GFD on growth parameters in subjects with asymptomatic celiac disease and idiopathic short stature. Four eligible observational studies evaluated the effects of GFD on metabolic control in subjects with asymptomatic celiac disease and type 1 diabetes. Five eligible observational studies evaluated the risk of all-cause mortality and five eligible observational studies evaluated the risk of lymphoma in subjects with asymptomatic celiac disease. No eligible studies on the effects of the GFD for the other conditions evaluated were identified. Twenty-three eligible studies measured the prevalence of asymptomatic celiac disease in subjects presenting with one of the conditions evaluated. PREVALENCE OF CELIAC DISEASE IN ASYMPTOMATIC PATIENTS: The prevalence of celiac disease in asymptomatic patients presenting with one of the conditions evaluated was analysed. Most studies also included a control group that generally consisted of individuals randomly selected from the general population. Although there was a trend to a higher prevalence of asymptomatic celiac disease in individuals with the conditions evaluated compared to the controls, it only reached statistical significance in type 1 diabetes. No eligible prevalence studies were identified in patients with amenorrhea, delayed puberty, alopecia, and depression. THE EFFECTS OF A GLUTEN-FREE DIET ON DISEASE-SPECIFIC OUTCOMES IN PATIENTS WITH ASYMPTOMATIC CELIAC DISEASE: THE EFFECTS OF GFD ON METABOLIC CONTROL IN PATIENTS WITH ASYMPTOMATIC CELIAC DISEASE AND TYPE 1 DIABETES: The effects of a GFD on metabolic control (HbA1c, number of hypoglycemic episodes, and changes in insulin dosage) in subjects with asymptomatic celiac disease and type 1 diabetes were evaluated. One prospective case-control study reported an increase in HbA1c levels in cases with type 1 diabetes and asymptomatic celiac disease after the introduction of a GFD, however, the clinical significance of this change is unclear. Only one eligible retrospective case-control study evaluated the effects of a GFD on hypoglycemia episodes and since there were inadequate details in the study about both the ascertainment and severity of hypoglycemia episodes in both cases and controls, it is not possible to draw conclusions regarding the effects of a GFD on hypoglycemia episodes based on this study. One prospective case-control study did not show a statistically significant change in insulin dosage between cases with type 1 diabetes and asymptomatic celiac disease and controls with type 1 diabetes either before or after the introduction of a GFD. No eligible studies that evaluated the effects of a GFD on the long-term outcomes of type 1 diabetes such as cardiovascular or renal events in patients with asymptomatic celiac disease were identified. THE EFFECTS OF A GLUTEN-FREE DIET IN PATIENTS WITH IDIOPATHIC SHORT STATURE AND ASYMPTOMATIC CELIAC DISEASE: A total of 3 eligible studies were identified. All studies consisted of case series that compared growth parameters in subjects with asymptomatic celiac disease and idiopathic short stature before and after the celiac disease was diagnosed and the GFD was instituted. Most subjects included in the studies demonstrated an improvement in growth parameters. Compliance with the GFD was not reported in the studies. The results of the studies suggest an increase in growth velocity in pediatric patients with asymptomatic celiac disease and idiopathic short stature once a GFD is introduced. RISK OF LYMPHOMA IN PATIENTS WITH ASYMPTOMATIC CELIAC DISEASE: One retrospective cohort study evaluated the risk of lymphoma in patients with asymptomatic celiac disease. The authors concluded that the number of events identified was low during the long follow-up period and that the risk of overall malignancies was not increased among patients with asymptomatic celiac disease. RISK OF ASYMPTOMATIC CELIAC DISEASE IN PATIENTS WITH LYMPHOMA: Four case-control studies, one of which retrospective, evaluated the risk of asymptomatic celiac disease in patients newly diagnosed with lymphoma. One retrospective cohort study did not show an increase in the risk of lymphoma among subjects with asymptomatic celiac disease. Three prospective case-control studies did not find a statistically significant risk of asymptomatic celiac disease in patients with newly diagnosed lymphoma. (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED)
Increased adrenal androgen levels in patients with Prader-Willi syndrome are associated with insulin, IGF-I, and leptin, but not with measures of obesity.$$$ BACKGROUND/AIM: Since hyperandrogenism in simple obesity is assumed to arise from hyperinsulinism and/or increased insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) or leptin levels, we examined how in patients with Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS), the most frequent form of syndromal obesity, the accelerated adrenarche can be explained despite hypothalamic-pituitary insufficiency with low levels of insulin and IGF-I. METHODS: In 23 children with PWS and a mean age of 5.6 years, height, weight, fat mass, fasting insulin concentration, insulin resistance (by HOMA-R; see text), and leptin and IGF-I levels were determined to test whether they explain the variance of the levels of dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) and its sulfate (DHEAS), of androstenedione, and of cortisol before and during 42 months of therapy with growth hormone. RESULTS: The baseline DHEAS, DHEA, and androstenedione concentrations were increased as compared with age-related reference values, whereas the cortisol level was always normal. During growth hormone treatment, the DHEA concentration further rose, and the cortisol level decreased significantly. The insulin and IGF-I concentrations were low before therapy, while fat mass and leptin level were elevated. The hormonal covariates provided alone or together between 24 and 60% of the explanation for the variance of adrenal androgen levels, but the anthropometric variables did not correlate with them. CONCLUSIONS: In children with PWS, elevated androgen levels correlate with hormones that are usually associated with adiposity. However, the lack of direct correlations between disturbed body composition and androgen levels as well as the increased sensitivity to insulin and IGF-I are abnormalities specific to PWS, potentially caused by the underlying hypothalamic defect.
Noonan syndrome: relationships between genotype, growth, and growth factors.$$$ CONTEXT: Half of the patients with Noonan syndrome (NS) carry mutation of the PTPN11 gene, which plays a role in many hormonal signaling pathways. The mechanism of stunted growth in NS is not clear. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to compare growth and hormonal growth factors before and during recombinant human GH therapy in patients with and without PTPN11 mutations (M+ and M-). SETTING, DESIGN, AND PATIENTS: This was a prospective multicenter study in 35 NS patients with growth retardation. Auxological data and growth before and during 2 yr of GH therapy are shown. GH, IGF-I, IGF binding protein (IGFBP)-3, and acid-labile subunit (ALS) levels were evaluated before and during therapy. RESULTS: Molecular investigation of the PTPN11 coding sequence revealed 12 different heterozygous missense mutations in 20 of 35 (57%). Birth length was reduced [mean -1.2 sd score (SDS); six m+ and two m- were < -2 SDS] but not birth weight. M+ vs. M- patients were shorter at 6 yr (P = 0.04). In the prepubertal group (n = 25), GH therapy resulted in a catch-up height SDS, which was lower after 2 yr in M+ vs. M- patients (P < 0.03). The mean peak GH level (n = 35) was 15.4 +/- 6.5 ng/ml. Mean blood IGF-I concentration in 19 patients (11 m+, eight m-) was low (especially in M+) for age, sex, and puberty (-1.6 +/- 1.0 SDS) and was normalized after 1 yr of GH therapy (P < 0.001), without difference in M+ vs. M- patients. ALS levels (n = 10) were also very low. By contrast, the mean basal IGFBP-3 value (n = 19) was normal. CONCLUSIONS: In NS patients with short stature, some neonates have birth length less than -2 SDS. Growth of M+ is reduced and responds less efficiently to GH than M- patients. The association of low IGF-I and ALS with normal IGFBP-3 levels could explain growth impairment of M+ children and could suggest a GH resistance by a late postreceptor signaling defect. FAU - Limal, Jean-Marie
Greater fructose consumption is associated with cardiometabolic risk markers and visceral adiposity in adolescents.$$$ Though adolescents consume more fructose than any other age group, the relationship between fructose consumption and markers of cardiometabolic risk has not been established in this population. We determined associations of total fructose intake (free fructose plus one-half the intake of free sucrose) with cardiometabolic risk factors and type of adiposity in 559 adolescents aged 14-18 y. Fasting blood samples were measured for glucose, insulin, lipids, adiponectin, and C-reactive protein. Diet was assessed with 4-7 24-h recalls and physical activity (PA) was determined by accelerometry. Fat-free soft tissue (FFST) mass and fat mass were measured by DXA. The s.c. abdominal adipose tissue (SAAT) and visceral adipose tissue (VAT) were assessed using MRI. Multiple linear regression, adjusting for age, sex, race, Tanner stage, FFST mass, fat mass, PA, energy intake, fiber intake, and socioeconomic status, revealed that fructose intake was associated with VAT (β = 0.13; P = 0.03) but not SAAT (P = 0.15). Significant linear upward trends across tertiles of fructose intake were observed for systolic blood pressure, fasting glucose, HOMA-IR, and C-reactive protein after adjusting for the same covariates (all P-trend < 0.04). Conversely, significant linear downward trends across tertiles of fructose intake were observed for plasma HDL-cholesterol and adiponectin (both P-trend < 0.03). When SAAT was added as a covariate, these trends persisted (all P-trend < 0.05). However, when VAT was included as a covariate, it attenuated these trends (all P-trend > 0.05). In adolescents, higher fructose consumption is associated with multiple markers of cardiometabolic risk, but it appears that these relationships are mediated by visceral obesity. FAU - Pollock, Norman K
Aspects of the treatment of Turner syndrome.$$$ Several issues have to be considered when taking care of girls and women with Turner syndrome. During childhood, short stature is the primary concern and treatment with growth hormone (GH) is now widely used, often in conjunction with the androgen, oxandrolone. Recent studies indicate that doses used previously in the treatment of short stature have been too small. Induction of puberty should be performed at an appropriate age with reference to the peers of the patient. In adulthood, female sex hormone substitution should be offered to possibly prevent the increased morbidity seen in Turner syndrome, which consists of increased risk of fractures and osteoporosis, a clustering of diseases like ischaemic heart disease, hypertension, stroke and Type 2 diabetes, the latter entities being involved in the insulin resistance syndrome. Furthermore, hypothyreosis are often seen and the risk of Type 1 diabetes may also be increased. Congenital malformations of the heart are frequently seen in Turner syndrome, possibly increasing the risk of dissecting aorta aneurism. Liver enzymes are often elevated in Turner syndrome and there may be an increased risk of cirrhosis of the liver. Mortality does seem to be increased in Turner syndrome and women with the 'pure' 45,X karyotype do seem to be most severely affected. In the clinical practice of Turner syndrome, a careful monitoring of glucose and bone metabolism, weight, thyroid function and blood pressure should be performed. A cardiovascular risk profile should be determined and the patient informed concerning risks and benefits from sex hormone replacement therapy. Based on the available literature, sex hormone replacement therapy is highly recommended, although at present there are no longitudinal data documenting the long-term positive effect of sex steroid substitution. However, hypogonadism is expected to explain at least part of the decreased lifespan found in Turner syndrome. Since general physicians encounter Turner patients infrequently, it is recommended that the care and treatment of Turner syndrome is centralised. FAU - Gravholt, C H
Growth hormone (GH) dose, but not exon 3-deleted/full-length GH receptor polymorphism genotypes, influences growth response to two-year GH Therapy in Short Small-for-Gestational-Age Children.$$$ CONTEXT: In short small-for-gestational-age (SGA) patients, the exon 3-deleted(d3)/full-length (fl)-GHR polymorphism was associated with responsiveness to GH therapy (30-48 microg/kg.d); however, these results were not confirmed for higher GH doses (56-66 microg/kg.d). We hypothesized that higher doses would mask the lower dose differences. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to evaluate, in short SGA patients, 2-yr growth response to GH therapy (32.1 +/- 3.8 microg/kg.d) according to exon d3/fl-GHR genotypes. SETTING: This was a 2-yr follow-up study. PATIENTS: There was a total of 60 short SGA children (d3/d3 n = 8, d3/fl n = 23, and fl/fl n = 29). There were 11 children that entered puberty during the second follow-up year. Results were evaluated for all patients (group A1, n = 60, 7.7 +/- 2.7 yr) and for patients who remained prepubertal (group A2, n = 49, 6.9 +/- 2.2 yr). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Patients were followed by a single clinical team, and exon d3/fl-GHR genotypes were determined and analyzed in the same hospital. RESULTS: In groups A1 and A2, growth velocity significantly (P < 0.0001) increased during the first and second years of therapy, as did height sd score (SDS). These increases were similar in each exon d3/fl-GHR genotype. Total 2-yr height gain (cm, SDS) did not differ statistically among genotypes: group A1, 15.0 +/- 2.0 cm and 1.15 +/- 0.45 SDS in d3/d3, 16.0 +/- 2.4 cm and 1.17 +/- 0.51 SDS in d3/fl, 16.1 +/- 2.4 cm and 1.15 +/- 0.53 SDS in fl/fl; and group A2, 15.4 +/- 2.0 cm and 1.03 +/- 0.42 SDS in d3/d3, 15.6 +/- 2.1 cm and 1.22 +/- 0.51 in d3/fl, and 16.2 +/- 2.6 cm and 1.21 +/- 0.56 SDS in fl/fl. CONCLUSIONS: These results did not confirm our hypothesis and show that, in short SGA children, 2-yr growth response to GH therapy 32.1 +/- 3.8 microg/kg.d was similar for each exon d3/fl-GHR genotype carried, as occurred in our previous study using 66 microkg.d. FAU - Carrascosa, Antonio
Deficits in Bone Geometry in Growth Hormone-Deficient Prepubertal Boys Revealed by High-Resolution Peripheral Quantitative Computed Tomography.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Although growth hormone (GH) is essential for attainment of peak bone mass, bone health in prepubertal children with GH deficiency is not routinely evaluated. The objective of this study was to evaluate bone microarchitecture in GH-deficient (GHD) boys using high-resolution peripheral quantitative computed tomography (HR-pQCT). METHODS: Fifteen control and fifteen GHD, GH naïve pre-pubertal boys were recruited for a case-control study at a major academic center. Subjects with panhypopituitarism, chromosomal pathology, chronic steroids, or stimulant use were excluded. Volumetric bone mineral density (vBMD; total, cortical, and trabecular), bone geometry (total, cortical and trabecular cross-sectional area, cortical perimeter), bone microarchitecture, and estimated bone strength of the distal radius and tibia were assessed by HR-pQCT. Areal BMD and body composition were assessed by DXA. Insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1), osteocalcin, C telopeptide, and P1NP levels were measured. RESULTS: GHD subjects had a signiﬁcantly smaller cortical perimeter of the distal radius compared to controls (p < 0.001), with the difference in cortical perimeter persisting after adjusting for height z score, age, lean mass, and 25-hydroxyvitamin D level (p < 0.05).No significant differences were found in vBMD. No significant differences were found in microarchitecture, estimated strength, areal BMD, body composition, or bone turnover markers. Analysis showed significant positive correlations between IGF-1 levels and cortical parameters. DISCUSSION/CONCLUSIONS: Prepubertal GHD boys had deficits in bone geometry not evident with DXA. Larger prospective/longitudinal HR-pQCT studies are needed to determine the extent of these deficits, the need for routine bone evaluation, and the timing of GH replacement for prevention or restoration of these deficits.
The Effect of Gonadotropin-Releasing Hormone Analogue on Final Adult Height in Children with Idiopathic Short Stature.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess final adult height (FAH) in children with short stature treated with gonadotropin-releasing hormone analogue (GnRHa). METHODS: All patients with idiopathic short stature (ISS) with normally timed puberty and a Tanner stage between 2 and 3, who achieved their FAH between 2005 and 2015, were included in this clinical historical cohort study. Height gain, FAH, and mid-parental height of 28 children with ISS who received GnRHa treatment for 1.8 ± 1.0 years to delay their puberty were compared to 31 untreated children. RESULTS: The FAHs of the treated and the untreated girls were 151.3 ± 5.1 and 146.8 ± 3.8 cm (p = 0.01), respectively. The FAHs of the treated and the untreated boys were 156.4 ± 4.7 and 152.3 ± 5.7 cm (p = 0.111), respectively. The height gain in the treated and the untreated girls was 1.6 ± 7.8 and -3.6 ± 5.7 cm (p = 0.036), respectively. Height gain in the treated and the untreated boys was -5.1 ± 13.6 and -11.5 ± 8.4 cm (p = 0.171), respectively. CONCLUSION: GnRHa therapy has a modest effect in improving FAH in adolescent females with ISS but not in boys.
The relation between bone mineral density, insulin-like growth factor I, lipoprotein (a), body composition, and muscle strength in adolescent males.$$$ Osteoporosis is the most common metabolic bone disease. A low peak bone mass is regarded a risk factor for osteoporosis. Heredity, physical activity, and nutrition are regarded important measures for the observed variance in peak bone mass. Lp(a) lipoprotein is a well-known risk factor for atherosclerosis. Serum insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) has been found to be increased in males with early cardiovascular disease. In this study, we evaluated the association between bone mass, body constitution, muscle strength, Lp(a), and IGF-I in 47 Caucasian male adolescents (mean age, 16.9 yr). Bone mineral density (BMD) and body composition were measured by dual x-ray absorptiometry, muscle strength of thigh using an isokinetic dynamometer, IGF-I by RIA, and Lp(a) by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. IGF-I was only associated with Lp(a) (r = 0.38, P < 0.01). Lp(a) was related to total body (r = 0.40, P < 0.01), skull (r = 0.45, P < 0.01), and femoral neck BMD (r = 0.44, P < 0.01). Lp(a) was also related to fat mass (r = 0.34, P < 0.05) and muscle strength (r = 0.30-0.42, P < 0.05). After multiple regression and principal component (PC) analysis, the so-called PC body size (weight, fat mass, lean body mass, and muscle strength) was the most significant predictor of BMD (beta = 0.28-0.51, P < 0.05-0.01), followed by the so-called PC physical activity (beta = 0.28-0.38, P < 0.05-0.01, weight-bearing locations). However, the PC analysis confirmed that Lp(a) was an independent predictor of total body, skull, and femoral neck BMD (beta = 0.33-0.36, P < 0.01). The present investigation confirms that BMD, body size, and muscle strength are closely related and that the level of physical activity is a major determinant of BMD. However, the positive relation of Lp(a), a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease, to BMD has not previously been described. The importance of this observation has to be further investigated. FAU - Thorsen, K
Increased circulating zonulin in children with biopsy-proven nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.$$$ AIM: To investigate the potential association of circulating zonulin with the stage of liver disease in obese children with biopsy-confirmed nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). METHODS: A case-control study was performed. Cases were 40 obese children with NAFLD. The diagnosis of NAFLD was based on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) with high hepatic fat fraction (HFF ≥ 5%), and confirmed by liver biopsy with ≥ 5% of hepatocytes containing macrovesicular fat. Controls were selected from obese children with normal levels of aminotransferases, and without MRI evidence of fatty liver as well as of other causes of chronic liver diseases. Controls were matched (1-to 1) with the cases on age, gender, pubertal stage and as closely as possible on body mass index- standard deviation score. All participants underwent clinical examination, laboratory tests including zonulin, inflammatory and metabolic parameters, and MRI for measurement of HFF and visceral adipose tissue. RESULTS: Zonulin values were significantly greater in obese subjects with NAFLD than in those without NAFLD [median (interquartile range), 4.23 (3.18-5.89) vs 3.31 (2.05-4.63), P < 0.01]. In patients with NAFLD, zonulin concentrations increased significantly with the severity of steatosis and the Spearman's coefficient revealed a positive correlation between zonulin values and steatosis (r = 0.372, P < 0.05); however, we did not find a significant correlation between zonulin and lobular inflammation (P = 0.23), ballooning (P = 0.10), fibrosis score (P = 0.18), or presence of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (P = 0.17). Within the entire study population, zonulin levels were positively associated with gamma-glutamyl transferase, 2-h insulin, HFF, and negatively associated with whole-body insulin sensitivity index (WBISI), after adjustment for age, gender and pubertal status. When the associations were restricted to the group of NAFLD patients, 2-h insulin, hepatic fat, and WBISI retained statistical significance. CONCLUSION: Circulating zonulin is increased in children and adolescents with NAFLD and correlates with the severity of steatosis. FAU - Pacifico, Lucia
Pubertal growth and epiphyseal fusion.$$$ The complex networks of nutritional, cellular, paracrine, and endocrine factors are closely related with pubertal growth and epiphyseal fusion. Important influencing factors include chondrocyte differentiation capacity, multiple molecular pathways active in the growth plate, and growth hormone-insulin-like growth factor-I axis activation and epiphyseal fusion through estrogen and its receptors. However, the exact mechanisms of these phenomena are still unclear. A better understanding of the detailed processes involved in the pubertal growth spurt and growth plate closure in longitudinal bone growth will help us develop methods to efficiently promote pubertal growth and delay epiphyseal fusion with fewer adverse effects. FAU - Shim, Kye Shik
Disproportional bone growth and reduced weight gain in gonadectomized male bovine growth hormone transgenic and normal mice.$$$ Sex steroids have been shown to influence longitudinal bone growth during sexual maturation, partially by increased GH secretion. Mice transgenic for metallothionein promoter bovine GH were developed by pronuclear injection as a model with sex steroid-independent GH secretion. Prepubertal normal and transgenic, male and female mice were either gonadectomized or sham operated. The growth was divided into two segments: peripubertal growth from 30-60 days of age and adult growth from 60-90 days of age. Orchidectomy resulted in a decreased growth rate of the lumbar spine and a decreased weight gain during the peripubertal growth, whereas tibia growth was unaffected. The alteration in proportions between the lumbar spine and the tibia was apparent for both normal and bovine GH transgenic mice, suggesting that the effect was not mediated via decreased GH secretion. Orchidectomy resulted in increased adult tibial growth, whereas weight gain and lumbar growth were unaffected. In female mice, gonadectomy did not influence these parameters during either time period studied. In summary, we present data indicating that the male gonads in a GH secretion-independent manner stimulate pubertal growth of the spine and inhibit the tibial growth of adult animals. FAU - Sandstedt, J
[Clinical characteristics and outcome of cystic fibrosis: report of 16 cases].$$$ AIM: The aim of this report is to determine clinical characteristics and outcome of Cystic Fibrosis (CF). METHODS: Cases of CF managed at Infantile Medicine A Department in Children's Hospital of Tunis during 13 years (1994-2006) were reviewed. RESULTS: 16 children had CF. They were 8 males and 8 females. 13 patients were consanguineous and four had similar familial cases. The mean age at diagnosis was 19 months (10 days, 13 years). 3/4 of patients were symptomatic within the first trimester of life. Revealing symptoms were: obstructive bronchopathy associated to chronic diarrhea (n=6), edema-anemia-hypotrophy-hypoproteinemia syndrome (n=3), meconium ileus (n=4), bronchiectasis (n=2) and chronic diarrhea (n=1). The diagnosis was confirmed by sweat test and genotypic data. The F508 del was the most frequent mutation (54%). Clinical outcome was characterized by the occurrence of respiratory and nutritional complications: acute respiratory failure (n=6), chronic respiratory failure (n=3), chronic pseudomonas aeruginosa infection (n=6) at a medium age of 3.8 years, recurrent haemoptysis (n=2), pleural effusion (n=2), a malnutrition (n =10) and diabetes associated to puberty delay in one patient. Seven patients died at mean age of 4.4 years (6 months, 17.3 years). Among surviving patients, six had no compromised nutritional status or lung function. Prenatal diagnosis was performed in three families. CONCLUSION: CF is characterized by earliest onset and severity of symptoms. Therapeutic insufficiency is the main cause of precocious complications and poor prognosis in our series. FAU - Khemiri, Monia
Thyroid function in obese children and adolescents.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Obesity is frequently associated with modifications of thyroid size and function. We evaluated the prevalence of thyroid function abnormalities and the effects of puberty and weight loss in obese children and adolescents. METHODS: We examined 468 obese children (255 girls and 213 boys aged 3.7-17.9 years) and 52 normal-weight age-matched children as controls. TSH, fT3, fT4, fasting serum insulin and glucose were measured at baseline. fT3, fT4 and TSH were also measured after 6 months of lifestyle intervention in a subset of 43 patients. RESULTS: 109 obese children showed abnormal circulating thyroid hormone concentrations (84 had elevated fT3 levels, 15 elevated TSH, 6 elevated fT4, 3 elevated fT3 and TSH, and 1 elevated fT3, fT4 and TSH levels). Serum TSH and fT3 concentrations were positively correlated with BMI-SDS. The prevalence of patients with abnormal thyroid hormone concentrations was similar between sexes and between prepubertal and pubertal subjects. After 6 months of lifestyle intervention, thyroid hormone concentrations normalized in 27 of the patients with decreased BMI-SDS, and in 2 patients in whom BMI-SDS increased. CONCLUSIONS: In obese children, an increased fT3 concentration is the most frequent thyroid function abnormality. Serum fT3 and TSH correlate with BMI. Moderate weight loss frequently restores these abnormalities.
Assisted reproduction and its neuroendocrine impact on the offspring.$$$ Assisted reproductive technologies (ARTs) have been widely used during the last three decades and progressively more children are born with the help of such methods. There is now evidence that ARTs may be associated with slight epigenetic modifications in the expression of several genes that could have a long-term impact on the health of the offspring. Also, a clear association between such techniques and genomic imprinting abnormalities has been reported. The neuroendocrine impact of ART on the offspring includes slight elevations of systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP), as well as increased circulating triglyceride concentrations, in children born after ART, especially in those with rapid catch-up growth in weight during early childhood. However, the postnatal growth of most children after ART is normal and no increased incidence of the full metabolic syndrome has been observed in these children and adolescents. Moreover, the pace and timing of puberty of such children is normal and no increased incidence of premature adrenarche could be discerned in ART children in the absence of restricted fetal growth. Finally, a slight modification of the set point of thyroid stimulating hormone sensitivity was observed in ART children, without an apparent impact on thyroid hormone secretion. This has been attributed to epigenetic changes. Questions remain to be answered regarding the future reproductive capacity of children born after ART, as well as their cardiovascular risk in later adult life. Long-term prospective studies should be performed to provide robust evidence.
The effects of oestrogens on linear bone growth.$$$ Regulation of linear bone growth in children and adolescents comprises a complex interaction of hormones and growth factors. Growth hormone (GH) is considered to be the key hormone regulator of linear growth in childhood. The pubertal increase in growth velocity associated with GH has traditionally been attributed to testicular androgen secretion in boys, and to oestrogens or adrenal androgen secretion in girls. Research data indicating that oestrogen may be the principal hormone stimulating the pubertal growth spurt in boys as well as girls is reviewed. Such an action is mediated by oestrogen receptors (ER-alpha and ER-beta) in the human growth plate, and polymorphisms in the ER gene may influence adult height in healthy subjects. Prepubertal oestradiol concentrations are significantly higher in girls than in boys, explaining sex-related differences in pubertal onset. Men with a disruptive mutation in the ER gene (oestrogen resistance) or in the CYP19 gene (aromatase deficiency) who have no pubertal growth spurt and continue to grow into adulthood due to lack of epiphyseal fusion supports this notion. Furthermore, phenotypic females with complete androgen insensitivity syndrome have a normal female growth spurt despite lack of androgen action. Oestrogens may also influence linear bone growth indirectly via modulation of the GH-insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) axis. Thus, ER blockade diminishes endogenous GH secretion, androgen receptor (AR) blockade increases GH secretion in peripubertal boys, and non-aromatizable androgens [oxandrolone or dihydrotestosterone (DHT)] have no effect on GH secretion. Treatment with aromatase inhibitors reduces circulating IGF-I concentrations in healthy males, and reduces growth in boys with testotoxicosis. Taken together, these findings suggest that oestrogens may, in addition to their direct effects, stimulate GH secretion and thereby increase circulating IGF-I, which in turn may stimulate growth. Thus, oestrogens have important biphasic actions on longitudinal growth in boys as well as in girls. Very low levels of oestrogens may stimulate bone growth without affecting sexual maturation directly at the growth plate as well as through stimulation of the GH-IGF axis, which in turn may stimulate growth. Conversely, higher levels of oestrogens stimulate secondary sexual characteristics and epiphyseal fusion. FAU - Juul, A
Long-term follow-up of portacaval shunt in glycogen storage disease type 1B.$$$ In two girls with glycogen storage disease (GSD) type 1b, terminolateral portacaval shunt (PCS) with partial circular resection of the lobus quadratus of the liver was performed at the age of 12 and 10 years, respectively. At that time, the patients had a height of -3.1 and -1.7 SDS, respectively. PCS resulted in a spectacular growth spurt of 35 cm within the first 5 years after surgery in both of them. As first sign of puberty, breast enlargement started 2.5 years after PCS in both patients. Improved glucose tolerance was evidenced by increased levels of blood glucose and insulin after PCS. Diet with raw cornstarch (CS), 2g/kg body weight four times daily, was started 8 years after PCS in patient 1, but initiated with nightly gastric feeding at the age of 2 years in patient 2, 8 years before PCS. Treatment with recombinant granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (rhGCSF), 6 microg/kg body weight every 36-48 h, was started 20 years after PCS in patient 1, but only 1 month before PCS in patient 2. Progressive development of up to 7-8 liver adenomas was observed after PCS, but without conclusive signs of malignancy on Ferrit MRI. The PCS is still open 23 and 7 years after PCS, respectively. Terminolateral PCS with partial circular resection of the lobus quadratus of the liver associated with dietary control and rhGCSF might still have a place in the treatment of GSD type 1b because it improves the tolerance to fasting and the quality of life and moreover yields excellent metabolic control. CONCLUSION: Treatment of glycogen storage disease type 1b by portacaval shunt might be considered in patients with height-for-age below the 3rd percentile occurring in spite of dietary control, or before considering liver transplantation which, if necessary, can still be performed after shunt surgery. FAU - Corbeel, L
Growth hormone and the risk of atherosclerosis in growth hormone-deficient children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Growth hormone-deficient (GHD) children have been found to have higher cardiovascular mortality rates and an increased carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT). This study investigated the risk of atherosclerosis and the effect of recombinant growth hormone (rhGH) replacement therapy on the lipid profile and CIMT in GHD children. DESIGN: A total of 40 GHD children (mean age: 12.3±2.04 years) were investigated before and after 1 year of rhGH therapy at a dosage of 0.03 mg/kg/day and 40 age- and sex-matched healthy children (mean age: 12.1±2.23 years) were enrolled as a control group, in the same pubertal stage. Fasting blood samples were obtained for lipid profile, IGF-1, and IGFBP-3 analyses. The patients and controls underwent CIMT measurements before and after 1 year of rhGH treatment. RESULTS: The growth velocity and height standard deviation scores increased significantly over 1 year of treatment in all patients. The total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, and atherogenic index (Ai) values were increased while the high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol value was decreased in the GHD children, as compared to the controls; however, the triglyceride (TG) level was comparable. After 1 year of treatment, a significant decrease in the TC, LDL cholesterol, and Ai values as well as a significant increase in the HDL value were observed in the GHD patients, with the values becoming similar to those in the control group. The mean CIMT was significantly greater in the GHD subjects than in the controls. After 1 year of therapy, the CIMT in the GHD subjects had decreased significantly; however, it was still greater than that in the control group. IGF-1 was negatively correlated with TC, LDL cholesterol, Ai, right CIMT, and left CIMT. CONCLUSIONS: GHD is associated with increased atherosclerotic risk in children. An improved lipid profile and CIMT were detected after 1 year of hormone replacement therapy.
Epidemiologic investigation of polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) in Han ethnic women of reproductive age in Liaoning Province, China.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the incidence of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) among Han women of reproductive age in Liaoning Province in Northeastern China, based on the Revised Rotterdam 2003 criteria. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A retrospective cohort study was carried out on 1,600 women using questionnaires, physical examination, ultrasonography, and biochemical indices (aged = 19 to 45 years; n = 1,600). PCOS patients were identified using the Revised Rotterdam 2003 criteria. RESULTS: A total of 132 Han women of reproductive age were diagnosed with PCOS, with a prevalence of 8.25%. The prevalence of menstrual dysfunction was as follows: 97 patients (73.48%) had abnormal menstruation, three (2.27%) had polymenorrhea, and 94 (71.21%) had oligomenorrhea. Up to 64 patients (48.48%) had androgen excess, 42 (31.82%) had biochemical evidence of androgen excess, and 34 (25.76%) had clinical androgen excess. Up to 34 patients (25.76%) were obese (body mass index [BMI] > or = 25) and 19 (14.39%) had hirsutism (F-G scoring > or = 6). A total of 127 patients (96.22%) were diagnosed with PCOS via ultrasonography, 67 of whom (50.76%) had a unilateral polycystic ovary and 60 (45.46%) had bilateral polycystic ovaries. CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of PCOS in this study population was 8.25%, with an infertility rate of 27.8%. The classical manifestation of PCOS is PCO, abnormal menstruation, and obesity. The high-risk factors of PCOS include high free testosterone index, homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), increased serum testosterone and androstenedione, decreased sex hormone-binding globulin, long history of infertility, menarche later than 16 years old, and failure to have regular menstruation within two years. FAU - Jiao, J
Do all girls with apparent idiopathic precocious puberty require gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist treatment?$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate prospectively pubertal and predicted adult height progression until final height (FH) or near FH in girls with apparent idiopathic precocious puberty who were not treated. STUDY DESIGN: The decision not to treat at the time of initial evaluation was based on evidence of slowly progressive puberty as shown by bone age (BA) advancement <2 years above the chronologic age, whatever the hypothalamic pituitary ovarian axis activation, or no evidence of hypothalamic pituitary ovarian axis activation, whatever the BA advancement. During follow-up, patients who showed a significant decrease in predicted FH were treated with gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist. RESULTS: Twenty-six girls with idiopathic precocious puberty were studied at a mean chronologic age of 7.4 +/- 0.9 years during a follow-up period of 6.6 +/- 2.2 years until FH or near FH. During the first 2 years of follow-up, most of the patients (group 1, n = 17; 65% of the cases) showed no substantial changes in predicted FH. They never required treatment, and menarche occurred at a mean chronologic age of 11.9 +/- 0.6 years. Their mean FH (or near FH) at 160.7 +/- 5.7 cm was close to their target height (161.3 +/- 4.7 cm). On the other hand, after a mean follow-up period of 1.4 +/- 0.8 years, 9 patients (group 2) had acceleration of bone maturation and deterioration of their predicted FH (from 162.1 +/- 6. 2 cm to 155.3 +/- 5.6 cm; P <.01), which was at that time significantly lower than their target height (P <.05) (mean target height = 159.8 +/- 4.6 cm). They received a gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist for 2.1 +/- 0.7 years, resulting in a restoration of growth prognosis (mean FH or near FH = 160.2 +/- 6.7 cm). CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrates that not all patients with apparent idiopathic precocious puberty require medical treatment, notably when there is no evidence of hypothalamo-pituitary ovarian activation or no significantly advanced BA to impair height potential. Most show a slowly progressing puberty. However, careful follow-up of these patients is necessary up to at least 9 years of age, because until then height prediction may deteriorate, necessitating gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist treatment in one third of the cases. FAU - Léger, J
Sex hormones and metabolic syndrome in children and adolescents.$$$ Cardiovascular risk starts early in life, yet the patterns of changes in metabolic syndrome (MS) during puberty and normal development have not been completely defined. Sex hormones are shown to play a pivotal role in the modulation of insulin resistance and MS. Our aim is to clarify the relation between sex hormones and MS in normal children and adolescents. This is a cross-sectional study of 365 (8-12 and 14-18 years old) school students. We analyzed the associations of sex hormones (testosterone, free androgen index, estradiol, free estradiol index [FEI], and sex hormone-binding globulin [SHBG]) with cardiovascular risk factors and MS. Prevalence of MS varied depending on the definition, and 33 (9%) students had MS based on at least 1 definition of MS. Frequency of MS doubled among 14- to 18-year-old adolescents compared with 8- to 12-year-old children (12.4% vs 5.6%, P = .02). Adolescent boys and girls with MS had significantly lower SHBG levels compared with controls. Adolescent boys with MS also had significantly higher FEI levels compared with controls. Logistic regression analysis was performed to find the predictors of MS. Among covariates of age, estradiol, testosterone, free androgen index, and FEI, SHBG was the only significant predictor of MS (B = -0.3, odds ratio = 0.8, 95% confidence interval for odds ratio are 0.64 and 0.92, P = .005, Nagelkarke R(2) = 0.48) in adolescent boys. In conclusion, sex hormone levels and androgen/estrogen balance may play an important role in determining MS and future cardiovascular risk among children and adolescents. FAU - Agirbasli, Mehmet
Elevated serum IL-6, IL-8, MCP-1, CRP, and IFN-γ levels in 10- to 11-year-old boys with increased BMI.$$$ BACKGROUND/AIMS: Many inflammation parameters are associated with obesity, but few comparable data are found in youth. This study aims to characterize the differences in serum levels of 13 biochemical inflammatory markers between boys with increased BMI and boys with normal BMI, and examine the relationships between inflammation markers, skinfold thicknesses, and body composition. PARTICIPANTS/METHODS: The participants were 38 boys (BMI above 85th percentile) and 38 boys (normal BMI) at the age of 10-11 years. Measurements included BMI, 9 skinfold thicknesses, waist and hip circumferences, and total body and trunk fat mass and percentage as indices of obesity, fasting insulin, glucose, and serum concentrations of IL-2, IL-4, IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, VEGF, IFN-γ, TNF-α, IL-1α, IL-1β, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), epidermal growth factor, and CRP. RESULTS: Overweight boys (OWB) were taller and more frequently in puberty than normal-weight boys (NWB). Skinfold thicknesses and body composition parameters were higher in OWB. They had significantly higher serum IL-6, IL-8, IFN-γ, MCP-1, and CRP values compared to NWB. CONCLUSIONS: Six of 13 measured biochemical markers were significantly increased in OWB, indicating that many low-grade inflammatory processes are already involved in the development of obesity in childhood.
Clinical Relevance of Transforming Growth Factor-β1, Interleukin-6 and Haptoglobin for Prediction of Obesity Complications in Prepubertal Egyptian Children.$$$ BACKGROUND: The rate of obesity is increasing throughout the world. Obesity in adults' research is characterized by chronic inflammation, associated with type 2 Diabetes and cardiovascular risk. The degree to which these changes occur in childhood obesity is not fully defined. AIM: This study was designed to explore the relation between circulating levels of pro-inflammatory cytokines, and obesity. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This cross sectional case control study was carried out in 50 randomly selected pre-pubertal overweight and obese children compared with fifty apparently healthy children of matched age and sex. Serum levels of transforming growth factor-β1, interleukin-6, and haptoglobin were quantified by ELISA technique. RESULTS: ANOVA test followed by Post Hoc test showed highly significant increase in the serum levels of the transforming growth factor-β1, interleukin-6 and haptoglobin among obese children compared to overweight and healthy children respectively. The body weight, BMI and BMI z-score were significantly positively correlated with serum levels of the three pro-inflammatory cytokines. Serum levels of interleukin-6, and haptoglobin were found to be strong predictors of complications in severe obesity by linear regression analysis. CONCLUSIONS: Obesity is associated with chronic low-grade inflammation. High levels of interleukin-6 and haptoglobin are considered to be early biomarkers of inflammation associated with severe obesity with subsequent cardiovascular and type 2 diabetes risk. FAU - El-Alameey, Inas R
Childhood-onset schizophrenia: an NIMH study in progress.$$$ An ongoing study of the phenomenology, genetics, neuropsychology, physiology (eye tracking, autonomic responsivity), neuroimaging, biochemistry, and pharmacology of childhood-onset schizophrenia is described, and pilot data are presented for the first 22 subjects. Differentiation from autism "spectrum" disorders and other poorly defined, severe neurodevelopmental disorders is needed. Eye tracking and autonomic results are similar to patterns seen in later-onset schizophrenia and possibly more striking. Magnetic resonance imaging showed larger left frontal ventricular horn area for the schizophrenia subjects, larger left caudate, and lack of normal caudate asymmetry. Fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography during an auditory continuous performance task revealed decreased right parietal/occipital glucose metabolic rate in the schizophrenia subjects, which may be secondary to poor attentional performance, and increased glucose metabolic rate in three left frontal regions, a left parietal region, and the right putamen. Clozapine has been effective and well tolerated in an open trial with 12 adolescents who responded poorly to typical neuroleptics; 16 subjects have been enrolled in a double-blind comparison of haloperidol and clozapine. Longitudinal study of this narrowly defined and possibly more homogeneous group of very early-onset schizophrenia subjects will be relevant to current neurodevelopmental theories addressing the role of puberty, progression of pathology, and continuity or discontinuity with later-onset schizophrenia. FAU - Gordon, C T
Growth failure in children and adolescents with Crohn's disease.$$$ BACKGROUND/AIMS: A clinical analysis in children, adolescents and young adults with Crohn's disease was performed to investigate if growth failure is caused by an impaired growth hormone secretion in these patients. METHODS: 40 patients with Crohn's disease (26 male, 14 female) with an average age of 16,7 years (median: 17,0 years, range: 4-29) were included in the study. The observation period varied from 8 months to 16,7 years, patient's age ranged from 4 years up to 29 years. To examine growth hormone excretion, urinary growth hormone was measured using an in vitro immunoradiometric assay in three morning urine samples. Renal function was obtained by analysing creatinine and alpha-1-microglobulin in the same samples. Observation period, chronological age, height, growth rate, pubertal stage, localisation, pediatric Crohn disease activity index and corticosteroid treatment as well as IGF-1 levels were determined. We found normal urinary growth hormone levels in Crohn's disease concluding that growth failure in patients with Crohn's disease is not caused by growth hormone deficiency. Evenly corticosteroid therapy did not appear to be the most responsible factor for growth failure in Crohn's disease. CONCLUSIONS: Disease activity indicated by a high pediatric Crohn disease activity index score had an important impact on impaired growth in children and adolescents with Crohn's disease. FAU - Tietjen, Katja
Intra-abdominal fat is related to metabolic syndrome and non-alcoholic fat liver disease in obese youth.$$$ BACKGROUND: Previous studies have shown an association between adiposity, especially intra-abdominal adipose tissue, and hemodynamic/metabolic comorbidities in adults, however it is not clear in pediatric population. The aim of the study was to analyze the relationship between non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and components of metabolic syndrome (MS) with values of intra-abdominal (IAAT) and subcutaneous (SCAT) adipose tissue in obese children and adolescents. METHODS: Cross-sectional study. SUBJECTS: 182 obese sedentary children and adolescents (aged 6 to 16 y), identified by the body mass index (BMI). MEASUREMENTS: Body composition and trunk fat by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry- DXA; lipid profile, blood pressure and pubertal stage were also assessed. NAFLD was classified as absent (0), mild (1), moderate (2) and severe (3), and intra-abdominal and subcutaneous abdominal fat thickness were identified by ultrasound. The MS was identified according to the cut offs proposed by World Health Organization adapted for children and adolescents. The chi-square test was used to compare categorical variables, and the binary logistic regression indicated the magnitude of the associations adjusted by potential cofounders (sex, age, maturation, NAFLD and HOMA-IR). RESULTS: Higher quartile of SCAT was associated with elevated blood pressure (p = 0.015), but not associated with NAFLD (p = 0.665). Higher IAAT was positively associated with increased dyslipidemia (p = 0.001), MS (p = 0.013) and NAFLD (p = 0.005). Intermediate (p = 0.007) and highest (p = 0.001) quartile of IAAT were also associated with dyslipidemia, independently of age, sex, maturation, NAFLD and HOMA-IR (homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance). CONCLUSION: Obese children and adolescents, with higher IAAT are more prone to develop MS and NAFLD than those with higher values of SCAT, independent of possible confounding variables. FAU - Silveira, Loreana Sanches
Determinants of weight gain in pregnant women attending a public prenatal care facility in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil: a prospective study, 2005-2007.$$$ The objective of this study was to evaluate the determinants of weight gain during pregnancy. The study adopted a prospective cohort design with four follow-up waves and included a sample of 255 pregnant women that received prenatal care at a public health care facility in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. A mixed-effects linear longitudinal regression model was used, having as the dependent variable the weight assessed in four follow-up waves, and as independent variables: demographic, socioeconomic, reproductive, behavioral, and nutritional data. Mean weight gain was 0.413kg per gestational week, consistent with recommendations by the Institute of Medicine. Per capita family income and smoking were associated with total weight gain during gestation. According to the longitudinal multiple linear regression model, age (beta = 0.6315), menarche (beta = -2.3861), triglycerides (beta = 0.0437), blood glucose (beta = 0.1544), and adequacy of energy consumption (beta = -0.0642) were associated with gestational weight gain. Special attention should be given to these sub-groups, due to increased risk of excessive weight gain. FAU - Rodrigues, Patricia Lima
Disturbances in growth hormone secretion and action in adolescents with anorexia nervosa.$$$ Women in whom anorexia nervosa develops during adolescence have failure of linear growth associated with low levels of insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-1). To investigate the pathophysiology of growth retardation in adolescents with anorexia nervosa, we measured basal growth hormone (GH), growth hormone-binding protein (GHBP), IGF-1, and insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) in three groups of patients: (1) 28 recently hospitalized female adolescents with anorexia nervosa, (2) 23 of the same patients after partial weight restoration, and (3) 28 healthy control subjects matched for age, sex, and pubertal stage. Fasting GH levels in group 1 did not differ significantly from those in group 3. In contrast, serum GHBP (p < 0.001), IGF-1 (p < 0.001), and IGFBP-3 (p < 0.01) were significantly lower in group 1 than in group 3. Serum GHBP and IGFBP-3 levels were positively correlated with body mass index. Serum GHBP levels were low in patients in all five pubertal stages and even in those shown to have adequate GH secretion. In group 2 (after refeeding) the serum IGF-1 concentration increased significantly and GHBP and IGFBP-3 returned to normal. We conclude that patients with anorexia nervosa have diminished GH action resulting in decreased secretion of IGF-1. The positive correlation with body mass index and the reversibility with refeeding suggest that these changes are secondary to malnutrition. Altered GH function that occurs during the years of active growth can explain the growth retardation seen in anorexia nervosa. FAU - Golden, N H
Exaggerated adrenarche in a cohort of Scottish children: clinical features and biochemistry.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the reported association between exaggerated adrenarche (EA) and reduced foetal growth and to identify possible risk factors for future morbidity in Scottish children with clinical features of EA. DESIGN: Three-year prospective study. MEASUREMENTS: Auxology, blood pressure (BP), biochemical analysis of blood and urine, pelvic ultrasound in girls. RESULTS: Fifty-two patients were recruited of whom one girl had nonclassical congenital adrenal hyperplasia (17-OHP 17 nmol/l) and one had insufficient blood for analysis. The final cohort comprised 42 girls of mean (SD) age 7.7 (0.99) and eight boys of 8.8 (0.67) years. Mean (SD) birth weight was 3.27 (0.49) and 3.10 (0.76) kg in girls and boys respectively. Height/weight SDS were 1.13/1.69 in girls and 1.69/1.88 in boys. Mean systolic/diastolic BP was 107.8/60.4 (50th-75th centile) in girls and 115.5/63.9 (75th-91st centile) in boys. Uterine and ovarian development was prepubertal. Median serum dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate (DHEAS) was 2.1 and 4.1 mumol/l, androstenedione 3.1 and 3.8 nmol/l in girls and boys respectively, with DHEAS within the reference range/undetectable in 18/2 and androstenedione in 12/6 patients. Fasting insulin was 9.0 and 15.0 mU/l in girls and boys respectively, with concomitant low normal SHBG. Anti-Mullerian hormone (AMH) was 15.7 pmol/l in 27 girls, compared with 5.0 pmol/l in normal girls aged 5-8 years. CONCLUSIONS: Our Scottish EA cohort showed female predominance, no evidence of reduced foetal growth, a tendency to overweight with commensurate mild hyperinsulinaemia and modest elevation of serum androgens in some patients. We have found raised AMH levels in the girls, indicating advanced ovarian follicular development. FAU - Paterson, W F
Endocrine and metabolic complications in children and adolescents with Sickle Cell Disease: an Italian cohort study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Children with Sickle Cell Disease (SCD) show endocrine complications and metabolic alterations. The physiopathology of these conditions is not completely understood: iron overload due to chronic transfusions, ischemic damage, and inflammatory state related to vaso-occlusive crises may be involved. Aims of this study were to evaluate the growth pattern, endocrine complications, and metabolic alterations and to detect the relationship between these conditions and the SCD severity in affected children and adolescents. METHODS: Fifty-two children and adolescents with SCD [38 homozygous sickle hemoglobin (HbSS) and 14 heterozygous sickle hemoglobin (HbSC); age range 3-18 years] were recruited. Anthropometric [height, body mass index (BMI), arm span, sitting height, target height (TH), and pubertal status] and laboratory [blood cell counts, hemolysis indices, metabolic and nutritional status indices and hormonal blood levels] data were evaluated. The SCD severity was defined according to hematological and clinical parameters. RESULTS: Height-SDS adjusted for TH and BMI-SDS were significantly higher in HbSC children than in HbSS ones. Forty-eight out of 52 patients (92%) had at least one metabolic and/or endocrine alteration: insufficiency/deficiency of vitamin D (84.7%), insulin resistance (11.5%), growth hormone deficiency (3.8%), subclinical hypothyroidism (3.8%), and hypogonadism (1.9%). Levels of vitamin D were significantly and negatively correlated with clinical indicators of the SCD severity. Subjects with HbSS genotype show significant lower levels of both insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) and insulin-like growth factor binding protein 3 than children with HbSC. In the study population IGF-1 values were significantly and positively correlated with Hb and negatively with lactate dehydrogenase. CONCLUSIONS: Metabolic alterations and endocrine complications are very common in children and adolescents with SCD. A regular follow-up is necessary to identify subjects at risk for complications to precociously start an appropriate treatment and to improve the quality of life of SCD patients. FAU - Mandese, V
Associations of Dehydroepiandrosterone Sulfate With Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Prepubertal Children.$$$ CONTEXT: Premature adrenarche (PA) has been associated with overweight and insulin resistance, but the associations of serum dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS) concentration with other cardiometabolic risk factors are uncertain. OBJECTIVE: To examine the associations of serum DHEAS concentration with several cardiometabolic risk factors in children. DESIGN: Cross-sectional data from the Physical Activity and Nutrition in Children Study. PARTICIPANTS: Population sample of 207 girls and 225 boys aged 7.6 ± 0.4 years. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Cardiometabolic risk factors by serum DHEAS concentration. RESULTS: DHEAS correlated positively with body mass index standard deviation score, body fat percentage, lean body mass, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), and alanine aminotransferase (ALT) when adjusted for age and sex. The associations of DHEAS with hs-CRP and ALT disappeared when adjusted also for body fat percentage. When further adjusted for birth weight SD score, DHEAS correlated negatively with low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and LDL/high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol ratio. LDL cholesterol was lower in children with DHEAS ≥40 µg/dL than in those with DHEAS <40 µg/dL, adjusted for age, sex, and body fat percentage (86.5 vs 92.3 mg/dL, P = 0.029). This association strengthened after further adjustment for birth weight SD score (85.3 vs 92.3 mg/dL, P = 0.012). CONCLUSION: Higher DHEAS is not associated with an increased cardiometabolic risk in prepubertal children. Instead, it may be protective, evidenced by an association with lower LDL cholesterol and LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio. The increased cardiometabolic risk in PA shown in many studies may be due to low birth weight and childhood overweight associated with PA. FAU - Mäntyselkä, Aino
Effect of zinc supplementation on growth hormone secretion, IGF-I, IGFBP-3, somatomedin generation, alkaline phosphatase, osteocalcin and growth in prepubertal children with idiopathic short stature.$$$ Controversy exists about the effect of zinc on growth and the GH-IGF system. Zinc supplementation has been shown to stimulate linear growth in zinc-deficient children. However the mechanism of this effect has not been well characterized. Furthermore, the effect of zinc supplementation on non-zinc-deficient short children is unknown. We investigated the effect of zinc supplementation on endogenous GH secretion, serum IGF-I and IGFBP-3 concentrations, IGF-I and IGFBP-3 generation in response to exogenous GH, bone formation markers, and linear growth of non-zinc-deficient children with idiopathic short stature. We analyzed prospectively serum zinc, IGF-I, IGFBP-3, alkaline phosphatase, osteocalcin, and GH response to clonidine test, and performed a somatomedin generation test before and 6 weeks after zinc supplementation in 22 (16 M, 6 F) prepubertal children with idiopathic short stature. Serum IGF-I increased from 67.4+/-70.6 to 98.2+/-77.3 ng/ml (p <0.001), IGFBP-3 from 2326+/-770 to 2758+/-826 ng/ml (p <0.001), alkaline phosphatase from 525+/-136 to 666+/-197 U/l (p <0.0001), and osteocalcin from 16.8+/-10.6 to 25.8+/-12.8 ng/ml (p <0.05) after zinc supplementation despite there being no difference in GH response to clonidine after zinc supplementation (peak GH 11.6+/-6.9 vs 13.4+/-7.8 ng/ml, GH area under the curve during clonidine test 689+/-395 vs 761+/-468, NS). Percent change in IGF-I and IGFBP-3 during the somatomedin generation test was not significantly affected by zinc supplementation (118% vs 136% and 57% vs 44%, respectively). There was no significant correlation between percentage increase in zinc levels and percentage increase in parameters tested. Height SDS or weight SDS did not improve significantly in 17 patients who continued on zinc supplementation for at least 6 months (6-12 months) (-2.59 vs -2.53 SDS and -1.80 vs -1.67 SDS, respectively). Zinc supplementation increased basal IGF-I, IGFBP-3, alkaline phosphatase and osteocalcin without changing GH response to clonidine. Zinc supplementation did not affect sensitivity to exogenous GH as tested by IGF-I and IGFBP-3 generation test. These results suggest a direct stimulatory effect of zinc on serum IGF-IGFBP-3, alkaline phosphatase and osteocalcin. Despite improvements in the above parameters, zinc supplementation to children with idiopathic short stature with normal serum zinc levels did not significantly change height or weight SDS during 6-12 months follow-up. FAU - Imamoğlu, Sebahat
[Influence of neonatal anthropometry on the comorbidities of the obese patient].$$$ INTRODUCTION: Small for gestational age (SGA) newborns show an increased risk of several diseases such as short stature, childhood obesity, and metabolic comorbidities. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The study included 883 obese patients (47% females/53% males; mean age: 10.33±3.32 years, BMI:+3.93±1.42 SD), with prospective follow-up (5 years) of growth, recording adult height when achieved (n=104). Comparisons at diagnosis, according to their neonatal anthropometry; adequate for gestational age (AGA; n=810) vs. SGA (n=73), were performed for the following features: age at their first visit, standardised height for target height (Z-score), bone age, adult height prediction, BMI (Z-score), glycaemia, insulinaemia, HOMA, total cholesterol, HDL, LDL, triglycerides, 25-OH-vitamin D, area under the curve (AUC) for glucose and insulin in the OGTT, LDL/HDL and triglyceride/HDL ratio, insulin-like growth factor (IGF-I) and IGF-binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3) serum levels. RESULTS: Despite similar BMI-SDS, ethnic, and pubertal distribution in both groups, patients with SGA showed more severe changes in lipid profile (triglyceride and triglyceride/HDL ratio, both P<.05) and carbohydrate metabolism (higher glycaemia, glucose and insulin AUCs, HOMA, HbA1c and lower whole-body insulin sensitivity index (WBISI), all P<.05) and lower 25-OH vitamin D levels (P<.05). They also showed a poorer adult height prediction (adjusted for target height) (P<.01), despite a similar degree of advance in skeletal maturation and similar IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels than AGA patients. CONCLUSIONS: The background of SGA neonatal anthropometry is associated with a higher prevalence and severity of metabolic comorbidities and to a poorer adult height prediction in obese children and adolescents.
No relationship between leptin and cortisol in obese children and adolescents.$$$ Recent findings have shown that leptin downregulates the steroid producing system in the adrenal. We studied the interactions of leptin, insulin and cortisol in obese children and adolescents at different stages of maturation. In 44 boys (age 11+/-3.1 yr, body mass index [BMI] 29+/-5.3 [mean +/- SD]) and 35 girls (age 11.4+/-2.6 yr, BMI 29+/-4.3), blood levels of leptin, insulin, cortisol, and glucose were determined. Fat mass (FM) was calculated by bioelectrical impedance. No significant differences were found between boys and girls with respect to humoral and anthropometric characteristics. When children were divided according to maturation stage (prepubertal, pubertal, and late/postpubertal) insulin was higher in the more mature groups (p<0.01) and leptin was higher in the pubertal group (p=0.03). In the prepubertal and pubertal groups, the expected positive relationship between adiposity and leptin was found although the magnitude of this association decreased with maturity. In none of the groups studied was cortisol significantly correlated to leptin. Insulin (p=0.03) and glucose (p=0.01) were positively associated with cortisol in the prepubertal group after adjustment for adiposity. However, in the pubertal group an inverse correlation was found between insulin and cortisol (p=0.03), and between insulin and glucose after control for adiposity. In the late/ postpubertal group, no significant correlations were found between estimates of adiposity and humoral parameters even after adjustment for gender. Stepwise multiple regression failed to detect a significant influence of cortisol to explain the variation in leptin, and vice versa. BMI contributed to the variation in leptin (adj. R2 =0.275, p<0.0001), and glucose added 5% to the variation in cortisol (p=0.03). The results do not confirm the inverse association between leptin and cortisol found in adults. Although BMI reflects levels of leptin, it is likely that several other factors in conjunction with fatness modulate the relationship with leptin. Whether leptin per se exerts an influence on the hypothalamic-adrenal-adipo axis remains to be investigated in longitudinal studies. FAU - Sudi, K
[Precocious puberty caused by a suprasellar arachnoid cyst. Analysis of 6 cases].$$$ The authors report 6 cases (4 girls and 2 boys) with central precocious puberty associated with a suprasellar arachnoid cyst. Precocious puberty is rarely the presenting sign of arachnoid cysts. It was characterized by early onset, patent symptoms and frequent association (3 of 6 cases) with growth hormone deficiency. The latter represents a further risk of short stature. Evolution of precocious puberty varied from one case to another, without any relation with the quality of control of the arachnoid cyst and associated hydrocephalus. Half-yearly follow-up of height and bone age allowed for deciding a suppressive treatment of precocious puberty and a substitutive growth hormone therapy when needed. FAU - Brauner, R
Southwick's head-shaft angles: normal standards and abnormal values observed in obesity and in patients with epiphysiolysis.$$$ Southwick's angles measured in the anteroposterior and Lauenstein frog-leg views have been used for planning surgical treatment of deformities caused by slipped capital femoral epiphysis (SCFE). Clinically established epiphysiolysis is associated with a decrease in anteroposterior angles and an increase in Lauenstein angles. Obesity is one of the factors involved in the development of SCFE, but its influence in Southwick's angles has not been previously described. Additionally, few reports describe normal values adjusted for sex and bone age. In this study, we determined Southwick's angles in normal control participants (n=70), in patients with obesity (n=31) and in patients with epiphysiolysis (n=33). The intra-observer variations were 1.7 and 23.3% for the anteroposterior and Lauenstein angles, respectively. No significant differences were detected in the control group when these individuals were compared according to sex or chronological age. Obese patients showed a significant increase in the anterposterior angle when compared with control individuals. The hip with epiphysiolysis presented a significant reduction in the anteroposterior angle and an increase in the Lauenstein angle, when the same was compared with the contralateral hip or with the control values. In patients with unilateral SCFE the Lauenstein angle of the normal hip was detected as increased, which was possibly related to the obesity associated with decreased insulin resistance presented by these patients. We conclude that the detection of risk for developing SCFE should include an expanded clinical and radiological profile characterized by pubertal males who present obesity associated with insulin resistance and an increase in Southwick's anteroposterior angle. FAU - Santili, Claudio
Leptin in African-American children.$$$ Leptin, the protein product of the obesity gene, produced by adipose tissue, regulates body weight and energy expenditure through CNS feedback mechanisms. In obesity, leptin levels are elevated suggestive of leptin resistance. Because of increased prevalence of obesity in African-Americans, the aim of this study was to assess leptin and its relationship to adiposity in African-American children. We measured plasma leptin levels in 42 African-American children (23 M, 19 F), age 11.8 +/- 0.3 yr, and compared them with 30 American-White children matched for age, body composition and puberty. Body composition was assessed by bioelectrical impedance and plasma leptin by RIA. Data are presented as means +/- SEM and statistical significance is implied by p < 0.05. There was no racial difference in plasma leptin levels (Blacks: 9.8 +/- 1.6, Whites 9.8 +/- 1.9 ng/ml). Leptin correlated with %BF in Black (r = 0.75, p = 0.005) and White (r = 0.79, p = 0.005) children. There were no gender or puberty related differences in leptin levels in African-American children. We concluded that leptin levels are comparable between African-American and American White children of similar body composition. The major determinant of serum leptin levels in these children is degree of adiposity with no gender or puberty related differences. Longitudinal studies are needed to assess leptin's role during puberty in both genders. FAU - Danadian, K
Liraglutide in an Adolescent Population with Obesity: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled 5-Week Trial to Assess Safety, Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetics of Liraglutide in Adolescents Aged 12-17 Years.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To investigate the safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetics of liraglutide in adolescents with obesity. STUDY DESIGN: This was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Twenty-one subjects, aged 12-17 years and Tanner stage 2-5, with obesity (body mass index [BMI] corresponding to both a BMI ≥95th percentile for age and sex and to a BMI of ≥30 kg/m(2) for adults; additionally, BMI was ≤45 kg/m(2)) were randomized (2:1) to receive 5 weeks of treatment with liraglutide (0.6 mg with weekly dose increase to a maximum of 3.0 mg for the last week) (n = 14) or placebo (n = 7). The primary endpoint was number of treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs). Secondary endpoints included safety measures, and pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic endpoints. RESULTS: All participants receiving liraglutide, and 4 receiving placebo (57.1%), had at least 1 TEAE. The most common TEAEs were gastrointestinal disorders. No severe TEAEs, TEAE-related withdrawals, or deaths occurred. Twelve hypoglycemic episodes occurred in 8 participants receiving liraglutide and 2 in 1 participant receiving placebo. No severe hypoglycemic episodes were reported. Liraglutide exposure in terms of trough concentration increased with dose, although dose proportionality was confounded by unexpectedly low trough concentration values at the 2.4 mg dose. Exposure in terms of model-derived area under the plasma concentration time curve from 0 to 24 hours after dose in steady state was similar to that in adults with obesity. CONCLUSIONS: Liraglutide had a similar safety and tolerability profile compared with adults when administered to adolescents with obesity, with no unexpected safety/tolerability issues. Results suggest that the dosing regimen approved for weight management in adults may be appropriate for use in adolescents. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT01789086.
Precocious puberty in girls: early diagnosis of a slowly progressing variant.$$$ An attempt was made to identify the less severe cases of precocious puberty and to describe their natural course. A group of 17 girls with precocious puberty and a bone age advance over chronological age of less than two years (group 1) was compared with a group of 19 patients with severe precocious puberty and bone age advance of two years or more (group 2). Mean (SEM) plasma oestradiol concentrations were 82 (30) pmol/l and 164 (21) pmol/l (p less than 0.05), vaginal maturation indexes were 16 (5) and 41 (4), and plasma somatomedin C concentrations were 1.0 (0.2) U/ml (n = 8) and 2.1 (0.3) U/ml (n = 16) in groups 1 and 2, respectively. The time between onset and diagnosis of secondary sexual characteristics was about one year in both groups. After two years' follow up the untreated patients in group 1 had maintained their predicted final height. These changes were in contrast to those observed at first examination in patients in group 2 who had a mean (SD) predicted final height of -1.3 (0.2) and a mean bone age advance of 3.0 (0.2) years. These data show that bone age advance to chronological age, and plasma somatomedin C concentrations measured at initial evaluation are helpful in identifying less severe and potentially slow progressing forms of central precocious puberty. FAU - Fontoura, M
Prospective longitudinal evaluation of the relationship between changes in mandibular length and blood-spot IGF-1 measurements.$$$ INTRODUCTION: The purpose of this study was to develop the use of a biologic marker, insulin-like growth factor (IGF-1), as an indicator for the timing and intensity of mandibular growth. This was done by measuring annual changes in mandibular length and studying how they relate to blood-spot IGF-1 measurements and cervical stages. METHODS: Twenty-five patients (12 female, 13 male) from an orthodontic population were longitudinally evaluated for annual IGF-1 level, cervical stage, and mandibular length. The patients' follow-up periods ranged between 1 and 5 years. A total of 43 annual time intervals were gathered (17 female, 26 male). Annual mandibular growth was related to changes in blood-spot IGF-1 levels over each observation period. RESULTS: When the whole sample was pooled into 1 group, we found a statistically significant mild to moderate correlation between the percentages of change in mandibular length and in IGF-1 levels (r = 0.4, P = 0.008). When the sample was divided based on whether the IGF-1 levels were increasing or decreasing at each yearly interval, the group with ascending IGF-1 levels had significantly more mandibular growth than did the group with descending IGF-1 levels (3.5 and 1.3 mm, respectively; P = 0.026). The ascending group had a moderate to high correlation between average IGF-1 levels and the amount of mandibular growth for each observation period. Observation periods with ascending IGF-1 levels and an average level greater than 250 μg per liter had significantly greater annual mandibular growth than did the rest of the patients with ascending IGF-1 levels (5.6 and 2.1 mm, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Blood-spot IGF-1 testing is a promising tool for predicting the timing and the intensity of the mandibular growth spurt without the restrictions involved with radiographic techniques for assessing skeletal maturity. More research is necessary to validate these results in a different population by using more advanced imaging tools and a larger sample size. The relationship between IGF-1 levels and mandibular growth after the pubertal growth spurt is not fully understood.
Normalization of cortical bone density in children and adolescents with hyperthyroidism treated with antithyroid medication.$$$ We assessed bone size and bone density (BD) measurements using computed tomography (CT) in children and adolescents with hyperthyroidism treated with antithyroid medication. We found that cortical BD appeared to improve at 1 year and normalize at 2 years in all tested patients. INTRODUCTION: Our previous study demonstrated that cortical BD in children and adolescents with untreated hyperthyroidism was significantly decreased as compared to age-, sex- and ethnicity-matched healthy controls. The present report evaluated whether attainment of euthyroidism by medical antithyroid treatment was able to improve or normalize cortical BD in these patients. METHODS: Anthropometrics and three-dimensional CT bone measurements including cross-sectional area (CSA), cortical bone area (CBA) and cortical BD at midshaft of the femur (cortical bone), and CSA and BD of L(1) to L(3) vertebrae (cancellous bone) in 15 children and adolescents after 1- and 2-year treatments with antithyroid medication were reviewed and compared to their pretreatment results. RESULTS: All patients were euthyroid at 1 and 2 years after medical antithyroid treatment. After adjusting for age, height, weight and Tanner stage, a significant increase in cortical BD in all patients (15/15) was found after 1 year of treatment (P < 0.001). Normalization of cortical BD was demonstrated in all tested patients (10/15) after 2 years. There were no significant changes in the other cancellous or cortical bone parameters. CONCLUSION: Cortical BD was improved at 1 year and normalized at 2 years in hyperthyroid patients rendered euthyroid with antithyroid medication. FAU - Numbenjapon, N
Animal protein intakes during early life and adolescence differ in their relation to the growth hormone-insulin-like-growth-factor axis in young adulthood.$$$ Recent studies provide evidence that insulin-like-growth-factor I (IGF-I) and its binding proteins (IGFBP) IGFBP-2 and IGFBP-3 are related to the risk of several common cancers. It remains to be clarified whether their concentrations can be programmed by protein intake from different sources during growth. This study addressed the hypothesis that animal protein intakes during infancy, mid-childhood, and adolescence differ in their relevance for the growth-hormone (GH)-IGF-I axis in young adulthood. Data from the Dortmund Nutritional and Anthropometric Longitudinally Designed Study participants with at least 2 plausible 3-d weighed dietary records during adolescence (age: girls, 9-14 y; boys, 10-15 y; n = 213), around the adiposity rebound (age 4-6 y; n = 179) or early life (age 0.5-2 y; n = 130), and one blood sample in young adulthood were included in the study. Mean serum concentrations of IGF-I, IGFBP-1, IGFBP-2, and IGFBP-3 were compared between tertiles of habitual animal protein intake using multivariable regression analysis. Habitually higher animal protein intakes in females during puberty were related to higher IGF-I (P-trend = 0.005) and IGFBP-3 (P-trend = 0.01) and lower IGFBP-2 (P-trend = 0.04), but not to IGFBP-1 in young adulthood. In turn, IGF-I concentrations in young adulthood were inversely related to animal protein intakes in early life among males only (P-trend = 0.03), but not to animal protein intake around adiposity rebound (P-trend > 0.5). Our data suggest that, among females, a habitually higher animal protein intake during puberty may precipitate an upregulation of the GH-IGF-I axis, which is still discernible in young adulthood. By contrast, among males, higher animal protein intakes in early life may exert a long-term programming of the GH-IGF-I axis. FAU - Joslowski, Gesa
Growth and bone mineralization in patients with juvenile idiopathic arthritis.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate growth, development and bone mineralization of children with juvenile idiopathic arthritis (JIA). METHODS: Thirty patients between 4-17 years of age (mean 11.34 +/- 3.88) resistant to therapy were studied. Enrollment began in November 1999 and continued through November 2004 and children with chronic disease were excluded. Data like height, weight, medications and acute phase reactants were obtained from medical records. On study-visit, puberty was assessed by physical examination and bone mineral density (BMD) was measured. Serum Ca, P, ALP, insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) and urinary Ca/Cr and hydroxyproline /Cr levels were measured. Results were compared with the control group that consisted of 30 cases of similar age and gender. RESULTS: Patients with JIA had decreased height standard deviation score (SDS) and growth retardation. BMD of the cases in the study group was lower than the control group (p< 0.05). Patients who were at younger age at the onset of the disease had lower BMD. Among the drugs, only steroids had a negative effect on growth. Serum IGF-1 levels of the study group were significantly lower than the control group (p< 0.0001). CONCLUSION: Early diagnosis and suppression of disease activity is important in prevention of osteoporosis and growth retardation in children with JIA. BMD has to be measured yearly in patients for accurate diagnosis of osteoporosis. Vitamin D and Ca-rich nutrition with promotion of physical activity and controlled use of steroids may protect the children against bone loss. FAU - Okumus, Ozgur
Absence of association between the INSIG2 gene polymorphism (rs7566605) and obesity in the European Youth Heart Study (EYHS).$$$ The first genome-wide association study for BMI identified a polymorphism, rs7566605, 10 kb upstream of the insulin-induced gene 2 (INSIG2) transcription start site, as the most significantly associated variant in children and adults. Subsequent studies, however, showed inconsistent association of this polymorphism with obesity traits. This polymorphism has been hypothesized to alter INSIG2 expression leading to inhibition of fatty acid and cholesterol synthesis. Hence, we investigated the association of the INSIG2 rs7566605 polymorphism with obesity- and lipid-related traits in Danish and Estonian children (930 boys and 1,073 girls) from the European Youth Heart Study (EYHS), a school-based, cross-sectional study of pre- and early pubertal children. The association between the polymorphism and obesity traits was tested using additive and recessive models adjusted for age, age-group, gender, maturity and country. Interactions were tested by including the interaction terms in the model. Despite having sufficient power (98%) to detect the previously reported effect size for association with BMI, we did not find significant effects of rs7566605 on BMI (additive, P = 0.68; recessive, P = 0.24). Accordingly, the polymorphism was not associated with overweight (P = 0.87) or obesity (P = 0.34). We also did not find association with waist circumference (WC), sum of four skinfolds, or with total cholesterol, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein, or high-density lipoprotein. There were no gender-specific (P = 0.55), age-group-specific (P = 0.63) or country-specific (P = 0.56) effects. There was also no evidence of interaction between genotype and physical activity (P = 0.95). Despite an adequately powered study, our findings suggest that rs7566605 is not associated with obesity-related traits and lipids in the EYHS. FAU - Vimaleswaran, Karani S
Associations between serum levels of insulin-like growth factor-I and bone mineral acquisition in pubertal children: a 3-year follow-up study in Hamamatsu, Japan.$$$ BACKGROUND: Epidemiological data regarding the association between serum levels of IGF-I and bone mineral acquisition during childhood are scarce. Here, we investigated the association between serum levels of IGF-I and bone status during puberty. METHODS: We analyzed prospective 3-year follow-up data of 254 community-dwelling children who completed both baselines (at age 11.2 years) and follow-up (at age 14.2 years) surveys in Hamamatsu, Japan. Total body (TB) bone area and bone mineral parameters were assessed using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. RESULTS: During the 3-year follow-up period, there were significant (P < 0.05) increases in total body less head (TBLH) areal bone mineral density (aBMD), TBLH bone mineral content (BMC), and TB bone area, and a significant decrease in TB bone mineral apparent density (BMAD, volumetric bone mineral density, vBMD). IGF-I levels showed significant positive relationships with TBLH BMC and TBLH aBMD at both baseline and follow-up. TBLH aBMD in boys and TB BMAD in girls at follow-up showed significant increases from the lowest to highest quartiles of baseline IGF-I levels after adjusting for confounding factors. Similarly, changes in TBLH aBMD in boys and TB BMAD in girls during the 3-year follow-up period showed significant increases from the lowest to highest quartiles of baseline IGF-I levels after adjusting for confounding factors. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that pubertal children with high levels of serum IGF-I tended to have high bone mineral acquisition later on. FAU - Kouda, Katsuyasu
Does sex hormone-binding globulin cause insulin resistance during pubertal growth?$$$ BACKGROUND: The directional influences between serum sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), adiposity and insulin resistance during pubertal growth remain unclear. The aim of this study was to investigate bidirectional associations between SHBG and insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and adiposity from childhood to early adulthood. METHODS: Participants were 396 healthy girls measured at baseline (age 11.2 years) and at 1, 2, 4 and 7.5 years. Serum concentrations of estradiol, testosterone and SHBG were determined by ELISA, glucose and insulin by enzymatic photometry, insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) by time-resolved fluoroimmunoassays, whole-body fat mass by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry and HOMA-IR were determined by homeostatic model assessment. The associations were examined using cross-lagged path models. RESULTS: In a cross-lagged path model, SHBG predicted HOMA-IR before menarche β = -0.320 (95% CI: -0.552 to -0.089), P = 0.007, independent of adiposity and IGF-1. After menarche, no directional effect was found between SHBG and insulin resistance or adiposity. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that in early puberty, decline in SHBG predicts development of insulin resistance, independent of adiposity. However, after menarche, no directional influences between SHBG, adiposity and insulin resistance were found, suggesting that observational associations between SHBG, adiposity and insulin resistance in pubertal children may be subject to confounding. Further research is needed to understand the underlying mechanisms of the associations between SHBG and cardiometabolic risk markers in peripubertal children. FAU - Le, Shenglong
Association Between Body Weight Change Before and After Delivery and Development of Nonmetabolic Syndrome: A Prospective Study.$$$ The aim of the work was to investigate the association between body weight change before and after delivery and development of nonmetabolic syndrome in Chinese females aged ≥40 years. We selected 789 participants without metabolic syndrome randomly from a baseline survey performed in Luzhou, China in 2011. We took the group with decreasing or no increasing body mass index difference during a pregnancy as "R-Body Mass Index 1" (n=286) and divided the group with increasing body mass index difference during a pregnancy into "R-Body Mass Index 2" (n=254) and "R-Body Mass Index 3" (n=249) based upon P50. All study participants were followed up every year, and a questionnaire, physical examination, and biochemical detection were administered after 3 years. Of 789 participants, 82 nonmetabolic syndrome women developed metabolic syndrome during 3-year follow-up. The morbidity of metabolic syndrome in the R-BMI1, R-BMI2, and R-BMI3 groups was 5.2%, 11.8%, and 14.9%, respectively. Compared to the R-BMI1 group, the relative risk for R-BMI2 was 1.92 (95% confidence interval: 1.03-3.58, p=0.040) and for R-BMI3 was 2.20 (95% confidence interval: 1.20-4.03, p=0.011). After adjusting for age, BMI, WHR, baseline blood glucose, HbA1c, TG, HDL-C, SBP, DBP, age of menarche and menopause, and delivery times, the relative risks were similar to the unadjusted relative risks. In conclusion, body weight change after delivery was associated with metabolic syndrome: the higher the weight gain, the higher the risk of metabolic syndrome.
Current practice in diagnosis and treatment of growth hormone deficiency in childhood: a survey from Turkey.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Approaches to diagnosis and treatment of growth hormone deficiency (GHD) in children vary among countries and even among centers in the same country. This survey, aiming to facilitate the process of preparing the new consensus on GHD by the Turkish Pediatric Endocrinology and Diabetes Society, was designed to evaluate the current practices in diagnosis and treatment of GHD in different centers in Turkey. METHODS: A questionnaire covering relevant items for diagnosis and treatment of GHD was sent out to all pediatric endocrinology centers. RESULTS: Twenty-four centers returned the questionnaire. The most frequently used GH stimulation test was L-dopa, followed by clonidine. Eighteen centers used a GH cut-off value of 10 ng/mL for the diagnosis of GHD; this value was 7 ng/mL in 4 centers and 5 ng/mL in 2 centers. The most frequently used assay was immunochemiluminescence for determination of GH, insulin-like growth factor-1 and insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 concentrations. Sex steroid priming in both sexes was used by 19 centers. The most frequently used starting dose of recombinant human GH (rhGH) in prepubertal children was 0.025-0.030 mg/kg/day and 0.030-0.035 mg/kg/day in pubertal children. Growth velocity was used in the evaluation for growth response to rhGH therapy in all centers. Anthropometric measurements of patients every 3-6 months, fasting blood glucose, bone age and thyroid panel evaluation were used by all centers at follow-up. Main indications for cessation of therapy were decreased height velocity and advanced bone age. Fourteen centers used combined treatment (rhGH and gonadotropin-releasing analogues) to increase final height. CONCLUSION: Although conformity was found among centers in Turkey in current practice, it is very important to update guideline statements and to modify, if needed, the approach to GHD over time in accordance with new evidence-based clinical studies. FAU - Poyrazoğlu, Şükran
Contributions of CAG repeat length in the androgen receptor gene and androgen profiles to premature pubarche in Korean girls.$$$ The CAG repeat length of the androgen receptor (AR) gene, which exhibits an inverse relationship to AR sensitivity, might influence the development of the pubarche along with hyperandrogenemia. There are ethnic differences in the AR CAG repeat length, however, no Asian studies on premature pubarche (PP) have been reported, including Korea. Our objectives were to examine the hormone levels and AR CAG repeat length, and to assess their contributions to PP in Korean girls. Subjects with PP (n=16) and normal pubarche (NP, n=16), and normal controls (NC, n=16) were enrolled. The levels of dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), dehydroepiandrosterone-sulfate (DHEAS), 17-hydroxyprogesterone (17-OHP), and free testosterone (FT) were checked. The methylation-weighted (MW) average CAG repeat lengths were analyzed. The median ages at pubarche were 7.4 and 8.9 years in the PP and NP groups, respectively, and the levels of 17-OHP, DHEAS, and FT were similar in both groups. The PP group exhibited a higher DHEAS:DHEA ratio than the NP group (P=0.014). The medians of the MW average CAG repeat length of the AR gene were 22.4 for all subjects and did not differ among the PP (22.3), NP (22.4), and NC (22.2) groups. The AR CAG repeat lengths in the PP and NP groups did not correlate with DHEAS or FT levels. These results suggest that the AR CAG repeat length was not involved in the development of PP in Korean girls. However, excessive adrenal androgen levels, particularly those caused by increased sulfotransferase activity, might be important in the pathogenesis of PP. FAU - Kang, Min Jae
Hormonal changes during the first year of oestrogen treatment in constitutionally tall girls.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Oestrogens are used to inhibit growth in girls with constitutionally tall stature. We studied the changes in different hormones that accompany such therapy. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: In this longitudinal study we examined the levels of total insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I), free thyroxine (FT(4)), thyrotrophin (TSH), testosterone, dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate (DHEA-S), cortisol and prolactin in two groups of girls receiving ethinyloestradiol at a dose of either 0.1mg daily (group A, n=22) or 0.2mg daily (group B, n=36). Hormonal measurements were performed at start of therapy and after 3, 6 and 12 months. RESULTS: In both groups the levels of IGF-I, testosterone and DHEA-S were reduced while the concentrations of cortisol and prolactin were increased. The pituitary-thyroid axis was not significantly affected by this therapy. The girls receiving 0.2mg ethinyloestradiol daily had lower IGF-I levels after 12 months of therapy and had higher serum prolactin concentrations than the girls treated with 0.1mg daily. The reduction in predicted height and the advancement in bone age were similar in both groups. CONCLUSIONS: Therapy with pharmacological doses of ethinyloestradiol changes the levels of several hormones including IGF-I, testosterone, DHEA-S, prolactin and cortisol but the role of the respective changes in the inhibition of growth is not clear. The suppression of DHEA-S levels by 40% suggests that the ovaries contribute significantly to the production of this hormone in pubertal girls. FAU - Wajs-Kuto, E
Are growth factors and leptin involved in the pathogenesis of premature adrenarche in girls?$$$ A transient increase in height and bone age as well as hyperinsulinism is seen in patients with premature adrenarche (PA). In addition, the weights of these patients are more than those of healthy peers. The aim of this study was to evaluate the role of leptin, IGF-I and IGFBPs in hyperandrogenemia and increased body weight observed in girls with PA. In this study, IGF-I, IGFBP-3, IGFBP-1 and leptin levels were investigated in 27 children with PA aged 5.4-8.6 years and 13 healthy children aged 5.7-8.58 years. Twenty patients were lean. The bone ages and BMIs of the children with PA were significantly higher than those of the healthy controls (p < 0.05). IGF-I (p < 0.005), IGFBP-3 (p < 0.05) and leptin (p < 0.0001) levels of lean PA girls were higher than controls. The leptin level of the obese PA girls was higher than that of the lean PA girls (p < 0.05) and controls (p < 0.0001). The IGFBP-1 level of the PA girls with and without obesity was lower than controls (p < 0.05). A negative correlation was observed between IGFBP-1 and leptin levels of the girls with PA (r = -0.64, p < 0.05). Serum leptin levels were influenced by BMI (p = 0.001), basal 17-OHP (p = 0.002) and stimulated 17-OHP (p = 0.019) in patients with PA. In conclusion, we suggest that elevated IGF-I and insulin give rise to increased adrenal androgens and leptin levels. On the other hand, both insulin and leptin cause decreased levels of IGFBP-1 in girls with PA, even if they are lean. FAU - Güven, Ayla
Adiposity in Children and CVD Risk: ApoB48 Has a Stronger Association With Central Fat Than Classic Lipid Markers.$$$ CONTEXT: Atherosclerotic vascular disease begins in childhood and while progression is multifactorial, obesity in early life is an important risk factor for its development. OBJECTIVE: To determine whether fasting apoB48 remnant lipoproteins (relative to classic lipid markers), is elevated with increasing central adiposity over time in a cohort of Canadian children with a family history of obesity. DESIGN: Data were drawn from the ongoing prospective cohort of 630 Caucasian families in Québec, Canada, recruited to assess determinants and effects of childhood obesity (Québec Adiposity and Lifestyle Investigation in Youth [QUALITY]cohort). PARTICIPANTS: Children who attended baseline and first followup clinic visits (n =570; age 9.6 y). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Trunk fat mass was determined by dual energy x-ray absorptiometry. Central fat mass index was calculated as CFMI = trunk fat mass/height(2) (kg/m(2)) and groups created (CFMI <1.5; 1.5-3.0; ≥3.0 kg/m(2)) to suggest lower, moderate, or higher central adiposity. Changes over time in outcomes (apoB48, triglyceride and total, low-, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol) were compared using paired t test and multiple regression that adjusted for age, sex, and Tanner stage. RESULTS: Classic lipid markers (total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol) improved at followup, whereas apoB48 became worse (increased). ApoB48 increased with increasing central adiposity, highest (37%) in children who transitioned from lower- to moderate-CFMI groups (ΔapoB48 = 1.5 μg/mL). For every 1 kg/m(2) increase in central adiposity over the 2-y period, an increase in apoB48 was 14-fold greater among children with lower baseline CFMI, compared with higher CFMI. CONCLUSIONS: Increased fasting concentrations of apoB48 may be representative of changes in adiposity at lower levels of central fat (early periods of risk). FAU - Wilke, Michaelann S
Vitamin D receptor gene polymorphisms and sex steroid secretion in girls with precocious pubarche in Southern Brazil: a pilot study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Evidence suggests that precocious pubarche (PP) girls may have higher risk of developing polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) at later ages. Vitamin D receptor (VDR) gene polymorphisms have been implicated in the risk of diabetes and PCOS, but little is known about the role of VDR in PP. AIM: To assess the frequencies of VDR gene ApaI, TaqI, BsmI, and FokI polymorphisms and to determine whether these variants are associated with sex hormone concentrations in patients with PP and controls from southern Brazil. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Blood was collected from 36 girls with PP and 197 controls for genotyping of BsmI and FokI polymorphisms using real-time PCR and of ApaI e TaqI polymorphisms using restriction fragment length polymorphism. Hormone levels were also determined. RESULTS: Genotype GG of the ApaI single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) was more frequent in PP (30.6%) than in controls (16.2%) [odds ratio (OR): 2.269; confidence interval 95% (95%CI): 1.015-5.076; p=0.042]. This genotype was also associated with lower estradiol [35.30 (14.80-50.48) pg/ml vs 12.22 (6.49-23.69) pg/ml; p=0.025] and total testosterone levels (0.52 (0.39-0.84) ng/ml vs 0.20 (0.11-0.47) ng/ml; p=0.005) as compared with the TT + TG genotypes in girls with PP. The distribution of TaqI, BsmI, and Fokl SNP was similar in PP and controls, and no association was found between these polymorphisms and sex steroid levels. CONCLUSIONS: The ApaI SNP of the VDR gene was associated with PP in the studied population and may modulate ovarian steroid secretion in these girls. FAU - Santos, B R
Could mean platelet volume among complete blood count parameters be a surrogate marker of metabolic syndrome in pre-pubertal children?$$$ Interest in childhood metabolic syndrome (MetS) has increased substantially due to the increasing prevalence of childhood obesity on a global scale. Early recognition of MetS is critical in order to delay the development of cardiovascular disease (CVD). In this study, we evaluated the relationship between complete blood count (CBC) parameters and MetS among pre-pubertal children which may provide evidence in support of using low cost, readily available clinical haematological parameters for the detection of MetS. A retrospective analysis was carried out on 330 (125 lean vs. 205 overweight) Turkish pre-pubertal children who attend to a paediatric outpatient clinic. Age, gender, puberty, body mass index, CBC parameters, cardiometabolic risk factors including lipid profiles, high sensitive serum reactive protein (hsCRP) and insulin resistance index calculated by homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR) were evaluated and compared among lean, overweight children and children with MetS. The mean age of the study population was 7.4 ± 1.9 years. In both gender, the mean values of mean corpuscular volume (MCV), mean corpuscular haemoglobin (MCH) and mean corpuscular haemoglobin concentration (MCHC) were significantly lower and red blood cell (RBC), platelet (PLT) counts were significantly higher in overweight children. Overall, 8.4% (n = 28) of patients met the criteria of MetS. Children with MetS had higher levels of PLT and lower levels of mean platelet volume (MPV). Of all the haematological parameters analysed, PLT was positively, whereas MPV was negatively correlated with MetS in girls. In addition, MPV was inversely correlated with fasting blood glucose, HOMA-IR, low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) and low density lipoprotein-cholesterol/high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C/HDL-C) ratio in girls after adjusting for confounding factors. The risk analyses of MetS in terms of MPV quartiles showed that the adjusted OR (95% CI) for the lowest vs. the highest quartile was 7.71 (1.45-40.89) in girls. These data might suggest that MPV could be another feature of MetS in pre-pubertal girls and might be used as a surrogate marker for MetS in clinical settings. FAU - Aypak, Cenk
CYP11 beta 1 (11-beta-hydroxylase) deficiency in congenital adrenal hyperplasia.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To review experience of CYP11 beta 1 deficiency (previously known as 11 beta-hydroxylase) at the Royal Children's Hospital, Melbourne, Victoria. METHODOLOGY: A retrospective case review was conducted from 1974 to 1995 with five cases identified. RESULTS: Age of presentation ranged from 1 day to 7 years. Presentation was with ambiguous genitalia at birth (two females), simple virilization (two males) and suspected early puberty in mid childhood (one female). Associated clinical features were hypertension (three cases) and tail stature with markedly advanced bone age (four cases). Biochemical abnormalities consistent with CYP11 beta 1-deficiency were elevated urinary tetrahydro-11-deoxycortisol (n = 5) and elevated serum 11-deoxycortisol (n = 3). Additional abnormalities were elevated 17-hydroxyprogesterone (n = 3), elevated androstenedione (n = 4) and elevated dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate (n = 4). The clinical features and investigations suggested CYP11 beta 1-classical deficiency in four patients and CYP11 beta 1-non-classical deficiency in one patient. CONCLUSIONS: The five cases of CYP11 beta 1-deficiency demonstrate a spectrum of clinical abnormalities, with diagnostic difficulties in two cases and delayed presentation in three cases. Prompt diagnosis of CYP11 beta 1-deficiency is facilitated greatly by the availability of a gas chromatography-mass spectrometry instrument and is essential to avoid the long-term effects of hypertension and hyperandrogenism. FAU - Burren, C P
Associations of physical activity and fitness with adipocytokines in adolescents: the AFINOS Study.$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Adipocytokines may have a key role in the development of atherosclerosis and type 2 diabetes. The purpose of this study was to examine the independent and joint associations of physical activity (PA), cardiorespiratory fitness (CRF) and muscular fitness (MF) with adiponectin and leptin in adolescents. METHODS AND RESULTS: A sample of 198 adolescents (96 girls), aged 13-17-year, was selected. Participants completed anthropometric measurements (height, weight, and waist circumference) and percentage of body fat (%BF) was estimated by bioelectrical impedance. PA was measured by accelerometer for 7-day. The 20-m shuttle-run test was used to assess CRF and two MF tests (handgrip strength and standing broad jump) were used to create an MF score. A cluster score of health status (0-3 risks) was created. Serum adiponectin and plasma leptin were also determined. Regression analyses controlling for age, sex, pubertal status and waist circumference showed that PA was not significantly associated with adiponectin and vigorous PA showed a significant inverse association with leptin. Both CRF and MF were significantly and inversely associated with adiponectin and leptin. Further analyses revealed that the 'healthy' group (0 risks) had significantly lower adiponectin and leptin than 'medium-healthy' (1 risk) and 'unhealthy' (2-3 risks) status groups. CONCLUSIONS: PA, CRF and MF are inversely and jointly associated with adiponectin and leptin concentrations in adolescents.
Growth curves for Laron syndrome.$$$ Growth curves for children with Laron syndrome were constructed on the basis of repeated measurements made throughout infancy, childhood, and puberty in 24 (10 boys, 14 girls) of the 41 patients with this syndrome investigated in our clinic. Growth retardation was already noted at birth, the birth length ranging from 42 to 46 cm in the 12/20 available measurements. The postnatal growth curves deviated sharply from the normal from infancy on. Both sexes showed no clear pubertal spurt. Girls completed their growth between the age of 16-19 years to a final mean (SD) height of 119 (8.5) cm whereas the boys continued growing beyond the age of 20 years, achieving a final height of 124 (8.5) cm. At all ages the upper to lower body segment ratio was more than 2 SD above the normal mean. These growth curves constitute a model not only for primary, hereditary insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) deficiency (Laron syndrome) but also for untreated secondary IGF-I deficiencies such as growth hormone gene deletion and idiopathic congenital isolated growth hormone deficiency. They should also be useful in the follow up of children with Laron syndrome treated with biosynthetic recombinant IGF-I. FAU - Laron, Z
Muscular fitness, fatness and inflammatory biomarkers in adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: Muscular fitness, cardiorespiratory fitness (CRF) and fatness are mutually related with chronic inflammation. PURPOSE: To examine the independent association of muscular fitness with inflammatory biomarkers in adolescents from nine European countries. METHODS: A total of 639 adolescents (296 boys) aged from 12.5 to 17.5 year were included in this report. Data collection took place in 2006-2007 and analyses in 2012. A muscular fitness score was computed from handgrip strength and standing long jump. CRF was measured using the 20 m shuttle run test. Z-scores of C-reactive protein, complement factors C3 and C4, leptin and white blood cell counts were summed to create a cluster of inflammatory biomarkers. Sex, age, pubertal stage and centre were used as main confounders. Additional models were further adjusted for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and sum of four skinfolds. RESULTS: Muscular fitness was negatively associated with single and clustered inflammatory biomarkers (standardized β from -0.399 to -0.100, all P-values < 0.05). Additional adjustments for CRF and HOMA-IR weakened the associations, but they still remained significant. The association was no longer significant when adjusting for skinfolds. Decreasing values of inflammatory score were observed across incremental levels of muscular fitness in both non-overweight and overweight adolescents (P ≤ 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Adolescents with higher levels of muscular fitness present a lower chronic inflammation, and this seems to be explained by lower levels of fatness. Yet, overweight and obese adolescents may exhibit a less adverse profile if they maintain appropriate levels of muscular fitness.
Precocious puberty in Turner syndrome.$$$ Turner syndrome (TS) affects approximately 1 in 2000 liveborn girls. It is a common cause of short stature and is often, but not universally, associated with characteristic dysmorphic features and ovarian dysgenesis. Genotype/phenotype correlation in TS is generally poor and girls with TS may occasionally have normal functioning ovarian tissue, with approximately 30-40% entering puberty, 4% achieving menarche and 1% being fertile. In this report, we describe a girl with mosaic TS who unusually experienced spontaneous precocious puberty with associated accelerated longitudinal growth during mid childhood. This case acts as a useful clinical vignette with which to highlight important aspects of diagnosis and treatment in children with TS, particularly in relation to future growth potential and issues relating to fertility. FAU - Sabin, Matthew A
Cardiovascular abnormalities and impaired exercise performance in adolescents with congenital adrenal hyperplasia.$$$ CONTEXT: PATIENTS with classic congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) are treated with lifelong glucocorticoids (GCs). Cardiovascular and metabolic effects of such therapy in adolescents have never been quantified. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to investigate left ventricular (LV) morphology, function, and exercise performance in adolescents with CAH. DESIGN AND SETTING: We conducted a cross-sectional and controlled study conducted at a tertiary referral center. PATIENTS: Twenty patients with classic CAH (10 females) aged 13.6 ± 2.5 years and 20 healthy controls comparable for sex and pubertal status were enrolled in the study and compared with a group of 18 patients without CAH receiving a similar dose of GCs for juvenile idiopathic arthritis. MAIN OUTCOMES MEASURES: Echocardiographic assessment and symptom-limited exercise testing were performed. Anthropometric, hormonal and biochemical parameters were also measured. RESULTS: Compared with healthy controls, patients with CAH exhibited an increased body mass index (P < .001), waist-to-height ratio (P < .001), and percent body fat (P < .001) as well as higher insulin concentrations and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance index even after adjustment for body mass index (P = .03 and P = .05, respectively). Moreover, CAH patients exhibited an impaired exercise capacity as shown by reduced peak workload (99 ± 27 vs 126 ± 27 W, P < .01) and higher systolic blood pressure response at peak (156 ± 18 vs 132 ± 11 mm Hg, P < .01; Δ = 45 ± 24 vs 22 ± 10 mm Hg, P = .05) with respect to healthy controls. CAH males displayed mild LV diastolic dysfunction as documented by significant prolongation of both isovolumic relaxation time (118 ± 18 vs 98 ± 11 milliseconds, P < .05) and mitral deceleration time (138 ± 25 vs 111 ± 15 milliseconds, P < .01). No significant differences in cardiovascular function were found between CAH and juvenile idiopathic arthritis patients. CONCLUSION: Adolescents with CAH exhibit impaired exercise performance and enhanced systolic blood pressure response during exercise. In our population, such abnormalities appear related to GC therapy rather than CAH per se. CAH males, but not females, present mild LV diastolic dysfunction that correlates with testosterone concentrations suggesting a sex hormone-related difference. FAU - Marra, Alberto M
Interactions between oral contraceptive status and GSTM1 and GSTT1 deletions on insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) plasma levels in young healthy women.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) is essential for the pubertal growth spurt and for normal mammary gland development. IGF-1 increases premenopausal breast cancer risk. Oral contraceptives (OCs) decrease IGF-1 in most women. The endogenous estrogens and their metabolites also influence IGF-1 levels. Glutathione S-transferases (GSTs) are involved in estrogen metabolism. We aimed to study IGF-1 levels and body size in relation to GSTM1 and GSTT1 deletions, and GSTP1*1B and current oral contraceptive (OC) status. DESIGN: Questionnaires on reproductive factors and OC use were completed and blood samples were obtained during menstrual cycle day 18-23 in healthy women (≤40 years) from breast cancer high-risk families. IGF-1 was analyzed with radioimmunoassay. Genetic analyses were done with PCR based methods. Initially 258 women were included. After exclusion 229 women were finally included in the analyses of IGF-1 in relation to GSTM1 and GSTT1. RESULTS: Among the 142 non-OC users, GSTM1*0/*0 or GSTT1*0/*0 alone were associated with lower IGF-1 levels while homozygous GSTM1*0/*0/GSTT1*0/*0 carriers had higher IGF-1 levels (P(interaction)=0.024). In the 87 OC users, GSTM1*0/*0 or GSTT1*0/*0 alone were associated with higher IGF-1 levels while homozygous GSTM1*0/*0/GSTT1*0/*0 carriers had lower IGF-1 levels (P(interaction)=0.010). Among all 229 women, a three-way interaction model showed an interaction between the GSTM1*0/*0/GSTT1*0/*0 genotype and OC use on IGF-1 levels (P(interaction)=0.003). GSTP1*1B was not associated with IGF-1. The GSTM1*1/GSTT1*0/*0 genotype was associated with high body weight (P=0.003) and GSTM1*0/*0/GSTT1*0/*0 was associated with early growth (P=0.003). CONCLUSION: Both OC use and GSTT1 and GSTM1 genotypes may influence IGF-1 levels. Further studies are warranted to confirm our finding and elucidate the clinical importance.
Arterial function and structure after a 1-year lifestyle intervention in children with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Lifestyle modification has been the mainstay of controlling childhood obesity and has proved to be effective in reducing cardiovascular risk factors. However, it is currently unknown whether the subclinical atherosclerotic changes associated with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in such population are reversible. METHODS AND RESULTS: We analyzed changes of brachial flow-mediated dilation (FMD), carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT), clinical, laboratory, and imaging data in 120 obese children with NAFLD, at the end of a 1-year intervention program with diet and physical exercise. The lifestyle intervention led to a significant mean decrease of body mass index (BMI)-standard deviation score (SDS), waist circumference (WC) and fat mass, along with diastolic blood pressure, triglycerides, liver enzymes, insulin, insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, HOMA-IR), and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein. At the end of the study, FMD improved (P < 0.0001), while cIMT did not change significantly (P = 0.20). A significant decrease in hepatic fat content as measured by magnetic resonance imaging was also observed. Changes in FMD were inversely associated with changes in BMI-SDS, WC, total cholesterol, non-HDL cholesterol, liver enzymes, HOMA-IR, physical activity, and hepatic fat content. After including in the model all the significant variables as well as age, gender, pubertal status, and baseline FMD values, changes in FMD were significantly and independently associated with changes in WC and total cholesterol. CONCLUSION: Also in obese children with NAFLD arterial function may be restored by improving metabolic risk factors and reducing visceral adiposity following a 1-year lifestyle intervention.
Elevated IGF-1 with GH suppression after an oral glucose overload: incipient acromegaly or false-positive IGF-1?$$$ OBJECTIVE: To report the evolution of patients with a suggestive clinical scenario and elevated serum insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), but growth hormone (GH) suppression in the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), in whom acromegaly was not initially excluded. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Forty six patients with a suggestive clinical scenario, who had elevated IGF-1 (outside puberty and pregnancy) in two measurements, but GH < 0.4 µg/L in the OGTT, were selected. Five years after initial evaluation, the patients were submitted to clinical and laboratory (serum IGF-1) reassessment. Patients with persistently elevated IGF-1 were submitted to a new GH suppression test and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the pituitary. RESULTS: Four patients were lost to follow-up. During reassessment, 42 patients continued to show no "typical phenotype" or changes in physiognomy. Fifteen of the 42 patients had normal IGF-1. Among the 27 patients with persistently elevated IGF-1 and who were submitted to a new OGTT, GH suppression was confirmed in all. Two patients exhibited a lesion suggestive of microadenoma on pituitary MRI. In our interpretation of the results, acromegaly was ruled out in 40 patients and considered "possible" in only 2. CONCLUSION: Our results show that even in patients with a suggestive clinical scenario and elevated IGF-1, confirmed in a second measurement and without apparent cause, acromegaly is very unlikely in the case of GH suppression in the OGTT. FAU - Rosario, Pedro W
Dominantly inherited childhood gigantism resembling Sotos' syndrome.$$$ Excessive growth in infancy and onset of puberty at age four was observed in a boy with features resembling Sotos syndrome. Early development of secondary sexual characteristics and advanced osseous maturation were observed. The family history was significant; excessive weight gain tended to occur in female family members in association with rapid growth in infancy and childhood. A delayed insulin response to glucose was observed in both mother and sister, and diabetes developed during his mother's gestation. These observations suggest that undetermined factors associated with excessive growth may be inherited as a dominant trait with variable expression. FAU - Blackett, P R
Association of thyroid gland volume, serum insulin-like growth factor-I, and anthropometric variables in euthyroid prepubertal children.$$$ CONTEXT AND OBJECTIVE: Few studies have focused on the interrelation between thyroid size, anthropometric variables, and IGF-I in adults, but such data are lacking for children. We have investigated thyroid gland volume and several hormonal and anthropometric variables in prepubertal children. DESIGN AND PARTICIPANTS: A total of 859 prepubertal euthyroid Danish children aged 4-9 yr underwent a thorough clinical investigation, including anthropometrical measurements and determination of TSH, thyroid hormones, autoantibodies, urinary iodine excretion, and thyroid volume (TV) by ultrasound. Longitudinal growth data from birth were available. RESULTS: TV increased significantly with age (r = 0.487; P < 0.001). Mean TV +/- sd for different age groups were as follows: 4 yr, 2.2 +/- 1.4 ml; 5 yr, 2.5 +/- 1.3 ml; 6 yr, 2.8 +/- 1.3 ml; 7 yr, 3.2 +/- 1.3 ml; 8 yr, 3.5 +/- 1.3 ml; 9 yr, 3.7 +/- 1.3 ml. We found a significant positive association between IGF-I and TV (P < 0.001). Furthermore, in multiple regression analyses, TSH (P < 0.013), free T(4) (P < 0.001), lean body mass (P < 0.001), and body surface area (P < 0.001) as well as other anthropometrical measurements were identified as factors significantly associated with TV. Family history of thyroid disease and presence of incidental abnormal ultrasound findings were also positively associated with TV (P = 0.025 and 0.022, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: In our cohort of prepubertal Danish children, the GH/IGF-I-axis was positively correlated with thyroid size, suggesting a role in the regulation of thyroid growth. Moreover, anthropometric measurements, in particular body surface area, were the best predictors of TV. FAU - Boas, Malene
Metabolic and behavioral predictors of weight gain in Hispanic children: the Viva la Familia Study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Despite the high prevalence of overweight among Hispanic children in the United States, definitive predictors of weight gain have not been identified in this population. OBJECTIVE: The study objective was to test sociodemographic, metabolic, and behavioral predictors of 1-y weight gains in a large cohort of Hispanic children studied longitudinally. DESIGN: Subjects (n = 879) were siblings from 319 Hispanic families enrolled in the Viva la Familia Study. Families were required to have at least one overweight child aged 4-19 y. One-year changes in weight and body composition by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry were measured. Data were from parental interviews, birth certificates, multiple-pass 24-h dietary recalls, 3-d accelerometry, 24-h respiration calorimetry, measurements of eating in the absence of hunger, and measurement of fasting blood biochemistry indexes by radioimmunoassay. Generalized estimating equations and principal component analysis were applied. RESULTS: Weight gain increased with age (P = 0.001), peaking at approximately 10 y of age in girls and approximately 11 y of age in boys. Mean (+/-SD) weight gain was significantly higher in overweight (7.5 +/- 3.7 kg/y) than in nonoverweight (4.4 +/- 2.4 kg/y) children and in boys than in girls. When adjusted for age, age squared, sex, and Tanner stage, the final model indicated a child's body mass index (BMI; kg/m2) status, maternal BMI, energy expenditure (total energy expenditure, basal metabolic rate, and sleeping metabolic rate), and fasting blood biochemistry indexes (total triiodothyronine, insulin, leptin, and ghrelin) as independent, positive predictors of weight gain (P = 0.01-0.001). CONCLUSION: Knowledge of the metabolic and behavioral predictors of weight gain in Hispanic children will inform prevention and treatment efforts to address this serious public health problem in the United States. FAU - Butte, Nancy F
Testosterone treatment in adolescent boys with constitutional delay of growth and development.$$$ Administration of androgens to adolescent boys with constitutional delay in growth has been highly controversial. One hundred forty-eight adolescent boys with constitutional delay of growth and puberty with a mean age of 14.3 +/- 0.7 years were treated with testosterone enanthate 100 mg intramuscularly each month for 6 months. Growth parameters, sexual maturation, and circulating concentrations of testosterone and insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) were compared with those for 50 age-matched adolescent boys with constitutional delay of growth and puberty with a mean age of 14.1 +/- 0.9 years who did not receive any treatment. The mean height growth velocity, height standard deviation score, weight gain, and IGF-I concentration were significantly greater in the treatment group after 1 year of follow-up evaluation. The advancement in bone age equaled that in chronologic age in the treatment group, with no significant change in the bone age to chronologic age ratio (BA/CA) before versus after therapy. All subjects in the treatment group had clearly entered puberty by the end of 1 year. Testicular size increased significantly in the treatment group and they had significantly higher serum testosterone concentrations 6 months after the end of testosterone therapy as compared with the control group, denoting activation of the hypothalamic-pituitary testicular axis. All subjects in the treatment group were psychologically satisfied with the enhanced growth and increased muscle mass, versus only 40% of those in the control group. In conclusion, our regimen appears to be efficacious and safe for treatment of boys with constitutional delay of growth and puberty and has no deleterious effect on skeletal age. FAU - Soliman, A T
Pituitary dysfunction after traumatic brain injury in children: is there a need for ongoing endocrine assessment?$$$ BACKGROUND: Hypopituitarism has been widely described in adults after traumatic brain injury (TBI); however, the available data in paediatric populations are scarce. Here, we report the results of a prospective, long-term study in children, adolescents and young adults. STUDY GROUP: Thirty-seven children (age, 2 months to 19·9 years) of 51 eligible patients were followed for 1 year. Clinical and baseline endocrine variables were assessed in all 3 and 12 months after TBI; children ≥ 6 years underwent two stimulation tests (glucagon stimulation and megatest). RESULTS: In the group ≥6 years, 11 of 23 patients (47·8%) had a subnormal GH peak 3 months after TBI that persisted in 8 of 23 patients (34%) after 1 year. The GH response showed no correlation with injury severity (GCS, Marshall classification). Growth velocity was normal in all patients, except for one. Body mass index (BMI) SDS increased significantly in the group with low GH response. A suboptimal cortisol was observed in 10 of 23 subjects, which normalized in all but three, 1 year thereafter. All patients but one showed a pubertal response to GnRH testing. No clinical or hormonal abnormalities were detectable in children <6 years. CONCLUSION: Our results recommend to prospectively follow children after TBI: firstly, because the impairment of pituitary function cannot be predicted, and secondly, to avoid the potential consequences of pituitary dysfunction. Prospective clinical trials are needed before recommending a systematic screening after TBI and/or GH therapy either in postpubertal children or in prepubertal children who grow normally.
Thyroid function in girls with central precocious puberty.$$$ PURPOSE: Obesity is a well-known risk factor for central precocious puberty (CPP). Recently, elevated thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) was reported in obese youth. However, few data regarding the relationship between CPP and TSH are available. The aim of this study was to evaluate thyroid function in girls with CPP and the relationship between CPP and serum TSH concentration. METHODS: This was a retrospective cross-sectional study. A total of 1,247 girls aged between 6.0 and 8.9 years who had undergone a gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) stimulation test to determine the presence of puberty were studied. Subjects were classified into CPP (n=554) and non-CPP (n=693) groups according to the results of the GnRH stimulation test. Characteristics and laboratory data of the CPP and non-CPP groups were compared and correlations between those characteristics and laboratory data and TSH concentration were evaluated. Serum TSH concentration in the CPP group was higher than that of the non-CPP group (3.19±1.55 mIU/L vs. 2.58±1.34 mIU/L, P&lt;0.001). RESULTS: Serum free thyroxine (fT4) concentration in the CPP group was notably lower than that of the non-CPP group (1.38±0.14 ng/dL vs. 1.44±0.18 ng/dL, P&lt;0.001). Across all subjects, 149 girls (11.9%) had hyperthyrotropinemia. The prevalence of hyperthyrotropinemia was higher in the CPP group compared to the non-CPP group (15.7% vs. 8.9%, P&lt;0.001). TSH concentrations were positively correlated with age, height, weight, BMI, bone age, bone age advance, insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1), IGF-1 standard deviation score, basal luteinizing hormone (LH), peak LH and basal follicle-stimulation hormone. TSH concentrations were negatively correlated with fT4. Multiple linear regression analysis showed that age (β=0.548, P&lt;0.001) and peak LH (β=0.019, P=0.008) were independently associated with serum TSH concentration. CONCLUSION: Hyperthyrotropinemia in girls with CPP tends to be associated with pubertal LH elevation. In conclusion, pubertal onset may be associated with thyroid function. FAU - Jung, Geehae
Use of a potent, long acting agonist of gonadotropin-releasing hormone in the treatment of precocious puberty.$$$ Studies utilizing the administration of GnRH in various GnRH-deficient models have revealed the critical importance of the dose and mode of delivery of this releasing factor in determining the subsequent pituitary response. Chronic administration of long acting GnRH agonists (GnRHa), like continuous infusion of high doses of the native peptide, results in suppression of pituitary gonadotropin secretion. This selective and reversible suppression of gonadotropin secretion suggested several therapeutic applications for these analogs, particularly in the treatment of central precocious puberty (CPP), a disorder for which the previously available therapies lacked uniform efficacy and were associated with potential side effects. In our series, 74 children with CPP have been treated during the last 5 yr with the potent GnRH agonist, [D-Trp6, Pro9-ethylamide(NEt)]GnRH. Having selected a dose and route of administration that produced uniform suppression of spontaneous and stimulated pituitary gonadotropin secretion, GnRHa therapy resulted in a fall of gonadal sex steroid levels into the prepubertal range, a halting or regression of secondary sexual development, and a complete cessation of menses. Growth velocity slowed during therapy, with this slowing more pronounced during prolonged treatment periods and among those patients with more advanced chronological and skeletal ages. Skeletal maturation was retarded to a greater degree than linear growth, with resultant increases in the predictions for adult stature. Moreover, these benefits have been achieved in the absence of significant side effects. Complete reversal of the suppression of gonadarche has followed discontinuation of therapy; however, patterns of growth and skeletal maturation after discontinuation of GnRHa administration remain to be characterized. Thus, the impact of GnRHa therapy on final height must await further longitudinal study. The selective nature of GnRHa suppression of gonadarche also permits an investigation of the natural history of adrenarche and its discrete influences upon skeletal growth and maturation. In addition, GnRHa therapy of CPP provides a unique opportunity to study the effects of gonadal sex steroids on GH secretion and somatomedin-C (Sm-C) generation during sexual maturation. Finally, the detailed characterization of children with precocious puberty has helped to define more precisely a subset of patients whose precocity occurs in the absence of demonstrable gonadotropin secretion.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS) FAU - Boepple, P A
Cardiometabolic Risk in PCOS: More than a Reproductive Disorder.$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is diagnosed by its characteristic reproductive features. However, PCOS is also associated with metabolic abnormalities, including insulin resistance and β-cell dysfunction. The severity of these abnormalities varies according to the reproductive phenotype, with the so-called NIH or classic phenotype conferring the greatest metabolic risk. The increased risk for type 2 diabetes (T2D) is well established among affected women with the NIH phenotype, but whether PCOS also confers an increased risk for cardiovascular events remains unknown. RECENT FINDINGS: Recent studies in daughters of affected women have found evidence for pancreatic β-cell dysfunction prior to menarche. Further, genetic analyses have provided evidence that metabolic abnormalities such as obesity and insulin resistance contribute to the pathogenesis of PCOS. PCOS increases the risk for T2D. However, the risk for cardiovascular disease has not been quantified, and prospective, longitudinal studies are still critically needed. FAU - Torchen, Laura C
Current Knowledge on Endocrine Disrupting Chemicals (EDCs) from Animal Biology to Humans, from Pregnancy to Adulthood: Highlights from a National Italian Meeting. LID - 10.3390/ijms19061647 [doi] LID - 1647$$$ Wildlife has often presented and suggested the effects of endocrine disrupting chemicals (EDCs). Animal studies have given us an important opportunity to understand the mechanisms of action of many chemicals on the endocrine system and on neurodevelopment and behaviour, and to evaluate the effects of doses, time and duration of exposure. Although results are sometimes conflicting because of confounding factors, epidemiological studies in humans suggest effects of EDCs on prenatal growth, thyroid function, glucose metabolism and obesity, puberty, fertility, and on carcinogenesis mainly through epigenetic mechanisms. This manuscript reviews the reports of a multidisciplinary national meeting on this topic. FAU - Street, Maria Elisabeth
[Cystosarcoma phylloides of the breast. A retrospective analysis of 12 cases].$$$ INTRODUCTION: Phyllodes tumours, also known as cystosarcoma phyllodes (CSP), are rare fibroepithelial tumours with an incidence of 0.3-1.0% of all breast neoplasms. CSP tends to recur locally and metastasizes haematogenously. The treatment of CSP remains controversial. The present study demonstrates the recent experiences in diagnosis, therapeutical management and clinical follow-up of this disease. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Twelve female patients who developed CSP from 1982 to 1994 were recalled for clinical assessment and examined for local recurrence or metastatic disease. All histological samples from cases of CSP were evaluated by a single pathologist who was blinded to the patients' histories. The tumours were classified according to international criteria of three types of tumour status: benign CSP, borderline type tumours and malignant tumours. RESULTS: The average age of disease was 46 years. Three patients had benign tumours. There was one borderline type of tumour and eight malignancies. Six patients with malignant CSP underwent mastectomy and axillary dissection. In two cases of malignant CSP simple mastectomy was performed. In two cases of malignancy the operation was followed by radiation therapy. The borderline type of tumour and the benign CSP were treated by tumour removal, segmental resection or subcutaneous mastectomy. In one case of benign CSP two more benign recurrencies ocurred 18 months after the initial operation. Preoperative determination of the tumour marker CEA was normal. The tumour marker CA 15-3 was only elevated in one case. The growth fraction varied from 5-40%. In 8/8 patients the oestrogen and progesterone receptors were negative. We could not find any correlation between the development of cystosarcoma phyllodes and oral contraceptives, nicotine use, diabetes mellitus, age of menarche, allergies, or family history of cancer. CONCLUSION: The clinical finding of a large, firm, non-tender, well-defined, mobile tumour with gradual growth should lead to a suspicion of a phyllodes tumour. Our results and the review of the current literature lead to the following therapeutic recommendations: 1. Benign phyllodes tumour warrants wide local excision with a 2 cm tumour-free zone. 2. Borderline malignant phyllodes tumours should be treated via simple mastectomy. 3. Axillary dissection is recommended only if nodes are palpable. 4. Adjuvant radiation is necessary, if wide local spread of the tumour is present and a resection of the lesion with a 2 cm tumour-free zone is not possible. Close follow-up is mandatory. FAU - Mallebré, B
Are cytokines (IL-6, CRP and adiponectin) associated with bone mineral density in a young adult birth cohort?$$$ BACKGROUND: Studies have shown that cytokines play a role in bone remodeling. METHODS: In 1993, all hospital births occurred in Pelotas (Brazil) were identified and a total of 5249 newborns were included in the present cohort. Sub-samples of this cohort were visited during childhood and all members were traced at 11, 15, 18 and 22 years old. At 18 and 22 years the following biomarkers were measured: IL-6, CRP and adiponectin (the last one in a sub-sample) and bone mineral density (BMD-mg/cm(2)) was evaluated at 22 years. Crude regression analysis as well as adjusted for confounders (birth weight, pregnancy maternal smoking, gestational age, skin color, schooling, income, smoking, alcohol, physical activity, medical diagnosis of asthma, diabetes and hypertension, BMI, height, calcium intake, corticosteroid use, age at menarche, insulin and testosterone) were performed between the three biomarkers and the whole-body, lumbar spine and femoral BMD. RESULTS: No statistical significant association was found between IL-6 and CRP with BMD, in males. Significant inverse association in the adjusted analysis, among females, was found for the highest tertiles of CRP at 22 y (beta - 15.2 mg/cm(2); 95% CI: -25.4; - 4.9; p = 004), of CRP and IL-6 at 22 years (beta - 20.0 mg/cm(2); 95% CI: -31.7; - 8.3; p = 0.003), and of IL-6 and CRP at both ages (beta - 20.3 mg/cm(2); 95% CI: -38.0; - 2.5; p = 0.001) with total body BMD. Significant association, among males, was also found between the highest tertile of adiponectin at 22 y (beta - 23.3 mg/cm(2); 95% CI: -35.5; - 11.1; p = < 001; beta - 22.5 mg/cm(2); 95% CI: -42.9; - 2.2; p = 0.03; and beta - 31.8 mg/cm(2); 95% CI: -55.5; - 9.1; p = 0.006) and total body, lumbar spine and femur neck BMD, respectively; and, among females, - 17.8 mg/cm(2); 95% CI: -34.9; - 0.9; p = 0.033, with lumbar spine BMD. CONCLUSION: CRP at 22 years, in females, seems to be a marker for total body BMD; adiponectin at 22 years is also a marker for BMD at the three sites, in males, and for lumbar spine BMD, in females. FAU - Menezes, Ana Maria Baptista
Factors associated with circulating levels of insulin-like growth factor-I and insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 in 740 women at risk for breast cancer.$$$ Prospective studies have shown an association between elevated plasma levels of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and/or decreased levels of its major circulating carrier protein insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) and increased risk of major cancers. Identifying the factors which affect these biomarkers is of particular interest as subjects at increased risk could benefit from lifestyle changes, and/or chemoprevention intervention. We evaluated the association between constitutional, hormonal and clinical factors and IGF-I and IGFBP-3 in 740 women, including 376 unaffected women and 364 women with intraepithelial neoplasia (IEN) or early invasive breast cancer enrolled in breast cancer chemoprevention trials, conducted at a single institution. Age, body mass index (BMI), height, waist to hip girth ratio (WHR), parity, menopausal status, age at menarche, number of affected first degree relatives, number of biopsies and breast cancer status were considered in the analysis. Women with early breast cancer had 21% higher IGF-I levels (p = 0.033) and 19% higher IGF-I/IGFBP-3 molar ratio (p = 0.047) than unaffected women. In unaffected women, age was negatively associated with IGF-I (p = 0.002) and IGF-I/IGFBP-3 (p = 0.001), while age at menarche was negatively associated with IGFBP-3 levels (p = 0.043). In women with IEN or early breast cancer, IGF-I levels were negatively associated with age (p < 0.001), and positively associated with prior biopsies for benign disease (p = 0.013), while age, parity and menopausal status were significant predictors of IGF-I/IGFBP-3 molar ratio. We conclude that circulating IGF-I levels are higher in women with prior breast cancer compared to unaffected women, and that IGF-I and/or IGFBP-3 levels are influenced by age and by reproductive and hormonal factors. These findings support their putative role as breast cancer risk biomarker. FAU - Johansson, Harriet
Imatinib mesylate causes growth deceleration in pediatric patients with chronic myelogenous leukemia.$$$ BACKGROUND: Imatinib mesylate, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor, is used in the treatment of chronic myelogeneous leukemia (CML). Given its ease of administration and manageable side effects in adults, imatinib mesylate was introduced as therapy for pediatric CML. Recently published case reports describe growth deceleration in children treated with imatinib. This study details the growth phenotype of seven pediatric patients maintained in remission on imatnib mesylate over an extended period of time. PROCEDURE: This study is a retrospective chart review of pediatric patients with CML at Oregon Health & Science University treated with imatinib. Height, weight, and body mass index (BMI) measurements were collected before and during treatment. Median standard deviation scores (SDS) were analyzed by Wilcoxon Rank-Sum test and Wilcoxon signed rank cohort analysis. RESULTS: Individual patient analysis demonstrated five of seven subjects with a statistically significant decrease in height SDS pre versus during treatment. The whole group analysis showed a trend to significance for difference in median height SDS pre and during treatment (P = 0.078). Bone age was delayed in all four patients in whom bone ages were obtained. IGF-1, IGFBP-3, and thyroid levels during treatment were normal. Four patients experienced an improvement in height SDS during puberty. However, three patients approaching near final adult height failed to achieve genetic height potential determined by mid-parental target height. CONCLUSION: Growth in children with CML appears to be adversely impacted by imatinib therapy. BMI and IGF-1/IGFBP-3 are maintained during treatment, suggesting a direct effect of imatinib on the growth plate.
McCune-Albright syndrome and acromegaly: effects of hypothalamopituitary radiotherapy and/or pegvisomant in somatostatin analog-resistant patients.$$$ BACKGROUND: Acromegaly, which may be present in patients with McCune-Albright syndrome (MCAS), in association with café-au-lait spots, precocious puberty, and fibrous dysplasia, is often difficult to treat surgically because skull base bone dysplasia prevents the removal of the pituitary adenoma. Somatostatin analogs (SAs) generally give only partial responses. The use of radiotherapy (RT) is controversial because of a possible risk of bone sarcomatous transformation. AIM: This study was a retrospective analysis of the efficacy and adverse effects of different treatment modalities in six patients with both MCAS and acromegaly. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Because surgery was impossible and SA failed to normalize GH/IGF-I hypersecretion, five of the six patients received fractionated RT (45-55 Grays). Three patients (two with previous RT) were also prescribed pegvisomant. We analyzed the clinical features of acromegaly, GH, and IGF-I concentrations and bone radiological features. RESULTS: GH and IGF-I concentrations fell after RT (median follow-up, 5 yr; range, 0.5-9 yr). Symptoms of acromegaly improved in parallel. Bone sarcomatous transformation was only noted in one patient in a region (the mandible) outside the radiation field. RT alone and/or combined with SA failed to normalize GH/IGF-I levels in the five patients concerned. In contrast, IGF-I levels normalized very rapidly (5-9 months) in the three patients receiving pegvisomant (10-20 mg/d). CONCLUSION: RT may be an option for the treatment of acromegaly in patients with MCAS when surgery is impossible and SA therapy is ineffective. However, although no bone sarcomatous transformation was observed within the radiation field in this series, this risk cannot be ruled out. As shown in this small series of severely affected patients, pegvisomant therapy may thus be useful to normalize IGF-I levels rapidly. FAU - Galland, Françoise
Growth and hormone characteristics of pubertal development in the hamadryas baboon.$$$ The semi-longitudinal collection of growth measurements in male and female hamadryas baboons has enabled documentation of the timing of puberty and the development of sexually dimorphic growth patterns in body weight, crown-rump length (CRL), limb lengths, and muscle mass. In addition, another sexually dimorphic characteristic appears to be the presence of a pubertal growth spurt in body weight, and possibly CRL, in male but not female baboons. Serum testosterone levels rose during male development; however, there was a progressive decrease in dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate levels indicating the absence of adrenarche. Insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and its major binding protein, IGFBP-3, both rose during pubertal development; however, a simultaneous rise in the IGF-I:IGFBP-3 molar ratio suggests other factors may enhance the bioactivity of IGF-I during puberty. A distinct rise in serum osteocalcin levels was also associated with puberty in male baboons. These growth and hormonal changes during puberty in the hamadryas baboon indicate that this species provides a close primate model for human puberty. FAU - Crawford, B A
Diet in the epidemiology of endometrial cancer in western New York (United States).$$$ OBJECTIVES: We examined diet and risk of endometrial cancer among women in the Western New York Diet Study (1986-1991). METHODS: Self-reported frequency of use of 172 foods and beverages during the 2 years before the interview and other relevant data were collected by detailed interviews from 232 endometrial cancer cases and 639 controls, frequency-matched for age and county of residence. Odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were estimated by unconditional logistic regression, adjusting for age, education, body mass index (BMI), smoking history, hypertension, diabetes, age at menarche, parity, oral contraceptive use, menopausal status, menopausal estrogen use, and energy. RESULTS: Risks were reduced for women in the highest quartiles of intake of protein (OR 0.4, 95% CI: 0.2-0.9), dietary fiber (OR 0.5, 95% CI: 0.3-1.0), phytosterols (OR 0.6, 95% CI: 0.3-1.0), vitamin C (OR 0.5, 95% CI: 0.3-0.8) folate (OR 0.4, 95% CI: 0.2-0.7), alpha-carotene (OR 0.6, 95% CI: 0.4-1.0), beta-carotene (OR 0.4, 95% CI: 0.2-0.6), lycopene (OR 0.6, 95% CI: 0.4-1.0), lutein + zeaxanthin (OR 0.3, 95% CI: 0.2-0.5) and vegetables (OR 0.5, 95% CI: 0.3-0.9), but unrelated to energy (OR 0.9, 95% CI: 0.6-1.5) or fat (OR 1.6, 95% CI: 0.7-3.4). CONCLUSIONS: Our results support previous findings of reduced endometrial cancer risks associated with a diet high in plant foods. FAU - McCann, S E
Cortisol and its relation to insulin resistance before and after weight loss in obese children.$$$ BACKGROUND: Insulin resistance occurs both in obesity and in Cushing's syndrome suggesting a pathogenetic role of cortisol in insulin-resistant obese subjects. METHODS: We examined serum cortisol in 81 insulin-resistant (homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) >4) obese children (age in median 12 years) and 151 obese children without insulin resistance (HOMA < or = 4) (age in median 10 years) and compared these to cortisol of 83 healthy children of normal weight (age in median 12 years). Multivariate linear regression analysis was conducted for the dependent variable insulin resistance (HOMA), including weight status (BMI), age, gender, pubertal stage and cortisol concentration as independent variables. Furthermore, we analyzed cortisol and insulin resistance in 45 obese children with significant weight loss (reduction in SDS-BMI > or = 0.5) and in 109 obese children without significant weight loss (reduction in SDS-BMI <0.5) over the time period of 1 year. RESULTS: Cortisol was significantly (p = 0.006) higher in obese insulin-resistant children (median 14.6 microg/dl) compared to those of normal weight (median 11.4 microg/dl) or obese without insulin resistance (median 11.7 microg/dl). Insulin resistance was significantly influenced by weight status (BMI), age and cortisol using multivariate linear regression analysis. A reduction in overweight showed a significant decrease in cortisol (p = 0.005) and insulin resistance (p = 0.002) in insulin-resistant children, whilst there were no significant changes in children not reducing their overweight and in non-insulin-resistant children. CONCLUSIONS: Cortisol was moderately increased in insulin-resistant, obese children and related to insulin resistance. Weight reduction led to a decrease in cortisol and insulin resistance. These facts point to an association between cortisol and insulin resistance in obesity.
Five-year outcomes after oxandrolone administration in severely burned children: a randomized clinical trial of safety and efficacy.$$$ BACKGROUND: Oxandrolone, an anabolic agent, has been administered for 1 year post burn with beneficial effects in pediatric patients. However, the long-lasting effects of this treatment have not been studied. This single-center prospective trial determined the long-term effects of 1 year of oxandrolone administration in severely burned children; assessments were continued for up to 4 years post therapy. STUDY DESIGN: Patients 0 to 18 years old with burns covering >30% of the total body surface area were randomized to receive placebo (n = 152) or oxandrolone, 0.1 mg/kg twice daily for 12 months (n = 70). At hospital discharge, patients were randomized to a 12-week exercise program or to standard of care. Resting energy expenditure, standing height, weight, lean body mass, muscle strength, bone mineral content (BMC), cardiac work, rate pressure product, sexual maturation, and concentrations of serum inflammatory cytokines, hormones, and liver enzymes were monitored. RESULTS: Oxandrolone substantially decreased resting energy expenditure and rate pressure product, increased insulin-like growth factor-1 secretion during the first year after burn injury, and, in combination with exercise, increased lean body mass and muscle strength considerably. Oxandrolone-treated children exhibited improved height percentile and BMC content compared with controls. The maximal effect of oxandrolone was found in children aged 7 to 18 years. No deleterious side effects were attributed to long-term administration. CONCLUSIONS: Administration of oxandrolone improves long-term recovery of severely burned children in height, BMC, cardiac work, and muscle strength; the increase in BMC is likely to occur by means of insulin-like growth factor-1. These benefits persist for up to 5 years post burn.
The influence of oral contraceptives on hormonal and metabolic homeostasis in young adolescents.$$$ In order to evaluate the effects of oral contraceptives on metabolic and endocrine function in teenagers, Norinyl 1/50 was begun in 46 12-17-year-old girls after a 16-hour-fasting blood sample was obtained for glucose, insulin, glucagon, growth hormone, luteinizing hormone, follicle-stimulating hormone, thyroid-stimulating hormone, prolactin, gluconeogenic substrates, total lipids, and cholesterol. Sampling was repeated at 6 and 12 months of therapy. Of the 46 patients enrolled in the study, 23 returned for follow-up after 6 months, and 13 completed the study. Blood sampling after 6 and 12 months of therapy demonstrated no significant changes (p greater than 0.05). Our results suggest that there were no changes in the metabolic or endocrine functions studied at 6 and 12 months on a medium-dose contraceptive agent. FAU - Smith, K W
Limited value of serum steroid measurements in identification of mild form of 21-hydroxylase deficiency.$$$ BACKGROUND: ACTH stimulation test is widely used as a basic diagnostic method for non-classical congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency (21-OHD). However, the interpretation of this test has not been definitely established. To determine the cut-off values of basal and post-ACTH serum 17-OHP concentrations, data of patients with suspected 21-OHD has been analysed. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Two hundred and eighty-seven patients with postnatal/peripubertal virilization were investigated. Serum steroid concentrations were measured by RIA, urinary steroid profile was determined by capillary gas chromatography and mutation analysis of CYP21 gene was performed by allele specific PCR. 21-OHD was diagnosed by elevated serum 17-OHP concentrations, high level of the urinary 17-OHP metabolites and/or homozygosity for CYP21 mutations. RESULTS: Twenty-one patients of the total of 287 subjects (7.3 %) were identified as having 21-OHD. The numbers of 21-OHD patients compared to total numbers of patients with different ranges of serum 17-OHP were as follows: basal values below 3.5 ng/ml (mean + 1 SD) 0/225; between 3.5 - 6.6 ng/ml 3/41; above 6.6 ng/ml (mean + 2 SD) 18/21. Post-ACTH values below 6.4 ng/ml (mean + 1 SD) 0/226, between 6.4 - 10.3 ng/ml 0/35, above 10.3 ng/ml (mean + 2 SD) 21/26. CONCLUSION: There are patients with inappropriate peripubertal virilization who have slightly elevated 17-OHP concentrations. In this subgroup of patients more sensitive and specific methods are needed to establish the diagnosis of 21-OHD. Therefore we suggest performing an ACTH stimulation test in patients with a morning 17-OHP level above 3.5 ng/ml. Furthermore, urinary steroid profile and/or CYP21 gene analysis are needed in patients with a stimulated 17-OHP value between 10 and 30 ng/ml. These tests will distinguish between patients with non-classical 21-OHD and patients with other disorders. FAU - Török, D
Abnormal sex chromosome constitution and longitudinal growth: serum levels of insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I, IGF binding protein-3, luteinizing hormone, and testosterone in 109 males with 47,XXY, 47,XYY, or sex-determining region of the Y chromosome (SRY)-positive 46,XX karyotypes.$$$ CONTEXT: Growth is a highly complex process regulated by the interaction between sex steroids and the GH IGF-axis. However, other factors such as sex chromosome-related genes play independent roles. AIM: The aim of the study was to evaluate the role of abnormal chromosome constitution for longitudinal growth in relation to reproductive hormones, IGF-I, and IGF binding protein (IGFBP)-3. SETTING: The study was conducted at an outpatient clinic, Copenhagen University Hospital. PARTICIPANTS: Participants included 86 47,XXY males, 14 46,XX-males, and nine 47,XYY. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Standing and sitting height, serum levels of reproductive hormones, IGF-I, and IGFBP-3 were measured. RESULTS: In boys with 47,XXY and 47,XYY karyotypes, growth was accelerated already in childhood, compared with healthy boys. 46,XX-males were significantly shorter than healthy boys but matched the stature of healthy girls. In 47,XXY sitting height to height ratios were lower than expected, whereas body proportions in 46,XX-males and 47,XYY were normal. In all subjects serum levels of IGF-I and IGFBP-3 were within normal limits. The boys with 46,XX and 47,XXY karyotypes presented with low normal testosterone and elevated LH levels after puberty, whereas the sex hormone secretion of the 47,XYY boys remained normal. CONCLUSION: We found accelerated growth in early childhood in boys with 47,XXY and 47,XYY karyotypes, whereas 46,XX-males were shorter than controls. These abnormal growth patterns were not reflected in circulating levels of IGF-I and IGFBP-3. The boys with 46,XX and 47,XXY karyotypes developed hypogonadism in puberty, but androgen secretion in 47,XYY boys remained normal. The abnormal stature of these patients may be a result of abnormal gene expression due to the underlying chromosome aberration resulting in excessive expression of growth-related genes. FAU - Aksglaede, Lise
The relationships among bone health, insulin-like growth factor-1 and sex hormones in adolescent female athletes.$$$ The aim of this study was to determine the relationships of bone mineral density (BMD) and content (BMC) with insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), IGF-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) and estradiol in pubertal female athletes. The participants were 170 healthy adolescent girls (13-15 years) who participated in competitive extramural athletic programs, i.e., sports games (n = 49), track sprinting (n = 24), rhythmic gymnastics (n = 23), swimming (n = 24) and cross-country skiing (n = 17). The control group (n = 33) consisted of girls who took part only in compulsory physical education classes at school. The whole-body BMD and femoral neck and lumbar spine BMD and BMC were measured using DXA, and the volumetric BMD was calculated. Venous blood samples to determine the concentration of IGF-1, IGFBP-3 and estradiol were drawn after an overnight fasting. After adjusting for age, body height and body mass, the relationships among BMD variables, IGF-1 and the IGF-1/IGFBP-3 molar ratio remained significant only in the rhythmic gymnast group. BMDs at the femoral neck and lumbar spine were also related to estradiol levels (r = 0.45-0.60; p < 0.05) only in the rhythmic gymnast group. No relationships were found among the measured BMD, IGF axis and estradiol in other athletic groups. Only BMC at the femoral neck remained associated with the IGF-1/IGFBP-3 molar ratio in the rhythmic gymnast group after adjusting for age, body height and body mass. Stepwise multiple regression analysis indicated that IGF-1 and estradiol together explained 42.6% (R(2) x 100) of total variance in the femoral neck BMD and IGF-1 alone 35.4% (R(2) x 100) of the total variance in the femoral neck BMC only in the rhythmic gymnast group. We conclude that femoral neck and lumbar spine BMD correlated with IGF-1, IGF-1/IGFBP-3 molar ratio and estradiol in rhythmic gymnasts. No relationships were found between bone parameters and the hormones used in other athletic groups. FAU - Gruodyte, Rita
Reproductive Factors Predicting Angiographic Obstructive Coronary Artery Disease: The KoRean wOmen'S Chest Pain rEgistry (KoROSE).$$$ BACKGROUND: Whether reproductive factors are associated with coronary artery disease (CAD) has been debated. The aim of this study was to investigate etiologic associations of a wide range of reproductive factors of women with the presence of angiographic obstructive CAD. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Study data were obtained from a nationwide registry that enrolled 687 Korean women (59.9 ± 11.4 years) with chest pain undergoing invasive coronary angiography (ICA). Obstructive CAD was defined as ≥50% luminal stenosis of one or more epicardial coronary arteries in ICA. Information on reproductive history, including ages at menarche and menopause, duration of reproductive capacity, number of pregnancies, hormonal replacement therapy, and history of twin pregnancy, was obtained using a standardized questionnaire. RESULTS: A total of 178 women (25.9%) had obstructive CAD. Multivariable logistic regression analysis identified that later age at menarche (odds ratio [OR] = 1.265, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.064-1.504, p = 0.008, per year) and increased number of pregnancies (OR = 1.223, 95% CI = 1.026-1.457, p = 0.025, per pregnancy) were the independent predictors of obstructive CAD even after controlling for potential confounders, including age, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, dyslipidemia, renal function, high-density lipoprotein level, white blood cell count, hemoglobin, and E/e'. CONCLUSIONS: Later age at menarche and increased number of pregnancies may be reproductive risk factors for angiographic obstructive CAD, suggesting the important role of hormonal status in the development of CAD. FAU - Kim, Hack-Lyoung
Pubertal metformin therapy to reduce total, visceral, and hepatic adiposity.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Puberty is part of a critical window in which adiposity and its correlates can be fine-tuned toward reproduction, which implies that puberty provides an opportunity to reprogram a misprogramming that occurred in early life. We tested this hypothesis in low-birthweight (LBW) girls with precocious pubarche (PP), who are at risk for hyperinsulinemic body adiposity during and beyond puberty. STUDY DESIGN: LBW girls with PP (n = 38; mean age 8 years) were randomized to remain untreated or to receive metformin across puberty (425 mg/d for 2 years, then 850 mg/d for 2 years); subsequently, all girls were monitored for 1 year without intervention. Here we report on the latter year. RESULTS: The benefits of metformin were mostly maintained during the posttreatment year so that, after 5 years, metformin therapy was associated with more lean mass; with less total, visceral, and hepatic fat; with lower circulating levels of androgens and leptin; and with elevated levels of high-molecular-weight adiponectin and undercarboxylated osteocalcin. CONCLUSION: In LBW girls with PP, pubertal metformin therapy was followed by a favorable adipokine profile and by a reduction of total, visceral, and hepatic adiposity beyond puberty. FAU - Ibáñez, Lourdes
GH mutant (R77C) in a pedigree presenting with the delay of growth and pubertal development: structural analysis of the mutant and evaluation of the biological activity.$$$ A heterozygous missense mutation in the GH-1 gene converting codon 77 from arginine (R) to cysteine (C), which was previously reported to have some GH antagonistic effect, was identified in a Syrian family. The index patient, a boy, was referred for assessment of his short stature (-2.5 SDS) at the age of 6 years. His mother and grandfather were also carrying the same mutation, but did not differ in adult height from the other unaffected family members. Hormonal examination in all affected subjects revealed increased basal GH, low IGF-I concentrations, and subnormal IGF-I response in generation test leading to the diagnosis of partial GH insensitivity. However, GH receptor gene (GHR) sequencing demonstrated no abnormalities. As other family members carrying the GH-R77C form showed similar alterations at the hormonal level, but presented with normal final height, no GH therapy was given to the boy, but he was followed through his pubertal development which was delayed. At the age of 20 years he reached his final height, which was normal within his parental target height. Functional characterization of the GH-R77C, assessed through activation of Jak2/Stat5 pathway, revealed no differences in the bioactivity between wild-type-GH (wt-GH) and GH-R77C. Detailed structural analysis indicated that the structure of GH-R77C, in terms of disulfide bond formation, is almost identical to that of the wt-GH despite the introduced mutation (Cys77). Previous studies from our group demonstrated a reduced capability of GH-R77C to induce GHR/GH-binding protein (GHBP) gene transcription rate when compared with wt-GH. Therefore, reduced GHR/GHBP expression might well be the possible cause for the partial GH insensitivity found in our patients. In addition, this group of patients deserve further attention because they could represent a distinct clinical entity underlining that an altered GH peptide may also have a direct impact on GHR/GHBP gene expression causing partial GH insensitivity. This might be responsible for the delay of growth and pubertal development. Finally, we clearly demonstrate that GH-R77C is not invariably associated with short stature, but that great care needs to be taken in ascribing growth failure to various heterozygous mutations affecting the GH-IGF axis and that careful functional studies are mandatory. FAU - Petkovic, Vibor
Long-term outcomes of children treated for Cushing's disease: a single center experience.$$$ PURPOSE: Pediatric Cushing's disease (CD) is rare and there are limited data on the long-term outcomes. We assessed CD recurrence, body composition, pituitary function and psychiatric comorbidity in a cohort of pediatric CD patients. METHODS: Retrospective review of 21 CD patients, mean age at diagnosis 12.1 years (5.7-17.8), managed in our center between 1986 and 2010. Mean follow-up from definitive treatment was 10.6 years (2.9-27.2). RESULTS: Fifteen patients were in remission following transsphenoidal surgery (TSS) and 5 were in remission following TSS + external pituitary radiotherapy (RT). One patient underwent bilateral adrenalectomy (BA). CD recurrence occurred in 3 (14.3 %) patients: 2 at 2 and 6 years after TSS and 1 7.6 years post-RT. The BA patient developed Nelson's syndrome requiring pituitary RT 0.6 years post-surgery. Short-term growth hormone deficiency (GHD) was present in 14 patients (81 % patients tested) (11 following TSS and 3 after RT) and 4 (44 % of tested) had long-term GHD. Gonadotropin deficiency caused impaired pubertal development in 9 patients (43 %), 4 requiring sex steroid replacement post-puberty. Four patients (19 %) had more than one pituitary hormone deficiency, 3 after TSS and 1 post-RT. Five patients (24 %) had long-term psychiatric co-morbidities (cognitive dysfunction or mood disturbance). There were significant long-term improvements in growth, weight and bone density but not complete reversal to normal in all patients. CONCLUSIONS: The long-term consequences of the diagnosis and treatment of CD in children is broadly similar to that seen in adults, with recurrence of CD after successful treatment uncommon but still seen. Pituitary hormone deficiencies occurred in the majority of patients after remission, and assessment and appropriate treatment of GHD is essential. However, while many parameters improve, some children may still have mild but persistent defects. FAU - Yordanova, Galina
Reduced steroidogenesis in patients with PCDH19-female limited epilepsy.$$$ Patients affected by protocadherin 19 (PCDH19)-female limited epilepsy (PCDH19-FE) present a remarkable reduction in allopregnanolone blood levels. However, no information is available on other neuroactive steroids and the steroidogenic response to hormonal stimulation. For this reason, we evaluated allopregnanolone, pregnanolone, and pregnenolone sulfate by liquid chromatographic procedures coupled with electrospray tandem mass spectrometry in 12 unrelated patients and 15 age-matched controls. We also tested cortisol, estradiol, progesterone, and 17OH-progesterone using standard immunoassays. Apart from estradiol and progesterone, all the considered hormones were evaluated in basal condition and after stimulation with adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH). A generalized decrease in blood levels of almost all measured neuroactive steroids was found. When considering sexual development, cortisol and pregnenolone sulfate basal levels were significantly reduced in postpubertal girls affected by PCDH19-FE. Of interest, ACTH administration did not recover pregnenolone sulfate serum levels but restored cortisol to control levels. In prepubertal girls with PCDH19-FE, by challenging adrenal function with ACTH we disclosed defects in the production of cortisol, pregnenolone sulfate, and 17OH-progesterone, which were not apparent in basal condition. These findings point to multiple defects in peripheral steroidogenesis associated with and potentially relevant to PCDH19-FE. Some of these defects could be addressed by stimulating adrenocortical activity.
Blockade of oestrogen biosynthesis in peripubertal boys: effects on lipid metabolism, insulin sensitivity, and body composition.$$$ OBJECTIVE: In males, the pubertal increase in sex hormone production has been associated with proatherogenic changes in lipid and carbohydrate metabolism. Aromatase inhibitors, a novel treatment modality for some growth disorders, may significantly influence these risk factors for cardiovascular disease by suppressing oestrogen biosynthesis and stimulating gonadal androgen production. In the current study, we explored the effects of aromatase inhibition on lipid metabolism, insulin sensitivity, body composition and serum adiponectin in peripubertal boys. DESIGN: Prospective, double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled clinical study. METHODS: Thirty-one boys, aged 9.0-14.5 years, with idiopathic short stature were treated with the aromatase inhibitor letrozole (2.5 mg/day) or placebo for 2 years. During the treatment, the concentrations of sex hormones, IGF-I, lipids, lipoproteins and adiponectin were followed-up. The percentage of fat mass (FM) was assessed by skinfold measurements and insulin resistance by homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) index. RESULTS: In pubertal boys, who received letrozole, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) decreased by 0.47 mmol/l (P<0.01) during the study. Simultaneously, their percentage of FM decreased from 17.0 to 10.5 (P<0.001), in an inverse relationship with serum testosterone. The concentrations of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides and HOMA index remained at pretreatment level in both groups. Serum adiponectin decreased similarly in letrozole- and placebo-treated pubertal boys (2.9 and 3.3 mg/l respectively). CONCLUSIONS: In males, aromatase inhibition reduces HDL-C and decreases relative FM after the start of puberty. The treatment does not adversely affect insulin sensitivity in lean subjects. FAU - Hero, Matti
Growth, puberty, and endocrine functions in patients with sporadic or familial neurofibromatosis type 1: a longitudinal study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study prospectively evaluates parameters of growth, puberty, and attained adult height in children with sporadic or familial occurrence of neurofibromatosis type 1 (NF-1), followed up longitudinally, to define the most important factors affecting these parameters. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The study was made up of 89 patients (55 boys, 34 girls) with sporadic (n = 45) or familial NF-1 (13 affected fathers and 31 affected mothers). The average age at referral was 8.9 years (range 8.5-15 years), and the average follow-up period was 8.5 years (6-15 years). A total of 28 patients attained adult height at the time of the report. Anthropometric measurements and bone age determinations were performed at 6- to 12-month intervals. As indicated, central nervous system (CNS) imaging was performed on 60 patients. Serum levels of thyroid stimulating hormone, free T4, lutheinizing hormone, follicle stimulating hormone, testosterone or estradiol, cortisol, and prolactin were measured in all patients periodically, and the pituitary growth hormone reserve was assessed in 32 short patients. RESULTS: CNS pathology was found in 23 of the 89 patients. A total of 6 patients required neurosurgery, and 2 patients had cranial irradiation. Of these patients, 3 were receiving recombinant growth hormone and thyroxin replacement therapy and 5 patients with precocious puberty were treated with a gonadotropin-releasing hormone analog. All other patients had normal endocrine tests. Precocious puberty was recorded in 5 patients and was more common among the familial cases. The 5 patients with precocious puberty also had CNS pathology. Short stature (<10th percentile) was observed in 25.5% of the patients during the prepubertal period with a significant gradual reduction of their relative height for age (standard scores) during puberty. Short adult height was noted in 12 (43%) of 28 patients, and only 50% of the 28 patients attained an adult height that was appropriate for their respective target height. Short stature was more common among patients with familial NF-1, particularly if the father was affected, and among those patients with CNS pathology. Parental short stature was observed in 39% of the mothers and in 33% of the fathers (59% and 54% among the affected parents, respectively). Tall stature (>90th percentile) was observed in 4 of 89 patients (4.5%), who all had CNS tumors. A highly significant correlation was found among all adult height-predicting parameters (r =.79), and attained adult height was best correlated with the target height (r =.7; n = 28). CONCLUSIONS: Short adult height is an important characteristic of NF-1 and deserves to be emphasized in the evaluation and follow-up of these patients during childhood. Short adult height is strongly linked with familial background of NF-1, in particular if the affected parent is the father, and is affected adversely by the relatively poor pubertal growth. Despite normal pituitary gland and thyroid function tests in most children and adolescents with NF-1, increased incidence of precocious puberty was observed. As the clinical expression in the second generation is more pronounced, the underlying mechanism seems to be mediated by genetic factors that are yet undefined. FAU - Carmi, D
Evaluation of permanent growth hormone deficiency (GHD) in young adults with childhood onset GHD: a multicenter study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Reconfirming the diagnosis of childhood onset growth hormone deficiency (GHD) in young adults is necessary to demonstrate the need for continuation of GH therapy. OBJECTIVE: This nationally-based study was planned to establish GH status during adulthood in childhood-onset GH deficient patients and to evaluate factors that would predict persistency of the GHD. METHODS: In this multicenter study, 70 GH deficient patients who had reached final height were evaluated after completion of GH treatment. Fifty-two patients (74%) had isolated GHD and 18 patients (26%) had multiple pituitary hormone deficiency (MPHD). Patients who had reached final height and the pubertal Tanner stage 5 were reevaluated for GH status. After at least 6 weeks of cessation of GH treatment, patients were retested with insulin induced hypoglycemia. RESULTS: GHD was found to be transient in 64.3% of all patients. Of the isolated GH deficient patients 82.7% had transient GHD, whereas 88.9% of the MPHD patients showed persistent GHD. Comparison of isolated GH deficient and multiple hormone deficient patients indicated higher peak GH, IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels in isolated GH deficient patients. No parameter was significantly different in the transiently and persistently GH deficient patients with respect to gender. Although specificity of IGF-I value of less than -2 SD showing persistency of GHD was lower than the specificity of IGFBP-3 value of less than -2 SD (65.7% vs 84%), negative predictive values were similar for the two parameters (85.2% and 84%, respectively). CONCLUSION: Most of the cases of childhood onset GHD are idiopathic and the GHD is transient. In patients with MPHD, GHD is generally permanent. Low IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels are supporting findings to show persistency of the GHD. FAU - Berberoğlu, Merih
Girls and Boys Have a Different Cardiometabolic Response to Obesity Treatment.$$$ Background: Childhood obesity exposes individuals to cardiometabolic disturbances. We analyzed how family-based multidisciplinary obesity treatment influenced children's cardiometabolic health. Materials and methods: In this retrospective, two-year, follow-up study of 654 2- to 18-year-old children treated for obesity in three Finnish pediatric clinics in 2005-2012, blood pressure (BP), metabolic parameters, and the influence of sex, puberty and a change in body mass index standard deviation score (BMI SDS) were analyzed. Results: At baseline, at least one cardiovascular risk factor was present in 474 (80%) cases. Boys presented with more significant changes in cardiometabolic parameters than girls during the treatment. Boys' total cholesterol (TC) improved by 12 months (P = 0.009), and their low-density lipoprotein C (LDL-C) and glycosylated hemoglobin ameliorated by 12 months (P = 0.030 and 0.022, respectively) and 24 months (P = 0.043 and 0.025, respectively). Boys' triglycerides, insulin, homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and systolic BP deteriorated at 24 months (P < 0.001, 0.004, 0.002, and 0.037, respectively). In all children, the number of acceptable TC, LDL-C, insulin, and HOMA-IR values increased if BMI SDS reduced 0.25 or more by 12 months. Conclusion: Minor cardiometabolic improvements were found during the obesity treatment. These findings indicate the need to assess treatment methods and focus on prevention. FAU - Dalla Valle, Marketta
Effects of Mixed Carotenoids on Adipokines and Abdominal Adiposity in Children: A Pilot Study.$$$ CONTEXT: Carotenoids have been implicated in the regulation of adipocyte metabolism. OBJECTIVE: To compare the effects of mixed-carotenoid supplementation (MCS) versus placebo on adipokines and the accrual of abdominal adiposity in children with obesity. DESIGN AND SETTING: Randomized (1:1), double-blind, placebo-controlled intervention trial to evaluate the effects of MCS over 6 months in a subspecialty clinic. PARTICIPANTS: Twenty (6 male and 14 female) children with simple obesity [body mass index (BMI) > 90%], a mean age (± standard deviation) of 10.5 ± 0.4 years, and Tanner stage I to V were enrolled; 17 participants completed the trial. INTERVENTION: MCS (which contains β-carotene, α-carotene, lutein, zeaxanthin, lycopene, astaxanthin, and γ-tocopherol) or placebo was administered daily. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Primary outcomes were change in β-carotene, abdominal fat accrual (according to magnetic resonance imaging), and BMI z-score; secondary outcomes were adipokines and markers of insulin resistance. RESULTS: Cross-sectional analysis of β-carotene showed inverse correlation with BMI z-score, waist-to-height ratio, visceral adipose tissue, and subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) at baseline. MCS increased β-carotene, total adiponectin, and high-molecular-weight adiponectin compared with placebo. MCS led to a greater reduction in BMI z-score, waist-to-height ratio, and SAT compared with placebo. The percentage change in β-carotene directly correlated with the percentage change in SAT. CONCLUSIONS: The decrease in BMI z-score, waist-to-height ratio, and SAT and the concomitant increase in the concentration of β-carotene and high-molecular-weight adiponectin by MCS suggest the putative beneficial role of MCS in children with obesity.
Detection of lipoatrophy in human immunodeficiency virus-1-infected children treated with highly active antiretroviral therapy.$$$ BACKGROUND: Highly active antiretroviral therapy has been associated with lipodystrophy in adults. Much is unknown about its characteristics, especially in children. OBJECTIVE: To obtain an objective case definition of the lipodystrophy syndrome. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study. One investigator rated clinical lipodystrophy. Body composition was measured using body mass index, skin fold thickness and circumference of arm, leg, waist and hip. Samples for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-1 RNA, CD4 cell count, fasting lipids and glucose variables were drawn. HIV-infected children with lipodystrophy were compared with HIV-infected children without lipodystrophy (controls). RESULTS: Thirty-four children were included: 28 controls, 2 nonassigned, and 4 with the lipoatrophic phenotype. Lipohypertrophy or mixed syndrome were not observed. All children with lipoatrophy were pubertal; they had used stavudine and didanosine longer. Children with lipoatrophy had significantly smaller arm and leg circumference, and their skin folds were thinner. The torso-to-arm ratio was 3 times higher in lipoatrophic children, but the difference did not reach significance. The waist-to-hip ratio was higher (P = 0.005). None of the laboratory values differed significantly between the two groups, but all children with lipoatrophy had an increased C-peptide level above the upper limit of normal. All children with lipoatrophy could be distinguised from controls by an increased C-peptide level, a waist-to-hip ratio z score of 1 standard deviation or higher and a sum of skin folds z score below -1 standard deviation. CONCLUSIONS: All children with lipoatrophy can be distinguished by using anthropometric measurements and C-peptide measurement in serum. This method is simple, readily available and inexpensive. FAU - Hartman, Karin
Normal growth spurt and final height despite low levels of all forms of circulating insulin-like growth factor-I in a patient with acid-labile subunit deficiency.$$$ BACKGROUND: In a recently described patient with acid-labile subunit (ALS) deficiency, the inability to form ternary complexes resulted in a marked reduction in circulating total insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I, whereas skeletal growth was only marginally affected. To further study the role of circulating versus locally produced IGF-I in skeletal growth in this patient, we now describe in detail growth changes and their relationship with several components of the circulating IGF system. DESIGN AND METHODS: We followed growth and development up to the final height in a patient with complete ALS deficiency and determined both spontaneous and growth hormone (GH)-stimulated changes in the IGF system, including measurements of total, free and bioactive IGF-I, total IGF-II and insulin-like growth factor binding protein (IGFBP)-1, IGFBP-2 and IGFBP-3. RESULTS: The patient had a delayed growth and pubertal onset. Six months of GH treatment had no effect on growth. At the age of 19.3 years, he spontaneously completed puberty and had a normal growth spurt for a late adolescent (peak height velocity of 8.4 cm/year). A normal final height was attained at 21.3 years (167.5 cm; -0.78 SDS). During as well as after puberty, basal levels of total, free and bioactive IGF-I were low, as were total IGF-II, IGFBP-1, IGFBP-2 and IGFBP-3. GH treatment for 6 months normalized free IGF-I and increased bioactive IGF-I, but had no effect on growth velocity. CONCLUSIONS: This case story shows that in the presence of complete ALS deficiency, a height within normal limits can be obtained despite low levels of all forms of circulating IGF-I. Furthermore, the patient presented a delayed but normal growth spurt without any marked increment of circulating IGF-I.
PROP-1 gene mutation (R120C) causing combined pituitary hormone deficiencies with variable clinical course in eight siblings of one Jewish Moroccan family.$$$ BACKGROUND: PROP-1 gene mutations have been described in patients with combined pituitary hormone deficiencies (CPHD). METHODS: Clinical follow-up and molecular analysis of the PROP-1 gene were performed in 4 affected sisters of one consanguineous family, in whom 8 members had CPHD. RESULTS: The 4 sisters were homozygous for the same R120C mutation. Growth hormone and thyroid-stimulating hormone deficiencies were diagnosed concomitantly in all subjects, but at different ages (5.5-10.8 years). All 8 subjects exhibited complete gonadotropin deficiency with failure of spontaneous sexual maturation. Adrenocorticotropic hormone deficiency developed in only 2 sisters in the 3rd and 4th decades of life. CONCLUSIONS: The CPHD in this family, caused by an R120C mutation, was characterized by clinical phenotypic variability in terms of the severity of hormonal deficiencies and the time of their development. Identifying the mutation does not predict the clinical course. Therefore, continuous follow-up with repeated endocrine evaluations is mandatory to provide proper hormone substitution therapy.
Six-month, prospective, longitudinal, open-label caffeine and dextromethorphan phenotyping study in children with growth hormone deficiency receiving recombinant human growth hormone replacement.$$$ BACKGROUND: Recombinant human growth hormone (r-hGH) is increasingly being used in children. Although growth hormone (GH) may alter the clearance of concomitantly administered medications, its effects on individual drug-metabolizing enzymes in children have not been characterized. OBJECTIVE: The goal of this study was to assess the activities of cytochrome P450 (CYP) 1A2, N-acetyltransferase 2, xanthine oxidase, and CYP2D6 in children with isolated idiopathic GH deficiency before and 3 and 6 months after initiation of r-hGH treatment. METHODS: This 6-month, prospective, longitudinal, open-label phenotyping study was conducted at 4 academic tertiary care centers within the Pediatric Pharmacology Research Unit network. Prepubertal or early pubertal children (4-14 years) with short stature and isolated idiopathic GH deficiency were enrolled. Patients were given 4 ounces of a cola beverage and 0.5 mg/kg of dextromethorphan (DM) before and 3 and 6 months after initiation of r-hGH treatment. Urine was collected for 8 hours after probe substrate administration, and enzyme activity was assessed using validatedcaffeine/metaboliteandDM/metabolitemolar ratios. Patients with a DM/dextrorphan molar ratio > or =0.3 were classified as poor metabolizers, and those with a ratio <0.3 were classified as extensive metabolizers. Anthropometric and biochemical responses were assessed at each visit. Blood was also obtained for determination of serum insulinlike growth factor-1 (IGF-1) levels and CYP2D6 genotype. RESULTS: Fourteen patients (mean [SD] age, 11.5 [2.6] years [age range, 4.5-14.6 years]; 11 males, 3 females; 100% white; median height and weight, 131.8 cm and 29.2 kg, respectively) completed the 3 study visits. However, data from 2 patients were excluded from analysis due to procedural violations. In all patients, growth velocity and serum IGF-1 concentrations were significantly higher (P < 0.001) after r-hGH treatment (mean doses, 0.32 and 0.33 mg/kg per week at 3 and 6 months, respectively). However, molar ratio values did not significantly change after initiation of r-hGH. CONCLUSIONS: In this study population of children with isolated idiopathic GH deficiency, no significant differences in caffeine/metabolite and DM/metabolite molar ratios were observed after initiation of r-hGH treatment. FAU - Kennedy, Mary Jayne
Peptide YY is a regulator of energy homeostasis in obese children before and after weight loss.$$$ CONTEXT: The gut hormone peptide YY(3-36) (PYY) reduces food intake via hypothalamic Y2 receptors in the brain. There is not much known about PYY in obese children. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to investigate the role of PYY in the metabolic changes in obese children and its change during weight loss. SETTING: The study was performed at a university medical center. PARTICIPANTS: We studied 73 obese children and 45 age-matched normal-weight children. INTERVENTIONS: We determined fasting serum total PYY and leptin by RIA in obese and normal-weight children. Fasting PYY was also measured in 28 obese children before and after completion of a 1-yr outpatient weight reduction program. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: PYY, insulin, and body mass index were the main outcome measures. RESULTS: Obese children demonstrated significantly lower PYY levels than lean children (median, 67 vs. 124 pg/ml; P < 0.001). Fasting PYY correlated negatively to the degree of overweight. PYY levels did not differ significantly between boys and girls, nor between prepubertal and pubertal children. The group of patients participating in the outpatient weight reduction program was divided into four quartiles according to their changes in body mass index SD score over a 1-yr period. PYY increased significantly in patients with the most effective weight loss, but decreased in the subgroup of children with weight gain. CONCLUSIONS: PYY is negatively correlated to the degree of overweight, with reduced values in obese compared with normal-weight children. Decreased PYY levels could predispose subjects to develop obesity. Our results indicate that low pretreatment PYY levels that increase during weight loss may be a predictor of maintained weight loss. FAU - Roth, Christian L
Muscle force and endurance in untreated and human growth hormone or insulin-like growth factor-I-treated patients with growth hormone deficiency or Laron syndrome.$$$ Muscle force and endurance of four muscle groups (biceps, triceps, hamstrings and quadriceps) were measured by a computerized device in three groups: (A) 4 boys with isolated growth hormone deficiencies (IGHD) examined before at 10 and 24 months of hGH treatment; (B) 5 children (2 F, 3 M) with Laron syndrome were examined 3.5-4 years after initiation of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) treatment, and (C) comprised 8 untreated adults (5 F, 3 M) with Laron syndrome. For each patient, 2 matched controls, by age, sex, physical activity and height below the 50th percentile, were examined. GH- or IGF-I-deficient patients before treatment revealed reduced muscle force and endurance. GH treatment (0.6 U/kg/week) restored muscle force and endurance, progressively, mainly in the boys with puberty. Three to 4 years of IGF-I treatment (150 micrograms/kg/day) in patients with Laron syndrome proved to have a weaker effect than GH in restoring muscle force. The difference in effectiveness between hGH and IGF-I in restoring muscle force may be due to either the more marked muscle underdevelopment in Laron syndrome patients than in patients with IGHD or a difference in action potential between the two hormones. FAU - Brat, O
Final height of short normal children treated with growth hormone.$$$ BACKGROUND: Short-term studies have demonstrated acceleration of growth rate following administration of biosynthetic human growth hormone (r-hGH) to short normal children. We describe the effect of such treatment on final height. METHODS: This was an open study of consecutive referrals to a growth disorder clinic from which 16 short children (height standard deviation score [SDS] -2.17 [range -1.8 to -3.3]; height velocity SDS -0.44 [0.33]; peak serum GH response to stimulation 27.9 mU/L [9.2] were treated with r-hGH, and 7 short children who declined treatment (height SDS -2.34 [0.61]; height velocity SDS -0.36 [0.28]; peak serum GH response 28.2 mU/L [6.8]) acted as an observation group. Subcutaneous r-hGH dose ranged between 12.2 and 21.0 U/m2 per week (0.02-0.04 mg/kg per day) for the first 2 years of treatment and 20 U/m2 per week thereafter, 3 untreated children were lost to long-term follow-up. FINDINGS: r-hGH significantly increased the difference in final height compared with pretreatment predicted height (+0.42 SDS [0.79], p = 0.03) but this change was not significantly greater than that of the observation group (+0.16 SDS [0.20]). Treatment had no effect on the timing of puberty. Boys progressed slightly faster through puberty, associated with an acceleration in bone-age maturation. No untoward effects on glucose metabolism were observed. Long-term therapy did not alter body-fat distribution or blood pressure. INTERPRETATION: Long-term therapy in this group of children appears safe but the small increment in final height, approximately 2.8 cm in boys and 2.5 cm in girls, does not justify the widespread use of r-hGH for short normal children. FAU - Hindmarsh, P C
Care of girls and women with Turner syndrome: a guideline of the Turner Syndrome Study Group.$$$ OBJECTIVES: The objective of this work is to provide updated guidelines for the evaluation and treatment of girls and women with Turner syndrome (TS). PARTICIPANTS: The Turner Syndrome Consensus Study Group is a multidisciplinary panel of experts with relevant clinical and research experience with TS that met in Bethesda, Maryland, April 2006. The meeting was supported by the National Institute of Child Health and unrestricted educational grants from pharmaceutical companies. EVIDENCE: The study group used peer-reviewed published information to form its principal recommendations. Expert opinion was used where good evidence was lacking. CONSENSUS: The study group met for 3 d to discuss key issues. Breakout groups focused on genetic, cardiological, auxological, psychological, gynecological, and general medical concerns and drafted recommendations for presentation to the whole group. Draft reports were available for additional comment on the meeting web site. Synthesis of the section reports and final revisions were reviewed by e-mail and approved by whole-group consensus. CONCLUSIONS: We suggest that parents receiving a prenatal diagnosis of TS be advised of the broad phenotypic spectrum and the good quality of life observed in TS in recent years. We recommend that magnetic resonance angiography be used in addition to echocardiography to evaluate the cardiovascular system and suggest that patients with defined cardiovascular defects be cautioned in regard to pregnancy and certain types of exercise. We recommend that puberty should not be delayed to promote statural growth. We suggest a comprehensive educational evaluation in early childhood to identify potential attention-deficit or nonverbal learning disorders. We suggest that caregivers address the prospect of premature ovarian failure in an open and sensitive manner and emphasize the critical importance of estrogen treatment for feminization and for bone health during the adult years. All individuals with TS require continued monitoring of hearing and thyroid function throughout the lifespan. We suggest that adults with TS be monitored for aortic enlargement, hypertension, diabetes, and dyslipidemia. FAU - Bondy, Carolyn A
Pelvic ultrasound examination in girls with precocious puberty is a useful adjunct in gonadotrophin-releasing hormone analogue therapy monitoring.$$$ OBJECTIVE: As there are no standard criteria for monitoring suppression during treatment of central precocious puberty (CPP) with gonadotrophin-releasing hormone analogues (GnRHa), we assessed the use of pelvic ultrasound examination for this purpose. DESIGN/PATIENTS/MEASUREMENTS: In 31 girls with CPP, transabdominal pelvic ultrasound examination was performed before initiation of therapy with GnRHa, after approximately 3 and 6 months, at last treatment visit and after its discontinuation. RESULTS: Three months after treatment initiation, there was a significant decrease in most uterine and ovarian parameters, with at least three parameters decreased in each patient. Endometrial echo was found in 80% of girls before therapy, in 52% (13/25) after 3 months of therapy, in 24% (6/25) after 6 months and in none on the last treatment visit (P < 0·001). In the course of treatment (mean therapy duration 2·5 ± 0·9 years), uterine parameters showed no significant change; ovarian parameters initially showed a decrease and later a modest increase although they were still smaller than before therapy. Within 3-11 months after therapy discontinuation, endometrial echo was detected in 85%, with a significant increase in uterine and ovarian parameters. CONCLUSIONS: This prospective study indicates that comparison of individual ultrasound measurements throughout the course of treatment in girls with CPP provides a valid assessment of the suppression of the hypothalamo-pituitary-gonadal axis achieved GnRH therapy. Uterine parameters and absence of endometrial echo were found to be better indicators of adequate suppression than ovarian parameters.
[Secular growth trends in the Chinese urban youth and its implications on public health].$$$ OBJECTIVE: To analyze the secular growth trends of the Chinese urban youth from 1979 to 2005, in order to make national intervention strategies and measures to improve their physical fitness and health. METHODS: Subjects were sampled from 16 provincial-capital cities in China. They were all Han primary and secondary school students aged 7 to 18 years. The increments of stature, weight and BMI, and the increments per decade of these indicators at different stages were analyzed. RESULTS: In recent 26 years, the overall increments were 6.5 and 4.7 cm for stature, and 8.9 and 5.2 kg for weight, for boys and girls, respectively. Swiftest rates were found in the period of 1985-1995, with the increments which were as high as 3.8 and 3.0 cm/decade for height, and 4.7 and 3.1 kg/decade for weight, for boys and girls respectively. These trends are still strong at present, without any tendency of going to the plateau. Advanced puberty plays the most contributing role in these trends, with the peak height rates being 2.4 cm/decade for girls at the age of 12 and 3.3 cm/decade for boys at the age of 14, respectively. The increments of adult height were 3.2 and 2.1 cm, while the rates were 1.2 and 0.8 cm/decade, for males and females, respectively. The distributing curves of BMI show an accelerating tendency of going to the right side, which suggests that the prevalence of childhood obesity is increasing rapidly. CONCLUSION: China is now experiencing an overall and positive secular trend, which is reflected not only by the accelerating physical growth in childhood, advanced puberty, and steady increments of adult height, but also by the dramatic changes of body shape. We should not only feel proud of the achievements of these secular growth changes and the active socioeconomic influences, but also pay much attention to their negative effects, especially those that may induce the dangers of hypertension, hyperglycemia, type 2 diabetes mellitus and other adulthood diseases, as well as the disease risks of metabolic syndrome that may even occur early in childhood and adolescence. FAU - Ji, Cheng-ye
Teenage obesity in relation to breast cancer risk.$$$ While most studies show a higher body mass in Western women to be positively associated with an increased breast cancer risk in postmenopausal women, they show a negative association in the case of premenopausal women. A review of case-control and cohort studies suggest that such protection applies mainly to obesity in teenage girls, whereas obesity appearing after the teenage years is more likely to be associated with a higher risk of postmenopausal breast cancer. The mechanisms are uncertain. There is evidence that obesity and the components of the Western diet can independently provoke hyperinsulinaemic insulin resistance at puberty, and in adolescent girls this has been related to evidence of abnormal ovarian steroidogenesis and anovulation. This may decrease promotion of mammary carcinogenesis. If however, obesity continues after the teenage years, the higher concentration of insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF1) associated with hyperinsulinaemia can interact with oestrogen receptors in mammary epithelium to lead to increased proliferative activity. This review postulates that the observed protective effect of early obesity against premenopausal breast cancer is likely to be replaced by an increased risk of postmenopausal breast cancer if obesity continues after the teenage years. The manifestation of breast cancer is merely postponed to an older age. Recent prospective and case-control studies suggest that increased bioavailability of IGF1 is a marker of increased breast cancer risk in premenopausal women. Nutritional intake in early life may programme later activity in the growth hormone-IGF1 axis and influence the progression of transformed cells in mammary tissue. The question remains whether deliberate weight loss can reverse the effects of weight gain. FAU - Stoll, B A
High prevalence of polycystic ovary syndrome in women born small for gestational age.$$$ BACKGROUND: There is evidence that intrauterine growth restriction, resulting in newborn girls that are small for gestational age (SGA), may be related to the onset of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Thus, we studied whether women born SGA have a higher prevalence of PCOS than women born appropriate for gestational age (AGA). METHODS: This was a prospective birth cohort study of 384 women born at term between June 1, 1978, and May 31, 1979, in Ribeirão Preto, Brazil. After exclusion, 165 women effectively participated in this study, of whom 43 were SGA and 122 were AGA. The prevalence of PCOS was analysed. At a mean age of 29 years, the women agreed to follow the study protocol, which included: anamnesis, physical examination, serum tests [follicle stimulating hormone, luteinizing hormone, total and free testosterone, dehydroepiandrostenedione sulphate, 17-OH-progesterone, fasting insulin, sex steroid-binding globulin (SHBG) and fasting glucose] and pelvic ultrasound. Data regarding gestational age, birthweight, age at menarche and maternal data were obtained from the files of the cohort. The adjusted relative risk (RR) values of the SGA, insulin resistance, body mass index, maternal smoking and parity variables were analysed using Poisson regression with robust adjustment of variance for the prediction of PCOS. RESULTS: The prevalence of PCOS was higher in the SGA group than in the AGA group [adjusted RR = 2.44, 95% CI (1.39-4.28)]. Hyperandrogenism was more prevalent in the SGA women than in the AGA women (P = 0.011). Circulating SHBG was lower in the SGA women than in the AGA women (P = 0.041), but fasting insulinemia was similar in both groups. CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of PCOS in SGA women was twice as high as in AGA women in our study population. FAU - Melo, A S
Growth hormone deficiency in children and adolescents with cerebral palsy: relation to gross motor function and degree of spasticity.$$$ Children with Cerebral Palsy (CP) often have poor linear growth during childhood with short final height. Thus, we aimed to assess serum growth hormone (GH), insulin like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) and insulin like growth factor binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) levels among CP patients and their relation to each of gross motor function and degree of spasticity. Fifty CP children and adolescents were studied in comparison to 50 healthy age-, sex- and pubertal stage-matched children and adolescents. All subjects were subjected to clinical evaluation, Intelligence Quotient (IQ) assessment and measurement of serum GH, IGF-1 and IGFBP-3. All auxological and hormonal parameters were significantly lower among cases. Fifty two% of cases were GH-deficient and 62% had reduced IGF-land IGFBP-3 levels. Gross Motor Function Measure- 88 (GMFM-88) score correlated negatively with each of basal (r = -0.71, p = 0.02) and peak stimulated GH (r =-0.88, p = <0.001); IGF-1 (r = -0.64, p = 0.04) and IGFBP-3 (r = -0.69, p = 0.031). There were significant negative correlations between the degree of spasticity assessed by Modified Ashworth Scale and each of basal (r = -0.61, p = 0.032) and peak stimulated GH (r = -0.78, p = 0.01); IGF-1 (r = -0.65, p = 0.041) and IGFBP-3 (r = -0.62, p = 0.035). Growth Hormone Deficiency (GHD) is prevalent in children with CP and could be one of the causes of their short stature. FAU - Hamza, Rasha T
Changes in the Expression of Serum MiR-887-5p in Patients With Endometrial Cancer.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The purpose of the study was to examine whether miR-887-5p could be used as a diagnostic marker for endometrial cancer. METHODS: In the first stage, differentially expressed serum micro-RNAs (miRNAs) in the sera of 50 healthy subjects and 50 patients with endometrial cancer were screened by performing Solexa sequencing. In addition, differential expression of these serum miRNAs in endometrial cancer tissues and adjacent normal tissues from 3 patients with endometrial cancer was examined. Comparison of the differentially expressed miRNAs showed that miR-887-5p was significantly expressed in the sera of patients with endometrial cancer as well as in endometrial cancer tissues. In the second stage, quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction was performed to verify the levels of miR-887-5p in the sera of 20 patients with endometrial cancer and of 20 healthy subjects. RESULTS: Expression of miR-887-5p was significantly increased in the sera of patients with endometrial cancer (P < 0.05) compared with that in the sera of healthy subjects. Receiver operating characteristic curve analysis showed that the area of miR-887-5 under the ROC curve for endometrial cancer diagnosis was 0.728, specificity was 0.60, sensitivity was 0.95, and 95% confidence interval was 0.563-0.892. Besides, with strict screen, we eliminate the other risk factors of endometrial cancer in our healthy donors and cancer patients. Statistical analysis of data obtained for patients in the 2 stages by using SPSS version 17.0 indicated that menarche age (P = 0.47, P = 0.49), body mass index (P = 0.313, P = 0.749), history of hypertension (P = 0.517, P = 0.058), and diabetes (P = 0.205, P = 0.507) had no correlation with endometrial cancer. CONCLUSION: Serum miR-887-5p levels were significantly increased in patients with endometrial cancer. Therefore, serum miR-887-5p could be used as a potential biomarker for endometrial cancer. FAU - Jiang, Yan
Better nutritional status in early childhood is associated with improved clinical outcomes and survival in patients with cystic fibrosis.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the relationship between nutritional status early in life and the timing and velocity of height growth, lung function, complications of cystic fibrosis, and survival. STUDY DESIGN: Prospective, observational study using data from the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation Registry (US) for patients born between 1989 and 1992 (n = 3142). RESULTS: Weight-for-age percentile (WAP) at 4 years of age was positively associated with height-for-age percentiles throughout childhood. Age 4 years WAP >10% was associated with better lung function from 6-18 years of age. In boys and girls with current WAP >50%, peak pubertal height velocities approximated but remained lower than that of the healthy reference population. By age 18 years, patients with an age 4 years WAP >50% suffered fewer acute pulmonary exacerbations, spent fewer days in the hospital, and had lower rates of impaired glucose tolerance or diabetes. Patients attaining higher age 4 years WAP and height-for-age percentiles had a survival advantage throughout childhood. CONCLUSION: For the population studied, greater weight at age 4 years is associated with greater height, better pulmonary function, fewer complications of cystic fibrosis, and better survival through age 18 years. Furthermore, greater weight-for-age in the peripubertal period is associated on average with improved tempo and timing of pubertal height growth.
Does low birth weight predict obesity/overweight and metabolic syndrome in elementary school children?$$$ BACKGROUND: We undertook this study to explore the relationship between birth weight (BW) and childhood overweight and obesity (OW/OB) and metabolic syndrome (MS). METHODS: This was a cross-sectional assessment performed in 10 elementary public schools in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Participants were 1027 students aged 9.4 +/- 2.1 years. No interventions were done. We measured the association between BW in children and OW/OB and MS at 9 years of age. RESULTS: Of the total number of children, 164 (16.0%) were OB (BMI >95(th) percentile) and 169 (16.5%) were OW [(body mass index (BMI) > or =85(th), <95(th) percentile); 61% were at Tanner 1. All students came from low socioeconomic families. The prevalence of low (< or =2500 g), normal, and high BW (> or =4000 g) was 7.0% (n = 72), 83.7% (n = 860), and 9.3% (n = 95), respectively. MS prevalence was 5.5%. There was a significant difference in mean BMI sd score (SDS) between low BW (0.07), normal BW (0.54) and high BW (0.99). There was a significant difference in mean BMI, BMI SDS, waist circumference (WC), WC SDS, and systolic blood pressure between low, normal, and high BW groups. In separate logistic regression models, low BW proved to be a protective factor against OW/OB [OR 0.32 (95% CI 0.16-0.63)], whereas high BW was associated with a higher OW/OB risk adjusted for age and sex [OR 2.48 (95% CI 1.62-3.81)]. The risk of MS was high for those with high BW [OR 3.16 (95% CI 1.38-7.24)] and not significant for those with low BW adjusted for age and sex. CONCLUSIONS: Our data indicate that low BW is not associated with OW/OB or with MS in children, whereas high BW correlates with childhood OW/OB and MS. FAU - Hirschler, Valeria
Lowering Saturated Fat and Increasing Vegetable and Fruit Intake May Increase Insulin Sensitivity 2 Years Later in Children with a Family History of Obesity.$$$ BACKGROUND: Identifying dietary factors that determine insulin sensitivity and secretion in children entering puberty may provide valuable information for the early prevention of type 2 diabetes. OBJECTIVES: We assessed whether macronutrients and food groups are longitudinally associated with insulin sensitivity and secretion over a 2-y period in children with a family history of obesity, and whether associations differ by level of adiposity. METHODS: Data were derived from the Quebec Adipose and Lifestyle Investigation in Youth (QUALITY) Study, an ongoing prospective cohort including 630 children recruited at ages 8-10 y, with ≥1 obese parent, and followed 2 y later (n = 564). The intake of macronutrients and foods was assessed at baseline using three 24-h dietary recalls. At age 10-12 y, insulin sensitivity was assessed by the Matsuda Insulin Sensitivity Index (ISI) and the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance. Insulin secretion was assessed by the ratio of the area under the curve of insulin to the area under the curve of glucose at 30 min and at 120 min of an oral-glucose-tolerance test. Multivariable linear regression models were fitted for each dietary factor while adjusting for age, sex, puberty, physical activity, screen time, total energy intake, and percentage of body fat; and interaction terms between dietary factors and percentage of body fat were tested. RESULTS: Saturated fat intake was associated with a 1.95% lower (95% CI: -3.74%, -0.16%) Matsuda ISI, whereas vegetable and fruit intake was associated with a 2.35% higher (95% CI: 0.18%, 4.52%) Matsuda ISI 2 y later. The association of saturated fat intake with insulin sensitivity was most deleterious among children with a higher percentage of body fat (P-interaction = 0.023). Other than fiber intake, no longitudinal associations between dietary intake and insulin secretion were found. CONCLUSIONS: Lowering saturated fat and increasing vegetable and fruit intakes during childhood may improve insulin sensitivity as children enter puberty. This study was registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov as NCT03356262. FAU - Van Hulst, Andraea
Lean Body Mass and Bone Health in Urban Adolescents From Northern India.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To prepare percentile charts of lean body mass (LBM) among Indian urban children and adolescents; and to evaluate gender differences in LBM, and its relation with pubertal status. DESIGN: Secondary data analysis. SETTING: School in city of Delhi, India. PARTICIPANTS: 1403 apparently healthy children and adolescents (826 boys) with mean (SD) age 13.2 (2.7) years. OUTCOME MEASURE: Lean body mass assessed by dual energy absorptiometry. RESULTS: Total and regional lean mass were greater in older age groups in both sexes. LBM showed rising trends up to the age of 18 years in boys, whereas it plateaued after the age of 15 years in girls. The age-associated increase in LBM was significantly higher in boys (130%) compared to girls (83%) (P<0.001). Total and regional lean mass increased with progression of pubertal staging in both genders. During pubertal development, LBM almost doubled (100% increase) from stage-2 to stage-5 in boys, as opposed to a 73% rise in girls (P<0.001). Total and regional lean mass and Appendicular skeletal muscle mass index (ASMI) was positively correlated with age, body mass index (BMI), serum 25(OH)D, total fat mass, and bone mineral content (BMC). Relation between LBM and BMC remained significant even after adjusting for age, fat mass and various biochemical parameters. CONCLUSION: Total and regional LBM rise with age and pubertal maturation in both genders, but more so in boys when compared to girls. LBM has direct bearing on BMC even after adjusting for age, fat mass and biochemical parameters. FAU - Marwaha, Raman K
Association of age at menarche with metabolic syndrome and its components in rural Bangladeshi women.$$$ BACKGROUND: Early age at menarche is associated with increased risk of metabolic syndrome in both China and the West. However, little is known about the impact of age at menarche and metabolic syndrome in South Asian women, including those from low-income country, where age at menarche is also falling. The aim of the present study was to investigate whether age at menarche is inversely associated with metabolic syndrome in Bangladeshi women, who are mostly poor and have limited access to and or poor health care facilities. METHODS: This community-based cross-sectional study was performed using 1423 women aged between 15-75 years from rural Bangladesh in 2009 and 2010. Metabolic syndrome was defined according to standard NCEP-ATP III criteria. Logistic regression was used to estimate the association between age at menarche and metabolic syndrome, with adjustment of potential confounding variables, including age, education, marital status, tobacco users, use of contraceptives and number of pregnancies. RESULTS: Early onset of menarche (<12 years) as compared to late onset (>13 years) was found to be associated with a higher prevalence of metabolic syndrome (odds ratio=1.55; 95 % confidence interval =1.05-2.30). Age at onset of menarche was also inversely associated with prevalence of high triglycerides (P for trend <0.01) and low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P for trend = 0.01), but positively associated with prevalence of high fasting blood glucose (P for trend =0.02). However, no significant association was found between age at menarche, high blood pressure and elevated waist circumference. CONCLUSION: Early onset of menarche might promote or trigger development of metabolic syndrome. Thus, knowledge of the history of age at onset of menarche may be critical in identifying women at risk of developing metabolic syndrome and those likely to benefit the most from early interventions. FAU - Akter, Shamima
Growth without growth hormone receptor: estradiol is a major growth hormone-independent regulator of hepatic IGF-I synthesis.$$$ The role of estrogens in the regulation of pubertal growth independently of GH and its receptor was studied in male mice with disrupted GHRKO. E(2) rescued skeletal growth rates in GHRKO associated with an increase in hepatic and serum IGF-I. These data show that E(2) rescues pubertal growth during GH resistance through a novel mechanism of GHR-independent stimulation of hepatic IGF-I production. INTRODUCTION: Growth hormone (GH) and estrogen play a pivotal role in pubertal growth and bone mineral acquisition. Estrogens can affect GH secretion and thereby provide a GH-dependent mechanism for their effects on skeletal growth. It is presently unclear if or to what extent estrogens are able to regulate pubertal growth and bone mineral accrual independently of GH and its receptor. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Estradiol (E(2); 0.03 mug/day by subcutaneous silastic implants) was administered to orchidectomized (ORX) male mice with disrupted GHR (GHRKO) and corresponding WTs during late puberty (6-10 weeks). Longitudinal and radial bone growth, IGF-I in serum and its expression in liver, muscle, and bone, and liver gene expression were studied by histomorphometry, RIA, RT-PCR, microarrays, and Western blotting, respectively. RESULTS: E(2) stimulated not only longitudinal (femur length and growth plate thickness) and radial growth (cortical thickness and periosteal perimeter), but also rescued longitudinal and periosteal growth rates in ORX GHRKO, whereas no significant changes occurred in WT. E(2) thereby upregulated serum IGF-I and liver IGF-I synthesis (+21% and +52%, respectively) in ORX GHRKO, whereas IGF-I synthesis in femur or muscle was unaffected. Study of the underlying mechanism of the stimulation of hepatic IGF-I expression showed that E(2) restored downregulated receptor signaling systems, such as the estrogen receptor alpha and the prolactin receptor. E(2) thereby recovered the Janus kinase (JAK)/signal transducers and activators of transcription (STAT) pathway as evidenced by a significantly increased activation of the transcription factor STAT5 in ORX GHRKO. CONCLUSIONS: Our data show a stimulation of skeletal growth through upregulation of hepatic IGF-I by a hormone other than GH. E(2) rescues pubertal skeletal growth during GH resistance through a novel mechanism of GHR-independent stimulation of IGF-I synthesis in the liver. FAU - Venken, Katrien
Growth Hormone Excess in Children with Optic Pathway Tumors Is a Transient Phenomenon.$$$ BACKGROUND/AIMS: Growth hormone (GH) excess in children with chiasmal optic pathway tumors (OPT), often associated with neurofibromatosis type 1 (NF1), is likely underrecognized. These children have elevated insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) levels, evidence of rapid growth despite treatment of precocious puberty, and failure to suppress GH levels following oral glucose challenge. The aim of this report is to describe the treatment course and natural history of this rare clinical condition in 7 patients. METHODS: This is a descriptive case series of 5 children previously described and 2 additional children more recently diagnosed at our institution. All 7 children had clinical and biochemical evidence of GH excess and received treatment with the somatostatin analog octreotide. RESULTS: Length of treatment varied among the patients. Five of the 7 patients have had resolution of GH excess and currently have normal IGF-1 levels without treatment. CONCLUSIONS: Unrestrained GH secretion occurs in a subset of children with OPT with potential adverse outcomes. Since GH excess appears to resolve over time, the benefit of treatment to alter outcomes or prevent tumor progression is unclear.
Bone mineral density in prepubertal children with beta-thalassemia: correlation with growth and hormonal data.$$$ Patients with beta-thalassemia major (beta-thalassemia) frequently have bone disorders of multifactorial etiology. We attempted to analyze the relationship between the bone mineral density ([BMD] measured by dual-photon absorptiometry) and auxanologic parameters, degree of siderosis, function of the growth hormone (GH)/insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I)/IGF-binding protein-3 (IGFBP3) axis, calcium-phosphate balance, parathyroid hormone (PTH), and cytokines (interleukin-1beta [IL-1] and tumor necrosis factor-alpha [TNF-alpha]) in 30 prepubertal children with beta-thalassemia major and 15 age-matched children with constitutional short stature (CSS), who have normal glucose tolerance and thyroid function. Children with beta-thalassemia had a significantly decreased BMD and mean BMD% for age and sex (0.75+/-0.24 g/cm2 and 71%+/-10%, respectively) versus children with CSS (1.06+/-0.3 g/cm2 and 92%+/-7%, respectively). Thalassemic patients had significantly lower circulating concentrations of IGF-I and IGFBP3 (49+/-21 ng/mL and 1.2+/-0.25 mg/L, respectively) compared with control children (153+/-42 ng/mL and 2.1+/-0.37 mg/L, respectively). The GH response to provocation by clonidine and glucagon was defective (peak GH < 7 microg/L) in 12 of the 30 thalassemic children. Serum concentrations of IL-1beta and TNF-alpha did not differ among the two study groups. Hypocalcemia was detected in five of the 30 thalassemic patients: hypoparathyroidism was diagnosed in two of the five and rickets in the other three. BMD was highly correlated with the circulating concentrations of IGF-I and IGFBP3, as well as with the auxanologic parameters (age, weight, height, height standard deviation score [HSDS], and body mass index [BMI]). It is suggested that increasing the circulating IGF-I concentration through aggressive nutritional therapy and/or GH/IGF-I therapy with supplementation with vitamin D and/or calcium might improve bone growth and mineralization and prevent the development of osteoporosis and consequent fractures in these patients. Such therapy requires blinded controlled trials. FAU - Soliman, A T
Multiple Effects of Growth Hormone in the Body: Is it Really the Hormone for Growth?$$$ In this review, we analyze the effects of growth hormone on a number of tissues and organs and its putative role in the longitudinal growth of an organism. We conclude that the hormone plays a very important role in maintaining the homogeneity of tissues and organs during the normal development of the human body or after an injury. Its effects on growth do not seem to take place during the fetal period or during the early infancy and are mediated by insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) during childhood and puberty. In turn, IGF-I transcription is dependent on an adequate GH secretion, and in many tissues, it occurs independent of GH. We propose that GH may be a prohormone, rather than a hormone, since in many tissues and organs, it is proteolytically cleaved in a tissue-specific manner giving origin to shorter GH forms whose activity is still unknown. FAU - Devesa, Jesús
[Fatty liver disease, insulin resistance and adiponectin in an obese pediatric population].$$$ INTRODUCTION: To study the clinical and laboratory relationships of fatty liver disease in a group of obese children and to investigate whether circulating adiponectin is related to fatty liver disease. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Two hundred-ninety obese patients (age 4-18 years) were studied. Baseline body mass index-standard deviation score (BMI-SDS), acanthosis nigricans, blood pressure, plasma lipids, uric acid, alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and adiponectin were assessed, and a standard oral glucose tolerance test was performed. Insulin resistance (RI) was estimated by the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) and liver steatosis was assessed by ultrasound (US). Children were classified as having metabolic syndrome if they met three or more of the following criteria: obesity, hypertension, hypertriglyceridemia, low HDL-cholesterol and impaired glucose metabolism. RESULTS: Fifty-two subjects (18%) had fatty liver by US and 22 (8%) had elevated ALT levels (> or =40 U/L). Subjects with steatosis were significantly older (12.2+/-2.4 frente a 11.1+/-2.9 yr), heavier (BMI-SDS: 4.5+/-1.5 frente a 3.8+/-1.3), and more RI (HOMA: 3.7+/-1.5 frente a 2.4+/-1.4), but were comparable in gender, pubertal status and racial distribution to those with normal US. The prevalence of metabolic syndrome and acanthosis nigricans were also higher in the steatosis frente a the normal US group. Serum adiponectin concentration was inversely correlated with age, HOMA, ALT and uric acid and directly correlated with HDL-cholesterol. In a multiple logistic regression analysis, BMI-SDS, HOMA and serum adiponectin, but not age, uric acid or triglycerides, were the covariates independently associated with the presence of steatosis (odds ratio 1.4 [1.1-1.9]; 1.3 [1.1-1.6] and 0.9 [0.8-0.9], respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Obesity and RI are risk factors for liver steatosis in children and adolescents. Decreased serum adiponectin is closely and independently associated with steatosis. FAU - López-Capapé, M
Evolving diagnosis of McCune-Albright syndrome. atypical presentation and follow up.$$$ The diagnosis of McCune-Albright syndrome has classically consisted of the triad of gonadotropin-independent precocious puberty (GIPP), café-au-lait (CAL) spots and fibrous dysplasia of bone. Atypical or incomplete forms of the syndrome have been reported in the literature, with only one or two of the classical symptoms present, and the diagnosis being made after molecular analysis. Therefore not all three classical findings need to be present for the diagnosis to be made. We report a patient who was suspected of having McCune-Albright syndrome after presenting initially with GIPP at age 2 years 10 months. At age 10 years 1 month, a CAL spot appeared and, after reviewing previous imaging studies, a bone cyst was found. Molecular analysis in peripheral leucocytes was negative. We reviewed similar cases described in the literature. FAU - Medina, Yeray Nóvoa
Relevance of IGF-I, IGFBP-3, and IGFBP-2 measurements during GH treatment of GH-deficient and non-GH-deficient children and adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: Little information is available on the relevance of parameters representing the insulin-like growth factor (IGF) system with regard to growth hormone (GH) treatment during childhood. In adults, high IGF-I levels were found to be associated with side effects and long-term risks. AIM/METHOD: Our aim was to monitor the serum levels of IGF-I, IGF-binding protein (IGFBP) 3, and IGFBP-2 during long-term GH treatment of 156 patients with GH deficiency (GHD) and of 153 non-GHD patients. We determined the extent to which the IGF parameters exceed the normal ranges and identified those parameters which are predictive of 1st-year growth. RESULTS: In prepubertal GHD children, the levels of IGF-I, IGFBP-3, and IGF-I/IGFBP-3 exceeded the 95th centile of the reference values for this age group in 2.3, 0.3, and 7.9% of the cases, respectively, whereas in prepubertal non-GHD children, the same parameters exceeded the 95th reference centile in 20.1, 3.5, and 32.2%, respectively. In pubertal GHD children IGF-I, IGFBP-3, and IGF-I/IGFBP-3 levels exceeded the 95th reference centile in 11.1, 1.5, and 15.4%, respectively. In pubertal non-GHD children, these levels also exceeded the 95th centile in 26.7, 7.0, and 41.4%, respectively. In both GHD and non-GHD groups, however, some patients had IGF parameters which were below the reference values. Our analysis showed that, in both groups, in addition to maximum GH, all IGF parameters (IGF-I, IGFBP-3, IGF-I/IGFBP-3 ratio, IGFBP-2 or derivatives) significantly extend the scope of a calculated model for predicting 1st-year height velocity. CONCLUSION: For reasons of safety and optimization of GH therapy, it is essential to follow up IGF-I, IGFBP-3, and IGFBP-2 levels regularly during childhood.
Longitudinal behavior of autoimmune GH deficiency: from childhood to transition age.$$$ BACKGROUND: Some cases of apparently idiopathic GH deficiency (GHD) may be caused by pituitary autoimmunity. OBJECTIVE: To study the variations in pituitary function and antipituitary antibodies (APA) from childhood to transition age in patients with apparently idiopathic GHD. DESIGN: We conducted a longitudinal study. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Pituitary function and APA detection by immunofluorescence were investigated in 24 childhood patients with isolated GHD before starting recombinant GH therapy and after the stopping of this therapy in transition age. Sera of patients positive for APA were processed by double immunofluorescence to identify their pituitary target. RESULTS: At diagnosis, 16 out of 24 patients were APA positive targeting only somatotrophs (group 1), while the remaining eight were APA negative (group 2). When retested off therapy, 12 out of 16 patients in group 1 persisted being APA positive, while the remaining four became negative with recovery of pituitary function. All patients in group 2 persisted being APA negative but still showing GHD. Of the 12 patients persistently APA positive, eight with confirmed GHD showed APA still targeting somatotrophs, whereas four showed APA targeting only gonadotrophs associated with isolated hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (HH). CONCLUSION: Patients with APA at middle but not at high titer in childhood may show a remission of autoimmune GHD in childhood after GH replacement therapy. As APA may shift their target in transition period, an early characterization of APA by double immunofluorescence is advisable in APA positive GHD patients showing delayed puberty, to allow an early diagnosis and an appropriate therapy, thus preventing the progression toward HH.
Bone mass development is sensitive to insulin resistance in adolescent boys.$$$ PURPOSE: Insulin resistance may exert a negative influence on bone mass in childhood and adolescence. The objective was to assess the association between insulin resistance and total body less head (TBLH) bone mineral content (BMC) and to investigate whether body composition, physical activity or osteocalcin levels may influence this association. METHODS: A longitudinal study with follow-up over more than 6 years was performed and included 562 apparently healthy participants with a mean age of 9.6 years at baseline. Participants underwent DXA scanning at baseline. At the two follow-ups, participants had performed another DXA scanning, had blood samples taken for fasting insulin, glucose and osteocalcin and had physical activity measured with an accelerometer. HOMA-IR was calculated as an index of insulin resistance. RESULTS: HOMA-IR was negatively associated with TBLH BMC in boys at follow-ups (β = -31.4, p < 0.001) after adjustment for maturity, height, bone area, and baseline level of TBLH BMC. The negative association remained almost unchanged after further adjustments for body composition and physical activity. No association between HOMA-IR and TBLH BMC was found in girls. CONCLUSION: Insulin resistance may be detrimental for bone development through puberty in boys independent of body composition and the level of physical activity.
A New Model of Adult Height Prediction Validated in Boys with Constitutional Delay of Growth and Puberty.$$$ BACKGROUND: For children with retarded bone ages such as in constitutional delay of growth and puberty (CDGP) there are no specific methods to predict adult height based on bone age. Widely used methods such as Bayley-Pinneau (BP) tend to overestimate adult height in CDGP. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to develop a specific adult height prediction model for teenage boys with retarded bone ages >1 year. METHODS: Based on the adult heights of 68 males (median age 22.5 years) a new height prediction model was calculated based on 105 height measurements and bone age determinations at a median age of 14.0 years. The new model was adapted for the degree of bone age retardation and validated in an independent cohort of 32 boys with CDGP. RESULTS: The BP method overestimated adult height (median +1.2 cm; p = 0.282), especially in boys with a bone age retardation ≥2 years (median +1.6 cm; p = 0.027). In the validation study, there was no significant difference between adult height and predicted adult height based on the new model (p = 0.196), while the BP model led to a significant overestimation of predicted adult height (median +4.1 cm; p = 0.009). CONCLUSIONS: The new model to predict adult height in boys with CDGP provides novel indices for height predictions in bone ages >13 years and is adapted to different degrees of bone age retardation. The new prediction model has a good predictive capability and overcomes some of the shortcomings of the BP model.
Ability of different measures of adiposity to identify high metabolic risk in adolescents.$$$ Introduction. This study aimed to evaluate the screening performance of different measures of adiposity: body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), and waist-to-height ratio (WHtR) for high metabolic risk in a sample of adolescents. Methods. A cross-sectional school-based study was conducted on 517 adolescents aged 15-18, from the Azorean Islands, Portugal. We measured fasting glucose, insulin, total cholesterol (TC), HDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, and systolic blood pressure. HOMA and TC/HDL-C ratio were calculated. For each of these variables, a Z-score was computed by age and sex. A metabolic risk score (MRS) was constructed by summing the Z-scores of all individual risk factors. High risk was considered when the individual had ≥1SD of this score. Receiver-operating characteristics (ROC) were used. Results. Linear regression analyses showed that, after adjusting for age and pubertal stage, all different measures of adiposity are positively and significantly associated with MRS in both sexes, with exception of WHtR for boys. BMI, WC, and WHtR performed well in detecting high MRS, indicated by areas under the curve (AUC), with slightly greater AUC for BMI than for WC and WHtR in both sexes. Conclusion. All measures of adiposity were significantly associated with metabolic risk factors in a sample of Portuguese adolescents. FAU - Moreira, Carla
Long-term treatment of growth retarded children with chronic renal insufficiency, with recombinant human growth hormone.$$$ Long-term (5 years) treatment of 20 growth-retarded pre-pubertal children with chronic renal insufficiency (CRI) led to a significant (P < 0.00005) improvement in standardized height from -2.6 at baseline to -0.7 at five years. Eight patients were paused after reaching target height (50th centile midparental height) and 4 (50%) required re-initiation of recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) because of a substantial decrease in standardized height. Growth potential was not adversely impacted with a delta height age (HA) minus delta bone age (BA) at five years of +0.5 (N = 8). The mean calculated CCr decreased from 32.2 +/- 15.2 ml/min/1.73 m2 at baseline to 24.6 +/- 14.7 ml/min/1.73 m2 at five years (P = 0.04), which would be consistent with the natural history of CRI in children. Despite the absence of clinical consequences, the increase in the mean fasting and two-hour post-prandial plasma insulin levels during treatment compared to baseline requires further investigation. The only clinically significant adverse event potentially related to rhGH was the development of avascular necrosis of the femoral head during the fourth year of treatment in one patient. Long-term rhGH treatment in children with CRI improves the potential of children with CRI achieving target adult height. FAU - Fine, R N
Maturation of the regulation of growth hormone secretion in young males with hypogonadotropic hypogonadism pharmacologically exposed to progressive increments in serum testosterone.$$$ To study the onset of the action of gonadal sex steroids on the GH axis in spontaneous puberty, which is prolonged and sparingly predictable, we present a clinical investigative paradigm in which six previously untreated boys with isolated hypogonadotropic hypogonadism were exposed to progressively higher testosterone levels designed to mimic the androgen environment recognized during the early stages of puberty. We administered three incremental doses of testosterone (25-, 50-, and 100-mg im injections), each over a period of 4 weeks. Studies of overnight pulsatile GH secretion and GH responses to GHRH alone or combined with L-arginine (a functional somatostatin antagonist) were performed before testosterone administration and after each dose of testosterone. Serum testosterone, but not estrogen, levels increased progressively in all subjects during therapy. Deconvolution analysis of GH release profiles disclosed that GH secretory burst mass was stimulated significantly even by 25 mg testosterone. This parameter was not altered further by higher doses of testosterone. Spontaneous GH secretory burst number and amplitude increased significantly only after the 50- and 100-mg testosterone treatments, after which the serum GH response to GHRH and arginine also rose significantly. In contrast, the GH response to GHRH alone was not significantly affected by any dose of testosterone. Serum testosterone levels correlated significantly with the primary parameters of nocturnal GH secretion. In summary, our experimental model suggests that in males even very small increases in circulating testosterone occurring during the earliest stages of puberty are able to amplify pulsatile GH secretion. Our concomitant secretagogue data further suggest that testosterone exerts its action at different sites in the hypothalamo-somatotropic axis, i.e. directly at the pituitary level, and also at hypothalamic loci, possibly increasing both GHRH and somatostatin release. FAU - Giustina, A
Precocious puberty associated with growth hormone deficiency in a patient with craniopharyngioma: report of one case.$$$ Isosexual precocious puberty in girls is not uncommon, but its association with craniopharyngioma and growth hormone deficiency is rarely reported. We present a patient with this combination. An 8-year-old girl developed breasts and then had menarche at 7 9/12 years old. Growth hormone deficiency was suspected due to inappropriate height and growth velocity in association with idiopathic precocity and a poor predicted adult height of 138.8 cm. Growth hormone deficiency was confirmed by clonidine and insulin stimulation tests. Intracranial lesion was suspected due to precocity associated with GH deficiency. MRI of the sella's region revealed a 1 cm mass in the hypothalamus. After surgical resection, pathology of the tumor disclosed a craniopharyngioma which has rarely been reported to cause precocious puberty. The precocious puberty regressed after surgery. Growth hormone deficiency persisted and GH therapy was given to improve growth. The growth rate of patients with both growth hormone deficiency and precocious puberty may be maintained within the normal prepubertal range by the effect of sex steroid. We suggest that in patients with central type precocity in association with an inappropriate growth status, physicians should investigate the underlying intracranial lesion, and the possibility of growth hormone deficiency. FAU - Chen, Y D
Serum ferritin and nutritional status: insights from an eating disorders clinic population.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the relationship between serum ferritin and malnutrition in newly assessed patients at a paediatric eating disorders clinic. DESIGN: This was a prospectively assessed clinical cohort study. SETTING: Intake assessment clinic of a tertiary eating disorders service for children and adolescents. METHODS: Clinical, anthropometric and laboratory features of children and adolescents were systematically measured. The relationship of serum ferritin to other clinical, anthropometric and laboratory measures was determined using linear regression. RESULTS: A total of 121 female patients aged 9.5-17.6 years were included, with body mass index (BMI) z score -5.7 to 1.9 (median -1.3). Using multiple regression, serum ferritin was inversely associated with BMI z score (regression coefficient (β)=-0.234, 95% CI -0.413 to -0.055) and serum insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) (β=-0.476, 95% CI -0.884 to -0.068) and positively associated with alanine aminotransferase (β=0.357, 95% CI 0.055 to 0.659, controlling for age, pubertal stage and serum iron). CONCLUSIONS: In malnourished adolescents with eating disorders increased serum ferritin is associated with lower BMI z score and serum IGF-1. FAU - Nemba, Kuria
Evaluation of the effects of oxandrolone on malnourished HIV-positive pediatric patients.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine the safety and efficacy of anabolic therapy to prevent or reverse wasting and malnutrition in human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-infected pediatric patients. The anabolic steroid, oxandrolone, was evaluated because of its safe and effective use in other pediatric conditions. METHODS: Nine HIV-positive children who were malnourished or at risk for malnutrition (4 females, 5 males; 4-14 years of age) took oxandrolone for 3 months (.1 mg/kg/day orally). Quantitative HIV ribonucleic acid polymerase chain reaction and CD4(+) T-cell levels, complete blood cell count (CBC) and chemistry profile, endocrinologic studies, resting energy expenditure, respiratory quotient, nutritional measures, body composition assessment with quantitative computed tomography, and skinfold body composition measurements were determined before treatment, during treatment (3 months), and for 3 months after treatment. Statistical analyses were completed using the Friedman two-way analysis of variance and Spearman correlation tests. RESULTS: No adverse clinical or laboratory events or changes in Tanner staging or virilization occurred. Quantitative HIV ribonucleic acid polymerase chain reaction and CD4(+) T-cell levels did not change significantly. Insulin-like growth factor 1 increased, suggesting an anabolic effect of treatment. The rate of weight gain increased during treatment and was maintained after treatment. Linear growth continued and was maintained throughout treatment, whereas bone age did not increase significantly. Anthropometric assessments indicated an increase in muscle mass and a decrease in fat while patients were on treatment, and a mild decrease of muscle and increased fat posttreatment. Likewise, computed tomography scan results demonstrated similar changes in muscle mass. Resting energy expenditure and respiratory quotient remained stable throughout treatment and follow-up. No significant changes were seen in the quality of life questionnaire. CONCLUSIONS: Treatment with oxandrolone for 3 months in HIV-infected children was well-tolerated, safe, and associated with markers of anabolism. The latter effect was maintained partially for 3 months after discontinuation of a 3-month course of therapy. Additional studies are needed to assess the potential benefits and risks of a longer course of therapy or a higher dose of oxandrolone in HIV-infected children. FAU - Fox-Wheeler, S
Clinical and metabolic characteristics of Turkish adolescents with polycystic ovary syndrome.$$$ The aim of this study was to investigate the clinical, endocrine, metabolic features and prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MBS) in Turkish adolescents with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and the differences in metabolic parameters between adolescent PCOS with or without the presence of polycystic ovaries (PCO) on ultrasound. Subjects (n = 77) were classified into two groups: oligomenorrhea (O) and clinical and/or biochemical hyperandrogenism (HA) (n = 38), without PCO and O + HA with PCO (n = 39). The control group consisted of 33 age-matched adolescents. Adolescents with PCOS had a significantly higher body mass index (BMI), waist circumference and levels of LH, LH/FSH ratio, triglyceride, insulin, HOMA-IR, free androgen index and lower levels of SHBG and FSH. After adjustment for BMI, LH, LH: FSH ratio remained significantly higher. Adolescents with PCOS had a higher prevalence of MBS. No significant differences in lipid profiles, insulin levels and insulin sensitivity in both the PCOS groups were seen. HDL-C levels were lower in the O + HA + PCO group compared to the controls. BMI may be the major contributing factor in the development of metabolic abnormalities in adolescents with PCOS. Impact statement Many studies have investigated the effect of PCOS on metabolic and cardiovascular risks. It is thought that PCOS increases metabolic and cardiovascular risks. Increase in metabolic and cardiovascular risks associated with PCOS may be handled with early diagnosis and early intervention of PCOS in adolescents, although the diagnosis of PCOS in adolescents could be hard because of the features of PCOS overlapping normal pubertal physiological events. However, early identification of adolescent girls with PCOS may provide opportunities for prevention of well-known health risks associated with this syndrome and reduction of long-term health consequences of PCOS by reducing androgen levels and improving metabolic profile. Our results also support that BMI may be the major contributing factor in the development of metabolic abnormalities in adolescents with PCOS. FAU - Ates, Seda
Is there an independent effect of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and menopause on the prevalence of subclinical atherosclerosis in middle aged women?$$$ Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), a common reproductive endocrine condition manifests at puberty, and is characterized by hyperandrogenism, chronic anovulation, and obesity. PCOS cases exhibit an adverse coronary heart disease (CHD) profile at an early age, including insulin resistance, dyslipidemia and increased central adiposity. It can be hypothesized that the menopausal transition, whether natural or surgical, may provide an additional "insult", resulting in greater cumulative risk to their vasculature. Coronary artery calcification (CAC), a measure of subclinical atherosclerosis (SCA), was measured by electron beam tomography in 149 PCOS cases and 166 controls (mean age 47.3 and 49.4 respectively). Cases had a higher prevalence of CAC (63.1%) compared to controls (41.0%), (p = 0.037) after adjustment for age and BMI. A total of 22 cases and 39 controls had undergone natural menopause, 12 cases and 26 controls underwent surgical menopause (with biochemical confirmation) and 115 cases and 101 controls reported being currently premenopausal. There was a significant difference in CAC values between cases and controls in all three-menopause categories including pre-menopausal, surgically induced and natural menopause (p < 0.001). Duration since menopause (years) and use of hormone replacement therapy were not different between cases and controls for the two menopause groups. Logistic regression was carried out with CAC (< or = 10 vs > 10) as the dependent variable, and independent variables: PCOS status, current age, BMI, and menopausal status, (pre-menopause, surgical and natural menopause) and selected CHD risk factors. The data indicate that women with PCOS exhibit significantly increased CAC compared to controls after adjustment for age and BMI and menopausal status. PCOS status and fasting glucose were significant risk factors for CAC (p < 0.05). Both natural and surgical menopause were independent risk factors for CAC as well (p < 0.01). HDLT was of borderline significance, p < 0.10. Further follow-up of this cohort will be valuable in determining whether PCOS status continues to affect cardiovascular risk as they undergo the menopausal transition. FAU - Talbott, Evelyn O
Rare Causes of Primary Adrenal Insufficiency: Genetic and Clinical Characterization of a Large Nationwide Cohort.$$$ CONTEXT: Primary adrenal insufficiency (PAI) is a life-threatening condition that is often due to monogenic causes in children. Although congenital adrenal hyperplasia occurs commonly, several other important molecular causes have been reported, often with overlapping clinical and biochemical features. The relative prevalence of these conditions is not known, but making a specific diagnosis can have important implications for management. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to investigate the clinical and molecular genetic characteristics of a nationwide cohort of children with PAI of unknown etiology. DESIGN: A structured questionnaire was used to evaluate clinical, biochemical, and imaging data. Genetic analysis was performed using Haloplex capture and next-generation sequencing. Patients with congenital adrenal hyperplasia, adrenoleukodystrophy, autoimmune adrenal insufficiency, or obvious syndromic PAI were excluded. SETTING: The study was conducted in 19 tertiary pediatric endocrinology clinics. PATIENTS: Ninety-five children (48 females, aged 0-18 y, eight familial) with PAI of unknown etiology participated in the study. RESULTS: A genetic diagnosis was obtained in 77 patients (81%). The range of etiologies was as follows: MC2R (n = 25), NR0B1 (n = 12), STAR (n = 11), CYP11A1 (n = 9), MRAP (n = 9), NNT (n = 7), ABCD1 (n = 2), NR5A1 (n = 1), and AAAS (n = 1). Recurrent mutations occurred in several genes, such as c.560delT in MC2R, p.R451W in CYP11A1, and c.IVS3ds+1delG in MRAP. Several important clinical and molecular insights emerged. CONCLUSION: This is the largest nationwide study of the molecular genetics of childhood PAI undertaken. Achieving a molecular diagnosis in more than 80% of children has important translational impact for counseling families, presymptomatic diagnosis, personalized treatment (eg, mineralocorticoid replacement), predicting comorbidities (eg, neurological, puberty/fertility), and targeting clinical genetic testing in the future. FAU - Guran, Tulay
Long-term follow-up of patients with elevated IGF-1 and nadir GH > 0.4 µg/L but < 1 µg/L.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To report the results of initial investigation and after 5 years of patients with a suspicious clinical scenario for acromegaly, elevated IGF-1, and nadir GH during an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) > 0.4 µg/L but < 1 µg/L. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Seventeen patients who had elevated IGF-1 (outside puberty and pregnancy) in two measurements and GH between 0.4 and 1 µg/L during OGTT were selected. RESULTS: During initial assessment, only one patient had microadenoma on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the pituitary. In this patient, IGF-1 returned to normal spontaneously after 5 years. In the remaining 16 patients, spontaneous normalization of IGF-1 was observed in four and IGF-1 continued to be elevated in 12 after 5 years. None of the latter patients developed a phenotype of acromegaly, changes in physiognomy or increase in IGF-1 and no tumor was detected by imaging methods. Two patients had nadir GH < 0.4 µg/L, while the nadir GH remained between 0.4 and 1 µg/L in 10 patients. CONCLUSION: In patients (notably young adult or adult women) without a typical phenotype in whom IGF-1 is measured due to a suspicious clinical scenario and is found to be slightly elevated, even if confirmed and in the absence of other causes, a nadir GH cut-off value of 0.4 µg/L instead of 1 µg/L in the OGTT might be inadequate for the diagnosis. FAU - Rosario, Pedro Weslley
Idiopathic Short Stature and Growth Failure of Unknown Etiology. BTI - Endotext$$$ Idiopathic short stature (ISS) is defined by a height standard deviation score (SDS) ≤ -2.25 (≤1.2nd percentile) in pediatric patients for whom diagnostic evaluation has excluded other causes of short stature, and growth hormone levels are above 10 nanograms per milliliter in response to physiologic/pharmacologic stimulation. This definition, while comprehensive, is static and does not consider the importance of longitudinal follow up of growth, and consideration of evolving causes of growth hormone deficiency in these children. Using three illustrative cases, we highlight the importance of longitudinal evaluation of children with short stature to establish a growth pattern, identifying evolving causes of GH deficiency which may not be apparent on the initial work up, as well as exclusion of non-growth hormone related factors that affect growth including malabsorptive diseases, familial short stature, constitutional delay in puberty, Turner's syndrome, and SHOX Gene haploinsufficiency to accurately make a diagnosis of growth failure of unknown etiology (GFUE). For complete coverage of all related areas of Endocrinology, please visit our on-line FREE web-text, WWW.ENDOTEXT.ORG.
Abnormal adolescent primiparous pregnancy: association of race, human chorionic somatomammotropin production, and smoking.$$$ Abnormal pregnancies (33 per cent) were studied in 417 consecutive, unmarried, primiparous women, age 12 to 18 years (black, 54 per cent; white, 46 per cent). Black patients had no increase in abnormal pregnancies but had more infants weighting less than 2,500 grams (p less than 0.01). Black patients with pre-eclampsia gained less weight than white patients (24 versus 34 pounds, p less than 0.05) and had smaller infants (2,834 versus 3,316 grams). In white patients, the mean age at menarche was earlier in women who lost their infants (11.0 versus 12.7 years; p less than 0.01). Smoking was more prevalent in normal pregnancies (47 per cent) than abnormal pregnancies (38 per cent). Spontaneous abortion and fetal loss occurred more often in smokers (p less than 0.01). White women smoked more than blacks (60 versus 37 per cent). In mothers of infants weighting less than 2,500 grams, there were fewer smokers. Unexpectedly, smokers had less hypertension and pre-eclampsia. Human chorionic somatomammotropin values correlated with infant size. Levels of less than 4 mug per milliliter after 30 weeks' gestation were identical in normal and abnormal pregnancies (4.4 per cent). They were associated with small infants but no fetal deaths and did not predict outcome of pregnancy. FAU - Hollingsworth, D R
Does adenotonsillectomy alter IGF-1 and ghrelin serum levels in children with adenotonsillar hypertrophy and failure to thrive? A prospective study.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Adenotonsillar hypertrophy (ATH) contributes to upper airway obstruction and recurrent tonsillitis in children. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of adenotonsillectomy on serum IGF-1 and ghrelin levels in children with ATH failure to thrive. METHODS: Forty pre-pubertal children with more than 5 years of age (6.57 ± 1.284 years) suffering from ATH, sleep disorder breathing, snoring, open mouth breathing and growth retardation were studied. Blood samples were taken eight hours after fasting and weight and height were measured by SECA instrument. Blood samples were centrifuged immediately and the extracted sera were stored at -70 °C in Eppendorf vials. IGF-1 and ghrelin were measured by ELISA kit. Patients with adenotonsillectomy indication underwent adenotonsillectomy and serum levels of IGF-1 and ghrelin were measured 12 months after operation. RESULTS: Weight, height and BMI were increased significantly after operation (P < 0.001). Serum IGF-1 and ghrelin levels increased significantly after operation compared to before operation (P < 0.001). CONCLUSION: Growth retardation in children with adenotonsillar hypertrophy is related to lower serum IGF-1 levels. Ghrelin levels increase before the meals and ghrelin increases hunger and food intake. The results obtained from our study confirmed that weight, height and BMI increase significantly following adenotonsillectomy; this could in turns prevent undesirable and irreversible physiological changes that occur due to adenotonsillar hypertrophy. Adenotonsillectomy in children with adenotonsillar hypertrophy and failure to thrive increases IGF-1 and Ghrelin serum levels which might contribute to the improvement in the growth pattern of the children.
The d3-growth hormone (GH) receptor polymorphism is associated with increased responsiveness to GH in Turner syndrome and short small-for-gestational-age children.$$$ CONTEXT: A protein polymorphism of the GH receptor (GHR) based on the genomic deletion of exon 3 (d3-GHR) has recently been linked to the magnitude of growth response to high-dose recombinant human GH (rhGH) therapy of short children without GH deficiency. OBJECTIVE: This study tests the novel association in two distinct groups of rhGH-treated patients, short girls with Turner syndrome and short children born small for gestational age (SGA). DESIGN: The retrospective study included all children who were treated with rhGH during the last 18 yr at our hospital. PATIENTS: Patients with Turner syndrome were defined by the specific karyotype (n = 53), short children born SGA were determined by birth length and/or weight less than -2.0 sd score and a height at start of rhGH therapy less than -2.0 sd score (n = 60). Exclusion criteria were puberty, an age less than 3.5 or more than 14 yr, and GH deficiency. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Growth prediction for the first year of therapy was calculated on the basis of rhGH dose, age, weight, height, and gender-adjusted midparental height according to the prediction models by Ranke et al. The GHR-exon 3 locus was genotyped using a PCR multiplex assay. GH, IGF-I, and IGF binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3) were measured by RIA. INTERVENTION: For growth promotion, a mean rhGH dose of 38 mug/kg.d (sd, +/-8) was administered in Turner syndrome patients and 56 mug/kg.d (sd, +/-11) in short children born SGA. RESULTS: No significant difference in height, spontaneous height velocity, IGF-I, and IGFBP-3 levels was found at the start of rhGH therapy in the three GHR genotype groups studied. At the first year of treatment, girls with Turner syndrome carrying one or two d3-GHR alleles showed a significantly higher increment in height velocity (P = 0.019) and exceeded their growth prediction significantly (P = 0.007), whereas their increments of IGF-I and IGFBP-3, weight, and height were not significantly different. Carriers of d3-GHR in the group of short children born SGA grew significantly faster than predicted (P = 0.023). However, in comparison to the carriers of full-length GHR, gain of height velocity was not significantly higher (P = 0.067). The mean gain of height associated with d3-GHR accounted for approximately 0.75 cm in SGA and 1.5 cm in Turner syndrome during the first year of rhGH therapy. CONCLUSIONS: Our data support the theory that there is increased responsiveness to high-dose rhGH in association with the d3-GHR genotype. The magnitude of this effect may depend on the primary origin of the short stature. FAU - Binder, G
Growth and chronic disease: findings in the Helsinki Birth Cohort.$$$ There is now clear evidence that the pace and pathway of early growth is a major risk factor for the development of a group of chronic diseases that include coronary heart disease, stroke, type 2 diabetes and hypertension. This has led to a new 'developmental' model for these disorders. The so-called 'fetal origins hypothesis' proposes that the disorders originate through developmental plasticity, whereby malnutrition during fetal life, infancy and early childhood permanently change the structure and function of the body, a phenomenon known as 'programming'. This paper reviews recent findings in the Helsinki Birth Cohort, which comprises 13 345 men and women born in the city during 1934-1944. There is also an older cohort comprising 7086 people born during 1924-1933. We review the paths of pre- and postnatal growth that lead to later disease. Children who later develop coronary heart disease and type 2 diabetes grow slowly during fetal life and infancy but thereafter increase their body mass indices rapidly. Those who later develop stroke grow slowly in fetal life, infancy and during childhood. We also review how the growth of girls during infancy, childhood and at puberty influences chronic disease in the next generation. FAU - Barker, David J P
IGF-1R mRNA expression is increased in obese children.$$$ OBJECTIVES: Obese children are often taller than age-matched subjects. Reports on GH and IGF-I levels in obese individuals are controversial, with normal and reduced GH-IGF-I levels having been reported in this group of patients. Thus, the aim of this study was to analyse insulin-like growth factor type 1 receptor (IGF-IR) mRNA expression in obese children. METHODS: Forty-seven pre-pubertal children were included in this study: 29 were obese and taller than their target height, and 18 were normal eutrophic controls. Fasting blood samples were collected for IGF-IR mRNA expression in isolated lymphocytes and serum IGF-I, ALS, IGFBP-3, and IGFBP-1 concentration analysis. RESULTS: Relative IGF-IR gene expression (2(-ΔΔCT)) was significantly (P=0.025) higher in obese children (median 1.87) than in controls (1.15). Fourteen of the 29 obese subjects showed 2(-ΔΔCT) values greater than or equal to 2, while only 2 individuals in the control group showed values above 2 (P=0.01). Obese children showed significantly (P=0.01) higher IGF-I concentrations than the control group (237ng/ml and 144ng/ml, respectively). Among obese patients, 65.5% had IGF-I values above the 75 percentile of the control group (P=0.02). ALS concentration was significantly (P=0.04) higher in the obese group, while IGFBP-3 levels were similar in obese and control children. IGFBP-1 concentration was lower in obese children, while insulin levels and HOMA-IR index were higher than in controls. CONCLUSIONS: The higher IGF-IR mRNA expression observed in obese children, associated with the higher IGF-I and ALS and the lower IGFBP-1 levels, suggest that the higher stature observed in these children may be due to increased IGF-I bioactivity.
Microcirculation, Adiposity, and Traditional and Emerging Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Prepubertal Children.$$$ PURPOSE: Previous studies have shown that microvascular dysfunction (MD) is associated with a number of cardiovascular risk factors, including obesity. Few studies have assessed microvascular reactivity in children, and in most of these, results were confounded by the effects of puberty. Our aim was to establish whether MD is already present in obese prepubertal children. METHODS: This cross-sectional study included 52 obese, 18 overweight, and 28 eutrophic children, with a mean ± standard deviation age of 7.44 ± 1.22 years. We evaluated cardiovascular risk factors and nutritive microvascular function by using nailfold dynamic videocapillaroscopy and determined functional capillary density (FCD), red blood cell velocity at resting conditions (RBCV) and at peak (RBCV(max)), and time to reach peak velocity during the post-occlusive reactive hyperemic response following 1 minute ischemia. RESULTS: On univariate analysis, differences in microvascular reactivity were not observed among the groups. Obese and overweight children had significantly higher scores than eutrophic children for the following parameters: body mass index, waist circumference, waist-to-height ratio, mean arterial pressure, homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance, levels of insulin, leptin, glucose, triglycerides, total cholesterol, uric acid, and C-reactive protein. Multivariate analysis demonstrated the association between metabolic, anthropometric, and microvascular variables, stratified according to the degree of adiposity and body fat distribution. CONCLUSIONS: Univariate analysis did not show any difference in microvascular reactivity between groups but, by testing these variables by multivariate means, we noticed a common and direct variation between cardiovascular/metabolic risk factors and microvascular reactivity occurring early in life. FAU - Bastos da Cunha, Carolina
Changes in insulin resistance and cardiovascular risk during adolescence: establishment of differential risk in males and females.$$$ BACKGROUND: Developmental changes in insulin resistance and cardiovascular risk were studied in youths 11 to 19 years of age. METHODS AND RESULTS: A cohort was randomly selected after blood pressure screening of Minneapolis, Minn, school children. Studies were done 3 times on this cohort and once on their siblings (996 observations on 507 individuals from 363 families). Insulin sensitivity was determined by euglycemic clamp. Body mass index and waist circumference increased similarly in both sexes from ages 11 to 19 years. Body fat decreased in males and increased in females (P<0.001). Lean body mass increased at a steeper rate in males (P<0.0001). Insulin resistance was lower in males at 11 years but increased steadily to 19 years (P=0.003); in contrast, it did not increase in females. Thus, despite being less insulin resistant at 11 years and decreasing in fatness during puberty, males became more insulin resistant than females by 19 years of age. Triglycerides increased in males and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol decreased, whereas the opposite pattern was seen in females, which resulted in higher triglycerides and lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in males at 19 years. No gender difference in low-density lipoprotein or total cholesterol was seen. Systolic blood pressure increased in both sexes but at a greater rate in boys (P=0.03). CONCLUSIONS: During the transition from late childhood through adolescence, insulin resistance in males increased in association with increased triglycerides and decreased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, despite a concurrent reduction in body fatness, whereas the opposite occurred in females. These gender-related developmental changes in insulin resistance, which were independent from changes in fatness, total cholesterol, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, are consistent with an early role for insulin resistance in the increased cardiovascular risk found in males. FAU - Moran, Antoinette
Onset of significant GH dependence of serum IGF-I and IGF-binding protein 3 concentrations in early life.$$$ Forty-eight normal full-term Chinese babies (25 boys and 23 girls) were followed up every 2 mo in the first year and every 3 mo during the second year of life for anthropometric measurements. Blood samples were taken at birth and at 6, 10, 12, and 18 mo after birth for serum GH-binding protein, IGF-I, and IGF-binding protein 3 analysis. Onset of the childhood phase of growth in the infants was determined from the growth data plotted on Infancy-Childhood-Puberty growth charts. The serum GH-binding protein concentrations were low in cord blood but rose significantly at 6 mo, with slower rises in late infancy and early childhood. However, a significant rise in serum IGF-I and IGF-binding protein 3 levels was only observed from 10 mo of life onward. The change in IGF-I between birth and 6 mo was significantly correlated with length gain (r(2) = 0.35, p < 0.05) and body mass index gain (r(2) = 0.41, p < 0.01) during the same period. The 34 infants with onset of childhood phase of growth between 6 and 10 mo had a higher mean serum IGF-I value at 10 mo (8.8 +/- 5.8 nM versus 4.9 +/- 3.1 nM; p < 0.05) and higher length velocity between 10 and 12 mo (16.3 +/- 4.7 cm/y versus 8.8 +/- 4.3 cm/y; p < 0.001) compared with the 14 infants with a later onset after 10 mo of age. A significant correlation between a change in serum IGF-I and IGF-binding protein 3 levels was observed during the three 6-mo periods between birth and 18 mo, but a significant correlation between a change in serum GH-binding protein and a change in serum IGF-I or IGF-binding protein 3 levels was only seen between 12 and 18 mo of age. The multiple regression analysis (r(2) = 0.43, p = 0.0002) revealed that the change in serum GH-binding protein and IGF-I concentrations between 6 and 12 mo of age and the age of onset of childhood phase of growth could explain 43% of the length gain between 6 and 12 mo of age in our babies. The results of our study support the hypothesis that the onset of the childhood phase of growth is associated with the onset of significant GH action on growth. FAU - Low, L C
Developmental origins of osteoporosis: the role of maternal nutrition.$$$ Osteoporosis is a major cause of morbidity and mortality through its association with age-related fractures. Although most effort in fracture prevention has been directed at retarding the rate of age-related bone loss, and reducing the frequency and severity of trauma among elderly people, evidence is growing that peak bone mass is an important contributor to bone strength during later life. The normal patterns of skeletal growth have been well characterised in cross-sectional and longitudinal studies. It has been confirmed that boys have higher bone mineral content, but not volumetric bone density, than girls. Furthermore, there is a dissociation between the peak velocities for height gain and bone mineral accrual in both genders. Puberty is the period during which volumetric density appears to increase in both axial and appendicular sites. Many factors influence the accumulation of bone mineral during childhood and adolescence, including heredity, gender, diet, physical activity, endocrine status, and sporadic risk factors such as cigarette smoking. In addition to these modifiable factors during childhood, evidence has also accrued that fracture risk might be programmed during intrauterine life. Epidemiological studies have demonstrated a relationship between birthweight, weight in infancy, and adult bone mass. This appears to be mediated through modulation of the set-point for basal activity of pituitary-dependent endocrine systems such as the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) and growth hormone/insulin-like growth factor-1 (GH/IGF-1) axes. Maternal smoking, diet (particularly vitamin D deficiency) and physical activity also appear to modulate bone mineral acquisition during intrauterine life; furthermore, both low birth size and poor childhood growth, are directly linked to the later risk of hip fracture. The optimisation of maternal nutrition and intrauterine growth should also be included within preventive strategies against osteoporotic fracture, albeit for future generations. FAU - Cooper, Cyrus
High frequency of CHD7 mutations in congenital hypogonadotropic hypogonadism.$$$ Congenital hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (CHH) is characterized by lack of normal pubertal development due to deficient gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) secretion or action, and is caused by genetic defects in several genes. Mutations in the CHD7 gene cause CHARGE syndrome (Coloboma of the eye, Heart defects, Atresia of the choanae, Retardation of growth and development, Genital hypoplasia and Ear abnormalities), but have also been found in patients with isolated CHH. The aim of this study was to identify CHD7 mutations in patients with CHH. Fifty Portuguese patients with CHH were screened for mutations in the CHD7 gene by DNA sequencing. Eight (16%) patients had CHD7 rare sequence variants that consisted of six missense (p.Gly388Glu, p.His903Pro, p.Thr1082Ile, p.Val1452Leu, p.Asp1854Gly, and p.Arg2065His) and two synonymous (p.Ser559Ser, and p.Ala2785Ala) mutations. Five of these mutations have never been reported before. Three CHD7 mutations occurred in patients that had mutations in additional CHH-genes. This study uncovered novel genetic variants that expand the known spectrum of mutations associated with CHH. The frequency of CHD7 mutations in this cohort was higher than that of other major CHH-genes and confirms the importance of including CHD7 in the genetic testing of CHH, even in the absence of additional CHARGE features. FAU - Gonçalves, Catarina Inês
Oculocraniosomatic neuromuscular disease with hypoparathyroidism.$$$ During a six-year period, an adolescent girl developed a polyglandular disease characterized by hypoparathyroidism, chemical diabetes, growth failure and pubertal delay, hypercholesterolemia, and hypomagnesemia. A slowly progressive neurological disorder occurred simultaneously, consisting of progressive external ophthalmoplegia, mitochondrial myopathy, ataxia, neural deafness, mental subnormality, atypical retinitis, corneal dystrophy, cataract, and increased protein level in the cerebrospinal fluid. An intracardiac conduction defect was also found. This disorder, the cause of which is uncertain, is termed oculocraniosomatic disease. Our patient is apparently unique in that there was an associated hypoparathyroidism. FAU - Toppet, M
Female sex, small size at birth and low family income increase the likelihood of insulin resistance in late childhood: the Healthy Growth Study.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To identify among a wide range of perinatal indices, as well as certain family sociodemographic and parental characteristics, those independently associated with insulin resistance (IR) in late childhood. METHODS: A representative sample of 2195 Greek schoolchildren, aged 9-13 yr, was examined, and based on the biochemical indices collected IR was estimated using the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR < 3.16). Perinatal data were recorded from children's medical records, retrospectively, while family sociodemographics and parental anthropometrics were reported by parents. RESULTS: The overall prevalence of IR was 28.4%, with a higher prevalence observed for girls compared with boys (p <0.05). Examination of univariate associations, per se, showed that maternal current and pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity, maternal smoking at early pregnancy, children's small birth weight, and rapid growth at infancy as well as female sex and non-Caucasian race increased the likelihood of IR. In contrast, folate supplementation during pregnancy, as well as higher paternal education and annual family income decreased the likelihood of IR in children. Inclusion of all above variables at a multivariable regression model highlighted female sex [odds ratios (OR): 1.67, 95% confidence intervals (CI): 1.30-2.13], small birth weight (OR: 1.41, 95% CI: 1.03-2.01), and higher annual family income (OR: 0.71, 95% CI: 0.53-0.95 for 12 000-30 000 € and OR: 0.68, 95% CI: 0.48-0.96 for >30 000 €) as the only significant correlates of IR after also controlling for children's body mass index (BMI) and Tanner stage. CONCLUSIONS: The current study highlighted small birth weight and female sex as the only perinatal factors independently associated with the occurrence of IR in late childhood, when examined at a multivariable level with a wide range of perinatal indices as well as certain family sociodemographic and parental characteristics.
Prenatal growth and metabolic syndrome components among Chilean children.$$$ The association of prenatal growth with metabolic syndrome (MS) components and insulin resistance (IR) in children has not been studied in Chile and most developing countries. Some associations found in developed countries are controversial. A retrospective cohort study was designed linking present information on MS components and IR in children with register-based information on birth weight (BW), birth length (BL) and gestational age (GA). Examinations included anthropometry and blood pressure (BP), as well as self-report of pubertal status. A fasting blood sample was taken to determine lipids, glucose, insulin and homeostasis model assessment (HOMA)-IR was calculated. The study cohort of 2152 children was on average 11.4 ± 1.0 years old. The prevalence of MS, IR and overweight were 7.6%, 24.5% and 34%, respectively. Elevated BP was negatively associated with dichotomized risk categories of the perinatal factors studied (BW, BL and GA). Contingency tables showed that high waist circumference (WC) and elevated BP had a U-shaped association with various categories of BW and BL, respectively. Stepwise linear regressions selected: (a) WC as inversely associated to GA and directly associated to BW, (b) BP as inversely associated to GA and (c) HOMA-IR as inversely associated to BL. Non-optimal prenatal growth seems to predispose to high WC, elevated BP and IR in school-age children, supporting the early life origin of several non-communicable diseases. Those associations were rather weak as estimated by the slopes of the regressions and probably reduced by their U-shaped nature; they would reasonably become stronger with a longer follow-up. FAU - Mardones, F
Metformin for Rapidly Maturing Girls with Central Adiposity: Less Liver Fat and Slower Bone Maturation.$$$ BACKGROUND/AIMS: Girls with low-birth weight (LBW) and postnatal weight catch-up tend to develop visceral and hepatic fat excess, which may be accompanied by an upregulated adrenarche with precocious pubarche (PP) and by a rapidly progressive puberty with early menarche and shorter stature. A pilot study suggested that metformin treatment for 4 years reduces central adiposity in LBW-PP girls and normalizes puberty and adult height. In this cohort, we studied the relationship between metformin treatment, bone maturation, and body composition. METHODS: Longitudinal hand X-rays (0-4 years, analyzed by BoneXpert) were available from 34 LBW-PP girls (89% of the original cohort; n = 17 untreated, n = 17 metformin-treated; age at the start of treatment 8 years) along with body composition (0-4 years, by DXA), hepatic fat, and abdominally subcutaneous and visceral fat (posttreatment, by MRI). RESULTS: The tempo of bone aging was accelerated in untreated girls (≈16% faster vs. chronological aging) and normal in metformin-treated girls (≈20% slower vs. untreated girls). Metformin-treated girls gained more height per bone-age year and had less visceral and hepatic fat. The tempo of bone maturation was associated (R = 0.55; p < 0.001) with hepatic fat. CONCLUSION: Metformin treatment in rapidly maturing girls with central adiposity normalized bone maturation. This normalization was accompanied by less central fat and was related closely to hepatic fat.
Growth hormone stimulation testing in both short and normal statured children: use of an immunofunctional assay.$$$ Accurate interpretation of the results of GH stimulation tests is of pivotal importance not only in the evaluation of the etiology of growth retardation in children but also in the selection of the best candidates for GH therapy. We performed this study to test a novel immunofunctional GH ( IFGH) assay that makes use of the concept that one GH molecule dimerizes two GH receptors and compared the results with those obtained using two GH assays, the Diagnostic Systems Laboratories ELISA and a Hybritech immunoradiometric assay in 19 children with short stature undergoing routine GH stimulation testing. We also tested 13 normally statured control children to revisit the issue of what constitutes normal GH responses to stimuli, using all three assays and arginine and either L-dopa or insulin-induced hypoglycemia as secretagogues. Concentrations of IGF-I, IGF binding protein-3, and acid labile subunit were measured as well. There was a significant correlation between peak IFGH and Diagnostic Systems Laboratories ELISA GH responses to stimuli (r(2) = 0.93) as well as between the Diagnostic Systems Laboratories ELISA and Hybritech immunoradiometric assay (r(2) = 0.91). There were no significant differences between the short stature and normal group in peak or mean GH concentrations regardless of the assay used; however, the IGF-I, IGF binding protein-3, and acid labile subunit concentrations were substantially lower in the short stature group. There was a wide spectrum of GH concentrations in the normal group; approximately 50% of the children had peak GH concentrations <7 ng/mL, approximately 30% <5 ng/mL, and two pubertal normal subjects peaked to only 2 ng/mL with use of both the ELISA and IFGH assays. We conclude that 1) sensitive GH assays, ELISA and immunoradiometric assay, accurately detect a GH capable of generating a biologic signal comparable to an IFGH and 2) that normal GH stimulation test results can be substantially lower than previously accepted. GH-dependent growth factors may be more sensitive indicators of GH sufficiency than GH concentrations in response to pharmacologic stimuli. FAU - Mauras, N
Parity, other reproductive factors, and risk of pancreatic cancer mortality in a large cohort of U.S. women (United States).$$$ Several studies have found an inverse relationship between parity and risk of pancreatic cancer. However, most of the studies of pancreatic cancer in relation to parity and other reproductive factors have been small and the results inconsistent. Most recently, a well-conducted, prospective cohort study found a linear inverse association between parity and pancreatic cancer. To clarify the relationship between parity and other reproductive factors and risk of pancreatic mortality, we examined these associations among 387,981 postmenopausal U.S. women in the Cancer Prevention Study (CPS)-II cohort. CPS-II participants completed a self-administered questionnaire in 1982 and were followed for mortality through 2000. During follow-up, 1959 pancreatic cancer deaths occurred. Using Cox proportional hazards modeling, we calculated rate ratios (RR) adjusted for age, race, education, personal history of diabetes, body mass index, height, exercise, family history of pancreatic cancer, and cigarette smoking status, frequency, and duration. Overall, we did not observe a significant association between parity and pancreatic cancer mortality (trend p = 0.07). However, women who had five or more births had lower death rates from pancreatic cancer than nulliparous women (RR = 0.80, 95% CI = 0.66-0.96). We observed no association between any other reproductive factors examined (age at first birth, menarche, or menopause; type of menopause; diethylstilbestrol (DES) use; or duration of oral contraceptive or estrogen replacement therapy use) and pancreatic cancer mortality. In summary, our results support the observation that high parity is associated with lower risk of pancreatic cancer but do not show a linear trend with increasing parity. Furthermore, we find no evidence that other reproductive factors are associated with pancreatic cancer mortality. FAU - Teras, Lauren R
Socio-demographic and other risk factors of pre eclampsia at a tertiary care hospital, karnataka: case control study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Pre-eclampsia is one of the leading causes of maternal and infant morbidity and mortality worldwide. The aetiopathogenesis of this condition involves combination of genetic predisposition and environmental factors. The aim of the study was to determine the socio demographic and other risk factors of pre-eclampsia. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A case control study was conducted at a tertiary care hospital, Karnataka among 100 cases of pre-eclampsia and 200 controls without pre eclampsia. Non probability purposive sampling technique was adopted to select the study subjects. Data was collected by using a pre tested semi structured questionnaire which included information related to socio-demographic and other known risk factors of pre eclampsia. Primary data was collected by interviewing study subjects and secondary data of cases was obtained from case records. Data was analysed using SPSS. RESULTS: Study subjects included 100 cases and 200 controls. Age of less than 20 y (OR=3.8), monthly income of less than Rs4000 (OR=6.8), age of menarche of less than 12 y (OR=13.1), family h/o pre eclampsia (OR=36.0), family h/o Diabetes (OR=44.9), family h/o hypertension (OR=16.7) and previous h/o PIH (OR=58.5) are found to be significant risk factors of pre eclampsia. CONCLUSION: The significant risk factors may be used for screening pre-eclampsia during registration of pregnancy. FAU - K, Ramesh
Correlates of resistin in children with chronic kidney disease: the chronic kidney disease in children cohort.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To test the hypothesis that resistin is associated with insulin resistance and inflammation in pediatric patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). STUDY DESIGN: This study is a cross-sectional analysis of 319 children in the Chronic Kidney Disease in Children cohort, a large cohort of children with stage II-IV CKD. Univariate and multivariate regression modeling was used to evaluate the association of serum resistin level with glomerular filtration rate (GFR), demographic data, and cardiovascular risk factors, including inflammatory cytokines, insulin resistance, and serum lipids. RESULTS: In univariate analyses, serum resistin level was negatively correlated with GFR (P < .01). Increased serum resistin was associated with elevated inflammatory cytokines, including interleukin (IL)-6 (P < .01), IL-10 (P < .01), and tumor necrosis factor-α (P < .01). Resistin level was not associated with insulin resistance, although it was positively correlated with serum triglycerides (P < .01) and negatively correlated with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P < .01). In multivariate analysis, GFR (β = -0.01; P < .001), IL-6 (β = 0.18; P < .001), IL-10 (β = 0.09; P = .01), and pubertal status (β = 0.18; P < .01) were significantly associated with serum resistin level. CONCLUSION: These results indicate that serum resistin level increases with GFR decline and is involved in the inflammatory milieu present in CKD.
Long-term outcomes and molecular analysis of a large cohort of patients with 46,XY disorder of sex development due to partial gonadal dysgenesis.$$$ BACKGROUND: Follow-up data on patients with 46,XY partial gonadal dysgenesis (PGD) until adulthood are scarce, making information on prognosis difficult. OBJECTIVE: To analyse the long-term outcomes of patients with 46,XY PGD regarding testosterone production, germ cell tumour risk, genotype and psychosexual adaptation. METHODS: A retrospective longitudinal study of 33 patients (20 assigned male and 13 patients assigned female at birth). Molecular diagnosis was performed by Sanger sequencing or by targeted massively parallel sequencing of 63 genes related to disorders of sex development (DSDs). RESULTS: Age at first and last visit ranged from 0.1 to 43 and from 17 to 53 years, respectively. Spontaneous puberty was observed in 57% of the patients. During follow-up, six of them had a gonadectomy (four due to female gender, and two because of a gonadal tumour). At last evaluation, five of six patients had adult male testosterone levels (median 16.7 nmol/L, range 15.3-21.7 nmol/L) and elevated LH and FSH levels. Germ cell tumours were found in two postpubertal patients (one with an abdominal gonad and one patient with Frasier syndrome). Molecular diagnosis was possible in 11 patients (33%). NR5A1 variants were the most prevalent molecular defects (n = 6), and four of five patients harbouring them developed spontaneous puberty. Gender change was observed in four patients, two from each sex assignment group; all patients reported satisfaction with their gender at final evaluation. Sexual intercourse was reported by 81% of both gender and 82% of them reported satisfaction with their sexual lives. CONCLUSION: Spontaneous puberty was observed in 57% of the patients with 46,XY PGD, being NR5A1 defects the most prevalent ones among all the patients and in those with spontaneous puberty. Gender change due to gender dysphoria was reported by 12% of the patients. All the patients reported satisfaction with their final gender, and most of them with their sexual life.
Chronic combined hyperandrogenemia and western-style diet in young female rhesus macaques causes greater metabolic impairments compared to either treatment alone.$$$ STUDY QUESTION: Does developmental exposure to the combination of hyperandrogenemia and western-style diet (WSD) worsen adult metabolic function compared to either treatment alone? SUMMARY ANSWER: Young female rhesus macaques treated for 3 years, beginning at menarche, with combined testosterone (T) and WSD have increased weight gain and insulin resistance compared to controls and animals treated with either T or WSD alone. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Hyperandrogenemia is a well-established component of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and can be observed in peripubertal girls, indicating a potential pubertal onset of the disease. Obesity is often associated with hyperandrogenemia in peripubertal girls, and overweight girls appear to be at higher risk for the development of PCOS later in life. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: Juvenile (2.5- year old) female rhesus macaques were divided into four groups (n = 10/group): control animals receiving cholesterol implants and a control diet with 15% of calories derived from fat (C), animals receiving T implants (mean serum levels: 1.35 ± 0.01 ng/ml) and a control diet (T), animals receiving a cholesterol implant and a WSD with 36% of calories derived from fat (WSD) and animals receiving a T implant and a WSD (T + WSD). Animals were maintained on the treatments for 36 months and were 5.5 years old at study completion. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Metabolic testing consisted of body measurements including weight, dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry scans, activity monitoring, and glucose tolerance testing at zero months and at least once every 12 months for the remainder of the study. Indirect calorimetry and serum hormone assays were performed following 36 months of treatment. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Body weight and fat mass gain were significantly increased in T + WSD at 24 and 36 months of treatment compared to the other three groups. Log transformed fasting insulin and Homeostatic Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR) were significantly increased in T + WSD animals at 3 years of treatment compared to all other groups. T-treatment caused a greater rate of decline in activity after 18 months, while food intake and metabolic rate were largely unaffected by treatments. LIMITATIONS REASONS FOR CAUTION: Variability was present in the metabolic parameters measured; however, this is similar to the heterogeneity observed in human populations. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Chronic hyperandrogenemia beginning at puberty may exacerbate metabolic dysfunction in women consuming a WSD and account for the increased rates of obesity and insulin resistance observed in PCOS patients. Counseling of female patient populations with elevated androgens about the potential benefit of consuming a lower fat diet could improve long-term metabolic health outcomes. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health & Human Development P50HD071836 and Oregon National Primate Center Grant P51 OD011092. The authors have no competing conflict of interests to disclose.
Genetic Risk Scores Implicated in Adult Bone Fragility Associate With Pediatric Bone Density.$$$ Using adult identified bone mineral density (BMD) loci, we calculated genetic risk scores (GRS) to determine if they were associated with changes in BMD during childhood. Longitudinal data from the Bone Mineral Density in Childhood Study were analyzed (N = 798, 54% female, all European ancestry). Participants had up to 6 annual dual energy X-ray scans, from which areal BMD (aBMD) Z-scores for the spine, total hip, and femoral neck were estimated, as well as total body less head bone mineral content (TBLH-BMC) Z-scores. Sixty-three single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) were genotyped, and the percentage of BMD-lowering alleles carried was calculated (overall adult GRS). Subtype GRS that include SNPs associated with fracture risk, pediatric BMD, WNT signaling, RANK-RANKL-OPG, and mesenchymal stem cell differentiation were also calculated. Linear mixed effects models were used to test associations between each GRS and bone Z-scores, and if any association differed by sex and/or chronological age. The overall adult, fracture, and WNT signaling GRS were associated with lower Z-scores (eg, spine aBMD Z-score: βadult  = -0.04, p = 3.4 × 10(-7) ; βfracture = -0.02, p = 8.9 × 10(-6) ; βWNT  = -0.01, p = 3.9 × 10(-4) ). The overall adult GRS was more strongly associated with lower Z-scores in females (p-interaction ≤ 0.05 for all sites). The fracture GRS was more strongly associated with lower Z-scores with increasing age (p-interaction ≤ 0.05 for all sites). The WNT GRS associations remained consistent for both sexes and all ages (p-interaction > 0.05 for all sites). The RANK-RANKL-OPG GRS was more strongly associated in females with increasing age (p-interaction < 0.05 for all sites). The mesenchymal stem cell GRS was associated with lower total hip and femoral neck Z-scores, in both boys and girls, across all ages. No associations were observed between the pediatric GRS and bone Z-scores. In conclusion, adult identified BMD loci associated with BMD and BMC in the pediatric setting, especially in females and in loci involved in fracture risk and WNT signaling.
Elevated serum IGF-I, but unaltered sex steroid levels, in healthy boys with pubertal gynaecomastia.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Pubertal gynaecomastia is a very common condition. Although the underlying aetiology is poorly understood, it is generally accepted that excess of oestrogens and deficit of androgens are involved in the pathogenesis. Furthermore, adiposity as well as the GH/IGF-I axis may play a role. In this study, we elucidate the association of adiposity and levels of follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), luteinizing hormone (LH), sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), testosterone, oestrogen, IGF-I and IGFBP-3 with the presence of pubertal gynaecomastia in a large cohort of healthy boys. PATIENTS: A total of 501 healthy Danish school boys (aged 6·1-19·8 year) from the COPENHAGEN Puberty Study. MEASUREMENTS: Anthropometry and pubertal stages (PH1-6 and G1-5) were evaluated, and the presence of gynaecomastia was assessed. Body fat percentage was calculated by means of four skin folds and impedance. Nonfasting blood samples were analysed for FSH, LH, testosterone, SHBG, oestradiol, IGF-I, IGFBP-3 and prolactin. RESULTS: We found that 23% (31/133) of all pubertal boys had gynaecomastia. More specifically, 63% (10/16) of boys in genital stage 4 had gynaecomastia. Boys with gynaecomastia had significantly higher IGF-I levels compared with controls (IGF-I SD-score 0·72 vs -0·037, P < 0·001). This difference was maintained after adjusting for confounders (age and pubertal stage). Sex steroid levels, oestradiol/testosterone ratio or free testosterone were not associated with the presence of gynaecomastia with or without adjustment for confounders. CONCLUSIONS: IGF-I levels were elevated in healthy boys with pubertal gynaecomastia compared with boys without gynaecomastia, whereas sex steroid levels did not differ. We speculate that the GH-IGF-I axis may be involved in the pathogenesis of pubertal gynaecomastia.
Prediction of the outcome of growth hormone provocative testing in short children by measurement of serum levels of insulin-like growth factor I and insulin-like growth factor binding protein 3.$$$ Serum levels of insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) and insulin-like growth factor binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3) reflect the secretion of endogenous growth hormone (GH) in healthy children and exhibit little diurnal variation, which makes them potential candidates for screening of GH deficiency (GHD). We evaluated serum IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels in relation to the outcome of GH provocative testing in 203 children and adolescents (111 boys and 92 girls) in whom GHD was suspected. A total of 1030 children served as control subjects. In children less than 10 years of age, IGF-I levels were below the cutoff limit in 8 of 15 children with GHD (sensitivity 53.3%) and above the cutoff limit in 47 of 48 children with a normal GH response (specificity 97.9%). Similarly, IGFBP-3 levels were below the cutoff limit in 9 of 15 children with GHD (sensitivity 60%) and above the cutoff limit in 47 of 48 children with a normal GH response (specificity 97.9%). Consequently the predictive value of a positive test result in prepubertal children was 88.8% for IGF-I and 90% for IGFBP-3. In children and adolescents between 10 and 20 years of age, IGF-I levels were below the cutoff limit in 34 of 46 children with GHD (sensitivity 73.9%) and above the cutoff limit in 63 of 94 children with normal GH response (specificity 67%). IGFBP-3 levels were below the cutoff limit in 26 of 46 children with GHD (sensitivity 56.5%) and above the cutoff limit in 74 of 94 children with a normal GH response (specificity 78.7%). Accordingly the positive predictive value and in 10- to 20-year-old children was 52.3% for IGF-I and 56.5% for IGFBP-3. Combination use of IGF-I and IGFBP-3 gave additional diagnostic information. We conclude that a subnormal IGF-I level, and especially a subnormal IGFBP-3 level, are highly predictive of a subnormal GH response to a provocative test in prepubertal children in whom GHD is suspected. On the other hand, a normal IGF-I or IGFBP-3 level does not exclude GHD. The predictive value of IGF-I and IGFBP-3 in pubertal children is diminished in comparison with that in prepubertal children. We believe that IGF-I and IGFBP-3 are valuable tools in the evaluation of childhood GHD. FAU - Juul, A
Growth in children with X-linked hypophosphataemic rickets.$$$ Currently, X-linked hypophosphataemic rickets (XLHR) is most commonly treated with a combination of phosphate and vitamin D, but there is conflicting evidence about the effects of this treatment on linear growth. In all, 25 patients with XLHR (current age range, 4.1-22.1 years; median, 8.2 years) were studied to determine whether there was any improvement in height SDS during treatment. The duration of therapy was 2.9-15.0 years (median, 5.7 years). Measurements before the age of 2 years or after the onset of puberty were excluded to remove the effects of measurement difficulties in small infants and of variation in pubertal timing. The growth of these patients was compared with a similar group of untreated historical controls. Patients treated with calcitriol and phosphate for at least 2 years before the onset of puberty (n = 22) had a significantly better mean height SDS than the historical controls (-1.23 compared with -2.05 for the historical controls; p = 0.02). Among patients treated with calcitriol and phosphate for at least 2 years (n = 21), the change in height SDS had a positive correlation with the duration of therapy (r = 0.51; p = 0.02). The growth of children with XLHR treated with combination therapy was thus significantly better than that of historical controls. FAU - Verge, C F
Is birthweight associated with risk of rheumatoid arthritis? Data from a large cohort study.$$$ OBJECTIVES: The "fetal origins of adult disease" hypothesis suggests the uterine environment can influence the susceptibility of a fetus to future disease. We examine whether the fetal environment, as reflected by birthweight, could modulate an individual's future risk of rheumatoid arthritis (RA). METHODS: The relationship between birthweight and the risk of incident RA was studied in 87 077 women followed prospectively in the Nurses' Health Study cohort. New cases of RA diagnosed between 1976 and 2002 were confirmed in 619 women. The association between birthweight and the future development of RA was studied in age-adjusted and Cox proportional hazard models adjusting for age and potential confounders, including history of maternal diabetes, childhood socioeconomic status, prematurity, maternal and paternal smoking, as well as additionally adjusting for risk factors for RA including smoking, age at menarche, use of oral contraceptives, use of post-menopausal hormones, total lifetime breastfeeding, and body mass index (BMI) at age 18. RESULTS: In an age-adjusted model, birthweight >4.54 kg vs birthweight 3.2-3.85 kg was associated with a two-fold increased risk of RA (relative risk (RR) = 2.1, 95% CI 1.4 to 3.3). Further adjusting for potential confounders and risk factors did not change this relationship (RR = 2.0, 95% CI 1.3 to 3.0). Findings were similar when we limited cases to those with rheumatoid factor positive RA (RR = 2.1, 95% CI = 1.2 to 3.6). CONCLUSIONS: In this large prospective cohort, birthweight >4.54 kg was associated with a two-fold increased risk of adult onset RA, compared with those of average birthweight. Further study of this observation may provide insight into the pathogenesis of RA. FAU - Mandl, L A
Prenatal and childhood influences on osteoporosis.$$$ Osteoporosis is a major cause of morbidity and mortality through its association with age-related fractures. Although most effort in fracture prevention has been directed at retarding the rate of age-related bone loss, and reducing the frequency and severity of trauma among elderly people, evidence is growing that peak bone mass is an important contributor to bone strength during later life. The normal patterns of skeletal growth have been well characterized in cross-sectional and longitudinal studies. It has been confirmed that boys have higher bone mineral content, but not volumetric bone density, than girls. Furthermore, in both genders there is a dissociation between the peak velocities for height gain and bone mineral accrual. Puberty is the period during which volumetric density appears to increase in both axial and appendicular sites. Many factors influence the accumulation of bone mineral during childhood and adolescence, including heredity, gender, diet, physical activity, endocrine status and sporadic risk factors such as cigarette smoking. Measures for maximizing bone mineral acquisition, particularly through encouraging physical activity and adequate dietary calcium intake, are likely to affect the risk of fracture in later generations. In addition to these modifiable factors during childhood, evidence has also accrued that the risk of fracture might be programmed during intrauterine life. Epidemiological studies have demonstrated a relationship between birthweight, weight in infancy and adult bone mass. This appears to be mediated through modulation of the set-point for basal activity of pituitary-dependent endocrine systems such as the hypothalamic - pitutiary - adrenal (HPA) and growth hormone/insulin-like growth factor I (GH/IGF-I) axes. Maternal smoking, diet and physical activity levels appear to modulate bone mineral acquisition during intrauterine life; furthermore, both low birth size and poor childhood growth are directly linked to the later risk of hip fracture. The optimization of maternal nutrition and intrauterine growth should also be included within preventive strategies against osteoporotic fracture, albeit for future generations.
Insulin-like growth factor I correlates with lean body mass in cystic fibrosis patients.$$$ BACKGROUND: A major consequence of malnutrition in cystic fibrosis (CF) patients is the loss of lean body mass (LBM) and the subsequent impairment of respiratory muscle function. AIM: To determine whether insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) could be related to the LBM depletion and the evolution of respiratory disease in CF patients. METHODS: LBM was evaluated by dual energy x ray absorptiometry; serum concentrations of IGF-I were measured in 24 CF patients twice with a one year interval. Both values were expressed as SD score (SDS) calculated from normal data for age, sex, and pubertal stage and analysed with respect to anthropometric evaluation and disease related conditions. RESULTS: At the initial evaluation, IGF-I SDS had a mean value of -0.98 (range -3.6 to 3.2) and correlated with weight for age index, LBM SDS, and lung disease related conditions. Multiple regression analysis showed that only LBM remained independently related to IGF-I, suggesting that the relation of IGF-I to LBM was independent of weight and that the correlation between IGF-I and the respiratory conditions was related to the level of LBM. IGF-I SDS at the first evaluation was lower for the patients who lost > or =5% of weight for age index or > or =1 SD of LBM between the two evaluations. CONCLUSION: Low levels of IGF-I could be crucial for clinical outcome by impairing LBM and respiratory function. IGF-I could be a tool for nutritional evaluation by identifying the CF patients at risk of LBM depletion. FAU - Sermet-Gaudelus, I
Training increases anabolic response and reduces inflammatory response to a single practice in elite male adolescent volleyball players.$$$ We examined the effect of training on hormonal and inflammatory response to a single volleyball practice in elite adolescent players. Fourteen male, elite, national team-level, Israeli volleyball players (age, 16.3±1.1 years, Tanner stage 4-5) participated in the study. Blood samples were collected before and immediately after a typical 60-min volleyball practice, before and after 7 weeks of training during the initial phases of the volleyball season. Hormonal measurements included the anabolic hormones growth hormone (GH), insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1), IGF-binding protein 3, and testosterone; the catabolic hormone cortisol; the pro-inflammatory markers interleukin (IL) 6, and the anti-inflammatory marker IL-1 receptor antagonist. Training led to a significant improvement of both anaerobic and aerobic properties. Before the training intervention, the typical volleyball practice was associated with a significant increase of GH and testosterone and also with a significant increase of IL-6. Training resulted in a significantly greater GH response (ΔGH, 2.5±2.4 vs. 4.7±3.0 ng/mL, before and after training, respectively; p<0.02) and reduced IL-6 response (ΔIL-6, 2.0±1.6 vs. 0.6±0.7 pg/mL, before and after training, respectively; p<0.01) to the same relative intensity volleyball practice. The results suggest that, along with the improvement of anaerobic and aerobic characteristics, training leads to a greater anabolic and reduced inflammatory response to exercise. FAU - Nemet, Dan
Sex-related differences in the associations between maternal dioxin-like compounds and reproductive and steroid hormones in cord blood: The Hokkaido study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Prenatal exposure to dioxin-like compounds (DLCs) irreversibly affects fetal reproductive and steroid hormone synthesis. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to assess the relationships between maternal DLCs and cord blood reproductive and steroid hormones. METHODS: Participants in this study were pregnant women who enrolled in the Sapporo Cohort of the Hokkaido Study between 2002 and 2005. We quantified 29 DLCs during the 2nd and 3rd trimesters in maternal blood. Additionally, we measured the concentrations of progesterone, estradiol (E2), testosterone (T), androstenedione, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), cortisol, cortisone, sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), luteinizing hormone (LH), follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), prolactin, inhibin B, and insulin-like factor-3 (INSL3) in cord blood samples. RESULTS: Data from 183 mother-child pairs were analyzed. We observed sex-dependent associations of DLCs on T/E2 ratios, DHEA, cortisol, cortisone, adrenal androgen/glucocorticoid (AA/GC: sum of DHEA and androstenedione)/(sum of cortisol and cortisone) ratios and SHBG. An increase in maternal DLCs related to decreased T/E2 ratios and SHBG and inhibin B levels, and increased AA/GC ratios and FSH and DHEA levels in male cord blood samples. However, an increase in maternal mono-ortho polychlorinated biphenyls related to increased cortisol, cortisone, and SHBG levels, and decreased DHEA levels and AA/GC ratios in female cord blood samples. CONCLUSIONS: Prenatal exposure to DLCs alters steroidogenesis and suppresses the secretion of inhibin B in male cord blood. Relationships between maternal DLCs and cord blood hormones differ between boys and girls. Further studies are required to clarify whether the effects of in utero exposure to DLCs on adrenal hormones extend into infancy and puberty.
Contributing factors of mortality in Prader-Willi syndrome.$$$ Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) is a multi-system disorder resulting from a lack of paternal gene expression in the 15q11.2-q13 region. Using databases compiled through response questionnaires completed by families known to the Prader-Willi Syndrome Association (USA), this study tested the hypothesis that PWS genetic subtype, BMI, age of diagnosis, clinical symptoms, and growth hormone treatment differ among deceased and living individuals with PWS. Categorical and continuous variables were compared using chi-square and two-group t tests, respectively. Deceased individuals had higher rates of clinical features, including increased weight concerns, heart problems, sleep apnea, other respiratory complications, diabetes, osteoporosis, high pain tolerance, and severe skin picking, when compared to living individuals. Meanwhile, living individuals had higher rates of growth hormone use and early puberty. Obesity and subsequent consequences are the primary contributors to increased mortality in PWS. Additional emphasis on areas to decrease mortality is needed.
The Diagnosis of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome during Adolescence.$$$ BACKGROUND/AIMS: The diagnostic criteria for polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) in adolescence are controversial, primarily because the diagnostic pathological features used in adult women may be normal pubertal physiological events. Hence, international pediatric and adolescent specialty societies have defined criteria that have sufficient evidence to be used for the diagnosis of PCOS in adolescents. METHODS: The literature has been reviewed and evidence graded to address a series of questions regarding the diagnosis of PCOS during adolescence including the following: clinical and biochemical evidence of hyperandrogenism, criteria for oligo-anovulation and polycystic ovary morphology, diagnostic criteria to exclude other causes of hyperandrogenism and amenorrhea, role of insulin resistance, and intervention. RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: Features of PCOS overlap normal pubertal development. Hence, caution should be taken before diagnosing PCOS without longitudinal evaluation. However, treatment may be indicated even in the absence of a definitive diagnosis. While obesity, insulin resistance, and hyperinsulinemia are common findings in adolescents with hyperandrogenism, these features should not be used to diagnose PCOS among adolescent girls. © 2015 S. Karger AG, Basel. FAU - Witchel, Selma F
Five year treatment with IGF-I of a patient with Laron syndrome in Slovenia (a follow-up report).$$$ This is a follow-up report of a 14 1/2 year-old boy with Laron syndrome, who received twice daily therapy with IGF-I 120 micrograms/kg for 5 years that resulted in a linear growth of 40 cm. Concomitantly he became very obese which is attributed to IGF-I action via the insulin receptors. FAU - Krzisnik, C
A double-blind, placebo-controlled comparison of letrozole to oxandrolone effects upon growth and puberty of children with constitutional delay of puberty and idiopathic short stature.$$$ BACKGROUND/AIMS: Constitutional delay of growth and puberty (CDGP) with short stature is one of the most common problems in pediatrics. We compared the effects of letrozole with that of oxandrolone on predicted adult height (PAH), puberty, bone mineral density, serum insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) and blood lipoproteins. METHODS: In a prospective, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial, 91 CDGP boys (12.6-14.6 years old) with predicted short stature were treated with letrozole (2.5 mg/day), oxandrolone (2.5 mg/day), or placebo, at the outpatient pediatric endocrine clinic of Mofid Children's Hospital in Tehran for 2 years. RESULTS: Letrozole differed from oxandrolone and placebo in significantly increasing PAH (p < 0.05), and slightly but significantly decreasing HDL-cholesterol. Oxandrolone, and to a lesser degree letrozole, significantly increased the height standard deviation score and bone age compared to placebo. CONCLUSION: This first randomized controlled clinical trial in CDGD teenage boys with predicted short stature shows that letrozole increases PAH more than oxandrolone and advances pubertal stage and bone mineralization less.
An individual participant data meta-analysis on metabolomics profiles for obesity and insulin resistance in European children.$$$ Childhood obesity prevalence is rising in countries worldwide. A variety of etiologic factors contribute to childhood obesity but little is known about underlying biochemical mechanisms. We performed an individual participant meta-analysis including 1,020 pre-pubertal children from three European studies and investigated the associations of 285 metabolites measured by LC/MS-MS with BMI z-score, height, weight, HOMA, and lipoprotein concentrations. Seventeen metabolites were significantly associated with BMI z-score. Sphingomyelin (SM) 32:2 showed the strongest association with BMI z-score (P = 4.68 × 10(-23)) and was also closely related to weight, and less strongly to height and LDL, but not to HOMA. Mass spectrometric analyses identified SM 32:2 as myristic acid containing SM d18:2/14:0. Thirty-five metabolites were significantly associated to HOMA index. Alanine showed the strongest positive association with HOMA (P = 9.77 × 10(-16)), while acylcarnitines and non-esterified fatty acids were negatively associated with HOMA. SM d18:2/14:0 is a powerful marker for molecular changes in childhood obesity. Tracing back the origin of SM 32:2 to dietary source in combination with genetic predisposition will path the way for early intervention programs. Metabolic profiling might facilitate risk prediction and personalized interventions in overweight children. FAU - Hellmuth, Christian
Long-term effects of an inpatient weight-loss program in obese children and the role of genetic predisposition-rationale and design of the LOGIC-trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: The prevalence of childhood obesity has increased worldwide, which is a serious concern as obesity is associated with many negative immediate and long-term health consequences. Therefore, the treatment of overweight and obesity in children and adolescents is strongly recommended. Inpatient weight-loss programs have shown to be effective particularly regarding short-term weight-loss, whilst little is known both on the long-term effects of this treatment and the determinants of successful weight-loss and subsequent weight maintenance.The purpose of this study is to evaluate the short, middle and long-term effects of an inpatient weight-loss program for children and adolescents and to investigate the likely determinants of weight changes, whereby the primary focus lies on the potential role of differences in polymorphisms of adiposity-relevant genes. METHODS/DESIGN: The study involves overweight and obese children and adolescents aged 6 to 19 years, who participate in an inpatient weight-loss program for 4 to 6 weeks. It started in 2006 and it is planned to include 1,500 participants by 2013. The intervention focuses on diet, physical activity and behavior therapy. Measurements are taken at the start and the end of the intervention and comprise blood analyses (DNA, lipid and glucose metabolism, adipokines and inflammatory markers), anthropometry (body weight, height and waist circumference), blood pressure, pubertal stage, and exercise capacity. Physical activity, dietary habits, quality of life, and family background are assessed by questionnaires. Follow-up assessments are performed 6 months, 1, 2, 5 and 10 years after the intervention: Children will complete the same questionnaires at all time points and visit their general practitioner for examination of anthropometric parameters, blood pressure and assessment of pubertal stage. At the 5 and 10 year follow-ups, blood parameters and exercise capacity will be additionally measured. DISCUSSION: Apart from illustrating the short, middle and long-term effects of an inpatient weight-loss program, this study will contribute to a better understanding of inter-individual differences in the regulation of body weight, taking into account the role of genetic predisposition and lifestyle factors. TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT01067157. FAU - Rank, Melanie
Androgen receptor modulation does not affect longitudinal growth of cultured fetal rat metatarsal bones.$$$ BACKGROUND: Systemic administration of the nonaromatizable androgen oxandrolone stimulates growth in girls with Turner syndrome and boys with a constitutional delay of growth and puberty. It is unknown if oxandrolone acts locally at the growth plate level to stimulate longitudinal bone growth. METHODS: Metatarsal bones from female and male rat fetuses (day E20) were cultured for 14 days in the presence of oxandrolone, testosterone or the androgen receptor (AR) antagonist flutamide with/without insulin-like growth-factor-I (IGF-I) or charcoal-treated serum. RESULTS: The AR was found to be expressed in both male and female fetal rat metatarsal bones. Neither oxandrolone nor testosterone had any effect on metatarsal bone growth when tested at a wide concentration range (1 nM to 10 microM), not even in the presence of IGF-I (100 ng/ml) or charcoal-treated serum (10%). Bone growth was also unaffected when the AR was blocked by flutamide. Control experiments confirmed that metatarsal bone growth was significantly stimulated by IGF-I (p < 0.001). CONCLUSION: Modulation of AR activity in the fetal rat growth plate does not affect linear bone growth. Extrapolating from these in vitro data, it could be speculated that oxandrolone stimulates longitudinal bone growth in treated children by acting indirectly rather than directly through AR activation in growth plate chondrocytes.
Soft tissue composition and the risk of low bone mineral density: the Fourth Korea National Health And Nutrition Examination Survey (KNHANES IV-3), 2009.$$$ The effects of total fat mass (FM) and total lean mass (LM) on total bone mineral density (BMD) were examined using the Fourth Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 2009. FM, LM, and BMD were measured by DXA in a population-based sample of 6,762 Koreans, aged 19-93 (1,613 men < 50 years, 1,400 men ≥ 50 years, 2,120 premenopausal women, and 1,629 postmenopausal women). After adjusting for confounders (age, height, education, economic status, physical activity, smoking, alcohol use, serum vitamin D, medical history [diabetes, dyslipidemia, rheumatoid arthritis, and osteoporosis], family history of osteoporosis, multivitamin use, dietary intake [energy, calcium, and sodium], age at menarche, age at menopause, and hormone replacement therapy) and FM, higher LM was associated with a lower odds ratio for being in the group-specific lowest quintile of BMD (low BMD) in all groups. The odds for low BMD increased with higher FM in multivariate-adjusted analyses in men < 50 years, but this was not significant in other groups. Total BMD decreased with a decrease in the LM quintile across all FM subgroups in men of all ages, in the lower two subgroups of FM quintile in premenopausal women, and in the middle subgroup of FM quintile in postmenopausal women. In conclusion, higher LM was associated with a lower risk of low BMD in both genders, while higher FM was associated with a higher risk of low BMD for men < 50 years but not for women and men ≥ 50 years. The combined effects of LM and FM on BMD were gender- and menopause status-specific. FAU - Lee, Kayoung
The associations between lead exposure at multiple sensitive life periods and dental caries risks in permanent teeth.$$$ BACKGROUND: Dental caries is an important public health problem in Mexico, a country also faced with high exposure to toxicants including lead (Pb). METHODS: Participants were 386 children living in Mexico City. Prenatal (trimester 1-3), early-childhood (12, 24, 36, and 48 months of age) and peri-pubertal (10-18 years of age) blood Pb levels were quantified using graphite-furnace atomic-absorption spectroscopy. Maternal patella and tibia bone Pb at 1 month postpartum were quantified with K X-ray fluorescence instrument. Dental caries presence was evaluated using decayed, missing, and filled teeth (DMFT) scores. Peri-pubertal sugar sweetened beverage (SSB) intake was estimated using a 116-item, interview-administered semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Total energy adjusted daily SSB intake was generated using the residual approach. Zero inflated negative binomial (ZINB) Poisson regression models were used to examine the associations between Pb with D(1)MFT and D(4)MFT at adolescence. RESULTS: Maternal second and third trimester and cumulative early childhood Pb exposure were positively associated with peri-pubertal D(1)MFT scores in unadjusted ZINB models (2nd trimester: RR = 1.17 (1.00, 1.37); 3rd trimester: RR = 1.20 (1.03, 1.40); early childhood: RR = 1.22 (1.02, 1.48)). These effect sizes were attenuated and no longer statistically significant after adjusting for covariates. When stratified by high/low SSB intake, a one unit increase of log-transformed 2nd trimester Pb exposure was associated with a 1.41 times (1.06, 1.86) higher D(1)MFT count, and 3rd trimester Pb exposure was associated with a 1.50 times (1.18, 1.90) higher D(1)MFT count among those with higher than median peri-pubertal SSB. Associations among those with lower SSB intake were roughly half those of the higher group and not statistically significant. CONCLUSIONS: Pb exposure during sensitive developmental periods was not statistically significantly associated with caries risk after accounting for confounders among our cohort. However, evidence from stratified analysis suggested a Pb-caries association among children with high SSB intake.
Insulin-like growth factor I and growth responses during the first year of growth hormone treatment in KIGS patients with idiopathic growth hormone deficiency, acquired growth hormone deficiency, turner syndrome and born small for gestational age.$$$ BACKGROUND AND METHODS: We assessed the value of in- sulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) monitoring during growth hormone (GH) treatment by retrospectively examining the relationships between (1) GH dose and IGF-I response, (2) baseline serum IGF-I concentration and growth response and (3) serum IGF-I response and growth response after 1 year of GH treatment among patients in the Pfizer International Growth Study database (KIGS). KIGS patients were eligible for the study if they were classified as having idiopathic GH deficiency, acquired GH deficiency, Turner syndrome or were born small for gestational age. RESULTS: Correlations between GH dose and IGF-I response and between pretreatment IGF-I values and first-year growth response were weak across all groups. Correlations between the IGF-I response and growth response after 1 year of treatment were greater than those between baseline serum IGF-I values and first-year growth response. Pre- and posttreatment clinical characteristics were consistently different across all groups, but the numerous technical factors affecting these relationships are remediable. CONCLUSIONS: IGF-I monitoring during GH therapy is a valuable tool to monitor compliance and ensure that IGF-I levels do not exceed the normal range for extended periods. IGF-I monitoring may help clinicians increase GH doses as needed during puberty to achieve normal serum IGF-I values and normal or enhanced growth.
Growth hormone/insulin-like growth factor-1 axis as related to body mass index in patients with idiopathic short stature.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Idiopathic short stature (ISS) is a heterogeneous disorder. An impairment of growth hormone (GH)/insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1)/IGF-1 receptor (IGF-1 R) axis is postulated. To evaluate the somatotropic axis in relation to body mass index (BMI), serum IGF-1, IGF-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) and the expression of IGF-1 R genes in patients with ISS. METHODS: Fifty-five ISS patients (24 F/31 M) aged 14.6 ± 5.5 years (range 3.5-28.5 years) and 25 BMI- and pubertal stage-matched peers were enrolled in the study. The ISS patients underwent a four-day standard GH stimulation test to evaluate IGF-1 generation. mRNA expression of the IGF-1 R gene in peripheral blood leukocytes was evaluated. ISS patients and controls were compared with respect to anthropometric and laboratory data. The results were also analyzed after subdividing the two groups into low-normal [BMI standard deviation score (SDS) between -2 to -1)] and normal (BMI SDS between -1 to +1) BMI subgroups. RESULTS: Basal serum IGF-1 concentrations were lower in ISS subjects compared to controls who had similar BMI SDS values (p=0.000). Subgroup analyses revealed that there were no significant differences between low-normal BMI ISS subjects and low-normal BMI controls with respect to serum IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 concentrations. However, in the normal BMI ISS subgroup, basal and stimulated IGF-1 levels were significantly lower than the basal values in their control counterparts (basal: p=0.000; stimulated: p=0.007). mRNA expression of IGF-1 R gene was not found to be significantly different in ISS subjects and controls. CONCLUSIONS: ISS patients were found to have lower IGF-1 concentrations than BMI-matched peers, a finding supporting presence of an impairment in the somatotropic axis. IGF-1 R expression does not seem to be impaired in ISS patients. ISS patients with low-normal BMI SDS also tend to display a relative IGF-1 resistance, whereas those with normal BMI SDS tend to be less GH-sensitive than healthy peers. FAU - Cengiz, Pinar
Central precocious puberty that appears to be sporadic caused by paternally inherited mutations in the imprinted gene makorin ring finger 3.$$$ CONTEXT: Loss-of-function mutations in makorin ring finger 3 (MKRN3), an imprinted gene located on the long arm of chromosome 15, have been recognized recently as a cause of familial central precocious puberty (CPP) in humans. MKRN3 has a potential inhibitory effect on GnRH secretion. OBJECTIVES: The objective of the study was to investigate potential MKRN3 sequence variations as well as copy number and methylation abnormalities of the 15q11 locus in patients with apparently sporadic CPP. SETTING AND PARTICIPANTS: We studied 215 unrelated children (207 girls and eight boys) from three university medical centers with a diagnosis of CPP. All but two of these patients (213 cases) reported no family history of premature sexual development. First-degree relatives of patients with identified MKRN3 variants were included for genetic analysis. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: All 215 CPP patients were screened for MKRN3 mutations by automatic sequencing. Multiplex ligation-dependent probe amplification was performed in a partially overlapping cohort of 52 patients. RESULTS: We identified five novel heterozygous mutations in MKRN3 in eight unrelated girls with CPP. Four were frame shift mutations predicted to encode truncated proteins and one was a missense mutation, which was suggested to be deleterious by in silico analysis. All patients with MKRN3 mutations had classical features of CPP with a median age of onset at 6 years. Copy number and methylation abnormalities at the 15q11 locus were not detected in the patients tested for these abnormalities. Segregation analysis was possible in five of the eight girls with MKRN3 mutations; in all cases, the mutation was inherited on the paternal allele. CONCLUSIONS: We have identified novel inherited MKRN3 defects in children with apparently sporadic CPP, supporting a fundamental role of this peptide in the suppression of the reproductive axis. FAU - Macedo, Delanie B
Long-term Consequences of Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia due to Classic 21-hydroxylase Deficiency in Adolescents and Adults.$$$ Background The management of congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) from pediatric to adulthood is challenging to achieve optimal growth and puberty. This study characterizes the clinical outcomes of 21-hydroxylase deficiency. Methods 53 CAH patients were included (33 females, 15 and 18 patients with the salt-wasting [SW] and simple-virilizing [SV] forms; and 20 males, 16 and 4 patients with the SW and SV forms). We reviewed growth parameters, pubertal status, and long-term morbidities. Results In females, the age at pubertal onset and pubarche was 9.6±0.9 and 10.5±1.9 years, respectively, which was significantly earlier in the SV form (p=0.005). In males, the ages at pubertal onset and pubarche were 10.1±2.0 and 10.7±2.5 years, respectively, which were not significantly different between the groups. Forty patients reached adult height: -2.1±1.6 SDS in males and -1.5±1.1 SDS in females. Obesity and overweight was significantly common in adult patients. Testicular adrenal rest tumors were found in 4 SW males. 5 patients had adrenal tumor including adenoma, adenocarcinoma, or myelolipoma. Conclusions Reduced adult height and obesity/overweight are prevalent in adulthood. Adolescents and adults with 21-hydroxylase deficiency should be monitored for long-term consequences.
Laboratory investigations in the diagnosis and follow-up of GH-related disorders.$$$ In addition to auxiological, clinical and metabolic features measurements of growth hormone (GH) and insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) complement our tools in diagnosis and follow-up of GH-related disorders. While comparably robust during the pre-analytical phase, measurement and interpretation of concentrations of both hormones can be challenging due to analytical issues and biological confounders. Assay methods differ in terms of antibody specificity, interference from binding proteins, reference preparations and sensitivity. GH assays have different specificity towards different GH-isoforms (e.g. 20 kDa GH, placental GH) and interference from the GH antagonist Pegvisomant. The efficacy to prevent binding protein interference is most important in IGF-I assays. Methodological differences between assays require that reference intervals and diagnostic cut-offs are assay-specific. Among biological variables, pubertal development and age are most relevant for IGF-I, making detailed reference intervals mandatory for interpretation. GH has pulsatile secretion and short half-life. Its concentration is modified by acute factors such as stress, exercise and sleep, but also by intake of oral estrogens and anthropometric factors (e.g. BMI). Other GH dependent biomarkers such as free IGF-I, IGF binding protein 3 (IGFBP 3) and acid labile subunit (ALS) have been proposed. Their concentrations largely mirror the information obtained through measurement of IGF-I, but their measurement can be helpful in particular situations. In this review, we describe the evolution of analytical methods to measure biomarkers of GH action, the impact of the methodological changes on laboratory results and the need to include biological variables in their interpretation. Arch Endocrinol Metab. 2019;63(6):618-29. FAU - Schilbach, Katharina
Serum PSA as a predictor of testosterone deficiency.$$$ INTRODUCTION: The relationship between serum prostate-specific antigen (PSA) and testosterone (T) levels is still controversial. According to the "saturation hypothesis," a significant relationship is apparent only in the low T range. AIM: To verify whether, in a large sample of male subjects seeking medical care for sexual dysfunction (SD), PSA might represent a reliable marker of T levels. METHODS: A consecutive series of 3,156 patients attending our unit for SD was studied. Among them, only subjects without history of prostate disease and with PSA levels<4 ng/mL (N=2,967) were analyzed. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Several hormonal and biochemical parameters were studied, along with structured interview on erectile dysfunction (SIEDY), ANDROTEST, and PsychoANDROTEST. RESULTS: Receiver operating characteristic curve analysis for predicting severe hypogonadism (T<8 nmol/L) showed an accuracy of PSA=0.612±0.022 (P<0.0001), with the best sensitivity and specificity at PSA<0.65 ng/mL (65.2% and 55.5%, respectively). In the entire cohort, 254 subjects (8.6%) showed T<8 nmol/L and, among them, more than half (N=141, 4.8%) had PSA<0.65 ng/mL. After adjusting for age, low PSA was associated with hypogonadism-related features (i.e., delayed puberty, lower testis volume) and associated conditions, such as metabolic syndrome (hazard ratio [HR]=1.506 [1.241-1.827]; P<0.0001), type 2 diabetes (HR=2.044 [1.675-2.494]; P<0.0001), and cardiovascular diseases (HR=1.275 [1.006-1.617]; P=0.045). Furthermore, low PSA was associated with impaired sex- and sleep-related erections. The association between low PSA and hypogonadal symptoms and signs as well as with metabolic syndrome was retained even after adjusting for T levels. Sensitivity and positive predictive values of low PSA increased, whereas specificity and negative predictive value decreased as a function of age. CONCLUSIONS: PSA is a marker of T concentrations and it may represent a new tool in confirming hypogonadism. The determination of PSA levels might give insights not only on the circulating levels of total T but also on its active fractions.
Glycerol kinase deficiency: follow-up during 20 years, genetics, biochemistry and prognosis.$$$ AIM: To follow two children with isolated glycerol kinase deficiency (GKD) with severe symptoms into adulthood. METHODS: The patients were followed during approximately 20 y and interviewed about symptoms, diet and physical activity. Fasting provocations, bicycle ergometer tests, dietary registrations, enzyme and mutation analysis were performed by standard protocols. RESULTS: The activity of glycerol kinase (GK) in fibroblasts was <10% of reference. One case had a deletion of exon 17, the other a mutation in exon 7 of the GK gene (601 A-->G). Both mothers were heterozygotes. Two maternal male cousins in one of the families were hemizygotes without symptoms. Tests performed in childhood documented pronounced sensitivity to fasting and physical exercise, whereas such tests at 23 and 31 y of age were essentially normal but with pronounced ketonaemia. After puberty, the boys had no hypoglycaemic symptoms and now report no problems with their condition; thus, their phenotype has changed over time. CONCLUSION: The greater importance of glycerol as a gluconeogenetic substrate in children than in adults may explain the episodes in young patients with GKD, often elicited by catabolic stress. With meals at frequent intervals, access to glucose and avoidance of strenuous sports, the prognosis is good for a normal adult life of a young child with isolated GKD and symptoms of hypoglycaemia. FAU - Hellerud, C
Interactions between noncontiguous haplotypes in the adiponectin gene ACDC are associated with plasma adiponectin.$$$ Adiponectin, an adipocyte protein important in insulin sensitization and cardioprotection, has a strong genetic component. We hypothesized that variants in the adiponectin gene (adipocyte collagen-domain containing [ACDC]) contribute to adiponectin levels in a biracial adolescent cohort. We genotyped 11 ACDC single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in 631 non-Hispanic white and 553 African-American unrelated adolescents in grades 5-12 randomly selected from the Princeton School District Study. ACDC SNPs -11,391 (A allele), -10,068 (G allele), and +276 (T allele) were associated with higher adiponectin, adjusting for sex, puberty stage, BMI Z score, and waist Z score. Contiguous two-SNP haplotypes of promoter variants -11,391/-10,068 were significantly associated with adiponectin levels in whites and African Americans (P < 0.0001 and 0.03, respectively). Extended haplotypes from the promoter through the second intron (-11,391 to +349) strongly associated with adiponectin in whites (P = 6 x 10(-11)) and African Americans (P = 0.004), but haplotypes of first intron SNPs -4,521 to -657 did not (P > 0.2). Noncontiguous haplotypes or interactions between two-SNP (-11,391/-10,068) and three-SNP (+45, +276, and +349) haplotypes predicted adiponectin better than either region alone. Variants of ACDC are associated with adiponectin levels in whites and African Americans. Interactions between noncontiguous ACDC haplotypes strongly influence adiponectin levels, suggesting nonadditive and potentially cis relationships between these regions. FAU - Woo, Jessica G
Frequency of the metabolic syndrome in obese Spanish pediatric population.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Obesity is associated with insulin-resistance (IR), type 2 diabetes (T2D) and a constellation of cardiovascular risk factors at the early years of life. These features define the so-called metabolic syndrome (MS). AIMS: To assess the frequency of the MS among obese pediatric Spanish population and analyse the individual contribution and the predictive potential of individual components to the development of the syndrome. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A total of 429 patients, 220 boys and 209 girls, aged 4-18 years, with a body mass index of >2 standard deviation scores for Spanish normative charts, were included in the study. Forty-seven percent were prepubertal and ten percent had Hispanic ethnicity. HbA1c, lipids, liver enzymes and uric acid levels were determined from blood and a standard 2-h oral glucose tolerance test was performed. MS was defined by the National Cholesterol Education Program's Adult Treatment Panel III criteria modified by Cook as having at least three features among: obesity, low high-density lipoprotein (HDL), hypertriglyceridemia, hypertension (HTA) or impaired glucose metabolism (IGM). We defined IR as homeostatic model assessment of IR index and/or fasting insulin levels>95th centile of the control population. RESULTS: Almost 18% of the patients had MS, with significantly higher frequency in Hispanic (32%) than in Caucasian (16%) population. There were no differences by sex or pubertal status. Prevalence of low HDL, HTA, hypertriglyceridemia and IGM were 27, 23, 16 and 7% respectively. No silent T2D was identified. According to International Obesity Task Force charts, 22% of the patients were overweight and not obese, but no differences in the frequency of individual features of MS between these two groups were observed. Among IR patients (35% of our population), the frequency of MS reached 28%. IR predicted the presence of MS independently from age and race. CONCLUSION: MS is present in 18% of our obese pediatric population. IR is closely associated with the components of MS and strongly predicts its development. FAU - López-Capapé, Marta
Vitamin D insufficiency and insulin resistance in obese adolescents.$$$ Obese adolescents represent a particularly vulnerable group for vitamin D deficiency which appears to have negative consequences on insulin resistance and glucose homeostasis. Poor vitamin D status is also associated with future risk of type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome in the obese. The biological mechanisms by which vitamin D influences glycemic control in obesity are not well understood, but are thought to involve enhancement of peripheral/hepatic uptake of glucose, attenuation of inflammation and/or regulation of insulin synthesis/secretion by pancreatic β cells. Related to the latter, recent data suggest that the active form of vitamin, 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D, does not impact insulin release in healthy pancreatic islets; instead they require an environmental stressor such as inflammation or vitamin D deficiency to see an effect. To date, a number of observational studies exploring the relationship between the vitamin D status of obese adolescents and markers of glucose homeostasis have been published. Most, although not all, show significant associations between circulating 25-hydroxyvitamn D concentrations and insulin sensitivity/resistance indices. In interpreting the collective findings of these reports, significant considerations surface including the effects of pubertal status, vitamin D status, influence of parathyroid hormone status and the presence of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. The few published clinical trials using vitamin D supplementation to improve insulin resistance and impaired glucose tolerance in obese adolescents have yielded beneficial effects. However, there is a need for more randomized controlled trials. Future investigations should involve larger sample sizes of obese adolescents with documented vitamin D deficiency, and careful selection of the dose, dosing regimen and achievement of target 25-hydroxyvitamn D serum concentrations. These trials should also include clamp-derived measures of in vivo sensitivity and β-cell function to more fully characterize the effects of vitamin D replenishment on insulin resistance. FAU - Peterson, Catherine A
Risk factors for anaplastic thyroid cancer.$$$ Background. Anaplastic thyroid cancer (ATC) is a form of thyroid cancer with very poor prognosis, but is fortunately quite rare. Its aetiology is unknown and not well researched. Aim. The aim of this study was to identify potential risk factors for ATC. Material and Method. Case-control study of 126 ATC patients (77 females and 49 males) and 252 controls individually matched by gender, age, and place of abode. In statistical analysis we used a Cox regression model. Results. Univariate logistic regression showed that the risk factors for ATC are low education level, type B blood group, goitre, other nonthyroid malignancies, diabetes, late menarche, and an early first pregnancy. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that independent risk factors for ATC are low education level (OR = 1.42, 95% CI = 1.09-1.86), type B blood group (OR = 2.41, 95% CI = 1.03-5.66), and goitre (OR = 25-33, 95% CI = 5.66-126.65). Conclusion. Independent risk factors for ATC are: low education level, type B blood group, and goitre. FAU - Zivaljevic, V
Prepubertal children born large for gestational age have lower serum DHEAS concentrations than those with a lower birth weight.$$$ BackgroundChildren born small for gestational age (SGA) have higher serum dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS) concentrations than children born appropriate for gestational age (AGA). The overall metabolic risk associated with birth weight is U-shaped, but it is not known whether children born large for gestational age (LGA) have elevated serum DHEAS levels.MethodsA cohort of 49 children born LGA, 56 children born AGA, and 23 children born SGA were studied at 5-8 years of age. Anthropometric data at birth, at the age of 2 years, and at examination were recorded. Fasting blood samples were collected for serum analyses of DHEAS, insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1), and insulin concentrations.ResultsThe children born LGA had lower serum DHEAS levels adjusted for body mass index (BMI) standard deviation score (SDS) and age than the rest of the children. Lower birth weight SDS and higher weight gain during the first 2 years of life predicted higher serum DHEAS levels. Higher serum IGF-1 levels were also associated with higher prevalence of adrenarchal DHEAS levels.ConclusionBeing born LGA was associated with lower DHEAS levels, whereas small birth size and early catch-up growth predicted higher levels. This suggests that genetic or early epigenetic factors have an impact on adrenarche. IGF-1 may be a mediator in this process. FAU - Nordman, Henrikki
Hormonal and body composition predictors of soluble leptin receptor, leptin, and free leptin index in adolescent girls with anorexia nervosa and controls and relation to insulin sensitivity.$$$ Anorexia nervosa (AN) is associated with very low levels of leptin, a cytokine secreted by adipose tissue and known to suppress appetite. Leptin may play a permissive role in onset of puberty and in resumption of gonadal function in conditions of undernutrition. The soluble leptin receptor (sOB-R) is the main leptin binding protein, and the ratio of serum leptin to sOB-R provides a measure of the free leptin index (FLI), which may be a more accurate determinant of leptin function. Determinants of sOB-R and FLI have not been examined in an adolescent population. We examined levels of sOB-R, leptin, and FLI, and body composition and hormonal determinants of these variables in 23 adolescent girls with AN and 21 healthy adolescent girls of comparable maturity prospectively over 1 yr. Measures of insulin resistance and adiponectin were also examined. We determined changes in levels of sOB-R, leptin, and FLI with weight recovery (defined as an increase in body mass index of >/=10%, n = 11), and with resumption of menstrual cycles (n = 13). Girls with AN had significantly higher levels of sOB-R (P = 0.0008) and significantly lower levels of leptin and FLI (P < 0.0001 for both) than healthy controls, and levels of FLI were reduced more than levels of leptin in girls with AN compared with controls. An inverse correlation was noted between levels of leptin and sOB-R for the group as a whole (r = -0.64, P < 0.0001) but not in girls with AN considered alone. The most important predictor of levels of sOB-R was cortisol in the group as a whole (r = 0.61, P < 0.0001) and in girls with AN considered alone (r = 0.66, P = 0.0008). Other independent predictors of sOB-R levels for the entire group were percent body fat (r = -0.44, P = 0.003) and levels of IGF-I (r = -0.37, P = 0.01). The most important predictors of leptin and FLI were body mass index and percent body fat. An inverse relationship was noted between measures of insulin resistance and sOB-R levels, whereas a positive association was noted between these measures and leptin and FLI. Adiponectin values did not differ in girls with AN compared with healthy controls and did not correlate with sOB-R, leptin, or FLI. Weight recovery resulted in significant decreases in levels of the sOB-R (24.7 +/- 1.7 to 17.6 +/- 1.2 U/ml, P = 0.004), and increases in levels of leptin (4.4 +/- 1.0 to 13.7 +/- 2.9 microg/liter, P = 0.02). Resumption of menstrual function, but not weight recovery alone, was associated with significant increases in FLI (0.19 +/- 0.04 to 0.50 +/- 0.09 microg/U x 10(-3), P = 0.02).We demonstrate an increase in levels of sOB-R and a decrease in the FLI in adolescent girls with AN, and also demonstrate that cortisol is the most important predictor of levels of sOB-R in this condition. Levels of leptin and FLI, conversely, are primarily predicted by body composition. Weight recovery is associated with a decrease in sOB-R and an increase in leptin. Resumption of menses is associated with significant increases in the FLI, suggesting that free leptin may be an important determinant of menstrual recovery. FAU - Misra, Madhusmita
Habitual Flavonoid Intake from Fruit and Vegetables during Adolescence and Serum Lipid Levels in Early Adulthood: A Prospective Analysis. LID - 10.3390/nu10040488 [doi] LID - 488$$$ Flavonoids have been implicated in the prevention of cardiovascular diseases (CVD). In a prospective approach, we investigated whether habitual flavonoid intake from fruit, vegetables and juices (FlavFVJ) during adolescence is associated with adult levels of serum lipids, one of the main CVD risk factors. This analysis included healthy participants from the Dortmund Nutritional and Anthropometric Longitudinally Designed (DONALD) study, who had provided a fasting blood sample in adulthood (aged 18-39 years), data on FlavFVJ intake during adolescence (females: 9-15 years, males: 10-16 years)-estimated either from multiple 3-day weighed dietary records (n = 257), or from validated biomarker hippuric acid (uHA) excretion from multiple 24-h urine samples (n = 233)-together with information on relevant covariates. In multivariable linear regression analyses, a higher FlavFVJ intake during adolescence was independently associated with higher serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels among males (P(trend) = 0.038); however, the inclusion of adult waist circumference attenuated this association (P(trend) = 0.053). FlavFVJ was not associated with triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC) or low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C; all P(trend) ≥ 0.1), nor was uHA excretion with any serum lipid outcome among males (all P(trend) ≥ 0.5). Neither FlavFVJ intake nor uHA excretion was associated with serum lipids among women (all P(trend) ≥ 0.1). However, a higher flavonoid intake from fruit and vegetables was independently related to lower LDL-C levels (P(trend) = 0.021), while a higher intake from juices was associated with higher LDL-C levels (P(trend) = 0.016) among females. In conclusion, a higher flavonoid intake from fruit, vegetables and/or juices during adolescence may be linked to cholesterol levels in early adulthood in a sex- and food source-specific manner. FAU - Penczynski, Katharina J
Growth and endocrine function during school age in very low-birth weight infants.$$$ BACKGROUND: Short stature and low bodyweight are commonly encountered problems in the clinical follow up of premature infants. However, details about the underlying pathophysiology are unknown in these cases. METHODS: Evaluations of growth and endocrine function were performed in 23 very low-birth weight (VLBW) infants between 11.3 and 14.3 years of age. RESULTS: The mean (+/-SD) scores for height and weight were -0.50+/-0.97 and -0.50+/-1.10 SD, respectively. Mean serum insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I and urine growth hormone (GH) levels were 402+/-138 ng/mL and 18.0+/-17.5 pg/mg creatinine, respectively. Serum IGF-I and urine GH levels were within the normal range for all patients. The bone age values were consistent with the patient's true age. Physical signs of puberty were detected in 15 of 23 patients (65%). Using bone ages to predict final adult height yielded a score of -0.52+/-1.08 SD. CONCLUSIONS: Despite the almost normal results of serum IGF-I, urine GH levels and bone age, the physical growth of these VLBW infants was less than that of normal birth weight children, as was their predicted adult growth. FAU - Takeuchi, T
Reproductive history and pancreatic cancer incidence and mortality in a cohort of postmenopausal women.$$$ There is inconsistent evidence about the effect of reproductive history on women's risk of pancreatic cancer. In the Million Women Study, a prospective cohort of middle-aged women in the United Kingdom, we examined associations between reproductive history and pancreatic cancer incidence and mortality, controlling for age, socioeconomic status, geographic region, body mass index, smoking, and history of diabetes. During 7.1 million person-years of follow-up in 995,192 postmenopausal women, there were 1,182 incident pancreatic cancers. Pancreatic cancer incidence and mortality did not vary significantly with age at menarche, number of children, age at first birth, breast-feeding, type of menopause, age at menopause, or time since menopause. Any effect of reproductive history and pancreatic cancer risk in women is likely to be weak, if it exists at all. FAU - Stevens, Richard J
Blood lead levels and serum insulin-like growth factor 1 concentrations in peripubertal boys.$$$ BACKGROUND: Childhood lead exposure has been associated with growth delay. However, the association between blood lead levels (BLLs) and insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) has not been characterized in a large cohort with low-level lead exposure. METHODS: We recruited 394 boys 8-9 years of age from an industrial Russian town in 2003-2005 and followed them annually thereafter. We used linear regression models to estimate the association of baseline BLLs with serum IGF-1 concentration at two follow-up visits (ages 10-11 and 12-13 years), adjusting for demographic and socioeconomic covariates. RESULTS: At study entry, median BLL was 3 μg/dL (range, < 0.5-31 μg/dL), most boys (86%) were prepubertal, and mean ± SD height and BMI z-scores were 0.14 ± 1.0 and -0.2 ± 1.3, respectively. After adjustment for covariates, the mean follow-up IGF-1 concentration was 29.2 ng/mL lower (95% CI: -43.8, -14.5) for boys with high versus low BLL (≥ 5 μg/dL or < 5 μg/dL); this difference persisted after further adjustment for pubertal status. The association of BLL with IGF-1 was stronger for mid-pubertal than prepubertal boys (p = 0.04). Relative to boys with BLLs < 2 μg/dL, adjusted mean IGF-1 concentrations decreased by 12.8 ng/mL (95% CI: -29.9, 4.4) for boys with BLLs of 3-4 μg/dL; 34.5 ng/mL (95% CI: -53.1, -16.0) for BLLs 5-9 μg/dL; and 60.4 ng/mL (95% CI: -90.9, -29.9) for BLLs ≥ 10 μg/dL. CONCLUSIONS: In peripubertal boys with low-level lead exposure, higher BLLs were associated with lower serum IGF-1. Inhibition of the hypothalamic-pituitary-growth axis may be one possible pathway by which lead exposure leads to growth delay. FAU - Fleisch, Abby F
A 20-year follow-up of a male patient with type Ia glycogen storage disease.$$$ Glycogen storage diseases (GSDs) or glycogenoses comprise several rare inherited diseases caused by abnormalities of the enzymes that regulate the synthesis or degradation of glycogen. We report on a male patient with type Ia GSD (GSD Ia) who was followed-up for more than 20 years. He had been diagnosed with GSD Ia based on biochemical tests and the glucose-6-phosphatase (G6Pase) enzyme assay from a liver biopsy at 6 years old, due to problems of hepatomegaly, growth retardation, and recurrent hypoglycemic episodes. The introduction of uncooked cornstarch improved his quality of life only in the first 8-year follow-up period. At 17 years old, gouty arthritis with multiple tophi and generalized xanthomatosis developed. Later, hepatocellular adenoma, nephrolithiasis, and gastrointestinal bleeding occurred at the age of 20, 23, and 24 years, respectively. At 26 years old, he suffered from acute renal failure and polyradiculoplexopathy. The problem of delayed puberty persisted. The story of this patient illustrates the multisystemic nature of GSD Ia and highlights the need for careful dietary therapy and long-term follow-up. FAU - Hou, Jia-Woei
Prevalence and anthropometric risk of metabolic syndrome in taiwanese adolescents.$$$ Background. To evaluate the prevalence and the importance of anthropometric indexes on metabolic syndrome (MetS) among young adolescents in Taiwan. Methods. We conducted a cross sectional survey to obtain a representative sampling among Taipei adolescents in 2003, totally enrolled of 1,562 adolescents (764 boys and 798 girls) from age 11 to 15. We used modified NCEP-ATP III criteria to diagnose metabolic syndrome in young adolescents including: blood pressure ≧90th percentile, fasting glucose ≧90th, TG ≧ 90th, HDL-C ≦ 10th, and BMI or WC ≧ 90th according to age and gender specific recommendations. Results. The overall prevalence of MetS was 4.8% for boys and 3.9% for girls. BMI and WC were significantly associated with MetS for both boys and girls, even after adjusting for age, cigarette smoking, alcohol drinking and pubertal status. However, after further adjusting for BMI or WC, WC for boys (OR = 1.14, 95% CI = 1.05-1.24) and BMI for girls (OR = 1.36, 95% CI = 1.13-1.64) were significantly associated with MetS. Conclusions. Adolescents with abnormal BMI or waist circumference had 10 to 20 times higher odds of MetS when compared to normal subjects. Obesity, either general or central adiposity, may play an important role in the development of MetS among adolescents. FAU - Chu, Nain-Feng
Serum Spexin is Correlated with Lipoprotein(a) and Androgens in Female Adolescents. LID - 10.3390/jcm8122103 [doi] LID - 2103$$$ The Spexin gene is considered the most dysregulated in obese human fat. Limited data suggest that the novel peptide spexin may potentially impact food intake, weight regulation and body adiposity. The aim of this case-control study was to compare fasting serum spexin concentrations between normal weight (NW) and overweight/obese (OB/OW) adolescent females and explore the relationship between circulating spexin and anthropometric, bone and fat mass, metabolic and hormonal parameters. Eighty post-menarcheal females (mean age ± SD 16.23 ± 2.26 years); 55 NW (mean BMI ± SD 19.72 ± 2.52 kg/m(2)) and 25 OB/OW (mean BMI ± SD 29.35 ± 3.89 kg/m(2)) participated in the study. Circulating spexin levels did not differ significantly (p = 0.378) between NW (median (interquartile range), 0.26 (0.17) ng/mL) and OB/OW (median (interquartile range), 0.28 (0.06) ng/mL) adolescents and did not correlate with BMI (r(s) = -0.090, p = 0.438), % body fat (r(s) = -0.173, p = 0.409), glucose or insulin resistance indices derived from fasting and oral glucose tolerance states. In the total study sample, spexin concentrations correlated positively with lipoprotein(a) (r(s) = 0.402, p = 0.046). In the OB/OW adolescents spexin levels correlated positively with testosterone (r(s) = 0.727, p = 0.011) and free androgen index (r(s) = 0.755, p = 0.007). In the NW adolescents, spexin concentrations correlated negatively with dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate (r(s) = -0.445, p = 0.038). Results may suggest potential involvement of spexin in the regulation of lipoprotein(a) and of the reproductive/adrenal axis in post-menarcheal adolescent females. FAU - Bacopoulou, Flora
Effects of Pubertal Status and Inflammation on the Use of Ferritin to Define Iron Deficiency in Children With Overweight or Obesity.$$$ BACKGROUND AND AIMS: A worldwide increase in childhood overweight (OW) and obesity (OB) has been reported. OB is an inflammatory state which affects iron metabolism and the sensibility of the tests to detect iron deficiency (ID). Our aim was to evaluate the adequacy of current ferritin cut-offs to define ID in children with OW/OB. METHODS: This cross-sectional study included 152 children (54% girls) aged (median [Q1-Q3]) 11 (8-13) years with OW/OB. Complete blood count and iron metabolism were evaluated. Low ferritin, transferrin saturation (TSat), and anemia were defined by age- and sex-specific cut-offs recommended by National Guidelines. Iron intake was assessed in a subgroup (n = 80) by a 24-hour dietary recall. Analyses were made according to pubertal development and ferritin tertiles. RESULTS: The overall prevalence of low ferritin, TSat, and anemia was 2.6%, 23.8%, and 5.2%, respectively. Among pre-pubertal children (n = 87), the frequency of low TSat rose across ferritin tertiles (P < .05), whereas it decreased among pubertal children (n = 65; P < .005). Cases of anemia among pre-pubertal children were found in the highest ferritin tertile, whereas 4/6 anemia cases in pubertal children were found in the lowest ferritin tertile (<39 µg/L). Pubertal children within the lowest ferritin tertile + low TSat (n = 11) showed lower hemoglobin (-9%; P < .005) and hematocrit (-8%, P < .01) than those in the same tertile + normal TSat (n = 16). The overall prevalence of children with ferritin < 39 µg/L + low TSat was 9.2%. CONCLUSIONS: Higher ferritin cut-off values are required to define ID in children with OW/OB. Such cut-off remains to be validated in larger, multi-ethnic cohorts of children with OW/OB. FAU - Muzzio, Maria Luz
A prospective study of adolescent eating in the absence of hunger and body mass and fat mass outcomes.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Eating in the absence of hunger (EAH) refers to the consumption of palatable foods in a sated state. It has been proposed that EAH promotes excess weight gain in youth; yet there are limited prospective data to support this hypothesis. We examined whether EAH at baseline predicted increases in body mass (BMI and BMIz) and fat mass (kg) 1 year later among adolescent boys and girls. METHODS: EAH was assessed as adolescents' consumption of palatable snack foods following eating to satiety from an ad libitum lunch buffet. Parents also completed a questionnaire about their children's EAH. Body composition was assessed using air displacement plethysmography. RESULTS: Of 196 adolescents assessed for EAH at baseline, 163 (83%) were re-evaluated 1 year later. Accounting for covariates, which included respective baseline values for each dependent variable, race, height, age, sex, and pubertal stage, there were no significant associations between baseline observed or parent-reported EAH and change in adolescent BMI, BMIz, or fat mass. Results did not differ by sex, child weight status, or maternal weight status. CONCLUSIONS: No evidence was found to support the hypothesis that EAH is a unique endophenotype for adolescent weight or fat gain.
PGC1α promoter methylation in blood at 5-7 years predicts adiposity from 9 to 14 years (EarlyBird 50).$$$ The early environment, acting via epigenetic processes, is associated with differential risk of cardiometabolic disease (CMD), which can be predicted by epigenetic marks in proxy tissues. However, such measurements at time points disparate from the health outcome or the environmental exposure may be confounded by intervening stochastic and environmental variation. To address this, we analyzed DNA methylation in the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ coactivator 1α promoter in blood from 40 children (20 boys) collected annually between 5 and 14 years of age by pyrosequencing. Body composition was measured annually by dual X-ray absorptiometry, physical activity by accelerometry, and pubertal timing by age at peak high velocity. The effect of methylation on transcription factor binding was investigated by electrophoretic mobility shift assays. Seven cytosine guanine dinucleotide (CpG) loci were identified that showed no significant temporal change or association with leukocyte populations. Modeling using generalized estimating equations showed that methylation of four loci predicted adiposity up to 14 years independent of sex, age, pubertal timing, and activity. Methylation of one predictive locus modified binding of the proadipogenic pre-B-cell leukemia homeobox-1/homeobox 9 complex. These findings suggest that temporally stable CpG loci measured in childhood may have utility in predicting CMD risk.
Histrelin Implantation and Growth Outcomes in Children With Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia: An Institutional Experience.$$$ BACKGROUND: Children with congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) because of 21 hydroxylase deficiency (21OHD) are at risk for early or precocious puberty and a short adult height compared to population means and midparental height. The effect of histrelin in suppressing puberty and improving growth in these children has not been reported. METHODS: Retrospective cohort analysis of all patients (age ≤ 20) at our institution who underwent histrelin implantation between 2008 and 2017. Treated patients with CAH (classic and nonclassic forms of 21OHD) were identified and their growth data analyzed. RESULTS: Fifteen children with CAH were treated with histrelin for a median of 3 years (range 2-5; age at first implantation 7.7 ± 1.5 years). Bone age (BA) to chronologic age (CA) decreased from 1.57 ± 0.4 to 1.25 ± 0.25 (P < .01), while predicted adult height (PAH) increased by 7.1 ± 6.6 cm (P < .01). A subgroup of 10 children reached adult height. Similar changes in BA/CA and PAH were observed with therapy (P = .02). Adult height z improved compared to pretreatment PAH z (-1.42 ± 0.9 vs. -1.96 ± 1.1 respectively, P < .01), but remained lower than midparental height z (P = .01). CONCLUSION: In this retrospective cohort study of children with CAH due to 21OHD and early or precocious puberty, histrelin implantation resulted in a decrease in BA progression compared to CA and an improvement in PAH. In the subgroup who completed growth, adult height remained significantly lower than midparental. These results need to be confirmed with prospective controlled studies.
Estrogen and testosterone, but not a nonaromatizable androgen, direct network integration of the hypothalamo-somatotrope (growth hormone)-insulin-like growth factor I axis in the human: evidence from pubertal pathophysiology and sex-steroid hormone replacement.$$$ Activation of the gonadotropic and somatotropic axes in puberty is marked by striking amplification of pulsatile neurohormone secretion. In addition, each axis, as a whole, constitutes a regulated network whose feedback relationships are likely to manifest important changes at the time of puberty. Here, we use the regularity statistic, approximate entropy (ApEn), to assess feedback activity within the somatotropic (hypothalamo-pituitary/GH-insulin-like growth factor I) axis indirectly. To this end, we studied pubertal boys and prepubertal girls or boys with sex-steroid hormone deficiency treated short-term with estrogen, testosterone, or a nonaromatizable androgen in a total of 3 paradigms. First, our cross-sectional analysis of 53 boys at various stages of puberty or young adulthood revealed that mean ApEn, taken as a measure of feedback complexity, of 24-h serum GH concentration profiles is maximal in pre- and mid-late puberty, followed by a significant decline in postpubertal adolescence and young adulthood (P = 0.0008 by ANOVA). This indicates that marked disorderliness of the GH release process occurs in mid-late puberty at or near the time of peak growth velocity, with a return to maximal orderliness thereafter at reproductive maturity. Second, oral administration of ethinyl estradiol for 5 weeks to 7 prepubertal girls with Turner's syndrome also augmented ApEn significantly (P = 0.018), thus showing that estrogen per se can induce greater irregularity of GH secretion. Third, in 5 boys with constitutionally delayed puberty, im testosterone administration also significantly increased ApEn of 24-h GH time series (P = 0.0045). In counterpoint, 5 alpha-dihydrotestosterone, a nonaromatizable androgen, failed to produce a significant ApEn increase (P > 0.43). We conclude from these three distinct experimental contexts that aromatization of testosterone to estrogen in boys, or estrogen itself in girls, is likely the proximate sex-steroid stimulus amplifying secretory activity of the GH axis in puberty. In addition, based on inferences derived from mathematical models that mechanistically link increased disorderliness (higher ApEn) to network changes, we suggest that sex-steroid hormones in normal puberty modulate feedback within, and hence network function of, the hypothalamo-pituitary/GH-insulin-like growth factor I axis. FAU - Veldhuis, J D
Long-term effects of vitamin D supplementation in vitamin D deficient obese children participating in an integrated weight-loss programme (a double-blind placebo-controlled study) - rationale for the study design.$$$ BACKGROUND: Obesity is associated not only with an array of metabolic disorders (e.g. insulin resistance, hiperinsulinemia, impaired tolerance of glucose, lipid disorders) but also skeletal and joint abnormalities. Recently, a pleiotropic role of vitamin D has been emphasized. Obese children frequently present with vitamin D deficiency, and greater fat mass is associated with lower serum concentration of this vitamin. Although some evidence suggests that weight loss may affect vitamin D status, this issue has not been studied extensively thus far. The aim of a double-blind placebo-controlled study is to assess long-term health effects of vitamin D supplementation in vitamin D deficient obese children participating in an integrated weight-loss programme. METHODS: A randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled trial analysing the effects of vitamin D3 supplementation in overweight or obese vitamin D deficient (<30 ng/ml) children participating in an integrated weight-loss programme. Children are randomized to receive either vitamin D (1200 IU) or placebo for 26 weeks. Primary endpoints include changes in BMI (body mass index), body composition and bone mineral density at the end of the study period, and secondary endpoints - the changes in laboratory parameter reflecting liver and kidney function (transaminases, creatinine) and glucose homeostasis (glucose and insulin levels during oral glucose tolerance test). DISCUSSION: The effects of vitamin D supplementation in obese individuals, especially children, subjected to a weight-loss program are still poorly understood. Considering physiological processes associated with puberty and adolescent growth, we speculate that supplementation may enhance weight reduction and prevent bone loss in obese children deficient in this vitamin. TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT 02828228 ; Trial registration date: 8 Jun 2016; Registered in: ClinicalTrials.gov. The trial was registered retrospectively. FAU - Szlagatys-Sidorkiewicz, Agnieszka
Thyroid Hormone and Skeletal Development.$$$ Thyroid hormone (TH) is essential for skeletal development from the late fetal life to the onset of puberty. During this large window of actions, TH has key roles in endochondral and intramembranous ossifications and in the longitudinal bone growth. There is evidence that TH acts directly in skeletal cells but also indirectly, specially via the growth hormone/insulin-like growth factor-1 axis, to control the linear skeletal growth and maturation. The presence of receptors, plasma membrane transporters, and activating and inactivating enzymes of TH in skeletal cells suggests that direct actions of TH in these cells are crucial for skeletal development, which has been confirmed by several in vitro and in vivo studies, including mouse genetic studies, and clinical studies in patients with resistance to thyroid hormone due to dominant-negative mutations in TH receptors. This review examines progress made on understanding the mechanisms by which TH regulates the skeletal development.
Menstrual irregularity: a possible clinical marker of metabolic dysfunction in women with class III obesity.$$$ PURPOSE: To evaluate whether menstrual irregularity in morbidly obese women is indicative of metabolic dysfunction. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Fifty-seven women with morbid obesity were evaluated. They were divided into two groups: one comprising women without menstrual dysfunctions or hirsutism (Group 1), and another obese women showing menstrual dysfunction with or without hirsutism (Group 2). The following were evaluated: age, colour, childbirth, marital status, profession, socio-economic level, education, age at menarche, body weight, height, body mass index, presence of hirsutism (Ferriman Gallwey Index), abdominal circumference, hip circumference, waist-to-hip ratio, menstrual cycle, blood pressure, presence of acanthosis nigricans, insulin resistance (IR), fasting glycaemia, total cholesterol, HDL-C, LDL-C, triglycerides, thyroid-stimulating hormone, free T4, luteinising hormone (LH), follicle-stimulating hormone, prolactin, total testosterone, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, insulin and the Homeostasis Model Assessment (HOMA test). RESULTS: Clinical and epidemiological aspects did not present statistical differences. Clinical and laboratory parameters did not show statistically significant alterations; however, HOMA test values for Group 2 were significantly higher than those for Group 1. CONCLUSIONS: The presence of IR in class III obese women can cause menstrual dysfunctions such as amenorrhoea or oligomenorrhoea even in the absence of hyperandrogenism, suggesting that IR plays an important role in the ovarian mechanisms involved in the menstrual cycle control. FAU - Souza, F A C
Endocrine dysfunction following traumatic brain injury in children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To identify the incidence of endocrine dysfunction in children following traumatic brain injury (TBI). STUDY DESIGN: This was a prospective evaluation of 31 children after TBI. Inclusion criteria included Glasgow Coma Scale score ≤ 12 and age 1.5-18 years. We evaluated thyroid function, insulin-like growth factor I, insulin-like growth factor-binding protein 3, and cortisol at 1, 3, 6, and 12 months after injury, and assessed prolactin at 3 and 6 months. At 6 months, we also assessed overnight spontaneous growth hormone secretion, nocturnal thyrotropin surge, adrenal reserve, and serum and urine osmolarity. RESULTS: The average patient age was 11.6 years, and mean Glascow Coma Scale score was 6. The incidence of endocrine dysfunction was 15% at 1 month, 75% at 6 months, and 29% at 12 months. At 12 months after injury, 14% had precocious puberty, 9% had hypothyroidism, and 5% had growth hormone deficiency. Endocrine dysfunction at 1 year did not correlate with the severity of injury. CONCLUSIONS: Endocrine dysfunction after TBI is common in children, but most cases resolve by 1 year. We recommend endocrine surveillance at both 6 and 12 months following moderate or severe TBI to ensure early intervention for persistent or late-occurring endocrine sequelae.
Use of bisphosphonate therapy for osteoporosis in childhood and adolescence.$$$ Congenital and acquired forms of osteoporosis in childhood and adolescence can result in morbidity from fracture and pain in childhood, and place an individual at significant risk for problems in adult life. A range of therapies exist for the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis, including optimization of daily calcium intake, adequate vitamin D status, weight-bearing exercise, treatment with sex steroids where delayed puberty is a problem and, more recently, use of bisphosphonate therapy. Intravenous pamidronate therapy (a bisphosphonate) has been shown to reduce fractures and improve bone density in children with osteogenesis imperfecta, and might prove to be of benefit in other osteoporotic conditions in childhood. However, a number of issues regarding the optimal use of bisphosphonate therapy in children and adolescents remain to be resolved, including total annual dose and frequency and duration of administration. Bisphosphonate therapy should, therefore, be used only in the context of a well-run clinical programme with specialist knowledge in the management of osteopenic disorders in childhood. FAU - Batch, J A
Serum insulin-like growth factor-I, insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3, and the pubertal growth spurt in the female rhesus monkey.$$$ While there is good evidence suggesting IGF-I links to pubertal development and crown-rump length growth among rhesus monkeys, linkages between IGF-I and other measures of morphological growth have not been established. In this study, the pubertal growth spurt in a number of morphological characteristics of female rhesus monkeys is related to serum endocrine status of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and its binding protein, insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3), to test the hypothesis that elevations in IGF-I and IGFBP-3 coincide with the time of greatest growth rate of different morphological characteristics. A longitudinal study of pubertal growth among four female rhesus monkeys was carried out across a 3-year period. Morphometric measurements included weight, crown-rump length, foot-length, and skinfolds at five sites (biceps, triceps, abdominal, subscapular, and suprailiac). These measures were taken as being representative of total mass, skeletal growth of the trunk and head, limb length, and body fatness, respectively. Measurements were carried out as closely as possible to 3-monthly, with interpolations being performed to standardise the data to exactly 3-monthly intervals for all individuals. Blood samples were taken at time of morphometry. Elevations in serum IGF-I and IGFBP-3 took place in a manner similar to that of humans, and across the period associated with onset of puberty. Mean 3-monthly gain in crown-rump length and foot length showed significant peaks across the measurement period, while mean 3-monthly gains in weight and sum of five skinfolds did not. Greatest foot length gain occurred on average between 3-3.5 years of age, while crown-rump length gain was greatest between 3.75-4 years of age. Periods of greatest gain in crown-rump length and foot length took place across the period of elevated serum IGF-I levels, which was between 3-4.5 years of age. Significant elevations in IGF-I and IGFBP-3 were not coincident with greatest gains in foot length or crown-rump length. Thus the hypothesis does not hold true for the two measures showing significant peaks in 3-monthly gain across the measurement period. The nature of the endocrine impact on macaque morphology remains unclear, although this may be fundamental to the understanding of the variation in the pubertal growth spurt and its influence on morphology at maturity both within and across primate species.
High doses of caffeine reduce in vivo osteogenic activity in prepubertal rats.$$$ Caffeine adversely affects endochondral ossification during fetal skeletal growth, and results in increased incidence of delayed and abnormal fetal skeletal development. Chronic caffeine intake also decreases growth hormone secretion. Thus, it is conceivable that caffeine may disrupt bone growth during the peripubertal period. This study aimed to investigate the impact of high-caffeine consumption on bone growth throughout puberty. A total of 51 male rats (21 days old) were divided randomly into three groups: a control group and two groups fed caffeine via gavage with 120 and 180 mg kg(-1)  day(-1) for 4 weeks. After death, the final length and weight of leg bones were measured, and the tibia processed for histomorphometric analysis. Caffeine caused a significant decrease in body mass gain. This was accompanied with proportional decreases in lean body mass and body fat. In addition, bone mass and osteogenic activity in vivo were assessed using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry and (18) F-NaF positron emission tomography. The results showed significant decreases of bone mass and in vivo osteogenic activity in the caffeine-fed groups. Rats fed with caffeine showed a significantly shorter and lighter tibia and femur and the vertebral column compared with controls. In addition, caffeine does not increase the width of the growth plates (GPs), it slows the rate at which the GP closes due to a slower rate of growth. These results demonstrated that caffeine altered osteogenic activity, leading to delayed peripubertal longitudinal bone growth and maturation. Given that osteogenic cells undergo dynamic changes in metabolic activity and that the pubertal growth spurt is mainly stimulated by growth hormone/insulin-like growth factor-1 and sex steroids during pubertal development, caffeine could suppress ossification by interfering with both physiological changes in hormonal secretion and osteogenic activity during this critical period. Further study will be needed to investigate the cellular/molecular mechanism by which caffeine affects osteogenesis using in vitro experimental models.
[Evaluation of mammography and risk of developing breast cancer in patients with ovarian or endometrial cancer].$$$ AIM: In this study our aim is to evaluate the reproductive factors determining the risk for breast cancer and the mammographical density in patients with ovarian or endometrial carcinoma. MATERIALS AND METHODS: 24 patients with epithelial ovarian carcinoma and 35 patients with endometrial adenocarcinoma who were hospitalized at Izmir Ataturk Training and Research Hospital between the dates of May 2005 and June 2006 for diagnosis, treatment and follow-up were included to our study. The control group was formed with 25 healthy women of over 40 years of age applied to our mammography unit for routine screening. All patients were questioned by means of reproductive risk factors for breast cancer. Mammographical images were gained in two projections as craniocaudal and mediolateral. Mammographical images were evaluated by using BI-RADS scoring system in terms of density and by one radiologist. Plasma E2 levels were taken from all postmenaupausal patients. RESULTS: Mean age was higher in patients with endometrial carcinoma. The age of menarche was higher in patients with ovarian carcinoma. There were no significant differences between the groups in terms of age of menaupose, age of first delivery, lactation and duration of lactation, HRT use and incidence of type-2 diabetes. No any significant difference was detected in terms of E2 levels and mammographical density. DISCUSSION: Reproductive risk factors for breast cancer in patients with ovarian and endometrial carcinoma were not different from the healthy population. The results of our study didn't reflect the reported increased risk rates for breast cancer. FAU - Ietimalar, H
New NR5A1 mutations and phenotypic variations of gonadal dysgenesis.$$$ Mutations in NR5A1 have been reported as a frequent cause of 46,XY disorders of sex development (DSD) associated to a broad phenotypic spectrum ranging from infertility, ambiguous genitalia, anorchia to gonadal dygenesis and female genitalia. Here we present the clinical follow up of four 46,XY DSD patients with three novel heterozygous mutations in the NR5A1 gene leading to a p.T40P missense mutation and a p.18DKVSG22del nonframeshift deletion in the DNA-binding domain and a familiar p.Y211Tfs*83 frameshift mutation. Functional analysis of the missense and nonframeshift mutation revealed a deleterious character with loss of DNA-binding and transactivation capacity. Both, the mutations in the DNA-binding domain, as well as the familiar frameshift mutation are associated with highly variable endocrine values and phenotypic appearance. Phenotypes vary from males with spontaneous puberty, substantial testosterone production and possible fertility to females with and without Müllerian structures and primary amenorrhea. Exome sequencing of the sibling's family revealed TBX2 as a possible modifier of gonadal development in patients with NR5A1 mutations. FAU - Werner, Ralf
Associations of protein intake in early childhood with body composition, height, and insulin-like growth factor I in mid-childhood and early adolescence.$$$ BACKGROUND: Early protein intake may program later body composition and height growth, perhaps mediated by insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I). In infancy, higher protein intake is consistently associated with higher IGF-I concentrations and more rapid growth, but associations of protein intake after infancy with later growth and IGF-I are less clear. OBJECTIVES: Our objective was to examine associations of protein intake in early childhood (median 3.2 y) with height, IGF-I, and measures of adiposity and lean mass in mid-childhood (median 7.7 y) and early adolescence (median 13.0 y), and with changes in these outcomes over time. We hypothesized that early childhood protein intake programs later growth. METHODS: We studied 1165 children in the Boston-area Project Viva cohort. Mothers reported children's diet using food-frequency questionnaires. We stratified by child sex and examined associations of early childhood protein intake with mid-childhood and early adolescent BMI z score, skinfold thicknesses, dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) fat mass, DXA lean mass, height z score, and IGF-I concentration. We adjusted linear regression models for race/ethnicity, family sociodemographics, parental and birth anthropometrics, breastfeeding status, physical activity, and fast food intake. RESULTS: Mean protein intake in early childhood was 58.3 g/d. There were no associations of protein intake in early childhood with any of the mid-childhood outcomes. Among boys, however, each 10-g increase in early childhood total protein intake was associated with several markers of early adolescent size, namely BMI z score (0.12 higher; 95% CI: 0.01, 0.23), DXA lean mass index (1.34% higher; 95% CI: -0.07%, 2.78%), and circulating IGF-I (5.67% higher; 95% CI: 0.30%, 11.3%). There were no associations with fat mass and no associations with any adolescent outcomes among girls. CONCLUSIONS: Early childhood protein intake may contribute to programming lean mass and IGF-I around the time of puberty in boys, but not to adiposity development. This study was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02820402.
Relationship between vitamin D receptor (VDR) polymorphisms and the efficacy of recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) treatment in children with idiopathic short stature.$$$ Polymorphisms in the vitamin D receptor (VDR) gene are associated with idiopathic short stature (ISS) in several countries. This study aimed to identify a possible correlation between polymorphisms in the VDR promoter in Chinese children with ISS and the efficacy of the recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) treatment. Pre-pubertal children with ISS and healthy age- and gender-matched children (N = 95 each) were enrolled in this study. Two single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in the VDR promoter (rs11568820 at the Cdx-2-binding site upstream of exon 1e and rs4516035 at -1012 upstream of exon 1a) were typed. The growth velocity, standard deviation score (SDS) of height for chronological age, height SDS for bone age, predicted adult height, and serum insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) and IGF-binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3) levels of the ISS patients were determined before and 6 months after rhGH treatment. No significant differences were observed in the genotype frequencies between the ISS cases and controls. After rhGH treatment, the growth velocity of the A/G genotype at the Cdx-2-binding site SNP locus was significantly higher than that of the G/G genotype; the IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 levels were also higher in the treated group than the untreated group. However, these changes were independent of the VDR-promoter genotype. Polymorphisms in the VDR promoter may not result in the pathogenesis of ISS in Chinese children. The A/G genotype showed a significantly higher growth velocity than the G/G genotype, and may represent a short-term marker of growth potential. FAU - Wang, W
Effect of low dose oxandrolone and testosterone treatment on the pituitary-testicular and GH axes in boys with constitutional delay of growth and puberty.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of low dose oxandrolone and testosterone on the pituitary-testicular and GH-IGF-I axes. DESIGN: Prospective double-blind placebo-controlled trial. PATIENTS: Sixteen boys with constitutional delay of growth and puberty (CDGP) with testicular volumes 4-6 ml were randomized to 3 months treatment: Group 1 (n = 5), daily placebo: Group 2 (n = 5), 2.5 mg oxandrolone daily or Group 3 (n = 6), 50 mg testosterone monthly intramuscular injections with assessment (growth, pubertal development and overnight hormone profiles) at 0, 3, 6 and 12 months. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: LH and GH profiles (15-minute samples) were analysed by peak detection (Pulsar), Fourier transformation and autocorrelation. Testosterone levels were measured hourly and insulin, SHBG, IGF-I, and IGFBP-3 levels at 0800 h. Statistical analysis was by multivariate analysis of variance for repeated measures. RESULTS: LH and testosterone parameters increased significantly with time in all 16 (LH AUC, P < 0.001; peak amplitude, P = 0.02; number of peaks, P = 0.02; testosterone AUC, P = 0.02; morning testosterone, P = 0.002). In Group 2, however, LH and testosterone parameters decreased at 3 months followed by a rebound increase at 6 and 12 months. SHBG levels were markedly reduced at 3 months (P = 0.006) and a wider range of dominant GH frequencies was present although GH AUC was not increased until 6 months, with an increase in GH pulse frequency but not amplitude. IGF-I levels were increased at both 3 and 12 months. In Group 3, pituitary-testicular suppression was not apparent, but GH levels increased with an increase in GH amplitude at 3 and 12 months. CONCLUSION: Oxandrolone transiently suppressed the pituitary-testicular axis and altered GH pulsatility. Testosterone increased GH via amplitude modulation. FAU - Crowne, E C
Growth and bone development.$$$ Osteoporosis is a major cause of morbidity and mortality through its association with age-related fractures. Although most effort in fracture prevention has been directed at retarding the rate of age-related bone loss, and reducing the frequency and severity of trauma among elderly people, evidence is growing that peak bone mass is an important contributor to bone strength during later life. The normal patterns of skeletal growth have been well characterized in cross-sectional and longitudinal studies. It has been confirmed that boys have higher bone mineral content, but not volumetric bone density, than girls. Furthermore, there is a dissociation between the peak velocities for height gain and bone mineral accrual, in both genders. Puberty is the period during which volumetric density appears to increase in both axial and appendicular sites. Many factors influence the accumulation of bone mineral during childhood and adolescence, including heredity, gender, diet, physical activity, endocrine status, and sporadic risk factors such as cigarette smoking. In addition to these modifiable factors during childhood, evidence has also accrued that fracture risk might be programmed during intrauterine life. Epidemiological studies have demonstrated a relationship between birthweight, weight in infancy, and adult bone mass. This appears to be mediated through modulation of the set-point for basal activity of pituitary-dependent endocrine systems such as the hypothalamicpituitary-adrenal and growth hormone/insulin-like growth factor-1 axes. Maternal smoking, diet (particularly vitamin D deficiency), and physical activity also appear to modulate bone mineral acquisition during intrauterine life; furthermore, both low birth size and poor childhood growth are directly linked to the later risk of hip fracture. The optimization of maternal nutrition and intrauterine growth should also be included within preventive strategies against osteoporotic fracture, albeit for future generations. FAU - Cooper, Cyrus
Influence of GnRH analog therapy on body mass in central precocious puberty.$$$ THE AIM OF THE STUDY: Was to evaluate the body mass index (BMI) changes in girls with central precocious puberty (CPP) treated with a GnRH analog (GnRHa) and to analyse the factors affecting BMI. MATERIAL AND METHODS: 43 girls with puberty onset aged (mean, +/-SD) 6.1+/-1.9, treated with 3.75 mg Decapeptyl Depot i.m. every 28 days. The treatment was initiated at the age of 7.5+/-2.1 year and continued for 3.3+/-2.2 year until the age of 11.4+/-0.9 year. The height, weight and BMI data were evaluated before, during and after GnRH agonist administration. Using recommended Polish BMI cut-off values we defined overweight in children of 90th and 97th centiles and obesity above 97th centile. RESULTS: There was no statistical difference between BMI SD score before initiation of therapy and at the end of therapy (p=0.49). 9.8% of the cohort were overweight and 22.0% were obese before treatment. At the end of the therapy 18.6% children were overweight and 14.0% obese. These differences were not statistically significant. There was no significant correlation between overweight and obesity at the end of treatment and the duration of the therapy (r=-0.17) and with the duration of CPP before introduction of GnRH therapy (r= -0.11). CONCLUSIONS: 1.Overweight and obesity are not related to long term pituitary-gonadal suppression due to GnRH analogue treatment. 2. The rate of overweight and obesity among children with CPP is higher than in the general population. Thus detailed evaluation of metabolic status of overweight children with CPP should be performed in order to prevent complications of the metabolic syndrome. FAU - Głab, Ewa
Early, discontinuous, high dose growth hormone treatment to normalize height and weight of short children born small for gestational age: results over 6 years.$$$ Most children born small for gestational age (SGA) normalize their size through spontaneous catch-up growth within the first 2 yr after birth. Some SGA children fail to do so and maintain an abnormally short stature throughout childhood. We have previously reported that high dose GH treatment (66 or 100 microg/kg x day s.c. over 2 yr; age at start, 2-8 yr; n = 38) induces pronounced catch-up growth in short children born SGA, thereby normalizing their height and weight in childhood. Here, we report on the further prepubertal growth course of these children over the first 4 yr after withdrawal of early, high dose GH treatment. Of the 38 treated children, none developed precocious puberty, and 22 remained prepubertal. Mean age of the latter at start of GH was 4.4 yr, height was -3.7 SD score, and height after adjustment for midparental height was -2.9 SD score. Height increased by an average of 2.5 SD during the 2 yr of GH treatment and decreased by 0.4 and 0.3 SD, respectively, during the first and second year after GH withdrawal. Subsequently, when stature was not extremely short at the start (mean adjusted height SD score, -2.7; n = 13), no further GH treatment was given, and the adjusted height was stabilized around -1.0 SD score; when stature was very short at the start (mean adjusted height, -3.3 SD score; n = 9), a second course of GH treatment (66 microg/kg x day s.c.) was initiated either 2 yr (n = 5) or 3 yr (n = 4) after initial GH withdrawal. This second course was associated with renewed catch-up growth and also resulted in a mean adjusted height of -1.0 SD score. In each subgroup, the pattern of the weight course paralleled that of the height course; GH treatment was well tolerated. In conclusion, early, discontinuous, high dose GH treatment appears to be a safe and efficient option to normalize prepubertal height and weight in the majority of short SGA children. It remains to be examined whether the normalized stature will be maintained during pubertal development, either with or without further GH treatment. FAU - de Zegher, F
Fractures and bone mineral density in adult women with 21-hydroxylase deficiency.$$$ CONTEXT: Patients with classical congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) receive lifelong, often supraphysiological, glucocorticoid therapy. Pharmacological doses of glucocorticoids are an established risk factor for osteoporosis. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to evaluate bone mineral density (BMD), fracture prevalence, and markers of bone metabolism in adult females with CAH. DESIGN: This was a cross-sectional observational study. SETTING: Tertiary care referral centers were used in this study. PARTICIPANTS: We studied 61 women, aged 18-63 yr, with genetically verified CAH due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency. They were patients with salt wasting (n = 27), simple virilizing (n = 28), and nonclassical 21-hydroxylase deficiency (n = 6). A total of 61 age-matched women were controls. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: History of fractures was recorded. Total body, lumbar spine, and femoral neck BMD were measured by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry. The World Health Organization criteria for osteopenia and osteoporosis were used. Serum marker of bone resorption, beta-C telopeptide was studied. RESULTS: The mean glucocorticoid dose in hydrocortisone equivalents was 16.9 +/- 0.9 mg/m2. Patients had lower BMD than controls at all measured sites (P < 0.001). In patients younger than 30 yr old, 48% were osteopenic vs. 12% in controls (P < 0.009). In patients 30 yr or older, 73% were osteopenic or osteoporotic vs. 21% in controls (P < 0.001). BMD was similar in the two classical forms and had no obvious relationship to genotypes. beta-C-telopeptide was decreased in older patients. More fractures were reported in patients than controls (P < 0.001). The number of vertebrae and wrist fractures almost reached significance (P = 0.058). CONCLUSIONS: Women with CAH have low BMD and increased fracture risk. BMD should be monitored, adequate prophylaxis and treatment instituted, and glucocorticoid doses optimized from puberty. FAU - Falhammar, Henrik
Serum Osteocalcin Levels in Girls with Central Precocious Puberty: Relation to the Onset of Puberty.$$$ Osteocalcin is the non-collagenous protein produced by osteoblasts in bone. When it is released into systemic circulation in its uncarboxylated form, it regulates fat and glucose metabolism. Recent studies have shown that osteocalcin is also involved in male fertility. Because the onset of puberty is determined by ethnic, genetic, environmental, and metabolic factors, we focused on determining the role of osteocalcin in the onset of puberty. Central precocious puberty (CPP) is defined as the activation of the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis before the age of 8 in girls and 9 in boys. CPP is diagnosed when peak luteinizing hormone (LH) reaches ≥ 5.0 IU/l after stimulation with gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH). This retrospective study included 206 girls who showed breast budding before the age of 8 and whose bone age was more advanced than their chronological age. The CPP group included 100 girls who were diagnosed with CPP, and 106 girls were the non-CPP group whose peak LH did not reach ≥ 5.0 IU/l after GnRH stimulation test. Serum osteocalcin levels were measured to investigate the relationship between osteocalcin and the onset of puberty. Our data showed that serum osteocalcin levels were significantly higher in the CPP group (87.7 ± 24.4 ng/ml vs. 68.3 ± 19.5 ng/ml, P < 0.001). The multivariate analysis revealed that an increase in bone age and peak LH was significantly associated with the serum osteocalcin level. The results of this study suggest that serum osteocalcin is associated with the onset of puberty in girls. FAU - Lee, Won Young
Skeletal effects of developmental lead exposure in rats.$$$ To identify possible direct and indirect mechanisms underlying the effects of lead on skeletal growth, 3 studies were conducted. In the first study, 1 male and 1 female pup/litter (n = 5 litters), were exposed ad libitum to 0, 825, or 2475 ppm lead acetate in the drinking water from gestational day 4 to euthanasia on day 55. Tibial strength was tested by 3-point bending and plasma levels of vitamin D metabolites were measured. A dose-dependent decrease of the load to failure was demonstrated but only in male pups. No differences in plasma levels of vitamin D metabolites were observed. In the second study, conducted to test if hormone treatment would attenuate the lead deficits, male and female pups were exposed to 0 or 2475 ppm lead acetate and then, from 30-60 days of age, received either saline vehicle, L-dopa, testosterone (males only), dihydrotestosterone (DHT, males only), or estradiol (females only). Lead exposure significantly reduced somatic growth, longitudinal bone growth, and bone strength during the pubertal period. Sex steroid replacement did not restore skeletal parameters in lead-exposed rats. L-Dopa increased plasma insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF(1)) concentrations, rates of bone growth, and bone strength measures in controls while having no effect in lead-exposed pups. The third study was conducted at 100 days of age, when endocrine parameters have been shown to be normalized, to test for effects of lead exposure on bone formation during tibial limb lengthening (distraction osteogenesis, DO). Both DO gap x-ray density and proximal new endosteal bone formation were decreased in the distraction gaps of the lead-treated animals (p < 0.01). In conclusion, lead exposure reduced somatic growth, longitudinal bone growth, and bone strength during the pubertal period, and these effects could not be reversed by a growth hormone (GH) axis stimulator or by sex-appropriate hormones. Finally, lead exposure appears to specifically inhibit osteoblastogenesis in vivo in adult animals. FAU - Ronis, M J
Impact of the underlying etiology of growth hormone deficiency on serum IGF-I SDS levels during GH treatment in children.$$$ CONTEXT: Regular monitoring of serum IGF-I levels during growth hormone (GH) therapy has been recommended, for assessing treatment compliance and safety. OBJECTIVE: To investigate serum IGF-I SDS levels during GH treatment in children with GH deficiency, and to identify potential determinants of these levels. DESIGN, PATIENTS AND METHODS: This observational cohort study included all patients (n = 308) with childhood-onset non-acquired or acquired GH deficiency (GHD) included in the database of a single academic pediatric care center over a period of 10 years for whom at least one serum IGF-I SDS determination during GH treatment was available. These determinations had to have been carried out centrally, with the same immunoradiometric assay. Serum IGF-I SDS levels were determined as a function of sex, age and pubertal stage, according to our published normative data. RESULTS: Over a median of 4.0 (2-5.8) years of GH treatment per patient, 995 serum IGF-I SDS determinations were recorded. In addition to BMI SDS, height SDS and GH dose (P < 0.01), etiological group (P < 0.01) had a significant effect on serum IGF-I SDS levels, with patients suffering from acquired GHD having higher serum IGF-I SDS levels than those with non-acquired GHD, whereas sex, age, pubertal stage, treatment duration, hormonal status (isolated GHD (IGHD) vs multiple pituitary hormone deficiency (MPHD)) and initial severity of GHD, had no effect. CONCLUSIONS: These original findings have important clinical implications for long-term management and highlight the need for careful and appropriate monitoring of serum IGF-I SDS and GH dose, particularly in patients with acquired GHD, to prevent the unnecessary impact of potential comorbid conditions.
Protein intake and bone growth.$$$ Among osteotrophic nutrients, proteins play an important role in bone development, thereby influencing peak bone mass. Consequently, protein malnutrition during development can increase the risk of osteoporosis and of fragility fracture later in life. Both animal and human studies indicate that low protein intake can be detrimental for both the acquisition of bone mass during growth and its conservation during adulthood. Low protein intake impairs both the production and action of IGF-I (Insulin-like growth factor-I). IGF-I is an essential factor for bone longitudinal growth, as it stimulates proliferation and differentiation of chondrocytes in the epiphyseal plate, and also for bone formation. It can be considered as a key factor in the adjustments of calcium-phosphate metabolism required for normal skeletal development and bone mineralization during growth. In healthy children and adolescents, a positive association between the amount of ingested proteins and bone mass gain was observed in both sexes at the level of the lumbar spine, the proximal femur and the midfemoral shaft. This association appears to be particularly significant in prepubertal children. This suggests that, like for the bone response to either the intake of calcium or weight-bearing exercise, the skeleton would be particularly responsive to the protein intake during the years preceding the onset of pubertal maturation. FAU - Bonjour, J P
Evolving hypopituitarism following cranial irradiation.$$$ Increasing survival after treatment for childhood cancer in recent years has left many patients with long-term sequelae. Following cranial irradiation, changes in hypothalamic-pituitary function evolve over several years and multiple hormone deficiencies are frequently found. In the present study we describe a boy whose initial presentation with a cerebral tumour included central precocious puberty. He was followed for more than 15 years and sequentially developed deficiencies of growth hormone, thyroid-stimulating hormone, gonadotrophins and adrenocorticotropic hormone after high-dose cranial irradiation. Long-term endocrine follow up of such children is essential for the early diagnosis and optimal management of hormone deficiencies. FAU - Kanumakala, S
Monitoring of insulin-like growth factors during growth hormone treatment: adulthood growth hormone deficiency.$$$ Decisions on growth hormone (GH) dosing in paediatric practice have depended on body weight or surface area calculations. Although this policy was used initially in the treatment of adult patients, it has become apparent both in clinical studies and longitudinal observation that this results in relative overtreatment of male patients, with a high incidence of immediate side effects, and undertreatment of females. Use of individualized GH dosing against serum IGF-I has proven useful in optimizing therapy across the whole adult age range, including the elderly and in patients who are in transition from post-puberty to full somatic development. It also eliminates gender differences in susceptibility. In this respect, serum IGF-I is superior to other GH-dependent peptides. However, on present evidence, serum IGF-I should be regarded primarily as a safety marker rather than a specific therapeutic marker. FAU - Monson, John P
Effect of Antiandrogen, Aromatase Inhibitor, and Gonadotropin-releasing Hormone Analog on Adult Height in Familial Male Precocious Puberty.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Antiandrogen, aromatase inhibitor, and gonadotropin-releasing hormone analog (GnRHa) treatment normalizes growth rate and bone maturation and increases predicted adult height (AH) in boys with familial male-limited precocious puberty (FMPP). To evaluate the effect of long-term antiandrogen, aromatase inhibitor, and GnRHa on AH, boys with FMPP who were treated were followed to AH. STUDY DESIGN: Twenty-eight boys with FMPP, referred to the National Institutes of Health, were started on antiandrogen and aromatase inhibitor at 4.9 ± 1.5 years of age; GnRHa was added at 6.9 ± 1.5 years of age. Treatment was discontinued at 12.2 ± 0.5 years of age (bone age, 14.4 ± 1.3). AH was assessed at 16.4 ± 1.3 years of age (bone age, 18.5 ± 0.6). RESULTS: AH (mean ± SD) for all treated subjects was 173.6 ± 6.8 cm (-0.4 ± 1.0 SD relative to adult US males). For 25 subjects with pretreatment predicted AH, AH significantly exceeded predicted AH at treatment onset (173.8 ± 6.9 vs 164.9 ± 10.7 cm; P < .001), but fell short of predicted AH at treatment discontinuation (177.3 ± 9.0 cm; P < .001). For 11 subjects with maternal or sporadic inheritance, the mean AH was 3.1 cm (0.4 SD score) below sex-adjusted midparental height (175.4 ± 5.8 vs 178.5 ± 3.1 cm [midparental height]; P = .10). For 16 subjects with affected and untreated fathers, AH was significantly greater than fathers' AH (172.8 ± 7.4 vs 168.8 ± 7.2 cm; P < .05). CONCLUSIONS: Long-term treatment with antiandrogen, aromatase inhibitor, and GnRHa in boys with FMPP results in AH modestly below sex-adjusted midparental height and within the range for adult males in the general population.
Hypogonadotropic Hypogonadism in Males with Glycogen Storage Disease Type 1.$$$ BACKGROUND: Glycogen storage disease type 1 is an autosomal recessive disorder with an incidence of 1 in 100,000. Long-term complications include chronic blood glucose lability, lactic academia, short stature, osteoporosis, delayed puberty, gout, progressive renal insufficiency, systemic or pulmonary hypertension, hepatic adenomas at risk for malignant transformation, anemia, vitamin D deficiency, hyperuricemic nephrocalcinosis, inflammatory bowel syndrome (type 1b), hypertriglyceridemia, and irregular menstrual cycles. We describe hypogonadotropic hypogonadism as a novel complication in glycogen storage disease (GSD) type 1. Case Studies and Methods: Four unrelated patients with GSD 1a (N = 1) and 1b (N = 3) were found to have hypogonadotropic hypogonadism diagnosed at different ages. Institutional Research Ethics Board approval was obtained as appropriate. Participant consent was obtained. A retrospective chart review was performed and clinical symptoms and results of investigations summarized as a case series. RESULTS: All patients were confirmed biochemically to have low luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicular stimulating hormone (FSH), and correspondingly low total testosterone. Clinical symptoms of hypogonadism varied widely. Investigations for other causes of hypogonadotropic hypogonadism were unremarkable. In addition, all patients were found to have disproportionately low bone mineral density at the lumbar spine compared to the hip. Common to all patients was erratic metabolic control, including recurrent hypoglycemia and elevated lactate levels. DISCUSSION: Recurrent elevations in cortisol in response to hypoglycemia may be the underlying pathology leading to suppression of gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) release. Incorporating clinical and/or biochemical screening of the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis may be important in the management of this disease. Testosterone therapy however needs to be carefully considered because of the risk of hepatic adenomas. FAU - Wong, Evelyn M
Clinical and biochemical determinants of bone metabolism and bone mass in adolescent female patients with anorexia nervosa.$$$ Among pathologies prevalent in western societies, anorexia nervosa has increased over the last decade. Its effects on bone mass need to be defined, and prognostic factors, either clinical or biochemical, could aid clinicians in individual patient management. To determine which clinical and/or biochemical parameters could be related to bone mass status in adolescent female anorexia nervosa patients, 73 female patients were classified according to different stages of their illness and studied in terms of clinical and biochemical parameters and bone densitometric mineral content at lumbar spine. Patients (age 17.2 +/- 1.7 y, mean +/- SD) with Tanner pubertal stage 5, regular menstruation for more than 3 mo before the onset of secondary amenorrhea, and diagnosed with anorexia nervosa were consecutively studied and classified in three clinical situations: I) active phase (34 patients): undernourished and amenorrheic; II) weight recovered but still amenorrheic (20 patients); III) fully recovered (19 patients). Clinical data were recorded at the time of bone density measurement, concomitant with blood sample extraction for study of IGF-I, IGF-binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3), IGFBP-1, estradiol, sex hormone-binding globulin, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, prealbumin, amino-terminal propeptide of procollagen III, osteocalcin, bone alkaline phosphatase, carboxy-terminal propeptide of procollagen I, amino-terminal propeptide of procollagen I, carboxy-terminal telopeptide of collagen I, 25-OH-vitamin D, 1,25(OH)(2)-vitamin D, and parathormone. In addition, a 24-h urine collection was made for cortisol, GH, deoxypyridinoline, amino-terminal telopeptide of collagen I, and calcium and creatinine content analysis. IGF-I, estradiol, and biochemical bone formation markers were higher and IGFBP-1, sex hormone-binding globulin, and biochemical bone resorption markers were lower in the weight-recovered stages (stages II and III) compared with the active phase (stage I). Bone formation markers correlated positively with body mass index SD score and IGF-I, whereas bone resorption markers correlated negatively with body mass index SD score and estradiol. Although no statistically significant differences regarding lumbar spine bone mineral density SD score values were recorded among the three stages of the illness, the proportion of osteopenic patients was clearly lower among stage III patients. The actual bone mineral density was inversely related to the duration of amenorrhea and directly related to duration of postmenarcheal menses before amenorrhea. In addition, a subset of osteopenic patients (five of 19) in the fully clinically recovered group with accelerated bone turnover was identified. Normal circulating estrogen level exposure time predicts actual bone mineral density at lumbar spine in young adolescent anorexia nervosa patients. In addition to psychiatric and nutritional interventions, estrogen-deprivation periods must be shortened to less than 20 mo. Patients remaining osteopenic at full clinical recovery require additional follow-up studies. FAU - Audí, Laura
Central dopamine D2 receptors regulate growth-hormone-dependent body growth and pheromone signaling to conspecific males.$$$ Competition between adult males for limited resources such as food and receptive females is shaped by the male pattern of pituitary growth hormone (GH) secretion that determines body size and the production of urinary pheromones involved in male-to-male aggression. In the brain, dopamine (DA) provides incentive salience to stimuli that predict the availability of food and sexual partners. Although the importance of the GH axis and central DA neurotransmission in social dominance and fitness is clearly appreciated, the two systems have always been studied unconnectedly. Here we conducted a cell-specific genetic dissection study in conditional mutant mice that selectively lack DA D2 receptors (D2R) from pituitary lactotropes (lacDrd2KO) or neurons (neuroDrd2KO). Whereas lacDrd2KO mice developed a normal GH axis, neuroDrd2KO mice displayed fewer somatotropes; reduced hypothalamic Ghrh expression, pituitary GH content, and serum IGF-I levels; and exhibited reduced body size and weight. As a consequence of a GH axis deficit, neuroDrd2KO adult males excreted low levels of major urinary proteins and their urine failed to promote aggression and territorial behavior in control male challengers, in contrast to the urine taken from control adult males. These findings reveal that central D2Rs mediate a neuroendocrine-exocrine cascade that controls the maturation of the GH axis and downstream signals that are critical for fitness, social dominance, and competition between adult males. FAU - Noaín, Daniela
Relationship between early menarche, obesity, and disordered eating behaviors: a school-based cross-sectional survey in Northern Saudi Arabia.$$$ BACKGROUND: Obesity and disordered eating (DE) behaviors are serious health concerns, regularly observed among female adolescents, which could progress to adverse psychological and nutritional sequels. AIM: The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence of obesity and the self-reported DE behaviors among high school female students and to evaluate their self-perception of body image, peer pressures, and need for dietary consultation. METHODS: This is a school-based cross-sectional study conducted in 2018. Self-administered surveys and anthropometric measurements were obtained from adolescent females, randomly selected from eight schools in northern Saudi Arabia. Sample characteristics were age, menarche, and DE behaviors (binge eating, self-induced vomiting, and usage of laxatives). Body mass index was converted to percentiles using the age-to-gender scale. Self-perception of body image, perceived peer pressures, and the Eating Attitude Test-26 (EAT-26) were scored, summated, and then presented in percentage mean scores (PMSs) and mean scores (MSs). RESULTS: Sample comprised 399 participants. One hundred twenty-eight (32.1%) participants reported early age of menarche (≤12 years). Sixty-five (16.3%) participants reported the prevalence of overweight/obesity, 123 (30.8%) participants reported binge eating, 28 (7.0%) participants reported self-induced vomiting, and 21 (5.3%) participants reported usage of laxatives. The PMS of self-perception of body weight and peer pressure was 68.7±27.1 and 41.9±23.5, respectively. One hundred ninety-two (48.1%) participants needed professional dietary help. Students with early age of menarche were 1.7 times more likely to be overweight/obese (adjusted [adj] P=0.018) compared to others. Overweight/obese participants had significantly poorer self-perception of body image (PMS =47.4±25.0) and higher perceived peer pressure (PMS =49.5±23.1) compared to underweight/normal weight students (PMS =72.8±25.6 [P<0.001] and PMS =40.5±23.3 [P=0.005], respectively). Participants with early age of menarche complained of higher perceived peer pressure compared to others (P=0.045). Participants with DE behaviors had higher peer pressure (PMS =46.8±23.5) and higher scores on E-26 (MS =22.2±11.4) compared to their counter groups (P=0.002 and 0.016, respectively). CONCLUSION: The high rate of overweight/obesity and DE behaviors among female adolescents is alarming. Special consideration should be made for those with early menarche who were more prone to overweight/obesity. FAU - Almuhlafi, Mashael
Multiple pituitary hormone deficiency (MPHD) associated with normal height, absent puberty and obesity.$$$ We present a 22-year old girl with MPHD and a normal pituitary imaging (MRI) who grew to normal size without GH. She was very obese. At age 19 years replacement therapy with hydrocortisone, L-thyroxine and sex steroids was started. Despite severe growth hormone deficiency according to the provocative tests and decreased IGF I level our patient grew normally. On follow up at age 22 she is 174cm tall. FAU - Doknic, Mirjana
Young adult survivors of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia: spontaneous GH secretion in relation to CNS radiation.$$$ BACKGROUND: Young adults who are long-term survivors of acute lymphoblastic leukaemia (ALL) in early childhood usually do well and do not have to go to regular medical checkups. Many of these survivors did receive prophylactic cranial radiotherapy during their oncological treatment. The effect of cranial irradiation on the hypothalamus is considered to be progressive. Therefore, late effects, such as reduced growth hormone (GH) secretion, may remain undetected until adulthood. PROCEDURE: Records from all patients treated for ALL before the onset of puberty in the region of West Sweden, between 1 January 1973 and 31 December 1985 were included, provided they were in first remission with a minimum follow-up time of 15 years, and a minimum age of 20. These criteria were met by 47 young adults aged 20-32 years, of whom 35 agreed to participate. We studied spontaneous GH secretion over 24 hr, IGF-I and IGFBP-3, final height and BMI. The patients had been treated according to three consecutive Swedish childhood leukaemia group protocols. The median follow-up time was 20 years, and 19 of the patients had been treated with cranial irradiation (CRT+), 16 had not (CRT-). RESULTS: CRT+ patients had significantly lower maximal peaks of GH than CRT- patients. Fifty percent of the CRT+ patients had a GH(max) below the cut-off level (3.3 microg/l), for GH treatment. CRT- patients all had GH(max) levels considered within the normal range. Final height of all the patients, except one CRT+ women, was in the range of expected midparental height, the median loss in final height in the CRT+ patients was 0.8 standard deviation (SD). No patient in this study was obese by definition (BMI <30 kg/m(2)). IGF-I and IGFBP-3 concentrations did not correlate to variations in spontaneous GH secretion in these patients. CONCLUSIONS: In spite of the little effect on final height, we found impaired spontaneous GH secretion in 79% of young adults 20-32 years of age, and GH deficiency (GHD) in 47% after low-dose cranial irradiation in early childhood. The consequences of this low-GH secretion need to be investigated.
Training reduces catabolic and inflammatory response to a single practice in female volleyball players.$$$ We examined the effect of training on hormonal and inflammatory response to a single volleyball practice in elite adolescent players. Thirteen female, national team level, Israeli volleyball players (age 16.0 ± 1.4 years, Tanner stage 4-5) participated in the study. Blood samples were collected before and immediately after a typical 60 minutes of volleyball practice, before and after 7 weeks of training during the initial phase of the season. Training involved tactic and technical drills (20% of time), power and speed drills (25% of time), interval sessions (25% of time), endurance-type training (15% of time), and resistance training (15% of time). To achieve greater training responses, the study was performed during the early phase (first 7 weeks) of the volleyball season. Hormonal measurements included the anabolic hormones growth hormone (GH), insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and IGF-binding protein-3, the catabolic hormone cortisol, the proinflammatory marker interleukin-6 (IL-6), and the anti-inflammatory marker IL-1 receptor antagonist. Training led to a significant improvement of vertical jump, anaerobic properties (peak and mean power by the Wingate Anaerobic Test), and predicted VO2max (by the 20-m shuttle run). Volleyball practice, both before and after the training intervention, was associated with a significant increase of serum lactate, GH, and IL-6. Training resulted in a significantly reduced cortisol response ([INCREMENT]cortisol: 4.2 ± 13.7 vs. -4.4 ± 12.3 ng · ml, before and after training, respectively; p < 0.02), and IL-6 response ([INCREMENT]IL-6: 1.3 ± 1.0 vs. 0.3 ± 0.4 pg · ml, before and after training, respectively; p < 0.01) to the same relative intensity volleyball practice. The results suggest that along with the improvement of power and anaerobic and aerobic characteristics, training reduces the catabolic and inflammatory response to exercise. FAU - Eliakim, Alon
Study of primary IGF-1 deficiency in Egyptian children with idiopathic short stature.$$$ BACKGROUND/AIMS: Primary insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) deficiency (IGFD) is defined by low levels of IGF-1 without growth hormone (GH) deficiency and absence of secondary causes. The aim of this study was to evaluate IGF-1 in Egyptian children with idiopathic short stature (ISS) and describe patients with IGFD. METHODS: This cross-sectional study included 50 children with ISS following up at the Diabetes Endocrine and Metabolism Pediatric Unit at Cairo University Pediatric Hospital. Children were included based on the following criteria: (1) short stature with current height standard deviation score (SDS) ≤-2.5; (2) age between 2 and 9 years in boys and 2 and 8 years in girls, and (3) prepubertal status. Exclusion criteria were: (1) identified cause of short stature and (2) pubertal children. IGF-1-deficient children were defined as children without GH deficiency and with IGF-1 levels below the 2.5th percentile. RESULTS: Among 50 children with ISS, 14 (28%) patients had low IGF-1 levels, consistent with the diagnosis of primary IGFD. When compared with non-IGFD children, IGFD children had lower birth weight SDS (-1.8 vs. -0.7 SDS, p < 0.0001) and lower height SDS (-4.2 vs. -3.1 SDS, p < 0.05) and more delayed bone age (2.6 vs. 1.6 years, p = 0.001). CONCLUSION: Primary IGF-1 deficiency is found in 28% of children with ISS.
Study of primary IGF-1 deficiency in Egyptian children with idiopathic short stature.$$$ OBJECTIVES: This is an evidence report prepared by the University of Connecticut/Hartford Hospital Evidence-based Practice Center (EPC) examining the benefits and harms associated with using recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) in patients with cystic fibrosis (CF). DATA SOURCES: MEDLINE (starting from 1950), Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews from the earliest possible date through April 2010. REVIEW METHODS: The methods used to answer questions of rhGH usage in CF patients specifically are given. Randomized controlled trials, observational studies, systematic reviews/meta-analyses, or case reports were included if they: administered rhGH therapy to patients with CF and reported data on pre-specified harms, intermediate outcomes or final health outcomes. Using a standardized protocol with predefined criteria, data on study design, interventions, quality criteria, study population, baseline characteristics, and outcomes was extracted. Some of the data allowed for statistical pooling. When pooling continuous endpoints, weighted mean differences (WMD) with 95 percent confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated using a DerSimonian and Laird random effects model. I(2) was used to detect statistical heterogeneity. Visual inspection of funnel plots and Egger’s weighted regression statistics were used to assess for publication bias. The overall body of evidence was graded for each outcome as insufficient, low, moderate, or high. RESULTS: Ten articles based on unique trials, eight articles based on trials reported in previous articles, and eight articles based on observational studies met our inclusion criteria. Controlled trials were limited to patients with CF and impaired baseline growth indices. Upon quantitative synthesis of controlled trials, several markers of pulmonary function [forced vital capacity (FVC) (WMD 0.67 L, 95 percent CI 0.24 to 1.09 L), percent predicted FVC (WMD 9.34 percent, 95 percent CI 3.41 to 15.27 percent), and forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV(1)) (WMD 0.23 L, 95 percent CI 0.01 to 0.46 L)], anthrometrics [change in height (WMD 3.13 cm, 95 percent CI 0.88 to 5.38 cm), height velocity (WMD 3.27 cm/year, 95 percent CI 2.33 to 4.21 cm/year), and height Z-score (WMD 0.51, 95 percent CI 0.35 to 0.66), weight (WMD 1.48 kg, 95 percent CI 0.62 to 2.33 kg), weight velocity (WMD 2.15 kg/year, 95 percent CI 1.52 to 2.78 kg/year), body mass index (BMI) (WMD 2.08 kg/m(2), 95 percent CI 1.20 to 2.96 kg/m(2)), percent ideal body weight (IBW) (WMD 12.57, 95 percent CI 7.01 to 18.12), lean body mass (LBM) (WMD 1.92 kg, 95 percent CI 1.47 to 2.37 kg)] and bone strength (bone mineral content (WMD 192 g, 95 percent CI 110 to 273 g)] were significantly improved versus control. A moderate to high degree of statistical heterogeneity was seen for many of these intermediate outcomes, but the directions of effect for individual studies were almost always consistent. Single-arm observational studies for the aforementioned outcomes were generally supportive of findings in clinical trials. Patients receiving rhGH therapy in controlled trials had no significant changes in percent predicted FEV(1) (WMD 2.43 percent, 95 percent CI −3.99 to 8.85 percent ), weight Z-score (WMD 0.49, 95 percent CI −0.02 to 1.00), exercise work rate (WMD 11.80 W, 95 percent CI −0.44 to 24.04 W), FEV(1) Z-score (WMD −0.005, 95 percent CI −0.22 to 0.21) or BMI Z-score (WMD −0.05, 95 percent CI −0.30 to 0.20) versus control therapy. Despite promising findings on intermediate outcomes, there is insufficient evidence to determine the effect of rhGH on IV antibiotic use during therapy, pulmonary exacerbations, health-related quality-of-life (HRQoL), bone consequences, or total mortality. There is moderate evidence to suggest that rhGH therapy reduces the rate of hospitalization (WMD −1.62 hospitalizations per year, 95 percent CI −1.98 to −1.26 hospitalizations per year) versus control although one trial not amenable for quantitative synthesis reported that there were no statistically significant differences in hospitalization days between groups. In qualitative assessment, rhGH therapy does not seem to improve sexual maturation in males and the impact in females cannot be determined at this time. In quantitative synthesis of controlled trials, rhGH therapy significantly increases fasting blood glucose (WMD 5.68 mg/dl, 95 percent CI 0.43 to 10.93 mg/dl) and nonsignificantly increases stimulated glucose concentrations (WMD 4.93 mg/dl (95, percent CI −15.13 to 24.98 mg/dl) but long term glucose control, as assessed by hemoglobin A1c, is not impacted (WMD −0.10 percent, 95 percent CI −0.40 to 0.20 percent) versus control. In qualitative analysis, insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) concentrations in rhGH treated patients are more than 100 ng/mL higher than control. While IGF-I is a marker for malignancy, insufficient evidence exists to determine the impact of rhGH on cancer incidence. In patients with CF not receiving rhGH, the associations between the aforementioned intermediate outcomes and final health outcomes were generally weak. CONCLUSIONS: rhGH improved almost all intermediate measures of pulmonary function, height, and weight in patients with CF. Improvements in bone mineral content are also promising. However, with the exception of hospitalizations, the benefits on final health outcomes cannot be directly determined at this time. In the relatively low doses used in CF patients for a time period of 6 to 12 months, rhGH therapy may worsen short term markers of glucose control but may not impact long terms glucose control. The increase in IGF-I with rhGH therapy is above a threshold thought to increase the risk of malignancy but the strength of this marker in determining malignancy is not firmly established. FAU - Phung, Olivia J
The effect of a volleyball practice on anabolic hormones and inflammatory markers in elite male and female adolescent players.$$$ The effect of a single exercise as well as exercise training on the growth hormone (GH)-insulin-like growth factor (IGF-I) axis and inflammatory cytokines was studied mainly in adults participating in individualized endurance-type sports. The gender-specific effect of exercise on these systems in adolescents is unknown. Therefore, the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of a typical volleyball practice on anabolic (GH, IGF-I, and testosterone) and catabolic hormones (cortisol) and inflammatory mediators (interleukin-6 [IL-6]) in elite, national team level, male (n = 14) and female (n = 13) adolescent volleyball players (13-18 years, Tanner stage 4-5). Exercise consisted of a typical 1-hour volleyball practice. Blood samples were collected before and immediately after the practice. Exercise led to significant increases in GH (0.2 +/- 0.1 to 2.7 +/- 0.7 and 1.7 +/- 0.5 to 6.4 +/- 1.4 ng x mL, in men and women, respectively, p < 0.05 for both), testosterone (6.1 +/- 0.9 to 7.3 +/- 1.0 and 2.4 +/- 0.6 to 3.3 +/- 0.7 ng x mL, in men and women, respectively, p < 0.05 for both), and IL-6 (1.1 +/- 0.6 to 3.1 +/- 1.5 and 1.2 +/- 0.5 to 2.5 +/- 1.1 pg x mL, in men and women, respectively, p < 0.002 for both). Exercise had no significant effect on IGF-I, insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3, and cortisol levels. There were no gender differences in the hormonal response to training. Changes in GH and testosterone after the volleyball practice suggest exercise-related anabolic adaptations. The increase in IL-6 may indicate its important role in muscle tissue repair. These changes may serve as an objective quantitative tool to monitor training intensity in unique occasions in team sports. FAU - Eliakim, Alon
Reproductive axis after discontinuation of gonadotropin-releasing hormone analog treatment of girls with precocious puberty: long term follow-up comparing girls with hypothalamic hamartoma to those with idiopathic precocious puberty.$$$ Although the GnRH agonist analogs have become an established treatment for precocious puberty, there have been few long term studies of reproductive function and general health after discontinuation of therapy. To this end, we compared peak LH and FSH after 100 microg sc GnRH, estradiol, mean ovarian volume (MOV), age of onset and frequency of menses, body mass (BMI), and incidence of neurological and psychiatric problems in 2 groups of girls: those with precocious puberty due to hypothalamic hamartoma (HH; n 18) and those with idiopathic precocious puberty (IPP; n = 32) who had been treated with deslorelin (4-8 microg/kg x day, s.c.) or histrelin (10 microg/kg x day, s.c.) for 3.1-10.3 yr and were observed at 1, 2, 3, and 4-5 yr after discontinuation of treatment. The endocrine findings were also compared to those in 14 normal perimenarcheal girls. There were no differences between the HH and IPP groups in age or bone age at the start of treatment, at the end of treatment, or during GnRH analog therapy. We found that whereas the peak LH level was higher in HH than in IPP girls before (165.5 +/- 129 vs. 97.5 +/- 55.7; P < 0.02) and at the end (6.8 +/- 6.0 vs. 3.9 +/- 1.8 mIU/mL; P < 0.05) of therapy, this difference did not persist at any of the posttherapy time points. LH, FSH, and estradiol rose into the pubertal range by 1 yr posttherapy in both HH and IPP. However, the mean posttherapy peak LH levels in both HH and IPP groups tended to be lower than normal, whereas the peak FSH levels were not different from normal, so that the overall posttherapy LH/FSH ratio was decreased compared to that in the normal girls (HH, 2.7 +/- 0.3; IPP, 2.6 +/- 0.1; normal, 5.2 +/- 4.8; P < 0.05). The MOV was larger in HH than IPP at the end of treatment (3.7 +/- 3.5 vs. 2.0 +/- 1.2 mL; P < 0.05) and tended to increase in both groups over time to become larger than that in normal girls by 4-5 yr posttherapy (HH, 14.9 +/- 12.9; IPP, 7.6 +/- 2.2; normal, 5.4 +/- 2.5 mL; P < 0.05). Whereas the onset of spontaneous menses varied widely in both groups, once menses had started, the HH group had a higher incidence of oligomenorrhea. Pelvic ultrasonography revealed more than 10-mm hypoechoic regions in 4 HH patients, 15 IPP patients, and 3 normal girls, all of whom were reporting regular menses. Live births of normal infants were reported by 2 HH and 2 IPP patients, and elective terminations of pregnancy were reported by 1 HH and 2 IPP patients. BMI was greater than normal in HH and IPP both before treatment and at all posttherapy time points and tended to be higher in the HH patients. Marked obesity (BMI, +2 to +5.2 SD score) was observed in 5 HH and 6 IPP patients, 1 of whom had a BMI of +2.5 SD score and developed acanthosis nigricans, insulin resistance, and hyperglycemia. Seizure disorders developed during GnRH analog therapy in 5 HH and 1 IPP patient, and 2 additional HH girls developed severe depression and emotional lability posttherapy. Although the mean anterior-posterior dimension of the hamartoma was larger in the HH patients with seizure than in those who were seizure free (1.7 +/- 1.2 vs. 0.9 +/- 0.4 cm; P < 0.05), no change in hamartoma size was observed either during or after therapy, and no patient has reported the onset of a seizure disorder posttherapy. Other than a tendency toward a larger MOV, a higher incidence of oligomenorrhea, obesity, and frequency of neurological disorders, recovery of the reproductive axis after GnRH analog therapy was not markedly different in HH compared to IPP. Continued follow-up of these patients may determine whether the decreased LH responses and increased BMI in both groups compared to those in normal girls remain clinically significant problems. FAU - Feuillan, P P
Effect of one-year growth hormone therapy on body composition and cardio-metabolic risk in Indian children with growth hormone deficiency.$$$ Growth hormone (GH) deficiency in children manifests as short stature but is also associated with metabolic disturbances. Paucity of GH is also likely to be associated with increased intima media thickness. Data on body composition (BC) and carotid intima media thickness (cIMT) in children with growth hormone deficiency (GHD) from developing countries are very scarce. Therefore, objectives of present study were to assess effect of 1 year of rhGH therapy on (i) BC and lipid profile (LP) in a cohort of Indian GHD children and (ii) effect on atherosclerotic markers - cIMT in subsample. Anthropometry, BC [% body fat (BF), % lean body mass (LBM), bone mineral content (BMC)] (DXA) and LP were measured in 49 pre-pubertal GHD-children (9.3 ± 3.1 years) at baseline and after 1 year of rhGH therapy. On subset of 20 children, cIMT of right common carotid artery was also measured. Baseline BC parameters were compared with age-gender matched healthy controls (n = 49). At baseline % BF was 23 ± 9 %, LBM was 9 ± 3 kg and BMC was 0.306 ± 0.15 kg in GHD- children; BF was comparable, while lean and bone were less than controls (p < 0.05). Post therapy, significant reduction in fat (15%), and cIMT (7%) and increase in LBM and BMC by 40% and 44%, respectively (p < 0.05) was seen. Our cohort of untreated GHD children had abnormal BC and cIMT as compared to controls. rhGH therapy for 1 year had beneficial effect on BC and cardiovascular risk factors. FAU - Khadilkar, Vaman
Intake of dietary carbohydrates in early adulthood and adolescence and breast density among young women.$$$ PURPOSE: Carbohydrate intake increases postprandial insulin secretion and may affect breast density, a strong risk factor for breast cancer, early in life. We examined associations of adolescent and early adulthood intakes of total carbohydrates, glycemic index/load, fiber, and simple sugars with breast density among 182 young women. METHODS: Diet was assessed using three 24-h recalls at each of five Dietary Intervention Study in Children (DISC) clinic visits when participants were age 10-19 years and at the DISC06 Follow-Up Study clinic visit when participants were age 25-29 years. Associations between energy-adjusted carbohydrates and MRI-measured percent dense breast volume (%DBV) and absolute dense breast volume (ADBV) at 25-29 years were quantified using multivariable-adjusted mixed-effects linear models. RESULTS: Adolescent sucrose intakes and premenarcheal total carbohydrates intakes were modestly associated with higher %DBV (mean %DBV(Q1 vs Q4), 16.6 vs 23.5% for sucrose; and 17.2 vs 22.3% for premenarcheal total carbohydrates, all P(trend) ≤ 0.02), but not with ADBV. However, adolescent intakes of fiber and fructose were not associated with %DBV and ADBV. Early adulthood intakes of total carbohydrates, glycemic index/load, fiber, and simple sugars were not associated with %DBV and ADBV. CONCLUSIONS: Insulinemic carbohydrate diet during puberty may be associated with adulthood breast density, but our findings need replication in larger studies. Clinical Trials Registration ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier, NCT00458588 April 9, 2007; NCT00000459 October 27, 1999. FAU - Jung, Seungyoun
Hyperleptinemia in children with autosomal recessive spinal muscular atrophy type I-III.$$$ BACKGROUND: Autosomal-recessive proximal spinal muscular atrophies (SMA) are disorders characterized by a ubiquitous deficiency of the survival of motor neuron protein that leads to a multisystemic disorder, which mostly affects alpha motor neurons. Disease progression is clinically associated with failure to thrive or weight loss, mainly caused by chewing and swallowing difficulties. Although pancreatic involvement has been described in animal models, systematic endocrinological evaluation of the energy metabolism in humans is lacking. METHODS: In 43 patients with SMA type I-III (8 type I; 22 type II; 13 type III), aged 0.6-21.8 years, auxological parameters, pubertal stage, motor function (Motor Function Measurement 32 -MFM32) as well as levels of leptin, insulin glucose, hemoglobin A1c, Homeostasis Model Assessment index and an urinary steroid profile were determined. RESULTS: Hyperleptinemia was found in 15/35 (43%) of our patients; 9/15 (60%) of the hyperleptinemic patients were underweight, whereas 1/15 (7%) was obese. Hyperleptinemia was associated with SMA type (p = 0.018). There was a significant association with decreased motor function (MFM32 total score in hyperleptinemia 28.5%, in normoleptinemia 54.7% p = 0.008, OR 0.969; 95%-CI: 0.946-0.992). In addition, a higher occurrence of hirsutism, premature pubarche and a higher variability of the urinary steroid pattern were found. CONCLUSION: Hyperleptinemia is highly prevalent in underweight children with SMA and is associated with disease severity and decreased motor function. Neuronal degradation of hypothalamic cells or an increase in fat content by muscle remodeling could be the cause of hyperleptinemia. FAU - Kölbel, Heike
Predictors and risks of body fat profiles in young New Zealand European, Māori and Pacific women: study protocol for the women's EXPLORE study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Body mass index (BMI) (kg/m(2)) is used internationally to assess body mass or adiposity. However, BMI does not discriminate body fat content or distribution and may vary among ethnicities. Many women with normal BMI are considered healthy, but may have an unidentified "hidden fat" profile associated with higher metabolic disease risk. If only BMI is used to indicate healthy body size, it may fail to predict underlying risks of diseases of lifestyle among population subgroups with normal BMI and different adiposity levels or distributions. Higher body fat levels are often attributed to excessive dietary intake and/or inadequate physical activity. These environmental influences regulate genes and proteins that alter energy expenditure/storage. Micro ribonucleic acid (miRNAs) can influence these genes and proteins, are sensitive to diet and exercise and may influence the varied metabolic responses observed between individuals. The study aims are to investigate associations between different body fat profiles and metabolic disease risk; dietary and physical activity patterns as predictors of body fat profiles; and whether these risk factors are associated with the expression of microRNAs related to energy expenditure or fat storage in young New Zealand women. Given the rising prevalence of obesity globally, this research will address a unique gap of knowledge in obesity research. METHODS/DESIGN: A cross-sectional design to investigate 675 NZ European, Māori, and Pacific women aged 16-45 years. Women are classified into three main body fat profiles (n = 225 per ethnicity; n = 75 per body fat profile): 1) normal BMI, normal body fat percentage (BF%); 2) normal BMI, high BF%; 3) high BMI, high BF%. Regional body composition, biomarkers of metabolic disease risk (i.e. fasting insulin, glucose, HbA1c, lipids), inflammation (i.e. IL-6, TNF-alpha, hs-CRP), associations between lifestyle factors (i.e. dietary intake, physical activity, taste perceptions) and microRNA expression will be investigated. DISCUSSION: This research targets post-menarcheal, premenopausal women, potentially exhibiting lifestyle behaviours resulting in excess body fat affecting metabolic health. These behaviours may be characterised by specific patterns of microRNA expression that will be explored in terms of tailored solutions specific to body fat profile groups and ethnicities. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ACTRN12613000714785. FAU - Kruger, Rozanne
The association of anthropometric indices in adolescence with the occurrence of the metabolic syndrome in early adulthood: Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study (TLGS).$$$ WHAT IS ALREADY KNOWN ABOUT THIS SUBJECT: Little is known about the predictive ability of anthropometric indices in adolescence for prediction of early adulthood metabolic syndrome (MetS). There are controversies about the predictive power of body mass index (BMI) vs. waist circumference (WC) for prediction of MetS in late adolescence; some of the studies did not support the need to measure WC in mid-adolescence, in addition to BMI; on the other hand, some other studies proposed either similar predictability or superiority of WC to identify MetS in late adolescence. WHAT THIS STUDY ADDS: This is the first study to evaluate the adolescent anthropometric indices in relation to early adulthood MetS incidence one decade later in the Middle East region. There is an important sex difference regarding the incidence of MetS in Tehranian adolescents. It is interesting to know that all anthropometric indices in the pubertal age group (11-14 years) had better predictive ability compared to late-pubertal (15-18 years) adolescents. In addition, adolescent abdominal obesity surrogates, including WC and waist-to-height ratio, predicted adulthood MetS better than BMI in boys. It seems that WC had an independent role beyond BMI in identification of adulthood MetS in Tehranian boys (11-18 years old). BACKGROUND: Little is known about the predictive ability of anthropometric indices in adolescence for prediction of early adulthood metabolic syndrome (MetS). OBJECTIVE: Our purpose was to explore incidence of MetS and the optimal anthropometric indicator to predict early adulthood MetS in Tehranian adolescents. METHODS: Using data from the population-based, prospective, Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study, the utility of four anthropometric indices of adolescents in predicting early adulthood MetS (2009 Joint Scientific Statement definition) was examined among 1100 participants, aged 11-18 years, who were free of MetS at baseline, during a mean of 10.2 years of follow-up. RESULTS: The cumulative incidence of MetS was 25.5% (95% confidence interval [CI]: 21.8-29.2%) for young men and 1.8% (95% CI: 0.6-3%) for young women. In boys, waist circumference (WC) had the highest odds ratio (OR) for the MetS risk, followed by waist-to-height ratio (WHtR). Adjusting body mass index (BMI) in addition to WC did not change the results in the 11-14-year age group (OR for WC: 2.28 [1.64-3.16] without BMI adjustment vs. 1.98 [1.05-3.73] with BMI adjustment), suggesting that WC may predict MetS risk beyond BMI. None of the anthropometric indices were found to have significant associations with subsequent MetS risk in girls. CONCLUSIONS: Measures of abdominal obesity including WHtR and WC predicted early adulthood MetS better than BMI in Tehranian male adolescents (11-18 years old).
McCune-Albright syndrome: persistence of autonomous ovarian hyperfunction during adolescence and early adult age.$$$ Gonadal hyperfunction is the most frequent endocrine dysfunction in females with McCune-Albright syndrome (MAS). Peripheral precocious puberty is usually the first MAS manifestation in children, characterized by episodes of hypersecretion of estrogens with a consequent reduction in gonadotropin secretion. Little is known about the course of this endocrine disease in adolescence and during young adult life. The aim of this study was to evaluate ovarian function in 10 females with MAS (age 11.4-20.1 years) to detect the persistence of autonomous ovarian hyperfunction throughout and following adolescence, after at least 1 year wash out of any treatment for precocious puberty. LH, FSH, estradiol, prolactin, androgen secretion, ovarian and breast sonography in luteal and follicular phases of some menstrual cycles were evaluated. We demonstrated the persistence of some ovarian autonomy, documented by hyperestrogenism and/or low or absent gonadotropin secretion and/or ovarian cysts. FAU - Matarazzo, Patrizia
Hidradenitis Suppurativa and the Association With Hematological Malignancies.$$$ BACKGROUND: Hidradenitis suppurativa (HS) is a chronic inflammatory disease affecting skin sites with a high density of apocrine glands. HS commonly presents after puberty, with most patients diagnosed in the second decade of their life. Several studies have investigated smoking, obesity, hypertension, diabetes, and dyslipidemia as possible underlying risk factors for HS. However, we encountered 2 patients with a long-standing history of untreated leukemia who developed late-onset HS. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the presence of malignancy as an underlying risk factor for development of HS. METHOD: The PubMed and Scopus databases were searched for keywords such as hidradenitis suppurativa, malignancy, cancer, and epidemiology. OBSERVATION: Only 1 retrospective Swedish study with 2119 patients investigated the prevalence of cancer, including 6 hematopoietic malignancies, in HS patients. However, the study did not assess the timeline of developing HS in relation to the cancer diagnosis. We report 2 patients with a long-standing history of hematopoietic cancers who received no continuous treatments for their malignancies and developed late-onset HS: a 60-year-old male patient with hairy cell leukemia and a 68-year-old male patient with chronic lymphocytic leukemia who developed HS later in life. CONCLUSION: Multiple epidemiologic studies found the average age of HS diagnosis to be well prior to the fourth decade of life. The latency of the HS diagnosis as well as the presence of long-standing leukemia in both of our patients raises the necessity for assessing the possibility of malignancy, especially hematopoietic cancer, as a risk factor for HS. LIMITATION: This is a small retrospective analysis including only 2 patients. Larger studies would better assess the role of malignancy, leukemia in particular, as a possible risk factor for development of HS. FAU - Sotoodian, Bahman
Plasma insulin-like growth factor I levels during treatment of congenital adrenal hyperplasia.$$$ We tested the hypotheses that the levels of insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) reflect the degree of control during the treatment of patients with congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH), and that suppressed IGF-I levels during puberty contribute to decreased adult height. We measured serial IGF-I levels in 26 CAH patients followed over 6 months to 5 years. The control of CAH was variable, with several cases of overtreatment in infancy, and frequent undertreatment in childhood and adolescence. IGF-I levels were quite variable and inconsistent with the control of CAH. Our results suggest that IGF-I levels are not helpful in monitoring CAH patients; IGF-I does not seem to play a role in the growth failure during CAH therapy. FAU - Cavallo, A
Can Brain Natriuretic Peptides and Osteoprotegerin Serve As Biochemical Markers for the Detection of Aortic Pathology in Children and Adolescents with Turner Syndrome?$$$ Turner syndrome (TS) is a chromosomal disorder that affects 1:2,000 females. It results from either the complete or partial loss of the X chromosome as well as other aberrations. Clinical features of TS include short stature, delayed puberty, and congenital cardiac malformations. TS children also have an increased prevalence of cardiometabolic risk factors, which predisposes them to complications like coronary artery disease, cerebrovascular-related deaths, and aortic dissection. Early cardiac imaging, such as echocardiography and cardiac magnetic resonance imaging, are recommended to detect underlying aortic pathology. However, these modalities are limited by cost, accessibility, and are operator dependent. In view of these shortcomings, alternative methods, like vascular biomarkers, are currently being explored. There are only a few studies that have examined the relationship between B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP), N-terminal pro BNP (NT pro-BNP), and osteoprotegerin (OPG) and aortic disease in TS, and thus the data are only in proof-of-concept stages. Further meticulous longitudinal studies are required before BNP, NT pro-BNP, and OPG are used as vascular biomarkers for the detection of aortic disease in childhood and adolescent TS. FAU - Mavinkurve, Meenal
Adiponectin receptor 1 variants associated with lower insulin resistance in African Americans.$$$ Adiponectin has been shown to have a role in insulin resistance. However, little is known about the contribution of genetic variation in the adiponectin receptor 1 gene (ADIPOR1) in this regard. We hypothesized that variation in ADIPOR1 would be associated with significant changes in insulin resistance and tested this hypothesis in a cohort of 483 African-American adolescents. Seven single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of ADIPOR1 spanning from the promoter to the 3'-untranslated region were genotyped. We analyzed single SNPs and haplotypes for associations with insulin resistance [homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR)] in the full cohort as well as lean (BMI < 85%) and non-lean (BMI >or= 85%) subsets. There was no evidence of ADIPOR1 variant effects on HOMA-IR in the full cohort or in the lean subset. However, in the non-lean subset, SNP +5843 (A allele), and haplotypes including SNPs -8505/-5692/+3002/+5843 (ATTA and AGTG) showed significant associations with decreased HOMA-IR after adjustment for sex, puberty, adiponectin, and waist z-score. Our findings suggest not only that ADIPOR1 variants influence insulin resistance in the presence of adiposity, but also that these variants and haplotypes are protective in African Americans. FAU - Crimmins, Nancy A
The control of the gonadotrophin releasing hormone pulse generator in relation to opioid and nutritional cues.$$$ Human fertility is ultimately dependent upon the regular pulsatile release of gonadotrophin releasing hormone (GnRH) from hypothalamic neurons. The GnRH pulse generator is subject to modulation by a variety of substances, some of which reflect the individual's metabolic status. Endogenous opioids exert a tonic inhibitory effect on GnRH release; this opioid inhibition is dependent upon the gonadal steroid milieu, and may play a role in the initiation of the mid-cycle luteinizing hormone surge. Putative metabolic signals also influence the GnRH pulse generator, and after performing a cross-sectional hormonal and metabolic analysis of amenorrhoeic athletes, we propose that insulin-like growth factor binding protein 1 (IGFBP-1) is such a signal and may play a role in the initiation of puberty. FAU - Jenkins, P J
A comparative study of nutritional status and foodstuffs in adolescent girls in iran.$$$ BACKGROUND: The prevalence of obesity and overweight in children and adolescents is increasing world-wide. Obesity in children and adolescents is a major risk factor for diabetes, heart diseases, hypertension, and cancer in adulthood. AIM: The aim of the study was to compare the nutritional status and food-stuffs among high-school girls in Arak, Iran, in matter of body mass index (BMI) and associated factors. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: A cross-sectional survey of a representative sample of 278 adolescents was conducted in six randomly chosen high-schools. Height and weight of students were collected using standard methods and the BMI calculated and BMI percentiles of these girls are compared with the Center of Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) reference data. The 5(th), 8(th), and 95(th) percentiles of the CDC were adopted as cut-off points for underweight, overweight and obese girls, respectively. Data were analyzed using SPSS by analysis of variance and Chi-square tests. RESULTS: On the basis of CDC, the overall prevalence rates of underweight, overweight, and obesity were estimated 10.1% (28/278), 12.9% (36/278), and 1.4% (4/278), respectively. There was no significant difference between nutritional knowledge scores and the rate of physical activities in various groups. The mean age at menarche was significantly higher among the obese girls (P = 0.02). Consumption of ice-cream and chocolate was significantly higher in the obese girls group (P = 0.03). CONCLUSION: According to the present study, the prevalence of overweight and obesity in high-school girls of Arak is lower than that of many other parts of Iran and some neighboring countries, which are at the high-risk of overweight and obesity. This study warrants the necessity of paying attention to promote healthy life-style and weight control. The earlier age of menarche is alarming. FAU - Talaie-Zanjani, A
25-hydroxyvitamin D, insulin-like growth factor-I, and bone mineral accrual during growth.$$$ CONTEXT: The extent to which 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] and IGF-I influence bone mineral content (BMC) accrual from early to mid-puberty is unclear. OBJECTIVE, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This study sought to determine relationships among 25(OH)D, IGF-I, and BMC in community-dwelling prepubertal females (n = 76; aged 4-8 yr at baseline) over a period of up to 9 yr. DESIGN: The hypothesis that changes in IGF-I vs. 25(OH)D are more strongly associated with BMC accrual was formulated after data collection. 25(OH)D and IGF-I were log-transformed and further adjusted using two-way ANOVA for differences in season and race. Linear mixed modeling (including a random subject-specific intercept and a random subject-specific slope on age) was employed to analyze the proportion of variance the transformed 25(OH)D and IGF-I variables explained for the bone outcomes. RESULTS: IGF-I was more strongly associated with BMC accrual than 25(OH)D at the total body (R(2) = 0.874 vs. 0.809), proximal femur (R(2) = 0.847 vs. 0.771), radius (R(2) = 0.812 vs. 0.759), and lumbar spine (R(2) = 0.759 vs. 0.698). The rate of BMC accrual was positively associated with changes in IGF-I but negatively associated with 25(OH)D. When IGF-I and 25(OH)D were included in the same regression equation, 25(OH)D did not have a significant predictive effect on BMC accrual above and beyond that of IGF-I. CONCLUSIONS: These prospective data in early adolescent females indicate that both 25(OH)D and IGF-I have a significant impact on bone mineral accrual; however, the positive association of IGF-I and BMC accrual is greater than the negative association of 25(OH)D and BMC accrual. FAU - Breen, M E
Body composition and reproductive function exert unique influences on indices of bone health in exercising women.$$$ Reproductive function, metabolic hormones, and lean mass have been observed to influence bone metabolism and bone mass. It is unclear, however, if reproductive, metabolic and body composition factors play unique roles in the clinical measures of areal bone mineral density (aBMD) and bone geometry in exercising women. This study compares lumbar spine bone mineral apparent density (BMAD) and estimates of femoral neck cross-sectional moment of inertia (CSMI) and cross-sectional area (CSA) between exercising ovulatory (Ov) and amenorrheic (Amen) women. It also explores the respective roles of reproductive function, metabolic status, and body composition on aBMD, lumbar spine BMAD and femoral neck CSMI and CSA, which are surrogate measures of bone strength. Among exercising women aged 18-30 years, body composition, aBMD, and estimates of femoral neck CSMI and CSA were assessed by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry. Lumbar spine BMAD was calculated from bone mineral content and area. Estrone-1-glucuronide (E1G) and pregnanediol glucuronide were measured in daily urine samples collected for one cycle or monitoring period. Fasting blood samples were collected for measurement of leptin and total triiodothyronine. Ov (n = 37) and Amen (n = 45) women aged 22.3 ± 0.5 years did not differ in body mass, body mass index, and lean mass; however, Ov women had significantly higher percent body fat than Amen women. Lumbar spine aBMD and BMAD were significantly lower in Amen women compared to Ov women (p < 0.001); however, femoral neck CSA and CSMI were not different between groups. E1G cycle mean and age of menarche were the strongest predictors of lumbar spine aBMD and BMAD, together explaining 25.5% and 22.7% of the variance, respectively. Lean mass was the strongest predictor of total hip and femoral neck aBMD as well as femoral neck CSMI and CSA, explaining 8.5-34.8% of the variance. Upon consideration of several potential osteogenic stimuli, reproductive function appears to play a key role in bone mass at a site composed of primarily trabecular bone. However, lean mass is one of the most influential predictors of bone mass and bone geometry at weight-bearing sites, such as the hip.
Developmental Programming: Impact of Gestational Steroid and Metabolic Milieus on Adiposity and Insulin Sensitivity in Prenatal Testosterone-Treated Female Sheep.$$$ Prenatally testosterone (T)-treated sheep present metabolic disruptions similar to those seen in women with polycystic ovary syndrome. These females exhibit an increased ratio of small to large adipocytes, which may be the earliest event in the development of adult insulin resistance. Additionally, our longitudinal studies suggest the existence of a period of compensatory adaptation during development. This study tested whether 1) in utero cotreatment of prenatally T-treated sheep with androgen antagonist (flutamide) or insulin sensitizer (rosiglitazone) prevents juvenile insulin resistance and adult changes in adipocyte size; and 2) visceral adiposity and insulin sensitivity are both unaltered during early adulthood, confirming the predicted developmental trajectory in this animal model. Insulin sensitivity was tested during juvenile development and adipose tissue distribution, adipocyte size, and concentrations of adipokines were determined during early adulthood. Prenatal T-treated females manifested juvenile insulin resistance, which was prevented by prenatal rosiglitazone cotreatment. Neither visceral adiposity nor insulin sensitivity differed between groups during early adulthood. Prenatal T-treated sheep presented an increase in the relative proportion of small adipocytes, which was not substantially prevented by either prenatal intervention. A large effect size was observed for increased leptin concentrations in prenatal T-treated sheep compared with controls, which was prevented by prenatal rosiglitazone. In conclusion, gestational alterations in insulin-glucose homeostasis likely play a role in programming insulin resistance, but not adipocyte size distribution, in prenatal T-treated sheep. Furthermore, these results support the notion that a period of compensatory adaptation of the metabolic system to prenatal T exposure occurs between puberty and adulthood. FAU - Cardoso, Rodolfo C
Metabolic syndrome in overweight children from the city of Botucatu - São Paulo State - Brazil: agreement among six diagnostic criteria.$$$ BACKGROUND: The metabolic syndrome has been described in children; however, a standard criterion has not been established for its diagnosis. Also, few studies have been conducted to specifically observe the possible existence of agreement among the existing diagnostic criteria. The purpose of the study is to evaluate agreement concerning prevalence rates of the metabolic syndrome diagnosed by six different criteria in overweight schoolchildren in the city of Botucatu - SP -Brazil. METHODS: This is a cross-sectional study on 128 overweight schoolchildren. Clinical examination included anthropometry, pubertal staging evaluation, and blood pressure. Triacylglycerol, glycemia, HDL-cholesterol, insulin levels, and HOMA-IR were determined. The Kappa index, the Mann-Whitney test and the chi-square test were used for statistical analysis. RESULTS: The prevalence of the metabolic syndrome varied from 10 to 16.5% according to different diagnostic criteria. Results were similar for boys and girls and pubertal stage. Great agreement was observed among the six different diagnostic criteria for the metabolic syndrome. CONCLUSIONS: Different diagnostic criteria, when adopted for subjects with similar demographic characteristics, generate similar and compatible prevalence. Results suggest that it is possible to adopt any of the analyzed criteria, and the choice should be according to the components available for each situation. FAU - Rinaldi, Ana Elisa M
Whether age of menarche is influenced by body mass index and lipoproteins profile? a retrospective study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Menarche, a milestone in the reproductive life span of a woman, is influenced by several genetics and environmental factors. There is no consensus regarding the impact of body mass index (BMI) and lipid profiles on the age of menarche, as the results of various studies demonstrate. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the correlation between age of menarche and BMI/lipoprotein profile in a community sample of Iranian girls. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In the study, 370 girls, aged 10-16 years, who began their menarche within six months prior to the study, were recruited from the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study (TLGS) population. Information was documented regarding their body composition, including height, weight, BMI, waist and hip circumference were collected and their lipid profiles were assessed after a 12-hour fast. RESULTS: In this study, the mean±SD of age of menarche and BMI were 12.6±1.1 years and 21.7±3.9 kg/m(2), respectively. There were statistically significant relationships between age of menarche and height, BMI, waist circumference, and the maternal educational level. The relationship between age of menarche and the weight and lipid profiles of subjects was not statistically significant. CONCLUSION: Age at menarche is not influenced by lipid profiles but it is influenced by BMI. FAU - Farahmand, Maryam
The impact of CYP21A2 (P30L/I172N) genotype on female fertility in one family.$$$ BACKGROUND: The simple virilizing (SV) form of congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) is an autosomal recessive disorder usually caused by steroid 21-hydroxylase deficiency due to I172N missense mutation at the CYP21A2 gene. Clinical presentation encompasses virilization of external genitalia in newborn females and pseudoprecocious puberty in both sexes, due to reactive androgen overproduction. The aim of this study was to present two sisters with an SV form of CAH and distinctive genotype, detected and treated since childhood with a poor compliance and poor metabolic control hindering the fertility. CASE PRESENTATION: We retrospectively reviewed the clinical, biochemical, and molecular data of two sisters with CAH a 46,XX karyotype when they reached an age of 35 and 38 years, respectively, and were attempting conception for several years. They had been diagnosed with SV form of CAH at the age of 7 and 9 years, respectively, by the standard clinical and biochemical procedures, presenting with severe virilization due to androgen excess. Follow-up was performed through standard methods of measurement of 17-OHP, testosterone, and ACTH. Clitoroplasty with vaginoplasty was performed at the age of 18 in the older sister. Using PCR/ACRS, we performed molecular analysis of the nine most common point CYP21A2 mutations in the patients and family members. The P30L/II72N genotype was observed in both sisters. They had inadequate metabolic control due to noncompliance until decision to conceive. IVF was performed three times in the older sister without success. Sufficient follicles were harvested and fertilized; however, the embryos were lost 3-5 days after implantations. The younger sister is preparing for IVF. She underwent follicle harvesting and the embryos were frozen awaiting appropriate hormonal balance for embryo transfer. The I172N mutation in the heterozygote state was observed in their other two sisters, whose fertility was unaffected. CONCLUSIONS: Despite significant improvements over the last years in achieving fertility in female patients with SV CAH, it is highly dependent upon the severity of virilization and the metabolic control. The role of P30L mutation in infertility and unsuccessfully assisted reproduction remains to be elucidated. FAU - Kocova, Mirjana
[Metformin efficiency for the adolescent PCOS treatment].$$$ PCOS is a polyglandular heterogenic metabolic condition, which frequency in adolescence is defined between 11-26%. There are some aspects of PCOS which can be seen in a regular puberty and vice versa. This makes the adolescent PCOS a condition which is rather complicated to diagnose as well as to treat. The pathophysiology of PCOS is not fully clarified, but is well established the fundamental role of the insulin resistance and the hyperinsulinemia. This fact explains the detailed investigations of the insulin sensitizers use for the PCOS treatment. Nevertheless there is insufficient experience with this medication group for the adolescent PCOS treatment in Bulgaria. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the Metformin efficiency for the adolescent PCOS treatment. MATERIAL AND METHODS: This is a prospective study including 55 girls with menstrual irregularities aged between 13 and 18 years. None of the subjects had previously been diagnosed with any endocrine pathology or had received any hormonal treatment for at least three months prior to their evaluation. They have been evaluated according to the diagnostic criteria for PCOS in adolescence accepted in 2010. RESULTS: The incidence of PCOS in our research was 38.9%. In 66.7% of them the body mass index was higher than normal. Insulin resistance was diagnosed in 90.5%. The insulin resistance was improved in 80% of the PCOS patients after six months therapy with Metformin 2 x 850 mg/p.d. The menstrual function was regulated in 77.8% of the cases. FAU - Kedikova, S
Phenotypic analysis and growth response to different growth hormone treatment schedules in two siblings with an inactivating mutation in the growth hormone-releasing hormone receptor gene.$$$ Mutations in the GHRH receptor (GHRHR) gene (GHRHR) are emerging as a common cause of familial isolated growth hormone deficiency (IGHD) type IB. The use of gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) analogues has been advocated as a tool to delay puberty in patients with isolated GH deficiency (IGHD), allowing longer time for the beneficial effect of exogenous human GH (hGH) treatment on growth. We describe two male siblings with IGHD due to a homozygous missense GHRHR mutation who, because they were started on hGH therapy at different ages, presented with different height SDS at the onset of puberty and therefore had different predicted target heights. The shorter brother was treated with GnRH analogue plus hGH for 3 years, whereas the other brother received only hGH. Despite different predicted heights at the onset of puberty, they attained similar final heights. We conclude that in patients with IGHD, GnRH analogue treatment should be considered to delay puberty and obtain a maximal growth response if hGH treatment is started in late childhood and the predicted height at puberty onset is below the genetic target. FAU - Espigares, R
Using Polygenic Scores in Social Science Research: Unraveling Childlessness.$$$ Biological, genetic, and socio-demographic factors are all important in explaining reproductive behavior, yet these factors are typically studied in isolation. In this study, we explore an innovative sociogenomic approach, which entails including key socio-demographic (marriage, education, occupation, religion, cohort) and genetic factors related to both behavioral [age at first birth (AFB), number of children ever born (NEB)] and biological fecundity-related outcomes (endometriosis, age at menopause and menarche, polycystic ovary syndrome, azoospermia, testicular dysgenesis syndrome) to explain childlessness. We examine the association of all sets of factors with childlessness as well as the interplay between them. We derive polygenic scores (PGS) from recent genome-wide association studies (GWAS) and apply these in the Health and Retirement Study (N = 10,686) and Wisconsin Longitudinal Study (N = 8,284). Both socio-demographic and genetic factors were associated with childlessness. Whilst socio-demographic factors explain 19-46% in childlessness, the current PGS explains <1% of the variance, and only PGSs from large GWASs are related to childlessness. Our findings also indicate that genetic and socio-demographic factors are not independent, with PGSs for AFB and NEB related to education and age at marriage. The explained variance by polygenic scores on childlessness is limited since it is largely a behavioral trait, with genetic explanations expected to increase somewhat in the future with better-powered GWASs. As genotyping of individuals in social science surveys becomes more prevalent, the method described in this study can be applied to other outcomes.
Characteristics of a nationwide cohort of patients presenting with isolated hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (IHH).$$$ OBJECTIVE: Isolated hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (IHH) is a rare disorder with pubertal delay, normal (normoosmic-IHH, nIHH) or defective sense of smell (Kallmann syndrome, KS). Other reproductive and non-reproductive anomalies might be present although information on their frequency are scanty, particularly according to the age of presentation. DESIGN: Observational cohort study carried out between January 2008 and June 2016 within a national network of academic or general hospitals. METHODS: We performed a detailed phenotyping of 503 IHH patients with: (1) manifestations of hypogonadism with low sex steroid hormone and low/normal gonadotropins; (2) absence of expansive hypothalamic/pituitary lesions or multiple pituitary hormone defects. Cohort was divided on IHH onset (PPO, pre-pubertal onset or AO, adult onset) and olfactory function: PPO-nIHH (n = 275), KS (n = 184), AO-nIHH (n = 36) and AO-doIHH (AO-IHH with defective olfaction, n = 8). RESULTS: 90% of patients were classified as PPO and 10% as AO. Typical midline and olfactory defects, bimanual synkinesis and familiarity for pubertal delay were also found among the AO-IHH. Mean age at diagnosis was significantly earlier and more frequently associated with congenital hypogonadism stigmata in patients with Kallmann's syndrome (KS). Synkinesis, renal and male genital tract anomalies were enriched in KS. Overweight/obesity are significantly associated with AO-IHH rather than PPO-IHH. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with KS are more prone to develop a severe and complex phenotype than nIHH. The presence of typical extra-gonadal defects and familiarity for PPO-IHH among the AO-IHH patients indicates a common predisposition with variable clinical expression. Overall, these findings improve the understanding of IHH and may have a positive impact on the management of patients and their families.
Update on the role of aromatase inhibitors in growth disorders.$$$ BACKGROUND: Without oestrogen action, the fusion of the growth plates is postponed and longitudinal growth continues for an exceptionally long period of time. Aromatase inhibitors that block oestrogen biosynthesis have therefore emerged as a new potential treatment option for children with short stature. Results from three prospective randomised controlled trials using potent third-generation aromatase inhibitors have recently been published. These studies all show that treatment with the aromatase inhibitors letrozole and anastrozole effectively delays bone maturation and increases predicted adult height in boys with constitutional delay of growth and puberty (CDGP), idiopathic short stature and growth hormone deficiency. Long-term follow-up data from the study in which boys with CDGP were treated with letrozole for 1 year during adolescence suggest that the achieved gain in predicted adult height also results in taller final adult height. CONCLUSIONS: Until the safety profile of aromatase inhibitors, particularly their qualitative effects on bone development, is established, use of these agents must be considered experimental in treating short stature.
Development of outcome-specific criteria for study evaluation in systematic reviews of epidemiology studies.$$$ INTRODUCTION AND OBJECTIVE: Systematic review tools that provide guidance on evaluating epidemiology studies are receiving increasing attention and support because their application facilitates improved quality of the review, consistency across reviewers, and transparency for readers. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's Integrated Risk Information System (IRIS) Program has developed an approach for systematic review of evidence of health effects from chemical exposures that includes structured approaches for literature search and screening, study evaluation, data extraction, and evidence synthesis and integration. This approach recognizes the need for developing outcome-specific criteria for study evaluation. Because studies are assessed at the outcome level, a study could be considered high quality for one investigated outcome, and low quality for another, due to differences in the outcome measures, analytic strategies, how relevant a certain bias is to the outcome, and how the exposure measure relates to the outcome. The objective of this paper is to illustrate the need for outcome-specific criteria in study evaluation or risk of bias evaluation, describe the process we used to develop the criteria, and summarize the resulting criteria. METHODS: We used a process of expert consultation to develop several sets of outcome-specific criteria to guide study reviewers, improve consistency, and ensure consideration of critical issues specific to the outcomes. The criteria were developed using the following domains: outcome assessment, exposure measurement (specifically timing of exposure in relation to outcome; other exposure measurement issues would be addressed in exposure-specific criteria), participant selection, confounding, analysis, and sensitivity (the study's ability to detect a true effect or hazard). RESULTS: We discuss the application of this process to pregnancy-related outcomes (preterm birth, spontaneous abortion), other reproductive-related outcomes (male reproductive hormones, sperm parameters, time to pregnancy, pubertal development), chronic disease (diabetes, insulin resistance), and acute or episodic conditions (asthma, allergies), and provide examples of the criteria developed. For each outcome the most influential methodological considerations are highlighted including biological sample collection and quality control, sensitivity and specificity of ascertainment tools, optimal timing for recruitment into the study (e.g., preconception, specific trimesters), the etiologically relevant window for exposure assessments, and important potential confounders. CONCLUSIONS: Outcome-specific criteria are an important part of a systematic review and will facilitate study evaluations by epidemiologists with experience in evaluating studies using systematic review methods who may not have extensive discipline-specific experience in the outcomes being reviewed.
Peak cortisol response to corticotropin-releasing hormone is associated with age and body size in children referred for clinical testing: a retrospective review.$$$ BACKGROUND: Corticotropin-Releasing Hormone (CRH) testing is used to evaluate suspected adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) deficiency, but the clinical characteristics that affect response in young children are incompletely understood. Our objective was to determine the effect of age and body size on cortisol response to CRH in children at risk for ACTH deficiency referred for clinical testing. METHODS: Retrospective, observational study of 297 children, ages 30 days - 18 years, undergoing initial, clinically indicated outpatient CRH stimulation testing at a tertiary referral center. All subjects received 1mcg/kg corticorelin per institutional protocol. Serial, timed ACTH and cortisol measurements were obtained. Patient demographic and clinical factors were abstracted from the medical record. Patients without full recorded anthropometric data, pubertal assessment, ACTH measurements, or clear indication for testing were excluded (number remaining = 222). Outcomes of interest were maximum cortisol after stimulation (peak) and cortisol rise from baseline (delta). Bivariable and multivariable linear regression analyses were used to assess the effects of age and size (weight, height, body mass index (BMI), body surface area (BSA), BMI z-score, and height z-score) on cortisol response while accounting for clinical covariates including sex, race/ethnicity, pubertal status, indication for testing, and time of testing. RESULTS: Subjects were 27 % female, with mean age of 8.9 years (SD 4.5); 75 % were pre-pubertal. Mean peak cortisol was 609.2 nmol/L (SD 213.0); mean delta cortisol was 404.2 nmol/L (SD 200.2). In separate multivariable models, weight, height, BSA and height z-score each remained independently negatively associated (p < 0.05) with peak and delta cortisol, controlling for indication of testing, baseline cortisol, and peak or delta ACTH, respectively. Age was negatively associated with peak but not delta cortisol in multivariable analysis. CONCLUSIONS: Despite the use of a weight-based dosing protocol, both peak and delta cortisol response to CRH are negatively associated with several measures of body size in children referred for clinical testing, raising the question of whether alternate CRH dosing strategies or age- or size-based thresholds for adequate cortisol response should be considered in pediatric patients, or, alternatively, whether this finding reflects practice patterns followed when referring children for clinical testing. FAU - Vajravelu, Mary Ellen
Gender differences in the association of insulin resistance and high-sensitivity c-reactive protein in obese adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: Low-grade vascular inflammation is believed to initiate early atherosclerotic process by inducing insulin resistance (IR), with significant gender differences in adults. We evaluated the relationship between surrogate measures of inflammation and IR in obese adolescents. METHODS: The association among markers of inflammation [high-sensitivity c-reactive protein (hs-CRP)] and IR, cardiometabolic risk factors and body composition was retrospectively examined in 199 obese adolescents [(111 F/88 M), aged 15.5 ± 1.2 years]. Insulin resistance was assessed using homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). RESULTS: Males had higher body mass index SD-score (BMI-SDS), fat mass (FM), glucose, insulin, HOMA-IR, HbA1c, hs-CRP, triglycerides: HDL-C (TG:HDL-C) ratio than females (p < 0.05), whereas females had higher c-peptide: insulin ratio than males (p < 0.05). Also, 50.8% of subjects were identified with metabolic syndrome with similar gender distribution (M: 57.9% vs. F: 45.1%, p = 0.32). Hs-CRP was correlated with HOMA-IR in the cohort, even when controlling for FM (r = 0.26; p < 0.0001). However, hs-CRP and HOMA-IR displayed a significant correlation only in females (r = 0.37; p < 0.0001) when adjusting for FM and pubertal status. Also, c-peptide: insulin ratio was inversely correlated with hs-CRP (r = -0.32; p < 0.001) and HOMA-IR (r = -0.62; p < 0.0001) and partially mediated the relationship between these biomarkers only among females (β = 0.36, p < 0.001 to β = 0.18, p < 0.05; Sobel Test: p < 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: A positive association between hs-CRP and HOMA-IR was observed only in adolescent girls which was influenced by altered hepatic insulin clearance. This implies that obese adolescent girls may be at greatest risk of developing early atherosclerosis and diabetes. FAU - Alemzadeh, Ramin
Coexisting diseases modifying each other’s presentation - lack of growth failure in Turner syndrome due to the associated pituitary gigantism.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Turner syndrome presents with one of the most frequent chromosomal aberrations in female, typically presented with growth retardation, ovarian insufficiency, facial dysmorphism, and numerous other somatic stigmata. Gigantism is an extremely rare condition resulting from an excessive growth hormone (GH) secretion that occurs during childhood before the fusion of epiphyseal growth plates. The major clinical feature of gigantism is growth acceleration, although these patients also suffer from hypogonadism and soft tissue hypertrophy. CASE REPORT: We presented a girl with mosaic Turner syndrome, delayed puberty and normal linear growth for the sex and age, due to the simultaneous GH hypersecretion by pituitary tumor. In the presented case all the typical phenotypic stigmata related to Turner syndrome were missing. Due to excessive pituitary GH secretion during the period while the epiphyseal growth plates of the long bones are still open, characteristic stagnation in longitudinal growth has not been demonstrated. The patient presented with delayed puberty and primary amenorrhea along with a sudden appearance of clinical signs of hypersomatotropinism, which were the reasons for seeking medical help at the age of 16. CONCLUSION: Physical examination of children presenting with delayed puberty but without growth arrest must include an overall hormonal and genetic testing even in the cases when typical clinical presentations of genetic disorder are absent. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first reported case of simultaneous presence of Turner syndrome and gigantism in the literature. FAU - Dragović, Tamara
Development of Prediction Models Using Machine Learning Algorithms for Girls with Suspected Central Precocious Puberty: Retrospective Study.$$$ BACKGROUND: Central precocious puberty (CPP) in girls seriously affects their physical and mental development in childhood. The method of diagnosis-gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH)-stimulation test or GnRH analogue (GnRHa)-stimulation test-is expensive and makes patients uncomfortable due to the need for repeated blood sampling. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to combine multiple CPP-related features and construct machine learning models to predict response to the GnRHa-stimulation test. METHODS: In this retrospective study, we analyzed clinical and laboratory data of 1757 girls who underwent a GnRHa test in order to develop XGBoost and random forest classifiers for prediction of response to the GnRHa test. The local interpretable model-agnostic explanations (LIME) algorithm was used with the black-box classifiers to increase their interpretability. We measured sensitivity, specificity, and area under receiver operating characteristic (AUC) of the models. RESULTS: Both the XGBoost and random forest models achieved good performance in distinguishing between positive and negative responses, with the AUC ranging from 0.88 to 0.90, sensitivity ranging from 77.91% to 77.94%, and specificity ranging from 84.32% to 87.66%. Basal serum luteinizing hormone, follicle-stimulating hormone, and insulin-like growth factor-I levels were found to be the three most important factors. In the interpretable models of LIME, the abovementioned variables made high contributions to the prediction probability. CONCLUSIONS: The prediction models we developed can help diagnose CPP and may be used as a prescreening tool before the GnRHa-stimulation test.
Carbohydrate intake and cardiometabolic risk factors in high BMI African American children.$$$ The aim of this study was to evaluate the relationship between intakes of subgroups of energy-providing carbohydrate, and markers of cardiometabolic risk factors in high BMI African American (AA) children.A cross sectional analysis was performed on data from a sample of 9-11 year old children (n = 95) with BMI greater than the 85th percentile. Fasting hematological and biochemical values for selected markers of cardiometabolic risk factors were related to intakes of carbohydrates and sugars.After adjusting for gender, pubertal stage and waist circumference, multivariate regression analysis showed that higher intakes of carbohydrate (with fat and protein held constant) were associated with higher plasma concentrations of triglycerides (TG), VLDL-C, IDL-C, and worse insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, HOMA-IR). After dividing carbohydrate into non-sugar versus sugar fractions, sugars were significantly related to higher TG, VLDL-C, IDL-C, lower adipocyte fatty acid insulin sensitivity (ISI-FFA), and was closely associated with increased HOMA-IR. Similar trends were observed for sugars classified as added sugars, and for sugars included in beverages. Further dividing sugar according to the food group from which it was consumed showed that consuming more sugar from the candy/soda food group was highly significantly associated with increased TG, VLDL-C, IDL-C and closely associated with increased HOMA-IR. Sugars consumed in all fruit-containing foods were significantly associated with lower ISI-FFA. Sugars consumed as fruit beverages was significantly associated with VLDL-C, IDL-C and ISI-FFA whereas sugars consumed as fresh, dried and preserved fruits did not show significant associations with these markers.Sugars consumed from in all dairy foods were significantly associated with higher TG, VLDL-C and IDL-C, and with significantly lower HDL-C and ISI-FFA. These effects were associated with sugars consumed in sweetened dairy products, but not with sugars consumed in unsweetened dairy products. This analysis suggests that increases in carbohydrate energy, especially in the form of sugar, may be detrimental to cardiometabolic health in high BMI children. FAU - Sharma, Sushma
Ovarian lesions in children and adolescents--an 11-year review.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To describe the spectrum of pediatric ovarian pathology, identifying the clinical features and ultrasound characteristics that help in decisions about patient management, and to correlate these with ovarian pathology. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Retrospective analysis of 134 records of patients admitted with ovarian lesions to Royal Children's Hospital, Melbourne over an 11-year period (1989-99 inclusive). RESULTS: The age of presentation varied widely from 2 days to 19 years with 63.4% being over 12 years of age. Eighty-one patients (60.4%) had physiological or functional ovarian cysts, 52 of which required surgical intervention. Forty-four patients (32.8%) had neoplastic lesions and a palpable abdominal mass was felt in 53.7% of them. Mature cystic teratoma or dermoid cyst, seen in 27 patients, was the commonest neoplasm, and 77.8% of these children were under 12 years. Six children had malignant ovarian neoplasms, of which five were germ cell in origin. Five patients had epithelial or stromal neoplastic lesions. Endocrine manifestations were seen in seven patients and included early or precocious puberty and virilization. Plain trans-abdominal ultrasonography was useful in identifying ovarian lesions in 94 (81.7%) of the 115 patients in whom it was performed, but was not helpful in determining the nature of the lesion. Neoplastic ovarian lesions were commonly greater than 10 cm in diameter CONCLUSIONS: Physiological or functional ovarian cysts are the most common ovarian lesions seen in the pediatric age group and malignant neoplasms are rare. A palpable abdominal mass or ovarian lesion >10 cm was significantly associated with the lesion being neoplastic. Lesions <5 cm in post-pubertal girls were significantly more likely to be non-neoplastic. Ultrasonography is useful in localizing ovarian lesions but is not helpful in determining their pathological nature. Endocrine manifestations sometimes occur with either benign or malignant lesions of the ovary. FAU - de Silva, K S H
Postprandial Vascular Dysfunction Is Associated With Raised Blood Pressure and Adverse Left Ventricular Remodeling in Adolescent Adiposity.$$$ BACKGROUND: Left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) is a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease, including heart failure. Although linked to obesity and hypertension, its pathogenesis is multifactorial. Blunted postprandial sympathetic regulation of gut blood flow has been observed in overweight animals and suggested as a promotor of hypertension and LVH. We hypothesized that blunted postprandial superior mesenteric blood flow responses would be more common in overweight humans and associated with increased blood pressure and LVH. METHODS: Left ventricular dimensions and hemodynamic responses to a standardized high-calorie liquid meal were measured in healthy adolescents (n=82; 39 overweight/obese) by magnetic resonance imaging. Covariates such as body mass index, blood pressure, Tanner score, and an index of insulin resistance were included in multiple regression models to examine the independent associations of mesenteric flow response with blood pressure status and LVH. RESULTS: Food ingestion increased cardiac output (Δmean, 0.45 [SD, 0.62] L·min(-1); P=3.8×10(-8)) and superior mesenteric artery flow (Δmean, 0.76 [SD, 0.35] L·min(-1); P=4.2×10(-31)). A blunted mesenteric flow response was associated with increased left ventricular mass (B=-12.7 g·m(-2.7) per L·min(-1)·m(-)(0.92); P=6×10(-5)) and concentric LVH (log likelihood, -9.9; P=0.001), independently of known determinants of LVH, including body mass index. It was also associated with elevated systolic blood pressure (B=-18.0 mm Hg per L·min(-1)·m(-)(0.92); P=0.001), but this link did not explain the association with left ventricular mass. CONCLUSIONS: Postprandial mesenteric vascular dysfunction is associated with LVH and hypertension, independently of common risk factors for those conditions. These findings highlight a new, independent marker of cardiovascular risk in the young. FAU - Hauser, Jakob A
Hypophosphataemic osteomalacia due to de Toni-Debre-Fanconi syndrome in a 19-year old girl.$$$ Osteomalacia associated with adult onset Fanconi syndrome is thought to result from hypophosphataemia due to renal phosphate loss and relative 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 deficiency. In this disorder, the impaired renal phosphate uptake occurs as part of a generalized tubular defect in association with other features such as bicarbonuria, glycosuria and aminoaciduria. Fanconi syndrome is either hereditary--juvenile form--or is associated with various acquired or heritable diseases. In adults, the disease is similar to the juvenile form, but osteomalacia is a prominent feature. We report a sporadic, adult onset, hypophosphataemia in a 19-year old female patient who presented after puberty complaining of bone and joint pain and difficulty in walking following a minor fall. Radiological examination revealed numerous bilateral fractures of the ribs and pelvis while biochemical investigations showed combination of high phosphate clearance, low serum bicarbonate, glycosuria and glycinuria. Known causes of acquired renal tubular dysfunction were ruled out. The patient was diagnosed as having idiopathic Fanconi syndrome and started on vitamin D3 (Alfacalcidol 1 mg/day) and oral phosphorus (Joulie Solution, 1.5 g/day), which led to resolution of symptoms and an increase in serum phosphate (from 0,54 to 0,71 mmol/l) within few months following the initiation of therapy. However, radiological re-examination showed no signs of fracture healing. FAU - Tsilchorozidou, Tasoula
Age of onset of polycystic ovarian syndrome in girls may be earlier than previously thought.$$$ OBJECTIVES: To study the age at diagnosis of polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) in a pediatric population. To compare risk factors involved in causing PCOS in preadolescent and adolescent girls. To review the current literature on the reported age of PCOS in girls. DESIGN: A retrospective chart review and systematic review of the literature. PARTICIPANTS: Patients included 58 girls (age ≤ 18 yrs) with a diagnosis of PCOS based on the Rotterdam criteria. Girls were grouped as preadolescents (<13 yrs) or adolescents (13-18 yrs). Clinical and biochemical data were reviewed from the time of diagnosis. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Age at diagnosis. Differences in risk factors for PCOS (Ethnicity, obesity, family history of PCOS, birth weight, age at pubarche, thelarche and menarche, evidence of hyperandrogenism and/or insulin resistance) were compared between the two groups. RESULTS: There were 26% (15/58) preadolescent girls (9-12 yrs) vs 74% (43/58) adolescents (13-18 yrs). There was no significant difference between the two groups in ethnicity, BMI z-score, family history of maternal PCOS, birth weight, hyperandrogenism, or insulin resistance. Preadolescents with PCOS had significantly earlier onset of pubarche and thelarche than adolescents with PCOS, by 1.9 and 1.5 yrs, respectively (P = 0.018, 0.030). In addition to earlier puberty, PCOS developed 2.1 years sooner after thelarche in preadolescents than in adolescents. (P = 0.008) Preadolescents were significantly taller for age than adolescents (72nd % vs 43rd %) (P = 0.005). A review of the 28 studies published in the last 3 years that included PCOS patients with age <=18 yrs described only 6.4% (27/425) of pediatric subjects with age <13 yrs. Four were primarily pediatric studies that included patients under the age of 13 yrs, with 9.4% (12/127) of the patients <13 yrs. CONCLUSION: Increased awareness of PCOS in young females is needed. PCOS may occur at a younger age in girls who develop early pubarche and thelarche. Therefore, the diagnosis and workup should be considered in young girls with risk factors suggestive of PCOS.
Radiation-induced hypopituitarism after cancer therapy: who, how and when to test.$$$ Subtle to frank abnormalities in hypothalamic-pituitary axis function are frequently seen in cancer survivors who have received prophylactic or therapeutic cranial irradiation. The growth hormone (GH) axis is the most vulnerable to radiation damage, and isolated GH deficiency can occur after doses as low as 18 Gy. Furthermore, the frequency of GH deficiency can reach 50-100% within 3-5 years of cranial irradiation with doses of 30-50 Gy. TSH and adrenocorticotropic hormone deficiency occur in 3-6% of patients after conventional irradiation (30-50 Gy). Abnormalities in gonadotropin secretion are dose-dependent: gonadotropin deficiency is seen only after doses of 30 Gy or more, whereas lower doses usually lead to precocious puberty. Hyperprolactinemia predominantly occurs in young women after intensive irradiation and is usually subclinical. The frequencies of gonadotropin, adrenocorticotropic hormone and TSH deficiencies substantially increase with intensive irradiation (greater than 60 Gy) and after conventional irradiation for pituitary tumors, with a cumulative incidence of 30-60% after 10 years. The irreversible and progressive nature of radiation-induced anterior-pituitary hormone deficiencies and their adverse effect on body image, growth, sexual function, skeletal health and quality of life makes it essential that cancer survivors are tested regularly to ensure appropriate diagnosis and timely hormone replacement therapy. FAU - Darzy, Ken H
Urinary albumin excretion in short children treated with recombinant human growth hormone.$$$ The urinary levels of albumin, beta 2-microglobulin (BMG) and beta-D-N-acetyl glucosaminidase (NAG) were studied in 30 children with short stature due to partial or complete growth hormone (GH) deficiency under treatment. All 30 children had a normal urinalysis and no clinical evidence of renal disease. They were treated with recombinant GH in a dose of 0.5 IU/kg/week given subcutaneously. The mean albumin excretion rate (9.13 +/- 8.33 micrograms/min/1.73 m2) of these children was significantly higher than that (4.2 +/- 2.27 micrograms/min/1.73 m2) of 30 age-, sex- and pubertal status-matched normal children (p < 0.01). BMG and NAG excretion was normal in both groups. There was no correlation between the urinary albumin excretion rate and the duration of GH treatment. Among the GH-treated children, the urinary albumin excretion rate was correlated significantly with circulatory insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) (r = 0.65, p < 0.01). In 7 other children analyzed before and three months after start of GH treatment, the mean urinary albumin excretion rate increased significantly from 4.71 +/- 3.95 micrograms/min/1.73 m2 to 8.29 +/- 2.70 micrograms/min/1.73 m2 (p < 0.03). These results suggest the possibility of functional glomerular alterations during GH therapy. FAU - Sasaki, H
Risk factors for incident age-related macular degeneration: pooled findings from 3 continents.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine risk factors for incident age-related macular degeneration (AMD) after combining data from 3 population-based cohort studies. DESIGN: Population-based cohort study. POPULATION: A population of 9523 adults (age range, 43-95 years at baseline) living in Australia, The Netherlands, and the United States who participated in a baseline examination and a follow-up examination on average 5 or 6 years later. METHODS: Similar procedures were used at all study sites. Examinations included a standardized questionnaire, pupillary dilation, and stereoscopic color fundus photography. Fundus photographs were graded for lesions associated with AMD using the Wisconsin and International Age-Related Maculopathy Grading Systems. Senior investigators from each site adjudicated all photos graded as late AMD. MAIN OUTCOMES MEASURE: Incidence of late AMD. RESULTS: Among studies, distributions for most risk factors differed, and overall incidence rates were similar. In the Beaver Dam Eye Study, total serum cholesterol was inversely associated with incident neovascular AMD. In the Blue Mountains Eye Study, current smoking (defined as smoking at the time of the baseline examination) was associated with an increased risk of incident geographic atrophy and late AMD; increased total serum cholesterol, having diabetes, and older age at menopause were positively associated with incident geographic atrophy; and an increase in high-density lipoprotein serum cholesterol was inversely related to incident geographic atrophy. In the Rotterdam Study, current smoking was associated with an increased risk of incident geographic atrophy, neovascular AMD, and late AMD; past smoking was associated with an increased risk of incident neovascular AMD and late AMD; and an increased number of years between menarche and menopause was directly related to incident geographic atrophy. After pooling data, the only statistically significant relationships found were between smoking and total serum cholesterol and incident AMD. Current smoking was associated with an increased incidence of geographic atrophy and late AMD (odds ratios [ORs] relative to nonsmokers: 2.83 and 2.35, respectively; ORs relative to past smokers: 2.80 and 1.82, respectively), and total serum cholesterol was associated directly with incident geographic atrophy (OR: 1.08 per 10 mg/dl) and inversely with incident neovascular AMD (OR: 0.94 per 10 mg/dl). CONCLUSIONS: Pooled data support a growing body of evidence indicating that smoking is related to an increased risk of incident AMD. Current smokers were at higher risk of incident AMD than both past smokers and those who never smoked. The relationships found in this study between total serum cholesterol and incident geographic atrophy and neovascular AMD are not readily explained. FAU - Tomany, Sandra C
The functional muscle-bone unit in obese children - altered bone structure leads to normal strength strain index.$$$ Obese children have a twofold increased risk of fracture of the forearm compared to non-obese children. OBJECTIVE: To investigate bone strength and bone structure of the forearm, and the relationship between muscle and bone in obese children. METHODS: The study-group consisted of 84 (40 female) overweight children (mean (SD)) age 11.8 (3.2) years, BMI 29.0 (5.1) kg/m(2)). Bone geometry and strength were measured at the proximal radius of the non-dominant forearm (65% measurement site) by means of pQCT (XCT 2000). Bone mineral density and lean mass of the total body was determined by means of DXA (Lunar, DPXL/PED). Results were compared to reference values by calculating age (SDS(CA)) and height-age (SDS(HA)) dependent standard deviation scores (SDS). RESULTS: Cortical density, -1.11 (1.74) SDS(HA), -0.45 (1.52) SDS(CA); cortical thickness, -1.46 (1.33) SDS(HA), -1.01 (1.46) SDS(CA); cortical area, -0.42 (1.31) SDS(HA), 0.26 (1.58) SDS(CA); total bone area +2.21 (1.47) SDS(HA), 2.91 (1.80) SDS(CA), marrow area +3.12 (2.29) SDS(HA), 3.37 (2.38) SDS(CA); strength strain index +0.10 (1.10) SDS(HA), 0.95 (1.57) SDS(CA). These changes in bone structure were independent from pubertal stage. Measurements revealed correlations between muscle area and SSI (R(2)=0.67, p<0.001), and muscle mass and bone mineral content (DXA; R (2)=0.81, p<0.001). CONCLUSION: Low cortical density, normal cortical area and increased total bone area led to a normal strength strain index adjusted both for height and for age. We assume that this normal bone strength is not appropriate for the higher kinetic energy of impact in case of a fall in overweight children.
Low cortical bone density measured by computed tomography in children and adolescents with untreated hyperthyroidism.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine whether increased thyroid hormones levels have an effect on various bone components (cortical vs cancellous bone). STUDY DESIGN: The anthropometric and 3-dimensional quantitative computed tomography (CT) bone measurements, including bone density (BD), cross-sectional area (CSA) of the lumbar spine and femur, and cortical bone area (CBA) of the femur, of 18 children and adolescents with untreated hyperthyroidism were reviewed and compared with those of age-, sex-, and ethnicity-matched historical controls. RESULTS: No significant differences in height, weight, body mass index (BMI), or pubertal staging between patients and controls were found. Cortical BD was significantly lower (P < .001) in children and adolescents with hyperthyroidism compared with historical controls. After adjusting for weight and height, no difference in femur CSA between hyperthyroid children and historical controls was evident. No significant correlations among thyroid hormone levels, antithyroid antibody levels, and cortical BD values were found. CONCLUSIONS: As determined by CT, cortical bone is the preferential site of bone loss in children and adolescents with untreated hyperthyroidism. FAU - Numbenjapon, Nawaporn
Analysis of serum level of HE4 and CA125 considering selected risk factors among patients with endometrioid endometrial cancer.$$$ THE AIM OF THE STUDY: To assess the difference of serum level of HE4 and CA125 among patients with endometrioid endometrial cancer, considering the presence or absence of selected risk factors. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A retrospective study of 46 patients, whose serum level of HE4 and CA125 level was documented, admitted to our Clinic because of endometrioid endometrial cancer. The statistical difference of both markers was analyzed considering certain risk factors. RESULTS: In the examined group of patients there was no significant statistical difference of HE4 and CA125 levels among patients with and without the following risk factors: older age, menopausal status, overweight and obesity, hypertension, diabetes, early menarche, and family history of certain cancers. Similar results were obtained within the subgroup of patients with stage I endometrial cancer. Both HE4 and CA125 were significantly higher in premenopausal patients than in those after menopause in the more advanced stages of the disease. The same results were obtained within group of patients with advanced histological grading G2 and G3. In this group, higher levels of CA125 were observed among patients without hypertension. Among patients with histological grade G1 the serum level of HE4 was higher in the group of patients older than 60 years than it was in younger patients. CONCLUSIONS: In the examined group of patients serum levels of tumour markers may not be affected by the selected risk factors. Higher HE4 and CA125 levels among premenopausal patients may be an alarming sign of advanced stages and classes of histological grading. FAU - Abdalla, Nabil
A randomized control trial of the impact of LCPUFA-ω3 supplementation on body weight and insulin resistance in pubertal children with obesity.$$$ BACKGROUND: Paediatric obesity and insulin resistance (IR) are potentially reversible inflammatory conditions. Long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids omega-3 (LCPUFA-ω3) show anti-inflammatory and metabolic properties, but their clinical efficacy is unclear. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study is to evaluate whether supplementation with LCPUFA-ω3 for 3 months reduces insulin resistance and weight to adolescents with obesity. METHODS: Double-blind trial of 366 adolescents with obesity randomly assigned to 1.2-g LCPUFA-ω3 (DO3) or 1-g sunflower oil (DP) daily for 3 months; both groups received an energy-restricted diet. Children attended monthly for anthropometric, dietary, and clinical measurements. Basal and final blood samples were obtained to measure metabolic markers and erythrocytes fatty acids. Regression models were used for analysis. RESULTS: A total of 119 DO3 and 126 DP children completed follow-up. At baseline, 92% of children presented IR, 66% hypertriglyceridemia, 37% low-grade inflammation, and 32% metabolic syndrome. Despite erythrocytes LCPUFA-ω3 increased more in DO3 (Median differences = 0.984 w/w%; 95 IC = 0.47, 1.53, P < 0.001), body weight, insulin, and HOMA changed similarly in both groups at the end of intervention. Adjusting for basal values, changes in weight, insulin, and HOMA was not related with supplementation. CONCLUSIONS: Supplementation with LCPUFA-ω3 does not affect body weight or insulin in adolescents with obesity.
Reduced bone mineral density at diagnosis and bone mineral recovery during treatment in children with Graves' disease.$$$ OBJECTIVES: In children with Graves' disease, the prevalence of osteopenia is unknown, and the possible restoration of bone mass by antithyroid treatment has not been evaluated. The aim of this study was to prospectively evaluate the bone mineral density (BMD) and bone metabolism at diagnosis and after 1 and 2 years of medical treatment. Twenty-six children (19 girls and 7 boys) aged 11 +/- 3.4 years (range 3.4 to 15.3 years) were studied. STUDY DESIGN: BMD of the lumbar spine and proximal femur were measured by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry. Values were compared with those of healthy children of similar age, sex, and pubertal stage. RESULTS: At diagnosis the mean BMD (standard deviation score [SDS]) was significantly reduced in both sites (P <.001) with a preferential loss of cortical bone (femoral BMD = -1.7 +/- 1.0 SDS) rather than trabecular bone (lumbar spine BMD = -0.8 +/- 1.1 SDS) (P =.003). Severe osteopenia (below -2 SDS) was found in 11 (42%) of 26 patients. Osteocalcin was significantly higher than in the control group (P <.0001), but other bone metabolism markers were normal. During treatment (n = 19) a significant gain in femoral (F = 14.7; P =.001) and lumbar spine (F = 5; P =.02) BMD (SDS) was observed, and none of the patients showed osteopenia. The annual percent change in the BMD values at the femoral (+23% +/- 11% and +6% +/- 4%, respectively, during the first and second years) and lumbar spine (+19% +/- 9% and +6% +/- 5%, respectively, during the first and second years) sites was greater during the first year than during the second year of treatment (P <.02 for femoral, P <.04 for lumbar spine). No significant age difference in BMD SD score or in BMD percent change values was observed. Osteocalcin returned rapidly to normal values, and all other bone metabolism markers remained in the normal range. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, severe osteopenia was observed at diagnosis in children with Graves' disease but was rapidly corrected after 1 and 2 years of treatment. Initial reduced bone mass with high bone turnover caused by hyperthyroidism was corrected after 1 year of euthyroid conditions. FAU - Lucidarme, N
Neonatal estrogen exposure results in biphasic age-dependent effects on the skeletal development of male mice.$$$ Peak bone mass, one of the most important predictors for fracture risk later in life, is attained during puberty and adolescence and influenced by neonatal and pubertal sex-specific gonadal hormones and GH-IGF-I secretion patterns. This study examined the effects of brief neonatal estrogen (NE) exposure on growth and skeletal development in C57BL/6J mice. A single injection of 100-μg estradiol or vehicle was administered on the first day of life. Growth parameters were monitored and skeletal phenotyping performed at 16 weeks in female mice and at 4 and 16 weeks in male mice. NE exposure negatively impacted adult femoral length in both sexes, but adult body weight, areal bone density, and bone strength in female mice were unaffected. In contrast, somatic growth was attenuated in estrogen-exposed male mice throughout the study period. At the prepubertal time point, the estrogen-exposed males exhibited higher bone mineral density, cortical volume, and cortical thickness compared with controls. However, by the time of peak bone mass acquisition, the early skeletal findings had reversed; estrogen-exposed mice had lower bone density with reduced cross-sectional area, cortical volume, and cortical thickness, resulting in cortical bones that were less resistant to fracture. NE exposure also resulted in reduced testicular volume and lower circulating IGF-I. Male mice exposed to estrogen on the first day of life experience age-dependent changes in skeletal development. Prepubertal animals experience greater endocortical bone acquisition as a result of estrogen exposure. However, by adulthood, continued developmental changes result in overall reduced skeletal integrity. FAU - Connelly, Kara J
Tamoxifen treatment for precocious puberty in McCune-Albright syndrome: a multicenter trial.$$$ OBJECTIVE: We undertook a 1-year multicenter trial of tamoxifen treatment for precocious puberty in girls with McCune-Albright syndrome (MAS). STUDY DESIGN: Girls < or =10 years with classic or atypical MAS were recruited. Pretreatment history was collected for 6 months. Patients received 20 mg tamoxifen daily. Diaries were used to record bleeding. Evaluations included physical examination, bone age, pelvic ultrasound, hormone levels, and safety assessments. RESULTS: A total of 28 girls (2.9-10.9 years of age) were enrolled from 20 centers, of whom 25 completed 12 months of tamoxifen treatment. Compared with before the study, vaginal bleeding episodes decreased (3.42+/-3.36/year vs 1.17+/-1.41/year), growth velocity slowed (SDS 1.22+/-2.65 vs -0.59+/-3.06, P=.005), and rate of bone maturation decreased (1.21+/-0.78 vs 0.72+/-0.36, P=.02). Ovarian volumes were enlarged and asymmetric throughout the study, and uterine volumes were increased. No adverse events occurred. CONCLUSIONS: Tamoxifen treatment of precocious puberty in MAS results in a reduction of vaginal bleeding and significant improvements in growth velocity and rate of skeletal maturation. FAU - Eugster, Erica A
Intra-erythrocyte magnesium is associated with gamma-glutamyl transferase in obese children and adolescents.$$$ This study aims at determining the association between markers of hepatic injury and serum, urinary, and intra-erythrocyte magnesium concentrations and dietary magnesium intake in obese children and adolescents. In a case-control study, 42 obese children and adolescents (8-18 years) and 42 sex- and puberty-matched controls were studied. Serum, urinary, and intra-erythrocyte magnesium levels, indices of insulin sensitivity, and liver enzymes were measured. Dietary magnesium intake was assessed using a food frequency questionnaire. Obese children and adolescents exhibited insulin resistance as determined by a higher fasting insulin and the HOMA-IR (p<0.001) and lower QUICKI indices (p=0.001); in addition these subjects had significantly higher intra-erythrocyte magnesium (IEM) concentrations, than non-obese ones (3.99±1.05 vs. 3.35±1.26 mg/dL of packed cell; p=0.015). Among liver enzymes, only gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT) was significantly higher in obese than in non-obese subjects (22.7±9.4 vs. 17.1±7.9 U/l; p=0.002). A positive association was found between GGT and IEM in both groups; however in multivariate analysis, in obese subjects, only GGT (p=0.026) and, in non-obese subjects, only age (p=0.006) remained as significant predictors of IEM. In conclusion, increased IEM concentration was seen in insulin-resistant obese children and adolescents; furthermore, serum GGT was associated with IEM, independently of body mass index and HOMA-IR. FAU - Tohidi, Maryam
Effects of growth hormone (GH) and insulin-like growth factor-I therapy in patients with gene defects in the GH axis.$$$ We report on four patients (3 F) who were diagnosed as having either a 6.7 kb GH1 gene deletion, a GH1 signalling peptide mutation, or a GH receptor mutation, with particular regard to treatment modalities (GH, rhIGF-I) and final height. Patients with GH1 gene defects developed anti-GH antibodies (GH-Ab) following GH treatment. Surprisingly, growth response to GH was unrestricted in one girl, who reached a final height within her target height range, whereas her cousin with the identical genetic defect responded far less favourably. Variability in the growth inhibiting potency of GH-Ab may therefore depend on genetic disposition, specific epitopes, or induction of immunological tolerance. Growth response during rhIGF-I treatment carried out in three of the patients was moderate, but pubertal development and bone age acceleration occurred in the two patients treated at pubertal age. GH resistance, either caused by GH-Ab or GH receptor mutations, is still difficult to treat and results in a heterogeneous outcome. FAU - Riedl, Stefan
Safety Outcomes and Near-Adult Height Gain of Growth Hormone-Treated Children with SHOX Deficiency: Data from an Observational Study and a Clinical Trial.$$$ BACKGROUND/AIMS: To assess auxological and safety data for growth hormone (GH)-treated children with SHOX deficiency. METHODS: Data were examined for GH-treated SHOX-deficient children (n = 521) from the observational Genetics and Neuroendocrinology of Short Stature International Study (GeNeSIS). For patients with near-adult height information, GeNeSIS results (n = 90) were compared with a clinical trial (n = 28) of SHOX-deficient patients. Near-adult height was expressed as standard deviation score (SDS) for chronological age, potentially increasing the observed effect of treatment. RESULTS: Most SHOX-deficient patients in GeNeSIS had diagnoses of Leri-Weill syndrome (n = 292) or non-syndromic short stature (n = 228). For GeNeSIS patients with near-adult height data, mean age at GH treatment start was 11.0 years, treatment duration 4.4 years, and height SDS gain 0.83 (95% confidence interval 0.49-1.17). Respective ages, GH treatment durations and height SDS gains for GeNeSIS patients prepubertal at baseline (n = 42) were 9.2 years, 6.0 years and 1.19 (0.76-1.62), and for the clinical trial cohort they were 9.2 years, 6.0 years and 1.25 (0.92-1.58). No new GH-related safety concerns were identified. CONCLUSION: Patients with SHOX deficiency who had started GH treatment before puberty in routine clinical practice had a similar height gain to that of patients in the clinical trial on which approval for the indication was based, with no new safety concerns.
Comparison of continuation or cessation of growth hormone (GH) therapy on body composition and metabolic status in adolescents with severe GH deficiency at completion of linear growth.$$$ Although GH replacement improves the features of GH deficiency (GHD) in adults, it has yet to be established whether cessation of GH at completion of childhood growth results in adverse consequences for the adolescent with GHD. Effects of continuation or cessation of GH on body composition, insulin sensitivity, and lipid levels were studied in 24 adolescents (13 males, 11 females, aged 17.0 +/- 0.3, yr, mean +/- se, puberty stage 4 or 5) in whom height velocity was less than 2 cm/yr. Provocative testing confirmed severe GHD [peak GH < 9 mU/liter (3 microg/liter)] in all cases and was followed by a lead-in period of 3 months during which the pediatric dose of GH continued unchanged. Baseline investigations were then performed using dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry (body composition), lipid measurements, and assessment of insulin sensitivity by both homeostasis model assessment and a short insulin tolerance test. Twelve patients remained on GH (0.35 U/kg.wk), and 12 patients ceased GH treatment. The groups were followed up in parallel with repeat observations made after 6 and 12 months. No endocrine differences were evident between the groups at baseline. GH cessation resulted in a reduction of serum IGF-I Z score [-1.62 +/- 0.29, baseline vs. -2.52 +/- 0.12, 6 months (P < 0.05) vs. -2.52 +/- 0.10, 12 months (P < 0.01)] but values remained unchanged in those continuing GH replacement. Lean body mass increased by 2.5 +/- 0.5 kg ( approximately 6%) over 12 months in those receiving GH but was unchanged after GH discontinuation. Cessation of GH resulted in increased insulin sensitivity [short insulin tolerance test, 153 +/- 22 micromol/liter.min, baseline vs. 187 +/- 20, 6 months (P < 0.05) vs. 204 +/- 14, 12 months (P = 0.05)], but no significant change was seen during 12 months of GH continuation. Lipid levels remained unaltered in both groups. Continuation of GH at completion of linear growth resulted in ongoing accrual of lean body mass (LBM), whereas skeletal muscle mass remained static after GH cessation in these adolescents with GHD. This divergence of gain in LBM is of potential importance because increases in LBM occur as a feature of healthy late adolescent development. GH is a major mediator of insulin sensitivity, independent of body composition in adolescents. Further studies are required to determine whether discontinuation of GH in the adolescent with severe GHD once linear growth is complete results in long-term irreversible adverse physical and metabolic consequences and to determine conclusively the benefits of continuing GH therapy. FAU - Carroll, P V
Anxiety and depression levels in prepubertal obese children: a case-control study.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Childhood obesity has become a worldwide epidemic in Western and in developing countries and has been accompanied by many serious and severe comorbidities, such as diabetes, hypertension, sleep apnea syndrome, depression, dyslipidemia, impaired glucose homeostasis, steatohepatitis, and intracranial hypertension, as well as medical concerns unique to youth, such as accelerated pubertal and skeletal development and orthopedic disorders. To date, no specific studies about the psychological assessment in pediatric obesity are present. Therefore, the aim of this study was to evaluate the putative relationship between psychological troubles and obesity in a sample of school-aged children. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The study population consists of 148 obese subjects (body mass index [BMI] >95th percentile) (69 males, mean age 8.9±1.23 years) consecutively referred from clinical pediatricians to the Child and Adolescent Neuropsychiatry department at the Second University of Naples. In all subjects, weight, height, and BMI z-score were evaluated. In order to assess the anxiety levels and the presence of depressive symptoms, the Children Depression Inventory (CDI) and the Italian Self-Administered Psychiatric Scales for Children and Adolescents (SAFA) were administered. The control group consisted of 273 healthy children (129 males and 144 females) (mean age 9.1±1.8 years), enrolled in schools within the Campania region of Italy. RESULTS: No significant differences between the two study groups were found for age (8.9±1.23 years in the obese sample and 9.1±1.8 years in the control group) (P=0.228) or sex (ratio male/female: 69/79 in the obese group versus 129/144 in the control group) (P=0.983). Obviously, significant difference was found for the BMI z-score (2.46±0.31 in the obese group vs 0.73±0.51 in the control group) (P<0.001). The obese subjects showed significant higher level of depressive symptoms (CDI total score) (16.82±7.73 vs 8.2±2.9) (P<0.001) and anxiety (SAFA - Anxiety [SAFA-A]) scale score (58.71±11.84 vs 27.75±11.5) (P<0.001) compared with the control group. Moreover, the Pearson's correlation analysis showed a significantly positive relationship between the BMI z-score and both the CDI (r=0.677; P<0.001) and SAFA-A scores (r=0.591; P<0.001). CONCLUSION: Our findings highlighted the importance of assessing the presence of internalizing problems, such as anxiety and depression, in the common management of childhood obesity. FAU - Esposito, Maria
Metabolic complications and treatment of perinatally HIV-infected children and adolescents.$$$ The benefits of long-term antiretroviral therapy (ART) are recognized all over the world with infected children maturing into adults and HIV infection becoming a chronic illness. However, the improved survival is associated with serious metabolic complications, including lipodystrophy (LD), dyslipidemia, insulin resistance, lactic acidosis and bone loss. In addition, the dyslipidemia mainly seen with protease inhibitors may increase the risk of cardiovascular disease in adulthood and potentially in children as they mature into adults. Nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors, particularly stavudine, zidovudine and didanosine are linked to development of LD and lactic acidosis. Perinatally infected children initiate ART early in life; they require lifelong therapy with multiple drug regimens leading to varying toxicities, all potentially impacting their quality of life. LD has a significant impact on the mental health of older children and adolescents leading to poor self-image, depression and subsequent poor adherence to therapy. Reduced bone mineral density (BMD) is reported in both adults and children on ART with the potential for children to develop more serious bone complications than adults due to their rapid growth spurts and puberty. The role of vitamin D in HIV-associated osteopenia and osteoporosis is not clear and needs further study. Most resource-limited settings are unable to monitor lipid profiles or BMD, exposing infected children and adolescents to on-going toxicities with unclear long-term consequences. Improved interventions are urgently needed to prevent and manage these metabolic complications. Longitudinal cohort studies in this area should remain a priority, particularly in resource-limited settings where the majority of infected children reside. FAU - Barlow-Mosha, Linda
Rare EN1 Variants and Pediatric Bone Mass.$$$ A recent whole-genome sequencing study in search of variation associated with adult areal bone mineral density (aBMD) identified rare variants near EN1, with markedly large effect sizes, and a common variant near SOX6. To understand the developmental effects of these loci, we sought to determine if they were associated with pediatric dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry-derived aBMD and bone mineral content (BMC) and if the associations were modified by sex. Our sample comprised 733 females and 685 males of European ancestry enrolled in the longitudinal Bone Mineral Density in Childhood Study (up to 7 annual study visits). Sex- and age-specific Z-scores, adjusted for height, were calculated for the total hip, femoral neck, spine, and distal radius. Total body less head (TBLH) BMC Z-scores were also calculated. The previously reported single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) near EN1 and SOX6 were derived from our imputed data set. Linear mixed-effects models were used to test associations between each SNP and bone Z-scores, plus interactions with sex were explored. The rare T allele of lead EN1 SNP rs11692564 was associated with higher aBMD Z-score for total hip (beta = 0.62, p = 9.0 × 10(-4) ) and femoral neck (beta = 0.53, p = 0.010). In sex-stratified analyses, this variant was associated with higher bone Z-scores in females only, with the associations being strongest for total hip (sex interaction p = 1.9 × 10(-4) ; beta females = 0.86, p = 6.6 × 10(-6) ) and femoral neck (sex interaction p = 0.016; beta females = 0.73, p = 0.001). The common G allele of SOX6 SNP rs11024028 was associated with higher aBMD Z-score for total hip (beta = 0.12, p = 0.009), femoral neck (beta = 0.13, p = 0.003), and TBLH-BMC (beta = 0.09, p = 0.007); furthermore, this association strengthened in males in the sex-stratified analyses. Our findings reveal that rare genetic variation near EN1 and common variation near SOX6 operates in childhood and has implications for the lifelong risk of osteoporosis and fracture. The sex differences observed need to be independently replicated. © 2016 American Society for Bone and Mineral Research.
Abnormal myocardial deformation properties in obese, non-hypertensive children: an ambulatory blood pressure monitoring, standard echocardiographic, and strain rate imaging study.$$$ AIMS: The prevalence of obesity is increasing among children in the developed world. The association of obesity and abnormal cardiac function is still debated. The reported changes may reflect the role of comorbidities that contribute to ventricular dysfunction. Obese children, without arterial hypertension, may be a unique clinical opportunity to evaluate the effect of obesity, per se, on myocardial function, excluding the influence of possible comorbidities. We sought to define the preclinical effects of obesity on the cardiovascular system, of healthy children with excess weight who have no other clinically appreciable cause of heart disease, using the more sensitive ultrasonic-derived strain and strain rate (SR) imaging. METHODS AND RESULTS: We studied 300 subjects divided into two groups: (i) obese children (Group O: n=150; age, 12+/-3 years); (ii) healthy lean children comparable for age, sex, and pubertal stage (Referents: n=150; mean age, 12+/-3 years). Systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP), as well as 24 h-SBP and 24 h-DBP were comparable between groups. Left ventricular (LV) mass/height(2.7) was increased (P<0.0001) in Group O (46+/-12 g/m(2.7)) when compared with Referents (31+/-14 gm(2.7)). Standard echocardiographic indices of global systolic function were similar in the two groups. Intima-media thickness measured at the common carotid artery was not significantly different (P=0.4) in obese children (0.46+/-0.09 mm) when compared with Referents (0.45+/-0.07 mm). Obese children showed regional longitudinal peak systolic myocardial deformation properties (SR=-1.4+/-0.7 s(-1)) lower (P<0.0001) than those of Referents (SR=-2.2+/-0.5) in both left and right ventricle. In multivariable analysis, average peak systolic SR was significantly correlated with homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (P<0.01; coefficient, 0.02; SE, 0.011), and insulin serum concentration (P<0.01; coefficient, 0.05; SE, 0.023). Average LV peak systolic strain was significantly correlated with body mass index (P=0.0001; coefficient, 0.06; SE, 0.016), LVM/H(2.7) (P=0.006; coefficient, 0.016; SE, 0.018). CONCLUSIONS: Our study demonstrated that obesity, in absence of hypertension, is associated with significant reduction in systolic myocardial deformation properties already in childhood involving both right and left ventricle. Obesity not only is a risk factor for later cardiovascular disease, but also is associated with contemporaneous and significant impairment of longitudinal myocardial deformation properties. FAU - Di Salvo, Giovanni
Prevalence, Wellbeing, and Symptoms of Dysmenorrhea among University Nursing Students in Greece. LID - 10.3390/diseases7010005 [doi] LID - 5$$$ Dysmenorrhea (pain during menstruation) is one of the most common medical conditions among women of reproductive age. Dysmenorrhea has been studied around the world but not yet in Greece. The aim of the present study was to investigate the prevalence, characteristics, and impact of dysmenorrhea on the wellbeing (exercising, and social and academic functioning) among nursing students in Greece. A cross-sectional study of 637 nursing students was conducted by administering a questionnaire at a university in Athens. The prevalence of dysmenorrhea was 89.2% and the rate of severe intensity was 52.5%. Factors that were associated with severe dysmenorrhea were family history (p = 0.02), early menarche (p = 0.05) and menstruation duration (p = 0.05). Women with moderate and severe pain reported using pain relievers (non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), paracetamol etc., p < 0.0005). Finally, activities affected by severe pain were class attendance (p = 0.01), personal studying (p < 0.0005), exercising (p < 0.0005), and socializing (p < 0.0005). Exam attendance (p = 0.27) and clinical placement attendance (p = 0.48) were not affected by severe dysmenorrhea. Dysmenorrhea has a high prevalence among nursing students and seems to affect important aspects of wellbeing and academic performance when the pain intensity is severe. The present findings lay the foundation for further investigation of dysmenorrhea both in the Greek population and cross-culturally. FAU - Vlachou, Eugenia
Hypertension outcomes in metabolically unhealthy normal-weight and metabolically healthy obese children and adolescents.$$$ Metabolically healthy obesity (MHO) begins in childhood and continues into adulthood. However, the association between MHO and the risk of developing hypertension remains controversial. A prospective cohort study was conducted to investigate the risk of hypertension in MHO and metabolically unhealthy normal-weight (MUNW) Chinese children and adolescents. A total of 1183 participants, 6-18 years old at baseline with normal blood pressure values, were studied using follow-up data from the cohort of the Beijing Child and Adolescent Metabolic Syndrome (BCAMS) study. The participants were classified according to the body mass index and the presence/absence of metabolic abnormality, which was defined by metabolic syndrome (MetS) or insulin resistance (IR). During the 6-year follow-up period, 239 (20.2%) participants developed incident hypertension. After adjusting for age, sex, physical activity, pubertal stage, dietary habits and family history of hypertension, an increased risk for hypertension was observed in the MHO individuals (risk ratio, RRMetS 5.42; 95% confidence interval (CI) 3.19-9.22 and RRIR 7.59; 95% CI 1.64-35.20) compared with their metabolically healthy normal-weight counterparts. Independent of the definition of metabolic abnormality, the MUNW subjects did not have an elevated incidence of hypertension. These results suggest that the risk of developing hypertension is increased in the MHO but not in the MUNW individuals. FAU - Ding, W Q
[Etiological study of gynecomastia: results of a prospective study and recommendations].$$$ BACKGROUND: Gynecomastia can be physiological or pathological. A limited study of gynecomastia is recommended during puberty and in the elderly, ages in which gynecomastia is usually considered physiological. Other authors suggest that this condition should be studied when it is painful, rapidly growing, of recent onset, when its diameter is more than 4 cm and when is associated to testicular masses. AIM: To investigate the causes of gynecomastia and to evaluate the above mentioned criteria to exclude pathological conditions. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Prospective study of 117 patients aged 10 to 83 years, consulting for gynecomastia. All were subjected to a standardized study including a clinical examination and measurement of plasma estradiol and testosterone levels. RESULTS: Forty one percent of gynecomastias were considered pathological and the rest, physiological. Among pathological conditions, 18 patients had an endocrine etiology (hypogonadism in ten patients, estrogen secreting tumors in three, hyperestrogenism of unknown etiology in four and peripheral resistance to androgens in one), in 17 it was secondary to medications and in 13 it was secondary to other causes (idiopathic, pesticide exposure, alcoholism, diabetes or re feeding). In 79% of 86 patients of less than 20 years, the condition was physiological and in four of five elderly subjects, it was pathological. Thirty nine percent of pathological gynecomastias lacked the signs and symptoms that according to authors, should prompt a thorough study. CONCLUSIONS: All patients with gynecomastia should be studied with a complete medical history and the measurement of estradiol and testosterone levels. The criteria proposed to conduct minimal studies in gynecomastia, would miss a large volume of pathological conditions. FAU - Devoto C, Enzo
Insulin-like growth factor-1, growth hormone-dependent insulin-like growth factor-binding protein and growth in children with chronic renal failure.$$$ Insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) and insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) levels were measured by specific radioimmunoassays in children with all degrees of chronic renal failure (CRF). Study group 1 comprised 29 children (10 on dialysis) who had been studied one to four times over 2 years to determine whether IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 levels differed from those in age-matched healthy children and to examine the relationship between these levels and heights. IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 levels did not differ from those in normal children. IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 were significantly correlated, increased with pubertal stage in all children and with age in non-dialysis patients. IGF-1, but not IGFBP-3, correlated with age in dialysis patients. There was no correlation between IGF-1 or IGFBP-3 levels (corrected for age) and height standard deviation score (SDS) in either non-dialysis or dialysis patients. Study group 2 comprised 19 children (7 on dialysis) who were studied prospectively for 1-2 years to examine the relationship between IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 levels, growth rates and nutritional parameters. Mean values of IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 (corrected for age) did not change over 1-year periods, while height SDS fell by -0.38 +/- 0.21 SD/year in dialysis patients and by -0.11 +/- 0.29 SD/year in non-dialysis patients. No significant correlations were found between IGF-1 or IGFBP-3 levels and growth rates or nutritional parameters. Thus growth retardation in children with CRF is not related to circulating levels of IGF-1 or IGFBP-3. FAU - Hodson, E M
Visual demonstration of growth hormone receptors on human growth plate chondrocytes.$$$ The sites of action of GH in the human infant remain unclear; recent evidence in animals suggests direct actions on growth plate and other tissues. We have used a monoclonal antibody recognizing the human GH receptor to visually identify and localize GH receptors in the human infant growth plate. Sternochondral cartilage was obtained at postmortem from infants dying of sudden infant death (n = 20), and either decalcified, fixed, and cut into longitudinal sections or digested with collagenase for monolayer culture of chondrocytes. Sections of cultured chondrocytes were stained immunocytochemically with a monoclonal antibody recognizing human GH receptor (MAb 263), using an avidin-biotin system. Sternochondral cartilage was also obtained at operation from adolescents undergoing sternochondroplasty. In infant tissue, GH receptor was identified in sections in chondrocytes of the proliferative and hypertrophic layers, in perichondrium, in osteocytes in new bone, and in hemopoietic precursor cells in marrow. Cultured chondrocytes showed heterogeneous staining for GH receptor. With prolonged culture from 5-8 days, the pattern of staining changed from individual cells to groups of cells. [125I]Human (h)GH showed specific binding to chondrocyte monolayer (0.6 +/- 0.3%), confirmed visually on emulsion autoradiography. In support of specificity of MAb263, it was able to displace [125I]hGH from monolayers by 35%. Adolescent cultured chondrocytes failed to demonstrate specific binding of [125I]hGH. We conclude that GH receptors are widely distributed in a range of mesenchyme cells in the human infant growth plate, including bone and hemopoietic precursors. The expression of these receptors appears to be maturation dependent in both intact tissue and culture, while they may no longer be expressed after the peak growth phase of puberty. FAU - Werther, G A
Growth hormone, somatomedin levels and growth regulation in Turner's syndrome.$$$ In a total of 56 children and adolescents with Turner's syndrome (41 with karyotype 45,X) basal serum levels of somatomedin bioactivity, Sm-C/IGF-I (RIA), IGF II (RIA), GH response to arginine and GHRH (GRF(1-29)NH2), and spontaneous GH secretion during 5.5 h of deep sleep were determined in a cross-sectional manner. GH responses to GRF and arginine as well as IGF-II levels were found to be in the normal range. Levels of somatomedin bioactivity were higher than normal before a bone age of 10 years, in the low-normal range thereafter, and below normal in some patients. Levels of Sm-C/IGF-I were found normal before and low-normal after a bone age of ten years. There was a trend towards increasing Sm-C/IGF-I levels with age. In contrast to the normal pattern, spontaneous sleep-related GH secretion was declining with age and did not show the puberty-associated rise. These findings suggest a normally functioning growth hormone-somatomedin axis in Turner's syndrome with alterations of its functioning level occurring secondarily as a result of absent gonadal activation. In single patients abnormally low growth hormone and/or somatomedin secretion may be present. FAU - Ranke, M B
Melatonin hypersecretion in male patients with adult-onset idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism.$$$ Increased melatonin secretion observed in male patients with congenital isolated hypogonadotropic hypogonadism and its normalization during testosterone treatment had suggested that melatonin and the reproductive hormones are inter-related. Since these patients have a congenital form of hypogonadism, it is likely that hypermelatoninemia is the consequence of hypogonadism. To further study the relations between the pineal and the reproductive axis in humans, we evaluated melatonin secretion in two men (aged 35 and 50 yrs.) with acquired adult-onset hypogonadotropic hypogonadism. The diagnosis was based on the findings of normal testicular volume, azoospermia, low serum testosterone, normal LH and FSH levels, but apulsatile LH secretion, and intact anterior pituitary hormones secretion, normal findings on skull radiographic imaging, prior sexual maturation and paternity. Melatonin secretion was assessed as urinary 24 h 6-sulphatoxymelatonin excretion (aMT6s) prior to and during the administration of 250 mg testosterone enanthate per month for 4 months. Pretreatment melatonin production was markedly increased in both patients: 427-915 ng/kg/24 h vs. 204+/-81 [mean+/-SD] in 16 age-matched male controls. During testosterone treatment, aMT6s levels were normalized in one patient (range: 81-287 ng/kg/24 h) and remained elevated in the other patient (range: 830-1280 ng/kg/24 h). These data indicate that male patients with acquired GnRH deficiency have increased melatonin secretion. Melatonin hypersecretion in these patients may reflect a functional association. FAU - Luboshitzky, R
Higher prevalence of obesity and overweight without an adverse metabolic profile in girls with central precocious puberty compared to girls with early puberty, regardless of GnRH analogue treatment.$$$ OBJECTIVES: 1. To determine BMI, obesity/overweight rates, glucose and lipids at baseline, during GnRHa treatment and shortly after therapy discontinuation in female children with CPP and EP. 2. To compare this response to that seen in a similar group of untreated patients. METHODS: A retrospective analysis of 71 children with either CPP (n = 37) or EP (n = 34) was undertaken. Forty three were treated with a GnRHa for at least 2 years, while 28 were followed without treatment. RESULTS: At the time of diagnosis, a higher BMI (z-score of 1.1 ± 0.8 vs. 0.6 ± 0.7, p = 0.004) and a higher prevalence of obesity/overweight (72.9 vs. 35.3%, p = 0.001) was observed in subjects with CPP when compared to those with EP. Children with EP had higher fasting glucose and total cholesterol than those with CPP. BMI z-score, obesity/overweight rates, fasting glucose and lipids did not change significantly in girls with CPP or EP during 3 yrs of follow up, regardless of treatment. Weight z-scores were higher at 3 years in treated than in untreated girls with CPP (p = 0.02), while it was higher in untreated than in GnRHa-treated patients with EP at baseline, 1, 2 and 3 years (p = 0.007, p = 0.002, p = 0.02 and p = 0.04, respectively) and remained so shortly after stopping therapy (p = 0.03). CONCLUSIONS: There is a high prevalence of obesity/overweight in girls with CPP and EP at diagnosis. However, this risk is greater in CPP than in EP girls. BMI, Obesity/overweight rates, fasting glucose and lipids remained stable in CPP and EP girls regardless of therapy. Weight z-scores were found to be higher in treated CPP girls and in untreated girls with EP. FAU - Colmenares, Ana
Adiposity profile in the dwarf rat: an unusually lean model of profound growth hormone deficiency.$$$ This study describes the previously uncharacterized ontogeny and regulation of truncal adipose reserves in the profoundly GH-deficient dwarf (dw/dw) rat. We show that, despite normal proportionate food intake, dw/dw rats develop abdominal leanness and hypoleptinemia (circulating leptin halved in dw/dw males, P < 0.05) during puberty. This contrasts with the hyperleptinemia seen in moderately GH-deficient Tgr rats (circulating leptin doubled at 6 wk of age, P < 0.05) and in GH receptor-binding protein (GHR/BP)-null mice (circulating leptin doubled; P < 0.05). This lean/hypoleptinemic phenotype was not completely normalized by GH treatment, but dw/dw rats developed abdominal obesity in response to neonatal MSG treatment or maintenance on a high-fat diet. Unlike Tgr rats, dw/dw rats did not become obese with age; plasma leptin levels and fat pad weights became similar to those in wild-type rats. In contrast with truncal leanness, tibial marrow adiposity was normal in male and doubled in female dwarves (P < 0.01), this increase being attributable to increased adipocyte number (P < 0.01). Neonatal MSG treatment and high-fat feeding elevated marrow adiposity in dw/dw rats by inducing adipocyte enlargement (P < 0.05). These results demonstrate that, despite lipolytic influence of GH, severe GH deficiency in dw/dw rats is accompanied by a paradoxical leanness. This lean/hypoleptinemic phenotype is not solely attributable to reduced GH signaling and does not appear to result from a reduction in nutrient intake or the ability of dw/dw adipocytes to accumulate lipid. Disruption of preadipocyte differentiation or adipocyte proliferation in the dw/dw rat may lead to the development of this unusually lean/hypoleptinemic phenotype. FAU - Davies, Jeffrey S
Comparison of global gene expression profiles of microdissected human foetal Leydig cells with their normal and hyperplastic adult equivalents.$$$ STUDY QUESTION: Do human adult Leydig cells (ALCs) within hyperplastic micronodules display characteristics of foetal LCs (FLCs)? SUMMARY ANSWER: The gene expression profiles of FLCs and all ALC subgroups were clearly different, but there were no significant differences in expressed genes between the normally clustered and hyperplastic ALCs. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: LCs are the primary androgen producing cells in males throughout development and appear in chronologically distinct populations; FLCs, neonatal LCs and ALCs. ALCs are responsible for progression through puberty and for maintenance of reproductive functions in adulthood. In patients with reproductive problems, such as infertility or testicular cancer, and especially in men with high gonadotrophin levels, LC function is often impaired, and LCs may cluster abnormally into hyperplastic micronodules (defined as clusters of >15 LCs in a cross-section). STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: A genome-wide microarray study of LCs microdissected from human foetal and adult tissue samples (n = 12). Additional tissue specimens (n = 15) were used for validation of the mRNA expression data at the protein level. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Frozen human tissue samples were used for the microarray study, including morphologically normal foetal (gestational week 10-11) testis samples, and adult testis specimens with normal LC distribution, LC micronodules or LC micronodules adjacent to hCG-producing testicular germ cell tumours. Transcriptome profiling was performed on Agilent whole human genome microarray 4 × 44 K chips. Microarray data pre-processing and statistical analysis were performed using the limma R/Bioconductor package in the R software, and differentially expressed genes were further analysed for gene set enrichment using the DAVID Bioinformatics software. Selected genes were studied at the protein level by immunohistochemistry. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: The transcriptomes of FLCs and ALCs differed significantly from each other, whereas the profiles of the normally clustered and hyperplastic ALCs were similar despite morphological heterogeneity. The study revealed several genes not known previously to be expressed in LCs during early development, including sulfotransferase family 2A member 1 (SULT2A1), WNT1-inducible signalling pathway protein 2 (WISP2), hydroxyprostaglandin dehydrogenase (HPGD) and insulin-like growth factor 2 mRNA binding protein 1 (IGF2BP1), whose expression changes were validated at the protein level. LARGE SCALE DATA: The transcriptomic data are deposited in ArrayExpress (accession code E-MTAB-5453). LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: The small number of biological replicates and the necessity of RNA amplification due to the scarcity of human tissues, especially foetal specimens, are the main limitations of the study. Heterogeneous subpopulations of LCs within micronodules were not discriminated during microdissection and might have affected the expression profiling. The study was constrained by the lack of availability of truly normal controls. Testis samples used as 'controls' displayed complete spermatogenesis and were from patients with germ cell neoplasia but with undetectable hCG and normal hormone levels. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: The changes in LC morphology and function observed in patients with reproductive disorders possibly reflect subtle changes in the expression of many genes rather than regulatory changes of single genes or pathways. The study provides new insights into the development and maturation of human LCs by the identification of a number of potential functional markers for FLC and ALC. STUDY FUNDING AND COMPETING INTEREST(S): The study was supported by research grants from the Danish Cancer Society, the Capital Region's Research Fund for Health Research, Rigshospitalet's research funds, the Villum Kann Rasmussen Foundation, the Danish Innovation Fund, ReproUnion, Kirsten and Freddy Johansen's foundation and the Novo Nordisk Foundation. None of the funding agencies had any influence on the study. The authors declare no conflicts of interest.
Early ethnic difference in insulin-like growth factor-1 is associated with African genetic admixture.$$$ IGF-1 is a growth-promoting hormone. Numerous studies have reported higher systemic concentrations of IGF-1 among African Americans (AA) compared with European Americans (EA) before puberty. We conducted this cross-sectional analysis to determine whether African ancestral genetic background, dietary factors, energy expenditure, adiposity, and socioeconomic status contribute to this difference. Children were prepubertal, AA and EA males and females. Genetic admixture was assessed from approximately 20 ancestry informative genetic markers. Body composition was determined by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry; intake of energy, carbohydrate, protein, and fat by 24-h dietary recall; activity-related energy expenditure by doubly labeled water and indirect calorimetry; and socioeconomic status (SES) according to the Hollingshead scale. IGF-1 and IGF binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) were measured using immunoradiometric assays. AA children had significantly greater IGF-1 compared with EA children (p < 0.01). In addition, AA children had lower SES and greater protein intake relative to EAs (p < 0.05 for both). Multiple linear regression analysis revealed that the only significant independent predictors of IGF-1 were IGFBP-3 and African admixture (p < 0.01 for both). Thus, our data suggest that the greater IGF-1 of AA relative to EA children could have a genetic basis. FAU - Higgins, Paul B
McCune-Albright Syndrome With Unremitting Hyperthyroidism at Early Age: Management Perspective for Early Thyroidectomy.$$$ Background. McCune-Albright syndrome (MAS) is characterized by hyperpigmented macules, endocrinopathies, and fibrous dysplasia. Hyperthyroidism is the second most common endocrinopathy in MAS and its management is challenging, particularly among infants and toddlers. Traditionally, young infants have been treated with antithyroid medications, but remission is likely and these medications have severe side effects and affect the control of other endocrinopathies. Thus, it is reasonable to consider permanent treatment options at an earlier age. In this article, we performed a retrospective chart review and describe 3 children who underwent thyroidectomy at an early age due to complex presentation. Case Descriptions. Case 1 was a female patient who underwent bilateral adrenalectomy due to adrenal hyperplasia and subsequently underwent thyroidectomy at 5 months of age due to unremitting hyperthyroidism with fibrous dysplasia, multiple fractures, and ovarian cysts with vaginal bleeding. Case 2 was a 20-month-old female on methimazole who acquired influenza A, precipitating a thyroid storm, and subsequently developed central precocious puberty. Case 3 was a 4-year-old female who underwent thyroidectomy because of unremitting hyperthyroidism after methimazole cessation due to declining neutrophils. All 3 children experienced no complications from thyroidectomy. Conclusions. Early thyroidectomy by an experienced surgeon is an option for managing MAS-associated hyperthyroidism, even in very young patients, with excellent results. FAU - Merchant, Nadia
Different states of clinical control are associated with changes in IGF-I and IGFBPs in children with congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency (21-OHD) is characterized by high androgen levels, ambiguous genitalia or premature pubarche, increased height velocity and skeletal maturation. Considering the possibility of changes in the IGF system components depending on the state of clinical control, the objective of the present study was to analyse serum IGF-I, IGF-II and IGFBP levels in children with 21-OHD under two states of clinical control. PATIENTS AND DESIGN: We studied 12 prepubertal children with 21-OHD CAH aged 4.0 +/- 0.7 years. They were classified as good (GC) or poor control (PC) based on growth rate, signs of adrenal insufficiency or Cushing syndrome, progression of sexual characteristics and serum androgens levels. Blood samples were obtained from each patient in two different states of clinical control (GC and PC) for biochemical measurements. MEASUREMENTS: IGF-I, IGF-II, IGFBP-1, IGFBP-2 and IGFBP-3 were determined by immunoassays. IGFBPs were also analysed by Western ligand blotting (WLB). RESULTS: Levels of IGF-I (P = 0.03) and IGFBP-3 (P = 0.01) were higher in GC than in PC while IGFBP-1 (P = 0.004) concentrations were lower in GC patients. A trend towards higher levels of IGF-II (P = 0.08) and lower levels of IGFBP-2 (P = 0.08) was observed in GC children. Increased IGFBP-4 band intensity was observed in GC children (P = 0.03). CONCLUSION: Higher levels of IGF-I, IGFBP-3 and IGFBP-4, but lower levels of IGFBP-1, were associated with better control in children with 21-OHD CAH. These findings are different from those observed in children with other causes of increasing androgens levels and are likely to be related to the insufficient glucocorticoid status. FAU - Cunha, Heloisa Marcelina
The d3/fl-growth hormone (GH) receptor polymorphism does not influence the effect of GH treatment (66 microg/kg per day) or the spontaneous growth in short non-GH-deficient small-for-gestational-age children: results from a two-year controlled prospective study in 170 Spanish patients.$$$ CONTEXT: The d3/fl-GH receptor (d3/fl-GHR, exon 3-deleted/full-length GHR) has recently been associated with responsiveness to GH therapy. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to evaluate whether the d3/fl-GHR genotypes influence the intensity of spontaneous and/or GH therapy-stimulated growth in small-for-gestational-age (SGA) patients. DESIGN: This was a 2-yr prospective, controlled, randomized trial. SETTING: Thirty Spanish hospitals participated. Auxologic and GH secretion evaluation was hospital based, whereas molecular analyses and auxologic data computation were centralized. PATIENTS: Patients included 170 short SGA children: 140 remained prepubertal and 30 entered puberty during the second follow-up year. INTERVENTION: Eighty-six were treated with GH (66 microg/kg.d) for 2 yr and 84 were not treated. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Previous and 2-yr follow-up auxologic data were recorded at each hospital, d3/fl-GHR genotypes determined, and data analyzed for patients who remained prepubertal (group 1, 68 GH treated and 72 non-GH treated) and for all the patients (group 2). RESULTS: In group 1 GH-treated patients, growth velocity, and height-sd score during the first and second years, total 2-yr height gain (18.5 +/- 2.4 cm in d3/d3; 18.4 +/- 2.6 in d3/fl; 19.5 +/- 2.3 in fl/fl), Delta 2-yr height increase (9.1 +/- 2.4 cm in d3/d3; 9.4 +/- 3.0 in d3/fl; 10.4 +/- 2.1 in fl/fl), first-year growth prediction and studentized residual values (0.08 +/- 1.26 in d3/d3; 0.28 +/- 1.21 in d3/fl; 0.67 +/- 0.95 in fl/fl) did not differ among the d3/fl-GHR genotypes. In group 1 non-GH-treated patients, neither growth velocity nor height-sd score changed significantly, and values were similar in each d3/fl-GHR genotype. Results in all patients (group 2) were similar to those in group 1. CONCLUSIONS: In short non-GH-deficient SGA children, both spontaneous growth rate and responsiveness to 66 microg/k.d GH therapy were similar for each d3/fl-GHR genotype carried. FAU - Carrascosa, A
Thyroid function in children with growth hormone deficiency during long-term growth hormone replacement therapy.$$$ AIM OF THE STUDY: The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of growth hormone (GH) therapy on thyroid function in a group of euthyroid children with isolated idiopathic growth hormone deficiency (GHD). MATERIAL AND METHODS: The study was retrospective and included 117 children treated with GH for 1-4 years. Anthropometric measurements and serum concentrations of insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), and free thyroxine (fT4) were analysed at baseline and during GH therapy. RESULTS: TSH levels did not change significantly after the initiation of GH treatment, while fT4 levels decreased after the second year of GH treatment (p < 0.01) and remained lower than baseline until the end of observation (p < 0.01, after both the third and fourth year of therapy) in the whole group. Analysis according to baseline pubertal status revealed significant changes in TSH and fT4 levels during GH treatment, but only in the prepubertal children. Multiple regression analysis confirmed that mean GH doses administered in the first two years of GH therapy were independently (R = 0.218, p < 0.05) associated with changes in fT4 levels in this period (∆fT4(2 years - baseline)), even when taking into account changes in height SDS and bone age. CONCLUSIONS: FT4 levels decreased during GH replacement therapy, while TSH levels appeared to be unaffected by GH therapy. Prepubertal children seem to be more predisposed to thyroid function alterations during such therapy in comparison to pubertal children. Changes in fT4 levels during GH replacement therapy are related to GH doses. FAU - Witkowska-Sędek, Ewelina
[The status of the gonadotropin releasing hormone test in differential diagnosis of delayed puberty in adolescents over 14 years of age].$$$ BACKGROUND: In patients with delayed puberty with a bone age less than 11 years in girls or 12 years in boys, the clinical and endocrinological examination allows the differentiation of patients with the various forms of hypergonadotropic hypogonadism, but not of patients with hypogonadotropic hypogonadism from more prevalent constitutional delay in puberty. Therefore, watchful waiting is generally recommended for differential diagnosis in patients with delayed puberty. On the other hand, the late onset of sexual hormone replacement in patients with hypogonadism will worsen their outcome. PATIENTS AND METHOD: Therefore, we decided to carry out a retrospective study in 105 adolescents who were examined because of short stature or delayed puberty, who were aged 14 to 22 years at first visit and in whom the differential diagnosis of delayed puberty was documented after an at least one-year follow-up in order to find out which endocrinological parameters could have effectively predicted the final diagnosis already at the first visit. RESULTS: Patients with hypogonadotropic hypogonadism differed from patients with constitutional delay in puberty by lower responses of luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) levels to gonadotropin-releasing hormone stimulation (GnRH, 100 micrograms iv) (p < 0.01) as well as by smaller testicular volume (p < 0.05) and by lower testosterone levels (p < 0.01). Stimulated LH < 10 mU/ml differentiated patients with hypogonadotropic hypogonadism from constitutional delay in puberty with a sensitivity of 82% and a specificity of 98%. CONCLUSION: In patients with delayed puberty aged 14 years and older bone age usually exceeds 11 years in girls or 12 years in boys. It thus is in the range, in which normal adult responses of LH to GnRH can be expected. In contrast to patients aged less than 14 years, therefore, measuring GnRH-stimulated LH levels in these patients allows the rapid and effective differential diagnosis of delayed puberty. FAU - Jungmann, E
Which Amount of BMI-SDS Reduction Is Necessary to Improve Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Overweight Children?$$$ CONTEXT: Knowing the changes of cardiovascular risk factors (CRFs) in relation to weight loss would be helpful to advise overweight children and their parents and to decide whether drugs should be prescribed in addition to lifestyle intervention. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to determine the body mass index (BMI)-SD score (SDS) reduction to improve CRFs in overweight children. DESIGN: This was a prospective observation study. SETTING: The study was conducted at a specialized outpatient obesity clinic. PATIENTS: A total of 1388 overweight children (mean BMI 27.9 ± 0.1 kg/m(2), mean age 11.4 ± 0.1 y, 43.8% male, 45.5% prepubertal) participated in the study. INTERVENTION: The study included a 1-year lifestyle intervention. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: We studied changes of blood pressure (BP), fasting high-density lipoprotein- and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, and homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) of insulin resistance index. Change of weight status was determined by δBMI-SDS based on the recommended percentiles of the International Task Force of Obesity. RESULTS: BMI-SDS change was associated with a significant improvement of all CRFs except fasting glucose and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol after adjusting for multiple confounders such as baseline CRFs, age, gender, BMI, pubertal stage, and its changes. BMI-SDS reduction of 0.25-0.5 was related to a decrease of systolic blood pressure (BP) (-3.2 ± 1.4 mm Hg), diastolic BP (-2.2 ± 1.1 mm Hg), triglycerides (-6.9 ± 5.8 mg/dL), HOMA (-0.5 ± 0.3), and triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein)-cholesterol (-0.3 ± 0.2), whereas high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol increased (+1.3 ± 1.2 mg/dL). A reduction of greater than 0.5 BMI-SDS led to more pronounced improvement (systolic BP -6.0± 1.3 mm Hg, diastolic BP -5.1 ± 1.3 mm Hg, triglycerides -16.4 ± 7.1 mg/dL, HDL-cholesterol +1.6 ± 1.5 mg/dL, HOMA -0.9 ± 0.3). Per 0.1 BMI-SDS reduction in systolic BP (-1.0 mm Hg), diastolic BP (-0.8 mm Hg), triglycerides (-2.3 mg/dL), HOMA (-0.2), and triglyceride/HDL-cholesterol (-0.5) decreased significantly, whereas HDL-cholesterol (0.2 mg/dL) increased significantly in linear regression analyses and accounted for multiple confounders. CONCLUSIONS: A BMI-SDS reduction of 0.25 or greater significantly improved hypertension, hypertriglyceridemia, and low HDL-cholesterol, whereas a BMI-SDS greater than 0.5 doubled the effect. FAU - Reinehr, Thomas
TK inhibitor treatment disrupts growth hormone axis: clinical observations in children with CML and experimental data from a juvenile animal model.$$$ BACKGROUND: Long-term treatment of chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) with tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) exerts off-target effects on bone growth by either impaired growth hormone (GH) action or osseous modelling impairment. METHODS: Body height and the GH-related parameters insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) and insulin-like growth factor-binding protein 3(IGFBP-3) were determined repetitively 3-monthly over 2 years in 21 pediatric CML-patients on standardized imatinib treatment. In an animal model 4-week-old male Wistar rats were exposed over 10 weeks to imatinib, dasatinib, or bosutinib at varying concentrations via the drinking water. Blood was collected at prepubertal age, pubertal age, and at adult age, respectively, and animals' serum levels of IGFBP-3 were measured. RESULTS: Independent from treatment duration patients exhibited IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 levels almost exclusively in the very low range when compared to age-matched references. No clear pattern of rising or falling IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 levels was observed. In rats, compared to controls, serum IGFBP-3 was significantly lowered for all TKIs tested, at all concentrations applied, and at all ages under investigation. CONCLUSION: Besides direct off-target effects on the growing skeleton, TKI treatment also results in lowered blood levels of IGF-1 and IGFBP-3.A juvenile rat model predicts this side effect for dasatinib and bosutinib. Thus, growth and GH- related parameters should be monitored regularly in pediatric patients with CML on TKIs.
Divergent responses to kisspeptin in children with delayed puberty. LID - 99109 [pii] LID - 10.1172/jci.insight.99109 [doi] LID - e99109$$$ BACKGROUND: The neuropeptide kisspeptin stimulates luteinizing hormone (LH) secretion in healthy adults but not in adults with idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism. We hypothesized that, in children presenting with delayed or stalled puberty, kisspeptin would elicit LH secretion in those children found on detailed nighttime neuroendocrine profiling to have evidence of emerging reproductive endocrine function. METHODS: Eleven boys and four girls were admitted overnight to assess LH secretion at baseline, after a single intravenous bolus of kisspeptin, and after a single intravenous bolus of gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH). Subjects then received exogenous pulsatile GnRH for 6 days and returned for a second visit to measure responses to kisspeptin and GnRH after this pituitary "priming." Responses to kisspeptin and GnRH were also measured in 5 healthy men. RESULTS: Of the 15 children with delayed/stalled puberty, 6 exhibited at least one spontaneous LH pulse overnight; all of these subjects had clear responses to kisspeptin, as did one additional subject. Seven subjects had no response to kisspeptin, and one subject exhibited an intermediate response. In the children who responded to kisspeptin, the responses had features comparable to those of adult men. CONCLUSION: In this first report of kisspeptin administration to pediatric subjects to our knowledge, children with delayed/stalled puberty showed a wide range of responses, with some showing a robust response and others showing little to no response. Further follow-up will determine whether responses to kisspeptin predict future pubertal entry for children with delayed puberty. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01438034 and NCT01952782. FUNDING: NIH Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development (R01 HD043341, R01 HD090071, P50 HD028138), NIH National Center for Advancing Translational (UL1 TR001102), NIH National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases (T32 DK007028), the Massachusetts General Hospital Executive Committee on Research Fund for Medical Discovery, Harvard Catalyst, Doris Duke Charitable Foundation (award 2013110), Charles H. Hood Foundation, Robert and Laura Reynolds MGH Research Scholar Program, and Harvard University. These funding sources had no role in the design of this study and did not have any role in conducting the study, analyses, interpretation of the data, or the decision to submit results. FAU - Chan, Yee-Ming
DCC/NTN1 complex mutations in patients with congenital hypogonadotropic hypogonadism impair GnRH neuron development.$$$ Congenital hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (CHH) is a rare genetic disease characterized by absent puberty and infertility due to GnRH deficiency, and is often associated with anosmia [Kallmann syndrome (KS)]. The genetic etiology of CHH is heterogeneous, and more than 30 genes have been implicated in approximately 50% of patients with CHH. We hypothesized that genes encoding axon-guidance proteins containing fibronectin type-III (FN3) domains (similar to ANOS1, the first gene associated with KS), are mutated in CHH. We performed whole-exome sequencing in a cohort of 133 CHH probands to test this hypothesis, and identified rare sequence variants (RSVs) in genes encoding for the FN3-domain encoding protein deleted in colorectal cancer (DCC) and its ligand Netrin-1 (NTN1). In vitro studies of these RSVs revealed altered intracellular signaling associated with defects in cell morphology, and confirmed five heterozygous DCC mutations in 6 probands-5 of which presented as KS. Two KS probands carry heterozygous mutations in both DCC and NTN1 consistent with oligogenic inheritance. Further, we show that Netrin-1 promotes migration in immortalized GnRH neurons (GN11 cells). This study implicates DCC and NTN1 mutations in the pathophysiology of CHH consistent with the role of these two genes in the ontogeny of GnRH neurons in mice.
Endocrine Effects of Valproate versus Carbamazepine in Males with Epilepsy: A Prospective Study.$$$ BACKGROUND/AIMS: To prospectively evaluate the long-term impact of valproate (VPA) versus carbamazepine (CBZ) on anthropometric, hormonal, and metabolic parameters in young male patients treated for epilepsy. METHODS: Of 61 boys with newly diagnosed epilepsy followed up, 24 were excluded from analysis (17 were lost to follow-up and 7 changed therapy within <1 year). Findings were compared by time, treatment (VPA or CBZ), and epilepsy type (generalized or partial) as well as against a matched control group with adequately treated hypothyroidism. RESULTS: Twenty-four boys were treated with VPA and 13 with CBZ. The weight-standard deviation score (SDS) significantly increased during the first 6 months of treatment (p < 0.001), irrespective of the drug type, but decreased between the first and the last visit (p = 0.01). In patients with generalized epilepsy, there was a slight decrease in height- and weight-SDS between the first and the last visit (p = 0.04 and p = 0.01, respectively). The height-SDS at the last visit was comparable to the parental height-SDS. The mean age at puberty onset was 11.2 and 11.4 years in the study and the control group, respectively (p = 0.08). There were no significant differences in the other parameters by treatment or epilepsy type. CONCLUSIONS: Long-term therapy with VPA or CBZ has no significant endocrinological or metabolic adverse effect on male children and adolescents with epilepsy.
Vitamin D receptor gene FokI polymorphisms influence bone mass in adolescent football (soccer) players.$$$ The genetic influence on bone mineralization during adolescence is unclear possibly due to modifying factors such as skeletal maturation and lifestyle. We evaluated the influence of polymorphisms of the vitamin D receptor (VDR) gene on longitudinal changes in bone mass, bone- and calcium-related hormones in 46 adolescent soccer players (11.8-14.2 years). Total body bone mineral content (TBMC) and density (TBMD) were measured at baseline and after 6 months. Insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-1), testosterone, intact parathyroid hormone, and activity of plasma bone alkaline phosphatase were measured at baseline and after 3 months. The influence of FokI or TaqI VDR genotypes on changes in the outcome variables were analyzed by univariate ANOVA with adjustment for chronological age, skeletal age and body weight at baseline. At baseline, boys with Ff genotype had higher TBMC, TBMD, TBMD Z-score compared to those with FF genotype (P < 0.05). After 3 months, Ff boys also had higher increment in plasma IGF-1 (P < 0.05). FokI polymorphism did not influence changes in bone mass measurements after 6 months, although differences detected at baseline remained significant after 6 months. There were no differences in the outcome variables according to TaqI genotypes. This study demonstrates that FokI polymorphisms affect bone mass in Brazilian adolescent soccer players and suggests that the FokI effect on bone mineralization occurs during bone maturation, possibly at the initial pubertal stages. FAU - Diogenes, Maria Eduarda L
Role of oxidative stress in female reproduction.$$$ In a healthy body, ROS (reactive oxygen species) and antioxidants remain in balance. When the balance is disrupted towards an overabundance of ROS, oxidative stress (OS) occurs. OS influences the entire reproductive lifespan of a woman and even thereafter (i.e. menopause). OS results from an imbalance between prooxidants (free radical species) and the body's scavenging ability (antioxidants). ROS are a double-edged sword - they serve as key signal molecules in physiological processes but also have a role in pathological processes involving the female reproductive tract. ROS affect multiple physiological processes from oocyte maturation to fertilization, embryo development and pregnancy. It has been suggested that OS modulates the age-related decline in fertility. It plays a role during pregnancy and normal parturition and in initiation of preterm labor. Most ovarian cancers appear in the surface epithelium, and repetitive ovulation has been thought to be a causative factor. Ovulation-induced oxidative base damage and damage to DNA of the ovarian epithelium can be prevented by antioxidants. There is growing literature on the effects of OS in female reproduction with involvement in the pathophysiology of preeclampsia, hydatidiform mole, free radical-induced birth defects and other situations such as abortions. Numerous studies have shown that OS plays a role in the pathophysiology of infertility and assisted fertility. There is some evidence of its role in endometriosis, tubal and peritoneal factor infertility and unexplained infertility. This article reviews the role OS plays in normal cycling ovaries, follicular development and cyclical endometrial changes. It also discusses OS-related female infertility and how it influences the outcomes of assisted reproductive techniques. The review comprehensively explores the literature for evidence of the role of oxidative stress in conditions such as abortions, preeclampsia, hydatidiform mole, fetal embryopathies, preterm labour and preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. The review also addresses the growing literature on the role of nitric oxide species in female reproduction. The involvement of nitric oxide species in regulation of endometrial and ovarian function, etiopathogenesis of endometriosis, and maintenance of uterine quiescence, initiation of labour and ripening of cervix at parturition is discussed. Complex interplay between cytokines and oxidative stress in the etiology of female reproductive disorders is discussed. Oxidant status of the cell modulates angiogenesis, which is critical for follicular growth, corpus luteum formation endometrial differentiation and embryonic growth is also highlighted in the review. Strategies to overcome oxidative stress and enhance fertility, both natural and assisted are delineated. Early interventions being investigated for prevention of preeclampsia are enumerated. Trials investigating combination intervention strategy of vitamin E and vitamin C supplementation in preventing preeclampsia are highlighted. Antioxidants are powerful and there are few trials investigating antioxidant supplementation in female reproduction. However, before clinicians recommend antioxidants, randomized controlled trials with sufficient power are necessary to prove the efficacy of antioxidant supplementation in disorders of female reproduction. Serial measurement of oxidative stress biomarkers in longitudinal studies may help delineate the etiology of some of the diosorders in female reproduction such as preeclampsia. FAU - Agarwal, Ashok
The Relationship between Intake of Dairy Products and Polycystic Ovary Syndrome in Women Who Referred to Isfahan University of Medical Science Clinics in 2013.$$$ BACKGROUND: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disorder in reproductive women. Nearly 10% of young women in this period involved. Although factors such as Insulin Resistance, hyper insulinemia, obesity and dietary are suggested to be associated with PCOS, cause of PCOS is not completely understood. Dairy products (a key component of the usual diet) of participants can also affect the factors of this disease and may have beneficial effects on treatment of PCOS. However, research in this area is scarce. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the relationship between dairy products consumption and PCOS. METHODS: This descriptive cross-sectional study of 400 women was conducted in Shahid Beheshti Hospital of Isfahan University of Medical Science, Iran. Dietary intake was evaluated by validated food frequency questionnaire. Other variables such as ovarian disease, inherited predisposition, age at menarche, physical activity and history of other diseases were evaluated using questionnaire. Data analysis was performed by a logistic regression test using SPSS software version 15 Predictive analytics software and solutions. RESULTS: There were a significant association between PCOS and ovarian disease (P < 0.001), age (P < 0.001) and using medication (P = 0.001). Body mass index (BMI) was inversely associated with PCOS, but it was not significant (P = 0.068). There was a significant direct relationship between milk consumption and risk of PCOS after adjusting for confounding factors (P = 0.028). CONCLUSIONS: The findings of this study indicated that ovarian disease and medication use is directly linked to PCOS. Dairy consumption was not significantly correlated with PCOS. However, after adjustment for confounders, there was an direct relationship between milk consumption and risk of PCOS. FAU - Rajaeieh, Golnaz
The negative impact of single prolonged stress (SPS) on bone development in mice.$$$ Posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) disrupts hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis function. Given the established role of HPA axis hormones in regulating bone metabolism, we tested the hypothesis that traumatic stress has a negative impact on bone development. We employed a variant single prolonged stress (SPS) model in which several stressors were applied to three week old C57BL/6J mice. Compared to the controls, the stressed mice showed increased freezing behavior reminiscent of PTSD symptoms. At two weeks, bone mineral content (BMC), bone area (B area) and bone mineral density (BMD) in total body based on dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) analysis were reduced by 10.2%, 7.0% and 3.6%, respectively. Micro-CT analysis of the metaphyseal region of the excised tibia revealed that SPS caused a deterioration of trabecular architecture with trabecular number (Tb.N), BV/TV, connectivity density (Conn-Den) decreasing 12.0%, 18.9%, 23.3% and trabecular spacing (Tb.Sp), structure model index (SMI) increasing 13.9%, 21.8%, respectively. Mechanical loading increased the cross-sectional area in the mid-shaft region of the loaded right versus unloaded left tibia by 7.6% in the controls, and 10.0% in the stressed mice. Therefore, SPS applied to pre-pubertal young mice produced strong negative impact on both bone mass acquisition and trabecular architecture. Mechanical loading can be employed to increase bone size, a parameter related to bone strength, in normal as well as stressed conditions. FAU - Yu, Hongrun
[Beta 2-adrenergic receptor gene association with overweight and asthma in children and adolescents and its relationship with physical fitness].$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association of Arg16Gly and Gln27Glu polymorphisms of β2-adrenergic receptor gene (ADRB2) with the occurrence of asthma and overweight and the gene's influence on anthropometric, clinic, biochemical and physical fitness variables in children and adolescents. METHODS: Subjects were evaluated for allelic frequencies of the β2-adrenergic receptor gene, height, weight, body mass index (BMI), BMI Z-score, waist circumference (WC), pubertal stage, resting heart rate (HRres), blood pressure (BP), total cholesterol (TC), glucose, insulin, high density lipoprotein (HDL-C), low density lipoprotein (LDL-C), triglyceride (TG), Homeostasis Metabolic Assessment (HOMA2-IR), Quantitative Insulin Sensitivity Check Index (QUICKI) and maximal oxygen uptake (VO(2max)). The participants were divided in four groups: overweight asthmatic (n=39), overweight non-asthmatic (n=115), normal weight asthmatic (n=12), and normal weight non-asthmatic (n=40). RESULTS: Regarding the Gln27Glu polymorphism, higher total cholesterol was observed in usual genotype individuals than in genetic variant carriers (p=0.04). No evidence was found that the evaluated polymorphisms are influencing the physical fitness. The Arg16 allele was found more frequently among the normal weight asthmatic group when compared to the normal weight non-asthmatic group (p=0.02), and the Glu27 allele was more frequently found in the overweight asthmatics group when compared to the normal weight non-asthmatic group (p=0.03). CONCLUSIONS: The association of Arg16 allele with the occurrence of asthma and of the Glu27 allele with overweight asthmatic adolescents evidenced the contribution of the β2-adrenergic receptor gene to the development of obesity and asthma. FAU - Leite, Neiva
Macronutrient intakes and cardio metabolic risk factors in high BMI African American children.$$$ BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to evaluate the relationship between intakes of energy-providing macronutrients, and markers of cardio metabolic risk factors in high BMI African American (AA) children. METHODS: A cross sectional analysis of a sample of 9-11 year old children (n = 80) with BMI greater then the 85th percentile. Fasting hematological and biochemical measurements, and blood pressure were measured as selected markers of cardio metabolic risk factors and their relationships to dietary intakes determined. RESULTS: After adjusting for gender, pubertal stage and waist circumference (WC), multivariate regression analysis showed that higher total energy intakes (when unadjusted for source of energy) were associated with higher plasma concentrations of intermediate density lipoprotein cholesterol (IDL-C) and very low density lipoprotein cholesterol (VLDL-C). Higher intakes of carbohydrate energy (fat and protein held constant) were associated with higher IDL-C, VLDL-C, triglycerides (TG) and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Higher intakes of fat (carbohydrate and protein held constant), however, were associated with lower IDL-C; and higher protein intakes (fat and carbohydrate held constant) were associated with lower HOMA-IR. CONCLUSION: The specific macronutrients that contribute energy are significantly associated with a wide range of cardio metabolic risk factors in high BMI AA children. Increases in carbohydrate energy were associated with undesirable effects including increases in several classes of plasma lipids and HOMA-IR. Increases in protein energy were associated with the desirable effect of reduced HOMA-IR, and fat energy intakes were associated with the desirable effect of reduced IDL-C. This analysis suggests that the effect of increased energy on risk of developing cardio metabolic risk factors is influenced by the source of that energy. FAU - Sharma, Sushma
Determinants of total body and regional bone mineral density in normal postmenopausal women--a key role for fat mass.$$$ In order to determine which clinical, anthropometric, dietary, and biochemical variables are independent predictors of total and regional bone mineral density (BMD) in normal postmenopausal women, a cross-sectional study of 140 normal postmenopausal women has been carried out. Subjects were white, aged 45-71 yr (mean 58 yr), and had no history of disorders or medication use likely to influence bone or calcium metabolism. Multiple regression analysis was used to derive models for total and regional BMD in terms of the other variables measured. The analysis indicated that total body BMD was positively related to fat mass (P less than 0.0001), serum estrone (P = 0.0095) and age at menopause (P = 0.0165), and negatively related to age (P less than 0.0001), 24-h urine calcium (P = 0.0002), sex hormone-binding globulin (P = 0.0003), and serum alkaline phosphatase activity (P = 0.0029) (R2 = 0.61). Similar relationships were found in the subregions of the total body scans and in the lumbar spine and proximal femur, with insulin-like growth factor-1, parity, and age at menarche also being related to BMD at at least two of these sites. Lean body mass was not an independent correlate of BMD at any site once fat mass was taken into account. Muscle strength, physical activity, alcohol intake, and dietary intakes of calcium, sodium and protein did not emerge as significant predictors of BMD in this homogeneous group of postmenopausal women. We conclude that total body fat is the most significant predictor of BMD throughout the skeleton and this relationship is not explicable in terms of either estrone production in fat tissue or the dependence of skeletal load-bearing on fat mass. The mechanism underlying this relationship is an important question to be addressed in bone biology. FAU - Reid, I R
Independent benefits of meeting the 2008 physical activity guidelines to insulin resistance in obese latino children.$$$ We examined the independent association between moderate-to-vigorous physical activity (MVPA) and insulin resistance (IR) among obese Latino children (N = 113; 7-15 years) who were enrolled in a community-based obesity intervention. Baseline information on physical activity was gathered by self-report. Clinical assessments of body composition, resting energy expenditure (REE), as well as glucose and insulin responses to an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) were performed after an overnight fast. Insulin resistance was defined as a 2 h insulin concentration >57 μU·mL(-1). We observed that those obese children who met the 2008 Guidelines for MVPA (≥60 min/day) experienced a significantly lower odds of IR compared with those not meeting the Guidelines (OR = 0.29; 95% CI: (0.10-0.92)) and these findings were independent of age, sex, pubertal stage, acculturation, fasting insulin, and 2 h glucose concentrations. Efforts to promote 60 min or more of daily MVPA among children from ethnic minority and high-risk communities should assume primary public health importance. FAU - Mirza, Nazrat
Leptin and its emerging role in children and adolescents.$$$ Leptin is an adipocyte-secreted hormone which plays a key role in energy homeostasis. Recent "proof of concept" studies involving leptin administration to humans support its critical role in regulating energy homeostasis, neuroendocrine and immune function as well as insulin resistance in states of energy/ caloric deprivation. Moreover, interventional studies in leptin deficient children and observational studies in normal girls and boys support a role for leptin as a permissive factor for the initiation of puberty in children. The potential clinical usefulness of leptin in several disease states in children and adolescents, including hypothalamic amenorrhea, eating disorders and syndromes of insulin resistance is still under investigation. FAU - Kelesidis, Iosif
Central precocious puberty caused by mutations in the imprinted gene MKRN3.$$$ BACKGROUND: The onset of puberty is first detected as an increase in pulsatile secretion of gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH). Early activation of the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis results in central precocious puberty. The timing of pubertal development is driven in part by genetic factors, but only a few, rare molecular defects associated with central precocious puberty have been identified. METHODS: We performed whole-exome sequencing in 40 members of 15 families with central precocious puberty. Candidate variants were confirmed with Sanger sequencing. We also performed quantitative real-time polymerase-chain-reaction assays to determine levels of messenger RNA (mRNA) in the hypothalami of mice at different ages. RESULTS: We identified four novel heterozygous mutations in MKRN3, the gene encoding makorin RING-finger protein 3, in 5 of the 15 families; both sexes were affected. The mutations included three frameshift mutations, predicted to encode truncated proteins, and one missense mutation, predicted to disrupt protein function. MKRN3 is a paternally expressed, imprinted gene located in the Prader-Willi syndrome critical region (chromosome 15q11-q13). All affected persons inherited the mutations from their fathers, a finding that indicates perfect segregation with the mode of inheritance expected for an imprinted gene. Levels of Mkrn3 mRNA were high in the arcuate nucleus of prepubertal mice, decreased immediately before puberty, and remained low after puberty. CONCLUSIONS: Deficiency of MKRN3 causes central precocious puberty in humans. (Funded by the National Institutes of Health and others.). FAU - Abreu, Ana Paula
Serum retinol-binding protein 4 concentration and its ratio to serum retinol are associated with obesity and metabolic syndrome components in children.$$$ CONTEXT: Although retinol-binding protein (RBP)-4 concentrations are elevated in animal models of obesity and insulin resistance (IR), the link between RBP4 and IR in humans is less clear. There are few published data on RBP4 levels in overweight children, and most previous studies did not control for vitamin A (VA) status and/or subclinical inflammation. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to measure serum RBP4, serum retinol (SR), the RBP4-to-SR molar ratio, and dietary VA intakes in normal-weight and overweight children and investigate the relationship of these variables to IR, subclinical inflammation, and the metabolic syndrome in this age group. DESIGN: This was a cross-sectional study. SETTING: The study was conducted in Northern Switzerland. PATIENTS: Patients included 6- to 14-yr-old normal-weight, overweight, and obese children (n = 79). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Body mass index, body fat percentage, waist-to-hip ratio, dietary VA intakes, serum RBP4, and SR were determined. IR was assessed using fasting insulin and the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index, and components of the metabolic syndrome and indices of subclinical inflammation were measured. RESULTS: Only 3% of children had low VA status. Independent of age, VA intakes, and C-reactive protein, body mass index, body fat percentage, and waist-to-hip ratio were significant predictors of RBP4, SR, and RBP4/SR. Independent of adiposity, RBP4 and RBP4/SR were significantly correlated with serum triglycerides, and RBP4/SR was correlated with fasting insulin. The RBP4-to-SR ratio more strongly correlated with components of the metabolic syndrome than serum RBP4. CONCLUSION: Independent of subclinical inflammation and vitamin A intakes, serum RBP4 and the RBP4-to-SR ratio are correlated with obesity, central obesity, and components of the metabolic syndrome in prepubertal and early pubertal children. FAU - Aeberli, Isabelle
Effects of a lifestyle program on vascular reactivity in macro- and microcirculation in severely obese adolescents.$$$ CONTEXT AND OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to comprehensively assess the macro- and microcirculation of severely obese adolescents (SOA) and normal-weight counterparts and to determine the longitudinal effects of weight loss on vascular function in SOA. DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS, AND OUTCOME MEASURES: Seventeen SOA (body mass index z-score = 4.22 ± 0.73) and 19 puberty-matched normal-weight counterparts (body mass index z-score = -0.02 ± 1.04) were included. The SOA participated in a 4 month weight loss program. Brachial artery flow-mediated dilation and response to sublingual nitrate (nitrate-mediated dilation [NMD]) were assessed by high-resolution ultrasound. Microvascular reactivity was evaluated by laser Doppler flowmetry in response to NMD, iontophoresis of acetylcholine and sodium nitroprusside, and local hyperthermia. Plasma insulin, leptin, resistin, C-reactive protein, myeloperoxidase, and tissue plasminogen activator were measured. RESULTS: At baseline, SOA had similar flow-mediated dilation and impaired NMD in the brachial artery compared to normal-weight adolescents. Similarly, peak responses to acetylcholine and sodium nitroprusside iontophoresis and to local hyperthermia were unaltered, whereas cutaneous blood flow after NMD was lower in the forearm microcirculation of SOA. All plasma measurements were significantly higher in SOA. After the 4-month program, SOA presented a weight reduction of 7.4 ± 3.1%, but neither brachial artery nor microvascular reactivity variables were improved. Significant decreases were detected in plasma leptin, myeloperoxidase, and tissue plasminogen activator. CONCLUSIONS: Macro- and microvascular endothelial function are preserved in adolescents with severe obesity. Conversely, weight loss does not improve their impaired smooth muscle response to exogenous organic nitrate in both vascular beds, despite reducing plasma markers adversely related to vascular homeostasis. FAU - Montero, David
International conference on the healthy effect of virgin olive oil.$$$ 1. Ageing represents a great concern in developed countries because the number of people involved and the pathologies related with it, like atherosclerosis, morbus Parkinson, Alzheimer's disease, vascular dementia, cognitive decline, diabetes and cancer. 2. Epidemiological studies suggest that a Mediterranean diet (which is rich in virgin olive oil) decreases the risk of cardiovascular disease. 3. The Mediterranean diet, rich in virgin olive oil, improves the major risk factors for cardiovascular disease, such as the lipoprotein profile, blood pressure, glucose metabolism and antithrombotic profile. Endothelial function, inflammation and oxidative stress are also positively modulated. Some of these effects are attributed to minor components of virgin olive oil. Therefore, the definition of the Mediterranean diet should include virgin olive oil. 4. Different observational studies conducted in humans have shown that the intake of monounsaturated fat may be protective against age-related cognitive decline and Alzheimer's disease. 5. Microconstituents from virgin olive oil are bioavailable in humans and have shown antioxidant properties and capacity to improve endothelial function. Furthermore they are also able to modify the haemostasis, showing antithrombotic properties. 6. In countries where the populations fulfilled a typical Mediterranean diet, such as Spain, Greece and Italy, where virgin olive oil is the principal source of fat, cancer incidence rates are lower than in northern European countries. 7. The protective effect of virgin olive oil can be most important in the first decades of life, which suggests that the dietetic benefit of virgin olive oil intake should be initiated before puberty, and maintained through life. 8. The more recent studies consistently support that the Mediterranean diet, based in virgin olive oil, is compatible with a healthier ageing and increased longevity. However, despite the significant advances of the recent years, the final proof about the specific mechanisms and contributing role of the different components of virgin olive oil to its beneficial effects requires further investigations. FAU - Perez-Jimenez, F
Mortality in Type 1 Diabetes. BTI - Diabetes in America$$$ Despite major advances in management and care, type 1 diabetes remains associated with considerable premature mortality. Although significant improvements in life expectancy have been observed in those diagnosed since 1965, mortality rates among patients with type 1 diabetes remain significantly higher than the general population, a finding confirmed by several studies in the United States and internationally, with standardized mortality ratios revealing that patients with type 1 diabetes have mortality rates that are 3–18 times higher than would be expected in their respective countries. There is marked geographic variation in mortality, and further notable differences between males and females, compared to the general population. Deaths due to diabetes-related acute and chronic complications appear to account for nearly all of the excess premature mortality in patients with type 1 diabetes compared to the general population. Diabetes-related chronic complications, particularly cardiovascular and renal disease, are now the predominant causes of death in type 1 diabetes, in contrast to the high rates of death due to diabetes-related acute complications (i.e., glycemic-related events) observed during earlier years (i.e., the pre-insulin era). End-stage renal disease (ESRD), historically, is the leading cause of death in the mid-years of diabetes duration (up to 35 years), accounting for more than half of deaths. After 35 years duration, however, cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death, accounting for two-thirds of deaths. With the decline (or delay) in developing ESRD due to improvements in diabetes management, this pattern may be changing. Several risk factors for type 1 diabetes mortality have been investigated. Females with type 1 diabetes continue to have a greater increase in mortality compared to females in the general population than is found for males. This pattern is consistent for all causes of death, particularly CVD, where the standardized mortality ratio for females (24.7) is nearly three times that for males (8.6), primarily resulting from the lower rates of mortality in the female general population. In addition, African Americans remain at increased risk of premature mortality compared to Caucasians, consistently having mortality rates 2.5 higher than their Caucasian counterparts over the past 30 years. Onset of type 1 diabetes after puberty also appears to be associated with 1.5–2.0-fold higher mortality than prepubertal onset. Several other factors are associated with type 1 diabetes mortality, including lower socioeconomic status, hypertension, smoking, and renal failure. Some risk factors, such as glycemic control and insulin resistance, have not consistently shown direct associations with type 1 diabetes mortality but are associated with diabetes-related chronic complications and are likely contributing factors. Indeed, the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial/Epidemiology of Diabetes Interventions and Complications study suggests that even 6 years of more intensive therapy may lead to a lower mortality over 20 years of further follow-up. Finally, type 1 diabetes has a greater impact on mortality rates in U.S. populations than seen in many European countries, with U.S. standardized mortality ratios of 6.9–7.5 compared to European standardized mortality ratios of 3.3–4.2. These geographic differences indicate an urgent need to improve disease management and access to care in the United States. FED - Cowie, Catherine C
Precocious puberty at an endocrine centre in Jordan.$$$ BACKGROUND: Data from developed countries about precocious puberty are abundant; data from developing countries are limited. Causes are different, and diagnostic and treatment possibilities are very expensive. The present study aimed to display the spectrum of initial presentation and aetiology among children with precocious puberty and to assess any association between th e clinical features and the underlying cause of the condition. PATIENTS AND METHOD: Forty-three girls and seven boys with precocious puberty were diagnosed at the Endocrine Clinic of Jordan University Hospital and at The National Center for Diabetes, Endocrinology and Genetics, Amman, Jordan, between the 1984 and 2003. RESULTS: Mean age for the girls with precocious puberty was 4.1 years +/- 2.5 SD and for the boys was 2.4 years +/- 1.9 SD. Among the girls, 21% presented with breast development only, 9% with pubic hair appearance only and 70% with multiple signs. All the boys presented with pubic hair appearance and enlarged genitalia. Organic causes for precocious puberty were detected in 42% of the girls and in all the boys. Idiopathic precocious puberty was more common among the girls presenting with breast development only (89%) compared with those presenting with multiple presenting signs (50%), and also was more common among girls presenting between 6 and 8 years (82%) than among those presenting < 6 years of age (42%). Congenital adrenal hyperplasia was diagnosed in four boys and four girls, and hypothyroidism in three girls. CONCLUSION: Precocious puberty in the girls was usually of idiopathic origin when it presented with breast development only and at age older than 6 years. Congenital adrenal hyperplasia and hypothyroidism could represent important causes for precocious puberty in our community. FAU - Taher, B M
The role of pro/anti-inflammatory adipokines on bone metabolism in NAFLD obese adolescents: effects of long-term interdisciplinary therapy.$$$ To investigate the role of pro- and anti-inflammatory adipokines in the bone metabolism of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) obese adolescents as well as the effects of long-term interdisciplinary therapy on metabolic-related risk factors. Forty post-puberty obese adolescents were randomly assigned into two groups: (1) NAFLD group and (2) non-NAFLD group (diagnosis by ultrasonography) and submitted to a weight loss therapy. Body composition was analyzed by air displacement plethysmography, bone mineral density (BMD) and content by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, blood samples were collected to measure lipid profile, hepatic enzymes, and adipokines. Leptin and adiponectin concentrations were measured by ELISA. A decrease in total body mass, BMI, body fat, visceral and subcutaneous fat, insulin concentration, HOMA-IR, total cholesterol and an increase in lean body mass were observed in both groups after therapy. It was found positive correlation between the Δ BMD and the Δ fat mass (%) (r = 0.31, P = 0.01) and negative correlations between Δ BMC with Δ HOMA-IR (r = -0.34, P = 0.02) and Δ HOMA-IR with Δ leptin (r = -0.34, P = 0.02). In addition, increased levels of adiponectin and reduction in leptin concentrations were observed in NAFLD group. In the simple regression analysis, the HOMA-IR was an independent predictor changes in BMC in total obese adolescents and in the non-NAFLD group. One year of interdisciplinary weight loss therapy for obese adolescents with or without NAFLD, could regulate bone mineral metabolism as result of an increased BMC and improved inflammatory state. FAU - Campos, Raquel M S
Maternal intake of omega-3 and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids during mid-pregnancy is inversely associated with linear growth.$$$ This study investigates relations of maternal N-3 and N-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) intake during pregnancy with offspring body mass index (BMI), height z-score and metabolic risk (fasting glucose, C-peptide, leptin, lipid profile) during peripuberty (8-14 years) among 236 mother-child pairs in Mexico. We used food frequency questionnaire data to quantify trimester-specific intake of N-3 alpha-linolenic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA); N-6 linoleic acid and arachidonic acid (AA); and N-6:N-3 (AA:EPA+DHA), which accounts for the fact that the two PUFA families have opposing effects on physiology. Next, we used multivariable linear regression models that accounted for maternal education and parity, and child's age, sex and pubertal status, to examine associations of PUFA intake with the offspring outcomes. In models where BMI z-score was the outcome, we also adjusted for height z-score. We found that higher second trimester intake of EPA, DHA and AA were associated with lower offspring BMI and height z-score. For example, each 1-s.d. increment in second trimester EPA intake corresponded with 0.25 (95% CI: 0.03, 0.47) z-scores lower BMI and 0.20 (0.05, 0.36) z-scores lower height. Accounting for height z-score in models where BMI z-score was the outcome attenuated estimates [e.g., EPA: -0.16 (-0.37, 0.05)], suggesting that this relationship was driven by slower linear growth rather than excess adiposity. Maternal PUFA intake was not associated with the offspring metabolic biomarkers. Our findings suggest that higher PUFA intake during mid-pregnancy is associated with lower attained height in offspring during peripuberty. Additional research is needed to elucidate mechanisms and to confirm findings in other populations. FAU - Al-Hinai, M
The role of somatropin therapy in children with Noonan syndrome.$$$ Patients with Noonan syndrome, which is thought to have an incidence of 1 : 1,000 to 1 : 2,500 live births, have variable hypogonadism together with features such as pulmonary valvular stenosis, dysmorphism, deafness, visual problems, cryptorchidism, clotting disorders, and short stature. Noonan syndrome is now known to be associated with mutations in the PTPN11 gene encoding the protein tyrosine phosphatase SHP-2 on chromosome 12 (12q24.1). This discovery will facilitate both knowledge of the true incidence and phenotypic diversity. There are poor genotype-phenotype correlations in Noonan syndrome, and the currently defined gene abnormalities only account for a minority of those identified on a clinical basis. Puberty in patients with Noonan syndrome generally occurs spontaneously but is typically delayed. Mean adult height is 162.5cm (men) and 153cm (women), although standards are based on relatively small samples of largely cross-sectional data and are subject to ascertainment bias. Available evidence suggests that there may be disturbance of the growth hormone/insulin-like growth factor axis in Noonan syndrome and that somatropin (growth hormone therapy) dose-dependently improves vertical growth in the short to medium-term. Final height data from a number of European studies will be available later in 2003. Noonan syndrome patients with echocardiographic features of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy may be at particular risk from somatropin therapy because of its known effects on cardiac muscle mass; these patients have generally been excluded from trials of somatropin. Unbiased evidence for the efficacy and safety of somatropin therapy in Noonan syndrome will come from appropriately controlled studies of sufficiently large numbers of patients defined on such a basis and followed to final height. This is now possible but will require international cooperation. Nevertheless, the clinical relevance of somatropin therapy in Noonan syndrome and other short stature syndromes will be dependent on looking beyond improvement in final height (even if achievable) to psychological and quality of life outcomes. FAU - Kelnar, Chris J H
Is McCune-Albright syndrome overlooked in subjects with fibrous dysplasia of bone?$$$ OBJECTIVE: McCune-Albright syndrome (MAS) is characterized by a clinical triad of endocrinopathies, café au lait pigmentation, and polyostotic fibrous dysplasia of bone. We hypothesized that children diagnosed with fibrous dysplasia are not routinely being evaluated for coexisting endocrine dysfunction or MAS. Our objective was to prospectively screen subjects with fibrous dysplasia for endocrine disease and G(s)alpha gene (GNAS1 )-activating mutations. STUDY DESIGN: Nine subjects who presented with fibrous dysplasia and were followed in orthopedic clinics were evaluated for other manifestations of MAS. Genomic DNA was isolated from blood, and mutation analysis of GNAS1 was performed. RESULTS: On physical examination, 5 of 9 subjects were found to have café au lait pigmentation. Three of 9 subjects had TSH levels below the normal range. One of these subjects was found to have hyperthyroidism and was treated by total thyroidectomy. GNAS1 mutations were identified in 5 of 9 subjects with either monostotic or polyostotic fibrous dysplasia of bone. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that a substantial proportion of children being followed for fibrous dysplasia of bone have unrecognized clinical and laboratory features of MAS. These children are at risk for endocrinopathy and should be screened accordingly. FAU - Hannon, Tamara S
Long-term health of women with genetic POI due to FSH-resistant ovaries.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To study the use of hormone therapy (HT), morbidity and reproductive outcomes of women with primary ovarian insufficiency (POI) due to FSH-resistant ovaries (FSHRO). DESIGN: A prospective follow-up study in a university-based tertiary clinic setting. METHODS: Twenty-six women with an inactivating A189V FSH receptor mutation were investigated by means of a health questionnaire and clinical examination. Twenty-two returned the health questionnaire and 14 were clinically examined. Main outcome measures in the health questionnaire were reported as HT, morbidity, medication and infertility treatment outcomes. In the clinical study, risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and metabolic syndrome (MetS) were compared to age-matched controls from a national population survey (FINRISK). Average number of controls was 326 per FSHRO subject (range 178-430). Bone mineral density and whole-body composition were analyzed with DXA. Psychological and sexual well-being was assessed with Beck Depression Inventory (BDI21), Generalized Anxiety Disorder 7 (GAD-7) and Female Sexual Function Index (FSFI) questionnaires. RESULTS: HT was initiated late (median 18 years of age) compared with normal puberty and the median time of use was shorter (20-22 years) than the normal fertile period. Osteopenia was detected in 9/14 of the FSHRO women despite HT. No major risk factors for CVD or diabetes were found. CONCLUSIONS: HT of 20 years seems to be associated with a similar cardiovascular and metabolic risk factor profile as in the population control group. However, optimal bone health may require an early-onset and longer period of HT, which would better correspond to the natural fertile period. FAU - Luiro, Kaisu
A Cutoff for Age at Menarche Predicting Metabolic Syndrome in Egyptian Overweight/Obese Premenopausal Women.$$$ Previous studies showed that early age at menarche is associated with increased risk of metabolic syndrome. However, the definition of early menarche at these studies was based on background data in the communities at which these studies was carried on. The aim of this work is to determine a cutoff for age at menarche discriminating presence or absence of metabolic syndrome in overweight/obese premenopausal women. This study included 204 overweight/obese women. Metabolic syndrome was defined according to NCEP-ATP III (National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III) criteria. Of a total 204 participants, 82 (40.2%) had metabolic syndrome. By using receiver operating characteristic analysis, age at menarche ≤12.25 year discriminated individuals with from those without metabolic syndrome. The area under the curve was 0.76 (95% confidence interval, 0.70 to 0.83). Sensitivity, specificity, negative predictive value, and positive predictive value were 82%, 70%, 85%, and 64%, respectively. Age at menarche ≤12.25 years predicts the presence of metabolic syndrome in overweight/obese women.
Chronotype, Social Jet Lag, and Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Early Adolescence.$$$ IMPORTANCE: Inadequate sleep duration and quality increase the risk of obesity. Sleep timing, while less studied, is important in adolescents because increasing evening preferences (chronotypes), early school start times, and irregular sleep schedules may cause circadian misalignment. OBJECTIVE: To investigate associations of chronotype and social jet lag with adiposity and cardiometabolic risk in young adolescents. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Starting in 1999, Project Viva recruited pregnant women from eastern Massachusetts. Mother-child in-person visits occurred throughout childhood. From January 23, 2012, to October 16, 2016, 804 adolescents aged 12 to 17 years completed 5 days or more of wrist actigraphy, questionnaires, and anthropometric measurements. A cross-sectional analysis using these data was conducted from April 31, 2018, to May 1, 2019. EXPOSURES: Chronotype, measured via a continuous scale with higher scores indicating greater evening preferences, and social jet lag, measured as the continuous difference in actigraphy sleep midpoint in hours from midnight on weekends vs weekdays, with higher values representing more delayed sleep timing on weekends. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Adiposity, measured via anthropometry and dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry. For a subset of 479 adolescents with blood samples, cardiometabolic risk scores were computed as the mean of 5 sex- and cohort-specific z scores for waist circumference, systolic blood pressure, inversely scaled high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and log-transformed triglycerides and homeostatic model of insulin resistance. RESULTS: Among the 804 adolescents in the study, 418 were girls and 386 were boys, with a mean (SD) age of 13.2 (0.9) years. In multivariable models adjusted for age, puberty, season, and sociodemographics, associations of chronotype and social jet lag with adiposity varied by sex. For girls, greater evening preference was associated with a 0.58-cm (95% CI, 0.12-1.03 cm; P = .04 for interaction) higher waist circumference and 0.16 kg/m2 (95% CI, 0.01-0.31 kg/m2; P = .03 for interaction) higher fat mass index as measured by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry; each hour of social jet lag was associated with a 1.19-cm (95% CI, 0.04-2.35 cm; P = .21 for interaction) higher waist circumference and 0.45 kg/m2 (95% CI, 0.09-0.82 kg/m2; P = .01 for interaction) higher fat mass index as measured by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry. Associations of social jet lag and evening chronotypes persisted for many measures of adiposity after adjustment for sleep duration and other lifestyle behaviors. By contrast, no associations were observed in boys. There were no associations with the cardiometabolic risk score for either sex, although statistical power was low for this outcome. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Evening chronotypes and social jet lag were associated with greater adiposity in adolescent girls but not adolescent boys. Interventions aimed at improving sleep schedules may be useful for obesity prevention, especially in girls. FAU - Cespedes Feliciano, Elizabeth M
Adult height and epigenotype in children with Silver-Russell syndrome treated with GH.$$$ AIMS: To compare adult heights of GH-treated and GH-untreated patients with Silver-Russell syndrome (SRS) who were epigenotyped. METHODS: This was a nonrandomized retrospective study with matched controls at a single center. Molecular analysis of 32 out of 37 GH-treated patients (16 females) revealed IGF2-H19 epimutations in 12 and maternal uniparental disomy of chromosome 7 (matUPD7) in 5 patients; 15 were negative. At start of GH, mean age was 7.2 years and mean height -3.34 standard deviation score (SDS). Mean GH dose used was 51 µg/kg·day, mean duration of therapy was 5.6 years. Puberty was blocked by GnRH analogs in 16 patients. The untreated group comprised 13 individuals (5 females, mean age 6.8 years and mean height -3.34 SDS). End points were adult height and overall height gain. RESULTS: GH-treated patients reached an adult height of -2.12 ± 0.98 SDS gaining 1.22 SDS in comparison to baseline. Adult height SDS of the untreated was -3.13 ± 1.37 SDS. The matched treated patients were significantly taller than their untreated counterparts. Outcome was dependent on height at start of GH and duration of therapy. Height gain was highest in the shortest patients. CONCLUSIONS: GH improved adult height in SRS to a comparable degree as reported in nonsyndromic SGA children. A trend toward a better outcome in matUPD7 needs confirmation in larger cohorts.
McCune Albright syndrome in association with excessive GH secretion: case report.$$$ McCune-Albright Syndrome is a rare syndrome characterized with excessive function of peripheral endocrine organs and activating mutations of the stimulatory G protein alpha subunit are involved in the pathogenesis. The three main findings of the disease include hyperpigmented café au lait spots, fibrous dysplasia and increased endocrine functions and excessive secretion of growth hormone is observed in 21% of the patients. Clinical signs may be missed in these patients because of precocious puberty and craniofacial fibrous dysplasia. Since radiotherapy causes to sarcomatous changes and transsphenoidal surgery may cause to severe thickening in the cranial bones, they are not appropriate treatment options and medical treatment is recommended. Bromocriptine, cabergoline and octreotide or different combinations of these drugs are used in treatment and pegvisomant has also been used in recent years. Here, we present a male patient aged 12 years and 7 months to show gigantism as a rare clinical reflection of McCune-Albright Syndrome with an excessive height (197 cm), café au lait spots, growht hormone levels which could not be supressed with oral glucose tolerance test and increased prolactin levels. FAU - Özsu, Elif
Pre-natal undernutrition and post-natal overnutrition are associated with permanent changes in hepatic metabolism markers and fatty acid composition in sheep.$$$ AIM: Determine the impacts of pre- and early-post-natal nutrition on selected markers of hepatic glucose and fat metabolism. METHODS: Twin-bearing ewes were fed 100% (NORM) or 50% (LOW) of protein and energy requirements during the last 6-weeks of gestation. Twin-lambs received either a high-carbohydrate high-fat (HCHF) or conventional (CONV) diet from 3 days to 6 months of age (around puberty), whereafter lambs from the four subgroups were slaughtered (16 males/3 females). Remaining lambs (19 females) were fed a moderate diet and slaughtered at 2 years of age (young adults). RESULTS: Pre-natal LOW nutrition was associated with increased hepatic triglyceride, ceramide and free fatty acid content in adulthood (not observed in lambs), which was accompanied by up-regulated early-stage insulin signalling as reflected by increased INSRβ and PI3K-p110 protein expression. The HCHF diet increased hepatic triglyceride content in lambs, associated with down-regulated expressions of energy-metabolism-related genes (GLUT1, PPARα, SREBP1c, PEPCK). These post-natal effects were not observed in adult HCHF sheep, after they had received a moderate (body-fat correcting) diet for 1.5 years. Interestingly, pre-natal LOW nutrition induced permanent alterations in hepatic phospholipids' fatty acid composition. Thus, the amount of linoleic acid (C18 : 2 ∆(9,12)) was significantly increased and composition of rumen-derived fatty acids were altered, indicating changed composition of rumenal microbiota. CONCLUSION: Hepatic insulin signalling and linoleic and microbial-derived fatty acid content in phospholipids are targets of foetal programming induced by late-gestation undernutrition. Future studies are required to explain their cause-effect associations with increased risks of developing hepatic steatosis and insulin insensitivity in adulthood.
Comparison of Classical and Non-Classical Turner Syndrome at NICH Karachi.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To analyse chromosomal abnormalities of the patients who were referred for the screening of short stature and delayed puberty and to verify the association between karyotype and phenotype in confirmed Turner Syndrome (TS) patients. STUDY DESIGN: Descriptive study. PLACE AND DURATION OF STUDY: Department of Pediatric Endocrinology and Diabetes Unit-II, National Institute of Child Health, Karachi, from January 2011 to June 2016. METHODOLOGY: Patients referred for the evaluation of short stature or delayed puberty were for the assessment of karyotype and phenotype correlations; standard karyotyping was executed and analysed on the basis of routine G-banding technique. Echocardiography and pelvic ultrasonography was also performed. RESULTS: The study population consisted of 79 registered patients, with short stature and delayed puberty 48/79 (60.75%), short stature 68/79 (86.07%), and ambiguous genitalia 5/79 (6.32%). Conferring to the karyotype analysis, classical Turner Syndrome 45, X was found in 42/79 (53.16%), isochromosomes 13/79 (16.45%), and mosaicism was present in 11/79 (14.1%). Only 7/79 (8.86%) cases were diagnosed in infancy. CONCLUSION: The results of the study showed the consistency of short stature and delayed puberty in most of patients. Monosomy of X chromosome was the commonest followed by isochromosomes, mosaicism and structural abnormalities of X chromosome. No remarkable difference was found among classical and non-classical TS patients' height. FAU - Ibrahim, Mohsina Noor
Sex-specific relationships between insulin resistance and bone mineral content in Korean adolescents.$$$ The aim of this study was to examine sex-specific relationships between insulin resistance (IR) and bone mineral content (BMC) according to age group and weight status. A population-based sample of 618 Korean adolescents (315 male and 303 female), aged 10-19 years from the Fourth Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 2009. They were divided into three age groups (10-12; 13-16; 17-19 years) and two weight groups (non-overweight vs. overweight). IR was assessed using the homeostatic model of assessment of IR (HOMA-IR). Soft tissue composition (fat and lean mass) and BMC of the whole body, proximal femur, and lumbar spine were measured by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry. Adiposity (body mass index, waist circumference, or soft tissue composition), age, height, total cholesterol, triglycerides, high density lipoprotein cholesterol, alkaline phosphatase, serum vitamin D, dietary calcium and energy intake, and menarche for females were adjusted using general linear models of a complex sampling design. Higher HOMA-IR was associated with a decrease in BMC in male adolescents aged 13-19 years after adjustment for adiposity and other confounders, while the associations were not significant in male adolescents aged 10-12 years and female adolescents. After adjustment for adiposity and confounders, the inverse associations between HOMA-IR and BMC were more consistent in non-overweight male adolescents than in other weight groups (overweight males and non-overweight and overweight females). The unfavorable effect of IR on BMC appears to be more obvious in males aged 13-19 years or non-overweight males than in females. FAU - Lee, Kayoung
Cow milk consumption, insulin-like growth factor-I, and human biology: a life history approach.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the life history consequences of cow milk consumption at different stages in early life (prenatal to adolescence), especially with regard to linear growth and age at menarche and the role of insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) in mediating a relationship among milk, growth and development, and long-term biological outcomes. METHODS: United States National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) data from 1999 to 2004 and review of existing literature. RESULTS: The literature tends to support milk's role in enhancing growth early in life (prior to age 5 years), but there is less support for this relationship during middle childhood. Milk has been associated with early menarche and with acceleration of linear growth in adolescence. NHANES data show a positive relationship between milk intake and linear growth in early childhood and adolescence, but not middle childhood, a period of relatively slow growth. IGF-I is a candidate bioactive molecule linking milk consumption to more rapid growth and development, although the mechanism by which it may exert such effects is unknown. CONCLUSIONS: Routine milk consumption is an evolutionarily novel dietary behavior that has the potential to alter human life history parameters, especially vis-à-vis linear growth, which in turn may have negative long-term biological consequences.
Basal and stimulated levels of growth hormone, insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I), IGF-I binding and IGF-binding proteins in beta-thalassemia major.$$$ A significant percentage of children with beta-thalassemia major shows retardation in longitudinal growth as they progress towards puberty due to skeletal dysplasia, endocrine gland hypofunction or trace element deficiencies. The aim of this study was to evaluate GH/IGF-I secretion and action in prepubertal patients with beta-thalas-semia major. Eight prepubertal patients with short stature (group A) and seven prepubertal patients with normal stature (group B) were studied. Basal and stimulated (after administration of the hexapeptide Hexarelin) GH levels were measured with IRMA (Nichols); IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels were measured with RIA (Nichols). IGF-I binding proteins (IGFBPs) were analyzed qualitatively with Western ligand blot. IGF-I binding to B-lymphocytes of the patients was also measured with competitive binding studies using human recombinant IGF-I and 125I-IGF-I (Amersham). Basal GH levels did not differ statistically between the groups. Peak GH levels after Hexarelin stimulation test were higher in group A (A: 27.9 +/- 15.6 ng/ml vs B: 9.1 +/- 4.7 ng/ml) (Wilcoxon test, p < 0.05). IGF-I levels in the two groups were low-normal and comparable (A: 168.0 +/- 81.6 ng/ml vs B: 126.6 +/- 25.5 ng/ml). IGFBP-3 levels were low in both groups (A: 1.21 +/- 0.27 microg/ml vs B: 1.08 +/- 0.20 microg/ml). Western ligand blot did not reveal any discernible difference in IGFBPs. However, IGF-I binding on B-lymphocytes was at least 20% lower in group A compared to group B (t-test, p < 0.01). IGF-I binding inversely correlated with peak GH levels (r = -0.54, p < 0.05). Patients in group A were older and chronological age correlated with IGF-I levels (r = 0.53, p < 0.05) whereas it inversely correlated with IGF-I binding (r = -0.63, p < 0.05). Moreover, patients in group A had higher ferritin levels. No correlation was found between ferritin levels, desferrioxamine dose/compliance or liver enzyme levels and the parameters of the GH axis studied. However, desferrioxamine dose x years correlated with IGFBP-3 (r = 0.56, p < 0.05) and correlated inversely with IGF-I binding (r = -0.74, p < 0.01). In conclusion, we have shown adequate GH secretion, higher secretive capacity after the administration of Hexarelin and lower IGF-I binding in prepubertal beta-thalassemic patients with short stature. Whatever the cause, reduced IGF-I action has to be considered when treating beta-thalassemic patients with short stature. FAU - Karydis, Ioannis
Microsatellite instability (MSI) as genomic markers in endometrial cancer: toward scientific evidences.$$$ Endometrial Cancer is the most frequent tumor in western world nations, with 142,000 new cases each year and 42,000 casualties. This form of cancer typically affects women between 55 and 65 years of age, and ranks fourth among female tumors. Endogenous predisposing conditions to endometrial cancer development are: late menopause, early menarche and hyperestrogenism, while hormone replacement therapy, obesity, alcohol, diabetes, and a diet rich in animal fats as well as chronic liver disease, are the exogenous factors. This tumor may also have an hereditary predisposition, as in the Lynch Syndrome or in HNPCC (Hereditary NonPolyposis Colorectal Cancer), since genetic modifications induced by the "MisMatch Repair" genes lead to a tumoral development susceptibility, not only in the colon. The phenotypical consequences of these genetic modifications may be found in the microsatellite instability (MSI) and in the loss of heterozygosity (LOH), which generate the replication errors in positive phenotypes repeats. These express the incapability to repair short nucleotide insertions or deletions, generated by a wrong DNA replication. Due to such genetic modifications, new allelic variants arise in the endometrial tissue, confirming the high degree of this genetic disorder. Recent studies showed that the MSI and LOH in endometrial cells may be associated with the possible loss in the expression of cellular control and with the possible degeneration of the cell growth phenomenon. There is also a possibility of utilizing these new genetic markers in the endometrial mucosa to study these tissues and to detect any possible neoplastic transformations, thanks to Genomics. FAU - Tinelli, A
KLB, encoding β-Klotho, is mutated in patients with congenital hypogonadotropic hypogonadism.$$$ Congenital hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (CHH) is a rare genetic form of isolated gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) deficiency caused by mutations in > 30 genes. Fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 (FGFR1) is the most frequently mutated gene in CHH and is implicated in GnRH neuron development and maintenance. We note that a CHH FGFR1 mutation (p.L342S) decreases signaling of the metabolic regulator FGF21 by impairing the association of FGFR1 with β-Klotho (KLB), the obligate co-receptor for FGF21. We thus hypothesized that the metabolic FGF21/KLB/FGFR1 pathway is involved in CHH Genetic screening of 334 CHH patients identified seven heterozygous loss-of-function KLB mutations in 13 patients (4%). Most patients with KLB mutations (9/13) exhibited metabolic defects. In mice, lack of Klb led to delayed puberty, altered estrous cyclicity, and subfertility due to a hypothalamic defect associated with inability of GnRH neurons to release GnRH in response to FGF21. Peripheral FGF21 administration could indeed reach GnRH neurons through circumventricular organs in the hypothalamus. We conclude that FGF21/KLB/FGFR1 signaling plays an essential role in GnRH biology, potentially linking metabolism with reproduction.
A Life Course Perspective on Body Size and Cardio-metabolic Health. BTI - A Life Course Perspective on Health Trajectories and Transitions$$$ The growth of a child and the amount of weight gained across the life course is associated with risk for many chronic degenerative diseases. The life course approach to this area of epidemiological research has burgeoned over the last 25 years, since the initial observation of an inverse relationship between birth weight and coronary heart disease. We review the substantial amount of published research to demonstrate which age-related body size trajectories are indicative of increased risk of cardio-metabolic diseases such as coronary heart disease, stroke, and type two diabetes. Association does not mean causation. The chapter thus also provides an overview of the key sociocultural and other factors responsible for deleterious trajectories, and the biological pathways through which they act, to show how the trajectories are driven by biology but modifiable by the environment. Attention is paid to critical periods and transitions, both biological (e.g., puberty) and behavioural (e.g., marriage), and the influences that these might have on an individual’s trajectory. We highlight the importance of life course trajectories of body size and their associations with trajectories of markers of cardio-metabolic health such as blood pressure and lipids, and the need to integrate biological and social research to move towards a more complete understanding of cardio-metabolic disease processes and, ultimately, how to delay the onset of disease.
Neural processing of food cues in pre-pubertal children.$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Neuroimaging investigations of brain pathways involved in reward and motivation have primarily focused on adults. This study sought to identify brain responses to visual food cues and explore its relationships with adiposity and sex in pre-pubertal children. METHODS: Brain responses to palatable food vs. non-food cues were measured in 53 children (age: 8.18 ± .66 years; sex: 22 boys, 31 girls) after an overnight fast. Whole-brain analysis (cluster-correction Z > 2.3, P < .05) was performed to examine brain food cue reactivity and its relationships with adiposity and sex. RESULTS: Greater brain activity in response to food vs. non-food cues was observed in regions implicated in reward (orbital frontal cortex, striatum), taste (insula, postcentral gyrus), appetite (hypothalamus), emotion (amygdala), memory (hippocampus), visual processing (occipital cortex) and attention (parietal cortex). A negative association was found between percent body fat and food cue reactivity in the medial prefrontal cortex and lateral orbital frontal cortex adjusting for age and sex. Boys compared with girls had increased food cue reactivity in right hippocampus and visual cortex. CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that body fat and sex are important moderators of brain food cue reactivity in children.
Evaluation of growth hormone stimulation testing in children.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the use and interpretation of growth hormone (GH) stimulation tests used across the UK for diagnosing GH deficiency. BACKGROUND: Previous studies show poor consensus on the use of GH stimulation tests. Sex steroid priming and retesting in the transition period are areas not previously surveyed. DESIGN: Data were collected from tertiary paediatric endocrinologists, paediatricians with a specialist interest in endocrinology and biochemists across the UK over 6 months through distributing electronic surveys. RESULTS: At least three different GH stimulation tests were used by 33% of departments. Glucagon and insulin doses varied most, and sampling frequency varied most using insulin. All laboratories use a recommended chemiluminescence immunoassay with an acceptable coefficient of variability. The GH peak for diagnosing GH deficiency varied from 6 to 8 μg/l. A wide range of clinical scenarios prompted retesting in the transition period, suggesting nonstandardized current practice. Seventy-five per cent of departments use sex steroid priming, but follow criteria variously combining bone age, chronological age and pubertal stage, together with variations in steroid type and dose. CONCLUSIONS: Although a contentious diagnostic test, GH stimulation tests remain the gold standard for diagnosing GH deficiency. Our data suggest that together with variation in indication, protocol and interpretation, there is considerable variation in current practices pertaining to priming and retesting in transition. Given the current financial climate and the need for careful resource management, this study emphasizes the considerable need for consensus in the investigation, diagnosis and long-term follow-up of these children, at least nationally if not internationally.
Clinical and inheritance profiles of Kallmann syndrome in Jordan.$$$ BACKGROUND: Proper management of patients with Kallmann syndrome (KS) allows them to attain a normal reproductive health. The purpose of this study is to demonstrate the presentation modalities, phenotypes and the modes of inheritance among 32 patients with Kallmann syndrome in Jordan. Recognition of the syndrome allows for prompt proper management and provision of genetic counselling. SUBJECTS: Over a period of five years (1999-2004), the clinical and inheritance profiles of 26 male and 6 female patients with Kallmann syndrome from 12 families were evaluated at the National Center for Diabetes, Endocrinology and Genetics in Jordan. RESULTS: The patients belonged to twelve Jordanian and Palestinian families and their age at presentation ranged from 4 - 46 years. Nine boys aged 4-14 years presented with cryptorchidism and microphallus, all other males presented with delayed puberty, hypogonadism and/or infertility. The main presentation among six female patients was primary amenorrhea. Intrafamilial variability in clinical phenotype was specifically evident for renal abnormalities and sensorineural hearing impairment. Familial KS was diagnosed in 27 patients belonging to five families with the X-linked mode of inheritance and two families with the autosomal recessive mode of inheritance. CONCLUSIONS: (1) the majority of cases in this study represented the X-linked form of KS, which might point to a high prevalence of Kal 1 gene in the population. (2) Genetic counselling helps these families to reach a diagnosis at an early age and to decide about their reproductive options. (3) Children presenting with cryptorchidism and microphallus in our population should be investigated for KS. FAU - Abujbara, Mousa A
Linear and undulating periodized strength plus aerobic training promote similar benefits and lead to improvement of insulin resistance on obese adolescents.$$$ The present study compares the effectiveness of three types of physical training for obesity control in adolescents submitted to a long-term interdisciplinary therapy. Forty-five post-puberty obese adolescents (15-18yo) were randomly placed in three different groups of physical trainings: aerobic training (AT n=20), aerobic plus strength training with linear periodization (LP n=13) and aerobic plus strength training with daily undulating periodization (DUP n=12). The body composition was evaluated by air-displacement plethysmography; the rest metabolic rate was measured by indirect calorimetry; serum analysis was collected after an overnight fasting. The most important finding of this study was that both LP and DUP groups improved lipid profile, insulin sensitivity and adiponectin concentration (p<0.01). The linear regression showed a negative association between delta (%) adiponectin and delta (%) insulin (p<0.05). Each group presented a significant reduction in body mass, body mass index and fat mass (kg) after short and long-term intervention (p<0.01). However, the AT group reduced the fat-free mass after short-term intervention (p<0.01) and enhanced protein oxidation (p<0.01), whereas only LP group was able to increase the fat-free mass and maintain the rest metabolic rate (RMR). There was a negative correlation between percentage of protein oxidation and RMR (r=-0.75) in all groups. The interdisciplinary therapy models that included aerobic plus strength training were more effective than only aerobic training to improve lipid profile and insulin sensitivity, as well as the inflammatory state by increasing adiponectin. In all groups were observed an improvement on anthropometric profile.
Anorexia nervosa in female adolescents: endocrine and bone mineral density disturbances.$$$ Anorexia nervosa (AN) is a chronic childhood psychiatric illness that involves a reduction in caloric intake, loss of weight and amenorrhea, either primary or secondary. The diagnostic criteria for AN have been established by the American Psychiatric Association. The prevalence of this disease amongst adolescents and young adults is between 0.5 and 1% and the incidence of new cases per year is approximately 5-10/100,000 between 15 and 19 years of age.A number of endocrine and metabolic disturbances have been described in patients with AN including amenorrhea-oligomenorrhea, delayed puberty, hypothyroidism, hypercortisolism, IGF-I deficiency, electrolyte abnormalities, hypoglycemia and hypophosphatemia, among others. In addition to prolonged amenorrhea, osteopenia and osteoporosis are the most frequent complications leading to clinically relevant fractures and increased fracture risk throughout life. Patients exhibit an alteration in the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis, which is responsible for the menstrual disorders. The increase in gonadotropin secretion that can be observed after ponderal recuperation suggests that malnutrition could be the most important mechanism involved in the decrease in gonadotropin secretion. The loss of fat tissue as a consequence of nutrient restriction has been associated with hypoleptinemia and abnormal secretion of peptides implicated in food control (neuropeptide Y, melanocortins and corticotropin-releasing factor, among others).A review of the endocrine abnormalities, disturbances in neurotransmitters, as well as a detailed analysis of bone markers and bone mineral density in patients with AN is described. FAU - Muñoz, M T
Precocious pubarche, dyslipidemia, and low IGF binding protein-1 in girls: relation to reduced prenatal growth.$$$ An increasing series of pediatric endocrinopathies and metabolic anomalies has been recognized as related to reduced prenatal growth. We have tested whether the association of precocious pubarche (PP), dyslipidemia, and low serum IGF binding protein-1 in girls is also related to reduced prenatal growth. Fasting serum lipids, lipoproteins, and IGFBP-1 concentrations were measured in 187 girls (83 without PP and 104 with PP; mean age, 11.8 y; range, 5-18 y) with known birthweight and gestational age, the latter being transformed into birthweight SD scores. Birthweight SD scores of girls with PP were lower than those of girls without PP. Within the group of PP girls, those with dyslipidemia and low IGFBP-1 had lower (p < 0.0001) birth-weight SD scores (-2.02+/-0.23; mean +/- SEM) than those with normal lipids, lipoproteins, and IGFBP-1 (-0.37+/-0.15), whereas girls with an intermediate number of abnormalities had intermediate birthweight SD scores (-0.80+/-0.18). In conclusion, dyslipidemia and low serum IGFBP-1 in girls with PP were found to be related to reduced prenatal growth, an observation pointing to the prenatal origin of these metabolic abnormalities. FAU - Ibáñez, L
Neighbourhood socioeconomic circumstances, adiposity and cardiometabolic risk measures in children with severe obesity.$$$ BACKGROUND: It has recently been shown that neighbourhood socioeconomic disadvantage in childhood is associated with obesity, hypertension, fatty liver, and type 2 diabetes in adulthood. However, it is largely unknown whether neighbourhood socioeconomic circumstances are important predictors of adiposity and associated measures in children, especially in those with severe obesity. Therefore, we evaluated the associations between neighbourhood socioeconomic factors with the severity of obesity, and related cardiometabolic risk factors in a cohort of obese children. METHODS: The Childhood Overweight BioRepository of Australia (COBRA) cohort study comprises 444 children (mean age 11.1years, mean BMI z-score 2.5). Neighbourhood socioeconomic advantage/disadvantage was evaluated based on postcode information by the national Australian Socio-Economic Indexes for Areas (SEIFA) scores. Participants/parents also completed self-administered questionnaires on neighbourhood related facilities, family education and family income. RESULTS: In analyses adjusted for age, sex and pubertal status, SEIFA indicating neighbourhood education/occupation was negatively associated with BMI, waist circumference and body fat%. Higher family education was associated with lower BMI. Neighbourhood walkability was related to lower waist circumference. Good shopping facilities in the neighbourhood were associated with increased risk of dyslipidemia and fatty liver, and the existence of parks and playgrounds nearby was related to dyslipidemia. CONCLUSIONS: The present data suggest that neighbourhood-related issues are associated with less severe adiposity among children with established obesity. Concerning cardiometabolic risk factors, shopping facilities were related to dyslipidemia and fatty liver. These findings suggest that increased awareness and efforts are needed to diminish socioeconomic inequalities between neighbourhoods.
Higher Serum Insulin Concentrations Positively Influence the Bone Mineral Density in African American Adolescents.$$$ BACKGROUND: Puberty is a developmental stage of increased insulin resistance that also is a critical period for bone mass accrual. Historically, African Americans (AA) have lesser risk for osteoporotic fractures compared to European Americans (EA). AA also have higher incidence of insulin resistance. The possibility that bone health and insulin secretion or concentrations are linked has not been investigated. AIMS: We aimed to examine the associations of bone mineral density (BMD) and bone mineral apparent density (BMAD) with insulin sensitivity and secretion in healthy adolescent girls and healthy female adults and to evaluate ethnic differences in these associations. STUDY DESIGN: Observational cohort design. PLACE AND DURATION OF THE STUDY: University of Alabama at Birmingham, between January 2010 and September 2011. METHODOLOGY: Healthy, female, non-smoking adolescents and young adults (14-55 years) were enrolled in this observational cohort study. RESULTS: Adolescents had significantly higher fasting insulin (P=0.0002), insulin area under the curve [AUC] (P= 0.0004) and lower insulin sensitivity (P=0.0005) compared to adults. Among adolescents, AA race was significantly associated with BMD (β=0.086, P=0.01) and BMAD (β=0.0075, P=0.002); however, adjusting for insulin AUC explained this difference. Insulin AUC (β=0.0006, P=0.029) and fasting insulin (β=0.0005, P=0.01) were positively associated with BMAD only in AA adolescents. Insulin AUC and fasting insulin were not significant predictors of BMD for adults. CONCLUSION: The higher insulin concentration among AA adolescents is associated with increased BMD and higher BMAD. FAU - Ashraf, Ambika P
Relationships of cardiorespiratory fitness with metabolic risk factors, inflammation, and liver transaminases in overweight youths.$$$ The aim of this study was to assess the relationships of fatness and fitness with metabolic risk factors, including liver transaminases and inflammation in obese youth, taking in account gender, age, and pubertal stage. 241 children were studied (135 girls), age 11.9 +/- 2.2 years (x +/- SD), Body Mass Index z score 5.4 +/- 2.7. For girls, VO(2max) was significantly associated with insulin (P = .001), Insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (P = .005), and ALT (P = .012); a relationship was displayed between fibrinogen and age and % fat mass (FM) (P = .008); for boys, relationships were found between VO(2max) and diastolic blood pressure and triglycerides; independent associations were also found between age and insulin, HOMA-IR and HDL cholesterol; fibrinogen and sedimentation rate were related (P </= .004) with %FM. Their relationships are observed from young age and increase with the continuous increase of factors. This supports the need to treat overweight as soon as it is detected; improving CRF is one of the ways which could be used to prevent the complications of obesity. FAU - Bouglé, Dominique
Analysis of testosterone effects on sonic hedgehog signaling in juvenile, adolescent and adult sprague dawley rat penis.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Smooth muscle apoptosis is a major contributing factor to erectile dysfunction (ED) development in prostatectomy and diabetic patients and animal models. A critical regulator of penile smooth muscle and apoptosis is Sonic hedgehog (SHH). The SHH protein is decreased in ED models and SHH treatment of cavernous nerve (CN) injured rats prevents smooth muscle apoptosis. A close association between androgen deficiency and ED has been suggested in the literature, but few studies have examined the molecular effects on penile smooth muscle and on known signaling mechanisms that regulate morphology. Aim. Examine testosterone and SHH interaction in eugonadal adult, adolescent and juvenile rats by performing castration studies and treatment with supraphysiological testosterone. METHODS: The eugonadal adult Sprague Dawley rats were either treated with testosterone for 7 or 14 days (N = 14) or were castrated for 4 or 7 days (N = 12). The juvenile rats were treated with testosterone for 8 days (N = 7). The adolescent rats were castrated and sacrificed at P88 (N = 8). The control rats had empty vehicle (N = 22) or sham surgery (N = 20). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The active form of SHH protein and mRNA were quantified by semi-quantitative immunohistochemical analysis and real-time reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR). RESULTS: Testosterone treatment did not alter SHH signaling in juvenile rats. Shh mRNA increased 3.2-fold and SHH protein increased 1.2-fold in rats castrated during puberty. In adult rats, castration decreased Shh mRNA 3.2-fold but did not alter SHH protein. Testosterone supplement in adult rats increased Shh mRNA 2.3-fold and decreased SHH protein 1.3-fold. CONCLUSIONS: SHH signaling is independent of testosterone in normal juvenile rats and is sensitive to testosterone during adolescence, while testosterone supplement in the adult adversely impacts SHH signaling in a very similar manner to that observed with CN injury. FAU - Bond, Christopher W
Dairy products, yogurts, and bone health.$$$ Fracture risk is determined by bone mass, geometry, and microstructure, which result from peak bone mass (the amount attained at the end of pubertal growth) and from the amount of bone lost subsequently. Nutritional intakes are an important environmental factor that influence both bone mass accumulation during childhood and adolescence and bone loss that occurs in later life. Bone growth is influenced by dietary intake, particularly of calcium and protein. Adequate dietary calcium and protein are essential to achieve optimal peak bone mass during skeletal growth and to prevent bone loss in the elderly. Dairy products are rich in nutrients that are essential for good bone health, including calcium, protein, vitamin D, potassium, phosphorus, and other micronutrients and macronutrients. Studies supporting the beneficial effects of milk or dairy products on bone health show a significant inverse association between dairy food intake and bone turnover markers and a positive association with bone mineral content. Fortified dairy products induce more favorable changes in biochemical indexes of bone metabolism than does calcium supplementation alone. The associations between the consumption of dairy products and the risk of hip fracture are less well established, although yogurt intake shows a weakly positive protective trend for hip fracture. By consuming 3 servings of dairy products per day, the recommended daily intakes of nutrients essential for good bone health may be readily achieved. Dairy products could therefore improve bone health and reduce the risk of fractures in later life. FAU - Rizzoli, René
Sexual dimorphisms in genetic loci linked to body fat distribution. LID - BSR20160184 [pii] LID - 10.1042/BSR20160184 [doi]$$$ Obesity is a chronic condition associated with increased morbidity and mortality and is a risk factor for a number of other diseases including type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Obesity confers an enormous, costly burden on both individuals and public health more broadly. Body fat distribution is a heritable trait and a well-established predictor of adverse metabolic outcomes. Body fat distribution is distinct from overall obesity in measurement, but studies of body fat distribution can yield insights into the risk factors for and causes of overall obesity. Sexual dimorphism in body fat distribution is present throughout life. Though sexual dimorphism is subtle in early stages of life, it is attenuated in puberty and during menopause. This phenomenon could be, at least in part, due to the influence of sex hormones on the trait. Findings from recent large genome-wide association studies (GWAS) for various measures of body fat distribution (including waist-to-hip ratio, hip or waist circumference, trunk fat percentage and the ratio of android and gynoid fat percentage) emphasize the strong sexual dimorphism in the genetic regulation of fat distribution traits. Importantly, sexual dimorphism is not observed for overall obesity (as assessed by body mass index or total fat percentage). Notably, the genetic loci associated with body fat distribution, which show sexual dimorphism, are located near genes that are expressed in adipose tissues and/or adipose cells. Considering the epidemiological and genetic evidence, sexual dimorphism is a prominent feature of body fat distribution. Research that specifically focuses on sexual dimorphism in fat distribution can provide novel insights into human physiology and into the development of obesity and its comorbidities, as well as yield biological clues that will aid in the improvement of disease prevention and treatment.
Plasma non-esterified fatty acid levels in children and their relationship with sex steroids.$$$ OBJECTIVE: Puberty is associated with decreased insulin sensitivity. Sexual hormones have been related with the onset of insulin resistance, but their relationship with non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) remains unexplored. The aim of this study was to evaluate circulating NEFA levels in population-based samples of prepubertal children and adolescents and to analyze the association of NEFA with obesity, insulin resistance, and sexual hormones in adolescents. EXPERIMENTAL: The studied population included 854 randomly selected 6-8-year-old children and 822 children aged 12-16years. NEFA levels were determined using a commercial kit. Testosterone and estradiol levels were determined by RIA, and insulin and sex hormone binding protein by IRMA. HOMA was calculated as an indicator of insulin resistance. RESULTS: NEFA levels were lower in adolescents than in 6-8-year-old children, and decreased progressively with age between 12-year-olds and 16-year-olds. No significant differences in NEFA levels were observed between obese and non-obese adolescents. NEFA were not correlated with insulin or HOMA in 12-16-year-old girls, and appear negatively correlated with these variables in boys. Insulin and HOMA were negatively correlated with SHBG levels in both sexes adjusting by age but NEFA levels were not. CONCLUSIONS: NEFA levels decrease with age in adolescents and are not significantly increased in obese children, supporting the fact that the decreased insulin sensitivity at this age is not affecting NEFA metabolism. Although SHBG is related to insulin and HOMA independently of age in both sexes, SHBG levels are not associated with NEFA.
Prematurity, smallness-for-gestational age and later hospital admissions: a nation-wide registry study.$$$ INTRODUCTION: Being born premature or small for gestational age (SGA) is known to be associated with diseases later in life, such as gestational diabetes, hypertension and pre-eclampsia. In this study we examined the association between being born premature or SGA and all diseases diagnosed during hospital admissions later in life. METHODS: Using Danish nation-wide registries we created a cohort of 1,348,106 persons born 1974-1996 and assessed all unique diagnoses registered in the Danish Patient Registry (DPR) for hospital admissions in the period 1994-2007 (n=27,910,558). We determined the odds ratios for persons born premature or SGA using multivariate logistic regression. RESULTS: A total of 15,059 unique ICD-10 diagnosis codes were represented in the period. Only diagnoses used at least 100 times were included in the analysis (n=4175). Of these 838 showed an odds ratio that was statistically significantly different from unity for people born premature or SGA. After correcting for multiple testing, 250 remained significant. The diagnoses covered diseases in most organ systems, including cardiovascular, endocrinological, infectious, neurological/neurosurgical, obstetric, orthopedic, psychiatric, lung & urological diseases, and occurred throughout childhood and early adulthood. Novel findings included increased risks for delayed puberty, neurofibromatosis type 1 and ileus and decreased risks of mononucleosis, peritonsillar abscesses, chronic hypothyroidism and several types of fractures and contusions later in life. CONCLUSION: Being born premature or SGA was associated with significantly altered risks of being admitted to a hospital with a wide range of diseases later in life, affecting almost all organ systems throughout childhood and early adulthood. Our findings may motivate testing in other cohorts and search for novel mechanisms of pathogenesis.
No association between body mass index and beta(3)-adrenergic receptor variant (W64R) in children with premature pubarche and adolescent girls with hyperandrogenism.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine if the Trp(64)Arg (W64R) variant of the beta(3)-adrenergic receptor (ADRB3) could be used as a genetic marker to define risk for polycystic ovary syndrom (PCOS) and/or obesity in children and adolescents. DESIGN: Association study. SETTING: Academic research environment. PATIENT(S): Children referred for evaluation of premature pubic hair (n = 63), adolescent girls referred for evaluation of hirsutism and/or oligomenorrhea (n = 33), and healthy adult controls (n = 67). INTERVENTION(S): None. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Relationship of body mass index (BMI) to presence or absence of W64R variant and frequency of W64R variant in our patient population. RESULT(S): Body mass index (kg/m(2)) was determined for 63 children (55 girls and 8 boys) and 33 adolescent girls. Presence or absence of the W64R variant was assayed by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) amplification followed by allele-specific restriction fragment digest. Twelve subjects and 11 healthy controls were found to be heterozygous for the W64R variant. One subject was found to be homozygous for the W64R variant. Allele frequency for the W64R variant was comparable between patients and controls. Among the patients, mean BMI values were not different between carriers and noncarriers. CONCLUSION(S): Although other studies suggest that the W64R variant is associated with the development of obesity and insulin resistance, we cannot demonstrate that it has a major effect on BMI in children with premature pubarche or in adolescent girls with hyperandrogenism. Serial observations are necessary to determine if this variant predicts the development of obesity and/or PCOS in adulthood. FAU - Witchel, S F
Prenatal and postnatal prevalence of Klinefelter syndrome: a national registry study.$$$ The objective of this study was to describe the prevalence of Klinefelter syndrome (KS) prenatally and postnatally in Denmark and determine the influence of maternal age. All chromosomal examinations in Denmark are registered in the Danish Cytogenetic Central Registry. Individuals with KS diagnosed prenatally or postnatally were extracted from the registry with information about age at the time of diagnosis and mother's age. In the period 1970-2000, 76,526 prenatal examinations on male fetuses resulted in the diagnosis of 163 fetuses with KS karyotype, corresponding to a prevalence of 213 per 100,000 male fetuses. Standardization according to maternal age resulted in a prevalence of 153 per 100,000 males. Postnatally, 696 males of 2,480,858 live born were diagnosed with KS, corresponding to a prevalence among adult men of approximately 40 per 100,000. Less than 10% of the expected number was diagnosed before puberty. Advanced maternal age had a significant impact on the prevalence. KS is severely underdiagnosed in Denmark. Only approximately one fourth of adult males with KS are diagnosed. There is a marked delay in diagnosis of the syndrome. A delay in treatment with testosterone may lead to decreased muscle and bone mass with subsequent risk of osteoporosis. FAU - Bojesen, Anders
Vitamin D status and bone biomarkers in childhood cancer.$$$ Early detection of abnormalities in bone turnover may be facilitated by assessing biomarkers of bone metabolism including vitamin D status. In many children with cancer, biomarkers of bone formation (osteocalcin, bone specific alkaline phosphatase and carboxy-(or N terminal) propeptide of type 1 procollagen) were observed to be suppressed, while bone resorption was elevated as measured by serum cross-linked (or C-terminal) telopeptide of type 1 collagen. Insulin-like growth factor 1, which stimulates bone formation, may be suppressed indirectly indicating a growth hormone insufficiency. Leptin may also play a role in bone remodeling as hyperleptinemia has been observed in association with acute lymphoblastic leukemia. Evaluation of bone status using such biomarkers is complicated by the lack of universally accepted reference values and the variation by age, gender, or pubertal status. Etiologic factors contributing to the observed skeletal morbidities include disease process, chemotherapy (drugs such as glucocorticoids and methotrexate) and radiotherapy. Other factors common to children with cancer, such as chronic inflammation, dietary changes and physical inactivity, must also be taken into account. The current evidence for abnormalities in biomarkers of vitamin D status and bone turnover will be the focus of this review of published studies.
Growth pattern in Kabuki syndrome with a KMT2D mutation.$$$ Kabuki syndrome is a multiple congenital malformation syndrome with a spectrum of clinical features including short stature. Since there is no growth data on Kabuki syndrome patients with a proven KMT2D gene mutation, further research on growth and growth patterns is indicated. Data for this growth study on subjects with Kabuki syndrome were collected from referring clinicians. Subjects were eligible for inclusion in the study if the following criteria were met: a genetically confirmed diagnosis of Kabuki syndrome and no current treatment with growth hormones or other drugs that could influence growth. We present a report on growth data (n = 39) in Kabuki syndrome patients. The data showed that postnatal growth retardation is a clinical feature in all cases. All Kabuki syndrome subjects showed a growth deflection during childhood and a diminution of the pubertal growth spurt. A genotype-phenotype correlation was not observed. Further research is required in order to determine whether a defect in the growth hormone/IGF-I axis and estrogen receptor plays a role in the growth retardation. © 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Combined androgen excess and Western-style diet accelerates adipose tissue dysfunction in young adult, female nonhuman primates.$$$ STUDY QUESTION: What are the separate and combined effects of mild hyperandrogenemia and consumption of a high-fat Western-style diet (WSD) on white adipose tissue (WAT) morphology and function in young adult female nonhuman primates? SUMMARY ANSWER: Combined exposure to mild hyperandrogenemia and WSD induces visceral omental (OM-WAT) but not subcutaneous (SC-WAT) adipocyte hypertrophy that is associated with increased uptake and reduced mobilization of free fatty acids. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Mild hyperandrogenemia in females, principally in the context of polycystic ovary syndrome, is often associated with adipocyte hypertrophy, but the mechanisms of associated WAT dysfunction and depot specificity remain poorly understood. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE AND DURATION: Female rhesus macaques were randomly assigned at 2.5 years of age (near menarche) to receive either cholesterol (C; n = 20) or testosterone (T; n = 20)-containing silastic implants to elevate T levels 5-fold above baseline. Half of each of these groups was then fed either a low-fat monkey chow diet or WSD, resulting in four treatment groups (C, control diet; T alone; WSD alone; T + WSD; n = 10/group) that were maintained until the current analyses were performed at 5.5 years of age (3 years of treatment, young adults). PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING AND METHODS: OM and SC-WAT biopsies were collected and analyzed longitudinally for in vivo changes in adipocyte area and blood vessel density, and ex vivo basal and insulin-stimulated fatty acid uptake and basal and isoproterenol-stimulated lipolysis. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: In years 2 and 3 of treatment, the T + WSD group exhibited a significantly greater increase in OM adipocyte size compared to all other groups (P < 0.05), while the size of SC adipocytes measured at the end of the study was not significantly different between groups. In year 3, both WAT depots from the WSD and T + WSD groups displayed a significant reduction in local capillary length and vessel junction density (P < 0.05). In year 3, insulin-stimulated fatty acid uptake in OM-WAT was increased in the T + WSD group compared to year 2 (P < 0.05). In year 3, basal lipolysis was blunted in the T and T + WSD groups in both WAT depots (P < 0.01), while isoproterenol-stimulated lipolysis was significantly blunted in the T and T + WSD groups only in SC-WAT (P < 0.01). LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: At this stage of the study, subjects were still relatively young adults, so that the effects of mild hyperandrogenemia and WSD may become more apparent with increasing age. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: The combination of mild hyperandrogenemia and WSD accelerates the development of WAT dysfunction through T-specific (suppression of lipolytic response by T), WSD-dependent (reduced capillary density) and combined T + WSD (increased fatty acid uptake) mechanisms. These data support the idea that combined hyperandrogenemia and WSD increases the risk of developing obesity in females. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): Research reported in this publication was supported by the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development of the National Institutes of Health under award number P50 HD071836 to C.T.R. and award number OD 011092 from the Office of the Director, National Institutes of Health, for operation of the Oregon National Primate Research Center. The content is solely the responsibility of the authors and does not necessarily represent the official views of the National Institutes of Health.
The relationships among total body fat, bone mineral content and bone marrow adipose tissue in early-pubertal girls.$$$ Investigation of the physiologic relevance of bone marrow adipose tissue (BMAT) during growth may promote understanding of the bone-fat axis and confluence with metabolic factors. The objective of this pilot investigation was two-fold: (1) to evaluate the relationships among total body fat, bone mineral content (BMC) and femoral BMAT during childhood and underlying metabolic determinants and (2) to determine if the relationships differ by race. Participants included white and non-Hispanic black girls (n=59) ages 4-10 years. Femoral BMAT volume was measured by magnetic resonance imaging, BMC and body fat by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Metabolic parameters were assessed in the fasted state. Total fat and BMC were positively associated with BMAT; however, simultaneous inclusion of BMC and body fat in the statistical model attenuated the association between BMC and BMAT. Differences in BMAT volume were observed, non-Hispanic black girls exhibiting marginally greater BMAT at age eight (P=0.05) and white girls exhibiting greater BMAT at age ten (P<0.001). Metabolic parameters conferred differential impact by race, such that, a positive association for BMAT and leptin (P=0.02) and adiponectin (P=0.002) in white girls while BMAT and insulin were inversely related in non-Hispanic black girls (P=0.008). Our findings revealed a positive relationship between BMAT, body fat and BMC, although body fat, respective to leptin, contributed partly to the relationship between BMAT and BMC. Despite large differences in total fat between non-Hispanic black and white, the relationship between BMAT and BMC was similar to white girls. However, this relationship appeared to be impacted through different mechanisms according to race. FAU - L Newton, Anna
Insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) protects cultured equine Leydig cells from undergoing apoptosis.$$$ Leydig cells located in the interstitial space of the testicular parenchyma produce testosterone which plays a critical role in the maintenance and restoration of spermatogenesis in many species, including horses. For normal spermatogenesis, maintaining Leydig cells is critical to provide an optimal and constant level of testosterone. Recently, an anti-apoptotic effect of IGF-I in testicular cells in rats has been reported, but a similar effect of IGF-I on equine Leydig cells remains to be elucidated. If IGF-I also protects stallion testicular cells from undergoing apoptosis, then IGF-I may have potential as a treatment regime to prevent testicular degeneration. The present study was designed to evaluate the anti-apoptotic effect of IGF-I on cultured equine Leydig cells. Testes were collected from 5 post-pubertal stallions (2-4 years old) during routine castrations. A highly purified preparation of equine Leydig cells was obtained from a discontinuous Percoll gradient. Purity of equine Leydig cells was assessed using histochemical 3β-HSD staining. Equine Leydig cells and selected doses of recombinant human IGF-1 (rhIGF-I; Parlow A.F., National Hormone and Peptide Program, Harbor-UCLA Medical Center) were added to wells of 24 or 96 well culture plates in triplicate and cultured for 24 or 48 h under 95% air:5% CO(2) at 34°C. After 24 or 48 h incubation, apoptotic rate was assessed using a Cell Death Detection ELISA kit. Significantly lower apoptotic rates were observed in equine Leydig cells cultured with 5, 10, or 50ng/ml of rhIGF-I compared with control cells cultured without rhIGF-I for 24h. Exposure to 1, 5, 10 or 50 ng/ml of rhIGF-I significantly decreased apoptotic rate in equine Leydig cells cultured for 48 h. After 48 h incubation, cells were labeled with Annexin V and propodium iodine to determine the populations of healthy, apoptotic, and necrotic cells by counting stained cells using a Nikon Eclipse inverted fluorescence microscope. As a percentage of the total cells counted, significantly lower numbers of apoptotic cells were observed in cells treated with 10 (9%) or 50 ng/ml (10%) of rhIGF-I compared with cells cultured without rhIGF-I (control, 22%). In this study, the results from the two assays indicated that rhIGF-I protected equine Leydig cells from undergoing apoptosis during cell culture for 24h or 48 h. In conclusion, IGF-I may be an important paracrine/autocrine factor in protecting equine Leydig cells from undergoing apoptosis.
[The alterations of body composition in children with growth hormone deficiency during first two years of growth hormone treatment].$$$ INTRODUCTION: In children the most significant effect of growth hormone (GH) treatment is an increase of growth velocity, but improved body composition seems to be also an important element of normal metabolic status in childhood. AIM OF STUDY: To evaluate the alterations of body composition and their association with growth promoting effect during 2 years of GH treatment in children. MATERIAL AND METHODS: 50 pre-pubertal children with GH deficiency were evaluated: 11 girls and 39 boys. Mean age at the start of therapy was: 10.1+/-2.83 years. Dose of GH was 0.17 mg/kg/week. Body composition was evaluated by body mass index (BMI), skinfold thicknesses, body circumferences (waist, hip). Lean body mass (LBM) and fat mass (FM) were calculated by Slaughter's equation. Measurements were performed at the start, after 3, 6 and next each 6 months during 2 years of GH treatment. RESULTS: In the majority of patients LBM increased during the therapy and reached the highest values after 6 months (85.55%, p < 0.05). In next measurements LBM slightly decreased, but did not differ significantly in comparison with 6 month of therapy. Complementary tendencies were observed in FM: it decreased significantly after 6 months (DeltaFM = 4.49%) and maintained after 12 and 24 months without any significant changes. No differences were found in BMI. WHR changed significantly after 24 months. No correlation was found between the grade of changes of LBM, FM and the strength of the growth promoting effect. CONCLUSIONS: 1. The alterations of the body composition in GH deficient children treated with GH are occur during the first 6 moths of therapy, and next maintains a new balance of LBM and FM. 2. The anthropometric evaluation of body composition based on skinfolds measurement is the useful method for the assessment of LBM and FM changes during GH therapy in children. FAU - Kucharska, Anna M
Comparison of response to 2-years' growth hormone treatment in children with isolated growth hormone deficiency, born small for gestational age, idiopathic short stature, or multiple pituitary hormone deficiency: combined results from two large observational studies.$$$ BACKGROUND: Few studies have compared the response to growth hormone (GH) treatment between indications such as isolated growth hormone deficiency (IGHD), born small for gestational age (SGA), idiopathic short stature (ISS), and multiple pituitary hormone deficiency (MPHD). The aim of this analysis of data, collected from two large ongoing observational outcome studies, was to evaluate growth and insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) response data for children of short stature with IGHD, MPHD, SGA, or ISS following two years of treatment with the recombinant GH product Norditropin® (Novo Nordisk A/S, Bagsværd, Denmark). METHODS: Analysis of auxologic data from two ongoing prospective observational studies, NordiNet® International Outcomes Study (NordiNet® IOS) and NovoNet®/American Norditropin® STUDIES: Web-enabled Research (ANSWER) Program®. RESULTS: 4,582 children aged <18 years were included: IGHD, n = 3,298; SGA, n = 678; ISS, n = 334; and MPHD, n = 272. After two years' GH treatment, change in height standard deviation score (SDS) was +1.03 in SGA and +0.84 in ISS vs. +0.97 in IGHD (p = 0.047; p < 0.001 vs. IGHD, respectively). Height gain was comparable between IGHD and MPHD. In pre-pubertal children vs. total population, height SDS change after two years was: IGHD, +1.24 vs. +0.97; SGA, +1.17 vs. +1.03; ISS, +1.04 vs. +0.84; and MPHD, +1.16 vs. +0.99 (all p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: After two years' GH treatment, change in height SDS was greater in SGA and less in ISS, compared with IGHD; the discrepancy in responses may be due to the disease nature or confounders (i.e. age). Height SDS increase was greatest in pre-pubertal children, supporting early treatment initiation to optimize growth outcomes. FAU - Lee, Peter A
Fanconi-Bickel syndrome.$$$ Clinical, biochemical, functional and morphological data are presented in nine infants, children and adults, with Fanconi-Bickel syndrome. Long-term follow-up studies show severe growth retardation, partly compensated for by late onset of puberty. Glomerular filtration rate is normal or slightly decreased. Renal tubular dysfunction is characterized by a specific pattern of impaired proximal tubular transport mechanisms, with marked impairment of glucose transport. The utilization of glucose and galactose is defective, whereas fructose metabolism seems to be normal. Glycogenosis of the liver may be an epiphenomenon. Glycogen accumulation in the kidney is limited to the proximal tubule, with maximal levels in the straight part. The Fanconi-Bickel syndrome is a defined clinical entity which is distinguished from other inherited metabolic diseases by complex defects of renal tubular transport and other forms of glycogenosis. FAU - Manz, F
Vitamin D status and childhood health.$$$ Vitamin D is an essential component of bone and mineral metabolism; its deficiency causes growth retardation and skeletal deformities in children and osteomalacia and osteoporosis in adults. Hypovitaminosis D (vitamin D insufficiency or deficiency) is observed not only in adults but also in infants, children, and adolescents. Previous studies suggest that sufficient serum vitamin D levels should be maintained in order to enhance normal calcification of the growth plate and bone mineralization. Moreover, emerging evidence supports an association between 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25[OH]D) levels and immune function, respiratory diseases, obesity, metabolic syndrome, insulin resistance, infection, allergy, cancers, and cardiovascular diseases in pediatric and adolescent populations. The risk factors for vitamin D insufficiency or deficiency in the pediatric population are season (winter), insufficient time spent outdoors, ethnicity (non-white), older age, more advanced stage of puberty, obesity, low milk consumption, low socioeconomic status, and female gender. It is recommended that all infants, children, and adolescents have a minimum daily intake of 400 IU (10 µg) of vitamin D. Since the vitamin D status of the newborn is highly related to maternal vitamin D levels, optimal vitamin D levels in the mother during pregnancy should be maintained. In conclusion, given the important role of vitamin D in childhood health, more time spent in outdoor activity (for sunlight exposure) and vitamin D supplementation may be necessary for optimal health in infants, children, and adolescents. FAU - Shin, Youn Ho
[The physical development of children born with the use of assisted reproductive technologies].$$$ BACKGROUND: Today, about 0.1% of the world's population is born using assisted reproductive technology (ART). According to the National Register of ART, in our country these children represent approximately 1.5% of all children born annually. Despite such a high percentage, data on the physical development of children born using ART is contradictory. AIMS: The aim of the study is to compare the clinical and anthropometric measurements of children born with the help of ART with those of children conceived naturally, in different age groups. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The study included 88 children born as the result of the use of ART (Group 1) and 117 children conceived naturally (Group 2). Statistical indicators were evaluated from birth to the onset of puberty. Anthropometric measurements for both groups were analyzed, factoring for multiple pregnancy: length/height, SDS length/height, body weight, SDS body weight, body mass index (BMI), and SDS BMI, at birth and at the times of examination of each child. The levels of insulin-like growth factor-1 (SDS IGF-1) in children of both groups were also determined. RESULTS: SDS length and SDS weight at birth in children born to a singleton pregnancy were 0.82 [0.1; 1.83] and 0.17 [-0.53; 0.9] in Group 1, and 0.5 [-0.35; 1.75] and -0.11 [-0.94; 0.635] in Group 2 (p = 0.62 and 0.37, respectively). In children less than 1 year of age, 1 year to 3 years, and 3 to 11 years, there was no difference of SDS length/height and SDS BMI (p = 0.3 and 0.9; p=0.29 and 0.29; p=0.85 and 0.6, respectively). CONCLUSION: Children born from a singleton pregnancy in both groups were comparable in terms of anthropometric measurements both at birth (adjusted for gestational age), and at different ages. The levels of IGF-1 in children born as a result of the use of ART did not differ from those in children conceived naturally. FAU - Zyuzikova, Z S
Anthropometry and breast cancer. Body size--a moving target.$$$ Body size is one of the few breast cancer risk factors that can be modified throughout life and therefore should be considered in research on breast cancer prevention. The contrasting effects of body size on premenopausal breast cancer compared with postmenopausal breast cancer and the lack of a strong association between body mass and postmenopausal breast cancer in some cohort studies has led to a view that obesity has little influence on breast cancer risk. These conclusions are based on analyses that consider relative weight at one point in time as an adequate measure of lifelong weight patterns and their metabolic consequences. Recent research suggests that, compared to body mass indices, adult weight gain and increased central body fat may be more specific markers of the metabolic consequences of obesity and therefore may predict health outcomes more consistently. Adult weight gain and increases in central body fat, which commonly occur during menopause, have been associated consistently with an increased risk of postmenopausal breast cancer. The timing of weight gain also appears to influence breast cancer risk; increased relative weight and weight gain after menopause have been associated with the largest increases in relative risks. Overall levels of adiposity, increased central fat deposition, and weight gain are associated with alterations in ovarian hormone and glucose metabolism and in growth factors that may promote breast cancer cell growth. Data on lifelong weight changes and the location of fat depots may more precisely identify women with high risk patterns of sex steroid and glucose metabolism. Similarly, research is needed to determine if weight gain during periods of hormonal change, such as menarche, pregnancy, and menopause, have different biologic effects, perhaps because of differences in the location of fat deposition during these periods. Research also is needed on whether there are critical times relative to breast cancer promotion when excessive weight gain should be avoided. Data are lacking on the influence of weight loss or avoidance of weight gain on breast cancer risk or prognosis. FAU - Ballard-Barbash, R
Growth in Boys with 45,X/46,XY Mosaicism: Effect of Growth Hormone Treatment on Statural Growth.$$$ 45,X/46,XY mosaicism is a rare sex chromosome disorder of sex development. Short stature is a main feature of boys with this condition. Different causes likely contribute to growth impairment. Growth hormone (GH) has been administered to treat short stature in boys with 45,X/46,XY mosaicism, but conflicting data are available. Here, spontaneous growth patterns as well as short- and long-term follow-up studies during GH therapy in these patients are reviewed. Short- and mid-term data showed an improvement of the growth pattern in GH-treated boys, mainly when hormonal therapy was started early, while long-term follow-up demonstrated similar adult heights in GH-treated and untreated patients. Individual biological factors (e.g. different chromosome constitution, different mosaicism among various tissues, impaired pubertal growth spurt), non-homogeneous GH doses and different ages at start of therapy may contribute to the variable results. Thus, early GH therapy at pharmacological doses may improve the growth pattern of short boys with 45,X/46,XY mosaicism, but data on adult height are disappointing. Evaluation of larger patient samples treated by homogeneous doses and long-term follow-up studies assessing adult height and safety are needed to reach definitive conclusions on GH therapy in boys with 45,X/46,XY mosaicism.
Canadian Study of Determinants of Endometabolic Health in ChIlDrEn (CanDECIDE study): a cohort study protocol examining the mechanisms of obesity in survivors of childhood brain tumours. LID - 10.1136/bmjopen-2013-002869 [doi] LID - e002869$$$ BACKGROUND: Childhood obesity has reached epidemic proportions and is impacting children's health globally. In adults, obesity is associated with chronic low-grade inflammation that leads to insulin resistance, which is one of the important mechanisms through which dysregulation of metabolism occurs. There is limited information available about the contribution of inflammation to metabolic health in obese children, and how individual and lifestyle factors impact this risk. One of the paediatric groups at risk of higher rates of obesity includes the survivors of childhood brain tumours. The aim of this study was to evaluate the mechanisms that contribute to inflammation in obese survivors of childhood brain tumours. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This is a prospective cohort study. We will recruit lean and obese survivors of childhood brain tumours, and a control group composed of lean and obese children with no history of tumours. We will measure circulating and urinary cytokine levels and cytokine gene expression in monocytes. In addition, the methylation patterns of cytokine genes and that of toll-like receptor genes will be evaluated. These will be correlated with individual and lifestyle factors including age, sex, ethnicity, puberty, body mass index, fasting lipid levels, insulin sensitivity, diet, exercise, sleep, stress and built environment. The sample size calculation showed that we need 25 participants per arm ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: This study has received ethics approval from the institutional review board. Once completed, we will publish this work in peer-reviewed journals and share the findings in presentations and posters in meetings. DISCUSSION: This study will permit the interrogation of inflammation as a contributor to obesity and its complications in obese survivors of childhood brain tumours and compare them with lean survivors and lean and obese controls with no history of tumours, which may help identify therapeutic and preventative interventions to combat the rising tide of obesity. FAU - Samaan, M Constantine
Dietary predictors of the insulin-like growth factor system in adolescent females: results from the Dietary Intervention Study in Children (DISC).$$$ BACKGROUND: The insulin-like growth factor (IGF) system is associated with the adult diet and chronic disease. Childhood diet may influence chronic disease through its effect on the IGF system; however, there is limited information describing the dietary predictors of the IGF system in adolescents. OBJECTIVE: We examined associations between dietary food intake [fat, protein (animal and vegetable), carbohydrate, lactose, dietary fiber, calcium, zinc, and sodium] and serum IGF-I, IGF binding protein 1 (IGFBP-1), IGF binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3), and the IGF-I:IGFBP-3 molar ratio in adolescent females. DESIGN: One hundred fifty-nine adolescent females in the Dietary Intervention Study in Children (age range: 14-18 y; 0.2-6.3 y postmenarche) were included. The dietary intake was assessed via three 24-h dietary recalls. IGF-related biomarkers were determined by using radioimmunoassays. Associations between dietary intakes and biomarkers were assessed with Pearson's correlations and multivariable linear regression. Dietary intakes and biomarkers were logarithmically transformed; thus, beta coefficients represented percentages. RESULTS: In analyses adjusted for energy, age, and time since menarche, significant correlations (P < 0.05) were as follows: IGF-I with total protein, lactose, calcium, and sodium; IGFBP-3 with total fat (inverse), lactose, fiber, and calcium; IGF-I/IGFBP-3 with lactose and calcium; and IGFBP-1 with vegetable protein. In multivariable analyses, significant predictors of IGF-I were energy (beta = 0.14, P < 0.05) and calcium (beta = 0.14, P < 0.01), the significant predictor of IGFBP-3 was calcium (beta = 0.07, P < 0.05), and significant predictors of IGFBP-1 were vegetable protein (beta = 0.49, P < 0.05) and body mass index-for-age percentile (beta = -0.01, P < 0.001). CONCLUSION: This study provides evidence that dietary intake affects IGF-related biomarkers-particularly elevated calcium with IGF-I and IGFBP-3 and elevated vegetable protein with IGFBP-1-and, to our knowledge, is novel in reporting these associations in adolescent females. The Dietary Intervention Study in Children was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00000459. FAU - Kerver, Jean M
Genetic Evidence of the Association of DEAH-Box Helicase 37 Defects With 46,XY Gonadal Dysgenesis Spectrum.$$$ CONTEXT: 46,XY Gonadal dysgenesis (GD) is a heterogeneous group of disorders with a wide phenotypic spectrum, including embryonic testicular regression syndrome (ETRS). OBJECTIVE: To report a gene for 46,XY GD etiology, especially for ETRS. DESIGN: Screening of familial cases of 46,XY GD using whole-exome sequencing and sporadic cases by target gene-panel sequencing. SETTING: Tertiary Referral Center for differences/disorders of sex development (DSD). PATIENTS AND INTERVENTIONS: We selected 87 patients with 46,XY DSD (17 familial cases from 8 unrelated families and 70 sporadic cases); 55 patients had GD (among them, 10 patients from 5 families and 8 sporadic cases had ETRS), and 32 patients had 46,XY DSD of unknown etiology. RESULTS: We identified four heterozygous missense rare variants, classified as pathogenic or likely pathogenic in the Asp-Glu-Ala-His-box (DHX) helicase 37 (DHX37) gene in five families (n = 11 patients) and in six sporadic cases. Two variants were recurrent: p.Arg308Gln (in two families and in three sporadic cases) and p.Arg674Trp (in two families and in two sporadic cases). The variants were specifically associated with ETRS (7/14 index cases; 50%). The frequency of rare, predicted-to-be-deleterious DHX37 variants in this cohort (14%) is significantly higher than that observed in the Genome Aggregation Database (0.4%; P < 0.001). Immunohistochemistry analysis in human testis showed that DHX37 is mainly expressed in germ cells at different stages of testis maturation, in Leydig cells, and rarely in Sertoli cells. CONCLUSION: This strong genetic evidence identifies DHX37 as a player in the complex cascade of male gonadal differentiation and maintenance.
Epigenetic anomalies in childhood growth disorders.$$$ Fetal growth is a complex process involving environmental, epigenetic and genetic factors. Fetal growth restriction is associated with morbidity among small for gestational age (SGA) neonates as well as in children and adults who were former SGA. Imprinted genes (whose expression is restricted to a single parental allele) have a critical role in controlling mammalian fetal growth. The human chromosome 11p15 encompasses two imprinted domains regulated by their own differentially methylated imprinted control region (ICR1 at the H19/IGF2 domain, and ICR2 at the KCNQ1/CDKN1C domain). Loss of imprinting at these two domains is implicated in two clinically opposite growth disorders. Indeed, our group has identified a loss of DNA methylation (LOM) at ICR1 in over 50% of patients with Russell-Silver syndrome (RSS) characterized by intrauterine and postnatal growth retardation with spared cranial growth, dysmorphic features, frequent body asymmetry and severe feeding difficulties. By contrast, gain of methylation at ICR1 is found in 10% of patients with Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome (BWS), an overgrowth syndrome with an enhanced childhood tumor risk. We have now identified over 130 RSS patients with 11p15 LOM. This 11p15 epimutation is a frequent and specific cause of RSS as it has not been identified in non syndromic SGA patients. These new findings in the pathophysiology of RSS allow long-term follow-up studies to be performed based on molecular diagnosis. This will help to define appropriate clinical guidelines regarding growth, rapid bone age advance during puberty and feeding difficulties. Remarkably, we have also recently found that ∼10% of RSS patients and ∼25% of BWS patients showed multilocus LOM at imprinted regions other than ICR1 or ICR2 11p15, respectively. Several clinical studies demonstrated that assisted reproductive technology significantly increased the risk of human imprinting diseases including BWS and RSS, suggesting that the environment may favor imprinting disorders.
Early nutrition and later outcomes in preterm infants.$$$ The developmental origins of health and disease is an emerging area of interest that amalgamates many areas of scientific studies and encompasses a wide range of diverse disciplines from epidemiology to molecular biology. Evidence has accumulated to show that early life experiences, both in utero and in infancy have long-term effects on many body systems. There are now good data to show that suboptimal in utero growth, especially when combined with rapid growth acceleration in early postnatal life may increase the risk of later life metabolic disease. The mechanisms are complex but likely to involve epigenetic marks such as DNA methylation. Preterm infants frequently experience suboptimal nutrient intakes in early postnatal life and exhibit growth failure within the NICU. They also receive products that may not provide either an optimal quantity or quality of nutrients. Follow-up studies have now shown much higher risks for long-term chronic disease in children and adults who were born preterm. There are higher levels of insulin resistance and abnormal partitioning of fat deposition. The onset of puberty seems earlier, average height is less and blood pressure, measures of vascular health and lipid profiles suggest cardiovascular health is likely to differ from healthy term born controls. Despite this, there are no data to suggest an overall benefit of limiting nutrient intake, or restricting growth in preterm infants. There are strong data to show that the preterm brain is exquisitely vulnerable to undernutrition, and that suboptimal nutrient intakes may permanently affect later cognitive attainment. A clinical focus on early nutrient intakes and breast milk provision is key to optimising long-term health outcomes.
Congenital hypogonadotropic hypogonadism with split hand/foot malformation: a clinical entity with a high frequency of FGFR1 mutations.$$$ PURPOSE: Congenital hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (CHH) and split hand/foot malformation (SHFM) are two rare genetic conditions. Here we report a clinical entity comprising the two. METHODS: We identified patients with CHH and SHFM through international collaboration. Probands and available family members underwent phenotyping and screening for FGFR1 mutations. The impact of identified mutations was assessed by sequence- and structure-based predictions and/or functional assays. RESULTS: We identified eight probands with CHH with (n = 3; Kallmann syndrome) or without anosmia (n = 5) and SHFM, seven of whom (88%) harbor FGFR1 mutations. Of these seven, one individual is homozygous for p.V429E and six individuals are heterozygous for p.G348R, p.G485R, p.Q594*, p.E670A, p.V688L, or p.L712P. All mutations were predicted by in silico analysis to cause loss of function. Probands with FGFR1 mutations have severe gonadotropin-releasing hormone deficiency (absent puberty and/or cryptorchidism and/or micropenis). SHFM in both hands and feet was observed only in the patient with the homozygous p.V429E mutation; V429 maps to the fibroblast growth factor receptor substrate 2α binding domain of FGFR1, and functional studies of the p.V429E mutation demonstrated that it decreased recruitment and phosphorylation of fibroblast growth factor receptor substrate 2α to FGFR1, thereby resulting in reduced mitogen-activated protein kinase signaling. CONCLUSION: FGFR1 should be prioritized for genetic testing in patients with CHH and SHFM because the likelihood of a mutation increases from 10% in the general CHH population to 88% in these patients. FAU - Villanueva, Carine
Abstracts from the 3rd International Genomic Medicine Conference (3rd IGMC 2015) : Jeddah, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. 30 November - 3 December 2015.$$$ O1 Regulation of genes by telomere length over long distances Jerry W. Shay O2 The microtubule destabilizer KIF2A regulates the postnatal establishment of neuronal circuits in addition to prenatal cell survival, cell migration, and axon elongation, and its loss leading to malformation of cortical development and severe epilepsy Noriko Homma, Ruyun Zhou, Muhammad Imran Naseer, Adeel G. Chaudhary, Mohammed Al-Qahtani, Nobutaka Hirokawa O3 Integration of metagenomics and metabolomics in gut microbiome research Maryam Goudarzi, Albert J. Fornace Jr. O4 A unique integrated system to discern pathogenesis of central nervous system tumors Saleh Baeesa, Deema Hussain, Mohammed Bangash, Fahad Alghamdi, Hans-Juergen Schulten, Angel Carracedo, Ishaq Khan, Hanadi Qashqari, Nawal Madkhali, Mohamad Saka, Kulvinder S. Saini, Awatif Jamal, Jaudah Al-Maghrabi, Adel Abuzenadah, Adeel Chaudhary, Mohammed Al Qahtani, Ghazi Damanhouri O5 RPL27A is a target of miR-595 and deficiency contributes to ribosomal dysgenesis Heba Alkhatabi O6 Next generation DNA sequencing panels for haemostatic and platelet disorders and for Fanconi anaemia in routine diagnostic service Anne Goodeve, Laura Crookes, Nikolas Niksic, Nicholas Beauchamp O7 Targeted sequencing panels and their utilization in personalized medicine Adel M. Abuzenadah O8 International biobanking in the era of precision medicine Jim Vaught O9 Biobank and biodata for clinical and forensic applications Bruce Budowle, Mourad Assidi, Abdelbaset Buhmeida O10 Tissue microarray technique: a powerful adjunct tool for molecular profiling of solid tumors Jaudah Al-Maghrabi O11 The CEGMR biobanking unit: achievements, challenges and future plans Abdelbaset Buhmeida, Mourad Assidi, Leena Merdad O12 Phylomedicine of tumors Sudhir Kumar, Sayaka Miura, Karen Gomez O13 Clinical implementation of pharmacogenomics for colorectal cancer treatment Angel Carracedo, Mahmood Rasool O14 From association to causality: translation of GWAS findings for genomic medicine Ahmed Rebai O15 E-GRASP: an interactive database and web application for efficient analysis of disease-associated genetic information Sajjad Karim, Hend F Nour Eldin, Heba Abusamra, Elham M Alhathli, Nada Salem, Mohammed H Al-Qahtani, Sudhir Kumar O16 The supercomputer facility “AZIZ” at KAU: utility and future prospects Hossam Faheem O17 New research into the causes of male infertility Ashok Agarwa O18 The Klinefelter syndrome: recent progress in pathophysiology and management Eberhard Nieschlag, Joachim Wistuba, Oliver S. Damm, Mohd A. Beg, Taha A. Abdel-Meguid, Hisham A. Mosli, Osama S. Bajouh, Adel M. Abuzenadah, Mohammed H. Al-Qahtani O19 A new look to reproductive medicine in the era of genomics Serdar Coskun P1 Wnt signalling receptors expression in Saudi breast cancer patients Muhammad Abu-Elmagd, Abdelbaset Buhmeida, Ashraf Dallol, Jaudah Al-Maghrabi, Sahar Hakamy, Wejdan Al-Qahtani, Asia Al-Harbi, Shireen Hussain, Mourad Assidi, Mohammed Al-Qahtani, Adel Abuzenadah P2 Analysis of oxidative stress interactome during spermatogenesis: a systems biology approach to reproduction Burak Ozkosem, Rick DuBois P3 Interleukin-18 gene variants are strongly associated with idiopathic recurrent pregnancy loss. Safia S Messaoudi, Maryam T Dandana, Touhami Mahjoub, Wassim Y Almawi P4 Effect of environmental factors on gene-gene and gene-environment reactions: model and theoretical study applied to environmental interventions using genotype S. Abdalla, M. Nabil Al-Aama P5 Genomics and transcriptomic analysis of imatinib resistance in gastrointestinal stromal tumor Asmaa Elzawahry, Tsuyoshi Takahashi, Sachiyo Mimaki, Eisaku Furukawa, Rie Nakatsuka, Isao Kurosaka, Takahiko Nishigaki, Hiromi Nakamura, Satoshi Serada, Tetsuji Naka, Seiichi Hirota, Tatsuhiro Shibata, Katsuya Tsuchihara, Toshirou Nishida, Mamoru Kato P6 In-Silico analysis of putative HCV epitopes against Pakistani human leukocyte antigen background: an approach towards development of future vaccines for Pakistani population Sajid Mehmood, Naeem Mahmood Ashraf, Awais Asif, Muhammad Bilal, Malik Siddique Mehmood, Aadil Hussain P7 Inhibition of AChE and BuChE with the natural compounds of Bacopa monerri for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease: a bioinformatics approach Qazi Mohammad Sajid Jamal, Mughees Uddin Siddiqui, Mohammad A. Alzohairy, Mohammad A. Al Karaawi P8 Her2 expression in urothelial cell carcinoma of the bladder in Saudi Arabia Taoufik Nedjadi, Jaudah Al-Maghrabi, Mourad Assidi, Heba Al-Khattabi, Adel Al-Ammari, Ahmed Al-Sayyad, Abdelbaset Buhmeida, Mohammed Al-Qahtani P9 Association of angiotensinogen single nucleotide polymorphisms with Preeclampsia in patients from North Africa Hédia Zitouni, Nozha Raguema, Marwa Ben Ali, Wided Malah, Raja Lfalah, Wassim Almawi, Touhami Mahjoub P10 Systems biology analysis reveals relations between normal skin, benign nevi and malignant melanoma Mohammed Elanbari, Andrey Ptitsyn P11 The apoptotic effect of thymoquinone in Jurkat cells Sana Mahjoub, Rabeb El Ghali, Bechir Achour, Nidhal Ben Amor, Mourad Assidi, Brahim N'siri, Hamid Morjani P12 Sonic hedgehog contributes in bladder cancer invasion in Saudi Arabia Taoufik Nedjadi, Adel Al-Ammari, Ahmed Al-Sayyad, Nada Salem, Esam Azhar, Jaudah Al-Maghrabi P13 Association of Interleukin 18 gene promoter polymorphisms - 607A/C and -137 G/C with colorectal cancer onset in a sample of Tunisian population Vera Chayeb, Maryam Dendena, Hedia Zitouni, Khedija Zouari-Limayem, Touhami Mahjoub P14 Pathological expression of interleukin-6, -11, leukemia inhibitory factor and their receptors in tubal gestation with and without tubal cytomegalovirus infection Bassem Refaat, Ahmed M Ashshi, Sarah A Batwa P15 Phenotypic and genetic profiling of avian pathogenic and human diarrhegenic Escherichia coli in Egypt Hazem Ramadan, Amal Awad, Ahmed Ateya P16 Cancer-targeting dual gene virotherapy as a promising therapeutic strategy for treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma Adel Galal Ahmed El-Shemi, Ahmad Ashshi, Mohammed Basalamah, Youjin Na, Chae-Ok YUN P17 Cancer dual gene therapy with oncolytic adenoviruses expressing TRAIL and IL-12 transgenes markedly eradicated human hepatocellular carcinoma both in vitro and in vivo Adel Galal Ahmed El-Shemi, Ahmad Ashshi, Mohammed Basalamah, Youjin Na, Chae-Ok Yun P18 Therapy with paricalcitol attenuates tumor growth and augments tumoricidal and anti-oncogenic effects of 5-fluorouracil on animal model of colon cancer Adel Galal El-Shemi, Bassem Refaat, Osama Kensara, Amr Abdelfattah P19 The effects of Rubus idaeus extract on normal human lymphocytes and cancer cell line Batol Imran Dheeb, Mohammed M. F. Al-Halbosiy, Rghad Kadhim Al lihabi, Basim Mohammed Khashman P20 Etanercept, a TNF-alpha inhibitor, alleviates mechanical hypersensitivity and spontaneous pain in a rat model of chemotherapy-induced neuropathic pain Djouhri, Laiche, Chaudhary Adeel, Nedjadi, Taoufik P21 Sleeping beauty mutagenesis system identified genes and neuronal transcription factor network involved in pediatric solid tumour (medulloblastoma) Hani Al-Afghani, Maria Łastowska, Haya H Al-Balool, Harsh Sheth, Emma Mercer, Jonathan M Coxhead, Chris PF Redfern, Heiko Peters, Alastair D Burt, Mauro Santibanez-Koref, Chris M Bacon, Louis Chesler, Alistair G Rust, David J Adams, Daniel Williamson, Steven C Clifford, Michael S Jackson P22 Involvement of interleukin-1 in vitiligo pathogenesis Mala Singh, Mohmmad Shoab Mansuri, Shahnawaz D. Jadeja, Hima Patel, Yogesh S. Marfatia, Rasheedunnisa Begum P23 Cytogenetics abnormalities in 12,884 referred population for chromosomal analysis and the role of FISH in refining the diagnosis (cytogenetic experience 2004-2013) Amal M Mohamed, Alaa K Kamel, Nivin A Helmy, Sayda A Hammad, Hesham F Kayed, Marwa I Shehab, Assad El Gerzawy, Maha M. Ead, Ola M Ead, Mona Mekkawy, Innas Mazen, Mona El-Ruby P24 Analysis of binding properties of angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 through in silico method S. M. A. Shahid, Qazi Mohammad Sajid Jamal, J. M. Arif, Mohtashim Lohani P25 Relationship of genetics markers cis and trans to the β-S globin gene with fetal hemoglobin expression in Tunisian sickle cell patients Moumni Imen, Chaouch Leila, Ouragini Houyem, Douzi Kais, Chaouachi Dorra Mellouli Fethi, Bejaoui Mohamed, Abbes Salem P26 Analysis of estrogen receptor alpha gene polymorphisms in breast cancer: link to genetic predisposition in Sudanese women Areeg Faggad, Amanuel T Gebreslasie, Hani Y Zaki, Badreldin E Abdalla P27 KCNQI gene polymorphism and its association with CVD and T2DM in the Saudi population Maha S AlShammari, Rhaya Al-Ali, Nader Al-Balawi , Mansour Al-Enazi, Ali Al-Muraikhi, Fadi Busaleh, Ali Al-Sahwan, Francis Borgio, Abdulazeez Sayyed, Amein Al-Ali, Sadananda Acharya P28 Clinical, neuroimaging and cytogenetic study of a patient with microcephaly capillary malformation syndrome Maha S. Zaki, Hala T. El-Bassyouni, Marwa I. Shehab P29 Altered expression of CD200R1 on dendritic cells of patients with inflammatory bowel diseases: in silico investigations and clinical evaluations Mohammed F. Elshal, Kaleemuddin M., Alia M. Aldahlawi, Omar Saadah, J. Philip McCoy P30 Development of real time PCR diagnostic protocol specific for the Saudi Arabian H1N1 viral strains Adel E El-Tarras, Nabil S Awad, Abdulla A Alharthi, Mohamed M M Ibrahim P31 Identification of novel genetic variations affecting Osteoarthritis patients Haneen S Alsehli, Ashraf Dallol, Abdullah M Gari, Mohammed M Abbas, Roaa A Kadam, Mazen M. Gari, Mohmmed H Alkaff, Adel M Abuzenadah, Mamdooh A Gari P32 An integrated database of GWAS SNVs and their evolutionary properties Heba Abusamra, Sajjad Karim, Hend F Nour eldin, Elham M Alhathli, Nada Salem, Sudhir Kumar, Mohammed H Al-Qahtani P33 Familial hypercholesterolemia in Saudi Arabia: prime time for a national registry and genetic analysis Fatima A. Moradi, Omran M. Rashidi, Zuhier A. Awan P34 Comparative genomics and network-based analyses of early hepatocellular carcinoma Ibrahim Hamza Kaya, Olfat Al-Harazi, Dilek Colak P35 A TALEN-based oncolytic viral vector approach to knock out ABCB1 gene mediated chemoresistance in cancer stem cells Nabila A Alkousi, Takis Athanasopoulos P36 Cartilage differentiation and gene expression of synovial fluid mesenchymal stem cells derived from osteoarthritis patients Afnan O Bahmaid, Etimad A Alhwait, Mamdooh A Gari, Haneen S Alsehli, Mohammed M Abbas, Mohammed H Alkaf, Roaa Kadam, Ashraf Dallol, Gauthaman Kalamegam P37 E-GRASP: Adding an evolutionary component to the genome-wide repository of associations (GRASP) resource Hend F Nour Eldin, Sajjad Karim, Heba Abusamra, Elham Alhathli, Nada Salem, Mohammed H Al-Qahtani, Sudhir Kumar P38 Screening of AGL gene mutation in Saudi family with glycogen storage disease Type III Salma N Alsayed, Fawziah H Aljohani, Samaher M Habeeb, Rawan A Almashali, Sulman Basit, Samia M Ahmed P39 High throughput proteomic data suggest modulation of cAMP dependent protein kinase A and mitochondrial function in infertile patients with varicocele Rakesh Sharma, Ashok Agarwal, Damayanthi Durairajanayagam, Luna Samanta, Muhammad Abu-Elmagd, Adel M. Abuzenadah, Edmund S. Sabanegh, Mourad Assidi, Mohammed Al-Qahtani P40 Significant protein profile alterations in men with primary and secondary infertility Ashok Agarwal, Rakesh Sharma, Luna Samanta, Damayanthi Durairajanayagam, Mourad Assidi, Muhammad Abu-Elmagd, Mohammed Al-Qahtani, Adel M. Abuzenadah, Edmund S. Sabanegh P41 Spermatozoa maturation in infertile patients involves compromised expression of heat shock proteins Luna Samanta, Ashok Agarwal, Rakesh Sharma, Zhihong Cui, Mourad Assidi, Adel M. Abuzenadah, Muhammad Abu-Elmagd, Mohammed Al-Qahtani P42 Array comparative genomic hybridization approach to search genomic answers for spontaneous recurrent abortion in Saudi Arabia Alaa A Alboogmi, Nuha A Alansari, Maha M Al-Quaiti, Fai T Ashgan, Afnan Bandah, Hasan S Jamal, Abdullraheem Rozi(,) Zeenat Mirza, Adel M Abuzenadah, Sajjad Karim, Mohammed H Al-Qahtani P43 Global gene expression profiling of Saudi kidney cancer patients Sajjad Karim, Hans-Juergen Schulten, Ahmad J Al Sayyad, Hasan MA Farsi, Jaudah A Al-Maghrabi, Zeenat Mirza, Reem Alotibi, Alaa Al-Ahmadi, Nuha A Alansari, Alaa A Albogmi, Maha M Al-Quaiti, Fai T Ashgan, Afnan Bandah, Mohammed H Al-Qahtani P44 Downregulated StAR gene and male reproductive dysfunction caused by nifedipine and ethosuximide Rasha A Ebiya, Samia M Darwish, Metwally M. Montaser P45 Clustering based gene expression feature selection method: A computational approach to enrich the classifier efficiency of differentially expressed genes Heba Abusamra, Vladimir B. Bajic P46 Prognostic significance of Osteopontin expression profile in colorectal carcinoma Jaudah Al-Maghrabi, Wafaey Gomaa, Mehenaz Hanbazazh, Mahmoud Al-Ahwal, Asia Al-Harbi, Wejdan Al-Qahtani, Saher Hakamy, Ghali Baba, Abdelbaset Buhmeida, Mohammed Al-Qahtani P47 High Glypican-3 expression pattern predicts longer disease-specific survival in colorectal carcinoma Jaudah Al-Maghrabi, Abdullah Al-Harbi, Mahmoud Al-Ahwal, Asia Al-Harbi, Wejdan Al-Qahtani, Sahar Hakamy, Ghalia Baba, Abdelbaset Buhmeida, Mohammed Al-Qahtani P48 An evolutionary re-assessment of GWAS single nucleotide variants implicated in the Cholesterol traits Elham M Alhathli, Sajjad Karim, Nada Salem, Hend Nour Eldin, Heba Abusamra, Sudhir Kumar, Mohammed H Al-Qahtani P49 Derivation and characterization of human Wharton’s jelly stem cells (hWJSCs) in vitro for future therapeutic applications Aisha A Alyamani, Gauthaman Kalamegam, Etimad A Alhwait, Mamdooh A Gari, Mohammed M Abbas, Mohammed H Alkaf, Haneen S Alsehli, Roaa A Kadam, Mohammed Al-Qahtani P50 Attitudes of healthcare students toward biomedical research in the post-genomic era Rawan Gadi, Abdelbaset Buhmeida, Mourad Assidi , Adeel Chaudhary, Leena Merdad P51 Evaluation of the immunomodulatory effects of thymoquinone on human bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells (BM-MSCs) from osteoarthritic patients Saadiah M Alfakeeh, Etimad A Alhwait, Mamdooh A Gari, Mohammed M Abbas, Mohammed H Alkaf, Haneen S Alsehli, Roaa Kadam, Gauthaman Kalamegam P52 Implication of IL-10 and IL-28 polymorphism with successful anti-HCV therapy and viral clearance Rubi Ghazala, Shilu Mathew, M.Haroon Hamed, Mourad Assidi, Mohammed Al-Qahtani, Ishtiaq Qadri P53 Selection of flavonoids against obesity protein (FTO) using in silico and in vitro approaches Shilu Mathew, Lobna Mira, Manal Shaabad, Shireen Hussain, Mourad Assidi, Muhammad Abu-Elmagd, Mohammed Al-Qahtani P54 Computational selection and in vitro validation of flavonoids as new antidepressant agents Shilu Mathew, Manal Shaabad, Lobna Mira, Shireen Hussain, Mourad Assidi, Muhammad Abu-Elmagd, Mohammed Al-Qahtani P55 In Silico prediction and prioritization of aging candidate genes associated with progressive telomere shortening Ahmed Rebai, Mourad Assidi, Abdelbaset Buhmeida, Muhammad Abu-Elmagd, Ashraf Dallol, Jerry W Shay P56 Identification of new cancer testis antigen genes in diverse types of malignant human tumour cells Mikhlid H Almutairi P57 More comprehensive forensic genetic marker analyses for accurate human remains identification using massively parallel sequencing (MPS) Angie Ambers, Jennifer Churchill, Jonathan King, Monika Stoljarova, Harrell Gill-King, Mourad Assidi, Muhammad Abu-Elmagd, Abdelbaset Buhmeida, Muhammad Al-Qatani, Bruce Budowle P58 Flow cytometry approach towards treatment men infertility in Saudi Arabia Muhammad Abu-Elmagd, Farid Ahmed, Ashraf Dallol, Mourad Assidi, Taha Abo Almagd, Sahar Hakamy, Ashok Agarwal, Muhammad Al-Qahtani, Adel Abuzenadah P59 Tissue microarray based validation of CyclinD1 expression in renal cell carcinoma of Saudi kidney patients Sajjad Karim, Hans-Juergen Schulten, Ahmad J Al Sayyad, Hasan MA Farsi, Jaudah A Al-Maghrabi, Abdelbaset Buhmaida, Zeenat Mirza, Reem Alotibi, Alaa Al-Ahmadi, Nuha A Alansari, Alaa A Albogmi, Maha M Al-Quaiti, Fai T Ashgan, Afnan Bandah, Mohammed H Al-Qahtani P60 Assessment of gold nanoparticles in molecular diagnostics and DNA damage studies Rukhsana Satar, Mahmood Rasool, Waseem Ahmad, Nazia Nazam, Mohamad I Lone, Muhammad I Naseer, Mohammad S Jamal, Syed K Zaidi, Peter N Pushparaj, Mohammad A Jafri, Shakeel A Ansari, Mohammed H Alqahtani P61 Surfing the biospecimen management and processing workflow at CEGMR Biobank Hanan Bashier, Abrar Al Qahtani, Shilu Mathew, Amal M. Nour, Heba Alkhatabi, Adel M. Abu Zenadah, Abdelbaset Buhmeida, Mourad Assidi, Muhammed Al Qahtani P62 Autism Spectrum Disorder: knowledge, attitude and awareness in Jeddah, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia Muhammad Faheem, Shilu Mathew, Shiny Mathew, Peter Natesan Pushparaj, Mohammad H. Al-Qahtani P63 Simultaneous genetic screening of the coagulation pathway genes using the Thromboscan targeted sequencing panel Hani A. Alhadrami, Ashraf Dallol, Adel Abuzenadah P64 Genome wide array comparative genomic hybridization analysis in patients with syndromic congenital heart defects Ibtessam R. Hussein, Adeel G. Chaudhary, Rima S Bader, Randa Bassiouni, Maha Alquaiti, Fai Ashgan, Hans Schulten, Mohamed Nabil Alama, Mohammad H. Al Qahtani P65 Toxocogenetic evaluation of 1, 2-Dichloroethane in bone marrow, blood and cells of immune system using conventional, molecular and flowcytometric approaches Mohammad I Lone, Nazia Nizam, Waseem Ahmad, Mohammad A Jafri, Mahmood Rasool, Shakeel A Ansari, Muhammed H Al-Qahtani P66 Molecular cytogenetic diagnosis of sexual development disorders in newborn: A case of ambiguous genitalia Eradah Alshihri, Muhammad Abu-Elmagd, Lina Alharbi, Mourad Assidi, Mohammed Al-Qahtani P67 Identification of disease specific gene expression clusters and pathways in hepatocellular carcinoma using In Silico methodologies Shilu Mathew, Peter Pushparaj Natesan, Muhammed Al Qahtani P68 Human Wharton’s Jelly stem cell conditioned medium inhibits primary ovarian cancer cells in vitro: Identification of probable targets and mechanisms using systems biology Gauthaman Kalamegam, Peter Natesan Pushparaj, Fazal Khan, Roaa Kadam, Farid Ahmed, Mourad Assidi, Khalid Hussain Wali Sait, Nisreen Anfinan, Mohammed Al Qahtani P69 Mutation spectrum of ASPM (Abnormal Spindle-like, Microcephaly-associated) gene in Saudi Arabian population Muhammad I Naseer, Adeel G Chaudhary, Mohammad S Jamal, Shilu Mathew, Lobna S Mira, Peter N Pushparaj, Shakeel A Ansari, Mahmood Rasool, Mohammed H AlQahtani P70 Identification and characterization of novel genes and mutations of primary microcephaly in Saudi Arabian population Muhammad I Naseer, Adeel G Chaudhary, Shilu Mathew, Lobna S Mira, Mohammad S Jamal, Sameera Sogaty, Randa I Bassiouni, Mahmood Rasool, Mohammed H AlQahtani P71 Molecular genetic analysis of hereditary nonpolyposis colorectal cancer (Lynch Syndrome) in Saudi Arabian population Mahmood Rasool, Shakeel A Ansari, Mohammad S Jamal, Peter N Pushparaj, Abdulrahman MS Sibiani, Waseem Ahmad, Abdelbaset Buhmeida, Mohammad A Jafri, Mohiuddin K Warsi, Muhammad I Naseer, Mohammed H Al-Qahtani P72 Function predication of hypothetical proteins from genome database of chlamydia trachomatis Rubi, Kundan Kumar, Ahmad AT Naqvi, Faizan Ahmad, Md I Hassan, Mohammad S Jamal, Mahmood Rasool, Mohammed H AlQahtani P73 Transcription factors as novel molecular targets for skin cancer Ashraf Ali, Jummanah Jarullah, Mahmood Rasool, Abdelbasit Buhmeida, Shahida Khan, Ghufrana Abdussami, Maryam Mahfooz, Mohammad A Kamal, Ghazi A Damanhouri, Mohammad S Jamal P74 An In Silico analysis of Plumbagin binding to apoptosis executioner: Caspase-3 and Caspase-7 Bushra Jarullah, Jummanah Jarullah, Mohammad SS Jarullah, Ashraf Ali, Mahmood Rasool, Mohammad S Jamal P75 Single cell genomics applications for preimplantation genetic screening optimization: Comparative analysis of whole genome amplification technologies Mourad Assidi, Muhammad Abu-Elmagd, Osama Bajouh, Peter Natesan Pushparaj, Mohammed Al-Qahtani, Adel Abuzenadah P76 ZFP36 regulates miRs-34a in anti-IgM triggered immature B cells Mohammad S Jamal, Jummanah Jarullah, Abdulah EA Mathkoor, Hashim MA Alsalmi, Anas MM Oun, Ghazi A Damanhauri, Mahmood Rasool, Mohammed H AlQahtani P77 Identification of a novel mutation in the STAMBP gene in a family with microcephaly-capillary malformation syndrome Muhammad I. Naseer, Mahmood Rasool, Sameera Sogaty, Adeel G. Chudhary, Yousif A. Abutalib, Daniele Merico, Susan Walker, Christian R. Marshall, Mehdi Zarrei, Stephen W. Scherer, Mohammad H. Al-Qahtani P78 Copy number variations in Saudi patients with intellectual disability and epilepsy Muhammad I. Naseer, Muhammad Faheem, Adeel G. Chaudhary, Mahmood Rasool, Gauthaman Kalamegam, Fai Talal Ashgan, Mourad Assidi, Farid Ahmed, Syed Kashif Zaidi, Mohammed M. Jan, Mohammad H. Al-Qahtani P79 Prognostic significance of CD44 expression profile in colorectal carcinoma Maryam Al-Zahrani, Sahira Lary, Sahar Hakamy, Ashraf Dallol, Mahmoud Al-Ahwal, Jaudah Al-Maghrabi, Emmanuel Dermitzakis, Adel Abuzenadah, Abdelbaset Buhmeida, Mohammed Al-Qahtani P80 Association of the endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) gene G894T polymorphism with hypertension risk and complications Abeer A Al-refai, Mona Saleh, Rehab I Yassien, Mahmmoud Kamel, Rabab M Habeb P81 SNPs array to screen genetic variation among diabetic patients Najlaa Filimban, Ashraf Dallol, Nadia Ghannam, Mohammed Al-Qahtani, Adel Mohammed Abuzenadah P82 Detection and genotyping of Helicobacter pylori among gastric cancer patients from Saudi Arabian population Fehmida Bibi, Sana Akhtar, Esam I. Azhar, Muhammad Yasir, Muhammad I. Nasser, Asif A. Jiman-Fatani, Ali Sawan P83 Antimicrobial drug resistance and molecular detection of susceptibility to Fluoroquinolones among clinical isolates of Salmonella species from Jeddah-Saudi Arabia Ruaa A Lahzah, Asho Ali P84 Identification of the toxic and virulence nature of MAP1138c protein of Mycobacterium avium subsp. paratuberculosis Syed A Hassan, Seyed E Hasnain, Iftikhar A Tayubi, Hamza A Abujabal, Alaa O Magrabi P85 In vitro and in silico evaluation of miR137 in human breast cancer Fazal Khan, Gauthaman Kalamegam, Peter Natesan Pushparaj, Adel Abuzenada, Taha Abduallah Kumosani, Elie Barbour, Mohammed Al-Qahtani P86 Auruka gene is over-expressed in Saudi breast cancer Manal Shabaad, Shilu Mathew, Ashraf Dallol, Adnan Merdad, Abdelbaset Buhmeida, Mohammed Al-Qahtani P87 The potential of immunogenomics in personalized healthcare Mourad Assidi, Muhammad Abu-Elmagd, Kalamegam Gauthaman, Mamdooh Gari, Adeel Chaudhary, Adel Abuzenadah, Peter Natesan Pushparaj, Mohammed Al-Qahtani P88 In Silico physiochemical and structural characterization of a putative ORF MAP0591 and its implication in the pathogenesis of Mycobacterium paratuberculosis in ruminants and humans Syed A Hassan, Iftikhar A Tayubi, Hani MA Aljahdali P89 Effects of heat shock on human bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells (BM-MSCs): Implications in regenerative medicine Reham Al Nono, Mamdooh Gari, Haneen Alsehli, Farid Ahmed, Mohammed Abbas, Gauthaman Kalamegam, Mohammed Al-Qahtani P90 In Silico analyses of the molecular targets of Resveratrol unravels its importance in mast cell mediated allergic responses Shilu Mathew, Fazal Khan, Mahmood Rasool, Mohammed Sarwar Jamal, Muhammad Imran Naseer, Zeenat Mirza, Sajjad Karim, Shakeel Ansari, Mourad Assidi, Gauthaman Kalamegam, Mamdooh Gari, Adeel Chaudhary, Adel Abuzenadah, Peter Natesan Pushparaj, Mohammed Al-Qahtani P91 Effects of environmental particulate matter on bone-marrow mesenchymal stem cells Muhammad Abu-Elmagd, Gauthaman Kalamegam, Roaa Kadam, Mansour A Alghamdi, Magdy Shamy, Max Costa, Mamdouh I Khoder, Mourad Assidi, Peter Natesan Pushparaj, Mamdooh Gari, Mohammed Al-Qahtani P92 Distinctive charge clusters in human virus proteomes Najla Kharrat, Sabrine Belmabrouk, Rania Abdelhedi, Riadh Benmarzoug, Mourad Assidi, Mohammed H. Al Qahtani, Ahmed Rebai P93 In vitro experimental model and approach in identification of new biomarkers of inflammatory forms of arthritis Ghazi Dhamanhouri, Peter Natesan Pushparaj, Abdelwahab Noorwali, Mohammad Khalid Alwasiyah, Afnan Bahamaid, Saadiah Alfakeeh, Aisha Alyamani, Haneen Alsehli, Mohammed Abbas, Mamdooh Gari, Ali Mobasheri, Gauthaman Kalamegam, Mohammed Al-Qahtani P94 Molecular docking of GABA(A) receptor subunit γ-2 with novel anti-epileptic compounds Muhammad Faheem, Shilu Mathew, Peter Natesan Pushparaj, Mohammad H. Al-Qahtani P95 Breast cancer knowledge, awareness, and practices among Saudi females residing in Jeddah Shilu Mathew, Muhammad Faheem, Shiny Mathew, Peter Natesan Pushparaj, Mohammad H. Al-Qahtani P96 Anti-inflammatory role of Sesamin by Attenuation of Iba1/TNF-α/ICAM-1/iNOS signaling in Diabetic Retinopathy Mohammad Sarwar Jamal, Syed Kashif Zaidi, Raziuddin Khan, Kanchan Bhatia, Mohammed H. Al-Qahtani, Saif Ahmad P97 Identification of drug lead molecule against vp35 protein of Ebola virus: An In-Silico approach Iftikhar AslamTayubi, Manish Tripathi, Syed Asif Hassan, Rahul Shrivastava P98 An approach to personalized medicine from SNP-calling through disease analysis using whole exome-sequencing of three sub-continental populations Iftikhar A Tayubi, Syed Hassan, Hamza A.S Abujabal P99 Low versus high frequency of Glucose –6 – Phosphate Dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency in urban against tribal population of Gujarat – A signal to natural selection Ishani Shah, Bushra Jarullah, Mohammad S Jamal, Jummanah Jarullah P100 Spontaneous preterm birth and single nucleotide gene polymorphisms: a recent update Ishfaq A Sheikh, Ejaz Ahmad, Mohammad S Jamal, Mohd Rehan, Muhammad Abu-Elmagd, Iftikhar A Tayubi, Samera F AlBasri, Osama S Bajouh, Rola F Turki, Adel M Abuzenadah, Ghazi A Damanhouri, Mohd A Beg, Mohammed Al-Qahtani P101 Prevalence of congenital heart diseases among Down syndrome cases in Saudi Arabia: role of molecular genetics in the pathogenesis Sahar AF Hammoudah, Khalid M AlHarbi, Lama M El-Attar, Ahmed MZ Darwish P102 Combinatorial efficacy of specific pathway inhibitors in breast cancer cells Sara M Ibrahim, Ashraf Dallol(,) Hani Choudhry, Adel Abuzenadah, Jalaludden Awlia, Adeel Chaudhary, Farid Ahmed, Mohammed Al-Qahtani P103 MiR-143 and miR-145 cluster as potential replacement medicine for the treatment of cancer Mohammad A Jafri, Muhammad Abu-Elmagd, Mourad Assidi, Mohammed Al-Qahtani P104 Metagenomic profile of gut microbiota during pregnancy in Saudi population Imran khan, Muhammad Yasir, Esam I. Azhar, Sameera Al-basri, Elie Barbour, Taha Kumosani P105 Exploration of anticancer targets of selected metabolites of Phoenix dactylifera L. using systems biological approaches Fazal Khan, Gauthaman Kalamegam, Peter Natesan Pushparaj, Adel Abuzenada, Taha Abduallah Kumosani, Elie Barbour P106 CD226 and CD40 gene polymorphism in susceptibility to Juvenile rheumatoid arthritis in Egyptian patients Heba M. EL Sayed, Eman A. Hafez P107 Paediatric exome sequencing in autism spectrum disorder ascertained in Saudi families Hans-Juergen Schulten, Aisha Hassan Elaimi, Ibtessam R Hussein, Randa Ibrahim Bassiouni, Mohammad Khalid Alwasiyah, Richard F Wintle, Adeel Chaudhary, Stephen W Scherer, Mohammed Al-Qahtani P108 Crystal structure of the complex formed between Phospholipase A(2) and the central core hydrophobic fragment of Alzheimer’s β- amyloid peptide: a reductionist approach Zeenat Mirza, Vikram Gopalakrishna Pillai, Sajjad Karim, Sujata Sharma, Punit Kaur, Alagiri Srinivasan, Tej P Singh, Mohammed Al-Qahtani P109 Differential expression profiling between meningiomas from female and male patients Reem Alotibi, Alaa Al-Ahmadi, Fatima Al-Adwani, Deema Hussein, Sajjad Karim, Mona Al-Sharif, Awatif Jamal, Fahad Al-Ghamdi, Jaudah Al-Maghrabi, Saleh S Baeesa, Mohammed Bangash, Adeel Chaudhary, Hans-Juergen Schulten, Mohammed Al-Qahtani P110 Neurospheres as models of early brain development and therapeutics Muhammad Faheem, Peter Natesan Pushparaj, Shilu Mathew, Taha Abdullah Kumosani, Gauthaman Kalamegam, Mohammed Al-Qahtani P111 Identification of a recurrent causative missense mutation p.(W577C) at the LDLR exon 12 in familial hypercholesterolemia affected Saudi families Faisal A Al-Allaf, Zainularifeen Abduljaleel, Abdullah Alashwal, Mohiuddin M. Taher, Abdellatif Bouazzaoui, Halah Abalkhail, Faisal A. Ba-Hammam, Mohammad Athar P112 Epithelial ovarian carcinoma (EOC): Systems oncological approach to identify diagnostic, prognostic and therapeutic biomarkers Gauthaman Kalamegam, Peter Natesan Pushparaj, Muhammad Abu-Elmagd, Farid Ahmed Khalid HussainWali Sait, Nisreen Anfinan, Mamdooh Gari, Adeel Chaudhary, Adel Abuzenadah, Mourad Assidi, Mohammed Al-Qahtani P113 Crohn’s disease phenotype in northern Tunisian population Naira Ben Mami, Yosr Z Haffani, Mouna Medhioub, Lamine Hamzaoui, Ameur Cherif, Msadok Azouz P114 Establishment of In Silico approaches to decipher the potential toxicity and mechanism of action of drug candidates and environmental agents Gauthaman Kalamegam, Fazal Khan, Shilu Mathew, Mohammed Imran Nasser, Mahmood Rasool, Farid Ahmed, Peter Natesan Pushparaj, Mohammed Al-Qahtani P115 1q Gain predicts poor prognosis marker for young breast cancer patients Shereen A Turkistany, Lina M Al-harbi, Ashraf Dallol, Jamal Sabir, Adeel Chaudhary, Adel Abuzenadah P116 Disorders of sex chromosomes in a diagnostic genomic medicine unit in Saudi Arabia: Prevalence, diagnosis and future guidelines Basmah Al-Madoudi, Bayan Al-Aslani, Khulud Al-Harbi, Rwan Al-Jahdali, Hanadi Qudaih, Emad Al Hamzy, Mourad Assidi, Mohammed Al Qahtani P117 Combination of WYE354 and Sunitinib demonstrate synergistic inhibition of acute myeloid leukemia in vitro Asad M Ilyas, Youssri Ahmed, Mamdooh Gari, Farid Ahmed, Mohammed Alqahtani P118 Integrated use of evolutionary information in GWAS reveals important SNPs in Asthma Nada Salem, Sajjad Karim, Elham M Alhathli, Heba Abusamra, Hend F Nour Eldin, Mohammed H Al-Qahtani, Sudhir Kumar P119 Assessment of BRAF, IDH1, IDH2, and EGFR mutations in a series of primary brain tumors Fatima Al-Adwani, Deema Hussein, Mona Al-Sharif, Awatif Jamal, Fahad Al-Ghamdi, Jaudah Al-Maghrabi, Saleh S Baeesa, Mohammed Bangash, Adeel Chaudhary, Mohammed Al-Qahtani, Hans-Juergen Schulten P120 Expression profiles distinguish oligodendrogliomas from glioblastoma multiformes with or without oligodendroglioma component Alaa Alamandi, Reem Alotibi, Deema Hussein, Sajjad Karim, Jaudah Al-Maghrabi, Fahad Al-Ghamdi, Awatif Jamal, Saleh S Baeesa, Mohammed Bangash, Adeel Chaudhary, Hans-Juergen Schulten, Mohammed Al-Qahtani P121 Hierarchical clustering in thyroid goiters and hyperplastic lesions Ohoud Subhi, Nadia Bagatian, Sajjad Karim, Adel Al-Johari, Osman Abdel Al-Hamour, Hosam Al-Aradati, Abdulmonem Al-Mutawa, Faisal Al-Mashat, Jaudah Al-Maghrabi, Hans-Juergen Schulten, Mohammad Al-Qahtani P122 Differential expression analysis in thyroiditis and papillary thyroid carcinomas with or without coexisting thyroiditis Nadia Bagatian, Ohoud Subhi, Sajjad Karim, Adel Al-Johari, Osman Abdel Al-Hamour, Abdulmonem Al-Mutawa, Hosam Al-Aradati, Faisal Al-Mashat, Mohammad Al-Qahtani, Hans-Juergen Schulten, Jaudah Al-Maghrabi P123 Metagenomic analysis of waste water microbiome in Sausdi Arabia Muhammad W shah, Muhammad Yasir, Esam I Azhar, Saad Al-Masoodi P124 Molecular characterization of Helicobacter pylori from faecal samples of Tunisian patients with gastric cancer Yosr Z Haffani, Msadok Azouz, Emna Khamla, Chaima Jlassi, Ahmed S. Masmoudi, Ameur Cherif, Lassaad Belbahri P125 Diagnostic application of the oncoscan(©) panel for the identification of hereditary cancer syndrome Shadi Al-Khayyat, Roba Attas, Atlal Abu-Sanad, Mohammed Abuzinadah, Adnan MerdadAshraf Dallol, Adeel Chaudhary, Mohammed Al-Qahtani, Adel Abuzenadah P126 Characterization of clinical and neurocognitive features in a family with a novel OGT gene missense mutation c. 1193G > A/ (p. Ala319Thr) Habib Bouazzi, Carlos Trujillo, Mohammad Khalid Alwasiyah, Mohammed Al-Qahtani P127 Case report: a rare homozygous deletion mutation of TMEM70 gene associated with 3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria and cataract in a Saudi patient Maha Alotaibi, Rami Nassir P128 Isolation and purification of antimicrobial milk proteins Ishfaq A Sheikh, Mohammad A Kamal, Essam H Jiffri, Ghulam M Ashraf, Mohd A Beg P129 Integrated analysis reveals association of ATP8B1 gene with colorectal cancer Mohammad A Aziz, Rizwan Ali, Mahmood Rasool, Mohammad S Jamal, Nusaibah samman, Ghufrana Abdussami, Sathish Periyasamy, Mohiuddin K Warsi, Mohammed Aldress, Majed Al Otaibi, Zeyad Al Yousef, Mohamed Boudjelal, Abdelbasit Buhmeida, Mohammed H Al-Qahtani, Ibrahim AlAbdulkarim P130 Implication of IL-10 and IL-28 polymorphism with successful anti-HCV therapy and viral clearance Rubi Ghazala, Shilu Mathew, M. Haroon Hamed, Mourad Assidi, Mohammed Al-Qahtani, Ishtiaq Qadri P131 Interactions of endocrine disruptor di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) and its metabolite mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP) with progesterone receptor Ishfaq A Sheikh, Muhammad Abu-Elmagd, Rola F Turki, Ghazi A Damanhouri, Mohd A. Beg P132 Association of HCV nucleotide polymorphism in the development of hepatocellular carcinoma Mohd Suhail, Abid Qureshi, Adil Jamal, Peter Natesan Pushparaj, Mohammad Al-Qahtani, Ishtiaq Qadri P133 Gene expression profiling by DNA microarrays in colon cancer treated with chelidonine alkaloid Mahmoud Z El-Readi, Safaa Y Eid, Michael Wink P134 Successful in vitro fertilization after eight failed trials Ahmed M. Isa, Lulu Alnuaim, Johara Almutawa, Basim Abu-Rafae, Saleh Alasiri, Saleh Binsaleh P135 Genetic sensitivity analysis using SCGE, cell cycle and mitochondrial membrane potential in OPs stressed leukocytes in Rattus norvegicus through flow cytometric input Nazia Nazam, Mohamad I Lone, Waseem Ahmad, Shakeel A Ansari, Mohamed H Alqahtani FAU - Shay, Jerry W
Large-scale genomic analyses link reproductive aging to hypothalamic signaling, breast cancer susceptibility and BRCA1-mediated DNA repair.$$$ Menopause timing has a substantial impact on infertility and risk of disease, including breast cancer, but the underlying mechanisms are poorly understood. We report a dual strategy in ∼70,000 women to identify common and low-frequency protein-coding variation associated with age at natural menopause (ANM). We identified 44 regions with common variants, including two regions harboring additional rare missense alleles of large effect. We found enrichment of signals in or near genes involved in delayed puberty, highlighting the first molecular links between the onset and end of reproductive lifespan. Pathway analyses identified major association with DNA damage response (DDR) genes, including the first common coding variant in BRCA1 associated with any complex trait. Mendelian randomization analyses supported a causal effect of later ANM on breast cancer risk (∼6% increase in risk per year; P = 3 × 10(-14)), likely mediated by prolonged sex hormone exposure rather than DDR mechanisms. FAU - Day, Felix R
