Sunitinib: A multitargeted receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor in the era of molecular cancer therapies$$$ Sunitinib is an oral oxindole multitargeted kinase inhibitor that inhibits certain receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs). These include vascular endothelial growth factor receptors (VEGFR type 1 and 2), platelet-derived growth factor receptors (PDGFR-α and PDGFR-β), stem cell factor receptor (KIT), FMS-like tyrosine kinase-3 (FLT3), glial cell-line derived neurotrophic factor receptor (RET) and the receptor of macrophage-colony stimulating factor (CSF1R). Examination of the antitumor effect of sunitinib in a variety of cell lines in vitro suggested an antiproliferative activity that is dependent on the presence of constitutively active RTK targets. The use of sunitinib as first-line therapy in advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC) has improved the overall survival compared with that observed after cytokine therapy, while its administration in patients with gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GISTs) after progression or intolerance to imatinib achieved an objective response of 7. Sunitinib is currently approved for the treatment of GISTs in this setting, and as first-line therapy for the treatment of advanced RCC. The relatively long half-life of sunitinib and its major metabolite allow for a once-daily dosing schedule. An interesting antitumor activity of sunitinib was reported in phase II studies of patients with a variety of malignancies, such as hepatocellular cancer, pancreatic neuroendocrine tumors, and non-small cell lung cancer; results of phase III studies are urgently anticipated. Fatigue is one of the most common adverse effects of sunitinib, as 5070 of patients with advanced RCC and GIST complained of this adverse effect. Other adverse effects are diarrhea, anorexia, nausea and vomiting, oral changes and bleeding events. Most toxicities are reversible and should not result in discontinuation of sunitinib. If necessary, dose adjustments or interruptions should be made. Hypothyroidism has been described in the first 2 weeks of sunitinib therapy and its incidence increases progressively with the duration of therapy. Sunitinib may exert its hypertensive activity through a direct effect on the vasculature, while its most important cardiac adverse effect is left ventricular dysfunction. A variety of skin adverse effects have been described with the use of sunitinib such as hand-foot syndrome, yellow discoloration of the skin, dry skin, subungual splinter hemorrhages, acral erythema, and generalized skin rashes. Administration of sunitinib in the adjuvant and neoadjuvant setting of patients with RCC and of its combination with chemotherapy and other targeted therapies are currently under intense investigation. © 2009 Adis Data Information BV. ER  - 
Incidence of scalp metastases in breast cancer: A retrospective cohort study in women who were offered scalp cooling$$$ Scalp cooling is an intervention used to decrease the degree of chemotherapy-induced alopecia. The objective is to determine the incidence of scalp metastases among women with early breast cancer who received neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy. We conducted a retrospective cohort study of women with breast carcinoma diagnosed between June 1, 1998 and June 30, 2002. The median follow-up was 5.8 years (±1.7) for the scalp cooling group (n = 553) and 5.4 years (±1.7) for the non-scalp cooling group (n = 87). The incidence of scalp metastases was 1.1% (6 cases out of 553 patients) among women who used scalp cooling in the neoadjuvant or adjuvant setting and 1.2% also (1 case out of 87 patients) among women who did not use scalp cooling in the neoadjuvant or adjuvant setting. The incidence of scalp metastases was low and no case presented as an isolated site of relapse. © 2009 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant chemoradiation and pancreaticoduodenectomy for initially locally advanced head pancreatic adenocarcinoma$$$ Background: The most accepted treatment for locally advanced pancreatic adenocarcinoma (LAPA) is chemoradiotherapy (CRT). We sought to determine the benefit of pancreaticoduodenectomy (PD) in patients with LAPA initially treated by neoadjuvant CRT. Methods: From January 1996 to December 2006, 64 patients with LAPA (borderline, n = 49; unresectable, n = 15) received 5-fluorouracil-cisplatin-based CRT. Of the 64 patients, 47 had progressive disease at restaging. Laparotomy was performed for 17 patients, and PD was performed in 9 patients (resected group). Fifty-five patients had CRT followed by gemcitabine-based chemotherapy (unresected group). Results: The median survival and overall 5 years survival duration of all 64 patients were 14 months and 12%, respectively. The mean delay between diagnosis and surgical resection was 5.5 months. Mortality and morbidity from PD were 0% and 33%, respectively. The median survival of the resected group vs. the unresected group was 24 months vs. 13 months. Three specimens presented a major pathological response at histological examination. No involved margins were found and positive lymph nodes were found in one patient. Resected patients developed distant metastases. Conclusions: PD after CRT was safe and resected patients had interesting survival rates. However, resected patients developed metastatic disease and new neoadjuvant regimens are needed to improve the survival of these patients. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Is there still a place for radiotherapy for the treatment of pancreatic cancers ?$$$ About 7 200 new cases of pancreatic adenocarcinoma are diagnosed each year in France. At the time of diagnosis, only 20% of patients have an operable tumor; 30% have local or regional extensions and 50% metastatic dissemination. Median survival of patients after surgical resection ranges from 12 to 20 months, because of the high relapse rate. Currently, the use of radiotherapy is controversial for patients with operable or locally advanced pancreatic cancer. The standard treatment is six months of chemotherapy with FUFOL or gemcitabine. Combining it with radiation therapy as an adjuvant (CRT) may improve the survival of patients with incompletely resected tumors. This must still be demonstrated in a prospective trial. Neoadjuvant CRT is a promising treatment but still under evaluation. There is no standard treatment for patients with locally advanced tumors. A strategy of initial chemotherapy (gemcitabine) followed by CRT for patients with non-progressive tumors is under evaluation in the LAP07randomized trial. © 2009 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Single nucleotide polymorphismin RECQL and survival in resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma$$$ Background: RECQL is a DNA helicase involved in DNA mismatch repair. The RECQL polymorphism, 3′ untranslated region (UTR) A159C, was previously associated with overall survival of patients with resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma treated with neoadjuvant chemoradiation. In the present study, we examined RECQL for somatic mutations and other polymorphisms and compared these findings with the outcome in patients who received adjuvant or neoadjuvant chemoradiation. We hypothesized that RECQL (i) would be mutated in cancer, (ii) would have polymorphisms linked to the 3′UTR A159C and that either or both events would affect function. We also hypothesized that (iii) these changes would be associated with survival in both cohorts of patients. Material and methods: We sequenced RECQL's 15 exons and surrounding sequences in paired blood and tumour DNA of 39 patients. The 3′UTR A159C genotype was determined in blood DNA samples from 176 patients with resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma treated with adjuvant (53) or neoadjuvant (123) chemoradiation. Survival was calculated using the Kaplan-Meier method, with log rank comparisons between groups. The relative impact of genotype on time to overall survival was performed using the Cox proportional hazards model. Results: Somatic mutations were found in UTRs and intronic regions but not in exonic coding regions of the RECQL gene. Two single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs), located in introns 2 and 11, were found to be part of the same haplotype block as the RECQL A159C SNP and showed a similar association with overall survival. No short-term difference in survival between treatment strategies was found. We identified a subgroup of patients responsive to neoadjuvant therapy in which the 159 A allele conferred strikingly improved long-term survival. Discussion: The RECQL 3′UTR A159C SNP is not linked with other functional SNPs within RECQL but may function as a site for regulatory molecules. The mechanism of action needs to be clarified further. © 2009 International Hepato-Pancreato-Biliary Association. ER  - 
Preoperative chemoradiation in potentially resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma: Feasibility, treatment effect evaluation and prognostic factors, analysis of the SFRO-FFCD 9704 trial and literature review$$$ Background: We explored the feasibility and the histologic assessment of treatment effect of preoperative chemoradiation in patients presenting with resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Patients and methods: Treatment consisted of concurrent radiotherapy (50 Gy within 5 weeks) and chemotherapy with 5-fluorouracil (300 mg/m2day, 5 days/week, weeks 1-5) and cisplatin (20 mg/m2/day, days 1-5 and 29-33), followed by surgical resection of the pancreatic tumor in patients without progression. Results: In all, 41 patients were enrolled; 38 (93%) received ≥47 Gy; 30 patients (73%) received ≥75% of the prescribed doses of chemotherapy. Among 40 assessable patients, 27 (67.5%; 95% confidence interval 50.9% to 81.4%) were successfully treated (entire dose of radiation, ≥75% of the chemotherapy dose, no grade 4 non-hematologic toxicity). In all, 26 patients (63%) underwent surgical resection with curative intent and 21 (80.7%) had R0 resection. A total of 13 of 26 specimens (50%) presented a major pathologic response (≥80% of severely degenerative cancer cells), with one complete pathologic response. Operative mortality was 2.8%. The local recurrence and 2-year survival rates were 4% and 32%, respectively, for the 26 operated patients. Conclusions: This proposed preoperative scheme is feasible, does not prevent successful surgery, and provides antitumoral effect associated with major histopathological response in 50% of patients and a high R0 resection rate. © The Author 2009. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the European Society for Medical Oncology. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Surgical resection after TNFerade™ therapy for locally advanced pancreatic cancer$$$ Context: Treatment of pancreatic cancer remains a major oncological challenge and survival is dismal. Most patients, present with advanced disease at diagnosis and are not candidates for curative resection. Preoperative chemoradiation may downstage and improve survival in locally advanced pancreatic cancer. This has prompted investigators to look for novel neoadjuvant therapies. Gene therapy for pancreatic cancer is a novel investigational approach that may have promise. TNFerade™ is a replication deficient adenovirus vector carrying the human tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha gene regulated under control of a radiation-inducible gene promoter. Transfection of tumor cells with TNFerade™ maximizes the antitumor effect of TNF-alpha under influence of radiation leading to synergistic effects in preclinical studies. Case report: We describe a case of locally advanced unresectable pancreatic cancer treated with a novel multimodal approach utilizing gene therapy with TNFerade™ and concurrent chemoradiation that was followed by successful surgical resection. Conclusion: Neoadjuvant TNFerade™ based chemoradiation therapy may be a useful adjunct to treatment of locally advanced pancreatic cancer. ER  - 
Complete resection of hepatoblastoma originating in the caudate lobe: Case report and literature review$$$ Hepatoblastoma originating in the caudate lobe is extremely rare, and resection is technically challenging. The aim of this study was to report our experience of complete resection of hepatoblastoma originating in the caudate lobe and review the literature. A 12-month-old boy was admitted for investigation of an upper abdominal mass. Imaging studies showed an irregularly lobulated 8-cm solid tumor in the left lobe of the liver. Serum α-fetoprotein was 67,700 ng/mL. This tumor was diagnosed as hepatoblastoma (PRETEXT II) and chemotherapy (3 courses of CDDP and ADR) was performed. After chemotherapy, the tumor had shrunk to a resectable size and its origin in the caudate lobe could be determined. Left hepatic lobectomy with en bloc resection of the caudate lobe was performed. Total blood loss was 10 mL, and the operation lasted 9 h. His postoperative course was uneventful. Preoperative chemotherapy facilitated complete resection by left hepatic lobectomy with total excision of the caudate lobe. © 2009 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Curative surgical treatment after preoperative chemotherapy for primarily inoperable locally advanced pancreatic carcinoma: Report of a case$$$ Pancreatic cancer is considered resectable only when there are no distant metastases or infiltration of surrounding organs or arteries. We describe a patient with primarily inoperable locally advanced pancreatic adenocarcinoma who underwent curative surgical treatment after preoperative chemotherapy. A 61-year-old woman was admitted for further evaluation of a pancreatic head mass discovered fortuitously on a health screening. Examination revealed locally advanced pancreatic cancer with infiltration of the superior mesenteric artery. After a partial response was obtained by chemotherapy with gemcitabine (GEM and S-1, we performed pancreaticoduodenectomy. Microscopically, the main tumor was replaced with fibrotic tissue, and there were only a few residual adenocarcinoma cells in the pancreatic head. The radicality of the surgery was R0, according to the TNM classification. Our results suggest that neoadjuvant treatment with GEM/S-1 on a sustainable regimen offers the possibility of a multimodal treatment concept for all patients and a higher radical-resection rate in patients with otherwise unresectable pancreatic cancers. ER  - 
Serum REG4 level is a predictive biomarker for the response to preoperative chemoradiotherapy in patients with pancreatic cancer$$$ OBJECTIVES: Preoperative chemoradiotherapy is one of the key strategies for the improvement of survival in pancreatic cancer; however, no method to predict the response has yet been established. The aim of this study was to prospectively evaluate the predictive value of REG4, a new member of the regenerating (REG) islet-derived family of proteins. METHODS: Stably REG4-expressing cells were established from a pancreatic cancer cell line and exposed in vitro to γ-ray or gemcitabine to investigate the relevance of REG4 to the resistance to chemotherapy or radiotherapy. In 23 patients with resectable pancreatic cancer, the serum concentration of REG4 was measured before preoperative chemoradiotherapy, and the histologic response was evaluated after the surgery. RESULTS: A 3-(4, 5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyl tetrazolium bromide (MTT) assay and fluorescence activated cell scanning (FACS) revealed that REG4-overexpressing cells were resistant to γ-radiation but showed a modest resistance to gemcitabine. The patients with a higher REG4 level, but not carcinoembryonic antigen or CA-19-9, showed an unfavorable histologic response to chemoradiotherapy (Spearman, ρ = 0.439, P = 0.039). The patients showing a higher REG4 level experienced local recurrence postoperatively. CONCLUSIONS: These data demonstrated in vitro and in vivo that REG4 protein overexpression was associated with an unfavorable response to preoperative chemoradiotherapy. REG4 can clinically be used as a predictive biomarker. © 2009 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Diagnosis and treatment of pancreatic vasoactive intestinal peptide endocrine tumors$$$ OBJECTIVE: To discuss our experience in diagnosing and treating pancreatic vasoactive intestinal peptide-secreting tumors (VIPomas) by summarizing clinical information of 4 patients. METHOD: Clinical manifestations, laboratory examination, imaging features, surgical findings, and pathological findings of 4 patients with VIPoma admitted in our hospital from 1991 to the present are discussed. RESULTS: Watery diarrhea and hypokalemia were the main clinical manifestations. Hepatic metastasis occurred in 2 patients. The pancreatic body and tail were the main locations of lesions. Two tumors were shown in the pancreatic body and tail in 1 patient. Two patients with hepatic metastases received a combination therapy of octreotide, surgery, and chemotherapy, which resulted in symptom improvement and normalization of the serum potassium values. Distal pancreatic resection and second resection of hepatic metastatic lesions were performed in 1 patient. Resection of the pancreatic body and tail was done in 1 patient, and pancreatoduodenectomy was performed in another patient. Laparotomy was done in 1 patient because of invasion of the superior mesenteric vein and duodenum. CONCLUSIONS: Typical symptoms play an important role in the diagnosis of VIPoma. Octreotide therapy has advanced the preoperative electrolyte management, and the combination of octreotide, chemotherapy, and surgery may be helpful in metastatic disease. © 2009 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Radiotherapy in England in 2007: Modelled Demand and Audited Activity$$$ Aims: Modelling of demand has indicated substantial underprovision of radiotherapy in England. We have used national audit data to understand the differences between theory and practice. Materials and methods: We used a web-based tool to collect data on all National Health Service patients in England starting a course of radiotherapy in the week commencing 24 September 2007. We also collected information on cancer site, so that patients could be triaged into the 22 categories used by the National Radiotherapy Advisory Group (NRAG). Results: In England, excluding skin cancer other than melanoma, 2114 patients were prescribed 27 420 fractions during that week. Comparison of the audit data with the NRAG model showed that the shortfall in provision was a mixture of a lack of access (67%) and reduced fractionation (33%). The largest contributions to the overall gap were seen in the treatment of cancers of the breast (6%) (modelled at 15 fractions), head and neck (10%), lung (28%) and prostate (14%), together accounting for 58% of the difference. Others (including sarcoma and unknown primary) accounted for 19% of the difference. Limited access to radiotherapy for patients with stomach and pancreatic cancer contributed 10% and reduced fractionation for oesophageal cancer accounted for 6% of the overall gap. Fewer patients than expected were treated for rectal cancer, but they received 25 fraction regimens rather than short-course preoperative treatment. Patients with leukaemia and cancers of the brain, colon, corpus uteri and ovary received radiotherapy more often than expected, but because they are relatively rare none of these had an overall impact exceeding 1.2% of the gap in provision. Conclusions: This audit confirms the underprovision of radiotherapy in England and shows that it is largely accounted for by low access rates of 37% rather than the 50% accepted in the literature. In consequence we estimate that 33 881 patients (13.9%) of the 243 748 patients diagnosed with cancer in England during 2006/2007 did not receive the radiotherapy we would have expected. Some of this gap in provision may be accounted for by differences in stage and performance status, which limit treatment options, for example in lung cancer. The NRAG model should be updated to take account of new data from this and other national audits, to ensure that it describes the stage and performance status of English patients and is sensitive to the range of professional opinion about treatment options. This will be essential for long-term planning as cancer incidence increases over the next decade, but it does not weaken the conclusion that there is a substantial current shortfall to be addressed immediately to improve timely access to treatment and thus the outcomes of therapy. As more resource becomes available, it should be possible to consider changing dose fractionation to comply with evidence-based practice and national guidelines from the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence and other bodies without disadvantaging patients by increasing waiting times. © 2009 The Royal College of Radiologists. ER  - 
Pancreatic metastasis from nephroblastoma: An unusual entity$$$ Context: Pancreatic metastasis from renal cell carcinoma is a well-known entity. When metastatic disease is limited to the pancreas, pancreatic resection is the optimal treatment. A nephroblastoma is a frequent childhood cancer but can also occur in adults. A metastatic nephroblastoma mainly affects the lung and the liver. Pancreatic metastases from a nephroblastoma are very rare. Case report: We report an extremely rare case of pancreatic metastases in a 20-year-old man who had a right nephroblastoma resected at 9 years of age and liver metastases treated by right hepatectomy at 18 years of age. Pancreatic metastasis was revealed by acute pancreatitis. Imaging studies revealed one 2 cm nodule in the pancreatic head with upstream dilatation of the Wirsung duct. Imaging studies revealed no other localization except a 1.5 cm liver nodule. Surgical resection was performed without preoperative chemotherapy because the patient was symptomatic and had already received numerous chemotherapy protocols. The patient underwent pancreaticoduodenectomy and limited liver resection with an uneventful postoperative course. Pathological examination confirmed pancreatic and liver metastases from a nephroblastoma composed of blastematous cells mixed with embryonic tubular structures without lymph node metastases. After resection, the patient received adjuvant high dose chemotherapy with autologous hematopoietic stem-cell support. After a 21-month follow-up, the patient was in good general condition but had liver recurrence without intra-pancreatic recurrence. Conclusion: This is probably the first case of pancreatic metastasis from a nephroblastoma reported in a living patient. A nephroblastoma, like clear cell renal carcinoma, can be considered a possible etiology of pancreatic metastasis from a primary renal tumor. ER  - 
Relationship of postoperative complications from preoperative biliary stents after pancreaticoduodenectomy. A new cohort analysis and meta-analysis of modern studies$$$ Context: Debate still continues as to the effects of preoperative biliary stents on postoperative complications after pancreaticoduodenectomy. Some studies have documented increased wound infection rates, while others have not. The importance of this issue rests on whether these postoperative complications are detrimental enough to not recommend preoperative chemoradiation in the treatment of pancreatic cancer. Objective: This study is in two parts: 1) a retrospective review of patients who underwent pancreaticoduodenectomy at Henry Ford Hospital; and 2) a meta-analysis of published studies on the effects of preoperative biliary stents. Methods: In the retrospective portion, all patients who underwent pancreaticoduodenectomy from January 1st, 1997 through December 31st, 2006 were included in the study. Main outcome measures: Data gathered included gender, age, pathologic diagnosis, use of preoperative biliary stent (either ERCP or PTC), all postoperative complications, and in-hospital mortality. In the meta-analysis portion, all studies published from 1990 with either a randomized or quasi-randomized allocation of patients were included. Endpoints analysis were peri-operative mortality, wound infection rate, intra-abdominal abscess rate, and overall morbidity rate. Results: In the retrospective portion, 181 patients were studied, with 123 (68.0%) of these having preoperative biliary stents. Patients with and without stents had no significant difference in wound infection rate (19.5% vs. 17.2%, respectively), intra-abdominal abscess rate (16.3% vs. 22.4%), any postoperative complication (50.4% vs. 51.7%) and in-hospital death (2.4% vs. 1.7%). Fifteen studies were included in the meta-analysis. There was variation in both the definitions of complications as well as the incidence of all postoperative endpoints among the studies. For peri-operative mortality and wound infection rate, the relative difference favored the no stent group by 0.5% (95% confidence interval: -0.4% to 1.4%) and 5.8% (95% confidence interval: 3.6% to 8.0%), respectively. For intra-abdominal abscess and overall morbidity rate, the relative difference favored the stent group by 2.0% (95% confidence interval: -0.3% to 4.3%) and 0.06% (95% confidence interval -3.8% to 3.9%), respectively. Conclusion: Although the use of a preoperative biliary stent increases the postoperative wound infection rate by about 5%, there is no overwhelming evidence that it either promotes or protects from the other complications. As there was variation in the definitions used in these studies, a more uniformed system of complication reporting is required. ER  - 
Advancements in the management of pancreatic cancer$$$ Management of pancreatic cancer remains the most challenging work in oncology. Though pancreatic cancer represents only 2-3% of all cancers, it is the most fatal one accounting for the 6% of all cancer death. It remains the 4th cause of death by cancer since 1970s in the U.S.. Gemcitabine remains the only standard of care for this disease. More and more combination therapies containing gemcitabine have been tested or undergoing investigation. The interest in treating pancreatic cancer is apparently global. Over 75 abstracts were presented in the 2009 ASCO Gastrointestinal Cancers Symposium at San Francisco in the field of pancreatic cancer. In this highlights article, authors summarize the critical studies in the management of pancreatic cancer. A large retrospective study evaluated the role of post-operative adjuvant radiation (Abstract #181) and correlated the receipt of radiation with survival benefit. Borderline resectable pancreatic cancer remains an area that requires multi-disciplinary approach. Neo-adjuvant therapy very likely plays a role to downstage to a resectable state in these subgroup patients (Abstracts #197 and #248). In advanced or metastatic setting, studies aiming at the gemcitabine-based triplet or doublet combinations are still the mainstream. FFCD 0301 trial (Abstract #180), the only large phase III trial presented in the first-line setting, failed to demonstrate any survival advantage of either 5-FU and leucovorin plus cisplatin followed by gemcitabine or vice versa. Biologic agents containing regimens were also presented. Of note, gemcitabine and oxaliplatin plus bevacizumab achieved a high response rate of 39% (Abstract #182) while gemcitabine with dual monoclonal antibody regimen was disappointing (Abstract #183). The clear benefit of all other combinations over gemcitabine alone remains questionable given most studies are small. Newer agents, especially S-1 (Abstracts #213 and #251), are very promising, and further studies are warranted. In a nut shell, pancreatic cancer continues to pose an enormous challenge to clinicians and cancer scientists. With a more affluent world the global incidence of pancreatic cancer is rising. This meeting again emphasizes us that it is urgent to make big inroads into what still remains the most lethal of the common. ER  - 
Phase II study of neoadjuvant chemotherapy and extended surgery for locally advanced gastric cancer$$$ Background: Locally advanced gastric cancer with extensive lymph node metastasis is usually considered unresectable and so treated by chemotherapy. This trial explored the safety and efficacy of preoperative chemotherapy followed by extended surgery in the management of locally advanced gastric adenocarcinoma. Methods: Patients with gastric cancer with extensive lymph node metastasis received two or three 28-day cycles of induction chemotherapy with irinotecan (70 mg/m2 on days 1 and 15) and cisplatin (80 mg/m 2 on day 1), and then underwent gastrectomy with curative intent with D2 plus para-aortic lymphadenectomy. Primary endpoints were 3-year overall survival and incidence of treatment-related death. Results: The study was terminated because of three treatment-related deaths when 55 patients had been enrolled (mortality rate above 5 per cent). Two deaths were due to myelosuppression and one to postoperative complications. Clinical response and R0 resection rates were 55 and 65 per cent respectively. The pathological response rate was 15 per cent. Median overall survival was 14.6 months and the 3-year survival rate 27 per cent. Conclusion: This multimodal treatment of locally advanced gastric cancer provides reasonable 3-year survival compared with historical data, but at a considerable cost in terms of morbidity and mortality. Copyright © 2009 British Journal of Surgery Society Ltd. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd. ER  - 
Preoperative evaluation of pancreatic cancer: Comparison of gadolinium-enhanced dynamic MRI with MR cholangiopancreatography versus MDCT$$$ Purpose: To determine the accuracy of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) including dynamic imaging using three-dimensional gradient-echo (3D-GRE) sequences and MR cholangiopancreatograpy (MRCP) compared with that of multidetector row CT (MDCT) with regard to resectability in pancreas cancer. Materials and Methods: From February 2004 to July 2008, 54 patients (32 men, 22 women: age range, 28-83 years; mean age, 63.1 years old) with surgically proven pancreatic carcinoma, who had undergone preoperative gadolinium-enhanced 3D-GRE MRI with MRCP and triple-phase MDCT, were included in this retrospective study. Two, clinically experienced attending radiologists independently reviewed the two image sets. These readers evaluated the tumor conspicuity, presence of vascular invasion, choledochal and duodenal invasion, lymph node metastases, distant metastasis, and tumor resectability. The results were compared with the surgical and histopathologic findings using receiver operating characteristic analysis (Az) and kappa statistics. Results: Curative resections were performed on 42 patients. Regarding the tumor conspicuity, MRI had a significantly higher Az value compared with MDCT according to both reviewers (P < 0.05). The accuracy of resectability was Az = 0.753 and 0.768 on MRI and Az = 0.829 and 0.762 on MDCT for each reviewer, and the difference in the accuracy of resectability was not significant between MRI and MDCT for either reviewer (P > 0.05). Two imaging sets showed a similar diagnostic performance in the evaluation of vascular involvement, lymph node metastasis, and distant metastasis. Conclusion: Dynamic 3D-GRE MRI with MRCP shows superior tumor conspicuity and similar diagnostic performance compared with MDCT in evaluating the resectability of pancreatic cancer. © 2009 Wiley-Liss, Inc. ER  - 
Downstaging of Pancreatic Carcinoma after Neoadjuvant Chemoradiation$$$ Background and Purpose: Neoadjuvant chemoradiation could improve survival in patients with pancreatic cancer because of a higher rate of R0 resections, lower rate of nodal metastasis (ypN) and of local recurrence. This approach was tested in a cohort to estimate its effect on survival. Patients and Methods: : Three-dimensional, conformal radiation to the primary tumor (55.8 Gy) and the lymphatics (50.4 Gy) was combined with chemotherapy. Resection was performed 6 weeks after completion of chemoradiation. Results: : 38 of 120 patients with locally advanced cancer underwent tumor resection thereafter. Three patients (8%) had pathologic complete response. Median tumor-specific survival was 29 months and overall survival 25 months. Patients with clear margins (35/38; 89%) had a 3-year disease-specific survival rate of 51% versus 0% with positive margins (p = 0.008). Nodal disease rate decreased from 50% at pretherapeutic imaging to 32% at resection. Patients with ypN0 status (n = 26/38) had a 3-year tumor-specific survival rate of 50% compared to 31% in patients with ypN1 status. At multivariate analysis, resection status and nodal spread significantly predicted tumor-specific survival. Chemoradiation was generally well tolerated. Conclusion: : The current results support randomized testing of neoadjuvant chemoradiation to prove survival prolongation. Compared to the literature this approach seems to reduce the number of positive nodes. © Urban & Vogel. ER  - 
CD74 is a novel prognostic factor for patients with pancreatic cancer receiving multimodal therapy$$$ Background: Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) is still one of the most fatal cancers, although its prognosis has improved recently with the introduction of multimodal therapy. To further develop effective treatment for PDAC, establishment of prognostic indicators for patients receiving multimodal therapy is essential. Methods: Sixty-eight patients receiving curative extended resection combined with preoperative chemoradiation and postoperative chemotherapy for primary PDAC were selected. Immunohistochemistry using anti-CD74 antibody on paraffin-embedded tissue samples was performed, and cases were divided into two groups according to the ratio of CD74-positive cells: expression level I, CD74-positive cells <70%; level II, CD74-positive cells ≥70%. The correlation of CD74 expression level with clinicopathological features and overall survival was evaluated. Results: Forty-seven (69.1%) and 21 (30.9%) patients showed level I and II CD74 expression, respectively. Patients with level II CD74 expression showed a higher rate of lymphatic permeation (P = 0.04) and perineural invasion (P = 0.01) compared with those with level I expression. Patients with level I CD74 expression had a significantly better survival rate than those with level II (P = 0.003). Among the patients with pathological tumor-node-metastasis stages I and II, those with level I CD74 expression showed a significantly better prognosis than those with level II (P = 0.006). Multivariate analysis revealed CD74 expression level and vascular permeation of carcinoma as independent prognostic indicators. Conclusions: CD74 expression proved as a useful prognostic indicator for PDAC treated with multimodal therapy. © 2009 Society of Surgical Oncology. ER  - 
Chemoradiotherapy in Gastrointestinal Malignancies$$$ Over the past 30 years, significant advances have been made in the integration of radiation therapy and chemotherapy in the treatment of patients with localised gastrointestinal malignancies. The therapeutic goal of chemoradiotherapy is to enhance local control resulting in improved survival and outcome of these patients. To define the optimal sequence, agents and efficacy of these modalities, an array of randomised studies have been conducted in malignancies of the oesophagus, stomach, pancreas, colon, rectum and anus. In oesophageal cancer, recent studies from Germany and France indicate that patients treated with 'definitive' chemoradiotherapy have similar survival to patients undergoing neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy followed by surgery. For patients with locally advanced rectal cancer undergoing surgery, a phase III trial from Germany showed higher rates of local control with less acute and late morbidity for patients receiving neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy vs adjuvant chemoradiotherapy. In contrast, the role of chemoradiotherapy in pancreatic cancer patients remains unclear and contentious. This overview highlights current results, controversies and potential future directions in the chemoradiotherapeutic treatment of selected gastrointestinal malignancies. © 2009 The Royal College of Radiologists. ER  - 
Significance of RRM1 and ERCC1 expression in resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma$$$ The identification of molecular markers, useful for therapeutic decisions in pancreatic cancer patients, is crucial for advances in disease management. Gemcitabine, although a cornerstone of current therapy, has limited efficacy. RRM1 is a key molecule for gemcitabine efficacy and is also involved in tumor progression. We determined in situ RRM1 and excision repair cross complementation group 1 (ERCC1) protein levels in 68 pancreatic cancer patients. All had R0 resections without preoperative therapy. Protein levels were determined by automated quantitative analysis (AQUA), a fluorescence-based immunohistochemical method. The relationship between protein expressions and clinical outcomes, including response to gemcitabine at the time of disease recurrence, was determined. Patients with high RRM1 showed significantly better overall survival than patients with low expression (P=0.0196). There was a trend toward better overall survival for patient with high ERCC1 (P=0.0552). When both markers were considered together, patients with both high RRM1 and ERCC1 faired the best in terms of overall and disease-free survival (P=0.0066, P=0.0127). In addition, treatment benefit from gemcitabine in patients with disease recurrence was observed only in patients with low RRM1. The combination of RRM1 and ERCC1 expression is prognostic in pancreatic cancer patients after a complete resection. On disease recurrence, only patients with low RRM1 derive benefit from gemcitabine. © 2009 Macmillan Publishers Limited All rights reserved. ER  - 
Long-term results of concurrent radiotherapy and UFT in patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer$$$ Background: Definition and treatment options for locally advanced non-resectable pancreatic cancer (LAPC) vary. Treatment options range from palliative chemotherapy to chemoradiotherapy (CRT). Several studies have shown that a number of patients become resectable after complementary treatment prior to surgery. Methods: From 2001 to 2005, 63 consecutive patients with unresectable LAPC received CRT. CRT was given at a dose of 50 Gy/27 fractions, combined with UFT (300 mg/m2/day) and folinic acid. Re-evaluation of resectability was planned 4-6 weeks after completion of CRT. Results: Fifty-eight patients completed all 27 treatment fractions. Toxicity was generally mild, with 18 patients experiencing CTCAE grade 3 or worse acute reactions. One patient died following a treatment-related infection. Two patients developed grade 4 upper GI bleeding. Median survival was 10.6 (8-13) months. Eleven patients underwent resection, leading to a resection rate of 17%, and a median survival of 46 (23-nr) months. All 11 patients had a R0 resection. Median survival for the patients not resected was 8.8 (8-12) months. Conclusion: CRT with 50 Gy combined with UFT, is a well-tolerated and effective treatment for patients with LAPC. R0 resection was possible in 17% leading to a long median survival of 46 months in resected patients. © 2009 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Solid pseudopapillary tumor of the pancreas: a case series of 26 consecutive patients$$$ Objective: Solid pseudopapillary tumor (SPT) of the pancreas, which predominantly affects young women, is a relatively indolent entity with favorable prognosis. The aim of this study is to describe the clinicopathologic features and surgical management of this disease in our institution. Methods: A retrospective study of clinical data from 26 consecutive patients with SPT managed in a tertiary academic center between January 2002 and December 2007 was performed. Clinicopathologic factors were compared between benign and malignant cases to determine what features of the tumor could suggest malignant potential. Results: The 26 cases included 22 female and 4 male patients, and the average age was 32.3 years (range 15 to 64). Clinical symptoms were nonspecific and included upper abdominal pain or discomfort, abdominal distention, and back pain. The neoplasm was localized in the pancreatic head/neck in 14 patients and in the body/tail in 12 patients. The median diameter of these lesions was 6.25 cm (range 2 to 15). All of the tumors-including 8 pancreaticoduodenectomies, 10 distal pancreatectomies, 6 local resections, 1 total pancreatectomy, and 1 central pancreatectomy-were resected successfully. No patient received chemotherapy or radiotherapy after surgery. All of the patients except 1 were alive at a median follow-up of 32.5 months (range 3 to 69). One of the 2 patients with malignant SPT, in whom Ki-67 immunoreactivity was >25%, developed local recurrence with liver metastasis 4 months and died 6 months after surgery. There were no significant associations between clinicopathologic factors and malignancy. Conclusions: SPT is a rare neoplasm with low malignant potential. Characteristic computed axial tomography and magnetic resonance imaging scans combined with age and sex profile should be sufficient for the decision to operate. Patients with malignant SPT should have careful follow-up. The high proliferative index assessed by immunohistochemical staining for Ki-67 may predict poor outcome of malignant SPT. Crown Copyright © 2009. ER  - 
Pancreatic cancer: Current and future treatment strategies$$$ Pancreatic cancer is a disease with a high mortality rate and short survival, as a result of the high incidence of metastatic disease at diagnosis, the fulminant clinical course and the lack of successful therapeutic strategies. The administration of chemotherapeutic agents for the treatment of advanced disease has failed and currently, research focuses on the understanding of molecular pathways in order to investigate the role of targeted therapy. Trials on adjuvant and neo-adjuvant therapy of pancreatic cancer are also ongoing. This review presents the recent developments with newer chemotherapeutic and molecular-targeted agents, identifying the efforts for individualized treatment strategies. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The effects of intraoperative electron-beam radiotherapy on the incidence of postoperative complications in patients with unresectable pancreatic cancer$$$ Introduction. Intraoperative electron-beam radiotherapy (IOERT) may improve treatment results in patients with pancreatic cancer. However, due to the potential risk of damage to the tumor surrounding tissues, the key-element of the proposed treatment regimen is its safety evaluation. Aim. The aim of the study was to evaluate the safety of IOERT in patients with locally advanced, unresectable pancreatic cancer. Methods. The analysis of postoperative outcomes in 97 patients with locally advanced, unresectable pancreatic cancer, including 36 patients undergoing IOERT, was performed. Potential risk factors for postoperative morbidity were evaluated with univariate and multivariate analyses. Results. The IOERT significantly prolonged duration of surgery from 165 ±47 to 222 ±55 minutes (P=0.001) and increased the percentage of patients requiring blood transfusions (from 7% to 19%; P=0.053). Postoperative complications were found in 8 of 36 (22%) patients subjected to IOERT and 21 of 61 (34%) undergoing surgery without radiotherapy (P=0.204). Mortality rates were 3% and 8%, respectively. The incidence of surgical (IOERT 11%, no IOERT 20%; P=0.272) andgeneral (IOERT 14%, no IOERT 20%; P=0.469) complications was similar in both groups. The multivariate analysis of potential variables influencing early postoperative outcome identified preoperative endoscopic biliary drainage (Odds Ratio 2.93; 95% CI 1.02-8.41) and enteric or biliary bypass procedure (Odds Ratio 3.84; 95% CI 1.24-11.97) as the only independent risk factors for complications. Conclusions. IOERT does not increase significantly the risk of postoperative complications inpatients with locally advanced, unresectable pancreatic cancer. ER  - 
Is it possible to convert a non (or borderline) resectable pancreatic cancer into a resectable one?$$$ Surgical resection remains the only hope for cure of pancreatic adenocarcinoma. However, 2/3 of the tumors are not resectable at the time of diagnosis due to distant metastatases or tumor extension to the celiac or mesenteric vessels. The current standard for pancreatic cancer staging is the use of multidetector computerized tomography (CT) scans with injection of contrast material. When non-resectability is due to locoregional extension, it is possible to perform preoperative radiotherapy and chemotherapy. This treatment could downstage the tumor and some expert teams may then propose a surgical resection, which becomes possible in 10 to 21% of the cases. However the results of this strategy are difficult to evaluate to due to a lack of clearly established criteria of non-resectability. Staging after radiotherapy is difficult as CT and echoendoscopy are not accurate in that setting. CA19-9 serum levels could help in assessing secondary resectability. Laparoscopy, with complete exploration of the abdomen, dissection of the previously involved vessels and multiple biopsies, remains therefore the only method to evaluate resectability after radiotherapy. ER  - 
Feasibility and efficacy of combination therapy with preoperative full-dose gemcitabine, concurrent three-dimensional conformal radiation, surgery, and postoperative liver perfusion chemotherapy for T3-pancreatic cancer$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate both the feasibility and efficacy of our combined therapy, which consisted of preoperative chemoradiation, surgery, and postoperative liver perfusion chemotherapy (LPC) for patients with T3 (extended beyond the pancreatic confines) cancer of the pancreas. SUMMARY BACKGROUND DATA: Because of the high incidence of local recurrence and liver metastasis, long-term outcomes for patients after resection of T3-pancreatic cancer are extremely poor. METHODS: During the period from 2002 to 2007, 38 patients with T3-pancreatic cancers consented to receive a combination of preoperative chemoradiation, surgery, and postoperative LPC. With the aid of 3D radiation planning, irradiation fields were constructed that included both the primary pancreatic tumor and retropancreatic tissues while taking care to exclude any section of the gastrointestinal tract. The total dose of radiation was 50 Gy (2 Gy × 25 fractions/5 weeks) and was administered in combination with gemcitabine treatments (1000 mg/m/week × 9/3 months). Preoperative restaging via computerized tomography and intraoperative inspection were used to determine if pancreatectomy was indicated. For respected cases, one catheter was placed into the gastroduodenal artery and another one into the superior mesenteric vein. Postoperatively, 5-FU (125 mg/day × 28 days) was infused via each of these 2 routes. RESULTS: Preoperative chemoradiation was completed for all 38 patients, including 3 patients who required gemcitabine-dose reduction. Seven patients (18%) did not undergo surgical resection because either distant metastases or progressive local tumors had been detected after chemoradiation. The remaining 31 patients (82%) underwent pancreatectomy plus postoperative LPC, without postoperative or in-hospital mortality. The 5-year survival rate after pancreatectomy was 53%, with low incidences of both local recurrence (9%) and liver metastasis (7%). Postoperative histopathologic study revealed a marked degenerative change in cancer tissue, showing negative surgical margins (R0) for 30 patients (96%) and negative nodal involvement for 28 patients (90%). CONCLUSION: Results of this trial suggest that a combination of preoperative full-dose gemcitabine, concurrent 3D-conformal radiation, surgery, and postoperative LPC is feasible for the treatment of T3-pancreatic cancer. Using the method described in this article, we were able to effectively reduce the incidence of both local and liver recurrence. Therefore, this type of combination therapy seems promising for improving long-term outcomes for patients with T3-cancers of the pancreas. This study is registered with University hospital Medical information Network clinical trials Registry number, UMIN000001804. © 2009 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Survival outcomes of patients with colorectal liver metastases following hepatic resection or ablation in the era of effective chemotherapy$$$ The outcome of patients with colorectal liver metastases (CLM) undergoing surgical resection in the era of effective chemotherapy is not widely reported. In addition, factors associated with disease-specific survival (DSS) in a contemporary series of patients are not well defined. Clinical, pathologic, and outcome data for 64 patients with CLM treated by a single surgeon in a multidisciplinary setting from February 2002 to October 2007 were examined. Hepatic resection was combined with radiofrequency ablation (RFA) in 23 (36%) cases. Secondary or tertiary resection was undertaken in 12 (19%) patients. Synchronous CLM were noted in 25 (39%) cases. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy was given to 41 (64%) patients. Following hepatic resection, adjuvant chemotherapy was administered in 52 (81%) cases. There was one (2%) operative mortality. One or more complications were noted in 24 (38%) patients. Median length of hospital stay was 7 (2-7) days. Five-year DSS and overall survival were 72% and 69%, respectively. Bilobar disease (p < 0.001), local tumor extension (p = 0.02), response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy (p = 0.005), preoperative portal vein embolization (p = 0.05), number of hepatic lesions (p = 0.03), positive resection margin (p < 0.001), and node-positive primary disease (p = 0.001) were prognostically significant factors on univariate analysis. On multivariate analysis, bilobar disease (p = 0.02) and local tumor extension (p = 0.02) were the only two independent prognostic factors. We conclude that, in patients with CLM, a multidisciplinary approach encompassing an aggressive surgical policy achieves excellent 5-year survival results with acceptable operative morbidity and mortality. Bilobar disease and local extrahepatic extension of cancer appear to be independent prognostic factors for long-term survival. © 2009 Society of Surgical Oncology. ER  - 
Current oncological treatment of patients with pancreatic cancer in Germany: Results from a national survey on behalf of the arbeitsgemeinschaft internistische onkologie and the chirurgische arbeitsgemeinschaft onkologie of the Germany cancer society$$$ Background: No data have previously been available regarding the current treatment of patients with pancreatic cancer (PC) in German hospitals and medical practices. Methods: Between February 2007 and March 2008 we conducted a national survey [on behalf of the Arbeitsgemeinschaft Internistische Onkologie (AIO) and the Chirurgische Arbeitsgemeinschaft Onkologie (CAO)] regarding the current surgical and oncological treatment of PC in Germany. Standardized questionnaires were sent via mailing lists to members of the AIO and CAO (n = 1,130). The data were analyzed using SPSS software (version 16.0). Pre-defined subgroup analysis was performed by grouping the results of each question with regard to the professional site of the responding physician and to the number of patients treated in their institution by year. Results: 181 (16%) of the oncological questionnaires were sent back. For 61% of the participating centers, a histological confirmation of PC diagnosis is obligatory. 21% of physicians offer neoadjuvant therapy to patients with potentially resectable PC. In the adjuvant treatment after curative-intent surgery, gemcitabine (Gem) is regarded as standard of care by 71% after R0 resection and 62% after R1 resection. For patients with locally advanced PC, 52% of the participating centers recommend systemic chemotherapy, 17% prefer combined primary chemoradiotherapy. Most centers (59%) base their decision of combination regimens for metastatic disease on the performance status of their patients. In patients with a good status, 28% apply single-agent Gem, 3% use Gem + capecitabine, 12% Gem + erlotinib, 16% Gem + oxaliplatin, and 8% Gem + cisplatin. Only 28% of the survey doctors offer second-line treatment to the majority of their patients with advanced PC. Conclusion: Not every PC patient in Germany is treated according to the present S3 guidelines. Diagnosis and treatment of PC in Germany still need to be improved. Copyright © 2009 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
A case of pure acinar cell carcinoma of the pancreas suggesting the efficacy of the gemcitabine adjuvant chemotherapy$$$ A 50-year-old man was admitted because of weight loss and aggravation of diabetes mellitus. Contrast-enhanced computed tomography demonstrated a low density tumor measuring 30 mmin diameterin the pancreas head. ERCP showed a smooth stenosis in the main pancreatic duct. EUS-guided biopsy of the tumor was performed, and it was diagnosed as islet cell tumor by the histopathological findings. During two months, the tumor doubled in size. Pancreaticoduodenectomy was performed. The diagnosis of the tumor was pure acinar cell carcinoma on the final histopathology by immunohistochemical staining (IHC) and electoron microscopy. The availability of preoperative diagnosis with IHC is considerable. The tumor markers were not decreased to the normal range in the postoperative course. Probably, this was caused by microscopical tumor persistence, whereas the patient was free of disease for 6 months with gemcitabine adjuvant chemotherapy. ER  - 
Emerging drugs in the treatment of pancreatic cancer$$$ Background: Pancreatic cancer is the fourth leading cause of cancer-related death in the US. However, there is a growing belief that novel biological agents could improve survival of patients with this cancer. Gemcitabine-based chemotherapy remains the cornerstone treatment for advanced pancreatic cancers. So far, the current targeted agents that have been used in combination with gemcitabine have failed to improve clinical outcomes. This failure may stem from the heterogeneous molecular pathogenesis of pancreatic cancers, which involves several oncogenic pathways and defined genetic mutations. Objective: The aims of this review are: i) to define the existing treatments available at present for patients with pancreatic cancers in the neo-adjuvant, adjuvant, locally advanced and metastatic settings; ii) to highlight the molecular heterogeneity of the cancers and the rationale for targeting specific oncogenic pathways; iii) to give an overview of targeted agents that may potentially have an impact in the treatment of pancreatic cancers. Conclusions: Molecular pathogenesis of pancreatic cancer involves several pathways and defined genetic mutations. Targeting these complex molecular pathways with a combination of novel biological and chemotherapeutic agents could potentially improve patient outcome. © 2009 Informa UK Ltd All rights reserved. ER  - 
Small-cell carcinoma in the common bile duct treated with multidisciplinary management$$$ Small-cell carcinoma occasionally occurs in the gastrointestinal tract, with rare reports of it in the biliary system. When it does occur in the biliary system, it is mainly within the gallbladder, and those arising in the extrahepatic bile duct are extremely rare with only seven reported cases to date. A 62-year-old man with this unusual condition is documented. The patient was preoperatively diagnosed as having small-cell carcinoma on the basis of a biopsy specimen and was treated with multidisciplinary management, which consisted of preoperative chemotherapy, a curative resection, adjuvant chemotherapy, and radiation therapy. The patient died 23 months after the initial diagnosis (20 months after surgery). To the best of our knowledge, the survival time of this case was the longest among reported cases, and multidisciplinary management might contribute to a prolonged survival. © Springer 2009. ER  - 
Laparoscopic and robot-assisted one-stage resection of colorectal cancer with synchronous liver metastases: A pilot study$$$ Background/purpose: One-stage resection of primary colon cancer and synchronous liver metastases is considered an effective strategy of cure. A laparoscopic approach may represent a safe and advantageous choice for selected patients with the aim of improving the early outcome. Methods: Between January 2008 and October 2008, 7 patients underwent one-stage laparoscopic resection for primary colorectal cancer combined with laparoscopic or robot-assisted liver resection. Results: A total of five laparoscopic left-colon, one right-colon, and one rectal resections were performed. Three patients underwent preoperative left-colon stenting and two received neoadjuvant chemotherapy. The patient with rectal cancer underwent neoadjuvant radiotherapy. Liver procedures included one bisegmentectomy (segments 2, 3), 3 segmentectomies, 6 metastasectomies, and four laparoscopic ultrasound-guided radiofrequency ablations (LUG-RFAs). One patient with multiple liver metastases was managed by a two-stage hepatectomy partially conducted by a totally laparoscopic approach. The overall postoperative morbidity was null. The median hospital stay was 10 days (range 7-10 days). Conclusions: This pilot study suggests that laparoscopic one-stage colon and liver resection is feasible and safe. Robot assistance may facilitate liver resection, increasing the number of patients who may benefit from a minimally invasive operation. © Springer 2009. ER  - 
Pathologic response to preoperative therapy: Does it mean what we think it means?$$$ Tumors treated with preoperative chemotherapy or radiation often demonstrate evidence of response in the resection specimen. Pathologic response is often interpreted as a surrogate for recurrence or survival outcomes. With a valid surrogate for long-term outcomes, investigators can explore treatment strategies with immediate endpoints. The financial and time costs of trials measuring recurrence and survival may be lessened by using short-term pathologic outcomes as an endpoint. This review is intended to examine the current status of pathologic response as a surrogate for tumor behavior. We address questions regarding the definitions of pathologic response, as well as the current literature regarding the meaning of pathologic response for some common tumor types. We explore some of the potential confounding effects that may explain the frequent discordance between tumor response and patient outcomes. In addition, we address some alternative strategies to gauge the response of a tumor to preoperative therapy. © 2009 Society of Surgical Oncology. ER  - 
The effect of adjuvant and neoadjuvant chemo(radio)therapy on survival in 1,679 resected pancreatic carcinoma cases in Japan: Report of the national survey in the 34th annual meeting of Japanese Society of Pancreatic Surgery$$$ Background: Pancreatic carcinoma causes more than 20,000 deaths every year in Japan. The role of (neo-) adjuvant chemotherapy for pancreatic carcinoma is still controversial. Methods: At the 34th Annual Meeting of the Japanese Society of Pancreatic Surgery in 2007, questionnaires were distributed regarding the use of (neo-) adjuvant chemo(radio)therapy for pancreatic carcinoma between 2001 and 2005. Results: Sixty of the 146 member institutions responded to the questionnaires. There were a total of 1,846 cases of resected pancreatic carcinoma between 2001 and 2005. The study population had a greater proportion of males, and a mean age of 65.3 years (range 34-90 years). The lesion was located in the head of the pancreas in 1,204 cases (71.7%), in the body in 353 cases (21.0%), and in the tail in 111 cases (6.6%). Overall survival rates were 67.3% at 1 year, 36.0% at 2 years, and 23.9% at 3 years, respectively. Adjuvant chemotherapy (usually involving gemcitabine) was used in 66.0% of cases. The use of adjuvant chemotherapy was found to improve the overall survival rate. Interestingly, adjuvant chemotherapy only improved survival in late-stage (UICC stages IIB, III, and IV) but not early stage (IA, IB, and IIA) patients. Survival was treatment duration-dependent, with patients who received more than 12 months of therapy having a 3-year survival rate of 51.2%. Conclusion: This high volume retrospective dataindicated the promising effect of gemcitabine-based adjuvant chemotherapy and the rational duration of adjuvant chemotherapy should be determined in the future prospective studies. © Springer 2009. ER  - 
Pancreatic toxicity during and after neoadjuvant and adjuvant chemotherapy in patients with breast cancer$$$ Introduction: Pancreatic toxicity in patients treated with chemotherapy is usually considered as early toxicity in short time after chemotherapy. Some abnormalities are found during long follow-up after the end of chemotherapy. Objectives: To conduct a retrospective analysis of toxicity of breast cancer patients during chemotherapy Materials and Methods: We retrospectively have analyzed toxicity in 1643 patients treated for HER2-negative breast cancer. All patients received taxan-anthracycline-based chemotherapy regimens (paclitaxel 175 mg/m2 and doxorubicin 50 mg/m2 or docetaxel 75 mg/ m2 and doxorubicin 50 mg/m2), at 21 days intervals, for 4 cycles as neoadjuvant and 4 cycles as adjuvant. Mastectomies made between 4th and 5th cycles Results: The follow-up mean was 1 - 5 years after the end of chemotherapy. All patients had normal metabolic tests before chemotherapy. Acute pancreatitis was found in 9.1% patients during 8 cycles of chemotherapy. 5.2% patients had abdomen pain, metabolic abnormalities and ultrasound signs. Only metabolic abnormalities and ultrasound signs were found in 3.9%. During follow-up chronic pancreatitis was diagnosed in 20.6%. 50% patients with chronic pancreatitis manifested during follow-up period had had acute pancreatitis during neoadjuvant and adjuvant chemotherapy. Conclusion: This results show the need to control metabolic tests, to perform ultrasound scanning of abdomen and to adapt treatment according to the pancreatic function during chemotherapy. ER  - 
Pancreatic toxicity during and after taxananthracycline - based neoadjuvant and adjuvant chemotherapy in patients with breast cancer$$$ Introduction: Gastrointestinal toxicity in patients treated with chemotherapy is considered as early toxicity in short time after chemotherapy. Some gastrointestinal abnormalities are found during long follow-up after the end of chemotherapy. We conducted a retrospective analysis of toxicity of breast cancer patients during neoadjuvant and adjuvant chemotherapy and after chemotherapy. Objectives: To study influence of breast cancer chemotherapy on pancreas. Materials and Methods: We have analyzed toxicity in 1643 patients treated for HER2-negative breast cancer between 1993 and 2003. All patients received taxan-anthracycline-based chemotherapy regimens (paclitaxel 175 mg/m2 and doxorubicin 50 mg/m2 or docetaxel 75 mg/m2 and doxorubicin 50 mg/m2), at 21 days intervals, for 4 cycles as neoadjuvant and 4 cycles as adjuvant. All patients underwent mastectomies between 4th and 5th cycles of chemotherapy. Interval between 4th and 5th cycles was not longer then 8 weeks. Results: The mean age was 51.6 years. The follow-up mean was 1-5 years after the end of chemotherapy. All patients had normal metabolic tests before chemotherapy. Acute pancreatitis was found in 9.1% patients during 8 cycles of chemotherapy. 5.2% patients had abdomen pain, metabolic abnormalities and ultrasound signs. Only metabolic abnormalities and ultrasound signs (subclinical form) were found in 3.9% patients. During follow-up chronic pancreatitis was diagnosed in 20.6% patients. 50% patients with chronic pancreatitis manifested during follow-up period had had acute pancreatitis during neoadjuvant and adjuvant chemotherapy. Conclusion: This results show the need to control metabolic tests, to perform ultrasound scanning of abdomen and to adapt treatment according to the pancreatic function during chemotherapy. ER  - 
Importance and limitations of chemotherapy among the available treatments for gastrointestinal tumours$$$ Gastrointestinal tumours constitute one of the worldwide leading causes of death. One important limitation in the battle against these types of cancer is their lack of sensitivity to currently available chemotherapy and the development of drug resistance during treatment. The mechanisms responsible for this refractivity include a reduction in drug uptake, enhanced drug export, intracellular inactivation of the effective agent, alteration of the molecular target, an increase in the activity of the target route to be inhibited or the appearance or stimulation of alternative routes, enhanced repair of drug-induced modification in the target molecules, and activation/inhibition of intracellular signalling pathways, which leads to a negative balance between apoptosis/survival of tumour cells. A better understanding of these mechanisms is needed in order to develop both accurate tests to predict the lack of response to chemotherapy and novel approaches aimed to overcome the drug resistance of gastrointestinal tumours. The complexity of this issue is further increased owing to the existence of marked differences among the types of primary malignant gastrointestinal tumours and the diversity of tissues from which metastatic cells can access the gut. Moreover, inter-individual variability plus the fact that sensitivity/refractivity may change during the evolution of the tumour further complicate the overall situation. The present article reviews anti-cancer agents used either alone or, more frequently, combined in regimens, as neoadjuvant or postsurgical adjuvant chemotherapy within the context of the available curative and palliative therapeutic options used to treat the most common types of cancer of the gastrointestinal tract and pancreas. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Laparoscopy in the management of peritoneal carcinomatosis$$$ The use of videolaparoscopy in the assessment of peritoneal carcinomatosis extent is now universally accepted. This procedure allows us to define with certainty the origin of the neoplasm, the peritoneal cancer index (PCI), the involvement of the small bowel and its mesentery, the feasibility of surgery and the index of attainable cytoreduction, the evaluation of an eventual multiorgan resection, and finally results in no mortality and very low morbidity. The indications for laparoscopy are as follows: staging of the carcinomatosis already diagnosed with imaging (CT scan and MRI), staging of carcinomatosis of dubious origin (biopsy), restaging after neoadjuvant chemotherapy, restaging during follow-up in the case of dubious imaging, and restaging after adjuvant chemotherapy. Open (Hasson) technique has always been used in the introduction of the first trocar, and the changing position of the surgical bed allows for the evaluation of all the abdominal quadrants, limiting viscerolysis to the essential minimum to avoid iatrogenic lesions. Associating the intraoperative ultrasound has allowed us to reduce understaging of lesions at the depth of the diaphragm, of hepatic metastases and neoplastic masses at the pancreatic tail, and of the omental retrocavity. In all the cases in which diagnostic laparoscopy was followed by peritonectomy, we found a good correlation between open surgery data and the laparoscopic PCI. We excluded patients from peritonectomy if the staging laparoscopy showed a significant involvement of the small bowel or mesentery. We used videolaparoscopy to stage 197 cases of peritoneal carcinomatosis and achieved full laparoscopic PCI assessment in 196 of 197 (99.49%) cases, whereas only 4 of 197 (2.03%) cases were understaged before the routine use of laparoscopic ultrasound. Four complications were observed: 2 cases (1.02%) involved an infection of the trocar insertion site, which was treated with antibiotic therapy, and 2 cases (1.02%) involved diaphragm perforation and intraoperative bleeding, respectively, both resolved with videolaparoscopic technique. Two trocars were sufficient in 184 of 197 cases. There was no mortality and no port site metastasis. More recently, we have used videolaparoscopic surgery in the treatment of neoplastic ascites that did not respond to chemotherapy for palliative purposes, which resulted in the total disappearance of the ascites. It is now possible, in light of acquired experience, to evaluate with precision the indications, the technique, and the limits of the method both in the assessment of the carcinomatosis extent and in its palliation. In 28 cases of neoplastic ascites nonrespondent to chemotherapy, we were able to implement fully laparoscopic hyperthermic chemotherapy for the palliative treatment of the ascites, with total disappearance of it in all cases. The L-hyperthermic intraperineal chemotherapy was carried out at 42°C for 90 minutes with 1.5% dextrose solution as a carrier. The chemotherapy solution was cisplatin and doxorubicin, or mitomycin, depending on the type of primary tumor. The drains were left in place and were removed when profuse drainage ceased. Ascites were controlled in all treated cases. A computed tomography scan performed in follow-up showed a small, clinically undetectable, fluid accumulation in the pelvis of 1 patient. Neither mortality nor morbidity was observed in connection with the procedure. Copyright © 2009 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Pancreatic endocrine tumor EUS-guided FNA DNA microsatellite loss and mortality$$$ Background: The clinical course of pancreatic endocrine tumors (PET) depends on tumor size, the presence of invasion or metastasis, the Ki-67 index, mitoses per high power field, and mutational damage. Most of this information is not available before surgery for clinical decision making or prognostication. Objective: To evaluate PET EUS-guided FNA (EUS-FNA) microsatellite loss analysis in the context of PET-related mortality. Design: A single institution retrospective cohort. Patients: Patients with PET diagnosed by EUS-FNA who underwent DNA microsatellite loss analysis and at least 1 year of follow-up or subsequent death. Intervention: PET microsatellite loss analysis results and current clinical status were compared. Results: Twenty-nine patients were included in the final analysis; the mean age of the patients was 57 years, and 10 were women (35%). The mean follow-up was 33.7 months (median 30 months, range 2-66 months). Twelve patients had disease progression, and 8 died, all from disease-specific causes. Malignant PET contained multiple microsatellite losses, with a median fractional allelic loss (FAL) of 0.37 (range 0.12-0.69, interquartile range [IQR] 0.23-0.42), significantly different from benign PET, median FAL 0 (range 0-0.18, IQR 0-0.08, P < .0001). Survival analysis revealed a significant difference in disease recurrence or progression at 2 years (P < .0001) and in the 5-year survival between patients with FAL ≤0.2 compared with >0.2 (P < .0001). Logistic regression could not be performed because of the perfect association between an FAL >0.2 and disease status or mortality. Limitations: Retrospective design, referral bias, and DNA analysis availability. Conclusions: PET EUS-FNA microsatellite loss analysis provides preoperative prognostic information. An FAL >0.2 is not only associated with disease progression but also with mortality. © 2009 American Society for Gastrointestinal Endoscopy. ER  - 
Adjuvant Chemoradiation Therapy for Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma: Who Really Benefits?$$$ Background: The role of adjuvant chemoradiation therapy (CRT) in pancreatic cancer remains controversial. The primary aim of this study was to determine if CRT improved survival in patients with resected pancreatic cancer in a large, multiinstitutional cohort of patients. Study Design: Patients undergoing resection for pancreatic adenocarcinoma from seven academic medical institutions were included. Exclusion criteria included patients with T4 or M1 disease, R2 resection margin, preoperative therapy, chemotherapy alone, or if adjuvant therapy status was unknown. Results: There were 747 patients included in the initial evaluation. Primary analysis was performed between patients that had surgery alone (n = 374) and those receiving adjuvant CRT (n = 299). Median followup time was 12.2 months and 14.5 months for survivors. Median overall survival for patients receiving adjuvant CRT was significantly longer than for those undergoing operation alone (20.0 months versus 14.5 months, p = 0.001). On subset and multivariate analysis, adjuvant CRT demonstrated a significant survival advantage only among patients who had lymph node (LN)-positive disease (hazard ratio 0.477, 95% CI 0.357 to 0.638) and not for LN-negative patients (hazard ratio 0.810, 95% CI 0.556 to 1.181). Disease-free survival in patients with LN-negative disease who received adjuvant CRT was significantly worse than in patients who had surgery alone (14.5 months versus 18.6 months, p = 0.034). Conclusions: This large multiinstitutional study emphasizes the importance of analyzing subsets of patients with pancreas adenocarcinoma who have LN metastasis. Benefit of adjuvant CRT is seen only in patients with LN-positive disease, regardless of resection margin status. CRT in patients with LN-negative disease may contribute to reduced disease-free survival. © 2009 American College of Surgeons. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant 5 fluorouracil-cisplatin chemoradiation effect on survival in patients with resectable pancreatic head adenocarcinoma: A ten-year single institution experience$$$ Objectives: It is the aim of this study to assess the outcome of patients who received neoadjuvant 5-fluorouracil-cisplatin chemoradiation (CRT) for stage I/III pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Methods: Eligible patients (n = 101) received radiation therapy (45 Gy) associated with continuous infusion of 5-fluorouracil accompanied by a cisplatin bolus. Results: Of the 102 patients enrolled in the study, 26 patients had progression of cancer during treatment and were deemed unresectable; 1 patient died during CRT of septic shock. Sixty-two of 75 remaining patients underwent pancreaticoduodenectomy. The overall median survival of all 102 patients in the study was 17 months, with a 5-year survival of 10%. For patients who underwent resection, the median survival was 23 months. Correspondingly, the median survival was 11 months for the 40 unresected patients (p = 0.002). The 5-year survivals for resected and unresected patients were 18 and 0% (p = 0.01), respectively. A complete pathological response to neoadjuvant CRT was noted for 8 patients (13%). Margin and lymph node positivity was present in 5 (8%) and 15 (24%) patients, respectively. There was documented local recurrence in 8 (13%) and distant recurrence in 36 (58%) patients, with the liver being the most common site. Conclusion: Neoadjuvant 5-fluorouracil-based CRT had a limited impact on survival but appeared to be associated with improved local control. Copyright © 2009 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Preoperative gemcitabine based chemo-radiotherapy in locally advanced non metastatic pancreatic adenocarcinoma$$$ Introduction. Almost 30% of patients with pancreatic cancer have locally advanced tumours in absence of distant metastasis. Surgical resection is often contraindicated. The combination of gemcitabine with concurrent radiation therapy is a promising new approach that is being investigated for treating patients' unresectable pancreatic cancer. This work aims at assessing the efficacy of preoperative gemcitabine based chemo-radiotherapy in increasing the resectability rate for patients' locally advanced pancreatic cancer. Patients and methods. From March 2006 to November 2007, 25 patients with locally advanced non metastatic pancreatic cancer were treated by preoperative gemcitabine based chemo-radiotherapy. The radiation dose was 54 Gray in 30 fractions over 6 weeks prescribed to the isocenter. Gemcitabine (300 mg/m2) was given through a 30 minute intravenous infusion. This was done 30 minutes before the radiation sitting on a weekly basis throughout the radiotherapy course. Approximately 6 weeks after the completion of chemo radiation, an evaluation was performed regarding tumour response and resectability as well as acute toxicity. Pancreaticoduodenectomy was performed for operable patients with surgical reconstruction. Results. Patients who achieved complete resection (CR) numbered 2 (8%), while those achieving partial resection (PR) totalled 11 (44%); six of these patients were considered ro be operable. Thus Pancreaticoduodenectomy was performed on 8 patients (2 with CR and 6 with PR) with surgical reconstruction. Patients who had a stable disease numbered 4 (16%), and those with progressive diseases included a group of eight (32%). The postoperative 30 day mortality occurred only in one patient (12.5%). Acute toxicity of chemoradiation occurred in the form of grade I leucopoenia and thrombocytopenia. Hepatic toxicity, nausea, and vomiting were found in 8 patients (32%), 10 patients (40%) and 4 patients (16%), respectively. The postoperative 30 day mortality occurred only in 1 patient. Also, minor biliary leakage and leakage from gastrointestinal anaestomosis both occurred in a single patient. Out of the 8 patients who underwent radical surgical resection, only one developed local recurrence and simultaneous liver metastasis during the follow up period. The median survival of all patients was 12 months. Conclusion. Preoperative gemcitabine based chemoradiation might benefit patients with locally advanced non metastatic pancreatic cancer by increasing the resectability without significant acute toxicity. ER  - 
Patterns of chemotherapy-induced hepatic injury and their implications for patients undergoing liver resection for colorectal liver metastases$$$ Background and aims: Neoadjuvant chemotherapy is increasingly being used to enlarge the cohort of patients who can be offered hepatic resection for malignancy. However, the impact of these agents on the liver parenchyma itself, and their effects on clinical outcomes following hepatic resection remain unclear. This review identifies patterns of regimen-specific chemotherapy-induced hepatic injury and assesses their impact on outcomes following hepatic resection for colorectal liver metastases (CLM). Methods: An electronic search was performed using the MEDLINE (US Library of Congress) database from 1966 to May 2007 to identify relevant articles related to chemotherapy-induced hepatic injury and subsequent outcome following hepatic resection. Results: The use of the combination of 5-flourouracil and leucovorin is linked to the development of hepatic steatosis, and translates into increased postoperative infection rates. A form of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) related to chemotherapy and otherwise known as chemotherapy-associated steatohepatitis (CASH) is closely linked to irinotecan-based therapy and is associated with inferior outcomes following hepatic surgery mainly due to hepatic insufficiency and poor regeneration. Data on sinusoidal obstruction syndrome (SOS) following treatment with oxaliplatin are less convincing, but there appears to be an increased risk for intra-operative bleeding and decreased hepatic reserve associated with the presence of SOS. Intra-arterial floxuridine therapy damages the extrahepatic biliary tree in addition to causing parenchymal liver damage, and has been shown to be associated with increased morbidity after hepatic resection. Conclusion: Agent-specific patterns of damage are now being recognized with increasing use of neoadjuvant chemotherapy prior to surgery. The potential benefits and risks of these should be considered on an individual patient basis prior to hepatic resection. © Springer 2009. ER  - 
Liver failure after major hepatic resection$$$ Introduction: The consequence of excessive liver resection is the inexorable development of progressive liver failure characterised by the typical stigmata associated with this condition, including worsening coagulopathy, hyperbilirubinaemia and encephalopathy. The focus of this review will be to investigate factors contributing to hepatocyte loss and impaired regeneration. Methods: A literature search was undertaken of Pubmed and related search engines, examining for articles relating to hepatic failure following major hepatectomy. Results: In spite of improvements in adjuvant chemotherapy and increasing surgical confidence and expertise, the parameters determining how much liver can be resected have remained largely unchanged. A number of preoperative, intraoperative and post-operative factors all contribute to the likelihood of liver failure after surgery. Conclusions: Given the magnitude of the surgery, mortality and morbidity rates are extremely good. Careful patient selection and preservation of an obligate volume of remnant liver is essential. Modifiable causes of hepatic failure include avoidance of sepsis, drainage of cholestasis with restoration of enteric bile salts and judicious use of portal triad inflow occlusion intra-operatively. Avoidance of post-operative sepsis is most likely to be achieved by patient selection, meticulous intra-operative technique and post-operative care. Modulation of portal vein pressures post-operatively may further help reduce the risk of liver failure. © Springer 2008. ER  - 
Significant associations of mismatch repair gene polymorphisms with clinical outcome of pancreatic cancer$$$ Purpose DNA mismatch repair (MMR) is critical in maintaining genomic stability and may modulate the cellular response to gemcitabine. We hypothesized that genetic variations in MMR may affect the clinical outcome of patients with pancreatic cancer. Patients and Methods We evaluated 15 single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of eight MMR genes in 154 patients with potentially resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma who were enrolled onto phase II clinical trials for preoperative gemcitabine-based chemoradiotherapy from 1999 to 2006. Associations of genotypes with tumor response to therapy (change of tumor size by radiologic evaluation at restaging), margin-negative tumor resection, and overall survival were evaluated using logistic regression and Cox proportional regression models. Results Five, six, and 10 genotypes were significantly associated with tumor response to preoperative chemoradiotherapy, tumor resectability, and overall survival, respectively, in univariable analysis. TREX1 EX14-460C>T and TP73 Ex2+4G>A genotypes remained as significant predictors for tumor response, MLH1 IVS12-169C>T and TP73 remained as significant predictors for tumor resectability, and EXO1 R354H, TREX1, and TP73 remained as significant predictors for overall survival in multivariable models that included all clinical factors and genotypes examined. A strong combined genotype effect on each clinical end point was observed. For example, 20 of the 25 patients with zero to one adverse genotypes were alive, those with two, three, four, five, and six to seven adverse genotypes had median survival times of 36.2, 23.9, 16.3, 13.0, and 8.3 months, respectively (P <.001). Conclusion SNPs of MMR genes have a potential value as predictors for clinical response to chemoradiotherapy and as prognostic markers for tumor resectability and overall survival of patients with resectable pancreatic cancer. © 2009 by American Society of Clinical Oncology. ER  - 
The current role of neoadjuvant/adjuvant/chemoprevention therapy in partial hepatectomy for hepatocellular carcinoma: A systematic review$$$ Background: Following curative treatment for hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), 50%-90% of postoperative death is due to recurrent disease. Intra-hepatic recurrence is frequently the only site of recurrence. Thus, any neoadjuvant or adjuvant therapy, which can decrease or delay the incidence of intra-hepatic recurrence, or any cancer chemoprevention which can prevent a new HCC from developing in the liver remnant, will improve the results of liver resection. This article systematically reviewed the current evidence of neoadjuvant, adjuvant, and chemoprevention in partial hepatectomy of HCC. Data sources: Studies were identified by searching MEDLINE and PubMed databases for articles from January 1990 to November 2008 using the keywords "hepatocellular carcinoma", "hepatectomy", "adjuvant therapy", "neoadjuvant therapy", and "regional therapy". Additional papers and book chapters were identified by a manual search of the references from the key articles. Results: Neoadjuvant transarterial chemoembolization or adjuvant regional transarterial chemotherapy± embolization+systemic chemotherapy did not add benefit. Both adjuvant transarterial radioembolization with 131I-lipiodol and adjuvant systemic interferon showed promising results. However, there were only a limited number of such studies. Conclusions: Further randomized controlled studies need to be carried out. Currently, there is no consensus on a standard neoadjuvant/ adjuvant/chemoprevention therapy in partial hepatectomy for HCC. © 2009, Hepatobiliary Pancreat Dis Int. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Laparoscopic treatment of pancreatic pseudocysts in children$$$ Background: Pancreatic pseudocysts are problematic sequelae of pancreatitis or pancreatic trauma causing persistent abdominal pain, nausea, and gastric outlet obstruction. Due to the low volume of disease in children, there is scant information in the literature on the operative management of pseudocysts with minimally invasive techniques. We conducted a multi-institutional review to illustrate several technical variations utilized in achieving laparoscopic cystgastrostomy in the pediatric population. Methods: A retrospective review was conducted of all patients who underwent laparoscopic cystgastrostomy in five institutions. Patient data, operative techniques, and postoperative course were analyzed. Results: There were 13 patients with a mean age of 10.4 years and mean weight of 52.1 kg. The etiologies of pancreatitis included: trauma (4), gallstones (3), chemotherapy (2), hereditary (1), and idiopathic (3). Preoperative radiographic measurements of the maximal cyst diameter averaged 11.7 cm. Cystgastrostomy was approached by using transgastric exposure in 5 cases and intragastric ports in 8 cases. An average of four ports were used to complete these operations. Mean operative time was 113 minutes. There were no conversions in this series. Cystgastrostomy was performed by using an endoscopic stapler (average 3.8 loads) in 6 cases, sutures in 6 cases, and 1 was formed solely with the Harmonic Scalpel (Johnson and Johnson). Gastrotomy sites were closed by using a stapler in 4 cases and suture techniques in 9. Mean time to initial and goal feeds was 3 and 4 days, respectively. Postoperative imaging revealed persistent pseudocyst in 1 patient, who was treated with a distal pancreatectomy. Therefore, 92 required no further operative intervention and remained asymptomatic upon recovery from their pancreatitis. Conclusion: A laparoscopic approach to pancreatic cystgastrostomy for chronic pseudocyst proved to be safe and effective in this five-institution survey. Techniques varied, but 92 had complete resolution with minimal morbidity and rapid recovery. Laparoscopic cystgastrostomy should be considered as an appropriate first-line treatment for chronic pseudocysts in children. © 2009 Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. 2009. ER  - 
Clostridium perfringens liver abscess after pancreatic resection$$$ Background: Liver abscess is a rare complication after pancreatectomy. Clostridium perfingens is a rare cause of intrahepatic infections. Case Report: A 65-year-old woman with pancreatic cancer underwent explorative laparotomy, during which encasement of the hepatic artery by the tumor was found. Neoadjuvant radiochemotherapy with capecitabine was started, which caused tumor regression, and duodenopancreatectomy was performed. The portal vein was occluded and infiltrated by cancer and therefore was resected and not reconstructed. After a slow recovery, the patient developed hemorrhage at the gastrojejunal anastomosis, which was controlled by fibrin injection. Within a few days, she presented with signs of sepsis, and blood cultures yielded Clostridium perfringens, Streptococcus oralis, Staphylococcus aureus, and Candida albicans. The source of the sepsis proved to be a 9-cm liver abscess, which was drained; cultures grew C. perfringens, Hafnia alvei, and Enterobacter cloacae. Despite antibiotic treatment, the patient died from sepsis and multiorgan failure 27 days after pancreatic surgery. Conclusion: Such rare infections can follow pancreatic resection with neoadjuvant radiochemotherapy. Clostridium perfringens-associated liver abscess maintains a high mortality rate. © 2009 Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.. ER  - 
Surgical results after preoperative chemoradiation therapy for patients with pancreatic cancer$$$ OBJECTIVES:: The results of surgical therapy alone for pancreatic cancer are disappointing. We explored surgical results after neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy (NACRT) for patients with pancreatic cancer that extended beyond the pancreas. METHODS:: Sixty-eight consecutive patients with pancreatic cancer who underwent pancreatic resection were included. Twenty-seven patients underwent surgical resection after NACRT (NACRT group). The other 41 patients were classified as surgery-alone group. Surgical results were compared in patients who underwent curative resection (R0/1) who were followed up for at least 25 months and underwent no adjuvant therapy. RESULTS:: A lower frequency of lymph node metastasis was observed in the NACRT group (P < 0.05). The frequency of residual tumor grading in the NACRT group was significantly different from that in surgery-alone (R0/1/2%, 52/15/33 vs 22/51/27; P = 0.0040). In R0/1 cases, overall survival and disease-free survival rates in the NACRT group (n = 18) were significantly longer than in surgery-alone (n = 30, P < 0.05). The rate of local recurrence in the NACRT group was significantly less than in surgery-alone (11% vs 47%, P = 0.0024). CONCLUSIONS:: This single-institution experience indicates that NACRT is able to increase the resectability rate with clear margins and to decrease the rate of metastatic lymph nodes, resulting in improved prognosis of curative cases with pancreatic cancer that extended beyond the pancreas. Copyright © 2009 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
The integration of chemoradiation in the care of patient with localized pancreatic cancer$$$ The use of chemoradiation for patients with localized pancreatic cancer is controversial. Although some randomized trials have indicated that chemoradiation improves the median survival of patients with locally advanced as well as resected pancreatic cancer, other more recent trials have called into question the role of chemoradiation and have supported the use of chemotherapy. In the adjuvant setting, the high local tumor recurrence/persistence rate in all trials probably reflects the inclusion of patients with incompletely resected tumors, whose prognosis is similar to the prognosis of patients with locally advanced who do not undergo resection, making these trials difficult to interpret. More precise clinical staging and selection of patients appropriate for surgical resection is an important goal. The keys to the successful integration of radiotherapy in the care of patients with localized pancreatic cancer are selection, sequencing and smaller treatment volumes. A strategy of initial chemotherapy followed by consolidation with a well-tolerated chemoradiation regimen both in the adjuvant and locally advanced settings maximizes benefits of both treatment options, which are in fact complementary. Herein, we discuss the rationale for this approach as well as the ongoing investigation of novel radiation approaches designed to enhance outcome through the molecular and physical targeting of disease as well as the investigation of neoadjuvant chemoradiation in radiographically resectable and borderline resectable pancreatic cancer. © 2008 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Long-term survival after multidisciplinary management of resected pancreatic adenocarcinoma$$$ Introduction: Actual 5-year survival rates of 10-18% have been reported for patients with resected pancreatic adenocarcinoma (PC), but the use of multimodality therapy was uncommon in these series. We evaluated long-term survival and patterns of recurrence in patients treated for PC with contemporary staging and multimodality therapy. Methods: We analyzed 329 consecutive patients with PC evaluated between 1990 and 2002 who underwent resection. Each received a multidisciplinary evaluation and a standard operative approach. Pre- or postoperative chemotherapy and/or chemoradiation were routine. Surgical specimens of 5-year survivors were rereviewed. A multivariate model of factors associated with long-term survival was constructed. Results: Patients underwent pancreaticoduodenectomy (n = 302; 92%), distal (n = 20; 6%), or total pancreatectomy (n = 7; 2%). A total of 108 patients (33%) underwent vascular reconstruction, 301 patients (91%) received neoadjuvant or adjuvant therapy, 157 specimens (48%) were node positive, and margins were microscopically positive in 52 patients (16%). Median overall survival and disease-specific survival was 23.9 and 26.5 months. Eighty-eight patients (27%) survived a minimum of 5 years and had a median overall survival of 11 years. Of these, 21 (24%) experienced recurrence, 7 (8%) after 5 years. Late recurrences occurred most frequently in the lungs, the latest at 6.7 years. Multivariate analysis identified disease-negative lymph nodes (P = .02) and no prior attempt at resection (P = 0.01) as associated with 5-year survival. Conclusions: Our 27% actual 5-year survival rate for patients with resected PC is superior to that previously reported, and it is influenced by our emphasis on detailed staging and patient selection, a standardized operative approach, and routine use of multimodality therapy. ER  - 
Multivisceral transplantation for hepatoblastoma$$$ PURPOSE: Hepatoblastoma (HB) is the most common liver malignancy in children. Although liver transplantation in combination with other organs has been performed in adults with unresectable upper abdominal malignancies, there are no published reports of multivisceral transplantation (MVT) for HB. We report a case of HB requiring MVT to achieve gross tumor resection. METHOD: Case report; patient treated by a multidisciplinary transplant team. RESULTS: A 2-year-old male was diagnosed with stage 3 HB with signifcant vascular invasion extending from the portal vein down the superior mesenteric and splenic veins and into the orifce of the inferior mesenteric vein making him an unsuitable candidate for liver transplantation alone (Fig 1a). He was dependent on parenteral nutrition, likely due to mass effect of the tumor and severe portal hypertension. After 3 cycles of preoperative chemotherapy with cisplatin, vincristine, 5-fuorouracil, and doxorubicin, the patient underwent a MVT, with resection of native stomach, spleen, pancreas, liver, small bowel, and proximal colon. The MV graft consisted of stomach, liver, pancreas, and the entire small bowel. His initial alpha-fetoprotein was 893,915 ng/mL, but fell to 48 ng/mL one month post-transplant. Final pathology confrmed tumor in the mesenteric veins (Fig 1b). CONCLUSION: Patients with HB require complete gross resection to achieve a cure. Liver transplantation is now considered standard therapy for unresectable lesions. This unusual case required MVT to achieve a complete resection due to mesenteric vascular involvement. Additional follow-up will be required to determine the role of MVT in these cases. ER  - 
Management of pancreaticobiliary disease using a new intra-ductal endoscope: The Texas experience$$$ Aim: To evaluate a new single-operator mini-endoscope, Spyglass®, for its performance, feasibility and safety in the management of pancreaticobiliary disease. Methods: In a multicenter retrospective analysis of patients undergoing intraductal endoscopy, we evaluated 128 patients (71 men, mean age 57.6 years). Indications were therapeutic (TX) in 72 (56%) and diagnostic (DX) in 56 (44%). Results: Peroral endoscopy was performed in 121 and percutaneous in seven. TX indications included CBD stones in 41, PD stones in six, and biliary strictures in 25. DX indications included abnormal LFT's in 15, abnormal imaging in 38 and cholangiocarcinoma staging in three. Visualization of the stone(s) was considered good in 31, fair in six, and poor in four. Advancement of the electrohydraulic lithotripsy probe was not possible in three patients and proper targeting of the lesion was partial in four patients. A holmium laser was used successfully in three patients. Ductal clearance was achieved in 37 patients after one procedure and in four patients after two procedures. Diagnosis of biliary strictures was modified in 20/29 and confirmed to be malignant in 10/23. Of the modified patients, no diagnosis was available in 17. Spyglass® demonstrated malignancy in 8/17 and non-malignancy in nine. Suspected pathology by imaging studies and abnormal LFT's was modified in 43/63 (66%). Staging of cholangiocarcinoma demonstrated multicentric cholangiocarcinoma in 2/3. There was no morbidity associated with the use of Spyglass®. Conclusion: Spyglass Spyscope® is a first generation, single operator miniature endoscope that can evaluate and treat various biliary and pancreatic tract diseases. © 2009 The WJG Press and Baishideng. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Effects of neoadjuvant combined chemotherapy and radiation therapy on the CT evaluation respectability and staging in patients with pancreatic head cancer$$$ Purpose: To evaluate the effectof neoaduunvat comhined chemothorayv and radiation therapy (CCRT) on preoperative accuracv of multidetector computed tomography (CT) for resectability and tumor staging in patients with pancreatic head rancor. Materials and Methods: This retrospective study received institutional review board approval and was exempted from informed consent requirements, from May 2002 to March 2007, 38 patients with pancreatic head adenocarcinoma underwent multidetector CT before surgery. Of these. 12 patients received neoadjuvant CCRT. Imaging findings were evaluated for tumor resectability and tumor staging. Surgical and pathologic results were used as the reference standard. The accuracy of resectability and individual components of each T category were compared belween the patients with neoadjuvant CCRT and wiihoui it by using the X2 test or fisher evict test. A P of less than .05 was considered as significant. Results: The accuracy in determining resectability was 83% (10 of12) in patients who had received neoadjuvant CCRT and 81 % (21 of 26) in patients who had not, without significant difference (P> .05). Of 32 patients who underwent pancreaticoduodenectomy, histopathologic tumor staying was reported for T1 [n = 2), T2 (n = I), and T3 (n = 9 lesions in patents with neoadjuvant CCRT (n = 12). and for T3 in all patients without neoadjuvant CCRT (n = 20). T-staging accuracy was 67% (eight of 12) with neoadjuvant CCRT and 95% (19 of 20) without it, with a significant difference (P = .0815). Conclusion: Neoadjuvant CCRT reduces the accuracy of tumor restaging after treatment, of pancreatic head cancer, but this effect is not so great as to affect die determination of resectability. © RSNA, 2009. ER  - 
Curative resection of a primarily unresectable acinar cell carcinoma of the pancreas after chemotherapy$$$ Background: Acinar cell carcinoma (ACC) represents only 1-2% of pancreatic cancers and is a very rare malignancy. At the time of diagnosis only 50% of the tumors appear to be resectable. Reliable data for an effective adjuvant or neoadjuvant treatment are not available. Case presentation: A 65-year old male presented with obstructive jaundice and non-specific upper abdominal pain. MRI-imaging showed a tumor within the head of the pancreas concomitant with Serum-Lipase and CA19-9. During ERCP, a stent was placed. Endosonographic fine needle biopsy confirmed an acinar cell carcinoma. Laparotomy presented an locally advanced tumor with venous infiltration that was consequently deemed unresectable. The patient was treated with five cycles of 5-FU monotherapy with palliative intention. Chemotherapy was well tolerated, and no severe complications were observed. Twelve months later, the patient was in stable condition, and CT-scanning showed an obvious reduction in the size of the tumor. During further operative exploration, a PPPD with resection of the portal vein was performed. Histopathological examination gave evidence of a diffuse necrotic ACC-tumor, all resection margins were found to be negative. Eighteen months later, the patient showed no signs of recurrent disease. Conclusion: ACC responded well to 5-FU monochemotherapy. Therefore, neoadjuvant chemotherapy could be an option to reduce a primarily unresectable ACC to a point where curative resection can be achieved. © 2009 Distler et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Cholecystocolonic fistula: Facts and myths. A review of the 231 published cases$$$ Background: Cholecystocolonic fistula (CCF) is the second most common cholecystoenteric fistula and is often discovered intraoperatively, resulting in a challenging situation for the surgeon, who is forced to switch to a complex procedure, often in old, unfit patients. Management of this uncommon but possible finding is still ill defined. Methods: An extensive review of 160 articles published from 1950 to 2006 concerning 231 cases of CCF was performed. Results: CCF is mostly an affliction of women in their sixth to seventh decades and is rarely diagnosed preoperatively. Chronic diarrhea is the key symptom in nonemergency patients, but, in one-fourth of cases, CCF presents with an acute onset, mostly biliary ileus. In one-fourth of patients, a second hepatobiliary abnormality is present, including gallbladder cancer in 2% of cases. In uncomplicated cases, diverting colostomy is not performed anymore, and laparoscopy treatment has been described in specialized centers. Symptomatic treatment of concomitant biliary ileus (without treating CCF) is a feasible option. Resolution of colonic biliary ileus by interventional endoscopy is reported. Conclusion: CCF should be considered in differential diagnosis of diarrhea, especially in old, female patients. A possible second hepatobiliary abnormality should be always investigated. Extemporaneous frozen section should be performed if gallbladder cancer is suspected. Depending on clinical presentation, different treatments for CCF are indicated, ranging from minimally invasive procedures to extensive resection. © Springer 2008. ER  - 
Adjuvant radiotherapy for resected pancreatic cancer: A lack of benefit or a lack of adequate trials?$$$ Surgical resection is the most effective means of controlling nonmetastatic pancreatic cancer, but recurrence rates are high even after complete resection. For several types of tumor of the gastrointestinal tract, combined modality therapy that includes radiation therapy has been shown to reduce the recurrence rate and improve disease-free survival. The use of adjuvant radiotherapy for pancreatic cancer, however, is controversial. Results of the few randomized trials of adjuvant radiotherapy for pancreatic cancer are conflicting. In addition, as pancreatic cancer is associated with high rates of distant recurrence, the additional benefit provided by local therapy has been perceived as questionable. This article reviews the studies - prospective and retrospective - of adjuvant radiotherapy for pancreatic cancer and the issues surrounding the use of this strategy. ER  - 
Effect of multiple-phase regional intra-arterial infusion chemotherapy on patients with resectable pancreatic head adenocarcinoma$$$ Background: Regional intra-arterial infusion chemotherapy (RIAC) has been more valuable to improve prognosis and quality of life of patients with inoperable pancreatic adenocarcinomas, and adjuvant RIAC plays an important role in prolonging survival and reducing risk of liver metastasis after radical resection of pancreatic cancer, but the effect of preoperative or multiple-phase RIAC (preoperative combined with postoperative RIAC) for resectable pancreatic cancers has not been investigated. In this prospective study, the effect of multiple-phase RIAC for patients with resectable pancreatic head adenocarcinoma was evaluated, and its safety and validity comparing with postoperative RIAC were also assessed. Methods: Patients with resectable pancreatic head cancer were randomly assigned to two groups. Patients in group A (n=50) were treated with new therapeutic mode of extended pancreaticoduodenectomy combined with multiple-phase RIAC, and those in group B (n=50) were treated with extended pancreaticoduodenectomy combined with postoperative RIAC in the same period. The feasibility, compliance and efficiency of the new therapeutic mode were evaluated by tumor size, serum tumor markers, clinical benefit response (CBR), surgical complications, mortality and toxicity of RIAC. The disease-free survival time, median survival time, incidence of liver metastasis, survival rate at 1, 2, 3 and 5 years were also observed. Life curves were generated by the Kaplan-Meier method. Results: The pain relief rate and CBR in group A was 80% and 84% respectively. Serum tumor markers decreased obviously and tumors size decreased in 26% of patients after preoperative RIAC in group A. No more surgical complications, mortality or severe systemic side effects were observed in group A compared with group B. The incidence of liver metastasis in group A was 34% which was lower than 50% in group B. The disease-free survival time and median survival time in group A were 15.5 months and 18 months respectively. The 1-, 2-, 3- and 5-year survival rates were 54.87%, 34.94%, 24.51% and 12.25% respectively. There was no significant difference of survival time or survival rates between two groups. Conclusions: Multiple-phase RIAC is effective in combined therapy of resectable pancreatic head carcinomas by enhancing inhibition of tumor growth and reduction of liver metastasis, without negative effect on patients' safety or surgical procedure. ER  - 
Multidisciplinary Approach to Tumors of the Pancreas and Biliary Tree$$$ Tumors of the pancreas and biliary tree remain formidable challenges to patients and clinicians. These tumors elude early detection, rapidly spread locally and systemically, and frequently recur despite apparently complete resection. Cystic tumors of the pancreas, however, may represent a subset of patients who do not uniformly require aggressive resection, and a thoughtful, evidence-based approach to work-up allows for the rational application of surgical therapy. Increasing evidence supports treating patients who have pancreaticobiliary disease in a multidisciplinary setting. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Second and subsequent recurrences of osteosarcoma: Presentation, treatment, and outcomes of 249 consecutive cooperative osteosarcoma study group patients$$$ Purpose: To evaluate patient and tumor characteristics, treatment, and outcomes in a large cohort of unselected patients with second and subsequent recurrences of osteosarcoma. Patients and Methods: Two hundred forty-nine consecutive patients who had originally received combined-modality therapy on neoadjuvant Cooperative Osteosarcoma Study Group protocols and went on to develop a total of 409 second and subsequent osteosarcoma recurrences were analyzed for patient-, tumor-, and treatment-related factors and outcomes. Results: Five-year overall and event-free survival rates were 16% and 9% for 249 second, 14% and 0% for 93 third, 13% and 6% for 38 fourth, and 18% and 0% for 14 fifth recurrences, respectively. The proportion of recurrences confined to the lungs decreased and the proportion of those with chest wall involvement increased with increasing numbers of recurrences. The duration of relapse-free intervals and the number of lesions at recurrence correlated with outcomes. While only one of 205 patients with rerecurrence survived past 5 years without surgical remission, 5-year overall and event-free survival rates were 32% and 18% for 119 second, 26% and 0% for 45 third, 28% and 13% for 20 fourth, and 53% and 0% for five fifth recurrences, respectively, in which a renewed surgical remission was achieved. The use of chemotherapy correlated with longer survival in patients without surgical remissions. Conclusion: To our knowledge, this is the first report of survival estimates derived from large cohorts of unselected patients with second and subsequent osteosarcoma recurrences. It confirms the overwhelming importance of surgical clearance. Prognostic indicators after rerecurrences resemble those known from first recurrence. The exact role of re-treatment with chemotherapy, particularly in the adjuvant situation, remains to be defined. © 2008 by American Society of Clinical Oncology. ER  - 
Three-dimensional imaging for hepatobiliary and pancreatic diseases: Emphasis on clinical utility$$$ Three-dimensional (3D) imaging allows disease processes and anatomy to be better understood, both by radiologists as well as physicians and surgeons. 3D imaging can be performed with USG, CT scan and MRI, using different modes or rendering that include surface-shaded display, volume-based rendering, multiplanar imaging, etc. All these techniques are used variably depending on the indications. ER  - 
Invasive ductal carcinoma of the pancreas showing exophytic growth$$$ Background: Invasive pancreatic carcinoma generally appears as poorly defined mass reflecting the infiltrative growth. We aimed to identify the histological and immunohistochemical features in a rare case of pancreatic carcinoma showing exophytic growth. Methods: A 67-year-old woman presented with a mass of 5.0 cm in diameter in the pancreatic head. Preoperative computed tomography revealed a well-demarcated, primarily solid mass with a central low-density area. Magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography revealed neither encasement nor dilation of the main pancreatic duct. An incorrect preoperative diagnosis was made of solid pseudopapillary tumor of the pancreas. Elevated serum carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) levels and abnormal FDG positron emmission tomography accumulation suggested that the tumor had malignant potential requiring a pancreatoduodenectomy. Results: The head of the pancreas contained a well-circumscribed encapsulated mass of 5.0 cm in diameter, comprising 50% adenocarcinoma, with mucinous carcinoma in the center and anaplastic carcinoma at the periphery. The anaplastic carcinoma comprised pleomorphic cells (PCs) and pleomorphic giant cells (PGCs). The PGCs phagocytozed mononuclear PCs and lymphocytes adjacent to the capsule without infiltrating the capsule itself. Immunohistochemistry revealed that the anaplastic carcinoma cells including PGCs were positive for the tumor antigen Mucin 1 and CEA but negative for vimentin. Conclusion: Our observations suggest anaplastic carcinoma components in the present tumor have a ductal origin and that the exophytic tumor growth is associated with the phagocytotic activity of PGCs. © 2009 Hepatobiliary Pancreat Dis Int. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Arterial and venous resection for pancreatic adenocarcinoma operative and long-term outcomes$$$ Hypothesis: Aggressive preoperative and intraoperative management may improve the resectability rates and outcomes for locally advanced pancreatic adenocarci-noma with venous involvement. The efficacy and use of venous resection and especially arterial resection in the management of pancreatic adenocarcinoma remain controversial. Design: Retrospective review of patients entered into prospective databases. Setting: Two tertiary referral centers. Patients and Methods: A retrospective review of 2 prospective databases of 593 consecutive pancreatic resections for pancreatic adenocarcinoma from January 1, 1999, through May 1, 2007. Results: Of the 593 patients, 36 (6.1%) underwent vascular resection at the time of pancreatectomy. Thirty-one of the 36 (88%) underwent venous resection alone; 3 (8%), combined arterial and venous resection; and 2 (6%), arterial resection (superior mesenteric artery re section) alone. Patients included 18 men and 18 women, with a median age of 62 (range, 42-82) years. The 90- day perioperative mortality and morbidity rates were 0% and 35%, respectively, compared with 2% and 39%, respectively, for the group undergoing nonvascular pancreatic resection (P=.34). Median survival was 18 (range, 8-42) months in the vascular resection group compared with 19 months in the nonvascular resection group. Mul- tivariate analysis demonstrated node-positive disease, tumor location (other than head), and no adjuvant therapy as adverse prognostic variables. Conclusions: In this combined experience, en bloc vascular resection consisting of venous resection alone, arterial resection alone, or combined vascular resection at the time of pancreatectomy for adenocarcinoma did not adversely affect postoperative mortality, morbidity, or overall survival. The need for vascular resection should not be a contraindication to surgical resection in the selected patient. © 2009 American Medical Association. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Polymorphisms of p16, p27, p73, and MDM2 modulate response and survival of pancreatic cancer patients treated with preoperative chemoradiation$$$ Genetic polymorphisms play an important role in clinical response to cytotoxic therapies. We hypothesized that polymorphisms in cell cycle genes may modulate response to preoperative chemoradiation and survival of pancreatic cancer patients. We evaluated 12 single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of ten cell cycle genes in 88 patients with resectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head who were treated with neoadjuvant concurrent gemcitabine and radiotherapy. Response was assessed by computerized tomography obtained before and 4-6 weeks after preoperative treatment. Time to tumor progression and survival after treatment were measured. Patients underwent pancreaticoduodenectomy (PD) if no disease progression was found at restaging after preoperative therapy. MDM2 T309G and p16 C580T genotype distributions were significantly different in the patients who underwent PD and those who did not (P = 0.025 for MDM2; P = 0.016 for p16). The MDM2 and p27 genotypes had a significant effect on survival times after treatment (log-rank test, P = 0.010 and P = 0.050, respectively). A strong joint effect of these two genes was observed (log-rank test, P = 0.010). The p73 and p16 polymorphic genotypes were significantly associated with shorter time to tumor progression (log-rank test, P = 0.021 and P = 0.039, respectively). A gene-dosage effect on time to tumor progression was observed for polymorphisms in the p73, p16, and MDM2 genes. The hazard ratios for patients with one, two, or three adverse genotypes were 2.13 (1.04-4.36), 3.18 (1.37-7.39), and 10.09 (3.17-32.05), respectively. These findings suggest these polymorphisms in the cell cycle genes are promising prognostic markers for patients with pancreatic cancer. © 2008 Society of Surgical Oncology. ER  - 
Computed tomography of pancreatic tumors$$$ Computed tomography (CT) and in particular multi-detector row computed tomography (MDCT), also known as multislice CT (MSCT), is ideally suited for detecting pancreatic tumors because of the high spatial resolution. The method of choice is hydro-CT which involves distension of the stomach and duodenum by administration of 1-1.5 l water as a negative contrast medium under medically induced hypotension by administration of buscopan. The patient is laid on the right side at an angle of 30-45° in order to obtain an artefact-free image of the close anatomical relationship around the pancreas head. In addition, curved MPRs or in rare cases 3D reconstructions could be very helpful in identifying the critical anatomic tumor site in the neighbourhood of the visceral vessel system. After the correct diagnosis of an adenocarcinoma has been made only 20% of all patients are shown to have a surgically resectable disease, but the overall survival rate is significantly higher after resection in combination with a multimodal tumor therapy strategy. The reason is that the correct diagnosis of the resectability of the tumor is one of the main criteria for overall survival of these patients. Currently practically all pancreatic tumors can be detected using MDCT and the detection rate varies between 70% and 100% (most recent literature references give a sensitivity of 89% and specificity up to 99%). In some rare cases the differentiation between focal necrotizing pancreatitis and pancreatic carcinoma can be difficult even with sophisticated protocols. Resectability can be correctly diagnosed with MDCT with a sensitivity of 94% and a specificity of 89%. MDCT is an ideal tool for the detection of neuroendocrine tumors, metastases and for the differentiation of cystic pancreatic lesions such as pseudocysts, microcystic adenomas or intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasms (IPMN). Particularly, the differentiation of the latter into benign, borderline or malignant transformation is not always possible, but indirect signs, such as small nodules adjacent to the ductal wall, the diameter of the pancreatic duct, or a direct communication between cystic lesions and duct can be detected because of the high spatial resolution and is comparable to the findings in MRI. Moreover MD-CT is an ideal procedure for the differentiation of local tumor stages in patients under neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy. © 2009 Springer Medizin Verlag. ER  - 
The role of radiation therapy in treatment of pancreatic cancer from the viewpoint of radio-oncologists$$$ Despite great efforts in the field of preclinical and clinical research, pancreatic cancer is still one of the most devastating cancer diagnoses and nearly always results in death. With neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy higher R0 resection rates can be achieved in pancreatic cancer and may even lead to a secondary resection in primarily inoperable tumors. Patients who experience a disease progression due to aggressive tumor biology can be spared the unnecessary morbidity of resection by neoadjuvant therapy. Even in the adjuvant situation the rates of local relapse can be significantly reduced by combined chemoradiotherapy. Through progress in radiation techniques the toxicity of combined chemoradiotherapy could be lowered. If symptoms of the metastasized disease are caused by localized solitary or more widespread tumor manifestation, chemoradiotherapy should be considered for a rapid symptom relief. The adjunct of various biologicals to chemoradiotherapy is a promising new way to improve the prognosis of pancreatic cancer. Results from initial trials to clarify this concept are expected soon. Despite all progress in radiation techniques and in systemic therapy of pancreatic cancer, psychooncological care and good nutrition is of especially high importance in the care of this group of patients. © 2009 Springer Medizin Verlag. ER  - 
The role of radiation therapy in pancreas cancer$$$ The role of radiation therapy in pancreatic cancer continues to be investigated. Its use in the adjuvant setting remains controversial. Its use is more generally accepted in borderline resectable disease, but prospective data are sparse. Randomized trials have yielded conflicting data in locally advanced disease. Radiation techniques have improved over time, such that findings in older trials are not necessarily applicable in modern practice. This article reviews the role of radiation in resectable, borderline resectable, and unresectable pancreatic cancer. © 2009 by International Society of Gastrointestinal Oncology. ER  - 
Downsizing to resectabilty of a large solid and cystic papillary tumor of the pancreas by single-agent chemotherapy$$$ Solid and cystic pseudopapillary tumor (SCPT) is an uncommon cancer that typically affects young women. Most patients with SCPT have a favorable prognosis provided a complete resection is attained. There are anecdotal reports of the use of neoadjuvant chemotherapy or radiation therapy for patients with unresectable tumors. We report the case of a 14-year-old female with SCPT who was successfully downsized with gemcitabine before definitive surgical resection. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The expression pattern of PDX-1, SHH, patched and Gli-1 Is associated with pathological and clinical features in human pancreatic cancer$$$ Background and Aims: Pancreatic cancer cells have been shown to possess stem-cell-like properties, especially by reactivating embryonic transcription factors involved in tissue differentiation. We therefore investigated if and to what extent developmental genes of the human pancreas are expressed in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinomas and precursor lesions, pancreatic intraepithelial neoplasia (PanIN), and if this correlates or predicts response to treatment and overall survival. Material and Methods: Invasive ductal adenocarcinomas of the pancreas [UICC pT3pN0 (n = 13) vs. pT3pN1 (n = 25)] and tumors after neoadjuvant chemotherapy [5-fluorouracil (FU)/folic-acid and gemcitabine; UICC ypN0 (n = 7) vs. ypN1 (n = 6)] resected between 1997 and 2003 were characterized histochemically and immunohistochemically [pancreas duodenum homeobox 1 (PDX-1), Sonic hedgehog protein (SHH), Patched (Ptc) and Gli-1]. Gene distribution was compared with morphological patterns of the pancreatic carcinoma and PanIN as well as with peritumorous reactions of normal pancreas. Results: The overall expression of PDX-1, SHH, Ptc and Gli-1 was low, but showed a distinctive and topographic linkage inside pancreatic carcinomas as well as inside PanINs. Additionally, a topographic and significant association of these markers with nodal status (PDX-1, Ptc, Gli-1), tumor size (PDX-1, Gli-1) and R status (PDX-1) was found. After stratification with the strongest outcome predictor, grading, survival analysis revealed that Ptc expression in grade 2 and PDX-1 expression in grade 3 carcinomas are independent survival factors. Conclusions: Markers of pancreas development are reexpressed in invasive ductal adenocarcinomas and their expression is essentially associated with general clinical and pathological features such as survival or nodal status. © 2008 S. Karger AG, Basel and IAP. ER  - 
Aggressive surgical resection after neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy for locally advanced intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma$$$ The poor prognosis of patients with intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma (ICC) or hilar cholangiocarcinoma is well known. Herein, we described the first reported case of severe locally advanced ICC in which radical surgery was successfully achieved based on the marked effect of neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy (NCRT) using gemcitabine. A 54-year-old man was admitted to our institution with obstructive jaundice. Abdominal computed tomography (CT) showed a large low-density mass in the caudate lobe, extensively involving the inferior vena cava and main portal vein. Moreover, nodal involvements of the hepatoduodenal ligament were detected concurrently. We therefore regarded this tumor as a severe locally advanced ICC and attempted to initiate combined treatment with gemcitabine (800 mg/m2 biweekly) and three-dimensional conformation radiation (45 Gy/25 days). After completion of NCRT, this patient underwent a left trisegmentectomy with combined resection of the portal vein and inferior vena cava. Postoperative microscopic findings surprisingly revealed that more than 90% of tumor cells had disappeared with extensive fibrosis, achieving tumor downstaging and tumor volume reduction which were related to the radical resection. In conclusion, ICC showed a favorable histological response to chemoradiation therapy using gemcitabine. Further studies are needed to conclusively assess the effect of NCRT on locally advanced ICC. © 2009 Springer. ER  - 
A resected case of solitary pancreatic metastasis from adenocarcinoma of the lung$$$ Context: Primary lung cancer frequently metastasizes to distant organs; however, the pancreas is a relatively infrequent site of metastasis. Because most metastatic cases in the pancreas tend to be discovered in patients only after malignant disease has become widely disseminated, it is extremely rare that a metachronous metastatic lesion limited to the pancreas is discovered with postoperative imaging and is surgically resectable. Most patients demonstrate accompanying metastases to other organs, especially in cases of lung cancer, which prove to be surgically unresectable when diagnosed. Although several cases have been reported of patients who underwent pancreatic resection for curative intent, most patients died from recurrent disease. Case report: We report herein an unusual case of secondary tumor of the pancreas (primary tumor: adenocarcinoma of the lung) with hopefully curative resection. The interval between the surgical treatment of lung cancer and the metachronous pancreatic metastasis was 22 months; there has been no recurrence of disease during the 24 months of follow-up after a pylorus-preserving pancreaticoduodenectomy. Conclusion: Surgical treatment should be considered in patients with pancreatic metastasis from other organs if the disease is localized in the pancreas or if metastasis in other organs is controlled with chemotherapy and/or radiotherapy. ER  - 
Management of hepatic metastasis from colorectal cancers: An update$$$ Approximately 50%-60% of patients with colorectal cancers will develop liver lesions in their life span. Despite the potential of surgical resection to provide long-term survival in this subset of patients, only 15%-20% are found to be resectable. The introduction of new neoadjuvant chemotherapeutic agents and the expanding criteria of resection have enhanced the overall 5-year survival from 30% to 60% in the past decade. The use of technical innovations such as staged resection; portal vein embolization, and repeat resection have allowed higher resection rates in patients with bilobar disease. Extrahepatic primary and liver-exclusive recurrent disease no longer represent an absolute contraindication to resection. The role of regional therapy using hepatic arterial infusion is being redefined for liver-exclusive unresectable disease. Adjuvant chemotherapy in combination with regional therapies is being looked at from fresh perspectives. Ablative approaches have gained a firm role both as an adjunct to surgical resection and in the management of patients who are not surgical candidates. Overall, the management of hepatic metastasis from colorectal cancers requires a multimodal approach. © Springer Japan 2008. ER  - 
Intrahepatic dissemination of hepatocellular carcinoma after local ablation therapy$$$ Background/Purpose: We aimed to clarify the histological features of and risk factors for intrahepatic dissemination after local ablation therapy (LAT) for hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Methods: Between April 1992 and December 2005, 192 HCC patients underwent hepatic resection at our department, among whom were 17 patients who had local recurrences after LAT. Eight of these 17 patients had intrahepatic dissemination. The clinical and histological characteristics of these 8 surgically treated patients with intrahepatic dissemination were investigated. Results: Histologically, numerous intrahepatic metastases were observed, mainly in the same section as the treated tumor, together with main or sectional portal vein tumor thrombi. Before the ablation therapy, the average tumor diameter was 2.1 cm, and 62.5% of the tumors were adjacent to the main or sectional portal vein. In terms of therapeutic factors, 25% of the patients had a prior needle biopsy and 62.5% had insufficient safety margins. Conclusions: LAT for HCCs (even those less than 3 cm in diameter) adjacent less than 5 mm to the main or sectional portal vein possibly promotes intrahepatic dissemination. © Springer Japan 2008. ER  - 
Histopathological response to preoperative chemoradiation for resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma: The French Phase II FFCD 9704-SFRO trial$$$ Purpose: This study suggests that pancreatic adenocarcinoma is a chemoradiosensitive tumor and that preoperative chemoradiation provides antitumoral effect associated with major histopathological response in 50% of patients and a high R0 resection rate. Evaluation of histopathological response to neoadjuvant therapy may serve as a surrogate marker for treatment efficacy and remains an active area of investigation. Objectives: The chemoradiosensitivity of pancreatic adenocarcinoma has not yet fully been assessed. The purpose of this study is to determine the efficacy of preoperative chemoradiation, measured by the impact on the R0 resection rate and the histopathological response rate in patients presenting with resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Methods: Patients with localized, potentially resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma were treated with 50 Gy irradiation combined with 5-fluorouracil by continuous infusion (300 mg·m -2·d-1; day 1-5; week 1-5) and cisplatin (20 mg·m-2·d-1; day 1-5 and day 29-33). Patients presenting with resectable disease at restaging, without metastatic dissemination, underwent surgical resection. Results: Forty-one patients were enrolled. Twenty-seven patients (67.5%) completed chemoradiation receiving at least 75% prescribed chemotherapy dose without grade 4 nonhematological toxicity. Twenty-six patients (63%) underwent surgical resection with curative intent and 21 (80.7%) had R0 resection. Thirteen of 26 specimens (50%) presented a major pathologic response with more than 80% of severely degenerative cancer cells. Complete pathologic response was observed in one specimen. Median survival time and 2-year survival rate were 9.4 months and 20% for the entire cohort. The local recurrence and 2-year survival rates were 4% and 32%, respectively, for the 26 operated patients. Conclusions: This study suggests that some pancreatic adenocarcinomas are chemoradiosensitive and that preoperative chemoradiation provides antitumoral effect associated with major histopathological response in 50% of patients and a high R0 resection rate. Further research is needed to determine the biologic difference between responders and nonresponders, to evaluate the predictive value of treatment response parameters, and to optimize the chemoradiation regimen. Copyright © 2008 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Surgery for pancreatic cancer$$$ Ductal pancreatic carcinomas are currently the fourth most common fatal cancer disease with a survival rate of less than 5% when all stages are considered. Other malignant pancreatic tumours have markedly better prognoses. Even after complete resection and adjuvant chemotherapy, the 5-year survival rate amounts to merely 20-25%. Besides a high resistance to chemotherapy and early lympho- and haematogenic metastases, the reason for this is often tumour extension beyond the medial and dorsal resection margins. In standardised pathological examinations cancer cells can be detected in the resection margins in about 75% of the cases, which reflect the aggressive and infiltrative tumour growth and probably explains the high rate of local recurrence. Standard operations for curative tumour resection are the pylorus-preserving pancreatoduodenectomy (PPPD) and the left pancreatic resection with splenectomy in cases of pancreas tail tumours. In high-volume centres the mortality can be reduced to under 3% and the long-term survival improved with an increase of the resection rate. Considering surgical complications, pancreatic fistulas with a prevalence of up to 10% play a decisive role. The technique of the pancreatic anastomosis as well as closure of the pancreatic tail thus represents major surgical challenges. In view of the high recurrence rate of pancreatic carcinomas, extended surgical procedures have been examined in numerous studies. Although infiltration of the portal vein is not a contraindication for curative resection with vascular reconstruction which gives comparable survival rates, a radical, extended lymphadenectomy does not seem reasonable on the basis the available data. In selected, individual cases, patients may benefit from neoadjuvant radiochemotherapy to down-stage an unresectable tumour with subsequent tumour resection, a metastasis resection, or a resection of a local recurrence. An RO resection and tumour-free lymph nodes (NO stage) are the two factors that can provide the best prognosis for the patient with a median survival of 2 years and a good quality of life. Pancreas surgery is being increasingly oriented to the evidence-based data from randomised, controlled studies. In order to achieve a further and urgently needed improvement in treatment results, one should consider, if possible, all suitable patients for enrolment in current clinical studies on neoadjuvant, surgical, or adjuvant therapy. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart. ER  - 
Approaches to localized pancreatic cancer$$$ Pancreatic cancer is one of the most devastating human malignancies, with a mortality rate that almost equals its incidence rate. In cases of localized pancreatic cancer, surgical resection offers a chance for cure or at least prolonged survival. Adjuvant chemotherapy has been established as the standard of care; prospective, randomized controlled trials have demonstrated a distinct survival benefit of 5-fluorouracil/ folinic acid or gemcitabine following surgical resection. More aggressive approaches, including neoadjuvant protocols, venous resections, and extended lymphadenectomy, have been suggested to improve long-term survival. However, based on the available data, there is either no benefit for these approaches or the evidence is not conclusive. Thus, further randomized controlled trials are needed to determine the role of novel therapy regimens in the treatment of pancreatic cancer. © Current Medicine Group LLC 2008. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant intra- arterial oil chemoem - bolization and adjuvant selective intraarterial chemoinfusion in combined treatment of pancreatic cancer$$$ Neoadjuvant intra-arterial oil chemoembolization and adjuvant selective intra-arterial chemoinfusion with gemicitabine was administered to 28 patients with operable exocrine pancreatic cancer. It was well tolerated and not followed by complications which allowed for gastropancreatoduodenal resection to be carried out in all cases. Complete course of combined treatment was given to 23 out of 28 patients (82.1%). As a result, 2-, 3- and 5-year actuarial survival rates were 23.9,17.4 and 13%, respectively. Long-term survival was recorded among patients without metastases into regional lymph nodes: two of them have survived without relapse for more than 5 years and one died of tumor progression after 4 years of the follow-up. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant chemotherapy generates a significant tumor response in resectable pancreatic cancer without increasing morbidity results of a prospective phase II trial$$$ Objective: To evaluate the morbidity of pancreaticoduodenectomy after neoadjuvant chemotherapy for resectable pancreatic cancer and to assess its histologic and metabolic response. Background: Adjuvant chemotherapy improves the outcome of pancreatic cancer, but 25% of patients remain unfit after surgery. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy can be offered to all patients in a multimodality approach, but its efficacy and surgical morbidity are unknown. Methods: Patients with resectable, cytologically proven adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head received 4 bi-weekly cycles of gemcitabine (1000 mg/m 2) and cisplatin (50 mg/m2) in this prospective phase II trial. Staging and restaging included chest x-ray, abdominal computed tomography (CT), positron emission tomography (PET)/CT, endoscopic ultrasound, and laparoscopy. Fluorodeoxyglucose uptake was quantified by the standard-uptake value (SUV) on baseline and restaging PET/CT. Immunohistochemistry for GLUT-1 and Ki-67 was performed. The histologic response, cytopathic effects, and surgical complications were graded by respective scores. Results: Twenty-four of 28 patients had resection for histologically confirmed adenocarcinoma. The surgical morbidity was low without perioperative death and one pancreatic fistula. Histologic response was documented in 54% and cytopathic effects in 83% of the patients. A significant SUV decrease occurred during chemotherapy (P - 0.031), which correlated with the baseline SUV (P = 0.001), Ki-67 expression (P = 0.016), and histologic response (P = 0.01). Neither the metabolic nor the histologic response was predictive of the median disease-free (9.2 months) or overall survival (26.5 months). Conclusion: Neoadjuvant chemotherapy induced a significant metabolic and histologic response, which was best predicted by PET. Most importantly, surgery after neoadjuvant chemotherapy for pancreatic cancer was safe. Copyright © 2008 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Phase I/II trial of induction chemotherapy followed by concurrent chemoradiotherapy and surgery for locoregionally Advanced Pancreatic Cancer$$$ Background: We used a novel combination of induction chemotherapy with gemcitabine (GEM) and cisplatin (CDDP), followed by concurrent chemoradiotherapy (CCRT) with the same agents in patients with locoregionally advanced pancreatic cancer. Surgery or additional chemotherapy followed on the basis of response. Methods: Patients with borderline resectable or locally advanced pancreatic cancer received induction weekly with GEM (1000 mg/m2) or CDDP (30 g/m2). Patients without progression of disease then underwent surgery or CCRT, including four cohorts of escalating GEM/CDDP doses combined with full-dose radiotherapy. After CCRT, patients deemed resectable underwent surgery; patients with disease that remained unresectable and that did not progress received additional GEM/CDDP for 2 months. Results: A mean 76% of intended GEM dose and 75% of CDDP dose was delivered during induction (n = 26). There were three incidences of grade 4 toxicity (fever or neutropenia). After induction, five patients progressed and one patient underwent resection. Eighteen patients received CCRT, and three patients underwent resection. After CCRT, disease of 10 patients progressed, and in 5 patients, it remained unresectable without progression, and the patient received additional GEM/CDDP. Dose-limiting toxicity was at dose level IV (thrombocytopenia). Median overall and disease-specific survival was 13 months. Conclusion: GEM/CDDP induction chemotherapy followed by CCRT is well tolerated and rendered the disease of 4 of 26 patients resectable in this study. The recommended phase II dose for GEM and CDDP in combination with full-dose radiotherapy (5040 cGy) is 300 mg/m 2 and 10 mg/m2 weekly for 5 weeks. Median survival in this group was 13 months. This neoadjuvant combined modality approach is both feasible and active; further studies are warranted. © 2008 Society of Surgical Oncology. ER  - 
Chemoradioimmunotherapy with 5-fluorouracil, cisplatin and interferon-α in pancreatic and periampullary cancer: Results of a feasibility study$$$ Background: Recent studies give rise to the hypothesis, that adjuvant chemoradioimmunotherapy with 5-fluorouracil (5-FU), cisplatin and interferon-α (IFN-α) might be a possible new treatment of pancreatic cancer in resected patients. We report the up-to-now experience at our institution. Patients and methods: Eleven patients with histological diagnosis of localized carcinoma of the pancreas (n = 7) or periampullary (n = 4) were prospectively analyzed. Four patients were deemed unresectable because of local invasion of adjacent organs (neoadjuvant setting) and seven patients underwent curative resection (adjuvant setting). Eight patients were classified as T3 carcinomas and three T4 carcinomas. Fifty-five per cent (6/11) of the patients presented with positive lymph node involvement. One histological Grade I, six Grade II and three Grade III were detected. External conformal irradiation to a total dose of 50.4 Gy with 1.8 Gy per day was delivered. All patients received a concomitant chemotherapy with continuous 5-FU 200 mg/m2 per day on 28 treatment days and intravenous bolus cisplatin 30 mg/m2 per week (Day 2, 9, 16, 23, 30). A recombinant r-IFN-α was administered on three days weekly during Week one to five of the radiotherapy course as subcutanous injections with 3*3 Mio. I.U. weekly. Results: The four-year overall survival rate for all patients was 55%. In the neoadjuvant group, three of four patients died due to progressive disease; in the adjuvant group, combined chemoradioimmunotherapy lead to controlled disease in five of seven patients. The overall toxicity was well-managed. Conclusion: Our data strengthens the hypothesis of concomitant chemoradioimmunotherapy with 5-FU, IFN-α and cisplatin as a possible new treatment of pancreatic cancer in resected patients. © 2008 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Management of Burkitt lymphoma: A continuing challenge$$$ The definition and management of borderline resectability for periampullary pancreatic adenocarcinoma are evolving. In this case report, we discuss the presentation, workup, and therapeutic management of a 40-year-old man who presented with borderline resectable, periampullary pancreatic cancer and underwent a margin-negative resection following neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy. ER  - 
Management of a patient with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer. Case report and review.$$$ The definition and management of borderline resectability for periampullary pancreatic adenocarcinoma are evolving. In this case report, we discuss the presentation, workup, and therapeutic management of a 40-year-old man who presented with borderline resectable, periampullary pancreatic cancer and underwent a margin-negative resection following neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy. ER  - 
Multidisciplinary management of resectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head$$$ Although surgery is considered the only treatment to offer patients with localized pancreatic adenocarcinoma a chance of cure, resection alone is rarely sufficient for long-term survival. High rates of postoperative recurrence and subsequent disease-related mortality have, over the past two decades, encouraged the study and use of multimodality strategies that include adjuvant systemic chemotherapy and radiation. These modalities have been utilized both preoperatively and postoperatively with encouraging results. Moreover, their use has led increasingly to the development of institutional multidisciplinary groups with a focused interest in the care of patients with pancreatic malignancy, which have become responsible for the diagnosis, staging, treatment, follow-up and study of these patients. We review the rationale for the use of and the outcomes that may be achieved through the use of a multidisciplinary approach to patients with resectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head. © 2008 Expert Reviews Ltd. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant Radiation Is Associated With Improved Survival in Patients With Resectable Pancreatic Cancer: An Analysis of Data From the Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results (SEER) Registry$$$ Purpose: Cancer of the exocrine pancreas is the fifth leading cause of cancer death in the United States. Neoadjuvant chemoradiation has been investigated in several trials as a strategy for downstaging locally advanced disease to resectability. The aim of the present study is to examine the effect of neoadjuvant radiation therapy (RT) vs. other treatments on long-term survival for patients with resectable pancreatic cancer in a large population-based sample group. Methods and Materials: The Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results (SEER) registry database (1994-2003) was queried for cases of surgically resected pancreatic cancer. Retrospective analysis was performed. The endpoint of the study was overall survival. Results: Using Kaplan-Meier analysis we found that the median overall survival of patients receiving neoadjuvant RT was 23 months vs. 12 months with no RT and 17 months with adjuvant RT. Using Cox regression and controlling for independent covariates (age, sex, stage, grade, and year of diagnosis), we found that neoadjuvant RT results in significantly higher rates of survival than other treatments (hazard ratio [HR], 0.55; 95% confidence interval, 0.38-0.79; p = 0.001). Specifically comparing adjuvant with neoadjuvant RT, we found a significantly lower HR for death in patients receiving neoadjuvant RT rather than adjuvant RT (HR, 0.63; 95% confidence interval, 0.45-0.90; p = 0.03). Conclusions: This analysis of SEER data showed a survival benefit for the use of neoadjuvant RT over surgery alone or surgery with adjuvant RT in treating pancreatic cancer. Therapeutic strategies that use neoadjuvant RT should be further explored for patients with resectable pancreatic cancer. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Surgery versus radiochemotherapy for resectable locally invasive pancreatic cancer: Final results of a randomized multi-institutional trial$$$ Purpose. Although the outcome of surgery for locally advanced pancreatic cancer remains poor, it is improving, with 5-year survival up to about 10% in Japan. The preliminary results of our multi-institutional randomized controlled trial revealed better survival after surgery than after radiochemotherapy. We report the final results of this study after 5 years of follow-up. Methods. Patients with preoperative findings of pancreatic cancer invading the pancreatic capsule without involvement of the superior mesenteric or common hepatic arteries, or distant metastasis, were included in this randomized controlled trial, with their consent. If the laparotomy findings were consistent with these criteria, the patient was randomized to a surgery group or a radiochemotherapy group (5-fluorouracil 200 mg/m2/day and 5040 Gy radiotherapy). We compared the mean survival time, 3-and 5-year survival rates, and hazard ratio. Results. The surgery and radiochemotherapy groups comprised 20 and 22 patients, respectively. Patients were followed up for 5 years or longer, or until an event occurred to preclude this. The surgery group had significantly better survival than the radiochemotherapy group (P < 0.03). Surgery increased the survival time and 3-year survival rate by an average of 11.8 months and 20%, respectively, and it halved the instantaneous mortality (hazard) rate. Conclusion. Locally invasive pancreatic cancer without distant metastases or major arterial invasion is treated most effectively by surgical resection. © 2008 Springer. ER  - 
Radiotherapy in pancreatic cancer$$$ Purpose and Approach: To summarize the current knowledge on the role of radiotherapy in the treatment of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC). The results of meta-analyses, phase III-studies, and phase II-studies using chemoradiation (CRT) and chemotherapy for resectable and non-resectable PDAC are reviewed. Results and Conclusion: The role of CRT is undefined in the adjuvant setting but there may be a role as additive treatment after R1 resection. Locally advanced borderline resectable tumors may shrink down and be subject to potentially curative resections. In locally advanced clearly unresectable cancers the effect of CRT as well as chemotherapy is poorly defined and the sequence of chemotherapy and CRT should be re-evaluated. Patients with PDAC should always be treated within studies to identify optimal treatment results. © 2008 Urban & Vogel. ER  - 
S-1+gemcitabine (GEM) therapy was effective in a case of unresectable pancreatic head carcinoma$$$ OBJECTIVE: Treatment results of pancreatic head carcinoma are not good and long-term survival, especially in nonresectable cases is extremely difficult to obtain. The case reported here is of nonresectable pancreatic head carcinoma in which S-1+gemcitabine (GEM) proved to be effective. CASE: A 70-year-old male. The patient initially complained of epigastralgia. Jaundice was also noted and upon further study, pancreatic head carcinoma, portal vein and common hepatic artery infiltration along with duodenal infiltration were diagnosed. Gastrojejunostomy and cholecystectomy were performed with a preoperative diagnosis of Phb, TS2 infiltrative type T4, CH (+), DU (+), S (+), RP (-), PV (+), Ach (+), PLX, OO (-), N0, M0, and Stage IVa. Perioperative findings showed no hepatic or peritoneal metastases. Following surgery, S-1+ GEM (S-1 100 mg/day, day 1-14; GEM 1,000 mg/m(2) was administered on day 8 and day 15 for 2 weeks followed by one week of no administration) was started. After completing 2 courses, there was no change in the tumor, but after finishing the sixth course, there was a notable reduction in tumor size, and after finishing the 10th course, a further reduction was noted. Currently at the end of the 14th course, the tumors are unidentifiable upon imaging. At 1 year and 5 months from the initial diagnosis, there has been no recurrence and chemotherapy is being continued. In the case reported here, there have been no adverse side-effects from the S-1+GEM therapy, it is a safe method which does not lower QOL in patients with unresectable pancreatic carcinoma, and we can look forward to the possibility of extended survival times. CONCLUSION: In the case of unresectable pancreatic carcinoma, S-1+GEM therapy may be able to provide an improved long-term prognosis. ER  - 
Adjuvant treatments for resectable hepatocellular carcinoma$$$ Hepatocellular carcinoma often recurs even after curative resection. Although some encouraging data showing improvements in recurrence-free times have been reported with the use of intraarterial 131I-lipiodol infusion, retinoids, interferon, or immunotherapy after hepatectomy, there is no consensus regarding standard adjuvant therapy for resectable hepatocellular carcinoma. A novel target agent, sorafenib, which has recently become a standard of care for advanced disease, may also be promising in an adjuvant setting to prevent early recurrence after curative surgery. In future trials, it will be important to identify appropriate target populations for each type of adjuvant approach; that is, an agent with definitive antitumor activity for high-risk patients, and one that shows chemoprevention for low-risk patients. © Springer Japan 2008. ER  - 
Preoperative gemcitabine and cisplatin followed by gemcitabine-based chemoradiation for resectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head$$$ Purpose: We conducted a phase II trial of preoperative gemcitabine and cisplatin chemotherapy in addition to chemoradiation (Gem-Cis-XRT) and pancreaticoduodenectomy (PD) for patients with stage I/II pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Patients and Methods: Chemotherapy consisted of gemcitabine (750 mg/m2) and cisplatin (30 mg/m2) given every 2 weeks for four doses. Chemoradiation consisted of four weekly infusions of gemcitabine (400 mg/m2) combined with radiation therapy (30 Gy in 10 fractions administered over 2 weeks) delivered 5 days per week. Patients underwent restaging 4 to 6 weeks after completion of chemoradiation and, in the absence of disease progression, were taken to surgery. Results: The study enrolled 90 patients; 79 patients (88%) completed chemo-chemoradiation. Sixty-two (78%) of 79 patients were taken to surgery and 52 (66%) of 79 underwent PD. The median overall survival of all 90 patients was 17.4 months. Median survival for the 79 patients who completed chemo-chemoradiation was 18.7 months, with a median survival of 31 months for the 52 patients who underwent PD and 10.5 months for the 27 patients who did not undergo surgical resection of their primary tumor (P < .001). Conclusion: Preoperative Gem-Cis-XRT did not improve survival beyond that achieved with preoperative gemcitabine-based chemoradiation (Gem-XRT) alone. The longer preoperative interval required more durable biliary decompression (metal stents) but was not associated with local tumor progression. The gemcitabine-based chemoradiation platform is a reasonable foundation on which to build future phase II multimodality trials for stage I/II pancreatic cancer incorporating emerging systemic therapies. © 2008 by American Society of Clinical Oncology. ER  - 
Preoperative gemcitabine-based chemoradiation for patients with resectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head$$$ Purpose: We conducted a phase II trial to assess the outcomes of patients who received preoperative gemcitabine-based chemoradiation and pancreaticoduodenectomy (PD) for stage I/II pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Patients and Methods: Eligible patients with pancreatic head/uncinate process adenocarcinoma and radiographically defined potentially resectable disease received chemoradiation with 7 weekly intravenous (IV) infusions of gemcitabine (400 mg/m2 IV over 30 minutes) plus radiation therapy (30 Gy in 10 fractions over 2 weeks). Patients underwent restaging 4 to 6 weeks after completion of chemoradiation and, in the absence of disease progression, were taken to surgery. Results: The study enrolled 86 patients. At the time of restaging, disease progression or a decline in performance status precluded 13 patients from surgery. Seventy-three (85%) of 86 patients were taken to surgery, extrapancreatic disease was found in nine, and 64 (74%) of 86 underwent a successful PD. Median overall survival (86 patients) was 22.7 months with a 27% 5-year survival. Median survival was 34 months for the 64 patients who underwent PD and 7 months for the 22 unresected patients (P < .001). The 5-year survival for those who did and did not undergo PD was 36% and 0%, respectively. Conclusion: Preoperative gemcitabine-based chemoradiation followed by restaging and evaluation for surgery separated the study population into two different subsets: patients likely to benefit from PD (n = 64) and those in whom surgery would be unlikely to provide clinical benefit (n = 22). Furthermore, the encouraging overall survival observed in this large trial supports the continued investigation of gemcitabine-based preoperative therapy in resectable pancreatic cancer. © 2008 by American Society of Clinical Oncology. ER  - 
Analysis of fluorouracil-based adjuvant chemotherapy and radiation after pancreaticoduodenectomy for ductal adenocarcinoma of the pancreas: Results of a large, prospectively collected database at the Johns Hopkins Hospital$$$ Purpose: To examine the efficacy of adjuvant chemoradiotherapy after pancreaticoduodenectomy (PD) for pancreatic adenocarcinoma (PC) in patients undergoing resection at Johns Hopkins Hospital (JHH; Baltimore, MD). Patients and Methods: Between August 30, 1993, and February 28, 2005, a total of 908 patients underwent PD for PC at JHH. A prospective database was reviewed to determine which patients received fluorouracil (FU) -based CRT. Excluded patients had metastatic disease, died 60 or fewer days after PD, received preoperative therapy, an experimental vaccine, adjuvant chemotherapy or radiation alone. The final cohort includes 616 patients. Results: The median follow-up was 17.8 months (interquartile range, 9.7 to 33.5 months). Overall median survival was 17.9 months (95% CI, 16.3 to 19.5 months). Groups were similar with respect to tumor size, nodal status, and margin status, but the CRT group was younger (P < .001), and less likely to present with a severe comorbid disease (P = .001). Patients with carcinomas larger than 3 cm (P = .001), grade 3 and 4 (P < .001), margin-positive resection (P = .001), and complications after surgery (P = .017) had poor long-term survival. Patients receiving CRT experienced an improved median (21.2 v 14.4 months; P < .001), 2-year (43.9% v 31.9%), and 5-year (20.1% v 15.4%) survival compared with no CRT. After controlling for high-risk features, CRT was still associated with improved survival (relative risk = 0.74; 95% CI, 0.62 to 0.89). Conclusion: These data suggest that adjuvant concurrent FU-based CRT significantly improves survival after PD for PC when compared with patients not receiving CRT. These data support the use of combined adjuvant CRT for PC. © 2008 by American Society of Clinical Oncology. ER  - 
Up-to-date treatment of pancreatic cancer$$$ Complete surgical resection remains the only potentially curative treatment for patients diagnosed with pancreatic cancer, improving 5-year survival. Lower perioperative mortality and morbidity rates are reported in high-volume centers. Because of rapid lymphatic and perineural tumor cell dissemination a multimodal therapy concept is needed. Preoperative administration of chemotherapy or combined radiochemotherapy may present a way in increasing the number of patients for whom radical surgical therapy is feasible. New antineoplastic drugs such as "molecular targeted agents" may offer improved overall survival. This article reviews recent trial results and the increasingly popular use of neoadjuvant therapy in the treatment of pancreatic cancer. ER  - 
Current adjuvant and targeted therapies for pancreatic adenocarcinoma$$$ Pancreatic cancer is one of the deadliest malignancies, costing the lives of more than 30,000 patients every year. It often presents in advanced stages not amenable to surgery. Gemcitabine is currently considered to be the standard of care for the treatment of advanced pancreatic cancer. Combination of gemcitabine with certain other cytotoxic drugs, including cisplatin, oxaliplatin, capecitabine, and 5-fluorouracil have been undertaken, but all have failed to provide substantial increases in survival benefit. However, neoadjuvant algorithms and targeted therapies, including combinations of gemcitabine with erlotinib suggest more promising results. New targeted therapies in combination with gemcitabine are currently in Phase II and III trials, possibly implicating a primary position for them in future treatment. In this paper we present an overview of the current treatment options for the different presenting stages of pancreatic cancer, including adjuvant, neoadjuvant, and targeted therapies, and attempt to provide a comprehensive analysis of the disparate research indicated on this front. © 2008 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Prospective phase II trial of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine and cisplatin for resectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head$$$ Purpose: To test the safety of neoadjuvant chemotherapy for resectable pancreatic cancer. Patients and Methods: Patients with cytologically proven resectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head were eligible for this prospective phase II trial. After confirmation of resectability by contrast-enhanced computed tomography (ceCT), positron emission tomography/CT, laparoscopy, and endoscopic ultrasound, patients received four biweekly cycles of gemcitabine 1,000 mg/m2 and cisplatin 50 mg/m2. Thereafter, staging was repeated and patients underwent surgery. Quality of life (QoL) and prealbumin serum levels were determined pre- and postchemotherapy. Follow-up included 3-month CA 19-9 measurements and ceCT after 6, 12, 18, and 24 months. Histologic tumor response was assessed by two scoring systems. Results: Twenty-eight patients entered this study. Adverse effects were mainly gastrointestinal and hematologic, most often mild, and never of grade 4. Twenty-six patients (93%) had resectable cancer on restaging examinations, and the R0 resection rate was 80%. Histologic tumor response and cytopathic effects were documented in 54% and 83% of patients, respectively. On intention-to-treat analysis, disease-free and overall survival were 9.2 months (95% CI, 5.6 to 12.9 months) and 26.5 months (95% CI, 11.4 to 41.5 months) and 9 months (95% CI, 6.99 to 10.1 months) and 19.1 months (95% CI, 15 to 23.1 months) for ductal adenocarcinoma, respectively. QoL improved in two items and was unchanged in all other items. Moreover, prealbumin serum levels significantly improved during chemotherapy (P = .008). Conclusion: Neoadjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine and cisplatin is well tolerated and does not impair resectability of pancreatic cancer. Furthermore, it improves the QoL and the nutritional status of affected patients with favorable overall and disease-free survival. © 2008 by the American Society of Clinical Oncology. ER  - 
Rectal hepatoid carcinoma with liver metastases in a patient affected by ulcerative colitis$$$ Background: Hepatoid tumors (HTs) are rare extra-hepatic neoplasms with the histological features, biochemical profile and, sometimes, even clinical course of hepatocellular carcinoma. We present a case of rectal hepatoid adenocarcinoma with metachronous liver metastases. Methods: Four months after total procto-colectomy for a rectal adenocarcinoma (Astler-Coller C2), a 42-year-old man with ulcerative colitis showed hypoechoic masses in the hepatic parenchyma by abdominal ultrasonography. Carcinoembryonic antigen was normal, but alpha-fetoprotein was 32 000 μg/L. Fine-needle biopsy revealed that liver masses were positive for hepatocellular carcinoma. The patient underwent left hepatectomy and alcoholisation of a small deep nodule in segment 8. Results: Immunohistochemistry and albumin mRNA in situ hybridization suggested that the nodules were metastases of a HT. The patient was well during the first 6 months and refused any adjuvant chemotherapy. He died from liver failure 19 months after initial diagnosis. Conclusions: HT is a rare colon cancer. The preoperative diagnosis of this tumor requires a high degree of suspicion, the availability of a panel of immunohistochemical markers, and a certain amount of luck. The prognosis is poor despite an aggressive and multimodal therapeutic strategy. So far, none of the hypotheses proposed about the origin and the biology of these tumors is convincing. © 2008, Hepatobiliary Pancreat Dis Int. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Upper gastrointestinal tumors: Current status and future perspectives$$$ Recent therapeutic developments that have provided new promising and successful approaches to the treatment of solid tumors are in large part due to the increasing understanding of their molecular biology. Despite this progress, these new therapies have provided minimal benefit in the treatment of upper gastrointestinal (GI) malignancies. Hence, the overall survival of patients with upper GI tumors remains dismal. These disappointing results are largely due to the lack of early detection strategies, inadequate medical treatments and the poor understanding of upper GI tumor biology. Clinically, the treatment paradigm has been evolving for these malignancies. Esophageal cancer is now commonly treated with preoperative chemoradiation in the USA, in both academic and community cancer centers, due to its theoretical advantages. Adjuvant-chemotherapy and chemoradiation are also frequently used in patients with pancreatic cancer. Exciting prospects remain in the medical and surgical treatment of these malignancies with the inclusion of biologic agents in many protocols, newer chemotherapeutic agents (such as S-1 in the treatment of gastric cancer), and the use of minimally invasive procedures for the treatment of premalignant and, possibly, early malignant lesions of the esophagus and stomach. This review focuses on the current practice in the management of upper GI tumors and summarizes the recent advances in the field. © 2008 Expert Reviews Ltd. ER  - 
Pancreaticoduodenectomy for locally advanced stomach cancer: Preliminary results$$$ Background: Pancreaticoduodenectomy (PD) for locally advanced stomach cancer involving duodenum or/and pancreatic head was controversial and rarely carried out. It was mainly reported from the Japanese institutions. Methods: A review of prospective database from January 2003 to December 2006 of patients who had locally advanced stomach cancer involving duodenum or/and head of pancreas that precluded curative subtotal gastrectomy who underwent diagnostic laparoscopy or exploratory laparotomy to exclude peritoneal metastatic disease. Patients were advised to undergo neoadjuvant chemotherapy before PD. Results: Seven patients underwent PD during the above-mentioned period. Only four patients had neoadjuvant chemotherapy before PD. The median operative time was 8 h (range 6-9 h). Five patients had combined tranverse colectomy done. There was no 30-day operative mortality or re-operation. Three patients developed controlled pancreatic leaks and fistulas that were successfully treated with conservative measures. The length of hospital stay was 10-53 days (median 15 days). Median survival was 13 months and 2-year survival rate was 60%. Patients who received neoadjuvant chemotherapy seemed to have better survival rate (P = 0.039). Conclusion: Our initial experience has shown that with careful and stringent patients selection, PD for locally advanced stomach cancer can be carried out with acceptable morbidity and mortality. Early results for patients who received neoadjuvant chemotherapy showed trend towards prolonged survival. However, longer follow up and further patient recruitment are needed to confirm our initial optimistic findings. © 2008 The Authors. ER  - 
A case of advanced gastric cancer with long-term survival treated by S-1/paclitaxel as neo-adjuvant chemotherapy$$$ A 61-year-old male presented with advanced gastric cancer with lymph node swelling around the root of superior mesenteric artery lymph nodes and invasion of pancreas. We thought a complete resection would be difficult, so he was given neo-adjuvant chemotherapy in combination with S-11 20 mg/body/day (3 weeks administration and 1 week rest) and paclitaxel (PTX) 80 mg/m(2) (day 1, 8, 15). After 2 courses of this neo-adjuvant chemotherapy, the tumor and lymph node swelling decreased in size. Total gastrectomy, Roux-en Y and D1+beta type nodal dissection were performed. Intraoperative findings included tumor exposure on the serous membrane and enlarged lymph nodes on the lesser curvature; however, no marked pancreatic invasion was observed and the lymph nodes had become scarred. The changes with neo-adjuvant chemotherapy were judged to be grade 2. After the operation, there was no side effect, though he received the same chemotherapy as an outpatient in three courses. Five years passed from the first medical examination. The patient remains alive, and the neo-adjuvant chemotherapy proved effective. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant therapy for pancreatic cancer$$$ Surgical resection is necessary but generally insufficient as curative treatment for pancreatic cancer. Traditionally, postoperative (adjuvant) therapies have been utilized in an attempt to improve outcome, yet these efforts have met with extremely limited success. As preoperative (neoadjuvant) treatment strategies have evolved for the treatment of other malignancies, preoperative therapy for pancreatic cancer has been investigated by several groups over the past decade. At this time, no randomized trials comparing adjuvant and neoadjuvant therapies have been performed, nor have there been any large multicenter trials of neoadjuvant therapy for pancreatic cancer. In this manuscript, the rationale for neoadjuvant strategies are discussed in the context of the available data on both adjuvant and neoadjuvant therapy and clinical trials currently in development. © 2008 The Society for Surgery of the Alimentary Tract. ER  - 
Pancreatic Cancer within a UK Cancer Network with Special Emphasis on Locally Advanced Non-metastatic Pancreatic Cancer$$$ Aims: The outcome of patients with pancreatic cancer from an unselected population within a UK region has not previously been reported. We undertook a review of pancreatic cancer in southeast Wales, with an emphasis on locally advanced non-metastatic pancreatic cancer (LANPC) in an attempt to define a subgroup of patients who would probably benefit from multi-modality treatment. Materials and methods: Case notes of patients referred to Velindre Hospital between 1 January 2002 and 31 December 2005 were reviewed. Data on patient demographics, tumour characteristics, treatment, treatment response and overall survival were collected. The Log-rank test was used to compare survival between groups and Cox regression was used to evaluate whether age, gender, tumour site and treatment response correlated with overall survival in LANPC. Results: Of the 354 referrals (complete data on 315 patients), 93% were inoperable and 51% of inoperable patients received active treatment (149/294). One hundred and fourteen patients out of 315 (36%) had LANPC and 72/114 (64%) were fit for active treatment, including chemotherapy (n = 66) and chemoradiotherapy (CRT) (n = 6). The median survival of patients with LANPC was 7.4 months (95% confidence interval 6.4-8.5). Survival for patients receiving chemotherapy, CRT and no treatment was 9.2 (7.5-10.7), 12.6 (6.1-19.1) and 4.5 (3.7-5.3) months, respectively. Overall survival of patients who had non-progressive disease after initial chemotherapy was significantly better than those who progressed (11.8 vs 6.6 months, P = 0.01). Of the 180/315 (57%) patients presenting with metastatic disease, 43% received active treatment. Overall survival of metastatic patients was 2.8 months (2.3-3.2 months); for those receiving active treatment, this was 5.6 months (5.1-6.1 months) and for those receiving active supportive care 1.8 months (1.6-2.0 months). Conclusions: In this UK network, about half of the patients received active treatment. Although the overall outcome was poor, that of treated patients was comparable with published studies. For patients with LANPC, the initial response or disease stabilisation on chemotherapy defined a subset of patients who had better outcome. The role of CRT over and above chemotherapy needs to be defined through trials that should include a neoadjuvant 'chemotherapy-only' phase to select out patients who benefit from multi-modality treatment. © 2008 The Royal College of Radiologists. ER  - 
Caval Invasion by Liver Tumor Is Limited$$$ Background: Successful hepatic resection with combined inferior vena cava (IVC) resection has been reported. The necessity of a combined IVC resection for hepatic malignancies that have attached to the IVC has not been fully evaluated. Study Design: In this retrospective study, 162 lesions for which preoperative CT findings suggested attachment to the IVC were evaluated. Patient survival rates were examined according to type of tumor and the operative procedure. For adenocarcinoma lesions, several CT findings, including extent of the IVC circumference attached to the tumor compared with the whole IVC circumference (EIVC), were evaluated in conjunction with IVC resection. Results: Among 162 lesions, 18 adenocarcinoma lesions were resected in combination with an IVC resection. Histologic IVC invasion was confirmed in eight patients. None of the 67 hepatocellular carcinoma lesions required concomitant IVC resection. Overall 5-year survival rate of the patients who underwent concomitant liver and IVC resections was 33.1%. Among the adenocarcinoma lesions, the positive predictive factors for IVC resection were an EIVC value > 25% and a peaked deformity of the IVC wall, according to a multivariate analysis. Conclusions: Most hepatic malignancies attached to the IVC wall can be completely removed without IVC resection. EIVC and deformity of the IVC on CT can be useful indicators for a concomitant liver and IVC resection. Careful separation of the liver and IVC is a key point for minimizing the size of the resected IVC and to avoid unnecessary IVC resection. © 2008 American College of Surgeons. ER  - 
Translational research in pancreatic cancer$$$ Pancreatic cancer is an international problem because of its increasing incidence worldwide. The incidence and age-adjusted mortality rates are almost equal, underscoring the aggressive nature of the disease. Although efforts are being made to unveil the principles governing the initiation and progression of this cancer, and to identify the factors that confer its particular aggressiveness, the exact succession of molecular events underlying the development of this devastating malignancy has remained unsolved. The management of pancreatic cancer is, therefore, an ongoing challenge. Many translational studies were presented at the annual meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) this year. The author summarizes few of them including: polymorphisms of genes involved in gemcitabine metabolism correlate with prognosis in patients receiving neoadjuvant therapy for pancreatic cancer, diagnostic performance of MUC1 for pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma, and use of whole genome expression analysis of pancreatic adenocarcinoma to predict prognosis after surgery. Pancreatic cancer remains a dismal disease and early diagnostic markers and therapeutic targets are urgently needed. ER  - 
Primary non-Hodgkin's lymphoma of the main hepatic duct junction$$$ A rare case of primary non-Hodgkin's lymphoma of the main hepatic duct junction is reported. A 71-year-old man was admitted for treatment of obstructive jaundice. Radiological examination revealed stenosis of the main hepatic duct junction. Biliary drainage was not necessary because total bilirubin decreased spontaneously. A left hepatic and caudate lobectomy, combined with resection of bile ducts and lymph node dissection, was performed with the preoperative diagnosis of cholangiocarcinoma of the main hepatic duct junction. Macroscopic examination of the resected specimen revealed tumorous growth in the main hepatic duct junction. Histological and immunochemistry findings disclosed a mucosaassociated lymphoid tissue (MALT) lymphoma. The patient received three courses of combination chemotherapy [cyclophosphamide, doxorubicin, vincristine and prednisolone (CHOP)], and there was no evidence of recurrence 45 months after the surgery. Although primary non-Hodgkin's lymphoma of the main hepatic duct junction is extremely rare and difficult to diagnose preoperatively, aggressive surgery followed by chemotherapy, as here, is a possible curative option. © Springer Japan 2008. ER  - 
Total tumor volume predicts risk of recurrence following liver transplantation in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma$$$ Criteria for the selection of candidates for liver transplantation in the presence of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) should accurately predict posttransplant recurrence while not excluding excessive numbers of patients from candidacy. Existing criteria are challenged by the limited accuracy of radiological assessment. The total tumor volume (TTV) was calculated by the addition of the volume of each individual tumor. A preliminary analysis was carried out on HCC patient data from the Alberta Liver Transplant Program (52 patients) and then validated on the populations of the Universities of Toronto and Colorado programs (154 and 82 patients). A TTV cutoff of 115 cm3 was chosen on the basis of the risk of recurrence with use of a receiver operating characteristic curve. Radiology correlated more closely to pathology with TTV than with Milan and University of California at San Francisco (UCSF) criteria (91% versus 69% and 75% of patients, P < 0.0001). Although more patients met qualifying criteria for transplant with TTV (28%-53% more than Milan and 16%-26% more than UCSF), no deterioration of outcome was demonstrated in an analysis of patients within TTV ≤ 115 cm3 in comparison with those meeting Milan or UCSF classifications at all institutions. Patients with TTV > 115 cm3 experienced more recurrences and lower patient survival in the Alberta and Colorado series (P < 0.05). When TTV with a cutoff of 115 cm3 is used for candidate selection, the accuracy of pretransplant radiological assessment is enhanced, with posttransplant outcomes not different from those achieved with Milan and UCSF classifications despite a more inclusive patient population. © 2008 AASLD. ER  - 
Arcuate ligament syndrome inducing hepatic artery thrombosis after liver transplantation$$$ Background: Hepatic artery thrombosis (HAT) is a frequent complication following liver transplantation, but it is rarely caused by arcuate ligament compression of the celiac artery. This article mainly describes our experience in managing a patient with celiac artery stenosis and HAT after liver transplantation. Methods: A 44-year-old man with a 15-year history of hepatitis B was admitted to our hospital for hepatocellular carcinoma. Before the operation, he received trans-arterial chemoembolization once, and pretransplant MR angiography indicated a suspected stenosis at the initiation of the celiac artery, while color Doppler showed normal blood flow in the arterial system. In this case, orthotopic liver transplantation was performed for radical cure of hepatocellular carcinoma. However, B-ultrasonography detected poor blood flow in the intra- and extra-hepatic artery on the first posttransplant day, and during exploratory laparotomy a thrombus was found in the hepatic artery. Thus, re-transplantation was conducted with a bypass between the graft hepatic artery and the recipient abdominal aorta with the donor's splenic artery. Results: The patient made an uneventful recovery and color Doppler showed good blood flow in the artery and portal system. Histology confirmed extensive thrombosis in the left and right hepatic artery of the explanted graft, indicating HAT. Conclusions: Although HAT caused by celiac trunk compression is rarely reported in liver transplantation, the diagnosis should be considered in patients with pretransplant hepatic artery stenosis on angiography and abnormal blood flow on B-ultrasonography. Once HAT is formed, treatment such as thrombectomy or re-transplantation should be performed as early as possible. © 2008, Hepatobiliary Pancreat Dis Int. All rights reserved. ER  - 
A case of advanced gastric cancer successfully treated with S-1 and paclitaxel followed by curative resection$$$ A 59-year-old man diagnosed with Stage IV advanced gastric cancer due to pancreatic invasion(T4)and splenic hilum lymph node metastasis(N3)was initially treated with neoadjuvant chemotherapy using S-1 and CDDP. However, it was discontinued because the tumor marker increased after 1 course. Instead of S-1 and CDDP, S-1 and paclitaxel were then administered. After 4 courses, CT scan revealed reduced tumor size and the disappearance of splenic hilum lymph node swelling that indicated PR of the chemotherapy. Moreover, serum CEA was remarkably decreased to 77 ng/mL from 1,092 ng/mL. He could undergo subtotal gastrectomy(Billroth II)with lymph node dissection(D2)and cholecystectomy. Histopathological examination revealed Stage II (pT2(SS), pN1, CY0, ly1, v2)advanced gastric cancer that showed good effect of S-1 and paclitaxel. At this writing (October 2007), the patient has remained free of disease for more than 1 year and 6 months with good nutrition. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy using S-1 and paclitaxel for advanced gastric cancer seems to have been effective. ER  - 
Small islet cell tumour in the pancreas: Diagnostic value of diffusion-weighted MRI$$$ We present a case of a small islet cell tumour that was clearly depicted on diffusion-weighted imaging using a free breathing approach and discuss the diagnostic value of this sequence. © 2008 The Authors. ER  - 
Multidetector Computed Tomography During Combined Therapy for Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma$$$ By using experimental combined adjuvant and neoadjuvant therapies in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma patients, progress has been made in survival, clinical benefit response, and even downstaging of tumors to allow surgical resection. The use of combined modality approaches in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma is associated with increased gastrointestinal toxicity, which may manifest as bowel wall abnormalities and peripancreatic inflammatory changes on multiphasic multidetector computed tomography and affect assessment of the pancreatic tumor. During preoperative neoadjuvant therapy, occult metastatic disease may be given the opportunity to manifest, thus preventing the morbidity of attempted resection or laparotomy. Although advances in the neoadjuvant and adjuvant treatment of patients with pancreatic carcinoma have thus far yielded only a modest impact on prognosis, in the future greater numbers of patients will undergo these treatments in searching for cure. As therapy with targeted agents evolves, the team of gastroenterologists, oncologists, surgeons, and radiologists caring for these complex patients should become familiar with the varied tumor response and host reactions to newer therapies that may be depicted on multiphase multidetector computed tomography. © 2008 AGA Institute. ER  - 
Combined management of resectable and locally advanced pancreatic cancer - Is there an optimal therapeutic model?$$$ This article presents the current status, controversies, and future prospects for the treatment of resectable and locally advanced pancreatic cancer. When diagnosed, it is distinguished by bad outcome with death rate about 98% and median survival ranging from 3 to 6 months. The treatment of early stages includes complete tumour resection, but at the time of diagnosis only 20-30% of patients may be qualified for the operation. Even with surgery, the survival rate of such patients is poor. One of the methods potentially improving results is adjuvant treatment. Data provided by the ESPACE-1 and CONKO-001 trials suggest that postoperative chemoradiotherapy is not better than chemotherapy alone and that gemcitabine-based chemotherapy has a chance to become standard adjuvant treatment. There are promising results of combined chemo- and radiotherapy based on gemcitabine as well as chemotherapy alone as neoadjuvant chemotherapy, but it needs confirmation in randomized trials. The optimal approach to patients with locally advanced pancreatic carcinoma is not determined. Although not universally accepted, 5-fluorouracil-based chemoradiation is considered a standard treatment in many countries worldwide. There are multiple trials confirming the benefits from gemcitabine-based chemoradiation, but due to the high toxicity this therapeutic option is reserved for patients in good general condition. Recent strategies for improving the efficacy of chemoradiotherapy include the use of new radiation techniques such as intensity-modulated radiation therapy (IMRT), stereotactic radiotherapy or combination of new molecular targeted agents with chemoradiotherapy. Many phase III trials evaluating systemic therapy have included not only metastatic but also locally advanced patients; therefore conclusions regarding chemotherapy and gemcitabine combined with erlotinib apply also to this second group. ER  - 
Abdominal applications of 3.0-T MR imaging: comparative review versus a 1.5-T system.$$$ With the development of dedicated receiver coils and increased gradient performance, 3.0-T magnetic resonance (MR) systems are gaining wider acceptance in clinical practice. The expected twofold increase in signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) compared with that of 1.5-T MR systems may help improve spatial resolution or increase temporal resolution when used with parallel acquisition techniques. Several issues must be considered when applying 3.0-T MR in the abdomen, including the alteration of the radiofrequency field and relaxation time, increase in energy deposition and susceptibility effects, and problems associated with motion artifacts. For the evaluation of liver lesions, higher SNR and greater resolution achieved with the 3.0-T system could translate into better detection of malignant lesions on T2-weighted images obtained with adjusted imaging parameters. For the evaluation of pancreatic and biliary diseases, high-resolution T2-weighted imaging using single-shot turbo spin-echo sequences is useful; improvement in SNR was noticeable on two-dimensional MR cholangiopancreatographic images. For the preoperative imaging of rectal cancer, a single-shot sequence is useful for dramatically decreasing imaging time while maintaining image quality. Substantial modification of examination protocols, with optimized imaging parameters and sequence designs along with ongoing development of hardware, could contribute to an increased role of the 3.0-T system for abdominal MR examinations. ER  - 
Effect of preoperative chemotherapy on liver resection for colorectal liver metastases$$$ Aim: To compare the effects of preoperative chemotherapy on liver parenchyma morphology, as well as morbidity and mortality after liver resection for colorectal liver metastases. Methods: Prospectively collected data on 173 patients undergoing liver resection for CLM between 1/2003 and 9/2005 was analysed in three groups: A: preoperative oxaliplatin (Ox, n = 70); B: other chemotherapeutic agents (OC, n = 60); and C: surgery alone without chemotherapy (SA, n = 43). Blood transfusion, hospital stay, operative procedure, peak postoperative bilirubin levels, complications and histopathology of the resected liver were compared. Results: Intra-operative blood transfusion requirement (34%) and biliary complications (16%) was higher in patients receiving oxaliplatin-based chemotherapy (p = 0.01 and p = 0.06, respectively). Oxaliplatin-based chemotherapy was also associated with sinusoidal dilatation of mild grade in 52.8% vs. 26.6% and 23.3% patients (p = 0.007 and p = 0.004) in other groups, respectively. Steatosis was similarly distributed across the study group. Postoperative mortality was 2, 1 and 4 patients, respectively (p = ns). Conclusion: Oxaliplatin-based preoperative chemotherapy is associated with vascular alterations in the liver parenchyma without significantly increasing the risk of steatosis, or postoperative morbidity and mortality. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Preoperative chemoradiation in adenocarcinoma of the pancreas. A single centre experience advocating a new treatment strategy$$$ Aims: To evaluate a single centre's experience with pancreatic carcinoma focused on preoperative chemoradiation therapy (CRT) for treatment of locally advanced pancreatic carcinoma. The aim of the present analysis was to evaluate the median overall survival time (OS) after preoperative CRT and to compare it with OS after primary resection of pancreatic carcinoma. In conclusion a new treatment strategy was developed using multimodality treatment for pancreatic carcinoma deemed to be resectable by CT-scan. Patients and methods: Between 1995 and 2003, 302 patients with ductal adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head and body were recorded prospectively and OS was analysed with regard to therapy. Results: Fifty-eight patients were resected without any pretreatment and had an OS of 21 months. Twenty-one patients with initially unresectable tumours underwent CRT followed by resection and had an OS of 54 months, which was not significantly different from primary resection (p = 0.315). Lymph node metastasis was significantly reduced after CRT (p = 0.0029). OS for patients whose tumours could not be resected was 3-10 months, depending on tumour stage and consecutive therapy. Conclusion: CRT pretreatment was effective in locally advanced pancreatic carcinoma and resulted in resection of tumours otherwise staged as non-resectable. This experience led to a randomized trial for patients who by CT are staged to have resectable cancer of the pancreatic head with the intent to increase curative resectability and survival by neoadjuvant CRT (ISRCTN78805636/NCT00335543). © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Acinar cell carcinoma of the pancreas: An institutional series of resected patients and review of the current literature$$$ Acinar cell carcinoma (ACC) is a rare, malignant neoplasm with a generally poor prognosis. We report our institutional series of 14 patients with ACC to determine current guidelines for their evaluation and treatment. The Johns Hopkins pathology prospective database was reviewed from 1988 to 2006 to identify patients with pancreatic neoplasms possessing features of acinar cell differentiation. Retrospective review and follow-up was performed for each patient. Fourteen patients with ACC were identified with a median age of 57 years. All patients presented with abdominal pain or discomfort with none showing evidence of lipase hypersecretion syndrome. Each patient underwent surgical resection, including nine pancreaticoduodenectomies and five distal pancreatectomies. Median tumor size was 3.9 cm with 12 patients found to have stage IIB disease or worse. Four patients underwent neoadjuvant chemoradiation. Eight of the fourteen patients developed recurrent disease. Overall median survival and disease-free survival were 33 and 25 months, respectively, as compared to a median survival of 18 months for pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Acinar cell carcinomas are rare, aggressive neoplasms that are difficult to diagnose and treat. Operative resection represents the best first-line treatment. These lesions have a better prognosis than the more common pancreatic adenocarcinomas. © 2007 The Society for Surgery of the Alimentary Tract. ER  - 
Hepatocellular carcinoma: Current management and recent advances$$$ Background: Hepatocellular carcinox ia (HCC) is a major health problem worldwide. It is the fifth most common cancer in the world, and the third most common cause of cancer-related death. Without specific treatment, the prognosis is very poor. The goal of management is "cancer control - a reduction in its incidence and mortality as well as an improvement in the quality of life of patients with HCC and their families. This article aims to review the current management of HCC and its recent dvances. Data Sources: A MEDLINE database search was performed to identify relevant article using the keywords "hepatocellular carcinoma", "hepatectomy", "liver transplantation", and "local ablative therapy". Additional papers and book chapters were identified by a manual search of the references from the key articles. Results: Liver resection and liver transplantation remain the options that give the best chance of a cure. Recent evidence suggests that local ablative therapy may offer comparable survival results in patients with small HCC, and preserved liver function. Transarterial chemoembolization (TACE) is the most promising palliative modality for unresectable HCC, but other techniques, such as transarterial radioembolization (TARE), and local ablative therapy, have also shown comparable results. Conclusions: Early diagnosis of HCC remains a key goal in improving the prognosis of patients. During the last two decades, operative mortality and surgical outcome of liver resection and liver transplantation for HCC have improved. Progress also has been made in multi-modality therapy which can increase the chance of survival and improve the quality of life for patients with advanced HCC. © 2008, Hepatobiliary Pancreat Dis Int. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The role of chemotherapy in biliary tract carcinoma$$$ Cholangiocarcinoma is a rare malignancy associated with poor prognosis and high mortality. Surgical resection is the only chance for cure depending on careful patient selection. There are no well-conducted studies regarding the role of adjuvant chemotherapy. Preliminary data suggest that liver transplantation could offer long-term survival in selected patients when combined with neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy. The literature regarding treatment results with specific regimens in the adjuvant setting is limited and no general recommendation can be given. In patients with locally advanced or metastatic disease, most studies are small, non-randomized phase II trials, and many studies comprise a mix of bile duct cancers, gallbladder cancer, and either pancreatic or hepatocellular cancers. In metastatic cancer, phase II studies with several cytotoxics, including gemcitabine, the platinums, and the fluoropyrimidines, have shown a modest and often short-lasting activity. No single chemotherapy agent or combination regimen can therefore be recommended as a standard of care at present. In this review, we give an overview of chemotherapy in the adjuvant, neoadjuvant, and advanced settings. ER  - 
A case of effective treatment with chemosensitivity test-guided chemotherapy for advanced pancreatic and gastric cancer with peritoneal metastasis$$$ A 63-year-old man with abdominal pain was diagnosed as locally advanced pancreatic tail cancer and gastric cancer with peritoneal metastasis based on computed tomography (CT) and gastrointestinal series. Preoperative serum CA19- 9 was 1,357 U/mL. During laparotomy, peritoneal dissemination was observed and confirmed pathologically. An ileoileostomy was performed and peritoneal tissue was submitted to a chemosensitivity test. Based on the chemosensitivity test, CPT-11 (50 mg/body), 5-FU (750 mg/body), and Leucovorin (375 mg/body) were administered intravenously once a week for 3 weeks with a 1-week rest as 1 course. The patient received 9 courses of chemotherapy until progressive disease. Stable disease in tumor size was observed and serum CA19-9 level dropped to 81 U/mL. He remained well without any symptoms and pursued normal activity for 15 months. He died of peritoneal dissemination 26 months after diagnosis. Chemosensitivity test-guided chemotherapy seems to be an effective regimen as individualized chemotherapy for advanced pancreatic and gastric cancer. ER  - 
Preoperative platelet count and survival prognosis in resected pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma$$$ Background: High platelet counts are associated with an adverse effect on survival in various neoplastic entities. The prognostic relevance of preoperative platelet count in pancreatic cancer has not been clarified. Methods: We performed a retrospective review of 205 patients with ductal adenocarcinoma who underwent surgical resection between 1990 and 2003. Demographic, surgical, and clinicopathologic variables were collected. A cutoff of 300,000/μl was used to define high platelet count. Results: Of the 205 patients, 56 (27.4%) had a high platelet count, whereas 149 patients (72.6%) comprised the low platelet group. The overall median survival was 17 (2-178) months. The median survival of the high platelet group was 18 (2-137) months, and that of the low platelet group was 15 (2-178) months (p = 0.7). On multivariate analysis, lymph node metastasis, vascular invasion, positive margins, and CA 19-9 > 200 U/ml were all significantly associated with poor survival. Conclusions: There is no evidence to support preoperative platelet count as either an adverse or favorable prognostic factor in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. Use of 5-year actual survival data confirms that lymph node metastases, positive margins, vascular invasion, and CA 19-9 are predictors of poor survival in resected pancreatic cancer. © 2008 Société Internationale de Chirurgie. ER  - 
Targeted therapy for oesophageal cancer: An overview$$$ Oesophageal cancer (OC), is an aggressive cancer constituting a major cause of cancer-related deaths worldwide. Recent advances in surgical techniques, incorporation of new therapeutic approaches-adjuvant/neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy-and integration of new cytotoxic drugs into the management of oesophageal cancer have increased the response rate percentages to 40-50%, with minor impact on the overall survival. The need for an efficacious therapy with minimal toxicity along with a better understanding of molecular pathways of oesophageal carcinogenesis has led to the development of novel anticancer agents. These agents have targeted mechanisms of action such as: (1) inhibitors of the ErbB receptor family, (2) vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) inhibitors, (3) selective inhibitors of cycloxygenase-2, (4) matrix metalloproteinase inhibitors, (5) cell-cycle regulators, and (6) promoters of apoptosis. The incorporation of these agents into combined modality treatment schedules for advanced and early stage tumors together with the identification of patients who will most likely benefit will provide novel opportunities in the treatment of oesophageal cancer. © 2008 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC. ER  - 
Free-from-progression period and overall short preoperative immunotherapy with IL-2 increases the survival of pancreatic cancer patients treated with macroscopically radical surgery$$$ Background: The treatment of pancreatic cancer is still rudimentary, even in the case of locally limited tumors, because of the high frequency of recurrence due to severe suppression of the anticancer immunity that is further amplified by surgery-induced immunosuppression, evidenced by a decline in lymphocyte numbers during the postoperative period. Previous studies in colorectal cancer demonstrated that surgery-induced lymphocytopenia may be abrogated by a brief preoperative administration of IL-2. Materials and Methods: The study included 30 consecutive patients who were randomized to be treated by radical surgery alone as a control group or by a preoperative immunotherapy with IL-2 (12 MIU/day SC for 3 consecutive days) plus surgery. Results: Mean lymphocyte numbers significantly decreased in patients treated with surgery only, whereas it significantly rose in the IL-2-treated group. After a follow-up of 36 months, both the free-from-progression period (FFPP) and the overall survival were significantly higher in patients treated with IL-2. Conclusion: These preliminary results suggest that a short-period preoperative immunotherapy with IL-2 is sufficient to modify host tumor interactions in operable pancreatic cancer, with a subsequent abrogation of postoperative lymphocytopenia and a prolongation of FFPP and overall survival time. ER  - 
Biliary malignancy: Value of arterial, pancreatic, and hepatic phase imaging with multidetector-row computed tomography$$$ Objective: To assess the diagnostic value of arterial, pancreatic, and hepatic phase imaging with multidetector-row computed tomography of a bile duct malignancy. Methods: Our institutional review board approved this retrospective study and waived the requirement for informed consent. Forty-two patients with surgically proven hilar or extrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma, who underwent preoperative imaging with triple-phasic multidetector-row computed tomography, were included in this study. Images obtained during each phase were reviewed by 2 independent observers who assessed the tumor conspicuity and the biliary extent of the tumor and vascular invasion by the tumor. For quantitative analysis, another radiologist measured the tumor attenuation, the normal liver parenchyma, the aorta, and the main portal vein on each phase image. Results: The degree of tumor conspicuity was higher in the pancreatic and hepatic phases than in the arterial phase (P < 0.01); however, there was no statistical difference in tumor conspicuity between the pancreatic and hepatic phases (P > 0.05). The mean tumor attenuation was greater in the hepatic phase at 114.2 ± 24.6 Hounsfield units versus 72.9 ± 18.3 Hounsfield units in the arterial phase (P < 0.001). The images obtained in the hepatic phases were significantly superior to those obtained in the arterial phase for predicting the tumor involvement into the secondary biliary confluence (P < 0.05). In predicting for the vascular involvement by the tumors, there was no significant difference among the 3 enhancement phases (P > 0.05). Conclusions: Routine acquisition of arterial phase images is not necessary for successful detection and evaluation of the extent of hilar or extrahepatic bile duct carcinoma. © 2008 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Survival after pancreatectomy with major arterial resection and reconstruction$$$ Background: Absence of major arterial tumor involvement has generally been regarded as a major criterion for resectability of pancreatic tumors. We hypothesize that resection of a tumor-involved hepatic artery (HA) or celiac artery (CA) with reconstruction may offer a survival benefit to patients whose tumors were traditionally regarded as unresectable. Methods: All patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma treated between 1996 and 2007 were reviewed. Patients were included if they underwent resection of the HA or CA during pancreatectomy. Survival was analyzed by Kaplan-Meier survivor functions, Cox proportional hazard models, and the log rank test. Results: Twelve patients (six men and six women) with adenocarcinoma underwent pancreatectomy with resection of a tumor-involved HA (n = 2) and/or CA (n = 10). Median age at diagnosis was 62 years (range, 53-73 years). All patients completed neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy with or without full dose chemotherapy before resection. Procedures performed were six extended pancreaticoduodenectomies, two proximal subtotal pancreatectomies, two distal pancreatectomies, and two total pancreatectomies. Ten cases involved celiac resections, and two had isolated HA resections. The 60-day mortality was 17% (2 of 12). Median survival after diagnosis was 20 months (range, 6-41 months). Median survival after resection was 17 months (range, 1-36 months). Survival was not statistically significantly related to age, sex, margin status, or preoperative CA19-9 level. The 3-year survival was 17%. There were no 5-year survivors. Conclusions: Resection of the HA or CA with reconstruction may prolong survival for selected patients who undergo pancreatic resection after neoadjuvant therapy. However, this aggressive approach did not result in any long-term survivors in our series. © 2008 Society of Surgical Oncology. ER  - 
Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Cancer: The Importance of This Emerging Stage of Disease$$$ Background: Patients with borderline resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma (PA) include those with localized disease who have tumor or patient characteristics that preclude immediate surgery. There is no optimal treatment schema for this distinct stage of disease, so the role of surgery is undefined. Study Design: We defined patients with borderline resectable PA as fitting into one of three distinct groups. Group A comprised patients with tumor abutment of the visceral arteries or short-segment occlusion of the Superior Mesenteric Vein. In group B, patients had findings suggestive but not diagnostic of metastasis. Group C patients were of marginal performance status. Patients were treated initially with chemotherapy, chemoradiation, or both; those of sufficient performance status who completed preoperative therapy without disease progression were considered for surgery. Results: Between October 1999 and August 2006, 160 (7%) of 2,454 patients with PA were classified as borderline resectable. Of these, 125 (78%) completed preoperative therapy and restaging, and 66 (41%) underwent pancreatectomy. Vascular resection was required in 18 (27%) of 66 patients, and 62 (94%) underwent a margin-negative pancreatectomy. A partial pathologic response to induction therapy (< 50% viable tumor) was seen in 37 (56%) of 66 patients. Median survival was 40 months for the 66 patients who completed all therapy and 13 months for the 94 patients who did not undergo pancreatectomy (p < 0.001). Conclusions: This is the first large report of borderline resectable PA and includes objective definitions for this stage of disease. Our neoadjuvant approach allowed for identification of the marked subset of patients that was most likely to benefit from surgery, as evidenced by the favorable median survival in this group. © 2008 American College of Surgeons. ER  - 
Efficacy of preoperative radiochemotherapy in patients with locally advanced pancreatic carcinoma$$$ Background. The optimal care for patients with unresectable, non-metastatic pancreatic adenocarcinoma (PAC) is debated. We treated 17 consecutive cases with preoperative radiochemotherapy (RCT) as a means for downstaging their tumours and compared outcome with 35 patients undergoing direct surgery for primarily resectable PAC during the same time period. Methods. The patients had biopsy proven, unresectable, non-metastatic PAC which engaged ≥50% of the circumference of a patent mesenteric/portal vein for a distance ≥2 cm and/or <50% of the circumference of a central artery for <2 cm. The preop therapy included two courses of Xelox (oxaliplatin 130 mg/m2 d1; capecitabine 2 000 mg/m2 d1-14 q 3 w) followed by 3-D conformal radiotherapy (50.4 Gy; 1.8 Gy fractions) with reduced Xelox (d1-5 q 1 w X 6). Results. No incident of RCT-related CTC Grade 3-4 haematologic and six cases of non-haematologic side-effects were diagnosed. Sixteen patients completed the RCT and were rescanned with CT and reevaluated for surgery 4 weeks post-RCT. Five cases were diagnosed with new metastases to the liver. Eleven patients were accepted for surgery whereof eight underwent a curative R0-resection. The median overall survival for the latter group was 29 months, which compared favourably with our control group of patients undergoing direct curative surgery for primarily resectable PAC (median OS: 16 months; RO-rate: 75%). Perioperative morbidity was similar in the two cohorts but the duration of surgery was longer (576 vs. 477 min) and the op blood loss was greater (3288 vs. 1460 ml) in the RCT-cohort (p < 0.05). The 30-day mortality was zero in both groups. Conclusion. Preoperative RCT in patients with locally advanced PAC resulted in a high rate of curative resections and promising median survival in our treatment series. This trimodality approach merits further exploration in new studies, which are currently underway at our Department. © 2008 Taylor & Francis. ER  - 
Single-nucleotide polymorphisms of DNA damage response genes are associated with overall survival in patients with pancreatic cancer$$$ Purpose: The goals of this study were to determine if single-nucleotide polymorphisms in DNA damage repair genes and cell cycle regulating genes affect clinical response to combined gemcitabine radiation therapy and the overall survival (OS) of patients with pancreatic cancer. Experimental Design: We evaluated six single-nucleotide polymorphisms of the ATM, ATM and Rad3-related (ATR), CHEK1, and CHEK2 genes in 119 patients with potentially resectable pancreatic cancer who were enrolled in clinical trials at The University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center from February 1999 to January 2006, with follow-up until February 2007. Patients received neoadjuvant concurrent gemcitabine and radiation therapy with or without gemcitabine-cisplatin induction therapy. Genotypes were determined and tested for associations with OS by Kaplan-Meier estimation, the log-rank test, and Cox regression analysis. P values of ≤0.05 were considered significant. Results: The ATM G60A and CHEK1 G35A genotypes were significant (P < 0.05), andth e ATR C340T genotype borderline significantly (P = 0.079) associated with OS. The hazard ratio of CHEK1 35AA was 2.01 (95% confidence interval, 1.20-3.37; P = 0.007) compared with CHEK1 35GG/GA with adjustments for race, sex, diabetes status, CA19-9 level, and success of tumor resection. A significant combined genotype effect was observed between ATM 60GA/GG, ATR 340CT/CC, and CHEK1 35AA with median OS times of 31.0, 16.2, and 10.5 months for patients carrying V1, 2, and 3 deleterious alleles, respectively (P = 0.004). Conclusions: These observations suggest that polymorphic variations of DNA damage response genes affect clinical response to gemcitabine radiation therapy and OS of patients with resectable pancreatic cancer. © 2008 American Association for Cancer Research. ER  - 
PET and PET/CT for Pancreatic Malignancies$$$ FDG PET imaging is useful for preoperative diagnosis of pancreatic carcinoma in patients with suspected pancreatic cancer in whom CT fails to identify a discrete tumor mass or in whom FNAs are nondiagnostic. FDG PET imaging is useful for M staging and restaging by detecting CT occult metastatic disease, allowing noncurative resection to be avoided in this group of patients. FDG PET can differentiate post-therapy changes from recurrence and holds promise for monitoring neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy. The technique is less useful in periampullary carcinoma and marginally helpful in staging except for M staging. As with other malignancies, FDG PET is complementary to morphologic imaging with CT, therefore, integrated PET/CT imaging provides optimal images for interpretation and thus more optimal patient care. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Intraoperative Radiation Therapy in Resected Pancreatic Carcinoma: Long-Term Analysis$$$ Purpose: The combination of external radiotherapy (RT) plus intraoperative radiotherapy (IORT) in patients with pancreatic cancer is still debated. This study presents long-term results (minimum follow-up, 102 months) for 26 patients undergoing integrated adjuvant RT (external RT + IORT). Methods and Materials: From 1990 to 1995, a total of 17 patients with pancreatic cancer underwent IORT (10 Gy) and postoperative external RT (50.4 Gy). Preoperative "flash" RT was included for the last 9 patients. The liver and pancreatic head received 5 Gy (two 2.5-Gy fractions) the day before surgery. In the subsequent period (1996-1998), 9 patients underwent preoperative concomitant chemoradiation (39.6 Gy) with 5-fluorouracil, IORT (10 Gy), and adjuvant chemotherapy. Results: Preoperative chemoradiation was completed in all patients, whereas postoperative therapy was completed in 13 of 17 patients. All 26 patients underwent pancreatectomy (25 R0 and one R1 resections). One patient died of postoperative complications (3.8%) not related to IORT. The 9 patients undergoing concomitant chemoradiation were candidates for adjuvant chemotherapy; however, only 4 of 9 underwent adjuvant chemotherapy. At last follow-up, 4 patients (15.4%) were alive and disease free. Disease recurrence was documented in 20 patients (76.9%). Sixteen patients (61.5%) showed distant metastasis, and 5 patients (19.2%) showed local recurrence. The incidence of local recurrence in R0 patients was 4 of 25 (16.0%). The overall 5-year survival rate was 15.4%. There was significant correlation with overall survival of tumor diameter (p = 0.019). Conclusions: The incidence of local recurrence in this long follow-up series (19.2%) was definitely less than that reported in other studies of adjuvant RT (∼50%), suggesting a positive impact on local control of integrated adjuvant RT (IORT + external RT). © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Role of Adjuvant Chemoradiation Therapy in Adenocarcinomas of the Ampulla of Vater$$$ Purpose: The role of adjuvant chemoradiation therapy (CRT) in the treatment of ampullary cancers remains undefined. We retrospectively compared treatment outcomes in patients treated with pancreaticoduodenectomy alone versus those who received additional adjuvant CRT. Methods and Materials: Between May 1990 and January 2006, 54 of 96 patients with ampullary adenocarcinoma who underwent potentially curative pancreaticoduodenectomy also received adjuvant CRT. The median preoperative radiation dose was 45 Gy (range, 30-50.4 Gy) and median postoperative dose was 50.4 Gy (range, 45-55.8 Gy). Concurrent chemotherapy included primarily 5-fluorouracil (52%) and capecitabine (43%). Median follow-up was 31 months. Univariate and multivariate statistical methodologies were used to determine significant prognostic factors for local control (LC), distant control (DC), and overall survival (OS). Results: Actuarial 5-year LC, DC, and OS were 77%, 69%, and 64%, respectively. On univariate analysis, age, gender, race/ethnicity, tumor grade, use of adjuvant treatment, and sequencing of adjuvant therapy were not significantly associated with LC, DC, or OS. However, on univariate analysis, T3/T4 tumor stage was prognostic for poorer LC and OS (p = 0.02 and p < 0.001, respectively); node-positive disease was prognostic for poorer LC (p = 0.03). On multivariate analysis, T3/T4 tumor stage was independently prognostic for decreased OS (p = 0.002). Among these patients (n = 34), those who received adjuvant CRT had a trend toward improved OS (median, 35.2 vs. 16.5 months; p = 0.06). Conclusions: Ampullary cancers have a distinctly better treatment outcome than pancreatic adenocarcinomas. Higher primary tumor stage (T3/T4), an independent adverse risk factor for poorer treatment outcomes, may warrant the addition of adjuvant CRT to pancreaticoduodenectomy. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant and adjuvant strategies for pancreatic cancer$$$ Pancreatic cancer is one of the major causes of cancer death. The majority of patients present with advanced disease and only 10-15% of patients can undergo resection. Survival after curative surgery is poor, as recurrences occur either locally or in the liver. Adjuvant therapy aims to improve survival and control systemic disease. Based on the results from the ESPAC-1 and Oettle studies, there is a significant survival advantage with 5-fluorouracil/folinic acid and a survival advantage trend with gemcitabine compared to surgery alone. The survival advantage of adjuvant chemotherapy is still observed when incorporated into an individual patient data meta-analysis. Based on the EORTC and ESPAC-1 trial results there is no significant evidence for the use of adjuvant chemoradiation. The use of chemoradiation with follow on chemotherapy, has not been shown to be superior to chemotherapy alone based on the results of the underpowered 1987 GITSG study and a recent combination study from the USA. The standard of care for adjuvant therapy based on level I evidence (from the ESPAC-1 trial) is postoperative chemotherapy using 5-fluorouracil with folinic acid providing a best estimate of 29% 5-year survival. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Chemoradiation followed by chemotherapy before resection for borderline pancreatic adenocarcinoma$$$ Background: For patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer, preoperative chemoradiation and standalone chemotherapy may allow for R0 resection and improved survival. Methods: A retrospective review of patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer treated with preoperative chemoradiation and standalone chemotherapy was undertaken. Clinical variables, including disease-free and overall survival, were collected. Univariate analysis was used to identify factors impacting survival. Results: Thirteen patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer were treated with preoperative chemoradiation and chemotherapy. Morbidity and mortality were 38% and 0. There were 2 R1 and 11 R0 resections. Nine patients are alive with a median follow-up of 20 months. Five patients recurred at a median of 4 months. Tumor fibrosis ≤60% was associated with recurrence and poor survival. Conclusions: Preoperative chemoradiation and chemotherapy allow a select group of patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer to undergo an R0 or R1 resection with acceptable morbidity and mortality. Tumor response may be associated with survival. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Mature results of neoadjuvant chemotherapy followed by radiotherapy in nasopharyngeal cancer: Is it really old fashioned?$$$ Nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) is known as a radiosensitive and chemosensitive tumor. The interest in neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NACT) has been refreshed in recent years due to promising results with more effective chemotherapeutic agents in head and neck tumors. The aim of this retrospective study is to evaluate the long-term toxicity and efficacy of NACT followed by radiotherapy (RT). From January 1995 to December 2002, 73 NPC patients were consecutively treated at Ege University Medical School Department of Radiation Oncology and the results were analyzed retrospectively. The NACT consisted of cisplatin 100 mg/m2/day and epirubicine 100 mg/m2/day, every 3 weeks. External radiotherapy by conventional fractionation was delivered 3 weeks after NACT. Response evaluated after NACT followed by radiotherapy showed 75% complete response (CR) rate. After a median follow-up time of 74 months, 32 relapses were noted. Most of the local failures were observed in 2 years (median 17 months) and the most common site for distant failure was bone. A total of 27 deaths had occurred due to uncontrolled disease. Xerostomia, soft tissue fibrosis and loss of sensorineural hearing were the most common long-term side effects. Only one treatment related death was observed and this patient died due to temporal lobe necrosis 22 months after the radiotherapy. The 5-year disease-free, distant metastasis-free and overall survival rates were 58, 77 and 68%, respectively. Current study showed that NACT with cisplatin and epirubicine followed by radiotherapy provided promising results with low toxicity in NPC patients. © 2007 Humana Press Inc. ER  - 
An unusual case of synchronous lymphoma and adenocarcinoma occurring as a collision tumour in the stomach - A case report$$$ The occurrence of malignant gastric lymphoma and adenocarcinoma in the same patient is very rare. Here we report a case of synchronous gastric carcinoma and gastric lymphoma with a follicular growth pattern associated in a 73-year-old man. Preliminary diagnosis gastric tumour was suggested so laparotomy was performed for the purpose of treatment resection of the stomach. In the operation field, there was a main lesion spreading through the whole of the stomach and additional multiple lymph node enlargements at the hepato-duodenal, retro-pancreatic and the para-aortic lymph nodes. A short-term intraoperative examination of one of the metastatic lymph nodes showed lymphoma of the stomach. Palliative total gastrectomy Roux-en-Y was performed. Finally the pathology of the specimen revealed two different collided tumours: adenocarcinoma solidum and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma malignum with follicular growth pattern. Following surgery and chemotherapy, the patient is now in a disease progress state. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant treatment for pancreatic cancer-A review$$$ Pancreatic cancer is associated with a poor prognosis. While surgical resection is the only treatment that holds the potential of cure, a minority of patients are surgical candidates. Despite surgery, the overall survival rates remain low. Neoadjuvant treatment has been investigated both in the setting of resectable disease at diagnosis, or in an attempt to downstage locally advanced disease for resection. Single institution studies of neoadjuvant chemoradiation have demonstrated favourable outcomes, compared to similar series of patients treated with surgery with or without adjuvant therapy. For unresectable disease, partial or complete responses have been observed which have allowed some patients to subsequently undergo resection. The reports of neoadjuvant therapy for pancreatic cancer are heterogeneous with regards to patient population, treatment methods and modalities, making comparisons of different regimens inherently flawed. To date, no randomized controlled trials of neoadjuvant therapy have been conducted, however given the positive outcomes of single institutional series of neoadjuvant therapy this approach is worthy of further study. © 2007. ER  - 
Effect of Neoadjuvant Therapy on Local Recurrence after Resection of Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma$$$ Background: It is unknown whether neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy, compared with adjuvant chemoradiotherapy, decreases the rate of local recurrence after resection of pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Study Design: This is a retrospective case review of 102 patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma who underwent pancreatic resection between 1993 and 2005. Results: Of 102 patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma who underwent surgical resection, 19 (19%) had no additional treatment, 41 (40%) underwent adjuvant chemoradiotherapy, and 42 (41%) were treated preoperatively with neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy. Patients selected to receive neoadjuvant therapy were more likely to have locally advanced tumors. Based on initial CT scan, the percentage of patients with unresectable or borderline resectable tumors in the neoadjuvant group was 67%, compared with 22% in the adjuvant group. Nevertheless, patients receiving neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy were less likely to have a local recurrence develop than patients receiving adjuvant chemoradiotherapy (5% versus 34%, p = 0.02). For those patients with tumors determined to be resectable on initial CT scan, local recurrences were observed in 31% (10 of 32) of patients in the adjuvant therapy group, compared with only 7% (1 of 14) of the neoadjuvant group. Intraoperative radiation therapy, administered to 51% of patients, was not associated with a lower rate of local recurrence. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy is associated with improved local tumor control in patients undergoing resection for pancreatic carcinoma. © 2008 American College of Surgeons. ER  - 
Treatment of unresectable locally advanced pancreatic cancer with combined radiotherapy and chemotherapy$$$ INTRODUCTION: Only 10-20% of patients with pancreatic cancer are offered operation with curative intent. If this is not possible, treatment with pre-operative radiotherapy in combination with chemotherapy offers the opportunity to reduce tumor size in patients with locally advanced disease, and possibly resection with curative intent afterwards. This treatment has been offered for the last three years at the Department of Oncology, Odense University Hospital. In the following we present our results. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 26 patients with locally advanced unresectable pancreatic cancer were offered a combination of radiotherapy and chemotherapy. 4-6 weeks after treatment the patients were evaluated for resection. RESULTS: Of the 26 patients 24 completed planned treatment. Eight patients were subsequently assessed resectable. One patient refused surgery; the other 7 patients had a R0-resection. Median survival for the whole group is 12 months. Six of the patients who went through surgery are without signs of recurrent disease after median 16 months, one patient died with recurrent disease after 37 months. CONCLUSION: These results are similar to results from other countries. Therefore patients with locally advanced unresectable pancreatic cancer should be offered radiotherapy in combination with chemotherapy. Evaluation for surgery should be carried out 4-6 weeks after end of treatment. This strategy offers the opportunity for R0-recection and consequently cure. ER  - 
Cetuximab, its clinical use and future perspectives$$$ Increase in the expression of epidermal growth factor receptors (EGFRs) has been observed in many tumours. EGFR overexpression usually correlates with a more advanced stage of the disease, a poorer prognosis and a worse chemotherapy response. For all the aforementioned reasons, EGFR inhibition can be considered an attractive approach in cancer treatment. One strategy has been extracellular domain receptor inhibition, using monoclonal antibodies. In this review, we summarize the current status as well as what is likely to be the future use of monoclonal antibodies directed against EGFR. We have focussed on cetuximab being the most developed one. It has been mainly studied in colorectal cancer, and the major portion of this review will focus on all the research that has been carried out on this tumour. Clinical development of cetuximab is also important in head and neck cancer and in lung cancer. Interesting studies have been carried out in pancreatic, gastric, oesophageal and ovarian tumours, as well as in malignant gliomas. © 2008 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Indications for body MRI. Part I. Upper abdomen and renal imaging$$$ The lack of ionizing radiation use in MRI makes the high spatial resolution technique very appealing. Also, the easy access to multiplanar imaging and the fact that gadolinium-DTPA is well tolerated and not nephrotoxic makes MRI a robust alternative in the healthy as well as the renal compromised patient. Furthermore, MRI adds advanced possibility for tissue characterization and pathology detection and dynamic imaging can be performed. Specific contrast agents specific to the hepatobiliary or the reticuloendothelial system can help with additional information in problem cases. The role of MRI for different organs is discussed and a review of the literature is given. We concluded that MRI is considered a useful and non-invasive diagnostic tool for the detection of hepatic iron concentration, to correct misdiagnosis (pseudolesions) from US and CT in focal steatosis and to help with focal lesion detection and characterization, in the healthy and especially in the cirrhotic liver, where MRI is superior to CT. Moreover, MRCP is excellent for identifying the presence and the level of biliary obstruction in malignant invasion and is considered in the literature as a non-invasive screening tool for common bile duct stones, appropriately selecting candidates for preoperative ERCP and sparing others the need for an endoscopic procedure with its associated complications. MRI is the first choice modality for adrenal evaluation in contemporary medical imaging. It is a useful examination in renal as well as splenic pathology and best assesses loco-regional staging, i.e. arterial involvement in pancreatic cancer. © 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pancreaticoduodenectomy with radical lymphadenectomy is not contraindicated for patients with established chronic liver disease and portal hypertension$$$ Background: Chronic liver disease has been considered a contraindication to radical surgery for intra-abdominal tumors because of the risk of decompensation. Methods: In a retrospective analysis of all patients undergoing pancreaticoduodenectomy for cancer treated from January 2000 to December 2006 at our center, 4 patients were identified with operable pancreatic tumors and well-compensated chronic liver disease. The preoperative staging, decompression of the biliary tree, liver biopsy, Child-Turcot-Pugh and MELD scores were described. Results: All patients underwent pancreaticoduodenectomy successfully with minimal blood loss, and no perioperative blood transfusions or liver decompensation. There was no postoperative mortality. Two patients received adjuvant chemotherapy. One patient died with recurrent disease at 18 months, one is alive with disease recurrence, and two are alive and disease free. Conclusion: Patients with pancreatic cancer and well-compensated chronic liver disease should routinely be considered for radical surgery at specialist hepatobiliary centres with expertise available to manage complex liver disease. © 2008, Hepatobiliary Pancreat Dis Int. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Unusual causes of extrahepatic biliary obstruction in children: A case series with review of literature$$$ This paper highlights the etiology, diagnosis, management and outcome in nine unusual cases of extrahepatic biliary obstruction in children. Extrahepatic biliary atresia and choledochal cyst constituted 127 out of 136 (93%) cases of all pediatric surgical biliary disorders managed between March 2000 and February 2007 at the reporting centre. However, nine children (aged 1.5-15 years) presented with uncommon causes like (1) idiopathic benign non-traumatic inflammatory stricture (n = 3), (2) idiopathic fibrosing chronic pancreatitis (n = 2), (3) post-cholecystectomy type 4 benign biliary stricture (n = 1), (4) post-acute pancreatitis pseudo-cyst of pancreas (n = 1), (5) non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL) with extramural common bile duct compression and gall bladder perforation (n = 1), and (6) Langerhan cell histiocytosis (LCH, n = 1). The clinical features and the diagnostic work up of each group are discussed. A preoperative endoscopic/percutaneous biliary drainage was required in four children because of cholangitis at presentation. A biliary-enteric anastomosis was performed for all seven children in groups (1)-(4). The patients with NHL and LCH were referred for chemotherapy after establishing tissue diagnosis at laparotomy. With a follow-up period of 3 months to 7 years, seven children (with the exception of patients with NHL and LCH) are currently anicteric. This paper draws attention to some infrequently discussed causes of extrahepatic biliary obstruction in children. The management entails a carefully planned combination of endoscopic interventions, interventional radiology and surgery. The outcome in benign cases is usually satisfactory. © 2007 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Surgical management of pancreatic cancer$$$ Pancreatic cancer is a major problematic concern among all forms of gastrointestinal malignancies because of its poor prognosis. Although significant progress has been made in the surgical treatment in terms of increased resection rate and decreased treatment-related morbidity and mortality, the true survival rate still remains below 5% today. Surgical options for pancreatic cancer are based on the its unique anatomy and physiology, catastrophic tumor biology, experience of surgeon, and status of patients. Four main options exist for the surgical treatment of pancreatic cancer. These include standard "Whipple" pancreaticoduodenectomy (PD), pylorus preserving PD (PPPD), distal pancreatectomy (left-side pancreatectomy), and total pancreatectomy according to the location of tumor. Portal vein involvement by tumor is regarded as an anatomical extension of disease, and en bloc resection of portal vein with tumor is recommended if technically feasible, which is stated in 2002 AJCC tumor staging for pancreatic cancer. In comparison of the survival rates between standard and extended resection of pancreatic head cancer, no significant survival benefit was demonstrated from the prospective reports. PPPD may be superior to standard PD in respect to nutrition and quality of life without any deleterious effect upon long term survival or tumor recurrence. New surgical treatment modalities including modified extended pancreatectomy, neoadjuvant chemotherapy, and radical antegrade modular distal pancreatectomy have been tried to improve the patients' survival. However, early diagnosis and treatment remain as key factors for the cure of pancreatic cancer irrespective of various surgical trials. ER  - 
Chemotherapy for pancreatic cancer$$$ Chemotherapy is expected to play an important role in the treatment of pancreatic cancer because most of pancreatic cancers are being discovered at locally advanced or metastatic stages and recurrence rate is high even after the curative resection. Gemcitabine is a key agent for the first-line therapy of advanced pancreatic cancer. It can enhance the quality of life and prolong the survival of patients. Combination of erlotinib or capecitabine with gemcitabine showed a marginal survival benefit over single-agent gemcitabine. If patient's performance state is good, gemcitabine-based platinum combination therapy showed overall survival benefit compared with gemcitabine monothrapy. If the first-line palliative chemotherapy fails, 5-FU, capcitabine, or tegafur with or without combination can be used as the second-line agents. Adjuvant chemotherapy using 5-FU or gemcitabine after curative resection has overall survival benefit. However, neoadjuvant chemotherapy has not been proven to be effective in the treatment of pancreatic cancer. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant and adjuvant strategies for chemoradiation.$$$ There is an increasing body of evidence showing that patients with resectable pancreatic cancer might benefit from adjuvant therapy. Based on phase III trials, potential options for adjuvant treatment are chemotherapy alone or a multimodal approach involving radiotherapy. Available data are heterogeneous and have been discussed controversially. Hitherto, a worldwide standard of care has not yet been established. Adequate patient selection might be the key element for a tailored adjuvant treatment. Clinical research currently focusses on gemcitabine alone or in combination, and some molecular biologic approaches with epidermal growth factor receptor monoclonal antibodies (EGFR-MoABs) and anti-angiogenic drugs. Recent advances in radiooncology offer better dose conformality and reduced morbidities. Currently, the co-operative Radiotherapy and Gastrointestinal Groups have launched a multicentric European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) trial investigating the impact of radiotherapy in combination with gemcitabine in R0-resected pancreatic head cancer. ER  - 
Adjuvant therapy for pancreatic cancer: A review$$$ Pancreatic cancer is uniformly fatal unless it can be surgically resected. Survival rates for the 15% to 20% of patients who have resectable disease, however, are a disappointing 10% to 30%, depending on the status of margins and surrounding lymph nodes. In the mid-1980s, a landmark study by the Gastrointestinal Tumor Study Group was the first to demonstrate a survival benefit from adjuvant therapy in the form of chemoradiation. Since then, several studies in both North America and Europe have tested the role of adjuvant chemotherapy or chemoradiation in pancreatic cancer, and the results have stirred great controversy. For this review, the evidence for adjuvant therapy in pancreatic cancer was examined, and the significant practice differences that exist between North American and European oncologists were highlighted. The authors investigated the results from the European Study Group for Pancreatic Cancer-1 trial and the reasons why that study has served to reinforce rather than resolve these trans-Atlantic differences. They also reviewed preliminary data from more recent adjuvant trials and explored the possible benefits of a neoadjuvant approach. © 2007 American Cancer Society. ER  - 
The role of radiotherapy in the treatment of pancreatic cancer$$$ Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma remains one of the most feared malignancies of the gastrointestinal tract with a 5-year survival rate of 0.4 to 4 percent. Because of this dismal prognosis, it is one of the top four causes of cancer death in the Western world. Pancreaticoduodenectomy has been considered the mainstay of treatment for patients who are supposed to have localized disease. Surgical resection of the tumor is associated with an improved 5-year survival ranging from 10 to 30%. Therefore studies over the past 30 years have largely focused on improving outcomes through (neo)adjuvant therapy, by decreasing the high local-regional recurrence rates observed in patients treated with surgery alone and by improving survival. The understanding that pancreatic cancer is a systemic disease at diagnosis in almost all patients underscores the need for a multimodal approach of patient care. Adjuvant chemotherapy with 5-fluorouracil, as well as with gemcitabine, for six months has been proven to prolong overall as well as disease free survival significantly. The role of adjuvant chemoradiation remains controversial given the contradictory results obtained. Neoadjuvant chemoradiation is an attractive concept in resectable pancreatic cancer and, potentially, in locally advanced pancreatic cancer. Although the results of this approach appear promising for both disease stages, they have to be confirmed in randomized phase III trials. Questions remain about the role of new targeted therapies and the use of a more effective chemotherapy. In this article, the current status of the (neoadjuvant treatment for pancreatic cancer is reviewed. In order to advance and make progress, further clinical trials are warranted, while patients should be encouraged to participate in well-designed clinical trials to increase the evidence-based knowledge. ER  - 
Primary advanced unresectable pancreatic cancer.$$$ Median as well as overall survival of pancreatic cancer patients in the advanced stage is extremely low despite advances in cancer therapy regarding tumor cell biology, therapy resistance, and diagnosis. In matters of chemoradiation therapy (CRT) in locally advanced pancreatic cancer, favorable positive effect has been reached with different radiotherapy proceedings such as intraoperative radiation therapy with or without external chemo-/radiation therapy or with CRT alone with regard to local tumor pain, local tumor remission, or local control of disease and overall survival. Primary (chemo-) radiation therapy only rarely leads to local remission. Intraoperative radiation therapy (IORT) merely reaches pain palliation in most cases. By administering up-to-date primary CRT, especially with gemcitabine-associated CRT, local remission in up to 50% of patients can be observed. By applying neoadjuvant CRT, better resectability and the reduction of postoperative positive lymph node metastasis has been seen in patients with resectable or possibly resectable pancreatic cancer. With primary CRT, resectability can also be achieved in patients with primary unresectable pancreatic cancer. It has been shown at the evaluation of patients' progression samples--either treated with neoadjuvant or primarily with radiotherapy (with conventional radiation technique)--that the rate of local recurrence or local progression can be reduced in comparison with historical cohorts. By contrast, the rate on distant metastases was not affected. Whereas concurrent CRT leads to favorable local tumor control, this procedure has a minor effect as to the survival in most of the studies. Because metastases occur mostly out of the irradiation field and because of partly advanced local tumor progression, the concept of combined CRT with continuing chemotherapy was developed. Median survival of pancreatic patients in the advanced stage is approx. 3-5 months, with a 12-month survival probability of 10% despite advances in cancer therapy. On the other hand, the 5-year survival probability is 0.4%-3.0%. The causes of such a dismal prognosis can be understood first of all in the commonly late diagnosis, second in the aggressive tumor cell biology with continuing therapy resistance, and finally because an acceptable resection rate can be achieved only in specialized centers. Only 10%-15% of patients can be resected after the diagnosis of pancreatic cancer. Resection is considered a potential curative therapy. However, median survival of these patients amounts to only 13-18 months, with a 5-year survival of 10%-20%. The survival rate did not improve with a radical resection and extended lymphadenectomy. Furthermore, 15%-30% of primary nonmetastatic pancreatic cancer is unresectable due to extended vessel infiltration at time of diagnosis. The prognosis for these patients is very dismal due to lack of specific therapy; moreover, median overall survival is a maximum of 6-8 months. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant chemotherapy and radiation for patients with locally unresectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma: feasibility, efficacy, and survival$$$ We evaluated the feasibility and efficacy of neoadjuvant chemotherapy and radiation for patients with locally unresectable pancreatic cancer. From October 2000 to August 2006, 245 patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma underwent surgical exploration at our institution. Of these, 78 patients (32%) had undergone neoadjuvant therapy for initially unresectable disease, whereas the remaining patients (serving as the control group) were explored at presentation (n∈=∈167). All neoadjuvant patients received gemcitabine-based chemotherapy, often in conjunction with docetaxal and capecitabine in a regimen called GTX (81%). Seventy-five percent of neoadjuvant patients also received preoperative abdominal radiation (5,040 rad). Neoadjuvant patients were younger than control-group patients (60.8 vs 66.2 years, respectively, p∈<∈0.002). Seventy-six percent of neoadjuvant patients were resected as compared to 83% of control patients (NS). Concomitant vascular resection was required in 76% of neoadjuvant patients but only 20% of NS (p∈<∈0.01). Complications were more frequent in the neoadjuvant group (44.1 vs 30.9%, p∈<∈0.05), and mortality was higher (10.2 vs 2.9%, p∈<∈0.03). Among the neoadjuvant patients, all but one of the deaths were in patients that underwent arterial reconstruction. Mortality for patients undergoing a standard pancreatectomy without vascular resection was 0.8% in this series. Of patients resected, negative margins were achieved in 84.7% of neoadjuvant patients and 72.7% of NS. Within the cohort of neoadjuvant patients, radiation significantly increased the complication rate (13.3 vs 54.6%, p∈<∈0.006), but did not affect median survival (512 vs 729 days, NS). Median survival for patients who received neoadjuvant therapy (503 days) was longer than NS that were found to be unresectable at surgery (192 days, p∈<∈0.001) and equivalent to NS that were resected (498 days). Resection rate, margin status, and median survivals were equivalent when neoadjuvant patients were compared to patients considered resectable by traditional criteria, demonstrating equal efficacy. Surgical resection with venous reconstruction following neoadjuvant therapy for patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer can be performed with acceptable morbidity and mortality. This approach extended the boundaries of surgical resection and greatly increased median survival for the "inoperable" patient with advanced pancreatic cancer. © 2007 The Society for Surgery of the Alimentary Tract. ER  - 
Survival in pancreatic carcinoma based on tumor size$$$ OBJECTIVES: The size of pancreatic tumors that can be diagnosed by preoperative imaging continues to decrease because advances in diagnostic imaging. Several surgical series have suggested that survival is better in tumors 20 mm or smaller (vs tumors >20 mm), but the incremental benefit of diagnosing progressively smaller tumors from 30 mm (currently, the average size of pancreatic tumor at diagnosis) to 20 mm or smaller is not known. We investigated survival and resectability as tumor size increased from 20 mm or smaller to 30 mm or larger. METHODS: This is a retrospective analysis of consecutive patients with pancreatic cancer, who underwent endoscopic ultrasound-guided fine-needle aspiration at MD Anderson Cancer Center between December 2000 and December 2001. Tumor size was based on the combination of endoscopic ultrasound and computed tomography imaging. RESULTS: The median (±SE) for tumors 20 mm or smaller, 21 to 25 mm, 26 to 30 mm and larger than 30 mm was 17.2 ± 8.2, 12.3 ± 4.9, 8.5 ± 3.6, and 7.6 ± 1.2 months (P = 0.021), respectively. Tumors were resectable in 10 (83%) of 12 tumors 20 mm or smaller, 8 (67%) of 12 tumors 21 to 25 mm, 5 (36%) of 14 of tumors 26 to 30 mm, and 2 (7%) of 27 tumors larger than 30 mm (P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: A dramatic change in survival occurs as the size of pancreatic tumor increases from 20 mm or smaller to 30 mm or larger. To be effective, future strategies for early diagnosis of pancreatic cancer should aim at diagnosing most pancreatic cancers before they are 20 mm in size. © 2008 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant chemoradiation in patients with potentially resectable pancreatic cancer$$$ OBJECTIVES: To retrospectively evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of 5-fluorouracil and low-dose cisplatin (FP)-based preoperative concurrent chemoradiotherapy (PCRT) and gemcitabine (GEM)-based PCRT in patients with potentially resectable pancreatic cancer. METHODS: Between December 2000 and December 2004, 32 patients with potentially resectable pancreatic cancer were treated with PCRT. All patients received external beam radiotherapy (total dose of 40 Gy) for 4 weeks. Concurrently, chemotherapy was performed intravenously with continuous 5-fluorouracil 200 mg/m/d and intermittent cisplatin bolus 3 to 6 mg/m/d for 4 weeks (Arm FP-PCRT, n = 14) or weekly GEM 400 mg/m for 3 weeks (Arm GEM-PCRT, n = 18). The patients were restaged 3 to 4 weeks after the end of PCRT and explored for resection in cases without distant metastases. RESULTS: The 3-year survival rates and median survival were 29.4% and 20.5 months for the resected patients (n = 24) and 0% and 5.5 months for unresected patients (n = 8), respectively (P < 0.0001). The 1-, 2-, 3-year survival rates and median survival were 87.5%, 62.5%, 33.3%, and 26 months for the resected patients treated with FP-PCRT and 75%, 40%, 26.7%, and 19.9 months for the resected patients treated with GEM-PCRT (respectively; P = not significant). Most of the toxicities of both regimens were slight and were in grade1 to 2. Grade 1 to 3 leukopenia (43% vs 100%) and thrombocytopenia (0% vs 39%) were significantly different between the FP-PCRT and GEM-PCRT patients. CONCLUSIONS: The PCRT regimens in this article enabled selection of 24 of 32 patients for surgery and resulted in encouraging survival results and acceptable toxicities. © 2008 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Flowcharts for the management of biliary tract and ampullary carcinomas$$$ No strategies for the diagnosis and treatment of biliary tract carcinoma have been clearly described. We developed flowcharts for the diagnosis and treatment of biliary tract carcinoma on the basis of the best clinical evidence. Risk factors for bile duct carcinoma are a dilated type of pancreaticobiliary maljunction (PBM) and primary sclerosing cholangitis. A nondilated type of PBM is a risk factor for gallbladder carcinoma. Symptoms that may indicate biliary tract carcinoma are jaundice and pain in the upper right area of the abdomen. The first step of diagnosis is to carry out blood biochemistry tests and ultrasonography (US) of the abdomen. The second step of diagnosis is to find the local extension of the carcinoma by means of computed tomography (CT), magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography (MRCP), percutaneous transhepatic cholangiography (PTC), and endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP). Because resection is the only way to completely cure biliary tract carcinoma, the indications for resection are determined first. In patients with resectable disease, the indications for biliary drainage or portal vein embolization (PVE) are checked. In those with nonresectable disease, biliary stenting, chemotherapy, radiotherapy, and/or best supportive care is selected. © Springer Japan 2008. ER  - 
Planoepitheliale cell carcinoma arising from ampullo-pancreatic unit$$$ Background: We report a case of planoepitheliale cell carcinoma located in the ampulla of Vater. We report the surgical results and pathological findings of a patient with an ampullary planoepitheliale cell carcinoma. From what we know it is the first case with successful surgical treatment. Case Report: A 58-year-old woman who presented with jaundice and preoperative endoscopic and radiological procedures could not show whether the tumour was carcinoma planoepitheliale. The clinical presentation, biochemical, radiographic and endoscopic investigation pronounced advanced pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Results: We performed pancreaticoduodenectomy with curative intension. Histological examination revealed: planoepitheliale cell carcinoma of the ampullo-pancreatic unit. Conclusions: In conclusion, preoperative endoscopic and radiological evaluations can all prove insufficient to distinguish between benign and malignant tumour. Thus, for malignant tumours surgeons may be forced to perform extensive surgery. ER  - 
PET in gastroenterological oncology$$$ In the preoperative staging of esophagus/gastroesophageal cancer, FDG-PET demonstrates better diagnostic accuracy than CT and endoscopic sonography for the detection of distant metastases and for lymph node metastases that are not located in vicinity of the primary tumor. However, FDG-PET is not suitable for preoperative staging of locoregional lymph nodes. For the follow-up and restaging of these patients, FDG-PET is able to add important diagnostic information, except for the region of the anastomosis. A prospective phase II study shows evidence that a prognostically relevant therapy monitoring can be performed by FDG-PET as early as 2 weeks after initiation of neoadjuvant chemotherapy. Following the recommendations of the interdisciplinary PET consensus conference, restaging of patients with colorectal carcinoma represents a 1a-indication. Especially in patients with unclear CEA elevation, indeterminate imaging results and previous to surgery of metastases, PET helps to determine the optimal therapeutic strategy. Also sensitive detection of viable tumor tissue can be performed reliably by FDG-PET. It can be supposed that modern staging by combine PET-CT cameras will increasingly replace conventional restaging of patients. In selected cases of pancreas cancer, FDG-PET can help to differentiate chronic inflammation from tumor. Distant metastases and recurrence of disease can be detected by PET if therapeutically relevant. GIST accumulate FDG with high intensity. Therapy monitoring can be performed as early as one week after initiation of therapy. While most cholangiocellular cancer show good FDG accumulation hepatocellular cancers only are visualized in half of the cases. In special cases of primary liver tumor, FDG-PET delivers diagnostic information. © 2008 Dustri-Verlag Dr. Karl Feistle. ER  - 
Prolonged survival of a patient affected by pancreatic adenocarcinoma with massive lymphocyte and dendritic cell infiltration after interleukin-2 immunotherapy Report of a case$$$ Several studies have shown that there is a paucity of immune cells within the stroma of pancreatic adenocarcinoma, a very aggressive cancer with a median survival of about 18 months. A 65-year-old man presented with jaundice. Abdominal ultrasound revealed intra- and extrahepatic bile duct dilatation and a 45-mm diameter hypoechoic solid mass within the pancreatic head; a computed tomography scan excluded vascular infiltration and metastatic lesions. The patient received immunotherapy consisting of 6,000,000 IU human recombinant interleukin-2 administered subcutaneously twice a day for 3 consecutive days. Thirty-six hours after the last dose, he underwent a pylorus-preserving pancreatoduodenectomy. Because of the presence of high-grade dysplasia detected by intraoperative histological examination of a distal section, a spleen preserving total pancreatectomy was performed. The postoperative course was uneventful. The patient died 32 months after surgery because of local recurrence. Histopathology showed G3 pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma infiltrating the anterior and posterior peripancreatic tissue, duodenal wall and intrapancreatic common bile duct, with sarcoma-like foci and a component of intraductal tumor involving the common bile duct. In the distal pancreas, widespread foci of pancreatic intraepithelial neoplasia (PanIN2-3) were found. The Ki-67 proliferation index was 16%. TNM staging was pT3 pN1 R1. Sections were immunostained for the T-lymphocyte marker CD3 and for the dendritic cell marker CD 1a. Intratumoral infiltration was high for CD1a+ cells and mild for CD3+ cells. Preoperative immunotherapy with interleukin-2 may contribute to massive stromal infiltration of immune cells in pancreatic adenocarcinoma. This may prolong the survival even in the presence of negative prognostic factors (age >65 years, tumor diameter >20 mm, Rl, tumor grade G3). ER  - 
Borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: On the edge of survival$$$ Background: Patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer are at high risk of having positive surgical margins due to involvement of the tumor with adjacent vasculature. This article reviews the management of this subset of pancreatic cancer patients. Methods: The authors review the current definitions of borderline resectable pancreatic cancer and how it is diagnosed and staged. The history, current approaches, and future directions in neoadjuvant therapy for borderline resectable pancreatic cancer are also reviewed with emphasis on various chemotherapy regimens that have been used. The application of intensity-modulated radiation therapy and image-guided radiation therapy that accounts for respiratory motion to targeting the gross tumor volume in the pancreas are discussed, and the promise of integrating targeted therapies in neoadjuvant treatment programs is highlighted. Results: The use of neoadjuvant treatment programs that employ gemcitabine-based chemotherapy regimens followed by chemoradiation increases the likelihood of subsequent margin-negative resection in borderline resectable pancreatic cancer. Conclusions: There has been progress in the imaging, staging, surgical technique, and the use of chemotherapy and chemoradiotherapy in the management of borderline resectable pancreatic cancer. Patients can benefit from multidisciplinary management at high-volume pancreatic cancer treatment centers. ER  - 
Surgical resection of a solitary pancreatic metastasis from colorectal cancer: A new step to a cure?$$$ Isolated metastases to the pancreas from colorectal cancer (CRC) are very rare. We report a case of a 37-year-old man with a hereditary nonpolyposis CRC with a solitary metastasis to the pancreas who was treated with right hemicolectomy, neoadjuvant chemotherapy, complete surgical resection of the pancreatic metastasis, and adjuvant chemotherapy. After 12 months of follow-up, the patient remains free of disease. Differential diagnosis of isolated metastasis to the pancreas should be performed with pancreatic primary adenocarcinomas and neuroendocrine tumors. Symptoms and signs might be similar in these diseases: pain, weight loss, obstructive jaundice, and duodenal obstruction. Nevertheless, both primary and secondary tumors might be totally asymptomatic. Imaging techniques such as computed tomography, ultrasonography, magnetic resonance imaging, positron emission tomography, or endoscopic retrograde colangiopancreatography can provide relevant information about pancreatic lesions. However, it remains difficult to distinguish primary from metastatic pancreatic tumors. Although there is currently very limited experience with the surgical resection of isolated pancreatic metastases from CRC, it should be considered in selected patients with low surgical risk in order to prolong progression-free survival and overall survival. Additional chemotherapy is recommended. ER  - 
Clinical experience with epothilones in patients with breast cancer$$$ The search for novel chemotherapeutic agents in the treatment of breast cancer with lower susceptibility to resistance mechanisms than current agents has led to the discovery of the epothilones and their analogues. Epothilones stabilize microtubules in a manner similar to taxanes but are structurally distinct. Ixabepilone, an epothilone B analogue, having demonstrated high antimicrotubule activity in preclinical studies, has shown notable efficacy in phase II trials in patients with early-stage and metastatic breast cancer. Of particular note, single-agent ixabepilone is effective in tumors resistant to anthracyclines, taxanes, and capecitabine, for which there is currently no recommended therapy. Different mechanisms of action and the non-overlapping toxicities of ixabepilone with other agents provide the rationale for ixabepilone in combination as a valid therapeutic approach. Phase II results assessing ixabepilone in combination with capecitabine in anthracy-cline- and taxane-pretreated patients are promising. The investigation of ixabepilone in the neoadjuvant setting has also revealed potential biomarkers to predict ixabepilone response. Ixabepilone has demonstrated activity in patients with tumors that are estrogen receptor-, progesterone receptor-, and HER2-negative. The safety profile throughout the trials has been manageable, with peripheral neuropathy as one of the more notable adverse events, which has been mostly reversible. A phase III trial comparing ixabepilone plus capecitabine versus capecitabine alone demonstrated significant prolongation of median progression-free survival and reduction in relapse risk. Additionally, other members of the epothilone family, such as patupilone, ZK-EPO, BMS-310705, and KOS-862, have demonstrated efficacy against breast cancer in phase I clinical trials. Ongoing phase II/III trials continue to assess ixabepilone and other members of the epothilone family in breast cancer, particularly in combination regimens, as being valid treatment options in multidrug-resistant breast cancer. ER  - 
Complete pathological response following down-staging chemoradiation in locally advanced pancreatic cancer: Challenging the boundaries$$$ Pancreatic cancer is an aggressive malignancy, relatively resistant to chemotherapy and radiotherapy, which usually presents late. Disease specific mortality approaches unity despite advances in adjuvant therapy. We present the first reported case of complete pathological response following neoadjuvant therapy in a locally advanced pancreatic adenocarcinoma. © 2007 WJG. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Preoperative chemotherapy and intraoperative radiofrequency ablation for unresectable solid pseudopapillary tumor of the pancreas$$$ Solid pseudopapillary tumor (SPT) is rare primary tumor of the pancreas with low malignant potential affecting adolescent or young women. Radical surgical resection is the definitive treatment for long-term survival even in the patients with metastases. We report a case of 14-year-old girl who presented with unresectable SPT of the pancreas. She received preoperative chemotherapy with cisplatinum, ifosfamide, etoposide, and vincristine followed by intraoperative radiofrequency ablation of metastatic liver lesions with surgical resection of the primary tumor successfully. We demonstrate that all attempts should be made to resect or ablate the primary as well as the metastatic lesions for long-term survival. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Radiation therapy is associated with improved survival in patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma: Results of a study from the Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results (SEER) registry data$$$ BACKGROUND. The role of adjuvant radiation therapy in pancreatic cancer is controversial. For the current study, the authors evaluated the effect of preoperative and postoperative radiation therapy on survival in patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma. METHODS. The analysis included 3008 patients who were reported to the Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results registry of the National Cancer Institute from 1988 to 2002 who had adenocarcinoma of the pancreas and who underwent cancer-directed surgery. A retrospective analysis of overall survival and cancer-specific survival for these patients was performed using the Kaplan-Meier method. Comparative risks of mortality were evaluated by using multivariate-adjusted Cox regression models. RESULTS. Of 3008 patients, 1267 (42%) received radiation therapy. Overall survival improved significantly in patients who received radiation therapy, with a median survival of 17 months and a 5-year overall survival rate of 13% in patients who received radiation compared with 12 months and 9.7%, respectively, for patients who did not receive radiation therapy (P < .0001). On multivariate analysis, radiation therapy was associated with improvement in overall survival in patients who had direct extension beyond the pancreas and/or regional lymph node involvement (P < .01) but not in patients with T1-T2N0M0 disease (P > .05). Radiation therapy was associated with improvement in cause-specific survival in patients who had regional lymph node involvement (P < .02) but not in patients who had T1-2N0M0 disease or direct extension beyond the pancreas without lymph node involvement (P > .05). Differences in overall and cause-specific survival among patients who received preoperative versus postoperative radiation therapy did not reach statistical significance. CONCLUSIONS. Radiation therapy was associated with improved survival compared with cancer-directed surgery without radiation in patients with adenocarcinoma of the pancreas. © 2007 American Cancer Society. ER  - 
New concepts in staging and treatment of locally advanced pancreatic head cancer$$$ OBJECTIVE. The objective of this article is to discuss the CT findings that guide surgeons in deciding the feasibility of tumor excision in patients with locally advanced pancreatic head cancers. CONCLUSION. Vascular resection as an adjunct to pancreaticoduodenectomy is increasingly used in pancreatic head cancer. As a result, the imaging criteria to determine which patients are candidates for potentially curative resection are evolving. © American Roentgen Ray Society. ER  - 
A phase II study of gemcitabine and capecitabine in advanced cholangiocarcinoma and carcinoma of the gallbladder: A single-institution prospective study$$$ Aim: To determine the clinical benefit response (CBR), time to tumor progression (TTP), overall survival, and effect on quality of life (QOL) of gemcitabine and capecitabine in patients with advanced biliary cancer. Methods: Gemcitabine (1000 mg/m2 IV over 30 minutes on days 1 and 8) and capecitabine (650 mg/m2 orally twice daily for 14 days) were administered and repeated every 21 days. All patients completed the European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer Core Quality of Life Questionnaire and Pancreatic Cancer Module (EORTC QLQ-C30-PAN 26) questionnaire on day 1 of each cycle. Cumulative QOL scores were calculated. The two-stage design required 17 patients to evaluate the confirmed response at nine weeks. Results: Twelve patients with a median age of 54 years were enrolled. A median of eight cycles per patient were completed. With a median follow-up of 18.2 months, the CBR (two partial response and five stable disease) was 58% [95% confidence interval (CI) 28-85%]. Four out of seven patients with CBR had no decline in QOL with chemotherapy. The probability of survival at one year was 0.58. Median TTP and overall survival were 9.0 and 14.0 months, respectively. Nine patients had grade 3 or 4 toxicities. There were no treatment-related deaths. Conclusions: Gemcitabine and capecitabine at this dose and schedule are well tolerated and effective and may offer clinical benefit and maintain QOL in patients with advanced biliary cancer. This regimen merits further investigation in the neoadjuvant setting. © 2007 Society of Surgical Oncology. ER  - 
Phase I study of oxaliplatin, full-dose gemcitabine, and concurrent radiation therapy in pancreatic cancer$$$ Purpose: To determine a biweekly dose of oxaliplatin for combination with full-dose gemcitabine and concurrent radiation therapy (RT) in pancreatic cancer. Patients and Methods: Patients with previously untreated pancreatic cancer received gemcitabine days 1, 8, and 15, and oxaliplatin days 1 and 15, repeated at 28-day intervals. RT (27 Gy in 1.8-Gy fractions) was administered during cycle 1. Dose escalation was guided using the time-to-event continuous reassessment method. Dose levels 1 to 4 included gemcitabine 1 g/m2 intravenously (IV) during 30 minutes and oxaliplatin 40, 55, 70, or 85 mg/m 2 IV during 90 minutes, respectively; for dose levels 5 and 6, oxaliplatin dose remained 85 mg/m2 but infusion time for gemcitabine 1 g/m 2 was increased to 65 or 100 minutes, respectively. The trial objective was to determine the dose level associated with dose-limiting toxicity (DLT) through cycle 2 in ≤ 20% of patients. Results: Forty-four patients were enrolled (median age, 64 years; 27 men, 17 women) with resectable (n =12), unresectable (n =29), and metastatic (n =3) pancreatic cancer. Ten DLTs occurred in nine patients, including grade 4 platelets (n =4), decline in performance status (n =2), GI bleeding (n =2), and GI toxicity (n =2). The estimated probability of DLT for dose level 3 was .21 (90% posterior probability interval [PI], .12 to .33); for dose level 4, the estimated probability was .24 (90% PI, .14 to .36). Conclusion: The addition of oxaliplatin 85 mg/m2 days 1 and 15 to full-dose gemcitabine and radiation therapy was well tolerated. On the basis of these results, a multi-institutional neoadjuvant phase II study in resectable pancreatic cancer is planned. © 2007 by American Society of Clinical Oncology. ER  - 
Practical questions in liver metastases of colorectal cancer: General principles of treatment$$$ Liver metastases of colorectal cancer are currently treated by multidisciplinary teams using strategies that combine chemotherapy, surgery and ablative techniques. Many patients classically considered non-resectable can now be rescued by neoadjuvant chemotherapy followed by liver resection, with similar results to those obtained in initial resections. While many of those patients will recur, repeat resection is a feasible and safe approach if the recurrence is confined to the liver. Several factors that until recently were considered contraindications are now recognized only as adverse prognostic factors and no longer as contraindications for surgery. The current evaluation process to select patients for surgery is no longer focused on what is to be removed but rather on what will remain. The single most important objective is to achieve a complete (R0) resection within the limits of safety in terms of quantity and quality of the remaining liver. An increasing number of patients with synchronous liver metastases are treated by simultaneous resection of the primary and the liver metastatic tumours. Multilobar disease can also be approached by staged procedures that combine neoadjuvant chemotherapy, limited resections in one lobe, embolization or ligation of the contralateral portal vein and a major resection in a second procedure. Extrahepatic disease is no longer a contraindication for surgery provided that an R0 resection can be achieved. A reverse surgical staged approach (liver metastases first, primary second) is another strategy that has appeared recently. Provided that a careful selection is made, elderly patients can also benefit from surgical treatment of liver metastases. ER  - 
A modified Dworak classification applied to pancreatic adenocarcinoma: A useful prognostic factor$$$ Objectives are to validate a simple classification for irradiated specimens and assessing the incidence and the outcome of sterilized forms. Between 1996 and 2005, 56 non metastatics patients had preoperative chemoradiation and curative resection for pancreatic adenocarcinoma. We retrospectively applied the Dworak regression scale previously describe for rectal cancer. Dworak 4 (sterilized tumor), 3, 2, 1 and 0 grades interested 7 (12,5 %), 12, 12, 11 and 14 patients respectively. The median estimated overall survival of all patients was 24 months with estimated 1-, 3-and 5-year survivals of 80 %, 35 % and 18 % respectively. Statistical analysis permitted to regroup patients classified Dworak 4 or 3 (grade 2 of our modified Dworak classification (MDC)) and Dworak 2, 1 or 0 (grade 1 of our MDC). Patients with grade 2 MDC had an estimated median survival and 5-years survival of 40 months and 28 % respectively. Eleven patients (58 %) with grade 2 MDC (n = 19) had exclusive metastatic recurrences. Nineteen patients with grade 1 MDC (n = 37) had metastatic (n = 17 : 46% : p = 0,07) or local recurrences (n = 2). The MDC was useful because a) easy to used and b) correlated with good prognostic factor for patients with grade 2 MDC. However, metastatic recurrence rate didn't differed in the 2 groups. Thus, adenocarcinoma of the pancreas had to be treated by surgical curative resection associated with radiotherapy and systemic chemotherapy to control the both side, metastatic and local, of the disease. The liest preoperative treatment had to be define but must include CRT and systemic chemotherapy. © John Libbey Eurotext. ER  - 
Neuroendocrine carcinoma of the stomach with peripancreatic lymph node metastases successfully treated with pancreaticoduodenectomy$$$ Neuroendocrine carcinoma of the stomach is an uncommon tumor, usually associated with highly malignant biological behavior and extremely poor prognosis. In this report, we described a case of advanced neuroendocrine carcinoma of the stomach with the peripancreatic lymph node metastases which was treated with pancreaticoduodenectomy with extended lymphadenectomy. The patient was admitted to our hospital for anemia An upper gastrointestinal endoscopy revealed a 4x4-cm fungating tumor with its fundus locating mainly in the duodenal bulbus and extending to the gastric antrum, and tumor biopsy revealed the histological findings of adenocarcinoma. Computed tomography (CT) showed a large mass in the duodenal bulbus with regional lymph node metastases. The patient's disease was diagnosed as primary duodenal cancer with regional lymph node metastases preoperatively. During the operation, an obviously swollen lymph node on the anterior surface of the head of the pancreas 4.0x3.5cm in size was found growing into the parenchyma of the pancreas head and could not be separated from the pancreas, and the swollen lymph node along the superior mesenteric vein was also hard and suspected to be a metastatic node. A pancreaticoduodenectomy with extended lymphadenectomy was performed to achieve a radical resection. Histopathologically, the origin of the primary tumor was considered as a gastric origin, and the tumor was composed of diffused small cells with a moderate mitotic index and occasional rosette formation. Immunohistochemical investigations of the neoplastic cells confirmed the tumor to be neuroendocrine carcinoma. The obvious swollen lymph node on the anterior surface of the head of the pancreas and the swollen lymph node along the superior mesenteric vein were also identified as metastatic lymph nodes. Adjuvant chemotherapy with TS-1 was administered on an out-patient basis 6 weeks after the operation. The patient is well and has now been free of symptoms of recurrence and metastasis for 8 months. © H.G.E. Update Medical Publishing S.A. ER  - 
Factors predicting survival in advanced T-staged hepatocellular carcinoma patients treated with reduction hepatectomy followed by transcatheter arterial chemoembolization$$$ Aims: To evaluate the efficacy of reduction hepatectomy followed by transcatheter arterial chemoembolization (TACE) for advanced T-Staged hepatocellular carcinomas (HCCs). Methods: A retrospective analysis of 39 consecutive patients who underwent reduction hepatectomy followed by TACE for advanced T-Staged HCCs was undertaken. Results: Reduction hepatectomies, including 20 major ones, were performed. After a median interval of 30 days, the hepatectomies were followed by TACE using farmorubicin. Actual overall 3-year survival after surgery was 32%. Indocyanine green R15 ≥15%, preoperative AFP ≥2000 ng/ml, and tumour reduction rate <98% were predictive of decreased overall survival. When the three prognostic factors were used in a scoring system, with one point assigned for each factor, the 3-year survival rates of patients with scores of 0, 1, 2, and 3 were 71%, 40%, 0%, and 0% respectively. Conclusions: Reduction hepatectomy followed by TACE is effective in patients with advanced T-Staged HCCs who have none of the 3 poor prognostic factors. Reduction surgery followed by TACE is one of the options for controlling advanced T-Staged HCCs in patients who are not candidates for curative resection or TACE alone. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Long-term survival after pancreatic cancer treatment$$$ Pancreatic cancer is a nearly lethal disease. Patients have such a poor prognosis because there are no early symptoms. Upon presentation, most patients already have regional and systemic spread of the disease. With cure rates below 3%, long-term survival is difficult to measure. Thus, the assessment of clinical benefit has been based not only on observed 5-year survival but more frequently on actuarial, median, and disease-free survival. Surgery remains the only hope for cure, but median survival remains low despite improvements in peri- and postoperative treatment of complications and sharp decreases in perioperative morbidity and mortality. The addition of adjuvant chemo- and radiotherapy has provided a survival advantage of 6 to 10 months (increasing median survival to 20 months). However, the long-term benefit, if any, is still to be determined. Neoadjuvant therapies are also undergoing evaluation, but their role has not yet been established. True long-term survival may ultimately depend on the development of screening tools that will allow early detection (before regional and systemic spread) of this lethal disease. © 2007 Excerpta Medica Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
A case of rectal malignant melanoma showing immunohistochemical variability in a tumor$$$ We report on a patient with rectal malignant melanoma. The patient was a 40-year-old man who complained of anal bleeding. His grandmother had died of pancreatic cancer and his mother had been operated for rectal cancer. Physical examination revealed a hard mass at the 12 o'clock position. 2 cm from the anal verge. A colonoscopic examination revealed an irregular surface mass, approximately 4.0 cm in size, located on the anterior wall of the lower rectum. A biopsy of the rectal tumor showed the proliferation of epithelioid cells with pleomorphic features. Immunohistochemical analysis was performed. S-100 protein, CD-56, and KIT expression were positive, but HMB-45 expression was negative. Abdominopelvic computed tomography (CT) revealed multiple liver and lymph node metastases. With the diagnosis of neuroendocrine carcinoma of the rectum, abdominoperineal resection was performed. After the operation, the serum lactate dehydrogenase level had rapidly increased. An abdominal CT showed progressive liver metastases. Thirteen days after the surgery, abdominal angiography was performed, which showed multiple hypervascular tumor stains in the liver. The reservoir was implanted transcutaneously with the aid of angiography and the catheter was fixed to the proper hepatic artery. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy using cisplatin and irinotecan via the subcutaneous reservoir port was performed and a partial response was obtained. However, the final pathological diagnosis of the surgically resected specimen was malignant amelanotic melanoma of the rectum. Immunohistochemical expression differed between rectal biopsy specimens and surgically resected specimens. HMB-45 expression was positive and KIT expression was negative in the resected specimen. As preoperative pathological diagnosis showed rare rectal tumor, we measured the chemosensitivity of the rectal tumor using the collagen gel droplet-embedded culture drug sensitivity test (CD-DST) to determine the most appropriate chemotherapy regimen for the patient. However, there were no anticancer drugs tested by CD-DST for malignant melanoma. With informed consent, the patient received two cycles of immunochemotherapy consisting of dacabazine, nimustine hydrochloride, vincristine sulfate, and interferon -beta. Although the patient was treated with immunochemotherapy for metastatic liver tumor, he died because of progression of metastases. ER  - 
Progress in the development of prognostic and predictive markers for gastrointestinal malignancies$$$ Gastrointestinal cancers remain a significant cause of morbidity and mortality. While increasing therapeutic options have improved outcomes for many patients, they have also complicated treatment decision-making. Unfortunately, most patients with advanced gastrointestinal malignancies die from their disease. Prognostic and predictive markers could improve treatment significantly by identifying patients who may or may not require a given therapy, and determining those most likely to benefit from a therapy. Candidates for such markers include blood antigens and circulating tumor cells, tumor enzyme and gene expression, and pharmacodynamic endpoints. In this review, we summarize reported and ongoing research to define and validate prognostic and predictive markers in gastrointestinal malignancies, with an emphasis on colorectal cancer and brief overview of pancreatic and neuroendocrine tumors. © Current Science Inc. 2008. ER  - 
Pancreatic cancer is 'always non-resectable'$$$ Pancreatic cancer is characterized by its very aggressive biological behavior which makes it a rapidly disseminating and deadly tumor. Due to their initial 'silent' behavior, pancreatic cancers are generally diagnosed too late and at that point surgical or medical interventions are futile. The outcome of pancreatic cancer has not improved over the last decades. It is evident that only very few pancreatic cancers are potentially resectable and curable, but many times even these small cancers have poor prognostic factors. Furthermore, upon surgery many of the patients considered preoperatively to have resectable tumors are found to have non-resectable disease. The problem of pancreatic cancer is further compounded by the fact that most tumors are diagnosed in elderly, frail or chronically ill patients, which makes them poor surgical candidates, and only half or fewer of these patients can undergo surgery. The stress of surgery is poorly tolerated by many patients who either die, develop complications or are then unable to receive adjuvant chemotherapy. The bottom line is that pancreatic cancer is a very aggressive tumor. Currently, most cancers are treated by non-surgical methods, and the very few patients with tumors which are potentially resectable should be operated on in specialized, high-volume pancreatic centers. Copyright © 2007 S. Karger AG. ER  - 
Nodular regenerative hyperplasia: A deleterious consequence of chemotherapy for colorectal liver metastases?$$$ Aims: This report describes three patients suffering from nodular regenerative hyperplasia (NRH). Methods: These patients have received six, 16 and 20 cycles of neoadjuvant 5-fluorouracil and oxaliplatin-based chemotherapy before planned extended hepatectomy. Two patients underwent uneventful portal vein embolization to hypertrophy the future remnant liver. Results: At the end of chemotherapy, liver function tests deteriorated and portal hypertension appeared in two patients, including ascites, splenomegaly and oesophageal varices. Liver biopsy was performed through a percutaneous (two patients) or a transjugular approach (one patient) and allowed the diagnosis of NRH, which was considered to be a contraindication for major liver resection in all three patients, associated with extrahepatic disease progression in one patient. All patients died from neoplastic disease progression despite further chemotherapy at 6, 17 and 31 months following the diagnosis of NRH. One patient developed liver failure and ascites at the time of death. Conclusions: Physicians should be aware of the potential occurrence and therapeutic impact of NRH in patients suffering from CRLM and treated by neoadjuvant 5FU-oxaliplatin-based chemotherapy before major liver surgery. © 2007 Blackwell Munksgaard. ER  - 
Surgery Insight: Surgical management of pancreatic cancer$$$ Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma is a common malignancy of the gastrointestinal tract. The number of new cases diagnosed and the number of deaths each year are almost identical, demonstrating the particularly dismal prognosis for patients affected by this disease. Despite recent advances in the field of medical and radiation oncology, and the introduction of neoadjuvant and adjuvant regimens, surgery remains the single most important modality for the treatment of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. Surgery for pancreatic cancer is widely viewed as a complex procedure associated with considerable perioperative morbidity and mortality. Many aspects of surgery for pancreatic cancer, such as the extent of resection, the value of vascular resection, the use of laparoscopy, and the importance of treatment at high-volume centers, are currently under debate. This Review describes the current status of surgical treatment for pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma, and highlights the new developments in this field. ER  - 
Endoscopic evaluation and palliation of pancreatic adenocarcinoma: Current and future options$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To analyze the role of endoscopy in the diagnosis and treatment of pancreatic adenocarcinoma. New developments, including molecular analysis of endoscopic tissue samples and injection of antitumor agents, are discussed. RECENT FINDINGS: Endoscopic ultrasound is superior to multidetector computed tomography for detection of smaller than 3-cm pancreatic tumors, and for T staging, while they are equivalent for nodal staging and assessment of resectability. Molecular analysis of endoscopic ultrasound-guided fine-needle aspiration samples has the potential to improve cancer detection. Placement of biliary self-expanding metal stents prior to Whipple resection appears to be an option to reduce stent obstruction and allow neo-adjuvant therapy. Endoscopic ultrasound-guided biliary drainage is a new approach to patients who failed to have a biliary stent placed by endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography. Contrast-enhanced endoscopic ultrasound may be useful to differentiate focal inflammation from pancreatic carcinoma. Optical coherence tomography was shown to distinguish nonneoplastic from neoplastic main pancreatic duct tissue. Finally, endoscopic ultrasound-guided interstitial brachytherapy and injection of therapeutic agents into tumors have shown exciting preliminary results. SUMMARY: Endoscopic approaches for diagnosis and palliation of pancreatic adenocarcinoma are rapidly expanding. These new techniques show promise in the diagnosis, staging, and treatment of pancreatic malignancy. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Liver transplantation for hilar cholangiocarcinoma$$$ Hilar cholangiocarcinoma was accepted as an indication for liver transplantation at the beginning of the transplantation era. Owing to disappointing long-term results for this indication, and in parallel, encouraging results in patients with benign disease, hilar cholangiocarcinoma has generally not been accepted as an indication for liver transplantation in recent years. To improve results, more aggressive approaches have been used: "abdominal organ cluster transplantation" and "extended bile duct resection", which lead to increased long-term survival rates. However, with improving results after conventional extrahepatic bile duct resection in combination with partial hepatectomy, extended procedures in combination with liver transplantation never became a real option in the treatment of hilar cholangiocarcinoma. However, new awareness of liver transplantation in the treatment of this cancer has been raised for patients with hilar cholangiocarcinoma in the context of underlying liver diseases such as primary sclerosing cholangitis, which preclude liver resection. Current results show increased survival figures, in particular in well-selected patients with early tumor stages. Further improvements in long-term survival may be reached with new adjuvant and neoadjuvant protocols. Patients with neoadjuvant radiochemotherapy show long-term results similar to those for liver transplantation for other indications. Also, photodynamic therapy and the use of new antiproliferative immunosuppressive agents may be an approach for further improvement of the long-term results. Currently, liver transplantation for the treatment of hilar cholangiocarcinoma should be restricted to centers with experience in the treatment of this cancer and should be taken into consideration in patients with contraindications to liver resection. © Springer-Verlag Tokyo 2007. ER  - 
Future Chemoradiation Strategies in Pancreatic Cancer$$$ Although not universally accepted, 5-fluorouracil (5-FU)-based chemoradiation is considered a standard treatment for patients with localized pancreatic cancer. Randomized trials have indicated that chemoradiation improves median survival of both locally advanced and resected pancreatic cancer. While the use of adjuvant chemoradiation in pancreatic cancer has been called into question since the publication of the European Study Group for Pancreatic Cancer (ESPAC)-1 trial, this study has not changed standard practice in the United States. All randomized trials investigating adjuvant chemoradiation have reported significant local as well as distant disease control limitations, making the study of novel chemoradiation and adjuvant chemotherapy important. Selected centers are investigating neoadjuvant chemoradiation in radiographically resectable patients. Advantages of neoadjuvant chemoradiation compared to postoperative therapy include increased local control, increased access to therapy, addressing the systemic disease recurrence risk without delay, and optimal patient selection for pancreaticoduodenectomy through exclusion of patients with rapidly progressive metastatic disease. In the years since it was approved for use in pancreatic cancer, gemcitabine has stood the test of time as a systemic agent but has not been widely adopted as a radiosensitzer in pancreatic cancer. Single-arm clinical trials that initially explored gemcitabine as a radiosensitzer in locally advanced pancreatic cancer demonstrated the potential for significant toxicity without dramatic improvements in efficacy. Recent strategies for improving the efficacy of chemoradiation include improved chemoradiation sensitization through the concurrent incorporation of molecular targeted agents, and the use of new radiation technology such as intensity-modulated radiotherapy (IMRT) and stereotactic radiotherapy. Herein, we discuss the relative merits of strategies that seek to improve outcome through these novel means and present recent data from novel strategies that will provide the background for future trials. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Dosimetric Feasibility of Hypofractionated Proton Radiotherapy for Neoadjuvant Pancreatic Cancer Treatment$$$ Purpose: To evaluate tumor and normal tissue dosimetry of a 5 cobalt gray equivalent (CGE) × 5 fraction proton radiotherapy schedule, before initiating a clinical trial of neoadjuvant, short-course proton radiotherapy for pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Methods and Materials: The first 9 pancreatic cancer patients treated with neoadjuvant intensity-modulated radiotherapy (1.8 Gy × 28) at the Massachusetts General Hospital had treatment plans generated using a 5 CGE × 5 fraction proton regimen. To facilitate dosimetric comparisons, clinical target volumes and normal tissue volumes were held constant. Plans were optimized for target volume coverage and normal tissue sparing. Results: Hypofractionated proton and conventionally fractionated intensity-modulated radiotherapy plans both provided acceptable target volume coverage and dose homogeneity. Improved dose conformality provided by the hypofractionated proton regimen resulted in significant sparing of kidneys, liver, and small bowel, evidenced by significant reductions in the mean doses, expressed as percentage prescribed dose, to these structures. Kidney and liver sparing was most evident in low-dose regions (≤20% prescribed dose for both kidneys and ≤60% prescribed dose for liver). Improvements in small-bowel dosimetry were observed in high- and low-dose regions. Mean stomach and duodenum doses, expressed as percentage prescribed dose, were similar for the two techniques. Conclusions: A proton radiotherapy schedule consisting of 5 fractions of 5 CGE as part of neoadjuvant therapy for adenocarcinoma of the pancreas seems dosimetrically feasible, providing excellent target volume coverage, dose homogeneity, and normal tissue sparing. Hypofractionated proton radiotherapy in this setting merits Phase I clinical trial investigation. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Cancer Chemotherapy II: Atypical Hepatic Injuries$$$ Although chemotherapy generally is accompanied by regular testing for liver enzyme abnormalities, atypical reactions may occur that escape ordinary detection, because hepatocyte injury is not the primary event. The presence of fatty liver, mitochondrial changes, and even biliary abnormalities can be associated with normal or nearly normal liver enzyme levels. This article discusses unique aspects of liver damage associated with cancer chemotherapy. These unique reactions merit special attention and a special vigilance from clinicians. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Adjuvant chemotherapy in pancreatic cancer: Results and theoretical aspects$$$ It was carried out the adjuvant chemotherapy at 4 patients with carcinoma of the head and at 4 with carcinoma of the body of the pancreas. The number of the patients received chemotherapy was not allow to conclude about the effect of the adjuvant therapy. We tried to determine the effect theoretically. So, approximately 40,0% of our patients have had distant metastases. Taking into account that preoperatively the instrumental methods couldn't detect metastases smaller than 3-4 mm and intraoperatively surgeon could reveal only subcapsular micrometastases in the liver visually and by palpation; some of the patients without obvious metastases had micrometastases - occult metastases. Mathematically we calculated that the growing time for metastases with size from 3 mm to 3 cm was the same as for growth of micrometastases from 300 mcm into f 3 mm, and the same time was necessary for multiplying of 30 mcm cancer cell's group into 300 mcm micrometastases. Summarizing above indicated arguments we supposed that approximately 80% of patients with pancreatic cancer without obvious metastases to liver probably had occult micrometastases. This explained the reason of 5-year survival rate being lower 20% after radical resection for pancreatic cancer. The chemotherapy can demonstrate more effect in stages of micrometastases than in that of obvious ones. Taking into account the arguments indicated above, and the fact that chemotherapy increased the mean life time in patients with pancreatic cancer in our non-resected group, we can conclude that routine adjuvant chemotherapy theoretically may improve the outcome of patients undergoing radical surgery for pancreatic cancer. ER  - 
Chemoradiotherapy in digestive tumor$$$ Surgical treatment is fundamental in many gastrointestinal tumours but the role of radiochemotherapy is gaining importance. Interdisciplinary approach is critical for the successful treatment of these tumours. One of the main aims in treating gastrointestinal tumours is preserving the organ and its function. Radiochemotherapy treatment rather than surgery is becoming standard in the treatment of oesophagus and anal canal cancers. These treatments can obtain similar results as aggressive surgical treatment while allowing the preservation of the organ. Another treatment method is the use of neoadjuvant treatment to allow surgeons to perform more limited surgeries. The surgical development in recent years had drawn attention due to new surgical techniques such as total mesorectal excision or laparoscopic techniques. In addition, the advances in technology have allowed radiotherapeutic development with sophisticated planning and delivery systems. This technological advance and the use of new more effective chemotherapy drugs have produced higher tumour response improving this patients' survival. Additionally, new target therapies have demonstrated activity in the treatment of these kinds of tumours, which in combination with other therapeutic treatments will hopefully change the prognosis of patients in the near future. Copyright © 2007 Aran Ediciones, S. L. ER  - 
Acinar cell carcinoma of the pancreas: Clinical analysis of 115 patients from Pancreatic Cancer Registry Of Japan Pancreas Society$$$ OBJECTIVES: Acinar cell carcinoma (ACC) of the pancreas is a rare tumor, and many aspects remain unclear because no large-scale clinical studies have been conducted. METHODS: The present study investigated the clinical characteristics, treatment, and therapeutic outcomes of 115 patients registered in the Pancreatic Cancer Registry of the Japan Pancreas Society, and therapeutic plans were reviewed. RESULTS: Although ACC has been associated with advanced stage and poor prognosis, this tumor was resectable in 76.5% of the patients, and the 5-year survival rate after resection was favorable, being 43.9%. CONCLUSIONS: Confirming the diagnosis of ACC preoperatively is difficult, but this diagnosis should be kept in mind while planning surgery for ordinary pancreatic cancer. Once the diagnosis has been confirmed, a possibility of surgical resection should be pursued to achieve better prognosis. If ACC is unresectable or recurrent, chemotherapy is likely to prove useful. Multidisciplinary therapy centering on the role of surgery will need to be established. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
A randomized phase 2 trial of neoadjuvant chemotherapy in resectable pancreatic cancer: Gemcitabine alone versus gemcitabine combined with cisplatin$$$ Background: Survival after surgery for pancreas cancer remains low. This improves with adjuvant chemotherapy, but up to 30% patients do not receive the prescribed treatment. Neoadjuvant therapy may increase the proportion of patients who receive all treatment components, may downstage disease before surgery, and may provide early treatment of micrometastases. This randomized phase 2 study compares gemcitabine-based chemotherapy regimens to identify the most promising regimen for future study. Methods: Fifty patients with potentially resectable pancreas lesions were enrolled onto the study. Twenty-four patients were randomized to gemcitabine (1000 mg/m2) every 7 days for 43 days; 26 patients were randomized to gemcitabine (1000 mg/m2) and cisplatin (25 mg/m2), 7 to the original schedule (omitting day 22) and 19 to a revised schedule due to neutropenia (omitting days 15 and 36). The primary outcome measure was resection rate. Results: Patients who were allocated to gemcitabine received a median of 85% of the planned dose. Patients who were allocated to combination treatment received a median of 88% and 92% of the planned gemcitabine and cisplatin doses, respectively. There were 10 episodes of grade III/IV hematological toxicity in each group. Twenty-seven patients (54%) underwent pancreatic resection, 9 (38%) in the gemcitabine arm and 18 (70%) in the combination arm, with no increase in surgical complications. To date, 34 patients (68%) have died. Twelve-month survival for the gemcitabine and combination groups was 42% and 62%. Conclusions: Chemotherapy can be safely administered before pancreatic surgery. Combination therapy with gemcitabine and cisplatin is associated with a high resection rate and an encouraging survival rate, suggesting that further study is warranted. © 2007 Society of Surgical Oncology. ER  - 
A prospective evaluation of an algorithm incorporating routine preoperative endoscopic ultrasound-guided fine needle aspiration in suspected pancreatic cancer$$$ Whether tissue diagnosis is required in the preoperative evaluation of patients with suspected pancreatic cancer remains controversial. We prospectively evaluated the accuracy, safety, and potential impact on surgical intervention of endoscopic ultrasound-guided fine needle aspiration (EUS-FNA) in the preoperative evaluation of suspected pancreatic cancer. All patients who underwent EUS-FNA at our institution (n∈=∈547) over a 4.5-year period were enrolled. Patients underwent surgical exploration and resection based on their comorbidity status, evidence of resectability based on spiral computed tomography (CT) and EUS imaging reviewed in a multidisciplinary approach. Of 547 patients enrolled (median age 64 years, 60% male), 49% presented with obstructive jaundice. The operating characteristics of EUS-FNA of solid pancreatic masses were: sensitivity 95% (95% CI: 93.2-95.4), specificity 92% (95% CI: 86.6-95.7), positive predictive value 98% (95% CI: 97-99), negative predictive value 80% (95% CI: 74.9-82.7). The overall accuracy of EUS-FNA was 94.1% (95% CI: 92.0-94). Of the 414 true positive patients by EUS-FNA, 138 (33%) were explored. Of patients deemed operable by combined imaging, 42% had surgical resection. Eighty-two percent of true positive patients were ultimately found inoperable and received palliative therapy or chemotherapy. Of the 94 patients with true negative cytology based on extended follow-up, only 7 (7%) underwent surgical resection. Of those with false negative diagnoses (n∈=∈24), 5 patients underwent exploration/resection based on detection of mass lesions by EUS. The remaining patients had unresectable disease. Mild self-limiting pancreatitis occurred in (0.91%). EUS-FNA is a safe and highly accurate method for tissue diagnosis in suspected pancreatic cancer. This approach allows for preoperative counseling of patients, minimizing surgeon's operative time in cases of unresectable disease, and avoids surgical biopsies in the majority of patients with inoperable disease. In addition, it allows for conservative management of patients with benign biopsies. We still, however, recommend exploration of patients with clinical scenario suspicious for pancreatic cancer, a mass found on EUS or CT, but inconclusive or negative cytology. . © The Society for Surgery of the Alimentary Tract 2007. ER  - 
The emerging role of molecular imaging and targeted therapeutics in peritoneal carcinomatosis$$$ Peritoneal carcinomatosis is a common and often fatal late-stage complication of many gastrointestinal and gynecologic malignancies. This review discusses the ongoing evolution of diagnostic and treatment strategies for peritoneal carcinomatosis and the role that molecular imaging and radioimmunotherapy may play in improving patient survival. An overview of recent developments in targeted imaging and therapeutics for peritoneal carcinomatosis, as well as the authors opinions as to future developments in this field is also provided. © 2007 Informa UK Ltd. ER  - 
Comparative characterization of the efficiency and cellular pharmacokinetics of Foscan®- and Foslip®-based photodynamic treatment in human biliary tract cancer cell lines$$$ Due to the poor prognosis and limited management options for perihilar cholangiocarcinoma (CC) the development of alternatives for treatment is an important topic. Photodynamic therapy (PDT) with porfimer as palliative or neoadjuvant endoscopic treatment of non-resectable perihilar CC has improved quality of life and survival time, but cannot eradicate the primary tumors because of inadequate tumoricidal depth (4 mm only around the tumor stenoses). The use of meta-tetrahydroxyphenyl chlorin (mTHPC) and photoactivation at higher wavelengths (650-660 nm) provides high tumoricidal depth (10 mm) for PDT of pancreatic cancer and should yield similar tumoricidal depth in CC. This study investigates the photodynamic characteristics of mTHPC in solvent-based formulation (Foscan®) and in liposomal (water soluble) formulation (Foslip®) in an in vitro model system consisting of two biliary cancer cell lines (GBC, gall bladder cancer and BDC, bile duct cancer cells). Dark toxicity, photodynamic efficiency, time-dependent uptake and retention and intracellular localization of Foscan® and Foslip® were studied. The results prove mTHPC as a potent photosensitizing agent with high phototoxic potential in biliary cancer cells as a concentration of 600 ng ml-1 and irradiation with 1.5 J cm-2 (660 ± 10 nm) is sufficient for about 90% cell killing. Addition of foetal bovine serum (FBS) to the incubation medium and analysis of the uptake and phototoxic properties reveals that both photosensitizer formulations bind to serum protein fractions, i.e. no difference between Foscan® and Foslip® can be found in the presence of FBS. Laser scanning fluorescence microscopy indicates a similar pattern of perinuclear localization of both sensitizers. This study demonstrates the potential of mTHPC for treatment of bile duct malignancies and provides evidence that Foslip® is an equivalent water-soluble formulation of mTHPC that should ease intravenous application and thus clinical use of mTHPC. © The Royal Society of Chemistry and Owner Societies. ER  - 
Angiotensin- II administration is useful for the detection of liver metastasis from pancreatic cancer during pharmacoangiographic computed tomography$$$ Aim: To improve the preoperative diagnosis of liver metastasis from pancreatic cancer, we estimated computed tomography during arterial angiography (CTA) with/without administration of angiotensin- II (AT- II). Methods: Thirty-five patients with pancreatic cancer were examined in this study. After conventional CTA was performed, pharmacoangiographic CTA was performed with a 1-3 microgram/5 mL solution of angiotensin II injected through a catheter into the celiac artery during spiral computed tomography. We prospectively analyzed the relative region of interest (ROI) ratio of tumor to liver with/without AT- II. Results: In all patients, the relative ratio of each computed tomography (CT) number in the ROI was larger at pharmacoangiographic CT than at conventional angiographic CT. Administration of angiotensin-II enhanced the metastatic liver tumor as compared with normal tissue. Intratumoral blood flow increased in all patients with malignant tumors due to the pressure effect of AT-II. Furthermore, the metastatic lesions in the liver of three patients were represented by only pharmacoangiographic CT, not by conventional CT and conventional CT angiography. In even peripheral and central areas of metastatic liver tumor, the lesions were enhanced after administration of AT-II. Conclusion: These results support that high detection rate of liver metastasis revealed by pharmacoangiographic CT suggests the improvement of diagnosis on preoperative staging. Moreover, chemotherapy under AT-II induced hypertension may have a better effect on the treatment of metastatic liver tumors. © 2007 The WJG Press. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Impact of preoperative chemoradiotherapy on survival in patients with resectable pancreatic cancer$$$ Aim: To explore whether preoperative chemoradiation therapy improves survival of patients with pancreatic cancer undergoing resectional surgery. Methods: Forty-seven patients with a malignant pancreatic tumor localized in the head or uncinate process of the pancreas underwent radical pancreaticoduodenectomy. Twenty-two received chemoradiation therapy (gemcitabine and radiation dose 50.4 Gy) before surgery (CRR) and 25 patients underwent surgery only (RO). The study was non-randomised. Patients were identified from a prospective database. Results: The median survival time was 30.2 mo in the CRR group and 35.9 mo in the RO group. No statistically significant differences were found in subclasses according to lymph node involvement, TNM stages, tumor size, or perineural invasion. The one, three and five year survival rates were 81%, 33% and 33%, respectively, in the CRR group and 72%, 47% and 23%, respectively, in the RO group. In ductal adenocarcinoma, the median survival time was 27 mo in the CRR group and 20 mo in the RO group. No statistically significant differences were found in the above subclasses. The one, three and five year survival rates were 79%, 21% and 21%, respectively, in the CRR group and 64%, 50% and 14%, respectively, in the RO group. The overall hospital mortality rate was 2%. The morbidity rate was 45% in the CRR group and 32% (NS) in the RO group. Conclusion: Major multicenter randomized studies are needed to conclusively assess the impact of neoadjuvant treatment in the management of pancreatic cancer. © 2007 The WJG Press. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pancreatic cancer$$$ The commonest form of pancreatic cancer is pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. The long-term outcome of pancreatic cancer is extremely poor, the overall median survival from diagnosis being 3-6 months without treatment, which increases to around 20 months with resectional surgery and adjuvant treatment. Pancreatic cancer is usually diagnosed late and has a biological phenotype characterized by resistance to all cancer treatment modalities and early metastasis. Jaundice is the commonest presenting symptom. Endoscopic stent placement is preferable to transhepatic stenting. The average patency of metal stents in the distal common bile duct is about twice that of plastic stents, the latter lasting about 4 months. Curative surgery is rare. Pancreatoduodenectomy is the most appropriate resectional procedure for tumours of the head of pancreas. The operation should be confined to specialist centres, to reduce morbidity and mortality and increase resection rates. Adjuvant or neoadjuvant treatment in combination with operation should be given in the context of a clinical trial. Efforts should be made to obtain a tissue diagnosis in patients selected for palliation. Duodenal bypass should be used in addition to palliative surgical biliary bypass. If chemotherapy is used for palliation, gemcitabine is the treatment of choice. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Multimodality Therapy for Pancreatic Cancer$$$ Neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy can be administered safely to patients with pancreatic cancer. Complete pathologic responses are rare, however, and the benefits of this approach compared with standard adjuvant therapy are uncertain. The only way to evaluate the efficacy of neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy is a prospective trial involving a uniform patient population comparing the results of neoadjuvant and adjuvant therapy and a cohort receiving surgery alone. Such a study can be designed in an ethically sound manner but requires the collaboration of numerous institutions and careful coordination to achieve statistically conclusive results. The future of pancreatic cancer research rests on the availability and rapid transfer of new therapies from the laboratory to clinical research. © 2007. ER  - 
Pancreatic Endocrine Tumors$$$ Incidental, nonfunctional pancreatic endocrine tumors (PET) are observed with increasing frequency. Most are insulinomas. Endoscopic ultrasound with fine-needle aspiration plays a significant role in the localization and tissue diagnosis of PET. Establishing PET behavior as aggressive or indolent remains challenging especially preoperatively. Newer techniques including DNA and micro-RNA analysis may play a role in this arena. Small benign PET may be enucleated or removed laparascopically. Surgery is the mainstay of treating advanced disease including those with metastases and Zollinger-Ellison syndrome. The management of multiple endocrine neoplasia type 1 continues to be a challenge, including treating symptoms, targeted resections, and close observation. Diagnosis, management, and prognostication of PET are under evolution and a number of changes in these fronts are anticipated. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The role of liver transplantation for hilar cholangiocarcinoma$$$ Background: Hilar cholangiocarcinoma is a devastating disease. Surgery is the only potentially curative modality However, the results of surgical resection for hilar cholangiocarcinomas are disappointing. The introduction of liver transplantation for this condition has brought new hope for the management of this disease. The aim of this review is to discuss the role of liver transplantation in this disease. Data sources: A MEDLINE search was conducted for the articles on liver transplantation for hilar cholangiocarcinoma. Their results have been compiled and compared with the existing literature on resection for this disease. Results: The earlier series on liver transplantation for hilar cholangiocarcinoma were not encouraging because of poor patient selection. The Mayo Clinic protocol of neoadjuvant chemoradiation followed by liver transplantation has shown remarkable success (survival at 1-, 3-, and 5-year post-transplantation being 92%, 82%, and 82%, respectively). With better patient selection and integration of neoadjuvant chemoradiation, the long-term survival is superior to that of the patients who undergo resection, as shown by the published literature on resection. The limitations of organ availability can be overcome by the living donor liver transplantation programme. This review article discusses the rationale, pros and cons of liver transplantation vis-à-vis resection for hilar cholangiocarcinoma. Conclusions: Liver transplantation, especially living donor liver transplantation, is a new and exciting alternative to resection for hilar cholangiocarcinoma. Integration of neoadjuvant chemoradiation has the potential to further improve the curative potential of liver transplantation. The strategy of combining neoadjuvant chemoradiation and liver transplantation brings new hope for the treatment of this difficult disease. © 2007, Hepatobiliary Pancreat Dis Int. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Concurrent chemoradiotherapy for advanced pancreatic cancer: 1,000 mg/m2 Gemcitabine can be administered using limited-field radiotherapy$$$ Purpose: To examine the feasibility of concurrent use of full-dose gemcitabine (GEM) and radiotherapy for advanced pancreatic cancer. Patient and Methods: 22 patients with advanced pancreatic cancer were subjected to concurrent chemoradiotherapy (GEM 1,000 mg/m2 weekly, three times during 4 weeks). They received limited-field irradiation by three-dimensional radiotherapy planning. Results: Of the 22 patients, 16 (72%) completed the treatment (50 Gy irradiation and at least three times concurrent administration of 1 g/m2 GEM). One patient with unresectable tail cancer showed peritonitis carcinomatosa and both chemotherapy and radiotherapy had to be stopped. Dose reduction or omission of GEM was necessary in another four patients. In addition, radiotherapy was discontinued in one patient for fatigue. Grade 3 hematologic toxicity was detected in eight patients (36%), and grade 3 nonhematologic toxicity (anorexia) in one patient (5%). In total, the response rate amounted to 32% (seven partial responses), and the median survival time (MST) was 16 months. Among the twelve patients who received preoperative chemoradiotherapy, nine underwent surgery and showed a survival rate of 78% at 1 year. Another 13 patients without surgery showed 14 months of MST. No regional lymph node failure has appeared so far. Conclusion: Limited-field radiotherapy enables the safe concurrent administration of 1,000 mg/m2 GEM. © 2007 Urban & Vogel München. ER  - 
Complete remission by chemotherapy in stage IE-IIE primary gastric lymphoma$$$ Background/Aims: There are many controversies regarding the treatment for primary gastric non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (PGL). We hypothesized that preoperative chemotherapy and extensive surgery would improve patient survival in the treatment of early stage patients with PGL. Methodology: Between 1997 and 2001, we prospectively evaluated 10 patients with stage IE and IIE PGL. The histological diagnoses were established by endoscopic biopsies in all cases. All patients received preoperative chemotherapy, i.e. CHOP or MACOP-B. Upon the completion of chemotherapy, the extensive surgery including total gastrectomy, splenectomy, cholecystectomy, and paraaortic lymphadenectomy were performed. The response rates of preoperative chemotherapy and overall survival were analyzed. Results: All patients were still alive with no signs of recurrence with a median follow-up of 86 months (range, 40 to 102 months) after surgery. In all patients, microscopic examinations did not reveal residual lymphoma cells in the resected stomach or lymph nodes. Chemotherapy-related preoperative complications such as perforation or intestinal bleeding did not occur in any of the cases. Postoperative complications developed in 30% (3/10) of patients and consisted of 2 pancreatic fistulas, 3 intra-abdominal abscesses, and 1 anastomotic leak. Conclusions: Primary chemotherapy alone without surgery may produce complete remission in Stage IE-IIE PGL. © H.G.E. Update Medical Publishing S.A. ER  - 
Should patients with cancer be offered nutritional support: Does the benefit outweigh the burden?$$$ Nutrition support has been widely advocated as adjunctive therapy for a variety of underlying illnesses, including surgery and medical oncotherapy (radiation or chemotherapy for cancer). Both parenteral and enteral nutrition have been mistakenly viewed as feeding, when, in fact, they are medical interventions with associated risks and costs. The argument that nutrition support has to be provided to patients to prevent 'starving to death' confuses the difference between dying in a malnourished state and dying as a direct consequence of nutrient deprivation; cancer patients fit into the former category. As is true for any other medical intervention, efficacy is best established by randomized controlled clinical trials. When these forms of nutrition support have been so assessed, they have not usually been found to be any more efficacious than food on a tray or intravenous 5% dextrose solutions. In fact, parenteral nutrition actually caused harm in patients receiving medical oncotherapy (more total and infectious complications and fewer tumor responses). With regard to cancer patients, the only benefit that was demonstrated was the use of preoperative parenteral nutrition in patients undergoing attempted curative surgery for cancer of the upper gastrointestinal tract (esophagus, stomach, or pancreas). As nutrition support has associated complications (infections, mechanical problems with the tubes, and metabolic problems from the infusates) as well as costs, it cannot be recommended for cancer patients with the exception of the preoperative care of those with upper gastrointestinal malignancies and the occasional patient with gastrointestinal tract inadequacy owing to a slow-growing lesion. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Adjuvant therapy for pancreatic cancer to treat or not to treat?$$$ Despite attempted curative resection of localized adenocarcinoma of the pancreas, most patients experience a recurrence and die of their disease. The Gastrointestinal Tumor Study Group, European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer, and European Study Group for Pancreatic Cancer trials have suggested the benefit of adjuvant therapy. However, the relatively few randomized trials available have not established a definite standard of care due to study limitations. Although these trials, and the recently published Charite Onkologie (CONKO)-001 trial, have shown a definite advantage of adjuvant chemotherapy, the most effective chemotherapy and the role of radiation therapy remain unclear. This review will discuss the data available from reported trials of adjuvant and neoadjuvant therapy in pancreatic cancer, address the issues leading to the ongoing controversies, and consider future directions for clinical trials. ER  - 
Is there an optimal neoadjuvant therapy for locally advanced pancreatic cancer?$$$ Treatment of locally advanced pancreatic cancer is challenging. Despite continuing research, effective treatments continue to be elusive with median survival of only 8-12 months. Treatment options for locally advanced pancreatic cancer include radiation therapy, concurrent chemoradiation or chemotherapy. It is felt that radiation therapy is a suboptimal treatment as most of patients will die of systemic disease. In the past, radiation with 5-FU was the standard treatment for locally advanced pancreatic cancer. But now radiation has been used with combination other chemo agents such as paclitaxel or gemcitabine in order to increase the efficacy. Chemotherapy such as gemcitabine alone or gemcitabine doublet also has been studied in patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer as well with overall survival being approximately the same magnitude as chemoradiation. The exact role of chemoradiation or chemotherapy in treatment of locally advanced pancreatic cancer is yet to be defined. Hence, this review summarizes and compares of role of radiation, chemoradiation and chemotherapy in treating this disease. ER  - 
A resected case of effective treatment with gemcitabine for advanced pancreatic cancer with peritoneal metastasis$$$ We report a resected case of advanced pancreatic cancer after successful chemotherapy. A 69-year-old man with abdominal pain was diagnosed as locally advanced pancreatic tail cancer with peritoneal metastasis based on computed tomography (CT). Preoperative serum CA 19-9 was 5,046 U/mL. In the outpatient setting, gemcitabine (GEM) at a dose of 1,000 mg/m(2)was administered once a week for 3 weeks with a 1-week rest as 1 cycle. Abdominal CT scan after 5 cycles of chemotherapy revealed that ascites disappeared and the tumor dramatically shrank. Serum CA 19-9 also dropped to 12 U/mL. Thus, we considered the patient had a partial response, and performed distal pancreatectomy and splenectomy with D 3 lymph node dissection. Peritoneal seeding was not found and peritoneal washing cytology was negative. Histological examination of the primary lesion revealed a small amount of residual cancer cells. However, he died of peritoneal metastasis only 3 months after the operation. Surgical resection following chemotherapy should be performed carefully after close evaluation of the antitumor efficacy including residual isolated tumor cell for patients with previously distant metastases. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant therapy in pancreatic cancer$$$ Pancreatic cancer is the fourth leading cause of cancer deaths in the United States. Surgical resection offers the only hope of cure, though the addition of chemoradiation in the adjuvant setting has been shown to improve survival over surgery alone. Many patients are unable to receive adjuvant therapy due to prolonged postoperative recovery. For this reason, administration of chemoradiation preoperatively (neoadjuvant) has been proposed as an alternative to postoperative treatment. In patients with resectable disease, neoadjuvant therapy results in similar survivals compared to postoperative therapy, with a greater proportion of patients able to complete treatment. For selected patients with borderline or unresectable disease, neoadjuvant therapy offers the potential for tumor downstaging and increasing the likelihood of a margin-negative resection. This article reviews the use of neoadjuvant therapy in the treatment of pancreatic cancer. Copyright © Informa Healthcare. ER  - 
Clinicopathological characteristics of 15 patients with combined hepatocellular carcinoma and cholangiocarcinoma$$$ Background: Combined hepatocellular carcinoma and cholangiocarcinoma (cHCC-CC) is a rare subtype of primary liver cancer, and clinicopathological features of cHCC-CC have seldom been reported in detail. This study was undertaken to explore the diagnosis and clinicopathological characteristics of cHCC-CC in comparison with hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) and cholangiocarcinoma (CC), respectively. Methods: The clinical data from 15 patients with cHCC-CC, 132 patients with HCC and 44 patients with CC who had undergone hepatic resection were analyzed retrospectively. Clinicopathological characteristics of cHCC-CC, HCC and CC such as hepatitis B viral infection, serum hepatitis C virus (HCV) antibody, serum alpha-fetoprotein (AFP) level, cirrhosis, vascular invasion, lymph node metastasis, surgical procedure and adjuvant treatment were also analyzed. Follow up was carried out in the patients, and their 1-, 3-, and 5-year survival rates were calculated. Results: Two patients with cHCC-CC were correctly diagnosed by enhanced CT before operation, the other 13 patients were diagnosed by histology and immunohistochemistry after operation. Radical (8/15) and conservative hepatectomy (7/15) for cHCC-CC was similar to that for HCC and CC (P>0.05). Pathologically cHCC-CC showed more significantly vascular invasion and lymph node metastasis than HCC (P<0.05), and a similarity to CC (P>0.05). Hepatitis B viral infection, serum HCV antibody, cirrhosis, and serum AFP level of cHCC-CC patients were similar to those of HCC patients (P>0.05) but different from CC patients (P<0.05). The cumulative 1-, 3-, and 5-year survival rates in patients with cHCC-CC were poorer than in patients with HCC or CC (P<0.05). Conclusions: Patients with cHCC-CC are seldom diagnosed before operation. The progression of cHCC-CC is more rapid than that of HCC or CC. Survival rate of patients with cHCC-CC after hepatic resection is poorer than that of patients with HCC or CC. © 2007, Hepatobiliary Pancreat Dis Int. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Publication bias does not play a role in the reporting of the results of endoscopic ultrasound staging of upper gastrointestinal cancer$$$ Background and study aim: An overestimation of the accuracy of endoscopic ultrasound (EUS) results in rectal cancer staging has been reported recently, which was found to be caused by the selective reporting of more positive results. In this study, we assessed whether publication bias was also present in the reporting of EUS staging results in upper gastrointestinal cancer. Methods: A Medline literature search was performed. English-language articles containing information on the accuracy of EUS for T staging and/ or N staging of esophageal, gastric, and pancreatic cancer were included. Articles published in abstract form only, case reports, and reviews were excluded. Studies reporting EUS results of patients who had undergone preoperative radiation and/or chemotherapy were also excluded. EUS results were plotted against numbers of patients, year of publication, journal type, and journal impact factor. Results: The plots of the numbers of patients against accuracies for T stage and N stage and the statistical analyses showed no evidence of publication bias with regard to upper gastrointestinal cancer. The reported accuracy of EUS for the T stage of esophageal, gastric, and pancreatic cancer declined slightly over the years, but this was statistically significant only in the case of esophageal cancer (P = 0.01). No statistically significant correlations were found for N staging for any of the three types of cancer. In addition, no correlations were found between EUS results and journal type or journal impact factor. Conclusion: No evidence was found for the selective reporting of more positive EUS results for esophageal, gastric, and pancreatic cancer staging, which suggests that publication bias was not present. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart. ER  - 
Medical treatment of pancreatic cancer$$$ Pancreatic carcinoma is a divastating disease with the worst prognosis of all solid tumors; the only cure is surgery. The vast majority of patients are inoperable at the time of diagnosis and require palliative treatment. With a median survival time oscillating around 6 months, indicating an almost complete resistance to conventional cytotoxic and radiation therapy, there is ample room for improvement. Therefore, pancreatic carcinoma has been used to trial many new substances and novel concepts. All aspects of palliative antitumor treatment will be presented in detail and discussed. Finally, some outlooks are given into the future of pancreatic cancer treatment. © 2007 Future Drugs Ltd. ER  - 
Aggressive surgery in the multimodality treatment of liver metastases from colorectal cancer$$$ Purpose: The purpose of this study was to analyze the impact of aggressive surgery concerning resection of liver metastases (LMs) from colorectal cancer (CRC) on morbidity, mortality and survival rates and to establish the benefits of multimodal strategies in increasing the resectability rates of LMS. Patients and methods: From January 2004-April 2006 184 patients with CRC underwent surgical interventions at our clinic. Thirty-four (18.4%) of them had LMs at the time of initial diagnosis, and 26 patients developed LMs in a certain period of time after resection of the primary CRC. Multimodal therapeutic approach included thermoablation, neoadjuvant chemotherapy and surgery. Results: 44 resections were performed in 29 patients: one-stage resection of the primary CRC and the LMs in 15 (40%) cases, resection and thermoablation after adjuvant chemotherapy in 2 (4.3%), resection after neoadjuvant chemotherapy in 8 (17.2%), two-stage liver resection in 1 (2.15%), resection after recurrence or because ofa newfound LM in 3 (6.45%). Five resections of metastases larger than 5 cm, and 4 resections of 4 or more liver metastases were performed. Morbidity rate was 15.9% (bile leakage in 4 patients, liver abscess in 1 and wound disruption in 2). Mortality rate was 2.2% (1 patient). Conclusion: Multimodal approach in the treatment of LMs of CRC increases resectability and patient survival and has no influence on morbidity and mortality. © 2007 Zerbinis Medical Publications. ER  - 
Concurrent gemcitabine and radiotherapy with and without neoadjuvant gemcitabine for locally advanced unresectable or resected pancreatic cancer: A phase I-II study$$$ Purpose: To determine the safety, efficacy, and tolerability of biweekly gemcitabine with concurrent radiotherapy (RT) for resected and locally advanced (LA) pancreatic cancer. Methods and Materials: Eligible patients had either LA or resected pancreatic cancer. Between March 1999 and July 2001, 63 patients (31 with LA and 32 with resected disease) were treated. Of the 63 patients, 28 were enrolled in a Phase I study of increasing radiation doses (35 Gy [n = 7], 43.75 Gy [n = 11], and 52.5 Gy [n = 10] given within 4, 5, or 6 weeks, respectively, in 1.75-Gy fractions) concurrently with 40 mg/m2 gemcitabine biweekly. Subsequently, 35 were enrolled in a Phase II study with the addition of induction gemcitabine 1000 mg/m2 within 7 or 8 weeks to concurrent biweekly gemcitabine (40 mg/m2) and 52.5 Gy RT within 6 weeks. Results: In the LA population, the best response observed was a complete response in 1, partial response in 3, stable disease in 10, and progressive disease in 17. In the phase II trial, gemcitabine plus RT was not delivered to 8 patients because of progression with induction gemcitabine alone (n = 5) or by patient request (n = 3). On intent-to-treat analysis, the median survival in the LA patients was 13.9 months and the 2-year survival rate was 16.1%. In the resected population, the median progression-free survival was 8.3 months, the median survival was 18.4 months, and the 2- and 5-year survival rate was 36% and 19.4%, respectively. The treatment was well tolerated; the median gemcitabine dose intensity was 96% of the planned dose in the neoadjuvant and concurrent portions of the Phase II study. No treatment-related deaths occurred. Conclusion: Biweekly gemcitabine (40 mg/m2) concurrently with RT (52.5 Gy in 30 fractions of 1.75 Gy) with or without induction gemcitabine is safe and tolerable and shows efficacy in patients with LA and resected pancreatic cancer. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Multimodality treatment of pancreatic carcinoma$$$ Pancreatic carcinoma is a common malignancy of gastrointestinal system. Multi-department and multi-center combined therapy has great developments in many areas, including surgery, chemotherapy, radiotherapy, physical, biological-therapy and so on. Surgical management is a major therapy, including radical operation and palliative operation. Rational operation could improve the patients' long-term survival rate and the quality of life. Radiotherapy includes accessory irradiation combined with operation and palliative irradiation. Preoperational radiotherapy and chemotherapy could improve resectional rate of operation and decrease the tumor dissemination. Intraoperation irradiation includes intraoperative electron radiation therapy, intraoperative radiational practical implantment and so on. It could relieve pain and enhance survival rate, but the effect of post-operation adjuvant radiotherapy is still controversial. Chemotherapy consists of intravenous chemotherapy and regional chemotherapy, combined chemotherapy couldn't significantly prolong the survival term of patients with pancreatic carcinoma compared with single chemotherapy. Regional chemotherapy is selective artery administration and has many advantages in theory. Physical and biological-therapy also get widely recommendations. But only combined therapy consisting of surgical resection, radiotherapy, chemotherapy, physical and biological-therapy could increase the long-term survival rates and improve the life quality of the patients with pancreatic carcinoma. ER  - 
Primary resection versus neoadjuvant chemoradiation followed by resection for locally resectable or potentially resectable pancreatic carcinoma without distant metastasis. A multi-centre prospectively randomised phase II-study of the Interdisciplinary Working Group Gastrointestinal Tumours (AIO, ARO, and CAO)$$$ Background: The disappointing results of surgical therapy alone of ductal pancreatic cancer can only be improved using multimodal approaches. In contrast to adjuvant therapy, neoadjuvant chemoradiation is able to facilitate resectability with free margins and to lower lymphatic spread. Another advantage is better tolerability which consecutively allows applying multimodal treatment in a higher number of patients. Furthermore, the synopsis of the overall survival results of neoadjuvant trials suggests a higher rate compared to adjuvant trials. Methods/Design: As there are no prospectively randomised studies for neoadjuvant therapy, the Interdisciplinary Study Group of Gastrointestinal Tumours of the German Cancer Aid has started such a trial. The study investigates the effect of neoadjuvant chemoradiation in locally resectable or probably resectable cancer of the pancreatic head without distant metastasis on median overall survival time compared to primary surgery. Adjuvant chemotherapy is integrated into both arms. Discussion: The protocol of the study is presented in condensed form af ter an introducing survey on adjuvant and neoadjuvant therapy in pancreatic cancer. © 2007 Brunner et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. ER  - 
Pulmonary pleomorphic carcinoma with rapid and peculiar metastases$$$ report of a case; A 54-year-old man was pointed out a mass shadow during treatment of suspected acute pyothorax. He was diagnosed as large cell carcinoma by transbronchial biopsy. Preoperative chemotherapy and right lower lobectomy were done. In pathological examination, he was diagnosed as pulmonary pleomorpic carcinoma. Postoperatively, he had rapid metastases of the pancreas, skin, muscle, brain and oral cavity. We reported a case of pulmonary pleomorphic carcinoma with rapid and peculiar metastases. ER  - 
Myogenous sarcoma of the gallbladder with a hemangiopericytomatous pattern$$$ Primary sarcoma of the gallbladder is a very rare neoplasm, and there are few instances of its diagnostic and therapeutic management. We describe a 66-year-old male patient with a sarcoma of the gallbladder. He initially underwent a laparoscopic cholecystectomy, converted to an open procedure. Histology showed a primary sarcoma of the gallbladder (NOS). A relaparotomy, with resection of the cystic stump, anatomical hepatic resection of the fifth segment, including the bed of gallbladder, and lymphadenectomy was performed a few days later. The two surgical interventions were done with no major complications, and a radical resection status was achieved. Histological investigation revealed a malignant mesenchymal tumor lesion, which was classified as a myogenous sarcoma with a hemangiopericytomatous pattern. After an 11-month, uneventful, postoperative course, local tumor recurrence was diagnosed. Palliative chemotherapy was scheduled, but the patient died of advanced tumor recurrence 10 days after this diagnosis. Despite a poor overall prognosis, extensive surgical resection is favored for myogeneous sarcoma of the gallbladder; this procedure is based on precise clarification of the histopathological diagnosis, and can be followed by attempts with radiation of chemotherapy if early diagnosis-finding has failed. This approach allowed, in our patient with this rare neoplasm, a remarkable tumor-free survival of almost 1 year. © Springer-Verlag Tokyo 2007. ER  - 
A case of adenosquamous gastric carcinoma successfully treated with TS-1, low-dose CDDP and docetaxel as neoadjuvant chemotherapy$$$ The patient was a 66-year-old male with extremely advanced gastric cancer type 3 and diagnosed with adenocarcinoma by endoscopic biopsies specimens. Combined chemotherapy of TS-1, CDDP and docetaxel was prescribed in order for tumor reduction and downstaging. TS-1 (80 mg/m(2)) was administered 28 days followed by 14 days rest as one course. CDDP (8 mg/m(2)) was administered on days 1, 2, 14 and 15 and docetaxel (40 mg/m(2)) was administered on day 1 and 14, followed by 4 weeks rest as one course. After 2 courses of treatment, a CT scan revealed a minor response of tumor reduction. Therefore, total gastrectomy, partial pancreas body and tail resection, and D 2 lymph node dissection were performed. The patient had undergone adjuvant chemotherapy of TS-1 and biweekly docetaxel after surgery with no recurrence for 13 months. Adverse reactions were grade 3 neutropenia and grade 2 diarrhea. Combined chemotherapy of TS-1, low-dose CDDP and docetaxel were intensive and required constant patient monitoring. However, it proved effective and feasible as a neoadjuvant chemotherapy regimen for advanced gastric cancer. ER  - 
Preoperative chemotherapy and the outcome of liver resection for colorectal metastases$$$ Background: Neoadjuvant systemic chemotherapy is being increasingly used prior to liver resection for colorectal metastases. Oxaliplatin has been implicated in causing structural changes to the liver parenchyma, and such changes may increase the morbidity and mortality of surgery. Patients and Methods: A retrospective study was undertaken of 101 consecutive patients who had undergone liver resection for colorectal metastases in two HPB centers. Preoperative demographic and premorbid data were gathered along with liver function tests and tumor markers. A subjective assessment of the surgical procedure was noted, and in-hospital morbidity and mortality were calculated. The effect of preoperative chemotherapy on short-term and long-term outcome was analyzed, and actuarial 1 and 3 year survival was determined. Results: Patients who received neoadjuvant chemotherapy had a higher number of metastases (median 2, range 1-8 versus median 1, range 1-5; P = 0.019) and more had synchronous tumors (24 patients versus 8; P < 0.001). Overall morbidity was 37% and hospital mortality was 3.9%. Operative and in-hospital outcome was not influenced by chemotherapy. Long-term survival was worse in patients who had received preoperative chemotherapy (actuarial 3-year survival 62% versus 80%; P = 0.04). Conclusions: This study shows no evidence that neoadjuvant chemotherapy, and in particular oxaliplatin, increases the risk associated with liver resection for colorectal metastases. Long-term outcome is reduced in patients receiving preoperative chemotherapy, although they have more advanced disease. © 2007 Société Internationale de Chirurgie. ER  - 
The concurrent chemoradiation paradigm - General principles$$$ During the past 20 years, the advent of neoadjuvant, primary, and adjuvant concurrent chemoradiotherapy has improved cancer care dramatically. Significant contributions have been made by technological improvements in radiotherapy, as well as by the introduction of novel chemotherapy agents and dosing schedules. This article will review the rationale for the use of concurrent chemoradiotherapy for treating malignancies. The molecular basis and mechanisms of action of combining classic cytotoxic agents (e.g. platinum-containing drugs, taxanes, etc.) and novel agents (e.g. tirapazamine, EGFR inhibitors and other targeted agents) with radiotherapy will be examined. This article is part one of two articles. In the subsequent article, the general principles outlined here will be applied to head and neck cancer, in which the impact of concurrent chemoradiotherapy is particularly evident. ER  - 
Management of gastroesophageal tumors$$$ The incidence of adenocarcinomas of the gastroesophageal junction has increased in recent years. These tumors possess distinct pathophysiologic characteristics. Although the consensus is that an R0 resection (complete microscopic and macroscopic resection) is the goal when operating for curative intent, much controversy remains regarding other aspects of patient management. There is lack of consensus regarding the type of surgery to perform, the role and extent of lymphadenectomy, and the role of neoadjuvant therapy. Utilizing an evidence-based approach, this review article provides an overview of the management of gastroesophageal junction carcinomas with particular emphasis on current areas of controversy. ©AlphaMed Press. ER  - 
Hepatocellular carcinoma arising from ectopic liver tissue in the pancreas$$$ Liver tissue ectopia is a well-documented phenomenon. Rarely, hepatocellular carcinoma arises from the ectopic liver tissue. In this paper, we report a case of a primary, well-differentiated hepatocellular carcinoma arising from ectopic liver tissue in the pancreas. The patient is a 58-year-old Hispanic man with no history of underlying liver diseases or chronic pancreatic diseases. Patient presented with a several days history of abdominal pain with radiation to his right upper quadrant. Imaging study revealed a 3.7 × 3.3-cm mass in the distal pancreas. No other lesions were identified. Preoperative fine needle aspiration revealed blood and atypical hepatocytes. The patient underwent distal pancreatectomy and splenectomy for suspected neuroendocrine tumor. Gross examination revealed a well-circumscribed 3.3-cm, beige-tan, pseudolobulated tumor with focal areas of hyperpigmentation. A microscopic examination revealed hepatoid cells arranged in a trabecular pattern with focal bile pigment. Immunohistochemistry study showed that the tumor cells were reactive with hepatocyte antigen (Hep par 1), alpha-1 antitrypsin, but negative for synaptophysin and chromogranin. Immunostain for polyclonal carcinoembryonic antigen showed a typical bile canalicular pattern. These results support that this tumor in the pancreas is hepatocellular carcinoma, most likely arising from ectopic liver tissue within the pancreas. © 2007 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Pancreatic cancer$$$ Pancreatic cancer accounts for 3% of all cancers in the UK; 7000 new cases are diagnosed annually and a similar number die from the disease each year. It is usually diagnosed late and only about 10-20% of patients with pancreatic cancer are eligible for resection; after resection, the median survival is 11-20 months and the five-year survival is 7-25%. Patients with unresectable locally advanced disease have a median survival of 6-11 months, and those with metastatic disease have a median survival of 2-6 months. Accurate staging has a vital role in the management of pancreatic tumours now that non-surgical palliative options are available. CT is widely used in the preoperative staging of pancreatic neoplasms. With recent advances in MRI and endoscopic ultrasonography, it is now possible to improve the accuracy of preoperative staging, particularly with respect to local invasion and regional node involvement. Resection is the only treatment that offers the potential of cure; ideally, an R0 resection should be aimed for. Chemotherapy renders a survival advantage in the adjuvant setting, even in patients undergoing R1 resections. Palliative chemotherapy with gemcitabine can improve survival by 10-15% and other palliative therapies are aimed at relieving jaundice, controlling pain, treating malabsorption and reversing cancer cachexia. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Successful treatment of advanced gastric cancer by surgical resection following combination chemotherapy with oral S-1 and biweekly paclitaxel$$$ We report on the successful treatment of advanced gastric cancer by surgical resection following neoadjuvant chemotherapy. A 67-year-old man was referred to our hospital with a diagnosis of pancreatic cancer. Meticulous examination, however, revealed the presence of gastric cancer with ascites and large lymph node metastasis adjacent to the pancreas. We selected combination chemotherapy with oral S-1 and biweekly paclitaxel. After two courses, both the primary tumor and metastatic lymph nodes were greatly reduced, and the ascites had disappeared. Using laparoscopy, there was no evidence of peritoneal metastases, and the cytological examination was negative. The patient underwent distal gastrectomy with D2 lymph node dissection. Histological examination revealed that the cancer cells were still present in part, but no lymph node metastases were found. The tumor was pathologically diagnosed as pT2, pN0, P0, M0, CY0, and p-stage II. The patient is healthy over 4 years after surgery without recurrence. © 2007 International and Japanese Gastric Cancer Association. ER  - 
Pancreatic endoscopic retrograde cholangio-pancreatography (ERCP)$$$ We review developments in five areas of therapeutic endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP) and management of pancreatic tumors during the period September 2005-August 2006. First, in the management of painful chronic pancreatitis, the use of multiple plastic stents for aggressive dilation of strictures located in the head of the pancreas has been put forward to resolve two significant issues associated with current techniques, i.e., the requirement for numerous ERCPs for stent exchange and the high relapse rate after stent removal. We then discuss the identification of protective factors against post-ERCP pancreatitis following pancreatic sphincterotomy. Next, bearing in mind the prospect of increasing use of neoadjuvant chemotherapy for resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma, new evidence supporting the systematic use of self-expandable metal biliary stents before cancer staging is presented and critically considered. A French study on the natural history of intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasms, which reinforces the current recommendation not to operate on all of these patients, is also discussed. Finally two centers with a high volume of cases have reported their experience with the drainage of pancreatic fluid collections with or without endosonography (EUS) guidance. It appears that EUS has extended the applicability of endoscopic drainage but, for collections amenable to conventional endoscopic techniques, it remains uncertain whether safety and effectiveness are improved when EUS guidance is used. Technical requisites for long-term success of drainage have been confirmed: multiple, double-pigtail stents should be inserted for a minimum of 6 weeks. It has also become evident that training in this technique is insufficient at many centers. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart. ER  - 
Optimizing administration of epidermal growth factor receptor-targeted agents in the treatment of colorectal cancer$$$ The monoclonal antibodies against the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) are active in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer (CRC; mCRC). This activity has been shown initially in irinotecan- and chemotherapy- refractory mCRC. The correlation of rash after EGFR inhibitors and activity has led to the concept of the dose until rash study. Clinical trials evaluating this concept are ongoing. However, many unresolved challenges remain regarding this question. New challenges include the development of the most optimal schedule of the EGFR inhibitors and the evaluation of their role in less advanced stages and in the preoperative treatment of liver metastases of CRC. ER  - 
Superiority of extended neoadjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine in pancreatic cancer: A comparative analysis in a clinically adapted orthotopic xenotransplantation model in SCID beige mice$$$ Background: Intensive efforts are being made to develop new approaches for adjuvant or neoadjuvant treatment in pancreas carcinoma. Recently, we established an animal model simulating an adjuvant therapeutic treatment setting. In order to additionally mimic a neoadjuvant treatment regime, we further developed the preclinical testing system. Methods: Subtotal pancreatectomy was performed in mice after orthotopic inoculation of human pancreatic cancer cells (PancTu1). Four different settings were investigated: control without chemotherapy, adjuvant, neoadjuvant and extended neoadjuvant treatment protocols employing gemcitabine. All animals were autopsied 28 days after tumor resection. Results: 28 of 32 animals survived the treatment setting. The largest pancreatic tumor masses were seen in animals without any chemotherapy, and the different chemotherapy protocols resulted in a stepwise reduction of the tumor mass. The mean weight of locally recurrent tumors was 553.1 ± 133.2 mg (control) and 44 ± 21.8 mg (adjuvant treatment group). Animals in the neoadjuvant treatment group developed larger tumor masses (215 ± 191.3 mg) but fewer organ metastases. An extended neoadjuvant treatment setting proved to be most effective, resulting in the smallest tumor masses (25.6 ± 8.8 mg) and the fewest organ metastases. Conclusion: Murine orthotopic tumor resection is an excellent simulation of the clinical situation and therefore provides a relevant option for preclinical comparative testing of new therapeutic strategies. To our knowledge, this is the first model described, in which all different therapeutic regimes for pancreatic carcinoma were systematically compared with each other in a standardized manner. The extended neoadjuvant regime proved to be superior. ©2007 Landes Bioscience. ER  - 
Ovarian Cancer$$$ Transvaginal ultrasound is a primary modality for adnexal mass detection and characterization. The current combined technique, which includes assessment of morphologic features and Doppler characteristics, gives the most accurate prediction of malignancy. Gadolinium-enhanced MR imaging serves as a problem-solving modality in cases of indeterminate adnexal masses. A combination of T1-weighted images and T1-weighted images with fatsaturation helps to differentiate most common benign adnexal masses, such as endometrioma and teratoma, from malignant ones. Contrast-enhanced CT of the abdomen and pelvis is the primary modality for preoperative staging and treatment follow-up. In cases of pelvic recurrence, MR imaging is a preferred modality to assess tumor resectability. In equivocal cases when tumor recurrence is suggested by an increase in the tumor marker CA-125, but tumor implants are too small to be detected by conventional CT, combined PET/CT may be valuable for determining tumor activity. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Integrated CT-PET Imaging of Esophageal Cancer: Unexpected and Unusual Distribution of Distant Organ Metastases$$$ CT-PET imaging is being increasingly used for the initial staging, assessment of treatment response, and follow-up of patients with esophageal carcinoma, primarily because of its superior detection of distant metastases compared to conventional methods. Our recent experience has shown that metastases from esophageal cancer can occur in unusual locations and have an unexpected presentation. Recognition of the distribution and appearance of esophageal metastases is important for optimal image interpretation in order to avoid confusion with more benign disease. This article reviews the location and appearance of metastases detected by CT-PET imaging in patients with esophageal cancer either at presentation or after preoperative or definitive chemoradiation therapy. © 2007 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pancreatoblastoma$$$ Pancreablastoma (PB), or infantile pancreatic carcinoma, is an extremely rare pancreatic tumor in childhood, comprising 0.5% of pancreatic non-endocrine tumors. Although PB mainly presents during childhood but can also occur in adults. PB tend to be less aggressive in infants and children compared to adults. Children with PB usually present late with upper abdominal pain and many have a palpable mass in the epigastrium. Mechanical obstruction of the upper duodenum and gastric outlet by tumor in the head of the pancreas may be associated with vomiting, jaundice and gastrointestinal bleeding. Histologically, PB is characterized with distinct acinar and squamoid cell differentiation. PB has been associated with alterations in the Wnt signaling pathway and chromosome 11p loss of heterozygosity (LOH), Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome and familial adenomatous polyposis. The majority of these tumors arise in the head of the pancreas. Alpha-fetoprotein may be elevated in up to 68% of patients with PB. Ultrasound and CT scan may be useful but preoperative diagnosis is often quite difficult. The treatment of choice is complete resection, that may often be curative. The role of adjuvant chemotherapy or radiotherapy is still under discussion due to small number of patients treated as yet. Chemotherapy regimens consisting of cyclophosphamide, etoposide, doxorubicin, and cisplatin have been used in neoadjuvant setting with anecdotal benefit. Prognosis of this rare tumor is good, when resected completely. Prognosis is poorer, when there is metastasis or when it is inoperable. On the whole, PB is regarded to be a curable tumor; hence the clinical diagnosis should be made early. Awareness of this rare tumor of pancreas is essential for early detection and proper management. The author review the clinical presentation, etiology, diagnosis, treatment and prognosis of PB in this presentation. ER  - 
Adjuvant and neoadjuvant treatment for pancreatic adenocarcinoma in 2006$$$ About 5 300 new cases of pancreatic adenocarcinomas are diagnosed each year in France. At the time of diagnosis, an efficient carcinologic surgery will not be possible for nearly 80 % of patients, in relation to locoregional extension or metastatic dissemination. After surgical resection, the median survival of resected patients ranges from 12 to 20 months, with a high rate of loco-regional or metastatic relapses. Numerous therapeutic trials, adjuvant or neo-adjuvant, have been conducted in aim of which to improve locoregioanl control and survival rates. Chemotherapy and chemoradiotherapy represent adjuvant treatments. In one trial, a chemotherapy regimen with 5-fluorouracil and folinic acide (FUFOL) has proven its efficience for survival improvement by comparaison to chemoradiotherapy and is at this time the reference treatment in Europe. In another trial, using adjuvant gemcitabine results in an improvement in disease-free survival. Some phase III trials are in progress to evaluate new therapeutic strategies. The aim of neoadjuvant strategy using chemoradiotherapy is to enhance the rate of complete resections and by the way local control. This is under evaluation. This paper presents a summary of adjuvant and neoadjuvant trials for patients with potentially resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma. © John Libbey Eurotext. ER  - 
Delayed Recovery after Pancreaticoduodenectomy: A Major Factor Impairing the Delivery of Adjuvant Therapy?$$$ Background: Delayed recovery after pancreaticoduodenectomy (PD) is believed to preclude adjuvant therapy for approximately 30% of patients who undergo elective PD as initial treatment for pancreatic adenocarcinoma. This study reexamined the frequency of delayed recovery and assessed other factors associated with adjuvant therapy administration after PD at a high-volume center. Study Design: Preoperative and perioperative variables were reviewed in a consecutive series of 85 patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma undergoing PD without preoperative chemotherapy or radiotherapy from 1990 to 2004. Results: Study groups included patients undergoing emergency PD (group 1, n = 13); elective PD with good preoperative Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status (PS) (group 2, ECOG PS: 0 to 1, n = 63); and elective PD with marginal preoperative PS (group 3, ECOG PS: 2 to 3, n = 9). Delayed recovery of PS precluded adjuvant therapy in 23% of patients in group 1, 6% of patients in group 2, and 44% of patients in group 3 (p = 0.0001). Conclusions: The impact of delayed recovery after PD on the delivery of adjuvant therapy depends on the urgency of surgery and the preoperative PS. For patients with good preoperative PS who undergo elective PD at a high-volume center, it is uncommon for delayed recovery to preclude delivery of adjuvant therapy. © 2007 American College of Surgeons. ER  - 
Preoperative chemoradiation and intra-operative radiotherapy for pancreatic carcinoma$$$ Aims and background: In recent years, preoperative chemoradiation has received growing interest for the treatment of locally advanced pancreatic cancer. In an attempt to improve resectability and disease control, we used preoperative radiation therapy and concomitant 5-fluorouracil in a combined modality therapy protocol. The aim of the study was to evaluate definitive results in terms of toxicity, response and clinical outcome. Material and methods: Twenty-eight patients with unresectable (cT4, 19 patients) or resectable (cT3, 9 patients) nonmetastatic pancreatic tumors received radiotherapy (39.6 Gy) plus 5-fluorouracil (continuous infusion, days 1-4 at 1000 mg/m2/day). After 4 weeks, patients were evaluated for surgical resection. In 9 resected patients, electron-beam intra-operative radiotherapy (10 Gy) was given before reconstruction. Thereafter, in resected patients, adjuvant chemotherapy was prescribed. Results: During chemoradiation, 1 patient (3.6%) developed grade 3 acute gastrointestinal toxicity and 2 patients (7.1%) developed grade 3 hematological toxicity. Three of 19 patients with unresectable tumors had tumor downstaging (15.8%). Two patients showed partial response (response rate, 7.1%; 95% CI, 0.2-25.3) and 4 patients (14.3%) had minimal tumor response. Four patients (14.3%) showed progressive disease after chemoradiation. One postoperative death was recorded. The median survival time was 11.3 months (20.5 and 9.0 months in resected and unresected patients, respectively). Only one local failure was recorded in 8 patients resected with negative margins. Conclusions: Although the response rate is still low, our preliminary results suggest that preoperative 5-fluorouracil chemoradiation is well tolerated and may result in tumor downstaging. Delivery of intra-operative radiotherapy seems to be associated with a low rate of local recurrences. ER  - 
Predicting unresectability in pancreatic cancer patients: the additive effects of CT and endoscopic ultrasound.$$$ BACKGROUND: A standardized method for predicting unresectability in pancreatic cancer has not been defined. We propose a system using CT and endoscopic ultrasound (EUS) to assess patients for unresectable pancreatic cancers. METHODS: Radiologic and surgical data from 101 patients who underwent exploration/resection for pancreatic cancer were reviewed. Chi-squares were used to identify five factors significantly correlated with unresectability, which were incorporated into a scoring system (one point for each factor). RESULTS: The resectability rates were 84, 56, and 10% for patients with scores of 0, 1, and 2, respectively. All four patients with three risk factors for unresectability had unresectable tumors. The most accurate results were achieved in patients evaluated with both CT and EUS. DISCUSSION: This scoring system stratifies pancreatic cancer patients into three groups: (1) patients with a score of zero (likely to undergo successful resection), (2) patients with a score of one (likely to benefit from laparoscopic staging prior to attempting resection), and (3) patients with a score of two or higher (low probability of successful resection, who may be better served by neoadjuvant therapy). ER  - 
Neoadjuvant chemotherapy with S-1 and CDDP in advanced gastric cancer$$$ Purpose: This retrospective study evaluated the effects of neoadjuvant chemotherapy in advanced gastric cancer. Methods: Between 2002 and 2005, we treated 14 patients with advanced gastric cancer (involvement of more than five nodes or tumor invasion into pancreas) and 25 patients with Stage III gastric cancer. The group of 14 patients with advanced gastric cancer received combination chemotherapy with S-1 and cis-diamminedichloroplatinum (CDDP) as a neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC). This regimen was repeated every 5 weeks for a total of 2-5 cycles. The 25 patients with Stage III gastric cancer was carried surgery alone (SA). All patients underwent extensive surgery, including gastrectomy, and D2 lymphadenectomy. The rate of response and overall survival in the two groups were compared. Results: All patients of NAC group completed the planned regimens of chemotherapy and surgery. Patients of the NAC group had a response rate of 78.6% (95% confidence interval 57.1-100.0%). The most common adverse effect was leukocytopenia (42.9%). However, only four patients (28.6%) had upper Grade 2 leukocytopenia, and all recovered promptly. Postoperative complications were not significant differentiated between NAC and SA group of patients (7.2 vs. 4.0%). Patients in the NAC group had a significantly better survival than those in the SA group (P = 0.03). The median survival has not been reached after 26.9 months of median follow-up for patients in the NAC group. 1-, 2-, and 3-year survival rates were 92.3, 92.3, and 61.5%, respectively. NAC was identified as an independent prognostic factor in all patients (P = 0.018). Conclusion: Neoadjuvant chemotherapy with TS-1 + CDDP improves the survival in patients with advanced gastric cancer. © 2006 Springer-Verlag. ER  - 
Results of vascular resections during pancreatectomy from two European centres: An analysis of survival and disease-free survival explicative factorsThe first, second and third authors participated equally in the study report$$$ Objectives. The object of our study was to report on the experience with vascular resections at pancreatectomy in two European specialist hepatopancreatobiliary centres and evaluate outcome and prognostic factors. Patients and methods. From 1989 to 2002, 45 patients (21 men, 24 women) underwent pancreatectomy for a pancreatic mass: Whipple's procedure (n=33), total pancreatectomy (n=10) or left splenopancreatectomy (n=2), along with a vascular resection, i.e. venous (n=39), arterial (n=1) or venous+arterial (n=5). Results. Operative mortality was nil, postoperative mortality was 2.2% (n=1); 34 patients had an uneventful postoperative course. Reoperations were performed for portal vein thromobosis (n=1), pancreatic leak (n=1), gastric outlet syndrome (n=1) and gastrointestinal bleeding (n=1). In all, 43 patients had cancer on pathology examination, with retropancreatic invasion in 72% and lymph node extension in 62.8%. Resection was R0 in 21 cases. Vessel wall invasion was present in 13 cases and 19 had perivascular invasion. Disease-free survival (DFS) at 1, 2 and 3 years was 36.0%, 15.0% and 12.0%, respectively. Median DFS length was 8.7 months (95% CI: 7.2; 10.2). Overall survival rates were 56.6%, 28.9% and 19.2%, respectively. Median survival length was 14.2 months (95% CI: 9.8; 18.6). A multivariate analysis of prognostic variables identified tumour location (other than head of pancreas), neoadjuvant chemotherapy and advanced disease stage as adverse factors for DFS. Conclusion. Survival and DFS rates of these patients are comparable to those without vascular resection. Tumour localization, tumour stage, neoadjuvant treatment and tumour recurrence are explanatory variables of survival. Tumour localization, tumour stage and neoadjuvant treatment were explanatory variables for DFS. However, the type and extent of vascular resections as well as vessel wall invasion does not affect survival and DFS. ER  - 
Adjuvant Therapy for Pancreatic Cancer: Current Status, Future Directions$$$ Progress in the management of adenocarcinoma of the pancreas has clearly been documented in recent years. Surgical outcomes have improved dramatically, and the preponderance of data from randomized clinical trials affirm that adjuvant therapy, in the form of combination chemoradiotherapy, improves outcomes over surgery alone in patients with resected disease. Newer chemotherapeutic agents such as gemcitabine have led to significant improvements over 5-fluorouracil alone, and patients have benefited from improved methods of delivering conformal radiotherapy. As the clinical benefits of postoperative adjuvant therapy become increasingly evident, researchers have begun to explore the utility of including preoperative or "neoadjuvant" regimens to standard 5-fluorouracil-based chemoradiotherapy. Initial results with this strategy are promising, and will likely influence the direction of future research. A growing understanding of the molecular biology of the disease has opened doors to rich new areas of research, and targeted therapies will likely play an important role in newly developing treatment paradigms. Just cause for optimism exists, but much work remains to be done. New adjuvant therapies need to be developed and tested, in carefully designed, well-executed, efficient clinical trials. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The late finding of pancreatic cystic tumor$$$ Introduction: Cystic tumors of the pancreas represent 1% of all malignant neoplasms of the pancreas. There are two forms of this disease. The first, serous cystadenoma in most cases results in a benign tumor. The second, mucinous cystic neoplasm of the pancreas usually leads to a potential malignant tumor. The most aggressive form is an invasive mucinous cystadenocarcinoma. Case report: The authors describe the case of woman with extended pancreatic cystic tumor. Anamnestic data showed an episode of acute pancreatitis with pseudocyst of tail of the pancreas. It was followed by repeated surgerys. After a few years the patient was operated on extended tumor in the left part of the abdomen. Before the operation we indicated ultrasonography (USG), endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP), computed tomography (CT) and endosonography (EUS). During surgery an extensive cystic tumour of retroperitoneal cavity enlarged from left hemidiaphragm into small pelvis was discovered. We perfomed a radical resection of the tumor with splenectomy, left nefrectomy, resection of bowel and distal pancreatectomy. Microscopical examination of the specimen confirmed invasive mucinous cystadenocarcinoma of the pancreas. The patient was postoperatively treated by chemotherapy. There are not any signs of recurens of the tumor 10 months after the operation. Conclusion: Mucinous cystic tumors of the pancreas usually lead to a potential malignant tumor. Preoperative diagnosis is performed by USG, CT, ERCP, MR and EUS which has an important role due to the aspiration biopsy, cytology and determining the level of carcinoembryonal antigen (CEA) in the mucin. The only one therapeutical method is radical surgical resection of the tumor. ER  - 
Second hepatectomy for recurrent colorectal liver metastasis: Analysis of preoperative prognostic factors$$$ Background: Second hepatectomy is a potentially curative treatment for patients with hepatic recurrence of colorectal cancer. However, there is still no consensus about the patient selection criteria for second hepatectomy under these circumstances, and the factors affecting prognosis after second hepatectomy remain uncertain. Methods: Clinicopathologic data for 111 consecutive patients with colorectal liver metastasis who underwent second hepatectomy at a single institution between 1985 and 2004, and for whom complete clinicopathologic reports were available, were subjected to univariate and multivariate analyses. Results: The morbidity and mortality rates were 14% and 0%, respectively, and the overall 5-year survival rate was 41%. Multivariate analysis revealed that synchronous resection for the first liver metastasis (hazard ratio, 1.8), more than three tumors at the second hepatectomy (1.9), and histopathological involvement of the hepatic vein and/or portal vein by the first liver metastasis (1.7) were independently associated with poor survival. We used these three risk factors to devise a preoperative model for predicting survival. The 5-year survival rates of patients without any risk factors, and with one, two, or three risk factors, were 62%, 38%, 19%, and 0%, respectively. Conclusions: Second hepatectomy is beneficial for patients without any risk factors. Before second hepatectomy, chemotherapy should be considered for patients with any of these risk factors, especially with two or three factors, in the adjuvant or neoadjuvant setting to prolong survival. These results need to be confirmed and validated in another data set or future prospective trial according to the scoring scheme we outline. © 2006 Society of Surgical Oncology. ER  - 
Pancreaticoduodenectomy after neoadjuvant therapy in a Jehovah's Witness with locally advanced pancreatic cancer: Case report and approach to avoid transfusion$$$ Although the morbidity and mortality rates associated with pancreaticoduodenectomy (PD) have been improving over the past several decades, perioperative transfusions are often needed. Here, we review the preoperative planning and overall management of a Jehovah's Witness patient with locally advanced pancreatic cancer who would not accept blood transfusion. Management of this case is reviewed, along with the relevant literature regarding major surgery in the Jehovah's Witness population. The use of neoadjuvant chemoradiation was used successfully in locally advanced disease, allowing surgical resection. In addition, we outline a cogent strategy using pre-, intra-, and postoperative techniques to minimize blood loss and maintain hemoglobin at acceptable levels thereby preventing the need for transfusion. These strategies, once in place, may be able to reduce transfusions in all patients having major resections for malignancy. ER  - 
ASCO 2006 update of recommendations for the use of tumor markers in gastrointestinal cancer$$$ Purpose: To update the recommendations for the use of tumor marker tests in the prevention, screening, treatment, and surveillance of gastrointestinal cancers. Methods: For the 2006 update, an update committee composed of members from the full Panel was formed to complete the review and analysis of data published since 1999. Computerized literature searches of Medline and the Cochrane Collaboration Library were performed. The Update Committee's literature review focused attention on available systematic reviews and meta-analyses of published tumor marker studies. Recommendations and Conclusion: For colorectal cancer, it is recommended that carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) be ordered preoperatively, if it would assist in staging and surgical planning. Postoperative CEA levels should be performed every 3 months for stage II and III disease for at least 3 years if the patient is a potential candidate for surgery or chemotherapy of metastatic disease. CEA is the marker of choice for monitoring the response of metastatic disease to systemic therapy. Data are insufficient to recommend the routine use of p53, ras, thymidine synthase, dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase, thymidine phosphorylase, microsatellite instability, 18q loss of heterozygosity, or deleted in colon cancer (DCC) protein in the management of patients with colorectal cancer. For pancreatic cancer, CA 19-9 can be measured every 1 to 3 months for patients with locally advanced or metastatic disease receiving active therapy. Elevations in serial CA 19-9 determinations suggest progressive disease but confirmation with other studies should be sought. New markers and new evidence to support the use of the currently reviewed markers will be evaluated in future updates of these guidelines. © 2006 by American Society of Clinical Oncology. ER  - 
Locally advanced pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Chemoradiotherapy, reevaluation and secondary resection$$$ Induction chemoradiotherapy (CRT) may downstage locally advanced pancreatic tumors but secondary resections are unfrequent. However some responders' patients may benefit of a R0 resection. Patients and methods: We report 18 resections among 29 locally advanced pancreatic cancers; 15 patients were treated with neoadjuvant 5-FU-cisplatin based (13) or taxotere based (2 patients) chemoradiotherapy (45 Gy), and 3 patients without histologically proven adenocarcinoma were resected without any preoperative treatment. Results: The morbidity rate was 28% and the mortality rate was 7%; one patient died after resection (5.5%) and one died after exploration (9%). The R0 resection rate was 50%. The median survival for the resected patients was not reached and the actuarial survival at 3 years was 59%. Two specimens showed no residual tumor and the two patients were alive at 15 and 46 months without recurrence; one specimen showed less than 10% viable tumoral cells and the patient was alive at 36 months without recurrence. A mesenteric infarction was the cause of a late death at 3 years in a disease free patient (radiation induced injury of the superior mesenteric artery). The median survival of the 11 non-resected patients was 21 months and the actuarial survival at 2 years was 0%. When the number of the resected patients (18) was reported to the entire cohort of the patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer treated during the same period in our institution, the secondary resectability rate was 9%. Conclusion: Preoperative chemoradiotherapy identifies poor surgical candidates through observation and may enhance the margin status of patients undergoing secondary resection for locally advanced tumors. However it remains difficult to evaluate the results in the litterature because of the variations in the definitions of resectability. The best therapeutic strategy remains to be defined, because the majority of patients ultimately succumb with distant metastatic disease. © 2006 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Evaluation of preoperative therapy for pancreatic cancer using a prognostic nomogram$$$ Background: Theoretical benefits of preoperative chemoradiation therapy (preop CRT) for pancreatic cancer include improved efficacy, resectability, and patient selection. The goal of this study was to evaluate the applicability of a nomogram, which was developed for patients undergoing resection without preop CRT and which incorporates several post-resection pathological factors, to a population of patients who received preop CRT prior to resection. Methods: From 1994 to 2004, 82 patients with biopsy-proven, radiographically localized adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head underwent preop CRT followed by pancreaticoduodenectomy (PD); 50 concurrent patients underwent PD without preop CRT. Mean nomogram-predicted disease-specific survival (DSS) rates were compared with observed DSS rates from the time of resection. Results: Despite having more locally advanced tumors on initial staging (21 vs. 8%; P < .05), patients who received preop CRT had smaller resected tumors (mean 2.3 vs. 3.1 cm; P < .01), were less likely to have T3 tumors (54 vs. 80%, P < .01), were less likely to have positive lymph nodes (29 vs. 58%, P < .01), and had fewer positive lymph nodes (mean .4 vs. 1.9, P < .01), all factors that imply treatment effect and favorably impact on nomogram-predicted DSS. Observed DSS was similar to predicted DSS in both groups. Conclusions: The similarity in observed and predicted DSS following resection in patients who received preop CRT suggests that the effects of preop CRT-whether treatment, selection, or no effect-are reflected by the nomogram. The ability of the nomogram to evaluate the effects of preop CRT on survival is limited by the potential effects of preop CRT on factors within the nomogram. © 2006 Society of Surgical Oncology. ER  - 
Pancreatic adenocarcinoma: Signs of vascular invasion determined by multi-detector row CT$$$ The purpose of this study was to analyse multi-detector row CT (MDCT) signs of peripancreatic arterial and venous invasion in pancreatic carcinoma. Among 101 patients with pancreatic carcinoma examined by MDCT, 54 candidates for surgery were pre-operatively evaluated for vascular invasion based on MDCT signs. The peripancreatic major vessels (including superior mesenteric artery, coeliac artery, common hepatic artery, superior mesenteric vein and portal vein) were examined carefully by surgeons during the operation. At surgical exploration, 78 of 224 vessels were invaded by tumour. The invaded peripancreatic major arteries (n=29) and veins (n=49) presented different MDCT signs: 43% of invaded veins (18/42, except for 7 occluded veins) were surrounded by tumour less than 50% of the vessel circumference compared with 97% (28/ 29) of the invaded arteries, which were surrounded by tumour more than 50% of the vessel circumference or were embedded in tumour (P<0.001). 69% (34/49) of the invaded veins had vascular stenosis or obliteration, compared with 41% (12/29) of the invaded arteries (p<0.05). Irregularity of the vein wall, 74% (31/42, except for 7 occluded veins); occurred more often than that of the artery wall, 45% (13/29) (P<0.05). In conclusion, the MDCT signs of peripancreatic arterial and venous invasion have different characteristics, which should be considered in pre-operative evaluation. © 2006 The British Institute of Radiology. ER  - 
Surgical resection of a solitary liver metastasis from nasopharyngeal carcinoma: A case report$$$ Background: Nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) has a propensity to develop distant metastases at a high rate and with poor prognosis. Metastatic sites are usually multifocal and involve bones, lungs, liver and distant lymph nodes. Management of metastatic disease is essentially palliative and is based on chemotherapy. Methods: A 50-year-old man with a solitary liver metastasis from a newly diagnosed NPC was treated by segmentectomy. Prior to surgery, neoadjuvant chemotherapy followed by concurrent chemoradiotherapy was administered. Results: Complete remission of the primary disease was achieved, although the size of the hepatic lesion was increased. After resection of the liver metastasis, no signs of local or distant recurrence was noted during the 6-month follow up. Conclusion: Although surgical treatment has a limited role in metastatic NPC, there are rare cases of localized disease with a reasonable outcome after resection. © 2006, Hepatobiliary Pancreat Dis Int. All rights reserved. ER  - 
A rare case of primary rectal rhabdomyosarcoma in an adult$$$ We report an extremely rare case (1:200 000) of primary rectal rhabdomyosarcoma (RMS) in an adult. In the literature, this case report is the first one dealing with an adult patient. The diagnosis was assessed by computed tomography (CT), magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), positron emission tomography (PET), endoscopy and histological examination. Neoadjuvant systemic chemotherapy with adriamycin and isofosfamide followed by anterior rectum resection was performed. This article should implicate RMS as a rare differential diagnosis of atypical rectal tumours in adults. © Karl Demeter Verlag im Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart. ER  - 
A case of gemcitabine-based chemo-radiation therapy for locally advanced unresectable pancreatic cancer$$$ A 49-year-old man was admitted to our hospital with vomiting. Abdominal CT revealed an avascular tumor at the uncinate process of the pancreas measuring 36x30 mm. Preoperative serum CA 19-9 was 361 U/ml. During laparotomy,the tumor was deemed unresectable (T4NXM0, Stage IVa),and duodenojejunostomy was performed. External-beam radiotherapy (EBRT) (50.4 Gy/28Fr) with concurrent twice-weekly gemcitabine (GEM) (40 mg/m(2)/day) was delivered. In the outpatient setting, and 1,000 mg/m(2) of GEM was administered intravenously on days 1, 8, and 15. Cycles were repeated every 28 days. The patient received 13 cycles of GEM chemotherapy until the appearance of a grade 2 facial rash. A decrease in tumor size was observed, and the serum CA 19-9 level dropped to 16 U/ml. He remained well without any symptoms and pursued normal activity for 33 months. He died of peritoneal dissemination 43 months after diagnosis. Gemcitabine-based chemo-radiation seems to be a safe and effective regimen for unresectable pancreatic cancer. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant therapy with imatinib mesilate for gastrointestinal stromal tumor of the stomach before subsequent successful surgical resection$$$ A 65-year-old man is presented here with a huge mass of 13 cm in diameter in the left upper abdomen. Histopathologic assessment of endoscopic forceps biopsy revealed a c-kit positive gastrointestinal storomal tumor (GIST) of the stomach. Abdominal computed tomography (CT) showed a direct invasion to the pancreas. Imatinib mesilate was administered as neoadjuvant therapy according to the NCCN Guidelines. Imatinib mesilate therapy was stopped within 2 weeks because of adverse events such as Grade 2 of facial edema and dizziness. However, no hematological adverse event was shown. After three months of treatment (relative dose intensity was 87.5%), CT revealed a reduction in tumor diameter of 35.6% and showed no longer a direct invasion to the pancreas. The radical operation was considered feasible and partial gastrectomy was performed. The tumor was well encapsulated and radical surgery was possible without rupture. Adjuvant therapy was not performed. The patient has now been in good health without a recurrence for three months after the surgery. ER  - 
Nodal involvement as an indicator of postoperative liver metastasis in carcinoma of the papilla of Vater$$$ Background/Purpose: Although lymph node metastatic involvement is one of the most important prognostic factors for carcinoma of the papilla of Vater, a detailed analysis of this factor in relation to prognosis has not been conducted. Methods: From 1985 to 2003, 29 patients with carcinoma of the papilla of Vater underwent pancreaticoduodenectomy and dissection of regional lymph nodes at Yamagata University Hospital. We analyzed clinicopathologic variables in relation to prognosis and precisely evaluated nodal involvement in each patient to determine lymphatic flow. Furthermore, the relationship between recurrent site and nodal involvement was investigated. Results: The overall survival rate was 55% at 5 years. The significant prognostic factors were morphological ulcer formation (P = 0.04), histological type (P = 0.03), nodal involvement (P = 0.002), and lymphatic invasion (P = 0.03). Multivariate analysis indicated no independent factor, but nodal involvement may be the strongest prognostic factor. The overall rate of nodal involvement was 41.4% (12 of 29 patients). The metastatic rates in the superior posterior pancreaticoduodenal lymph nodes, the inferior posterior pancreaticoduodenal lymph nodes, the superior mesenteric lymph nodes, and paraaortic lymph nodes were high (31.0%, 20.7%, 17.2%, and 13.8%, respectively). Patients with nodal involvement had a significantly higher rate of liver metastasis after surgery than those without it (P = 0.02). Ulcer formation and histological type were significantly correlated with nodal involvement (P = 0.05 and P = 0.002, respectively). Conclusions: Nodal involvement is the most important prognostic factor in patients with carcinoma of the papilla of Vater. Patients with nodal involvement are at high risk of liver metastasis; therefore, adjuvant therapy may be necessary for the control of liver metastasis. Preoperative ulcer formation and histological type in the biopsy specimen are good indicators for extended lymph node dissection and adjuvant therapy, because these variables are correlated with nodal involvement. However, our data revealed only the sites of the positive nodes, without addressing the effect of extended lymph node dissection and adjuvant chemotherapy. To date, there has been reporting of extended lymph node dissection and adjuvant chemotherapy in patients with carcinoma of the papilla of Vater. Further studies will be necessary to resolve these problems. © Springer-Verlag Tokyo 2006. ER  - 
Cytoreductive surgery and perioperative intraperitoneal chemotherapy for pseudomyxoma peritonei from appendiceal mucinous neoplasms$$$ Background: Cytoreductive surgery (CRS) combined with perioperative intraperitoneal chemotherapy (PIC) has been used to treat pseudomyxoma peritonei. The aim of this prospective study was to evaluate survival outcome and treatment-related prognostic markers in patients who underwent CRS and PIC for pseudomyxoma peritonei from appendiceal mucinous neoplasms. Methods: Survival data and 12 clinicopathological and treatment-related prognostic variables for survival were obtained prospectively in 50 consecutive patients (23 men). Univariate analysis was used to determine their prognostic significance for overall survival, determined from the time of CRS. Results: The mean(s.d.) age was 52(12) years. Eighteen patients had moderate complications, and six patients had severe complications that required operation or intensive care support. Two patients died after surgery. The actuarial 5-year survival rate was 69 per cent. Univariate analysis demonstrated that the extent of previous surgery (P = 0.045) and Ronnett's histopathological classification (P < 0.001) were significantly related to overall survival. Conclusion: CRS combined with PIC was associated with improved survival in patients with less extensive previous surgery and diffuse peritoneal adenomucinosis histopathological type. Copyright © 2006 British Journal of Surgery Society Ltd. ER  - 
Prognostic and therapeutic significance of carbohydrate antigen 19-9 as tumor marker in patients with pancreatic cancer$$$ In pancreatic cancer (PC) accurate determination of treatment response by imaging often remains difficult. Various efforts have been undertaken to investigate new factors which may serve as more appropriate surrogate parameters of treatment efficacy. This review focuses on the role of carbohydrate antigen 19-9 (CA 19-9) as a prognostic tumor marker in PC and summarizes its contribution to monitoring treatment efficacy. We undertook a Medline/PubMed literature search to identify relevant trials that had analyzed the prognostic impact of CA 19-9 in patients treated with surgery, chemoradiotherapy and chemotherapy for PC. Additionally, relevant abstract publications from scientific meetings were included. In advanced PC, pretreatment CA 19-9 levels have a prognostic impact regarding overall survival. Also a CA 19-9 decline under chemotherapy can provide prognostic information for median survival. A 20% reduction of CA 19-9 baseline levels within the first 8 weeks of chemotherapy appears to be sufficient to define a prognostic relevant subgroup of patients ('CA 19-9 responder'). It still remains to be defined whether the CA 19-9 response is a more reliable method for evaluating treatment efficacy compared to conventional imaging. Copyright © 2006 S. Karger AG. ER  - 
ASCO update 2006 - Highlights of the 42. Meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology/ASCO 2006$$$ Currently, the treatment of gastrointestinal cancers is rapidly changing due to the implementation of novel chemotherapeutic agents as well as the introduction of targeted therapies into treatment protocols. The following review will give an overview on the most important clinical trials in esophageal, gastric, colorectal, pancreatic and hepatobiliary cancer that were presented at the annual meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology. © Karl Demeter Verlag im Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart. ER  - 
(Neo-)adjuvant therapy of pancreatic cancer$$$ During the last decade adjuvant therapy for pancreatic cancer changed substantially. Combined postoperative chemo-/radiotherapy is not indicated outside clinical trials. Postoperative adjuvant chemotherapy with 5FU however showed improvement of disease free and overall survival in several randomized trials. First results of a phase III trial showed significant improvement of disease free survival in patients after resection who received 6 cycles of adjuvant gemcitabine monotherapy. Due to the low rate of side effects and the experience in the palliative setting this chemotherapy can be recommended for adjuvant treatment. Ongoing trials will answer the questions concerning best treatment after R1 resection. Neoadjuvant treatment for resectable patients should not be performed outside clinical trials. Reevaluation of resectability after chemotherapy in locally advanced pancreatic cancer however is indicated. ER  - 
Pancreatic surgery$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To highlight publications in the past year in the field of pancreatic surgery. RECENT FINDINGS: Novel approaches to the neoadjuvant and adjuvant treatment of surgical candidates with pancreatic cancer have been reported. These new strategies may have significant impact on survival. Many studies detail the refinements of pancreatic surgery, including ways to diminish the complications of these procedures. Specific recommendations about less common pancreatic tumors including cystic tumors, endocrine tumors, and intraductal pancreatic mucinous neoplasms are included. Finally, the operative approaches to chronic pancreatitis have been studied and detailed. SUMMARY: The pancreas is a complex organ manifesting many different diseases - some fatal and others chronic. Increased interest in this organ from a growing list of experts has led to a better understanding of these diseases. © 2006 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Adjuvant and neoadjuvant approaches to treat surgically resectable pancreatic cancer$$$ Adjuvant therapy for pancreatic cancer is currently a controversial topic. Very little is known about the potential components of adjuvant therapy. All published randomized trials evaluating adjuvant therapy for pancreatic cancer have limitations that prevent the establishment of an absolute "standard of care." However, with the recent report of Charite Onkologie Clinical Studies in Gastrointestinal Cancer in abstract form and European Study Group for Pancreatic Cancer-1, it is clear that chemotherapy has an effect as adjuvant therapy. The role of radiation remains unclear. The future of adjuvant therapy is dependent on the investigators designing better trials that answer the important remaining questions: the role of radiation therapy, the integration of newer agents, and the best regimen of those currently available. Copyright © 2006 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Pancreatic resections after chemoradiotherapy for locally advanced ductal adenocarcinoma: Analysis of perioperative outcome and survival$$$ Background: The most accepted treatment for locally advanced pancreatic cancer is chemoradiotherapy. However, indications to and results of pancreatic resections after chemoradiation are not yet defined. Methods: From June 1999 to December 2003, 28 patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer (group 1) were enrolled for institutional trials of gemcitabine-based chemoradiotherapy. Tumors were stratified as unresectable or borderline resectable according to the pattern of vascular involvement at pretreatment computed tomographic scan. Patients with partial response or stable disease and in-range Ca19-9 were surgically explored. Perioperative outcome and survival of group 1 were compared with 44 patients primary resected for localized cancer with or without adjuvant treatment in the same time period (group 2). Results: Only one unresectable tumor was successfully resected compared to 7 out of 18 (39%) that were borderline resectable. Operations after chemoradiation were 1 hour longer and postoperative stays 5 days longer, but transfusion rate, morbidity, and mortality were not significantly different. Median survival was 15.4 months for group 1 (>21 for resected vs. 10 for not resected, P < 0.01) and 14 months for group 2. In both groups, a disease-free survival beyond 24 months was recorded only among patients resected with negative margins. Conclusions: The conversion of an unresectable cancer to a resectable one is a rare event. On the contrary, the resection of a borderline resectable tumor was successfully accomplished in one-third of cases. Chemoradiotherapy did not increase the operative risk, but the interventions were more technically demanding and required a longer postoperative stay. Patients resected after chemoradiation for a locally advanced tumor had at least the same survival as those primary resected for a localized one. Only R0 resections in both groups gave the chance of disease-free survival longer than 24 months. Published by Springer Science+Business Media, Inc. © 2006 The Society of Surgical Oncology, Inc. ER  - 
Abdominal and pelvic stop-flow chemotherapy. Effect of chemotherapeutic agents and tissue ischemia on rectoanal pressures$$$ In hypoxic stop-flow chemoperfusion high doses of chemotherapeutic agents are almost directly administered to locally advanced tumors without risking significant systemic toxicity, although chemotherapy-induced neurotoxicity is still a problem. The aim of the study was to assess rectoanal motility and sensation before, during and after abdominal and pelvic stop-flow chemotherapy using the methods of stationary and ambulatory manometry. Stationary rectoanal manometry was performed within 24 hrs before and repeated 48 hrs after stop-flow chemotherapy in 7 consecutive patients with a history of locally advanced or recurrent abdominal and pelvic tumors. Anal sphincter resting and squeeze pressures, rectal sensitivity, rectoanal inhibitory reflex and rectal volumes at which temporary and permanent urge to defecate were reported were examined. Rectal volume associated with leak of rectal contents and rectal compliance were also assessed. Intraoperatively, changes in rectal and anal resting pressures before, during and after occlusion of the vessels and after administration of chemotherapeutic agent were as well recorded, analyzed and interpreted using ambulatory manometry. Induction of anesthesia reduced distal and proximal anal resting pressures. Vascular occlusion further and dramatically decreased resting pressures at all levels, which were fully recovered after re-establishing local blood circulation and for the rest of the recording period. Intraoperative administration of chemotherapy did not further affect anal resting pressures during or after hypoxia. No significant changes in rectoanal motility and sensation were detected on the 48 hrs postoperative assessment as compared to the preoperative state. Tissue hypoxia induced by vascular occlusion during stop-flow chemotherapy procedure, seems to be the only factor leading to a dramatic drop of anal pressures. Anal pressures fully recover after reperfusion of the isolated area. Furthermore, anorectal motility and sensation are not affected by any direct or indirect toxic action of the chemotherapeutic agents. ER  - 
Comparison of therapeutic effectiveness of combined interventional therapy for 1126 cases of primary liver cancer$$$ Aim: To heighten recognition of primary pancreatic lymphoma (PPL) in clinical practice. Methods: A retrospective review of the clinical presentation, imaging characteristics and pathological features of PPL patients were presented, as well as their diagnosis and treatment, in combination with literature review. Results: Histological diagnosis was made in four patients by surgery and in two patients by EUS-FNA. The six PPL patients (5 males and 1 female; age range, 16-65 years; mean age, 46 years) had the duration of symptoms for two weeks to three months. The primary presenting symptoms, though not characteristic, were abdominal pain, abdominal masses, weight loss, jaundice, nausea and vomiting. One of the patients developed acute pancreatitis. In one patient, the level of serum CA19-9 was 76.3 μg/L. Abdominal CT scan showed that three of the six tumors were located in the head of pancreas, two in the body and tail, and one throughout the pancreas. Diameter of the tumors in the pancreas in four cases was more than 6 cm, with homogeneous density and unclear borders. Enhanced CT scan showed that only the tumor edges were slightly enhanced. The pancreatic duct was irregularly narrowed in two cases whose tumors were located in the pancreatic head and body, in which endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP) showed that the proximal segment was slightly dilated. Two patients underwent Whipple operation, one patient underwent pancreatectomy, and another patient underwent operative biliary decompression. PPL was in stage I E in 2 patients and in stage II E in 4 patients according to the Ann Arbor classification system. The diagnosis of B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma was made in all patients histopathologically. All six patients underwent systemic chemotherapy, one of whom was also treated with gamma radiometry. One patient died two weeks after diagnosis, two patients lost follow-up, two patients who received chemotherapy survived 49 and 37 mo, and the remaining patient is still alive 21 mo, after diagnosis and treatment. Conclusion: PPL is a rare form of extranodal lymphoma originating from the pancreatic parenchyma. Clinical and imaging findings are otherwise not specific in the differentiation of pancreatic lymphoma and pancreatic cancer, which deserves attention. EUS-guided fine-needle aspiration (EUS-FNA) of the pancreas requires experienced cytopathologists as well as advanced immunohistochemical assays to obtain a final diagnosis on a small amount of tissue. Surgery and adjuvant chemotherapy or radiotherapy can produce fairly good outcome. © 2006 The WJG Press. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Incidental DTPA and DMSA uptake during renal scanning in unknown bone metastases$$$ We report a patient with DTPA and DMSA uptake on unsuspected bone metastases. He had severe pain due to grade 3 hydronephrosis of his left kidney. When Tc-99m DTPA and DMSA renal scanning were performed for preoperative evaluation, abnormal radiopharmaceutical uptake on the iliac area was noted. Pancreatic adenocarcinoma metastases to bone were subsequently defined. This patient is a very demonstrative case in respect of having all DTPA, DMSA and HDP uptakes in bone metastases. The type of the tumor has to be added to the list of extrarenal uptake of DTPA and DMSA as a rare cause. ER  - 
Successful resection of advanced pancreatic tail cancer after neoadjuvant gemcitabine chemotherapy: Report of a case$$$ Pancreatic cancer with distant metastasis is not an indication for surgery, and the median survival of these patients is less than 3 months. We report the case of a patient who has survived for 21 months without any signs of recurrence after resection of advanced pancreatic cancer following a course of chemotherapy with gemcitabine (GEM). A 75-year-old man was hospitalized for anorexia and emaciation. Examinations showed pancreatic cancer with distant peritoneal metastasis. After the main tumor and metastasis had been shrunk by GEM chemotherapy, we performed distal pancreatectomy combined with splenectomy. Microscopically, the main tumor was confirmed as moderately differentiated tubular adenocarcinoma with interstitium and fibrosis. The radicality of the surgery was R0, according to the TNM classification of the UICC. The patient recovered well and has had no clinical symptoms for 40 months since the initial chemotherapy. This case suggests that multidisciplinary treatment with GEM may prolong the survival of some patients with unresectable pancreatic cancer. © Springer-Verlag 2006. ER  - 
Feasibility of preoperative combined radiation therapy and chemotherapy with 5-fluorouracil and cisplatin in potentially resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma: The French SFRO-FFCD 97-04 Phase II trial$$$ Purpose More than 80% of patients who undergo a potentially curative resection for pancreatic cancer develop local or distant recurrence. Neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy might offer potential benefits regarding local and systemic control and survival. This multi-institutional Phase II trial explored the feasibility of preoperative chemoradiation in this situation. Methods and Materials Treatment consisted of concurrent radiotherapy (50 Gy within 5 weeks), and chemotherapy with 5-fluorouracil (300 mg/m2/day, 5 days/week, 5 consecutive weeks) and cisplatin (20 mg/m2/day, Days 1-5 and 29-33), followed by surgical resection of the pancreatic tumor in patients without progression. Results A total of 41 patients were enrolled. Of these, 38 (93%) received ≥47 Gy; 30 patients (73%) received ≥75% of the prescribed doses of chemotherapy. Surgical resection was performed in 26 patients (63%). Because of local or metastatic progression, 5 patients (12%) did not undergo surgery and 10 underwent surgery without resection of the pancreatic tumor. Operative mortality was 2.8%. Among 40 evaluable patients, 27 were successfully treated (67.5%; 95% CI, 50.9-81.4%). Conclusions Pancreatic cancer is chemo-radiosensitive. The proposed pre-operative scheme is feasible, does not prevent successful surgery, and must be tested on a Phase III setting. Yet, the large proportion of tumor progression during and after chemoradiation justifies the use of more efficient drugs such as Gemcitabine, and optimized radiotherapy including new techniques such as intensity-modulated radiation therapy. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Primary pancreatic lymphoma: Diagnostic and therapeutic dilemma$$$ OBJECTIVES: Non-Hodgkin lymphoma predominantly involving the pancreas is a rare tumor and accounts for less than 0.7% of all pancreatic malignancies and 1% of extranodal lymphomas. Diagnosis of primary pancreatic lymphoma can be difficult because it may mimic carcinoma. The principal aims of this review were to highlight the difficulties encountered in making a diagnosis and to identify the role of surgery. METHODS: A PubMed search was conducted using the following terms: primary pancreatic lymphoma and non-Hodgkin lymphoma of the pancreas. Additional references were sourced from key articles. RESULTS: A total of 89 reported cases of pancreatic lymphoma between 1951 and 2005 were reviewed. An accurate preoperative diagnosis of primary pancreatic lymphoma is not always possible. A complete response rate of 100% and a long-term survival rate of 94% have been reported with surgery and adjuvant chemotherapy when compared with a 5-year survival rate of less than 50% and an overall 3-year disease-free survival rate of 44% with current chemotherapy, radiotherapy, or combined methods. CONCLUSION: Pancreaticoduodenectomy may have a therapeutic role in association with chemotherapy. Copyright © 2006 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Borderline resectable pancreatic cancer: Definitions, management, and role of preoperative therapy$$$ With recent advances in pancreatic imaging and surgical techniques, a distinct subset of pancreatic tumors is emerging that blurs the distinction between resectable and locally advanced disease: tumors of "borderline resectability." In our practice, patients with borderline-resectable pancreatic cancer include those whose tumors exhibit encasement of a short segment of the hepatic artery, without evidence of tumor extension to the celiac axis, that is amenable to resection and reconstruction; tumor abutment of the superior mesenteric artery involving <180° of the circumference of the artery; or short-segment occlusion of the superior mesenteric vein, portal vein, or their confluence with a suitable option available for vascular reconstruction because the veins are normal above and below the area of tumor involvement. With currently available surgical techniques, patients with borderline-resectable pancreatic head cancer are at high risk for a margin-positive resection. Therefore, our approach to these patients is to use preoperative systemic therapy and local-regional chemoradiation to maximize the potential for an R0 resection and to avoid R2 resections. In our experience, patients with favorable responses to preoperative therapy (radiographical evidence of tumor regression and improvement in serum tumor marker levels) are the subset of patients who have the best chance for an R0 resection and a favorable long-term outcome. Published by Springer Science+Business Media, Inc. © 2006 The Society of Surgical Oncology, Inc. ER  - 
Clinical monitoring of innate cellular immunity of monocytes/macrophages by tumor necrosis factor alpha productivity in whole blood stimulated by lipopolysaccharide in patients with pancreatic cancer$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate the tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α) releasing capacity in whole blood stimulated by lipopolysaccharide (LPS) in patients with pancreatic cancer during the perioperative period, and before and after chemotherapy. METHODS: The current study involved a total of 39 patients with pancreatic cancer (PC), who were further divided into a PC-Op group (n = 16, underwent pancreatectomy) and a PC-chemo group (n = 23, received chemotherapy). The control groups consisted of patients with hepatocellular carcinoma (n = 27, HCC group) and with benign diseases (n = 15, control group). Serial changes in TNF-α in whole blood stimulated by LPS were compared in various clinical settings. RESULTS: Preoperative TNF-α levels in the PC-Op group were significantly lower than those in the HCC and control groups (P = 0.034). The TNF-α variable surgical index (s-index) was defined as the ratio of the preoperative TNF-α level to postoperative level in the PC-Op and HCC groups. Although the TNF-α s-index in the PC-Op group was significantly decreased on postoperative day 1 and recovered on postoperative day 3 (P < 0.002), there were no significant changes in the TNF-α s-index in the HCC group. The TNF-α variable chemotherapeutic index (c-index) was defined as the ratio of the TNF-α level before to that after chemotherapy in the PC-chemo group. The TNF-α c-index in all 7 patients was reduced to less than 0.3 until leukopenia appeared. Patients who had an increase in TNF-α production (TNF-α c-index >1.0) on day 3 or 7 after chemotherapy had significantly better cumulative survival than those with no increase (P < 0.033). CONCLUSIONS: TNF-α production stimulated by LPS in the whole blood of patients with pancreatic cancer was low. Surgical stress and depressed immunocompetence might induce such profound decreases. A method of assessing the capability of leukocytes, particularly macrophages, to produce TNF-α could be useful for prognostis and for monitoring immunocompetence in patients with pancreatic cancer who have undergone chemotherapy. Copyright © 2006 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Liver transplantation for patients with metastatic endocrine tumors: Single-center experience with 15 patients$$$ In contrast to other secondary liver malignancy, orthotopic liver transplantation (OLT) is considered as a treatment modality for nonresectable endocrine liver metastases in selected patients. However, only few series have assessed patient selection criteria and long-term results, and no reports have focused on the impact of new technologies in this regard. Between 1992 and 2004, 28 patients with malignant endocrine tumors underwent evaluation for OLT according to our protocol. Data were entered into a prospective database. During pretransplant evaluation, somatostatin receptor scintigraphy detected extrahepatic metastases not diagnosed in standard imaging in 10 patients. Of them, 3 showed aberrant Ki67 labeling results. One patient was excluded from further evaluation due to severe carcinoid heart. Thus far, 15 patients, 10 men and 5 women, aged 37 to 67 years, were subjected to the transplant procedure (11 deceased donor OLT, 3 living donor liver transplantations, and 1 cluster transplantation). Four patients died during the hospital treatment. The median follow-up of the discharged patients was 60.8 months. The actuarial patient survival was 78.3% at 1 year and 67.2% at 5 years. The actuarial 1-, 2-, and 5-year tumor-free survival amounted to 69.4%, 48.3%, and 48.3%, respectively. Two patients underwent surgery for isolated tumor recurrence. In 2 patients, peptide receptor radiotherapy was carried out because of multilocular recurrent disease. In conclusion, liver transplantation is a realistic therapeutic option for highly selected patients with hepatic metastases of endocrine tumors. Our strategy, which implements strict pretransplant selection and aggressive surgical approach, in case of disease recurrence, in addition to systemic radiopeptide treatment, led to an excellent long-term survival cure, however, is unlikely to be achieved. © 2006 AASLD. ER  - 
Chemoradiotherapy with gemcitabine and continuous 5-FU in patients with primary inoperable pancreatic cancer$$$ Context: Gemcitabine and 5-fluorouracil (5 FU) sensitize tumor cells to radiation. Furthermore, 5-FU enhances the cytotoxic effect of gemcitabine. Objective: We report the efficacy and the toxicity of concurrent chemoradiation with gemcitabine and 5-FU in the treatment of patients with locally advanced, unresectable pancreatic cancer. Patients: Thirty-two patients (20 men, 12 women; median age 69.9 years) with histologically proven advanced pancreatic carcinoma were included in the study. Interventions: The patients received chemotherapy with gemcitabine 300 mg/m2 on days 1, 15, 29 and 5-FU as continuous infusion 350 mg/m2/day of radiation while concurrent radiation (45-50 Gy) was given to the tumor and regional lymph nodes (1.8-2.0 Gy/fraction on 5 days/week). Subsequent to chemoradiotherapy, the treatment was continued with an additional two cycles of gemcitabine (1,000 mg/m2) and cispla,tin (50 mg/m2) applied on days 1 and 15 of a fourweek cycle. Main outcome measures: Patient survival, time to progression, and toxicity of chemoradiation. Tumor responses (complete resolution; partial response; stable disease, and progressive disease) were also evaluated. Results: After the completion of chemoradiotherapy, 2 patients (6.3%) achieved complete resolution and 18 patients (56.3%) a partial response, for an overall response rate of 62.5%. Twelve patients (37.5%) were considered resectable and 9 underwent laparotomy, 7 of whom had definitive pancreatic resection. Four patients had negative surgical margins. With a median follow-up of 49.7 months (95% CI: 48.6-60.8 months) after the completion of chemoradiation, distant metastasis occurred in 25 patients (78.1%) while local recurrence was seen only in 4 of 32 patients (12.5%). Median time to progression was 9.2 months (95% CI: 8.2-10.2 months). Median survival amounted to 13.6 months (95% CI: 12.7-14.6 months) for all patients while it was prolonged to 16.4 months (95% CI: 13.4-19.4 months) for those undergoing secondary resection. In addition, performance status proved to be another prognostic factor for overall survival. The main toxicity of chemoradiation included grade 3-4 leukopenia in 18 patients (56.3%) and thrombocytopenia in 8 patients (25.0%). Episodes of cholangitis were observed in 7 patients (21.9%). Conclusion: Gemcitabine and 5-FU can safely be combined with external beam radiation. This preoperative treatment approach is highly effective and appears to improve survival in patients with good performance status and in those who are eligible for a secondary resection. ER  - 
Subtotal hepatectomy following neoadjuvant chemotherapy for a previously unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma$$$ An awareness of variant hepatic vascular anatomy provides vital information in the preoperative evaluation of patients with hepatocellular carcinoma. The authors present a patient with unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma who responded to combination systemic and regional chemotherapy. Because of the presence of an enlarged inferior right hepatic vein, the patient subsequently underwent successful subtotal hepatectomy with resection of all three main hepatic veins. This case illustrates that the combination of innovative neoadjuvant chemotherapy and well-planned surgical approaches may benefit a small number of patients previously deemed unresectable. © Springer-Verlag Tokyo 2006. ER  - 
Surgical treatment of carcinoma of the pancreas$$$ Invasive ductal carcinoma of the pancreas (pancreatic cancer) is mainly treated by operative resection, radio-chemotherapy, or chemotherapy. The survival rate of the patients with each treatment is not good when compared with that in other cancers. Meanwhile, it is still true that surgical resection remains the only method offering pancreatic cancer patients long-term survival or cure. The indications for surgical resection should be considered based on whether margin-free resection can be achieved in individual patients. In addition, the volume of pancreatic cancer patients treated at the institution and the surgeon's personal experience may greatly affect the decision. A recent randomized clinical trial from Japan revealed that surgical resection has a survival advantage over chemo-radiation therapy for locally advanced pancreatic cancer, which is defined as stage IVa in the fourth Japanese edition of the Classification of Pancreatic Carcinoma. Moreover, guidelines for clinical practice for pancreatic cancer by the Japan Pancreas Society have been issued very recently. In addition, the surgical indications should be reevaluated in combination with the adjuvant or neoadjuvant chemotherapy in future. ER  - 
Pre- and post-operative chemoradiation therapies for pancreatic cancers$$$ Due to a high incidence of local recurrence, the long-term outcome after resection of locally advanced pancreatic cancer is still pessimistic. Many previous reports showed that locoregional control was partly improved by intraoperative radiation or postoperative chemoradiation, while others suggested its insufficient effects for patients with R1- or R2-resections. Therefore some recent authors have recommended preoperative chemoradiation for more promising results in advanced pancreatic cancer. Since patient survival is influenced not only by local control but also by distant (the liver is the most common) metastases, we should develop other strategies that can prevent liver metastases, in addition to the combination of chemoradiation with sur- ER  - 
Chemoradiotherapy in gallbladder cancer$$$ Gallbladder cancer (GC) is considered a rare disease associated with a poor prognosis. Unfortunately, the low number of cases makes the performance of trials addressing the role of adjuvant, neoadjuvant, and/or palliative therapy difficult. For a long time, the majority of trials were 5-fluorouracil (5 FU)-based, and results were uniformly poor. Since the introduction of Gemcitabine, response rates of approximately 30% have been observed through the use of this drug and new approaches have been tested. In this sense, drugs such as Cisplatin and Capecitabine have been employed concurrently with gemcitabine and/or radiation. Since a recurrence pattern is both distant and local, chemoradiation seems a logical option to deal with the disease. However, at the present time, the lack of valid and scientific evidence means that most of the recommendations originate from trials dealing with other tumors, such as pancreas cancer and biliary tract cancer (BTC). The aforementioned treatment alternatives warrant further evaluation focusing on GC. © 2006 Wiley-Liss, Inc. ER  - 
Volume and process of care in high-risk cancer surgery$$$ BACKGROUND. Although relations between procedure volume and operative mortality are well established for high-risk cancer operations, differences in clinical practice between high-volume and low-volume centers are not well understood. The current study was conducted to examine relations between hospital volume, process of care, and operative mortality in cancer surgery. METHODS. Using the Medicare claims database (2000-2002), we identified all patients undergoing major resections for lung, esophageal, gastric, liver, or pancreatic cancer (n = 71,558). Preoperative, intraoperative, and postoperative processes of care potentially related to operative mortality were identified from inpatient, outpatient, and physician claims files using appropriate International Classification of Diseases - Clinical Modification (ICD-9) and Current Procedural Terminology (CPT) codes. We then assessed variation in the use of each process according to hospital volume, adjusting for patient characteristics and procedure type. Study Participants were US Medicare patients. The main outcome measure was specific processes of care. RESULTS. Relative to those at low-volume centers (lowest 20th by volume), patients at high-volume hospitals (highest 20th) were significantly more likely to undergo stress tests (odds ratio [OR]: 1.51, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.21-1.87), but not other preoperative imaging tests. They were more likely to see medical or radiation oncologists (OR: 1.37, 95% CI: 1.16-1.62), but not other specialists, preoperatively. Although blood transfusions and use of epidural pain management did not vary significantly by volume, patients at high-volume hospitals had significantly longer operations and were more likely to receive perioperative invasive monitoring (OR: 2.56, 95% CI: 1.82-3.60). Differences in measurable processes of care did not explain volume-related differences in operative mortality to any significant degree. CONCLUSIONS. Although high-volume and low-volume hospitals differ with regard to many aspects of perioperative care, mechanisms underlying volume-outcome relations in high-risk cancer surgery remain to be identified. © 2006 American Cancer Society. ER  - 
Current therapies and advances in the treatment of pancreatic cancer$$$ Pancreatic cancer is a common, highly lethal disease with a rising incidence. In the last years continued efforts in pancreatic cancer research have led to a change in the classic approaches and to the development of new biological agents that appear to show promise. Adjuvant chemotherapy with gemcitabine has recently demonstrated better survival outcomes following surgical resection compared to no treatment, especially in patients with positive margins or lymph nodes. The addition of anti-VEGF agents to adjuvant regimens could improve long-term outcomes. In locally advanced disease, neoadjuvant regimens have not produced complete remissions, but partial responses have been reported ranging between 10 and 20%, with conflicting survival results. Combination trials with radiochemotherapy and new drugs appear well tolerated with encouraging preliminary results. In the metastatic setting, novel chemotherapeutic combinations and molecular targeted agents have shown promise in improving outcomes. To date, second line therapy is increasingly proposed and may even provide survival benefits in the future. This article summarizes the current standards of therapy for patients with resectable, advanced and metastatic pancreatic cancer. © 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Adjuvant Treatment Strategies for Pancreatic Cancer$$$ Pancreatic cancer is a difficult and unsolved surgical problem. It remains one of the top five causes of cancer-related deaths and has the lowest 5-year survival of any cancer, largely due to late diagnosis, low resection rates, and local recurrence. Clinical trials examining the optimal timing and delivery of adjuvant therapies for pancreatic cancer have yielded controversial results. Although most experts agree that the addition of chemotherapy has survival benefit in patients with resectable pancreatic cancer, there is no consensus regarding the optimal therapeutic agents, timing (neoadjuvant versus adjuvant), and the addition of radiation therapy to the treatment regimen. Multiple phase III trials are in progress in efforts to examine these issues. Additionally, exciting progress has been made with novel chemotherapeutic combinations, and alternative treatment modalities including interferon-α, immunotherapy, and pancreatic cancer stem cells. Given the high failure pattern after surgical resection, with more than half of patients developing locoregional recurrence, all patients undergoing pancreaticoduodenectomy are candidates for adjuvant therapy. © 2006 The Society for Surgery of the Alimentary Tract. ER  - 
Is Adjuvant 5-FU-Based Chemoradiotherapy for Resectable Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma Beneficial? A Meta-analysis of an Unanswered Question$$$ The objective of this study was to determine the effect, if any, on survival of adjuvant 5-FU-based chemoradiotherapy following pancreaticoduodenectomy for pancreatic carcinoma. A systematic review of the published literature was undertaken. Survival estimates were derived from published reports. Five prospective studies (4 level I, 1 level II) with a total of 607 (229 surgery only; 378 surgery-adjuvant) patients followed for survival met selection criteria. Two-year survival ranged from 15%-37% in the surgery only group and 37%-43% in the surgery and adjuvant groups. The survival advantage (absolute difference) ranged from 3%-27% and no individual study achieved statistical significance (5%). Although clinical heterogeneity existed in surgery-alone control groups with regard to trial date, no statistical heterogeneity was detected (P = 0.459, χ2 test), allowing pooling of survival data. Using a fixed effects model, the summary estimate showed an absolute 2-year survival benefit with adjuvant therapy of 12% (95% CI, 3%-21%, P = 0.011). Trials after 1997 (n = 3) indicated a survival benefit of 8% to patients receiving adjuvant therapy (95% CI, -3-18%, P = 0.145). The result was not statistically significant, and there was no evidence of heterogeneity (P = 0.626, χ2 test). Summary estimates were unchanged when the analysis was performed with a random effects model. 5-FU based chemotherapy with radiotherapy given after resection imparts a small overall survival benefit of 2 years. The benefit of 5-FU-based adjuvant therapy, however, has declined in recent years, and its significance remains unproven in the context of current diagnostic and surgical practice. © 2006 The Society for Surgery of the Alimentary Tract. ER  - 
A resected case of stage IV gastric cancer successfully treated with TS-1/CDDP as neoadjuvant chemotherapy$$$ A resected case of gastric cancer is described. The patient was a 60-year-old woman who presented a type 3 gastric tumor complicated by invasion of the head of the pancreas and liver. Radical resection was not indicated, and we administered the following combination chemotherapy with TS-1 and CDDP. 120 mg/day of TS-1 was orally administered for 3 weeks followed by 2 drug-free weeks as 1 course and 9 5 mg (60 mg/m(2)) of CDDP was administered intravenously on day 8. After two courses, total gastrectomy and D2 lymph node dissection were performed. Radical surgery for cure was conducted. Microscopically, the histological effect was judged to be grade 1a. One year after the operation, the patient is still alive without recurrence and metastasis. TS-1/CDDP therapy is useful for advanced gastric cancer. ER  - 
Surgical therapy for hiliar cholangiocarcinoma: Analysis of 198 cases$$$ Background: Carcinoma of the hepatic duct confluence is the most common site of bile duct malignancies. Although hilar cholangiocarcinoma has been characterized as a slow-growing and late metastasizing tumor, post-therapeutic prognosis has remained poor. The study was undertaken to analyze factors influencing the surgical curative effect of hilar cholangiocarcinoma. Methods: A retrospective clinical analysis was made of 198 patients with hilar cholangiocarcinoma who had been surgically treated at our hospital from 1997 to 2002. Jaundice (94.5%, 187 patients), pruritus (56.6%, 112) and abdominal pain (33.8%, 67) were the main symptoms. According to the Bismuth-Corlette classification, there were 14 type I patients, 19 type II patients, 12 type IIIa patients, 15 type IIIb patients, 112 type IV patients, and 26 unclassified patients. 144 patiens received laparotomy, and 120 tumor resection including radical resection (59 patients) and palliative resection (61). Fifty-four patients were treated by endoscopic surgery and 16 patients by postoperative adjuvant radiation. Results: Occupation, preoperative level of total serum bilirubin, operative procedure and postoperative adjuvant radiation affected postoperative survival of the patients. The postoperative suvivals of endoscopic nose-biliary drainage (ENBD) group, endoscopic retrograde biliary drainage (ERBD) or endoscopic metal biliary endoprosthesis (EMBE) group, biliary exploration and drainage group, palliative resection group and radical resection group differed (χ2 =87.0489, P <0.01). Conclusion: Early diagnosis and radical resection are important to improve the prognosis of hilar cholangiocarcinoma. © 2006, Hepatobiliary Pancreat Dis Int. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Single nucleotide polymorphisms of RecQ1, RAD54L, and ATM genes are associated with reduced survival of pancreatic cancer$$$ Purpose: Our goal was to determine whether single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in DNA repair genes influence the clinical outcome of pancreatic cancer. Patients and Methods: We evaluated 13 SNPs of eight DNA damage response and repair genes in 92 patients with potentially resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma. All patients were treated with neoadjuvant concurrent gemcitabine and radiotherapy with or without a component of induction gemcitabine/cisplatin at The University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center (Houston, TX) from February 1999 to August 2004 and observed through August 2005. Response to the pretreatment was assessed by evaluating time to tumor progression and overall survival. Kaplan-Meier plot, log-rank test, and Cox regression were used to compare survival of patients according to genotype. Results: The RecQ1 A159C, RAD54L C157T, XRCC1 R194W, and ATM T77C genotypes had a significant effect on the overall survival with log-rank P values of .001, .004, .001, and .02, respectively. A strong combined effect of the four genotypes was observed. Patients with none of the adverse genotypes had a mean survival time of 62.1 months, and those with one, two, or three or more at-risk alleles had median survival times of 27.5, 14.4, and 9.9 months, respectively (log-rank P < .001). There is a significant interaction between the RecQ1 gene and other genotypes. All four genes except XRCC1 remained as independent predictors of survival in multivariate Cox regression models adjusted for other clinical predictors. Conclusion: These observations support the hypothesis that polymorphic variants of DNA repair genes affect clinical prognosis of patients with pancreatic cancer. © 2006 by American Society of Clinical Oncology. ER  - 
Gastrointestinal tract malignancies and positron emission tomography: An overview$$$ 18F-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography (FDG-PET) imaging is highly accurate in restaging colorectal cancer, esophageal cancer, and gastrointestinal stromal tumors. Overall, it compares favorably with anatomical imaging in the evaluation of tumor recurrence because metabolic abnormalities usually precede a structural change. Initial staging of these malignancies with PET is best used in patients with locally advanced disease who may benefit from curative resection if distant metastases are not found. It also appears to have great potential in predicting histopathologic response to neoadjuvant therapy and in monitoring the success of radiofrequency ablation and 90Y microspheres radioembolization soon after intervention. FDG-PET can be used in other gastrointestinal malignancies as a prognostic tool and to detect distant disease but its role has not yet been well defined. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Radiation therapy and combined modality treatment of gastrointestinal carcinomas$$$ Background: Ionizing radiation (IR) is a potent agent in enhancing tumor control of locally advanced cancer and has been shown to improve disease-free and overall survival in several entities. However, the role of radiotherapy (RT) in the treatment of gastrointestinal tumors remains controversial because of the marked radiation sensitivity of neighboring organs frequently compromising application of high doses of ionizing radiation. Methods: The Medline and the Cochrane Library from 1980 until 2005 were searched using subject heading (MeSH) terms including "esophageal neoplasm", "gastric neoplasm", "pancreatic neoplasm" and "rectal neoplasm", in combination with the subheadings "radiotherapy", "chemotherapy". The term, "randomized controlled trial", was used to identify randomized trials. The proceedings of the annual meeting of the American Society for Therapeutic Radiology and Oncology from 1999 to 2004 and the annual meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology from 1999 until 2005 were searched. Ongoing trials were identified through the Physician Data Query database (www.cancer.gov/search/clinical_trials). Results: RT n combination with surgery enhances tumor control of locally advanced cancer disease and has been shown to improve disease-free and overall survival in rectal cancer. In esophageal adenocarcinoma, survival was prolonged with pre-operative chemo-radiation in a meta-analysis. In gastric cancer, post-operative chemo-radiation can be considered after limited lymphadenectomy. Evidence for improving survival remains to be shown for pancreatic cancer and hepatobiliary carcinoma. In colon cancer, post-operative chemotherapy has proven to prolong survival. The impact of RT seems to be most prominent in the pre-operative setting in patients treated with curative intent. Conclusions: Pre-operative RT or pre-operative chemo-radiation may be considered in individual cases, but should not be used routinely for gastro-intestinal carcinoma, except for rectal carcinoma. In many studies, pre-operative radiotherapy/chemo-radiation yielded promising results and merits validation in large controlled trials. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Venous resection in pancreatic cancer surgery$$$ Vascular resection and reconstruction at the time of pancreaticoduodenectomy (PD) adds complexity to an already demanding operation. In this chapter, we review the indications, surgical techniques, and most recent results of venous resection combined with PD. The need for venous resection may not always be apparent on preoperative imaging, and surgeons who perform PD should be familiar with standard techniques necessary for vascular resection and reconstruction. Recent data suggest that with proper patient selection and surgeon experience, vascular resection and reconstruction can be performed safely and does not impact survival duration even in patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. The median survival of patients who underwent PD and required vascular resection was 23 months, approximately 1 year longer than the survival of patients with locally advanced, surgically unresectable pancreatic cancer who receive palliative chemotherapy or chemoradiation. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
The argument for pre-operative chemoradiation for localized, radiographically resectable pancreatic cancer$$$ Although not universally accepted, chemoradiation is considered a standard adjuvant treatment for patients with resected pancreatic cancer. Theoretical advantages of reduced toxicity and increased efficacy with the use of pre-operative chemoradiation compared to post-operative adjuvant chemoradiation have recently been validated with the publication of a phase III trial in the adjuvant treatment of rectal cancer. Additional advantages of pre-operative chemoradiation that apply specifically to pancreatic cancer include increased access to therapy in patients treated before surgery, addressing the systemic disease recurrence risk without delay, and optimal patient selection for pancreaticoduodenectomy through exclusion of patients with rapidly progressive metastatic disease. Critical components of a pre-operative treatment strategy for pancreatic cancer include adherence to a strict definition of resectability, accurate radiographic staging capable of identifying patients with potentially resectable disease, and a safe and efficient means of obtaining a tissue diagnosis and relieving biliary obstruction. Herein, we discuss the rationale for the use of pre-operative chemoradiation in pancreatic cancer, the results of treatment, and future strategies to address the pattern of disease recurrence. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Endoscopic stent drainage for malignant biliary obstruction: The korean experience$$$ Endoscopic biliary drainage (EBD) is the treatment of choice for biliary obstruction caused by unresectable pancreaticobiliary malignancies. Clogging is an unsolved problem of the plastic stent. A self-expanding metal stent (SEMS) was developed to overcome this limitation. Total resource utilization was reported to be lower with SEMS compared with plastic stents in the West. However, in Korea, the average total cost is estimated to be higher in the metal stent group. The use of SEMS should be indicated if the survival is expected to be more than 3 months. Covered SEMS was introduced to overcome the problem of tumor ingrowth into the uncovered stent. Patency rates for covered SEMS tended to be greater than uncovered SEMS, but the complication rate in covered SEMS was higher than uncovered SEMS due to migration, occlusion of the cystic duct, of a contralateral hepatic duct, or of pancreatic duct. Stents without clogging or migration, with antitumor or biodegradable properties are being investigated. For unresectable hilar cholangiocarcinoma (HC) of Bismuth type III or IV, unilateral percutaneous transhepatic biliary drainage (PTBD) and subsequent internal stent causes less cholangitis and longer patency than EBD or PTBD alone. However, the result with EBD is good if the Bismuth type of biliary obstruction is I or II. Photodynamic therapy may improve survival of patients with unresectable cholangiocarcinoma. Preoperative biliary drainage is not usually necessary except for HC. Procedure-related complication and inflammation of the operative field resulting from endoscopic nasobiliary drainage or endoscopic retrograde biliary drainage are expected to cause surgical difficulties and to affect postoperative complications. © 2006 Japan Gastroenterological Endoscopy Society. ER  - 
Pancreatic cancer: Surgery alone is not sufficient$$$ For a patient with resected pancreatic cancer at the head of the pancreas, the goal of the medical community in the new millennium is a long-term survival rate exceeding 50% at 5 years. This goal can best be achieved with the following formula: accurate staging by improved imaging that includes laparoscopy for selected patients with locally extensive disease using computed tomography; a balanced resection, not too extensive and not too limited; centralized treatment in high-volume centers, which includes not just the surgeons and hospitals, but also the chemotherapy infusion units; and use of an effective adjuvant or neoadjuvant treatment in which toxicity is associated with efficacy. The ideal outcome for the surgeon is delivery of a patient who has been accurately staged to receive the most appropriate treatment in a timely fashion for an effective chemoradiotherapy protocol. To do this, the surgeon should use objective benchmarks of safe pancreatic resection, which involves resecting only enough, achieving low blood loss, and achieving a minimal length of hospital stay. The outcome is a patient who has optimized his or her gastrointestinal, endocrine, and exocrine functions and is ready for adjuvant treatment 6 weeks after resection. Surgery alone is not sufficient. © Springer Science+Business Media, Inc. 2006. ER  - 
Rationale and appropriate use of chemotherapy and radiotherapy for pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma$$$ The emergence of effective systemic chemotherapy, along with the parallel development of new targeted cell signal inhibitors for pancreatic cancer treatment, has provided impetus for a re-examination of the appropriate use of chemotherapy and radiation therapy in this malignancy. In addition to exciting developments in the treatment of locally advanced and metastatic disease, new data have emerged regarding the efficacy of adjuvant and neoadjuvant therapy when combined with traditional surgical approaches such as a Whipple procedure. This review summarizes the sentinel clinical trials and discoveries that have influenced the development and deployment of scientifically based multidisciplinary care for today's patients, with a particular focus on modern radiation and chemotherapy. Copyright © 2006 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Treatment of carcinoma of the pancreatic head$$$ For patients with carcinoma in the head of the pancreas surgical resection remains the only chance of cure. Perioperative mortality could be reduced in the last years dramatically, postoperative morbidity, however, remains high. Only a small percentage of all patients suffering from pancreas carcinoma are good candidates for an operative therapy. The most frequent contraindications are metastases in the liver or the peritoneum or a locally too advanced tumor. The extent of surgical resection necessary in patients with pancreas carcinoma is still in discussion. Even after an operation under curative aspects long term results remain disappointing. Median survival still ranges only about 16 months. A substantial improvement of long term- survival can only be expected from new multimodal therapeutic strategies. Adjuvant chemotherapy should strongly be recommended after resection of a pancreas carcinoma. Neoadjuvant therapy on the other hand is still an experimental procedure and under evaluation in ongoing prospective randomized studies. © J. A. Barth Verlag in Georg Thieme Verlag KG. ER  - 
Postchemotherapy Characteristics of Hepatic Colorectal Metastases: Remnants of Uncertain Malignant Potential$$$ Accepted management for colorectal cancer (CRC) involves resection of the primary neoplasm and chemotherapy; the debate continues over the most beneficial order of these components. Preoperative chemotherapy aimed at liver metastases may result in complete pathologic response and replacement of the malignancy with scar. The McGill University liver diseases database was retrospectively reviewed. Forty-one patients receiving treatment between December 2003 and August 2004 were identified, their medical records examined, and liver histology reviewed. The histology of the remnants was linked to the appearance of the lesions on preresection imaging and to the primary colorectal neoplasms. Twenty-seven of the 41 patients (66%) received preoperative chemotherapy (oxaliplatin or irinotecan). Features of the primary neoplasm that predicted resolution of the metastases were absence of tumor budding (P = 0.04), absence of a diffusely infiltrative tumor margin (P = 0.02), and loss of expression of the DNA repair gene O6-methylguanine-DNA methyltransferase (P = 0.08). Oxaliplatin and irinotecan demonstrate beneficial effects in treating hepatic colorectal metastases and should be considered in such patients before resection. We propose the acronym RUMP to denote the remnants of uncertain malignant potential remaining. Further investigation is required to determine any correlation between the drug received and the resulting lesion. © 2006 The Society for Surgery of the Alimentary Tract. ER  - 
Gastric cancer$$$ Background: Despite a decline in its incidence in the Western Hemisphere, gastric cancer remains worldwide the second most frequent cause of cancer related deaths. Although over the last years substantial progress both in the diagnosis and treatment of the disease has been achieved, radical surgery represents the only therapy to cure a patient suffering from gastric cancer. Methods: In this article, the author reviews the literature and summarizes the salient points regarding the roles of the surgical resection in early, locally advanced and metastatic stages. Additionally, the current status of neo-, adjuvant, and palliative treatment for gastric cancer is delineated. Results: Data obtained by review clearly demonstrates the key role of radical surgery. The appropriate operative procedure in early gastric cancer crucially depends on the depth of tumour penetration, which is directly associated with the risk of lymph node involvement, and the comorbidity of the patient. For treatment of locally advanced disease, surgical resection is the only potentially curative option. Concerning quality of life and postoperative complications, partial gastrectomy with an appropriate proximal resection margin of 5 cm or more is superior to total gastrectomy. The extent of regional lymphadenectomy is still a matter of debate. Randomized trials have failed to prove the superiority of D2 over D1 dissection. Nevertheless, overall a minimum of 15 lymph nodes should be resected, which is achievable by removal of the lesser and greater omentum, common hepatic arterial lymph nodes, and the left gastric lymph nodes to the celiac axis. Both the spleen and the pancreas should be preserved whenever possible. Although adjuvant chemoradiation is regarded as standard therapy in the United States, it has not yet been generally accepted in Europe. Adjuvant chemotherapy should not be used routinely, although as judged by meta-analysis, its application may confer a minor but significant survival benefit. Patients with locally advanced disease may benefit from preoperative chemotherapy with down staging and higher rates of resectability. Patients with stage IV disease (anyT, anyN, M1) should be considered for palliative chemotherapy with combined regimens. At present the DCF (docetaxel, cisplatin 5- fluorouracil) protocol offers the most effective and well tolerated combination chemotherapy regimen. Conclusions: Surgery is the mainstay of treatment of gastric cancer and remains the best chance to offer hope for cure or long-term palliation. Neoadjuvant therapy is playing an increasing role in attempting to reduce the disease-specific mortality and to prolong survival. Preoperative chemoradiation is in current development. There is ongoing debate regarding the role of adjuvant treatment in advanced disease and further clinical trials and biological research are needed to move towards better consensus and standardization of care. © Springer-Verlag 2006. ER  - 
A phase I study of eniluracil/5-FU in combination with radiation therapy for potentially resectable and/or unresectable cancer of the pancreas and distal biliary tract$$$ Purpose: Eniluracil is an effective inactivator of dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase (DPD). It allows for oral dosing of 5-fluorouracil (5-FU), which may potentially improve the antitumor activity of 5-FU when delivered concurrently with radiotherapy while avoiding the inconvenience and morbidity of continuous infusion (CI) 5-FU. We addressed the safety of oral eniluracil/5-FU combined with radiation therapy and determined the profile of dose-limiting toxicities and recommended Phase II dose (RPTD) in patients with pancreatic and hepatobiliary cancers. Methods and Materials: Patients with resectable or locally advanced pancreatic and biliary cancer received eniluracil (starting at 6.0 mg/m2 q12h)/5-FU (starting at 0.6 mg/m2 q12h). Eniluracil/5-FU were given concurrently with preoperative radiation to 4500 cGy followed by 540 cGy by reduced fields. Surgery was considered 4 weeks after completion of therapy. Results: Thirteen patients were enrolled. Chemoradiotherapy was completed in all patients. The MTD was not reached and, thus, the RPTD of eniluracil/5-FU was determined to be 10 mg/m2 q12h/1 mg/m2 q12h. Two patients with locally advanced disease had a 30-45 percent cross-sectional tumor reduction, one of which underwent margin-negative resection. Two of 5 patients with pancreatic cancer, and 1 of 3 patients with cholangiocarcinoma, with underwent exploratory surgery had margin-negative resections. One patient had a pathologic complete response (pCR). Patient 5-FU plasma exposure increased slightly from Day 8 to Day 31. Conclusion: Preoperative chemoradiation with oral eniluracil/5-FU is feasible, well tolerated, and potentially effective in the neoadjuvant setting. Further investigation of oral fluoropyrimidines as radiosensitizers for pancreaticobiliary malignancies is warranted. Copyright © Taylor & Francis Group, LLC. ER  - 
New indication for reduction surgery in patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma with major vascular involvement$$$ Background: The prognosis of advanced hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) remains poor, particularly in patients with tumor thrombi (TT) in the major vessels. Patients and Methods: From July 1992 to October 2004, 161 patients diagnosed as having advanced HCC with major vascular involvement were seen consecutively at our hospital. Among these patients, 32 (20%) underwent surgical resection [16 complete resection (CR), 16 reductive resection (RR)]. Eighteen patients (11%) received radiotherapy (RT), 73 (45%) underwent transcatheter arterial chemoembolization (TACE) or transcatheter arterial infusion chemotherapy (TAI), 8 (5%) with distant metastases received systemic chemotherapy, and 30 (19%) received palliative therapy. Results: Excluding the CR group, the patients in the RR group had a higher 1-year survival rate than the other treatment groups. However, there was no significant difference in the overall survival rates of the RR, RT, and TACE/TAI groups. When we evaluated prognostic factors to clarify the indications for RR in the multidisciplinary treatment of patients with advanced HCC with TT, prothrombin activity (PA) was identified as a significant independent preoperative factor for overall survival in the RR group. The survival rate in patients with PA of ≤78% was significantly lower than that of patients with PA of >78% (P = 0.0004). The median survival time of patients with serum PA of >78% who underwent RR was 13.9 months and that of patients who underwent CR was 9.1 months, with no survival difference between the groups. Conclusion: In advanced HCC with major vascular involvement, patients who had RR with PA of greater 78% achieved a similar survival to those who had CR. The surgeon should still proceed with RR in those patients with serum PA of >78% if CR does not seem feasible on preoperative evaluation. © 2006 by the Société Internationale de Chirurgie. ER  - 
Onset of liver metastasis after histologically curative resection of pancreatic cancer$$$ Purpose. We assessed the possibility of predicting the time of onset of liver metastases by measuring the postoperative changes in serum carbohydrate antigen (CA)19-9 after curative resection of pancreatic cancers. Methods. Among 28 patients who underwent histologically defined curative resection of pancreatic cancer between 1984 and 1999, liver metastasis developed in 11 patients with elevated serum CA19-9 levels. We plotted the serum CA19-9 levels against time on a semilogarithmic graph. Over the linear part of the curve, the time when log[CA19-9] equaled zero was defined as the time of onset of liver metastases. The log[CA19-9] level doubling time was then calculated and evaluated in relation to the survival period. Results. The serum CA19-9 levels increased linearly in 10 of the 11 patients. The predicted time of onset of liver metastasis ranged from preoperative day 163.0 to postoperative day 27.1, being preoperative in eight patients. The doubling time until death correlated strongly with survival in the eight patients with maintained log[CA19-9] linearity. Conclusion. The onset of liver metastases might be preoperative in patients with advanced pancreatic cancer. Therefore, neoadjuvant chemotherapy should be mandatory even if there is no sign of liver metastases. © Springer-Verlag 2006. ER  - 
Aggressive surgical and chemotherapeutic treatment of advanced pancreatoblastoma associated with tumor thrombus in portal vein$$$ A 3-year-old boy had pancreatoblastoma arising in the pancreatic head and body, with metastasis in the mesenteric lymph nodes, tumor thrombus in the portal vein, and a small metastatic lesion in the left lung. After preoperative chemotherapy, aggressive surgical treatment including resection and reconstruction of the portal and superior mesenteric veins was performed. Postoperative chemotherapy was followed by high-dose chemotherapy and rescue with peripheral blood stem cell transplantation, and he has now been well for 6 years. This is the first surviving pediatric case of advanced pancreatoblastoma treated by aggressive surgical therapy including reconstruction of the portal vein and high-dose chemotherapy followed by peripheral blood stem cell transplantation. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
A case of juvenile endocrine cell carcinoma of the transverse colon$$$ A 34-year-old man referred for melena and abdominal mass was found, on admission, by abdominal CT and MRI to have a huge left upper abdominal mass. Closer examination showed a suspected mesenchymal tumor arising from the transverse mesocolon, involving the transverse colon and pancreas, necessitating en bloc resection of the tumor by left hemicolectomy, distal pancreatectomy, and splenectomy. The resected 17 X 11 X 8 cm , 1,500g tumor consisted microscopically of atypical polygonal cells proliferating in a solid nest with abundant eosinophilic cytoplasm. Immunohistochemically, tumor cells were positive for synaptophysin,chromogranin A, and neuronal-specific enolase (NSE), and the tumor was diagnosed as endocrine cell carcinoma. The patient underwent adjuvant chemotherapy with CDDP and CPT-11, but died due to local recurrence, liver metastasis, and peritonitis carcinomatosa 7 months after surgery. The prognosis of colorectal endocrine cell carcinoma is dismal, requiring effective intensive treatment, including neoadjuvant chemotherapy and radiation. © 2006 The Japanese Society of Gastroenterological Surgery. ER  - 
Current state of adjuvant therapy in resected pancreatic adenocarcinoma$$$ Pancreatic carcinoma cannot generally be cured by surgery alone. This review summarizes the development of adjuvant therapy over the past two decades. Four randomized controlled trials compare long-term survival of different treatments. The small GITSG-study supports combined chemoradiation, but the EORTC-study found no significant effect. A Norwegian study of adjuvant chemotherapy found an increased median survival, but no effect beyond two years. The large ESPAC-1 study shows a benefit for 5-FU based chemotherapy, while chemoradiation had a negative effect. Thus, evidence favours adjuvant therapy, but 5-FU may not be the ultimate drug. Support for gemcitabine is given by preliminary data from a German randomized trial, and further American and European studies are upcoming. However, postoperative therapy is problematic, as 20-30% of resected patients never undergo treatment because of slow recovery or other reasons. Preoperative therapy has some theoretical advantages, and moreover, patients with rapidly progressive disease may be spared surgery. Randomized controlled trials are lacking, but published results compare well with postoperative, adjuvant therapy. The value of locally targeted therapy is difficult to assess. Reasonable results have been obtained with regional chemotherapy, whereas intraoperative radiotherapy does not seem to increase survival despite reducing reducing local recurrences. © 2006 Taylor & Francis. ER  - 
Long term morbidity of neoadjuvant chemoradiation for pancreatic head adenocarcinoma$$$ Purpose: To report the long term risks of neoadjuvant chemoradiation (NCRT) after duodenopancreatectomy (DP) for adenocarcinoma of the head of pancreas. Methods: Between January 1996 and December 2002, 26 patients with biopsy-proven adenocarcinoma of the head of pancreas were treated by this combination of therapies. Results: Two patients had delayed NCRT-related small bowel infarction: one died from superior mesenteric artery stenosis 36 months after DP without recurrence at laparotomy; there was one limited infarction 16 months after DP. Conclusions: long term vascular morbidity after NCRT is significant. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
A multi-institutional phase II trial of preoperative full-dose gemcitabine and concurrent radiation for patients with potentially resectable pancreatic carcinoma$$$ Background: We report the results of a multi-institutional phase II trial that used preoperative full-dose gemcitabine and radiotherapy for patients with potentially resectable pancreatic carcinoma. Methods: Patients were treated before surgery with three cycles of full-dose gemcitabine (1000 mg/m2 intravenously), with radiation during the second cycle (36 Gy in daily 2.4-Gy fractions). Patients underwent surgery 4 to 6 weeks after the last gemcitabine infusion. Results: There were 10 men and 10 women, with a median age of 58 years (range, 50-80 years). Nineteen patients (95%) completed therapy without interruption, and one experienced grade 3 gastrointestinal toxicity. The mean weight loss after therapy was 4.0%. Of 20 patients taken to surgery, 17 (85%) underwent resections (16 pancreaticoduodenectomies and 1 distal pancreatectomy). The complication rate was 24%, with an average length of stay of 13.5 days. There were no operative deaths. Pathologic analysis revealed clear margins in 16 (94%) of 17 and uninvolved lymph nodes in 11 (65%) of 17 specimens. One specimen contained no residual tumor, and three specimens revealed only microscopic foci of residual disease. With a median follow-up of 18 months, 7 (41%) of the 17 patients with resected disease are alive with no recurrence, 3 (18%) are alive with distant metastases, and 7 (41%) have died. Conclusions: Preoperative gemcitabine/radiotherapy is well tolerated and safe when delivered in a multi-institutional setting. This protocol had a high rate of subsequent resection, with acceptable morbidity. The high rate of negative margins and uninvolved nodes suggests a significant tumor response. Preliminary survival data are encouraging. This regimen should be considered in future neoadjuvant trials for pancreatic cancer. © 2006 The Society of Surgical Oncology, Inc. ER  - 
The current role of staging laparoscopy for adenocarcinoma of the pancreas: A review$$$ In the absence of metastatic disease patients with localized or locally advanced pancreatic cancer can benefit from surgical resection or chemoradiation. Despite the advances of imaging technology, however, noninvasive staging modalities are still inaccurate in identifying small volume metastatic disease leading potentially to inappropriate treatment and avoidable morbidity in a subgroup of patients. Staging laparoscopy may identify those patients with unsuspected metastatic disease on preoperative imaging and prevent unnecessary laparotomy or chemoradiation. A controversy exists, however, as to whether the procedure should be used routinely or selectively in pancreatic cancer patients with no evidence of metastasis on noninvasive staging. This review aims to assess the current role of staging laparoscopy by examining its diagnostic accuracy and ability to prevent unnecessary treatment as well as its morbidity, oncologic effect and cost-effectiveness. The available literature will be evaluated critically, its limitations identified and exisiting controversies addressed. © 2005 European Society for Medical Oncology. ER  - 
Identification of prognostic factors associated with early mortality after surgical resection for pancreatic cancer - Under-analysis of cumulative survival curve$$$ Background: The cumulative survival curve after surgery for advanced pancreatic cancer is characterized by a steep downward slope in the early postoperative period. The aim of this investigation was to identify the characteristics associated with early mortality in patients undergoing pancreatic resection for pancreatic cancer. Methods: Thirty-seven patients with extended radical pancreatectomy combined with intraoperative radiation therapy were studied. The cumulative survival curve in this series was depicted using the Kaplan-Meier method. Assuming that there were two distinct survival curves, below and above the breakpoint, each part of the curve was modeled as an exponential distribution. Three parameters, the breakpoint, the high hazard rate below the breakpoint, and the low hazard rate above the breakpoint were estimated by the maximum likelihood method. Prognostic factors associated with early mortality after surgery were evaluated using univariate and multivariate Cox proportional hazards regression analyses. Results: The breakpoint of the survival curve was estimated at 41 months. The short-survival group (SSG) was defined as deceased earlier than 41 months after surgery, and included 31 patients (83.8 %). The long-survival patient group (LSG) consisted of 6 patients who were alive more than 41 months after surgery. Eighteen SSG patients (58.1 %) died of hepatic metastases, whereas no LSG patients died of hepatic metastases. Abdominal pain and/or back pain during clinical course was identified by multivariate analysis as a prognostic factor for patients undergoing pancreatic resection. Conclusions: The high hazard rate in the early postoperative period was closely linked with death due to liver metastases. The preoperative presence of local pain was a prognostic factor associated with early mortality. © 2006 by the Société Internationale de Chirurgie. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant chemoradiation in patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma$$$ In spite of the high mortality in pancreatic cancer, significant progress is being made. This review discusses multimodality therapy for patients with pancreatic cancer. Surgical therapy currently offers the only potential monomodal cure for pancreatic adenocarcinoma. However, only 10-20% of patients present with tumors that are amenable to resection, and even after resection of localized cancers, long-term survival is rare. The addition of chemoradiation therapy significantly increases median survival. To achieve long-term success in treating this disease it is therefore increasingly important to identify effective neoadjuvant/adjuvant multimodality therapies. Preoperative chemoradiation for potentially resectable pancreatic cancer has the following advantages: (1) neoadjuvant treatment would eliminate the delay of adjuvant treatment due to postoperative complications; (2) neoadjuvant treatment could avoid unnecessary surgery for patients with metastatic disease evident on restaging after neoadjuvant therapy; (3) down-staging after neoadjuvant therapy may increase the likelihood of negative surgical margins; and (4) neoadjuvant treatment could prevent peritoneal tumor cell implantation and dissemination caused during surgery. This review systematically summarizes the current status, controversies, and prospects of neoadjuvant treatment of pancreatic cancer. © 2006 Taylor & Francis. ER  - 
A case of gastric cancer responded dramatically to docetaxel for chemotherapy$$$ We report a case of stage IV gastric cancer resected after successful treatment with docetaxel as chemotherapy. A 70-year-old man was admitted to hospital because of progressive appetite loss. Endoscopic examination revealed type 3 advanced gastric cancer at the upper body of the stomach. Computed tomography (CT) showed pancreas and lymph node invasion at the splenic hilum. The preoperative diagnosis was stageIV gastric cancer. Since a curative operation was deemed impossible, we started the chemotherapy using TS-1 for downstaging. TS-1 (100mg/day) was orally administered for 4 weeks followed by a drug-free 2-week period as 1 course. At the completion of 1 course, the tumors were assessed, showing disease progression (DP). Therefore, for the second regimen, CPT-11 was administered at a dose of 100mg/body intravenous infusion once a week for three weeks followed by a drug-free 2-week period as 1 course. After 2 courses, the primary lesion was assessed, showing DP. Next Docetaxel was administered at an intravenous dose of 80mg with dose free intervals of 3 weeks. After 4 courses, the primary lesion was reduced in size, so this therapy had induced a partial response (PR). Subsequently, the patient underwent curative total gastrectomy with pancreatectomy and splenectomy and cholecystectomy together with D3 lymph node dissection. Histological examination of the primary lesion revealed a small amount of residual cancer cells. This case suggests that docetaxel therapy is effective against advanced gastric cancer. ©2006 The Japanese Society of Gastroenterological Surgery. ER  - 
Effect of neoadjuvant chemoradiation on operative mortality and morbidity for pancreaticoduodenectomy$$$ Background: Neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy (neo-CRT) is being used with increasing frequency for periampullary tumors, but how it alters the complication rate of pancreaticoduodenectomy (PD) is unclear. Methods: A retrospective analysis was conducted of 79 patients with periampullary malignancies who received 5-fluorouracil-based neo-CRT followed by PD. Results: There was no difference in mortality between PD after neo-CRT (3.8%) and conventional PD for either malignant (4.5%) or benign (2.2%) disease. Focusing only on patients with malignancy, the neo-CRT group had a significantly lower pancreatic leak rate than the conventional group (10% vs. 43%; P < .001). Intra-abdominal abscesses were less common in the neo-CRT group (8.8% vs. 21%; P = .019), and there was one (1.2%) amylase-rich abscess in neo-CRT group, compared with eight (12%) in the conventional group. In addition, two patients in the conventional group died of leak-associated sepsis, compared with none in the neo-CRT group. Multivariate analysis revealed that neoadjuvant chemoradiation (odds ratio, .15) was the most significant factor associated with a reduced risk of pancreatic leak. Conclusions: Neo-CRT does not increase the mortality or morbidity of PD. In contrast, neo-CRT was associated with a marked reduction in the incidence of pancreatic leak, as well as leak-associated morbidity and mortality. © 2006 The Society of Surgical Oncology, Inc. ER  - 
Pancreatic cancer: What is new in 2005?$$$ During the year 2005, many publications were presented about pancreatic tumours concerning the palliative treatment of advanced adenocarcinoma, perioperative strategies (i.e., adjuvant and neoadjuvant), and genetic or environmental factors that predispose to this cancer. Several valuable first lines of chemotherapy for unresectable cancers will be soon available, in view of promising results of biotherapies (i.e., erlotinib) or capecitabine combined with gemcitabine. Perioperative treatments may provide additional chances to cure the disease or to delay the tumor relapse. In addition, it should allow to better select the patients for a surgical resection (neoadjuvant strategy). About basic research, new developments of proteomic and pharmacogenomic are promising. Early detection of pancreatic adenocarcinoma in high-risk patients (about 10% of pancreatic adenocarcinomas), although delicate to perform, may become soon a reality in our practice. The deleterious role of tobacco consumption and way of feeding has been confirmed by several communications this year. © John Libbey Eurotext. ER  - 
The role of neoadjuvant chemoradiation in pancreatic cancer$$$ Although complete surgical resection, when possible, leads to prolonged survival in pancreatic cancer, if used alone, its results remain sub-optimal. Neoadjuvant strategies are recent in pancreatic cancer: in primary resectable tumors, they ensure that all patients obtain additional treatment to complete surgery; in locally advanced tumors, they allow a better selection of candidates for curative resection. By delaying surgery, neoadjuvant strategies modify the initial diagnostic process and the symptomatic treatment of pancreatic cancer. Several recent phase I-II studies have confirmed the feasibility and efficacy of the association of chemotherapy and radiotherapy, which is well-tolerated and is associated with better local control and survival. Due to the aggressiveness of pancreatic cancers, most recent cytotoxic agents should be associated with modern radiation techniques. Neoadjuvant chemoradiation is under evaluation in pancreatic cancers, and no randomized phase III trials comparing neoadjuvant and adjuvant therapeutic sequences has been reported. Moreover, radiological and pathological evaluations, not only at diagnosis, but also after preoperative chemoradiation, must be standardized to improve the selection of patients who will benefit from this multi-modal treatment. © 2006. Elsevier Masson SAS. Tous droits réserv́s. ER  - 
Staging of pancreatic cancer with multidetector CT in the setting of preoperative chemoradiation therapy$$$ Background: Preoperative chemoradiation can potentially improve outcomes in patients with pancreatic cancer. This study addresses its effect on staging pancreatic cancer with multidetector computed tomography (MDCT). Methods: Fifty-five patients underwent a dual-phase MDCT pancreas protocol for proved pancreatic cancer. Of these, 16 patients underwent preoperative chemoradiation. Three radiologists independently reviewed images to assess for locally advanced disease, liver and peritoneal metastases on baseline studies of all 55 patients, and on follow-up preoperative studies for the 16 patients receiving preoperative therapy. Overall score for resectability was graded on a scale from 1 to 5 (1, definitely resectable; 5. definitely unresectable). Receiver operating characteristic curves and weighted (κ statistics were determined. Results: The areas under the receiver operating characteristic curves for readers 1, 2, and 3 were 0.98, 0.96, and 0.90, respectively. Weighted κ values for reader 1 versus reader 2, reader 1 versus reader 3, and reader 2 versus reader 3 were 0.90, 0.57, and 0.54, respectively. Interpreting scores of 1 to 3 for resectability as resectable disease, the mean values for sensitivity, specificity, negative predictive value, positive predictive value, and accuracy were 0.92, 0.91, 0.74, 0.98, and 0.92 respectively. Conclusion: The negative predictive value for MDCT for identifying unresectable pancreatic cancer in the setting of preoperative therapy is comparable to that reported in the absence of neoadjuvant therapy. © 2006 Springer Science+Business Media, Inc. ER  - 
Combined-modality treatment for operable pancreatic adenocarcinoma$$$ Although in centers where pancreatectomy is performed frequently, associated morbidity and mortality rates have improved, long-term outcomes in pancreatic adenocarcinoma patients remain poor when surgery is the sole therapeutic modality. The impact of adjuvant chemotherapy on survival in patients with localized pancreatic cancer remains incompletely defined. The European Study Group for Pancreatic Cancer (ESPAC)-1 trial has suggested that overall survival rates are superior when chemotherapy is added to surgery, even when regimens believed to be relatively ineffective in the treatment of advanced disease are used. The role of radiotherapy given with chemotherapy is also unresolved, but chemoradiation continues to receive consideration in the multimodality approach to localized pancreatic cancer. Enhanced collaboration and increased involvement by pancreatic surgeons have helped in the recruitment of pancreatic cancer patients for large-scale randomized clinical trials in Europe and the United States. Many newer chemotherapeutic agents with efficacy in gastrointestinal cancers have yet to be investigated in the adjuvant and neoadjuvant settings. ER  - 
Treatment planning for resected abdominal tumors: Differences in organ position between diagnostic and radiation-planning computed tomography scans$$$ Purpose: To evaluate whether organ location, determined from preoperative diagnostic computed tomography scans (CTs), accurately reflects organ location when patients are positioned for radiation therapy. Methods and Materials: We identified patients with upper abdominal malignancies treated with surgery and/or radiation therapy. Comparisons of organ position relative to fixed bony landmarks were made among preoperative diagnostic CTs, postoperative diagnostic CTs, and radiation-planning CTs. We studied 18 patients who had CTs differing only in scanning technique, 11 patients who had CTs differing only in operative state, and 7 patients with CTs differing in both scanning technique and operative state. Results: For patients with diagnostic CTs and radiation-planning CTs that were either both preoperative or both postoperative, mean organ position, measured relative to a fixed bony landmark, ranged from 1.9 to 3.2 cm superior on radiation-planning CTs compared with diagnostic CTs (p < 0.0001). Mean organ position ranged from 0.9 to 1.7 cm posterior on radiation-planning CTs compared with diagnostic CTs (p ≤ 0.008). Shifts in the right-left direction were small and variable. For patients with pre- and postoperative diagnostic CTs, organ shifts were variable and not significant. Organ shifts for patients with preoperative diagnostic CTs and postoperative radiation-planning CTs were similar to shifts observed for the first group. Conclusions: Relative to bony landmarks, there are superior and posterior shifts in organ position for radiation-planning CTs compared with diagnostic CTs. These shifts should be considered during treatment planning for resected abdominal tumors. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Docetaxel/gemcitabine followed by gemcitabine and external beam radiotherapy in patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma$$$ Background: Pancreatic cancer remains highly lethal. Previous attempts with neoadjuvant therapy in this disease have been inconclusive, but a potential for benefit exists. We conducted a phase II trial of dose-intense docetaxel and gemcitabine followed by twice-weekly gemcitabine and external beam radiotherapy in patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Methods: Patients with stage I to III disease were eligible. Docetaxel 65 mg/m2 intravenously over 1 hour and gemcitabine 4000 mg/m2 given intravenously over 30 minutes were given on days 1, 15, and 29. On day 43, radiotherapy was begun at 50.4 Gy with gemcitabine 50 mg/m2 intravenously over 30 minutes twice weekly for 12 doses. After treatment, patients were considered for resection. Results: Twenty-four assessable patients were recruited onto the trial. All but one patient completed a full 12 weeks of therapy. Grade 3 and 4 hematological and nonhematological toxicities were common but manageable, and neutropenic fever did not occur. No patient had local tumor progression. Twelve patients (50%) responded by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors Group (RECIST) criteria, including one radiographic complete response. Seventeen patients underwent resection after therapy. Margin-negative resections were performed in 13 patients, including 9 patients whose disease was borderline or unresectable before treatment. A treatment effect was seen in all resection specimens. There have been no local recurrences of tumor, and several patients remain alive without evidence of disease. Conclusions: Docetaxel/gemcitabine followed by gemcitabine/radiotherapy is active in the treatment of pancreatic adenocarcinoma, with manageable toxicity. Tumor downstaging occurs in some patients to allow complete resection. Further investigation of this regimen is warranted. © 2005 The Society of Surgical Oncology, Inc. ER  - 
Laparoscopic radiofrequency thermal ablation for unusual hepatic tumors: Operative indications and outcomes$$$ Background: There is increasing experience with laparoscopic radiofrequency ablation for the treatment of patients with hepatic metastasis from colorectal and neuroendocrine cancer and those with hepatocellular cancer. Little is known about the outcomes for patients with other tumor types. Methods: Between January 1996 and March 2005, 517 patients with 1,500 primary and metastatic liver tumors underwent laparoscopic radiofrequency ablation. Among these, 53 patients (10%) had cancers other than the colorectal, neuroendocrine, or hepatocellular types including sarcoma (n = 18), breast cancer (n = 10), esophagus cancer (n = 4), melanoma (n = 4), lung cancer (n = 3), ovarian cancer (n = 2), pancreas cancer (n = 2), unknown primary cancer (n = 2), cholangiocarcinoma (n = 2), rectal squamous cancer (n = 2), renal cancer (n = 2), papillary thyroid cancer (n = 1), and hemangioendothelioma (n = 1). Unlike the criteria for treatment of the more usual tumor types, these patients had a diagnosis of liver-exclusive disease, as diagnosed by preoperative imaging. They also had failed chemotherapy. Results: The 53 patients underwent ablation of 192 lesions, with 8 patients undergoing repeat treatment. The hospital stay averaged 1 day, and there was no 30-day mortality. Complications included one postoperative hemorrhage, one liver abscess, and one wound infection. Tumors recurred locally for 17% of the lesions over a mean follow-up period of 24 months. The overall median survival was 33 months for the whole series, more than 51 months for breast cancer, and 25 months for sarcoma. Conclusion: Laparoscopic radiofrequency ablation can safely and effectively treat hepatic metastasis of these unusual tumor types. The authors believe that this heterogeneous group of patients, selected for their unusual presentation of liver-exclusive disease, may benefit from cytoreduction of their tumor by laparoscopic radiofrequency ablation when other treatment methods have failed. © Springer Science+Business Media, Inc. 2005. ER  - 
Endoscopic pancreatic duct stenting for relief of pancreatic cancer pain$$$ Introduction: Little is known about the effects of endoscopic pancreatic duct (PD) decompression in patients with 'obstructive type' pain from pancreatic carcinoma. Methods: Twenty patients with unresectable carcinoma of the pancreas, PD obstruction and postprandial epigastric pain were enrolled. The pain intensity, opioid dose and quality-of-life index were documented pre-treatment and at 4-weekly intervals. PD stenting was attempted in all patients. PD stent change was performed if biliary stents had to be changed or intense pain relapsed. Results: Endoscopic PD drainage was successful in 19/20 patients by placement of a 7F (n = 9) or 10F (n = 10) plastic stent. Median follow-up was 16 weeks. Two patients were alive at the end of follow-up. Eleven patients received gemcitabine chemotherapy. The pre-interventional pain score was 6.7±0.9 points and decreased to 3.1±1.4 points at 4 weeks (P<0.001). It remained lowered significantly at 8/12 weeks and at the final visit (4.2±1.5 points, n = 13). The mean pre-stenting fentanyl dose was 85.5±34.7 μg/h, and it was decreased to 57.9±39.1 μg/h after 4 weeks (P<0.01), 60.5±38.9 μg/h after 8 weeks and 64.1±39 μg/h (P<0.01 versus pre-treatment) after 12 weeks but increased to 82.7±41.3μg/h (NS) at the final visit. The quality-of-life index improved 4 weeks after stenting (from 4.8±1 to 6.2±1.5 points, P<0.01) but was lowered to 5.5±2.3 points at 12 weeks (NS). The response was independent of stent diameter and chemotherapy. Conclusion: PD stenting achieved significant pain relief and short-term improvement of the quality of life in the majority of patients with PD obstruction due to pancreatic carcinoma. © 2005 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Immunohistochemistry of p53, Bcl-2, and Ki-67 as predictors of chemosensitivity.$$$ Chemosensitivity is affected by molecular biological factors, including factors related to the induction of apoptosis and the activity of proliferation. We analyzed immunohistochemically the expression of p53, Bcl-2, and Ki-67 in various types of cancers and assessed the correlation between this expression and chemosensitivity. Moreover, we investigated whether the expression of these factors could be a useful predictor for the clinical response to chemotherapy. Study subjects comprised 63 preoperative patients with untreated malignant tumors (9 with esophageal cancer, 12 with stomach cancer, 12 with colon cancer, 16 with liver cancer, and 14 with breast cancer). Immunohistochemical staining (the labeled streptavidin biotin technique: LSAB method) was used to assess expression of p53 protein, Bcl-2 protein, and Ki-67. A chemosensitivity test was carried out with the histoculture drug response assay method using four drugs: mitomycin C, 5-fluorouracil, doxorubicin hydrochloride (ADM), and cisplatin (CDDP). Immunohistochemical studies for p53 were found to be useful for predicting chemosensitivity. ER  - 
Radiation therapy leading to complete response of residual lymph node metastasis in advanced gastric cancer.$$$ A 74-year-old male was admitted to Sendai Saiseikai Hospital with a complaint of upper abdominal pain. Gastrointestinal fibroscopy showed type 2 gastric cancer in the lower third of the stomach,and distal gastrectomy and D 2 lymph node dissection were performed. Metastatic lymph node 8 a had severely infiltrated the pancreas, and pancreatoduodenectomy was required to complete the curative surgery. However, because of preoperative complications of interstitial pneumonia, metastatic node 8 a remained untreated. Postoperatively, radiation therapy (38 Gy plus a boost of 18 Gy) for residual lymph node metastasis was performed over a one-month period. The metastatic node underwent complete regression following radiation therapy, and the patient was discharged without any adverse effects. He received TS-1 medication as postoperative adjuvant therapy. Four years have passed since the complete regression of the lymph node,and the patient has shown no signs of relapse. Therefore, our case suggests that postoperative radiation therapy can be a useful tool for treatment of residual lymph node metastasis in gastric cancer. ER  - 
Preoperative chemoradiation for pancreatic cancer$$$ Evaluation of the potential value of chemotherapy and radiation therapy in improving local disease control and survival of patients with pancreatic cancer requires accurate pretreatment staging to define the study population and a standardized system for pathologic evaluation of surgical specimens to determine the completeness of resection. These critical steps are rarely taken in pancreatic cancer studies, which leads to a heterogeneous patient population and renders interpretation of the published literature difficult. Single-institution experiences suggest that local failure rates are lower when either preoperative or postoperative chemoradiation is combined with surgery for the treatment of pancreatic cancer. Yet, clinical trials concerning the advantages of preoperative or postoperative chemoradiotherapy have yielded mixed results. Clinical trials involving patients with localized pancreatic cancer are needed that use accurate, reproducible pretreatment staging techniques, and standardized pathologic evaluation of surgical specimens. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Improvement of surgical margin with a coupled saline-radio-frequency device for multiple colorectal liver metastases$$$ Complete resection of colorectal liver metastases (LM) has been the only curative treatment. However, when LM are multiple and bilobar, only a few patients are candidates for curative surgery. We report on a 53-year-old woman with synchronous multiple and bilobar LM from sigmoidal cancer who became resectable after a multimodal strategy including preoperative systemic chemotherapy and two-step surgery. The spectacular decrease in tumor size after systemic chemotherapy led us to perform two-step surgery, including right portal-vein ligation and left liver metastasectomies, with a coupled saline-radiofrequency device, in order to improve the surgical margin. An extended right hepatectomy was performed later to remove the remaining right liver lesions. The patient was discharged after 28 days without major complication and was recurrence-free 14 months later. We conclude that improving the surgical margin with a coupled saline-radiofrequency device is feasible and effective, avoiding small remnant liver even after multiple tumorectomies. The multimodal strategy, including preoperative chemotherapy, two-step surgery, and tumorectomies, using a coupled saline-radiofrequency device, could increase the number of patients with diffuse bilobar liver metastases who can benefit from liver resection. © Springer-Verlag Tokyo 2005. ER  - 
Evaluation on survival in locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) for multimodality treatment with or without operation$$$ Background and objective: It is uncertain that the effect of multimodality treatment with operation on survival for locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The aim of this study is to evaluate the effect of multimodality treatment with or without operation on survival for locally advanced NSCLC. Methods: From May 1992 to May 1999, 114 patients with locally advanced NSCLC were divided into two arms. Arm A (n = 56): 39 cases were at stage III A, and 17 at stage III B; Median KPS was 80 (range from 70 to 90); Multimodality treatment program included operation, chemotherapy, radiotherapy and traditional Chinese herb medicine. Of them, lobectomy plus mediastinal systematic lymph node dissection or lymph node sampling accounted for 49 cases, sleeve lobectomy plus mediastinal lymph node dissection for 5 cases, and pneumonectomy for 2 cases. Preoperative or adjuvant chemotherapy regimens included MVP (mitomycin C, vindesine, cisplatin), NP (vinorelbine, cisplatin), TC (paclitaxel, carboplatin), GP (gemcitabine, cisplatin), which were repeated every 4 weeks for 4-6 cycles. Total dose of radiotherapy for lesions in the lung or mediastinal field was 5000-6000 cGy. Arm B (n = 58): 23 cases were at stage III A, and 35 at stage III B; Median KPS was 70 (range from 60 to 90); Treatment program was the same approximately as arm A except for no operation. Results: Arm A: 1 Metastatic locations in follow-up, in turn, showed as: lymph node, pleural-lung, bone, brain, liver, pericardium, skin and adrenal; 2 Median survival was 27 months, and 1-, 2- and 5-year survival rate was 82.1%, 60.7% and 25.0% respectively. Arm B: 1 Metastatic locations in follow-up, in turn, showed as: lymph node, pleural-lung, bone, brain, liver, pericardium, skin, adrenal, pancreatic and esophageal metastasis; 2 Median survival was 13 months, and 1-, 2- and 5-year survival rate was 53.4%, 31.0% and 1.7% respectively. Median survival duration of Arm A was significantly superior to Arm B (P = 0.0001). There were significant differences in 1-, 2- and 5-year survival rate between the two groups (χ2 = 9.4, P<0.01; χ2 = 8. 9, P<0.01; χ3 = 11.5, P<0.01). Conclusion: Compared with non-operative multimodality treatment, operative multimodality treatment including lobectomy or pneumonectomy with mediastinal lymph node dissection can remarkably improve the survival in patients with locally advanced NSCLC. ER  - 
Adenosquamous carcinoma of the pancreas$$$ Background/Aims: Adenosquamous carcinoma (ASC) of the pancreas is rare and correct preoperative diagnosis is difficult. Case reports of ASC of the pancreas are sporadic and have typically employed small series. This study investigated the clinicopathological features of 7 cases of ASC of the pancreas and reviewed the pertinent literature to elucidate this rare disease. Methodology: Seven patients (4 men and 3 women; age range 38-79 years; median 66 years) with ASC of the pancreas who underwent surgical treatment at Chang Gung Memorial Hospital between February 1993 and April 2000 were retrospectively reviewed. Results: Symptoms of ASC were as follows: abdominal pain (85.7%), body weight loss (85.7%), jaundice (42.9%) and anorexia (42.9%). The tumors were located at the head of the pancreas in 4 patients (57.1%), at the body in 2, and at the tail in 2. One patient had ASC at the body and tail. Most cases (5/7, 71.4%) were anemic. Seven (100%) and 5 patients (71.4%) had elevated serum CEA and CA19-9 levels, respectively. Curative pancreaticoduodenectomy was performed on 2 patients, bypass surgery on 3, and exploratory laparotomy on 2. Two patients underwent intraoperative radiotherapy. Three patients received postoperative adjuvant chemotherapy. No surgical mortality or morbidity occurred. Five of 7 patients (71.4%) died within 6 months after surgery. The median survival of the 7 patients was 4.41 months (range 1.12-22.42). Conclusions: Patients with ASC present symptoms similar to those of adenocarcinoma of the pancreas. Most patients had dismal prognosis despite aggressive surgery with or without adjuvant therapy. Copyright © 2005 S. Karger AG. ER  - 
Update of PET and PET/CT for hepatobiliary and pancreatic malignancies$$$ Evaluation of patients with known or suspected recurrent colorectal carcinoma is now an accepted indication for FDG PET imaging. FDG PET does not replace imaging modalities such as CT for preoperative anatomic evaluation, but is indicated as the initial test for diagnosis and staging of recurrence, and for preoperative staging (N and M) of known recurrence that is considered to be resectable. FDG PET imaging is valuable for differentiation of post-treatment changes from recurrent tumor, differentiation of benign from malignant lesions (indeterminate lymph nodes, hepatic and pulmonary lesions) and evaluation of patients with rising tumor markers in the absence of a known source. FDG PET has an impact on the treatment of 25%-30% of patients. Addition of FDG PET to the evaluation of these patients reduces overall treatment costs by accurately identifying patients who will and will not benefit from surgical procedures. FDG PET imaging seems promising for monitoring patient response to therapy, including regional therapy to the liver, but larger studies are necessary. FDG PET imaging appears helpful to differentiate malignant from benign hepatic lesions, with the exception of false negative HCC, false negative infiltrating cholangiocarcinoma, and false positive inflammatory lesions. It is not helpful to identify HCC in patients with cirrhosis and regenerating nodules. In patients with hepatic primary malignant tumors trapping FDG, FDG PET imaging does identify unexpected distant metastases (although military carcinomatosis is often false negative) and can help in monitoring therapy. FDG PET imaging is especially helpful for the preoperative diagnosis of pancreatic carcinoma in patients with suspected pancreatic cancer in whom CT fails to identify a discrete tumor mass or in whom FNAs are non-diagnostic. By providing preoperative documentation of pancreatic malignancy in these patients, laparotomy may be undertaken with a curative intent, and the risk of aborting resection due to diagnostic uncertainty is minimized. FDG PET imaging is also useful for M staging and restaging by detecting CT-occult metastatic disease, and allowing non-therapeutic resection to be avoided altogether in this group of patients. As is true with other neoplasms, FDG PET can differentiate post-therapy changes from recurrence and holds promise for monitoring neo-adjuvant chemoradiation therapy. FDG PET imaging is complementary to morphological imaging with CT; therefore, integrated PET/CT imaging provides optimal images for interpretation. The diagnostic implications of integrated PET/CT imaging include improved detection of lesions on both the CT and FDG PET images, better differentiation of physiologic from pathologic foci of metabolism, and better localization of the pathologic foci. This new powerful technology provides more accurate interpretation of both CT and FDG PET images and therefore more optimal patient care. PET/CT fusion images affect the clinical management by guiding further procedures (biopsy, surgery, radiation therapy), excluding the need for additional procedures, and changing both inter- and intra-modality therapy. © 2005 Taylor & Francis Group Ltd. ER  - 
Gastrinomas associated with MEN-1 syndrome: New insights for the diagnosis and management in a series of 11 patients$$$ Background/Aims: Approximately, 25-30% of patients (pts) have gastrinomas, (Zollinger-Ellison syndrome, ZES), as part of the inherited syndrome, multiple endocrine neoplasia 1 (MEN-1). The identification of MEN-1 syndrome in these pts is always important, as there are some differences in their management and prognosis. Among 33 pts with ZES, we present in this study 11 pts with ZES and MEN-1 syndrome, describing our diagnostic and therapeutic approach. Methodology: Eleven pts with ZES and MEN-1 syndrome (6 females and 5 males) were included (mean age 51.8 years). The diagnosis of ZES was based upon: a) clinical features and b) high serum gastrin levels, while in 7/11 pts diagnosis was confirmed histopathologically. A variety of other gastrointestinal peptides, as well as the general neuroendocrine tumor marker, Chromogranin-A (CgA) were also estimated. All pts underwent conventional imaging methods (CT, MRI) and OCTREOSCAN or EUS when necessary, in order to localize the primary lesion or the metastases. The diagnosis of MEN-1 was based upon the presence of the other two MEN-1 related endocrinopathies (hyperparathyroidism, pituitary adenomas), revealed by estimation of several hormones (PTH, Prolactin, ACTH etc.) and performance of imaging studies of the pituitary and parathyroid glands. When MEN-1 syndrome was established, a familiar screening of pts was also performed, when possible. The mean duration of pts' follow-up was 6.1 years (range: 2.1-8.5 years). Results: At the time of presentation, 91% pts, had symptoms of peptic ulcer disease, refractory to treatment, while a history of colicky abdominal pain due to nephrolithiasis was also reported by 45% pts. Four of our pts had a blood relation. Serum gastrin levels at the time of diagnosis were greater than 1000pg /mL in 63.5% pts, while at the same time serum CgA levels were greater than 10 times the upper normal limit (<98ng/mL) in all pts. OCTREOSCAN and EUS revealed the primary tumor (in duodenum or pancreas) in 64% pts, in whom conventional methods showed no abnormalities at the same time. Parathyroid adenomas, pituitary adenomas and bronchial carcinoids were revealed in 11, 3 and 1 pts respectively, which were treated surgically. Also, surgical treatment of pancreatic or duodenal gastrinomas was performed in 54.5% pts, while pts who already had metastases (45%), or developed them during the follow-up period (18%), were treated by somatostatin analogues (63.6%) and chemotherapy (27.3%). Ten out of 11 pts are alive and in a good condition, whereas 1 patient died 2.8 years after diagnosis. Familiar screening revealed parathyroid adenomas in 4 children of our pts, which were treated surgically. Conclusions: MEN-1 syndrome should always be considered in pts with ZES. A precise preoperative localization of all pancreaticoduodenal lesions, in combination with a surgical exploration and management by experienced surgeons, seems to be curative in pts without distal metastases. Non-surgical treatment with somatostatin analogues and chemotherapy in pts with progressive disease seem to stabilize the disease, although further studies are needed. A close clinical and biochemical follow-up of all pts, as well as their family members, is necessary in order to reveal and treat all MEN-1 related endocrinopathies and especially PETs, in an early stage. © H.G.E. Update Medical Publishing S.A. ER  - 
Locally advanced pancreatic cancer treated with radiation and 5-fluorouracil: A first step to neoadjuvant treatment?$$$ Aim of the Study: In two institutions, a retrospective analysis was performed on patients with histologically proven locally advanced pancreatic cancer without distant metastases. The aim of this analysis is to assess whether chemoradiotherapy provides survival benefit for patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer. Methods: Forty-five patients from the Erasmus Medical Centre (Erasmus MC), Rotterdam, received 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) and radiotherapy and, 38 patients from the Academic Medical Centre Amsterdam (AMC) were offered the best supportive care. Radiotherapy consisted of 50 Gy external upper abdomen radiation in two courses, concomitant with intravenous 5-FU 25 mg/kg/24 h continuously on the first 4 days of each treatment course. Results:The treatment protocol was completed in 38 of 45 patients (84%) without complications. Radiological response was evaluated in 38 patients. Ten patients (26%) showed a partial response, stable disease was seen in 6 (16%) patients and progressive disease in 22 (58%) patients. A second-look operation was performed in 8 of 10 patients (72%) showing a radiological response, in 3 patients the tumour could be resected. Median overall survival time for the Erasmus MC group (n = 45) was 9.8 months compared to 7.6 months when the best supportive care was given (AMC group, p = 0.04). Conclusion: Although overall survival remains poor, treatment with 5-FU and radiotherapy might benefit some patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer. Copyright © 2005 S. Karger AG. ER  - 
Radical gastrectomy for cancer of the stomach$$$ Although there has been progress in the treatment of gastric cancer, the overall prognosis for these patients remains grim. Chemotherapy and radiation have not convincingly demonstrated neoadjuvant benefit. Consequently, surgical resection remains the mainstay of treatment. Although some patients in Japan may be seen as candidates for endoscopic or wedge resection of early mucosal cancers, this represents a very small percentage of gastric cancers, particularly in the West. Most patients require a radical resection, to include the primary tumor, 5 to 6 cm of normal tissue around the tumor, the perigastric nodes, and the greater omentum. Lymphadenectomy beyond the D1 level has not been shown to confer a survival advantage in the West. For this reason, it is not recommended unless grossly positive nodes are present within a particular nodal basin. Resection of additional organs, such as distal pancreas or spleen, can add significantly to the morbidity of the operation, and should therefore be limited to those patients who have direct tumor invasion of these structures. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Surgical management of pancreatic cancer$$$ The overall prognosis after resection for adenocarcinoma of the pancreas remains poor; however, considerable progress has been made in terms of preoperative patient selection and radiographic staging, refinements in the technical aspects of surgical care, and investigations into the role of multimodality care for patients with potentially curable, resected cancers. Improvements in endoscopic decompression of malignant biliary obstruction have decreased the need for palliative bypass operations and have focused current surgical issues on ways to improve clinical outcomes after potentially curative resections. Controversies such as whether or not to perform extended lymph node dissections and standard versus pylorus-preserving resections have been addressed by randomized, prospective clinical trials. Major venous resections secondary to local tumor extension are now performed without an increase in morbidity or mortality and with survival rates comparable to standard resections. The impact of surgical specialization and regionalization of referrals to tertiary care centers is evident in markedly improved perioperative mortality rates. Neoadjuvant therapy is an area of current clinical investigation. This article describes the current preoperative, intraoperative, and postoperative issues in the surgical management of pancreatic cancer. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Radiochemotherapy in the management of pancreatic cancer - Part I: Neoadjuvant treatment$$$ In pancreatic cancer, complete resection offers the only hope of cure, but results of surgery alone are suboptimal. Many studies have been conducted in which the treatment regimen consists of surgery in combination with radiation and chemotherapy to improve local control and outcome. Neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy is a fairly recent approach that appears to be feasible in resectable and locally advanced pancreatic cancer. In resectable tumors, chemoradiation therapy has been shown to be at least as effective in a neoadjuvant setting as in an adjuvant setting. Neoadjuvant therapy offers a few theoretical advantages: (1) beginning the multimodality treatment with chemoradiation therapy increases the chance that more patients will receive all of its components; (2) preoperative chemoradiation therapy provides an observation period to exclude from surgical resection those patients with rapidly progressive disease; and (3) in locally advanced tumors, it provides the opportunity for downstaging and infrequently allows patients to undergo resection. To evaluate the scope and applicability of neoadjuvant treatment, a number of areas need to be addressed. First, the definition of locally advanced disease needs to be more adequately standardized because the resectability definition sometimes varies among surgeons. In addition, because imaging examinations may underestimate the effectiveness of preoperative chemoradiation therapy, some researchers have tried to evaluate treatment response via a pathological examination of the tumor specimen; however, complete pathological response appears to be rare. Finally, more efficient novel neoadjuvant approaches are required to address the high metastatic potential of pancreatic cancer. These areas are discussed in depth. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
A case of advanced gastric cancer effectively treated by combined chemotherapy of TS-1 and paclitaxel$$$ A patient was a 66-year-old male who had advanced gastric cancer with left gastric artery lymph node metastasis and invasion of pancreas and spleen. We thought a complete resection was difficult, so he was given neo-adjuvant chemotherapy by combined of TS-1 100 mg/day (2 weeks administration and 1 week rest) and Paclitaxel (PTX) 75 mg/body (day 1, 8). After 2 courses of this neo-adjuvant chemotherapy, tumor and lymph node swelling had decreased in size, and the tumor markers were reduced remarkably (CEA 9 2.5 --> 12.2 ng/ml, CA 19-9 2, 739 --> 19 3 U/ml). He underwent total gastrectomy and Roux-en Y reconstruction. No.4 d and No.7 lymph nodes were swollen and hard, but white with a neurotic-like appearance. On pathological study, no malignancy was seen in the lymph nodes, and a good partial response was achieved. In this chemotherapy, no side effects were seen, and he maintained good quality of life. TS-1/PTX therapy was thought to be an effective neoadjuvant chemotherapy for advanced gastric cancer. ER  - 
A Case of advanced gastric cancer successfully treated with TS-1/low-dose CDDP as neoadjuvant chemotherapy$$$ TS-1 was introduced into the treatment of advanced or recurrent gastric cancer cases. Along with independent administration of TS-1, a high antitumor effect has been reported in combination with various anticancer agents. We report a patient with gastric cancer successfully treated with TS-1 and low-dose CDDP as neoadjuvant chemotherapy. The patient was a 46-year-old man who was diagnosed as type 3 gastric cancer with suspected invasion of the pancreas. Histopathological findings demonstrated the degeneration of cancer cells and fibrosis in the primary tumor. The changes against neoadjuvant chemotherapy were judged to be Grade 3. The treatment was completed without adverse events. TS-1 and low-dose CDDP therapy can be one of the effective methods as neoadjuvant chemotherapy without remarkable toxicity. ER  - 
Borderline resectable pancreatic cancer$$$ Rigorous criteria to define "borderline resectable" pancreatic cancer are required for appropriate patient accrual into clinical trials that examine the utility of chemotherapy and/or chemoradiation that will be delivered prior to pancreatic resection for exocrine cancer. At our institution, tumor abutment of less than or equal to 180 degrees (≤50% of the vessel circumference) of the superior mesenteric artery, short segment abutment or encasement (≥50% of the vessel circumference) of the common hepatic artery (typically at the gastroduodenal artery origin), or segmental venous occlusion are used to categorize a pancreatic tumor as borderline resectable. These patients are at a high risk for margin positive resection with initial surgery; therefore, we favor a treatment schema that incorporates preoperative (neoadjuvant) therapy with systemic chemotherapy and chemoradiation. Patients whose tumors show radiographic stability or regression that are often accompanied by an improvement in serum tumor markers are candidates for pancreaticoduodenectomy. A prospective multicenter clinical trial with well-defined eligibility criteria may help decide the best overall treatment strategy for these patients. Vascular resection and reconstruction may be required in patients with borderline resectabte tumors, and surgery should be performed at centers with expertise in such complex pancreatic resections. Copyright © 2005 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant therapy in pancreatic cancer$$$ Pancreatic cancer remains a major troublesome clinical problem, with conventional cancer treatments having little impact on disease course. The extent of disease is often classified as localized, locally advanced, and metastatic. Radical operation is the most effective method, but only 15%-20% of patients have resectable disease, and around 20% of them survive to 5 years. For locally advanced, unresectable, and metastatic diseases, palliative treatment is more appropriate, but the median survival in these patients is less than 6 months and the 5-year survival rates are even lower than 4%. Neoadjuvant therapy has been gradually accepted in breast cancer and gastroenterological cancer, and its value in pancreatic cancer has attracted increasing interests. This paper reviews recent advances of neoadjuvant therapy in pancreatic cancer. ER  - 
Chemoradiotherapy for pancreatic cancer$$$ current status and perspectives; Concurrent Chemoradiotherapy is currently regarded as one of the standard treatment options for inoperable pancreatic cancer. However, several unsolved issues exist in treating pancreatic cancer, including the optimal radiation treatment volume, dose-fractionation, the use of gemcitabine or other new agents-based Chemoradiotherapy, and even whether Chemoradiotherapy is superior to chemotherapy alone. The role of pre- or postoperative Chemoradiotherapy for operable disease remains still less established. This article reviews the recent clinical studies, and summarizes the current status and perspectives of Chemoradiotherapy for pancreatic cancer. ER  - 
Use of expandable metallic biliary stents in resectable pancreatic cancer$$$ AIM: To compare the efficacy of metal versus plastic stents for biliary strictures in patients with surgically resectable pancreatic cancer. METHODS: The medical records at MD Anderson Caner Center from September 2001 to May 2004 were reviewed. Fifty-five patients were identified to have either a metal biliary stent (13 patients, group A) or a plastic biliary stent (42 patients, group B) and subsequently went to surgery. These two groups were compared with regards to number of stents placed prior to surgery, time period between the last stent and surgery, and operative and postoperative complications. RESULTS: Of the 13 patients in group A, 12 had pancreaticoduodenectomy performed and one had exploration only due to the peritoneal metastatses discovered at the time of surgery. Of the 12 patients with pancreaticoduodenectomy, 10 had pancreatic adenocarcinoma, 1 intraductal papillary mucinous tumor, and 1 ampullary cancer. Only 2 patients required an additional endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP) after initial metal stent placement until surgery. The average time between last stent placement and surgery was 106.5 days. Of the 42 patients in group B, 35 had pancreaticoduodenectomy and 7 had either palliative surgery or exploration due to metastatic diseases discovered at the time of surgery. Of the 35 patients, 27 had pancreatic adenocarcinoma, 5 ampullary cancer, 1 neuroendocrine tumor, 1 microcystic adenoma, and 1 autoimmune pancreatitis. Sixteen patients (38%) in group B required 3 or more ERCPs with plastic stents prior to surgery. The average time between last stent placement and surgery was 56.4 days. Preoperative chemoradiation was given to all 13 patients in group A and 31 of 42 patients in group B. There were no stent-related intra- or postoperative complications in both groups. Two of 13 patients (15%) with metal stents versus 39 of 42 patients (93%) with plastic stents, however, developed either cholangitis or cholestasis due to stent occlusion while waiting for surgery. CONCLUSIONS: Contrary to the belief that metal stents are contraindicated for patients with surgically resectable pancreatic cancer, our study demonstrated that metal stents provided a longer patency rate, fewer ERCP sessions, and fewer episodes of cholangitis without adding any intra- or postoperative complications. Therefore, metal stents should be considered for patients with resectable pancreatic cancer, especially if surgery is not immediately planned as more patients are now receiving preoperative chemoradiation. © 2005 by Am. Coll. of Gastroenterology Published by Blackwell Publishing. ER  - 
Staging laparoscopy for determinating resectablity of pancreatic cancer: Evaluation of four cases under the light of the literature$$$ Pancreatic cancer remains a highly lethal disease in spite of new developments in early diagnosis and marked improvements in surgical morbidity and mortality. An important goal in the treatment of patients with pancreatic cancer is to avoid unnecessary prosedures. Staging laparoscopy has been inroduced to prevent patients with advanced tumor disease from unnecessary laparotomy and as a diagnostic tool in neoadjuvant treatment protocols. The results of staging laparoscopy in four patients with pancreatic cancer discussed under the light of literature. ER  - 
Pancreatic cancer: Radiotherapeutic opportunities and current results$$$ Pancreatic cancer is a formidable therapeutic challenge in human oncology. Radiotherapy may contribute to local tumor control promotion in a malignant neoplastic disease with a dominant pattern of uncontrolled cancer persistance in loco-regional structures. External irradiation (with or without chemotherapy) achieves modest median survival time figures, in the range of 6 to 10 months, in unresected localized disease. Modern phase I-II trials of radical chemoradiation have reported median survival time values in the range of 8 to 14 months (generally 10 months). Preoperative chemoradiation in potentially resectable cancer has induced resectability rates in the range of 19 to 64%. In post-resected status radiotherapy, as a component for adjuvant therapy is a controversial modality. Randomized trials have reported contradictory results and a recent meta-analysis recommends adjuvant chemotherapy in this disease category and the activation of prospective clinical trials with a chemoradiation component of treatment in R+ resection margin status. Intraoperative radiotherapy is a developmental technique with an optimized dosimetric gradient for improved precision boost radiation intensification. Copyright © 2005 Aran Ediciones, S. L. ER  - 
Current diagnosis and treatment of pancreatic cancer$$$ Adenocarcinoma of the pancreas (pancreatic cancer) is the most frequent tumor entity in the pancreas. While the results of surgical therapy of pancreatic cancer were disappointing in the past due to high perioperative mortality rates, resection of pancreatic cancer nowadays represents the standard treatment for non-metastatic cancer with a mortality rate below 5%. This decrease in perioperative mortality of the Whipple operation is inversely correlated to the case load of the hospital and the responsible surgeon, and is mainly related to improvements in the intensive care management, the surgical technique and patient selection. In particular, the perioperative use of octreotide resulted in a significant decrease in the rate of pancreatic fistula. Furthermore, modern staging examinations such as diagnostic laparoscopy, PET, or endoscopic ultrasound resulted in improved patient selection. In addition, the long-term results of the surgical treatment of pancreatic cancer has been improved by adjuvant and neoadjuvant chemotherapy in the past 10 years. Similar progress has been made in the palliative treatment of metastatic or locally advanced cancer. Nowadays, endoscopic procedures can replace surgical palliation of obstructive jaundice in most cases and sometimes even gastric outlet obstruction. Moreover, systemic chemotherapy using gemcitabine-based protocols has resulted in a significant prolongation of survival. However, further progress in the treatment of pancreatic cancer can only be achieved by an interdisciplinary management of this disease. © 2005 by Verlag Hans Huber. ER  - 
Feasibility and efficacy of combination therapy with preoperative and postoperative chemoradiation, extended pancreatectomy, and postoperative liver perfusion chemotherapy for locally advanced cancers of the pancreatic head$$$ Background: The outcome after resection of advanced pancreatic cancers is extremely poor because of the high incidence of the postoperative development of liver metastasis and local recurrence. We performed a combination of chemoradiation and liver perfusion chemotherapy and extended pancreatectomy. Methods: Nineteen patients with T3 pancreatic head cancers were enrolled. A total of 24 Gy in 12 fractions of 10-MV x-rays with a concurrent intravenous infusion of 5-fluorouracil (5-FU; 3 g/12 days) was administered to the pancreatic head area. An extended pancreaticoduodenectomy was performed, and catheters were placed into the gastroduodenal artery and the superior mesenteric vein. During the first 28 postoperative days, 5-FU was continuously infused via the hepatic artery and portal vein (3.5 g/28 days × 2). Finally, 36 Gy in 18 fractions with 5-FU (3 g/6 days) was applied to the pancreatic bed. Results: After preoperative chemoradiation, four patients did not undergo surgical resection because of distant metastases. Fifteen patients underwent pancreaticoduodenectomy, liver perfusion chemotherapy, and postoperative chemoradiation. No patient developed grade 3 toxicity as a result of preoperative chemoradiation, but one patient (7%) developed grade 3 leukopenia during the postoperative treatments. The morbidity rate was 20% (3 of 15 patients), and the mortality rate was 0%. The overall 3-year survival rate was 53%. The 3-year disease-free survival rate was 66% in patients who pathologically responded well (>50%), versus 0% in patients with poor responses (P = .04). Conclusions: A combination of preoperative and postoperative chemoradiation plus postoperative liver perfusion chemotherapy with an extended pancreatectomy is feasible, and the long-term outcomes are also promising. © 2005 The Society of Surgical Oncology, Inc. ER  - 
Current management of locally advanced pancreatic cancer$$$ Almost 30% of patients with pancreatic cancer present with large, locally advanced tumors in the absence of distant metastases. Because surgical resection is frequently contraindicated by vascular invasion, locally advanced pancreatic cancer has a dismal prognosis with a 6-10-month median survival. Recent advances in the multimodality treatment of other gastrointestinal malignancies have not altered the management of patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer, a clinical dilemma reflected by the number of nonrandomized trials and anecdotal reports addressing this difficult disease. Our review summarizes the current status of aggressive surgical resection and neoadjuvant chemoradiation for locally advanced pancreatic cancer and suggests a treatment algorithm for patients with this disease based upon published clinical evidence. © 2005 Nature Publishing Group. ER  - 
Radical gastrectomy and lymphadenectomy: Historic overview, surgical trends, and lessons from the past$$$ The history of gastric cancer surgery has taught us many lessons. The trend toward a more radical philosophy in the surgical treatment of gastric cancer emerged mainly around World War II in the United States. The limitation imposed by radical resections was attributed mostly to increased postoperative morbidity and mortality rates with marginal survival outcomes. The implementation of standardized surgical quality control measures by the Japanese created a standard surgical approach with defined nodal stations and a common nomenclature. The limitations imposed by retrospective data and the failure of two recent prospective trials have influenced Western surgeons' reluctance to pursue further investigation in the surgical merits of D2 lymphadenectomy in the presence of improved adjuvant chemo-radiation therapy regimens and now enhanced interest in the development of neoadjuvant protocols. These factors have changed the attitude of practicing surgeons to adopt a more cautionary and conservative approach in oncologic management of gastric cancer. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Radiation therapy and upper gastrointestinal tract: Esophageal, gastric, and pancreatic cancer. Toward new standards?$$$ Purpose of review: To emphasize the role and place of chemoradiation in the treatment of patients with upper gastrointestinal tract cancer. Recent findings: For esophagus cancer, in resectable stages HA to HB, squamous cell types, surgery remains standard treatment, and preoperative chemoradiation is investigational. After the results of two randomized trials conducted in France and Germany, however, chemoradiation alone is challenging surgery. In adenocarcinomas, preoperative chemoradiation is under investigation. In both types, new studies incorporating targeted therapies to chemoradiation are starting. For gastric cancer, chemoradiation after operation is standard of care in the United States but is still discussed in Europe. Preoperative chemoradiation is in current development, and future trials will compare preoperative strategies and strategies after operation. For pancreatic cancer, after a curative resection, chemoradiation in the United States and chemotherapy in Europe are standard of care, respectively. An ongoing European trial is comparing these two strategies after operation. Summary: Recommendations are issued from the analysis of recently published clinical trials. New areas of development are discussed. © 2005 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Is there a role for chemoradiation in the management of cystadenocarcinoma of the pancreas?$$$ Despite a paucity of data, cystadenocarcinoma of the pancreas has been considered to be resistant to chemoradiation, with a limited effect similar to that of the more common pancreatic adenocarcinoma. We describe a case of a partially excised cystadenocarcinoma with a positive surgical margin that was treated by neoadjuvant chemoradiation. No epithelial elements were found on histologic examination after reresection. Three previous cases of dramatic response of pancreatic cystadenocarcinoma to chemoradiation have been described in the literature. The current dogma alleging poor response of pancreatic cystadenocarcinoma to chemoradiation may be in error. Copyright © 2005 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
ERT following IORT improves survival of patients with resectable pancreatic cancer$$$ Background/Aims: The clinical course of patients with pancreatic carcinoma remains dismal despite the recent advances of diagnostic and therapeutic procedures. One of the main causes is residual carcinoma cells, especially at the retroperitoneal aspect after pancreatectomy. Radiation therapy (RT) [intraoperative radiation therapy (IORT) and external radiation therapy (ERT)] is a therapeutic strategy to conquer the remaining cancer cells. Methodology: Effects of RT were retrospectively examined in 81 patients with pancreatectomy for pancreatic cancer together with early and late complications. Results: Preoperative clinical data were not different between the RT(+) and RT(-) groups excluding peripheral lymphocyte counts. Postoperative early complications equally occurred including pancreatic fistula. Regarding late complications (>2 months after operation), stomal ulcer, vertebral fracture, pseudoaneurysm, intraabdominal hemorrhage, and liver abscess were present only in patients with RT. Glucose intolerance tended to be more frequent in the RT (+) group, i.e. 12 (63%) of the 19 with RT examined and 14 (42%) of the 33 without RT examined. Follow-up imaging showed recurrence in 27 (71%) of the 38 patients without RT and 13 (52%) of the 25 patients with RT. The sites of the recurrence were not different by the presence or absence of RT. One-year, 3-year and 5-year cumulative survival rates were similar between the RT (-) group (100%, 39%, 21%, respectively) and IORT (+) alone group (100%, 29% and 17%, respectively). The rates in the IORT (+) and ERT (+) group were 100%, 54% and 28%, respectively, which tended to be better than those in the other two groups, but the differences were not statistically significant. Conclusions: These findings suggest that only the combination of IORT and ERT somewhat improves the short-term clinical course of patients with resectable pancreatic cancer, although there are some RT-related late complications. It is recommended that ERT be added to IORT after pancreatectomy for pancreatic cancer to improve the clinical course, once IORT has been performed. © H.G.E. Update Medical Publishing S.A. ER  - 
Gastrointestinal cancer: Recent developments in medical oncology$$$ Background: Progress in the medical oncological treatment of gastrointestinal cancer has resulted from advances in tumour biology as well as randomised clinical trials. This review updates oncologists on developments in perioperative therapy for gastrointestinal tumours, optimal use of chemotherapy for colorectal cancer, and novel targeted monoclonal antibodies (mAbs). Methods: The recent literature, including published abstracts, was reviewed with respect to current and developing treatments for gastrointestinal cancers. Emphasis was given to randomised clinical trials published within the last 5 years. Results: Randomised evidence exists to support the use of pre-operative chemotherapy in patients with resectable oesophageal cancer and pre-operative chemo-radiotherapy for rectal cancer. There is preliminary randomised evidence to support the use of perioperative chemotherapy for gastric cancer. Adjuvant therapy for pancreatic cancer has been shown to improve survival. Improved disease-free survival for colorectal cancer patients treated with either adjuvant capecitabine or oxaliplatin has been demonstrated. MAbs targeting epidermal growth factor receptor and vascular endothelial growth factor have been shown to improve outcomes in patients with advanced colorectal cancer. Conclusions: Multidisciplinary strategies for patients with localised gastrointestinal cancers; and improved systemic therapies for patients with advanced disease are leading to superior patient outcomes. Further improvements are required, and targeted agents may contribute to future progress. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Effect of steatohepatitis associated with irinotecan or oxaliplatin pretreatment on resectability of hepatic colorectal metastases$$$ BACKGROUND: The objective was to evaluate the effect of preoperative administration of newer chemotherapeutic agents (irinotecan and oxaliplatin) on development of steatohepatitis, which could limit surgical options. Thirty-seven patients were referred for resection of hepatic colorectal metastases. STUDY DESIGN: Thirteen patients received no neoadjuvant therapy (NO CHEMO group); 10 received neoadjuvant 5-fluorouracil only (5-FU group), and 14 received neoadjuvant irinotecan (n = 12), or oxaliplatin, or both (n = 4), in conjunction with 5-FU (IRI-OXALI group). Specimens were graded for the presence of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) according to established criteria. Specimens were also evaluated by a nine-criteria liver injury score (LIS). RESULTS: Mean biopsy scores were: NO CHEMO: NASH, 1.2, LIS, 5.2; 5-FU only: NASH, 1.1, LIS 5.7; and IRI-OXALI: NASH, 1.9, LIS, 9.4. Biopsy scores were significantly worse for IRI-OXALI compared with NO CHEMO or 5-FU only for NASH score, p = 0.003, and close to significantly worse for LIS score, p = 0.057. A multivariate analysis showed that both being in the IRI-OXALI group and body mass index were independent risk factors for developing this type of steatohepatitis. CONCLUSIONS: Severe steatohepatitis can be associated with preoperative administration of irinotecan or oxaliplatin, especially in the obese. It can affect the ability to perform large liver resections. Consideration should be given to performing resections before commencing these agents and to obtaining preoperative biopsy in those who have received these agents. © 2005 by the American College of Surgeons. ER  - 
Successfully resected advanced gastric carcinoma after combined chemotherapy of TS-1 plus CDDP--a case report$$$ A 66-year-old man complained of epigastralgia and a close examination was done. A type 3 gastric carcinoma was found. The tumor invading the pancreas and swelling lymphnodes around the stomach were confirmed according to abdominal CT. We considered it difficult to resect the tumor completely, and so we used combined chemotherapy of TS-1 plus CDDP. TS-1 was taken at 120 mg/day for 28 days followed by 14 days rest. CDDP was injected at 140 mg on day 8. Because the tumor in the stomach changed to scar and swelling lymphnodes diminished after two courses of therapy, total gastrectomy was done. After operation, combined chemotherapy of LV and 5-FU resulted in no recurrence to date. Although combined chemotherapy of TS-1 plus CDDP is effective for advanced gastric carcinoma, the number of days TS-1 is taken and the duration of the preoperative chemotherapy must be investigated in forthcoming study. ER  - 
Preoperative locoregional re-evaluation by endoscopic ultrasound in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma after neoadjuvant chemoradiation$$$ Introduction - The accuracy of endoscopic ultrasound (EUS) for the diagnosis and staging of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDA) has been confirmed. Chemo-radiotherpay (CRT) induces tumor changes which can limit the accuracy of EUS. The aim of our study was to analyze the efficacy of EUS following neoadjuvant CRT comparing findings with the pathology results. Patients and methods - From November 1996 to October 2003, 45 patients with histologically proven and EUS-staged PDA were treated with neo-adjuvant CRT and radical surgery. All were restaged before surgery using both EUS and computed tomography. Fifteen patients were found to hove developed distant metastases. Thirty patients finally underwent pancreaticoduodenectomy (N = 24) or distal pancreatectomy (N = 6). Results - Following CRT, tumor stage was correctly assessed in 12 patients (40%). The most frequent misinterpretation was overestimation of tumor size (N = 13, 43.3%). Locoregional vascular invasion of veins was suspected by EUS in 13 patients (43.3%) but surgical findings and the histological examination were both negative. Node status was correctly assessed in 27 patients (90%) but nodal involvement was found on the histological specimen in only 3 patients. Conclusion - Preoperative EUS after neoadjuvant CRT for PDA does not enable reliable definitive selection of patients for surgery, probably due to radiation-induced pancreatic changes. © Masson, 2005. ER  - 
Combining EGFR inhibitors with radiation therapy$$$ Promising preclinical data regarding the combination of EGFR inhibitors with radiation therapy have led to a series of new clinical studies. The potential value of this approach was recently validated by an international phase III clinical trial, which showed that the addition of cetuximab (Erbitux™) to radiation therapy in patients with advanced head and neck cancer produced a significant survival advantage versus radiation therapy alone. An expanding cohort of clinical trials that combine EGFR inhibitors (monoclonal antibodies and tyrosine kinase inhibitors) with radiation therapy are under way in other treatment settings and cancer types. In addition to confirming the efficacy and tolerability of such approaches, it will be important to identify those specific patient populations most likely to obtain clinical benefit. This review discusses the preclinical and clinical data obtained to date in this rapidly advancing field of clinical research. © 2005 Adis International Limited. ER  - 
Palliative therapy for pancreatic/biliary cancer$$$ Palliative treatment for unresectable periampullary cancer is directed at three major symptoms: obstructive jaundice, duodenal obstruction, and cancer-related pain. In most cases, the pattern of symptoms at the time of diagnosis in the context of the patient's medical condition and projected survival influence the decision to perform an operative versus a nonoperative palliative procedure. Despite improvements in preoperative imaging and laparoscopic staging of patients with periampullary cancer and hilar cholangiocarcinoma, surgical exploration is the only modality that can definitively rule out resectability and the potential for curative resection in some patients with nonmetastatic cancer. Furthermore, only surgical management achieves successful palliation of obstructive symptoms and cancer-related pain as a single procedure during exploration. To take advantage of the long-term advantages afforded by surgical palliation, operative procedures must be performed with acceptable morbidity. The average postoperative length of hospital stay for patients who undergo surgical palliation is less than 15 days, even in those who develop minor complications. The average survival of patients who receive surgical palliation alone for nonmetastatic, unresectable pancreatic cancer is approximately 8 months. As with all treatment planning, palliative therapy for pancreatic and biliary cancer should be planned using a multidisciplinary approach, including input from the surgeon, gastroenterologist, radiologist, and medical and radiation oncologist. In this way, quality of life can be optimized in most patients with these diseases. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
A case of small cell carcinoma of the common bile duct$$$ Small cell carcinoma occasionally occurs in the gastrointestinal tract, but rarely in the biliary tract. We report a case of small cell carcinoma which occurred in the common bile duct. A 66-year-old female complained of epigastralgia and weight loss. Computed tomography and ultrasonography showed a mass near the pancreas head and dilatation of the intrahepatic bile ducts. Endoscopic nasobiliary drainage was undertaken, and it revealed obstruction of the common bile duct. The patient was diagnosed preoperatively as having extrahepatic bile duct cancer. Upon laparotomy, a tumor was found to be located in the middle common bile duct. Pylorus-preserving pancreaticoduodenectomy was performed. The main trunk of the portal vein and the right hepatic artery were resected concomitantly because of tumor involvement. Postoperative pathological examination revealed well-differentiated papillary adenocarcinoma on the surface of the bile duct lumen, but a large part of the extraductal component was small cell carcinoma. Upon immunohistochemical examination, synaptophysin and chromogranin A were found to be focally positive in small cell carcinoma, but negative for L-26 and CEA. The patient then underwent two postoperative courses of systemic chemotherapy. Nevertheless, she died of cancer recurrence eight months after the operation, which showed that the tumor had a highly lethal nature, with rapid and widespread dissemination. Further therapeutic trials are needed to improve survival in such cases. ER  - 
B7-H4 is highly expressed in ductal and lobular breast cancer$$$ Purpose: This study was designed to investigate the expression of B7-H4 protein, a member of the B7 family that is involved in the regulation of antigen-specific immune responses, in normal breast and in primary and metastatic breast carcinomas. Experimental Design: Archival formalin-fixed tissue blocks from breast cancers and normal somatic tissues were evaluated for B7-H4 expression by immunohistochemistry with manual and automated image analysis. The proportion of B7-H4-positive cells and the intensity of B7-H4 staining were compared with histologic type, grade, stage, hormone receptor status, and HER-2/neu status. Results: B7-H4 was detected in 165 of 173 (95.4%) primary breast cancers and in 240 of 246 (97.6%) metastatic breast cancers. B7-H4 staining intensity was greater in invasive ductal carcinomas [24.61 relative units (RU)] and in invasive lobular carcinomas (15.23 RU) than in normal breast epithelium (4.30 RU, P = 0.0003). Increased staining intensity was associated with negative progesterone receptor status (P = 0.014) and history of neoadjuvant chemotherapy (P = 0.004), and the proportion of B7-H4-positive cells was associated with negative progesterone receptor (P = 0.001) and negative HER-2/neu (P = 0.024) status. However, there was no statistically significant relationship between the proportion of B7-H4-positive cells or staining intensity and grade, stage, or other clinicopathologic variables. Low levels of B7-H4 expression were also detected in epithelial cells of the female genital tract, lung, pancreas, and kidney, but B7-H4 was generally absent in most other normal somatic tissues. Conclusions: The nearly ubiquitous expression of B7-H4 in breast cancer, independent of tumor grade or stage, suggests a critical role for this protein in breast cancer biology. ©2005 American Association for Cancer Research. ER  - 
Significance of histological response to preoperative chemoradiotherapy for pancreatic cancer$$$ Background: Neoadjuvant (preoperative) chemoradiotherapy (CRT) for pancreatic cancer offers theoretical advantages over the standard approach of surgery followed by adjuvant CRT. We hypothesized that histological responses to CRT would be significant prognostic factors in patients undergoing neoadjuvant CRT followed by resection. Methods: Since 1994, 193 patients with biopsy-proven pancreatic adenocarcinoma have completed neoadjuvant CRT, and 70 patients have undergone resection. Specimens were retrospectively examined by an individual pathologist for histological responses (tumor necrosis, tumor fibrosis, and residual tumor load) and immunohistochemical staining for p53 and epidermal growth factor receptor. Factors influencing overall survival were analyzed with the Kaplan-Meier (univariate) and Cox proportional hazards (multivariate) methods. Results: The estimated overall survival (median ± SE) in the entire group of patients undergoing resection was 23 ± 4.2 months, with an estimated 3-year survival of 37% ± 6.6% and a median follow-up of 28 months. Complete histological responses occurred in 6% of patients. Overexpression of p53 was more common in patients with large residual tumor loads. Tumor necrosis was an independent negative prognostic factor, as were positive lymph nodes, a large residual tumor load, and poor tumor differentiation. Conclusions: Histological response to neoadjuvant CRT-as measured by residual tumor load-may be useful as a surrogate marker for treatment efficacy. Characterization of the tumor cells that survive neoadjuvant CRT may help us to identify new or more appropriate targets for systemic therapy. © 2005 The Society of Surgical Oncology, Inc. ER  - 
Endoscopic oncology$$$ Endoscopy plays a critical role in the management of patients with malignancies involving the gastrointestinal tract. Endoscopic ultrasound has provided essential staging information, made more complete by the ability to perform fine needle aspiration of suspicious lymph nodes. Novel endoscopic resection and ablative techniques are expanding therapeutic choices in premalignant and malignant conditions. Obstruction, virtually anywhere along the length of the gastrointestinal tract, can be relieved with new stents. All of these advances have made the therapeutic gastroenterologist a key member of the team managing patients with tumors of the gastrointestinal tract. ER  - 
A case of long-term surviving pancreatic somatostatinoma with multiple liver metastases by effective treatment followed regional resection$$$ We report a case of long-term surviving pancreatic somatostatinoma with multiple liver metastases treated by reduction surgery and repeated transcatheter arterial embolization (TAE). A 40-year-old woman referred for general fatigue and weight loss, and found to have diabetes and a hypervascular pancreatic tumor and multiple liver tumors in imaging such as abdominal angiography was suspected of having endocrine tumor, so studied for hormone levels in the blood. Serum somatostatin was elevated to 56 pg/ml. Distal pancreatectomy with splenectomy was done to debulk the tumor based on a preoperative diagnosis of pancreatic somatostatinoma. TAE was done every 3 to 4 months after the operation. The metastatic liver tumors have not increased in site and no other metastasis has been detected in CT. The woman remains in good physical condition in the over 5 years since suvgery. ER  - 
Obstructive jaundice as a presentation of ganglioneuroblastoma$$$ Obstructive jaundice is a rare symptom in the neuroblastic tumor. Seven cases of obstructive jaundice caused by neuroblastoma have been reported, and only three of these patients had the symptom at the onset of the disease. The authors report a case of ganglioneuroblastoma presenting with obstructive jaundice as a rare initial feature. After the histologic diagnosis with open biopsy, chemotherapy consisting of cisplatin, pirarubicin hydrochloride/ doxorubicin, cyclophosphamide, and vincristine was given. The treatment resulted in reduction in the tumor size and relief of the obstructive jaundice. Complete resection of the tumor was possible after five courses of chemotherapy. ER  - 
Assessment of hepatic reserve for the indication of hepatic resection$$$ The main goal of liver resection in patients with liver tumor is to cure the patients with the lowest operative risk. Based on our experiences, we report herein, indications of liver resection according to the nature of underlying liver parenchyma. In patients with normal underlying liver parenchyma, major resection does not require specific preoperative assessment. Non-tumorous biopsy is indicated in cases of massive steatosis and/or in patients in whom a complex technical procedure is anticipated. Portal vein embolization (PVE) is considered if the future liver remnant (FLR) is <30%. In patients with chronic liver disease, major hepatectomy is a risky situation, requiring specific preoperative assessment, including non-tumorous biopsy and PVE which could be associated with transarterial chemoembolization. Absence of hypertrophy of the FLR after PVE is a contraindication to a major hepatectomy. Intraoperative procedures in patients "at risk" require specific techniques, including intermittent clamping, anterior approach with hanging maneuver, and fixation on anatomical position of the remnant liver. © Springer-Verlag Tokyo 2005. ER  - 
Assessment of hepatic reserve for the indication of hepatic resection: How I do it$$$ This author has personally carried out in excess of 700 major hepatic resections for tumor, and runs a unit with a current resection rate of 200 per year, yet uses no scientific tests designed to judge hepatic reserve. In our unit, we have an advantage in that we deal with a northern European population, with a low rate of viral hepatitis, although alcoholism is becoming an increasing feature within our practice and we are dealing with more elderly patients that in the past, and more who have undergone neoadjuvant chemotherapy. In these patients, there appear to be greater risks of postoperative sepsis and slower regeneration. Approximately 65% of our current resection practice is hemihepatectomy or more and the majority is trisectionectomy (extended hepatectomy) and bilateral resection work. Preoperative, operative, and postoperative factors affect the occurrence of postoperative hepatic failure and these aspects are considered. Case series studies are presented to illustrate the incidence of significant hepatic failure we have encountered. © Springer-Verlag Tokyo 2005. ER  - 
Hemorrhage after duodenopancreatectomy: Impact of neoadjuvant radiochemotherapy and experience with sentinel bleeding$$$ Postoperative hemorrhage (PH) after duodenopancreatectomy (DP) is frequently lethal. The aim of this study was to delineate guidelines of management. Between August 1994 and July 2003, 172 patients underwent DP for cancer. Altogether, 26 patients were subjected to an institutional protocol (IP) with standard-dose chemoradiation (CRT) and 4 patients to an extrainstitutional protocol (EIP) with high-dose CRT. Sixteen patients (9.3%) were reoperated for PH. Hemorrhage occurred in 23% of irradiated patients (4 EIP, 3 IP) and in 6% of nonirradiated patients [confidence interval (CI) 1.8-6.5]. Pancreatic leak occurred in nine patients with PH (56%). Sentinel bleeding (SB) was noted in eight patients (50%) with a mean delay of 10 days after DP. Overall mortality after hemorrhage was 56%. Morality rates of patients with EIP or IP were, respectively, 100% and 0%. Mortality rates of patients with or without SB were similar. Mortality rates of axial bleeding (hepatic artery, mesenteric vessels) or lateral bleeding (pancreas remnant, splenic vessels) were, respectively, 88% and 25% (CI 1.6-8.6). Completion of pancreatectomy was achieved in 75% without rebleeding. Preoperative high-dose CRT increased the risk of fatal PH. Because SB occurs before massive hemorrhage, prompt reoperation could reduce mortality. Completion of pancreatectomy was essential during reintervention. Axial bleeding supports high mortality. Moving to the left, the pancreatojejunostomy could avoid contact of pancreatic juice with axial vessels in the case of pancreatic leakage. Ligating the gastroduodenal artery during DP had to leave a stump of around 1 cm to facilitate hemorrhage control without ligating the common hepatic artery. © 2005 by the Société Internationale de Chirurgie. ER  - 
Curative surgical treatment of inoperable pancreatic cancer after neoadjuvant therapy$$$ In the treatment of pancreatic cancer only curative resection increases the life expectancy. Radical resection is a high risk operation, but it can be performed with low peri-operational mortality in specialist surgical centres. At the time of diagnosis most patients are in stage (TMN of pancreatic cancer UICC 1997) III or IV, thus curative resection cannot be performed. Neo-adjuvant therapy shrinks the tumour in 60-70%, giving new hope for the patients. In this paper authors present two cases of pancreatic cancer resections. Palliative operations were performed in patients with inoperable pancreatic cancer. Later neo-adjuvant chemotherapy was performed--in these cases it meant chemotherapy--and after that a second, this time curative procedure was performed. ER  - 
Laparoscopic surgery for the prevention, palliation, and cure of gastrointestinal malignancies$$$ Laparoscopy is being used effectively for the staging, resecting, palliating, and preventing of gastrointestinal cancers. Continual improvement in surgical instrumentation and technical innovation will increase the applications of laparoscopic surgery in the diagnosis, staging, and treatment of gastrointestinal malignancies. Applications should continue to expand as novel techniques become routine. ER  - 
Using multidetector row computed tomograhy to diagnose and stage pancreatic carcinoma: The problems and the possibilities$$$ The sensitivity of computed tomography (CT) in the diagnosis of pancreatic neoplasms and accurate tumor staging has significantly been improved by the use of thin-section multi-detector row CT techniques. Gruater table speed, improved tube cooling, high resolution imaging and the possibility of isotropic voxels have led to optimal multiplanar reconstruction in any arbitrary plane and particularly along the pancreatic duct and peripancreatic vessels, significantly improving the detection of small pancreatic tumors and surgical resectability where imaging modalities have so far yielded disappointing results. Nonetheless, while multi-detector row CT has greatly enhanced the imaging capabilities of CT, early diagnosis is practically impossible to achieve, since the tumor remains asymptomatic until the surrounding structures are involved. Furthermore, even when treated with radical surgery, the incidence of recurrence is high and the prognosis of pancreatic carcinoma still remains extremely poor and has not changed over the past years. In this article, the recent technical developments of multi-detector row CT in diagnosing pancreatic neoplasms and staging are considered, with special emphasis on multi-detector row CT angiography techniques and curved planar reformations. Some remaining challenging problems such as the pre-operative identification and characterization of small hepatic lesions and detection of omental and peritoneal metastasis, the diagnosis of small isoattenuating pancreatic adenocarcinomas and promising strategies to differentiate between pancreatic adenocarcinoma and chronic inflammatory changes are also presented. ER  - 
Postoperative chemoradiotherapy of pancreatic cancer: What is the appropriate target volume of radiation therapy?$$$ Aims and background: To evaluate the influence of radiation therapy target volume on the treatment outcome of adjuvant chemoradiotherapy for pancreatic cancer after curative resection. Methods: Between February 1987 and July 2001, 70 patients treated with curative resection and adjuvant chemoradiotherapy for pancreatic adenocarcinoma were analyzed. There were 49 males and 21 females, with a median age of 57 years. Whipple's operation was performed in 44 patients, pylorus-preserving pancreaticoduodenectomy in 14, distal pancreatectomy in 9, and subtotal pancreatectomy in 3. Postoperative adjuvant radiotherapy was given up to 40 Gy at 2 Gy per fraction with a two-week planned rest. Intravenous 5-fluorouracil (500 mg/m2/day) was given on days 1 to 3 of each split course of radiotherapy. Until 1991, whole pancreas or preoperative tumor volume and retroperitoneal lymph nodes were irradiated (extended field, n = 14). Thereafter, the target volume included the retroperitoneal lymph nodes and the involved pancreatic resection margin (limited field, n = 56). The median follow-up period of all the patients was 16 months (range, 2-99). Results: The overall 2- and 5-year survival rate of all patients was 29.7% and 14.0%, respectively. According to the radiotherapy target volume, the median survival time was 14 months in the extended field group and 16 months in the limited field group (P = 0.65). Conclusions: From the viewpoint of the target volume of radiotherapy, a limited field did not worsen the treatment outcome, although the survival rate was poor in both groups. ER  - 
Wilms' tumor: Single-center experience with renal surgery$$$ Objective: To analyze the perioperative complications of renal surgery in a sample of patients with Wilms' tumor (WT), especially with regard to the effects of preoperative chemotherapy. Material and Methods: The case histories of 34 patients (mean age 4 years) who underwent renal surgery for suspicion of WT between 1989 and 2002 were retrospectively analyzed with special regard to intra- or postoperative complications. In total, 32 patients had undergone a radical nephrectomy and two had undergone organ-sparing renal surgery because of bilateral involvement. The median maximal tumor diameter was 9.6 cm. In 10 patients preoperative chemotherapy was completely renounced or had to be stopped early. All other patients were treated according to the protocols of the Société Internationale d'Oncologie Pédiatrique (SIOP)-9 of 93/01 studies. Results: A total of 5/34 patients (14.7%) had perioperative complications. There was one intraoperative tumor rupture in a patient who had undergone an emergency radical nephrectomy before completing preoperative chemotherapy. Furthermore, three patients had to be reoperated on because of small bowel obstruction during the first 12 months after renal surgery. Another patient developed pancreatitis postoperatively due to delayed drainage of pancreatic secretion. These four patients had completed preoperative chemotherapy. All postoperative complications occurred in patients with tumors > 10 cm in diameter or after extended surgery for vascular or extrarenal tumor involvement. Conclusions: The presented incidence of surgical complications associated with the operative treatment of WT is most probably due to the local extent of the primary tumor leading to more extensive surgical intervention. It remains unclear whether the extent of preoperative chemotherapy influences the complication rate. ER  - 
Diagnostic procedures for pancreatic cancer$$$ The objective of staging in persons with pancreatic lesions is to distinguish between cancer and nontumorous lesions of the pancreas. As most patients with pancreatic cancer at the time of diagnosis present in an advanced and unresectable stage, another main target is to identify those patients who can be treated with curative intent. After abdominal ultrasound, which is usually the first diagnostic step, multidetector CT is regarded as the standard imaging procedure in diagnosing pancreatic cancer at present because it is more readily available than endoscopic ultrasonography (EUS) and therefore more frequently used. In potentially resectable patients EUS should be used as a valuable preoperative adjunct to multidetector CT. When high-end devices are more commonly available, MRI will increase in importance as an alternative to MD CT. In pancreatic tumors considered to be unresectable, malignancy should be confirmed histologically before treatment with chemotherapy. ER  - 
Multimodal curative/neoadjuvant therapy for pancreatic cancer$$$ In spite of the high mortality in pancreatic cancer, significant progress is being made. This review discusses curative multimodality therapy for patients with pancreatic cancer. Surgical therapy currently offers the only potential monomodal cure for pancreatic adenocarcinoma. However, only a few patients present with tumors that are amenable to resection, end even after resection of localized cancers, long-term survival is poor. The addition of chemoradiation therapy significantly increases median survival. To achieve long-term success in treating this disease, it is therefore increasingly important to identify effective neoadjuvant/adjuvant multimodality therapies. ER  - 
Chemoradiotherapy for pancreatic cancer: Current status and perspectives$$$ The poor prognosis of pancreatic cancer is due to both its metastasis-prone and locally resistant nature. To improve therapeutic outcome, a multimodality approach is necessary. Chemoradiotherapy has been regarded as one of the standard treatment options, particularly for locally advanced pancreatic cancer. A number of clinical studies have been undertaken to establish the use of chemoradiotherapy, with or without surgical resection. This review systematically summarizes the current status, controversies, and prospects of postoperative, definitive, and preoperative chemoradiotherapy for pancreatic cancer. ER  - 
Phase II trial of weekly irinotecan/cisplatin in advanced esophageal cancer.$$$ Esophageal cancer is a rare but highly virulent malignancy in the United States, and adenocarcinoma of the esophagus has had the most rapid rate of increase of any solid tumor malignancy. Systemic metastatic disease is present in 50% of patients at diagnosis. In the remaining 50% presenting with local regional disease, systemic metastatic disease will develop in the vast majority of these patients. The limited efficacy and toxicity of conventional fluorouracil (5-FU)/cisplatin-based chemotherapy has prompted the evaluation of newer agents. Irinotecan (Camptosar) has shown promising single-agent activity in a number of gastrointestinal cancers, including colorectal, pancreatic, and esophagogastric cancer. The phase II evaluation of the combination of weekly irinotecan and cisplatin has shown encouraging response rates exceeding 30% to 50% in esophageal and gastric cancer. Hematologic toxicity using a schedule of 4 consecutive weeks of therapy followed by 2 weeks of rest prompted interest in a multicenter trial evaluation of a change in therapy delivery to 2 weeks on and 1 week off. Cisplatin at 30 mg/m2 was administered with irinotecan at 65 mg/m2, days 1 and 8, on an every-21-day schedule. Thirty-nine patients were entered on study, with 36 evaluable for toxicity and 31 evaluable for response. Grade 3/4 neutropenia was observed in only 22% of patients, reduced from 49% in a prior phase II trial employing 4 consecutive weeks of therapy. Confirmed major responses were observed in 36% of patients (10 of 28). A change to a day 1, day 8 schedule of weekly irinotecan and cisplatin appears to reduce hematologic toxicity but maintain antitumor activity in patients with esophageal and gastroesophageal junction cancer. A randomized phase II trial in gastric and esophageal cancer comparing weekly irinotecan and cisplatin to epirubicin, cisplatin, and 5-FU, and to infusional 5-FU in combination with irinotecan, will be conducted by the Cancer and Leukemia Group B (CALGB). A phase II trial combining this schedule of weekly cisplatin and irinotecan and concurrent radiotherapy given as preoperative therapy will also be conducted by the CALGB as a pilot trial. ER  - 
Diagnosis of non-functioning neuro-endocrine gastro-enteropancreatic tumours$$$ Non-functioning neuro-endocrine gastro-enteropancreatic tumours are neoplasms of neuro-endocrine differentiation without symptoms of hormonal hypersecretion. In pancreatic tumours, symptoms are related to an expanding tumour mass, while most midgut tumours are small and symptoms of intermittent intestinal entrapment are due to mesenteric fibrosis. Positive somatostatin receptor imaging indicates the neuro-endocrine differentiation of the tumour. The high spatial resolution of MRI/CT improves preoperative planning. In localized pancreatic tumours, curative resection of the primary improves survival. In midgut tumours, resection of the primary should be performed, irrespective of the presence of liver metastases. Palliative surgery and cytoreductive therapy of liver metastases may prolong survival in both, pancreatic and midgut tumours. Combination chemotherapy is effective in pancreatic disease, while in midgut tumours the response rate is only 22%. As the antiproliferative effect of biotherapy is still uncertain, it cannot yet be recommended as a routine treatment in non-functioning neuro-endocrine gastro-enteropancreatic tumours. Copyright © 2004 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Interventional treatment of the carcinoid syndrome$$$ Liver metastases imply a major problem in patients with carcinoid tumours and hormone overproduction. Patients with distant metastases can undergo resection for potential cure or for symptom palliation. In patients with bilobar liver metastases other interventions are at hand, e.g. local ablation or hepatic arterial embolization. In selected cases liver transplantation can be a treatment alternative. Prior to all interventions patients with midgut carcinoids are protected with somatostatin analogues to reduce hormone secretion. Patients with foregut carcinoids may present special problems with life-threatening release of histamine during interventions. Copyright © 2004 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
A case of pancreatic body and tail cancer with peritoneal dissemination followed up for 5 years without recurrence$$$ We report a case of pancreatic body and tail cancer with peritoneal dissemination followed up for 5 years without recurrence after resection of the organ of origin and peritoneal dissemination with continuous hyperthermic peritoneal perfusion (CHPP). A 60-year-old man found in abdominal CT to have an irregular low-density tumor about 4 cm long at the pancreatic body and tail was further found in abdominal angiography to have an irregularity of the splenic artery wall and a splenic vein obstruction. Preoperative cytology of the abdominal cavity was class II. Under a diagnosis of pancreatic body and tail cancer, surgery was done. Operative findings showed a tumor about 4 cm long at the pancreatic body and tail and 2 peritoneal rice-grain-sized disseminations on the mesenterium of the transverse colon. After distal pancreatectomy and splenectomy with D1 lymph node dissection and partial resection of the transverse colon mesenterium, CHPP with 300 mg of CDDP, 30 mg of MMC, and 300 mg of VP-16 was administered. Pathologically, this case was pT4, pN0, pM1 (PER), and pStage IVb. After 6 postoperative cycles of arterial chemotherapy with 50 mg of CDDP and 100 mg of VP-16, the man has been followed up for 5 years without evidence of recurrence. ER  - 
PET imaging in assessing gastrointestinal tumors$$$ PET is highly effective at detecting distant nodal involvement and organ metastases in primary cancers of the esophagus. It is equally effective in squamous cell carcinomas and in adenocarcinomas. Its sensitivity is low for assessing the local extent and proximal nodal status, but this can be achieved using EUS-fine-needle aspiration. The combination of both techniques is recommended for all patients potentially eligible for surgery. Such strategy is likely to be cost-effective. Some data indicate that PET performed after or during neoadjuvant treatment could predict survival. The real impact on the patient's management is not completely elucidated, however, and these treatments have yet to prove their value on the overall and disease-free survival rates. ER  - 
Sequential and/or concurrent hypofractionated radiotherapy and concurrent chemotherapy in neoadjuvant treatment of advanced adenocarcinoma of the pancreas. Outcome and patterns of failure$$$ Background/Aims: To investigate treatment outcome and patterns of failure of sequential chemotherapy (CHT) and/or concurrent hypofractionated radiotherapy (RT) and CHT followed by surgery in locally advanced non-metastatic pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Methodology: Seven patients with locally advanced but marginal resectable tumors (close contact but no signs of infiltration of the mesenteric vessels and/or vena portae) were treated with hypofractionated RT (5×3 Gy per week) and concurrent continuous infusion (300mg/sqm/24h, 7 days per week) of 5-fluorouracil (FU). Ten patients with locally advanced disease with radiologically suspected infiltration of the mesenteric vessels and/or v. portae were treated with 2 cycles of Cisplatin (75mg/sqm) and Gemcitabine (2×1250mg/sqm), and patients without tumor progression received the same concurrent RT/CHT as group 1. Four weeks after RT/CHT radical pancreatectomy was planned for patients with stable disease or remission. Results: Toxicity was low in both groups, with no CTC grade 4 toxicity. In group 1, RT/CHT was completed in all patients. There was no radiological remission, but stable disease in 5 out of 7 patients. All 5 patients underwent resection of the primary tumor with a RO-resection in 3 patients. In group 2, 8 patients completed CHT and RT/CHT treatment as planned. There were 3 with partial remission. Operation was done in 4 patients, but only one RO resection was achieved. The median survival time for all 17 patients is 13 months, with 1- and 2-year survival being 53% and 18%, respectively. Local progression was observed in 9, peritoneal seeding in 7 and distant metastasis (mostly liver and lung) in 8 patients. Conclusions: The neoadjuvant therapy could be administered with low toxicity. Results of this study warrant further investigation aiming at optimal tailoring in of this treatment approach in these two subgroups of patients. ER  - 
A randomized multicenter trial comparing resection and radiochemotherapy for resectable locally invasive pancreatic cancer$$$ Background Though the outcome of resection for locally invasive pancreatic cancer is still poor, it has gradually improved in Japan, and the 5-year survival is now about 10%. However, the advantage of resection over radiochemotherapy has not yet been confirmed by a randomized trial. We conducted this study to compare surgical resection alone versus radiochemotherapy without resection for locally invasive pancreatic cancer using a multicenter randomized design. Methods Patients with pancreatic cancer who met our preoperative criteria for inclusion (pancreatic cancer invading the pancreatic capsule without involvement of the superior mesenteric artery or the common hepatic artery, or without distant metastasis) underwent laparotomy. Patients with operative findings consistent with our criteria were randomized into a radical resection group and a radiochemotherapy group (200 mg/m2/day of intravenous 5-fluorouracil and 5040 cGy of radiotherapy) without resection. The 2 groups were compared for mean survival, hazard ratio, 1-year survival, quality of life scores, and hematologic and blood chemical data. Results Twenty patients were assigned to the resection group and 22 to the radiochemotherapy group. There was 1 operative death. The surgical resection group had better results than the radiochemotherapy group as measured by 1-year survival (62% vs 32 %, P=.05), mean survival time (>17 vs 11 months, P < .03), and hazard ratio (0.46, P=.04). There were no differences in the quality of life score or laboratory data apart from increased diarrhea after surgical resection. Conclusions Locally invasive pancreatic cancer without distant metastases and major arterial invasion appears to be best treated by surgical resection. ER  - 
Pancreatic cancer. Management$$$ Pancreatic cancer still represents a serious medical concern for which no adequate solution has thus far been found. Surgery is the only appropriate therapy, but has a survival rate of around 30-35% at three years, with an operative mortality below 3% and an operative morbidity approaching 10% of radically resected patients, all of which applies to surgery performed by expert teams in highly experienced sites. Copyright © 2004 Arán Ediciones, S. L. ER  - 
Chemoradiation for pancreatic adenocarcinoma$$$ Surgery remains the cornerstone treatment for pancreatic adenocarcinoma. However, 5% to 20% of tumors only are regarded as resectable, and, among them, only few benefit from an histological complete resection, major survival parameter. These data explain the overall poor prognosis of this disease, with a respectively 20% and 5% 1- and 5-year survival rates. These results justify an adjuvant or neoadjuvant therapeutic approach, mainly based on concurrent chemoradiation, with and without surgery. This paper reviews the different therapeutic approaches of non metastatic pancreatic adenocarcinoma. ER  - 
Role of F18-FDG PET for monitoring of radiochemotherapy - Estimation of detectable number of tumour cells$$$ Background: FDG-PET has been proven to be useful for the diagnosis of pancreatic cancer. However, no quantitative data exist concerning its sensitivity for treatment monitoring or early diagnosis. Case Report: We report on a 61-year-old patient with locally advanced cancer of the pancreas head who received sequential radiochemotherapy including gemcitabine and 5-FU/FA. Under this regimen, MR and CT showed a partial remission with a residual mass which seemed to allow surgical treatment for this patient. A pre-operative FDG-PET-Scan displayed a count rate close to the detection limit of vital residual tumour. An R0 resection was performed successfully. However, histopathology revealed residual tumour at the core of the resected mass that had gone undetected by all imaging modalities. Conclusion: The number of vital tumour cells within this specimen was estimated to be 106-10 7. The detection threshold for FDG-PET in pancreatic carcinoma appears to be within this range. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy for adenocarcinoma of the pancreas: Analysis of histopathology and outcome$$$ To examine the histopathologic effect of neoadjuvant therapy and its impact on survival in patients with carcinoma of the pancreas, we retrospectively reviewed the records of 116 patients who underwent resections for pancreatic cancer from 1987 to 2000. Median follow-up of surviving patients was 19 mo (range 4-150 mo). Preoperative chemotherapy was administered in 61 patients (53%) and consisted of 5-fluorouracil/mitomycin C in 35 patients and gemcitabine in 26 patients, given concurrently with external beam radiation (5040 cGy). All resections were performed with curative intent (98 Whipples, 11 total, 6 distal, and 1 central pancreatectomy). Histopathologic examination included an estimation of the amount of fibrosis present in the tumor specimen (expressed as the percentage of fibrosis identified relative to the amount of neoplastic cells present). The mean fibrosis level for the series was 56% (range 5% to 100%). The administration of neoadjuvant therapy resulted in greater fibrosis (73%) than no preoperative treatment (38%) (p = 0.0001). Higher mean fibrosis levels were observed in patients with negative lymph nodes (p = 0.0006) and negative margins (p = 0.05). Factors associated with improved survival (log rank test) included: negative margins (p = 0.001), negative lymph nodes (p = 0.03), and use of neoadjuvant therapy (p = 0.03). Median survival in the neoadjuvant group was 23 mo vs 16 mo without preoperative therapy (p = 0.03). In conclusion, the use of neoadjuvant therapy resulted in a greater degree of fibrosis in the specimen. Patients with negative margins and negative lymph nodes had a greater amount of fibrosis present, and these were significant predictors of improved outcome. Although retrospective, this series suggests an improvement in survival in patients treated with neoadjuvant therapy. ER  - 
Adjuvant therapy for pancreatic cancer: An evolving paradigm$$$ Pancreatic cancer is the fourth leading cause of death in men and fifth in women in the United States. The median survival is 8 to 12 months for patients with locally advanced and unresectable disease and only 3 to 6 months for those with metastatic disease at presentation. Surgical resection offers the only potentially curative treatment. However, only 15% to 20% of patients present with tumors amenable to resection at initial diagnosis. Even for those who undergo resection, the prognosis remains poor. The 5-year survival following pancreaticoduodenectomy is only about 25% to 30% for node-negative tumors and 10% for node-positive tumors. Because of the dismal outcome for patients with resectable pancreatic cancer, adjuvant therapy has been administered in an attempt to improve the local control and overall survival. This review highlights historic and current perspectives of adjuvant therapy in resected pancreatic cancer. ER  - 
Combined modality adjuvant therapy for resected periampullary pancreatic and nonpancreatic adenocarcinoma: A review of studies and experience at the Johns Hopkins Hospital, 1991-2003$$$ The period from 1991 to 2003 at Johns Hopkins Hospital was seminal in the development and maturation of the pancreatic cancer program. As part of this process a clinical team consisting of surgeons, medical oncologists, pathologists, radiation oncologists, and research nurses was formed. This group developed a series of postoperative adjuvant studies involving chemotherapy and radiotherapy. These studies have demonstrated that increasingly intense multiagent chemotherapy can be combined with radiotherapy in this domain with acceptable toxicity. The authors' efforts with standard therapy in the early 1990s convinced them of the definite but limited value of single-agent 5-FU and irradiation. Preliminary results with more intense 5-FU and mitomycin C-based regimens have been studied; final analysis is pending. Secondarily the authors have become impressed with the need to integrate consideration of known prognostic factors carefully in the design of trials and in the analysis of their outcomes. Finally, the authors remain convinced that radiotherapy has an integral role in the adjuvant therapy of periampullary adenocarcinoma in spite of recent controversy on this point. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant therapy for resectable pancreatic cancer$$$ The length and quality of life of patients with localized pancreatic cancer will be maximized by accurate preoperative assessment of resectability, a standardized technique of tumor resection, and the routine use of protocol-based adjuvant or neoadjuvant therapy. Pancreaticoduodenectomy should always be performed as part of a multimodality approach involving chemotherapy or chemoradiation. Continued efforts to enroll patients with localized and advanced pancreatic cancer into well-designed clinical trials should remain a high priority for oncologists across all disciplines. At present, preoperative therapy remains investigational but has a sound clinical basis and remains a reasonable alternative to upfront surgery, particularly in patients with marked elevation in serum levels of CA19-9 or suspicious but unproven extrapancreatic disease. Although molecular therapies are beginning to change the standard of care in other solid tumors, their potential has yet to be realized for patients with resectable pancreatic cancer. No matter what promise these treatments hold, future clinical trials for resectable pancreatic cancer will lead to progress only if the principles of multidisciplinary cancer care and quality assurance are incorporated into their design and conduct. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant therapy for pancreatic cancer: The Duke experience$$$ The advantages of neoadjuvant (preoperative) chemoradiation therapy for pancreatic cancer include the assurance that all resected patients receive multimodality therapy; the opportunity for patients with occult metastatic disease to manifest themselves; and the potential to improve resectability. Since 1994, Duke University Medical Center has treated over 180 patients with localized pancreatic cancer using neoadjuvant 5-fluorouracil(5FU)-based chemoradiation therapy (CRT). Approximately 20% of patients demonstrate distant disease progression during CRT and avoid the morbidity of laparotomy. Almost 20% of locally advanced tumors on initial-staging CT can be resected following CRT. Patients who have successfully undergone resection have experienced favorable survival with an estimated 5-year survival rate of 36%. This article reviews the authors' experience and the lessons learned from it. ER  - 
Preoperative chemoradiation therapy for adenocarcinoma of the pancreas: The Fox Chase Cancer Center experience, 1986-2003$$$ Adenocarcinoma of the pancreas continues to have an extremely poor prognosis. At present, surgical resection remains the only instrument for cure. Despite attempts at curative resection, time to recurrence is often brief, with recurrence presenting as both local and distant failure. The addition of postoperative chemoradiation therapy has offered a marginal benefit; therefore other strategies for the treatment of this disease have been aggressively pursued. Initially, the delivery of chemoradiation in the preoperative setting was a strategy theoretically thought to provide an improved resection rate with less toxicity, resulting in superior outcomes including improved recurrence-free and overall survival. After more than a decade of experience, the authors have not substantiated these theoretical advantages. Neither disease-free nor overall survival has been shown to be superior with the delivery of chemoradiation in the preoperative period. Although they had more advanced disease, most patients receiving preoperative therapy and subsequently undergoing potentially curative resection had median disease-free and overall survivals equivalent to those of patients receiving no preoperative therapy. This result suggests a potential superiority of chemoradiation given in the preoperative setting. In addition, a greater number of patients are able to receive a full course of chemoradiation therapy in a more timely fashion, and the effect of this therapy can be more accurately characterized. In addition, it has been shown that patient selection is improved by increasing the latency period before resection for the manifestation of metastatic disease. Improved patient selection minimizes unnecessary surgery. The treatment of pancreatic cancer remains elusive. Current strategies for the treatment of this disease are suboptimal despite persistent efforts to improve outcomes. The benefits of chemoradiation therapy delivered in the preoperative period may potentially provide patients with superior outcomes, although phase III trials have not been performed. The discovery of more effective agents and improved delivery strategies, in addition to a concerted effort by the medical and scientific'community to promote multi-institutional controlled, prospective trials, may render this modality superior to the authors' current treatment regimens. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant induction chemotherapy followed by chemoradiation: A phase I trial of gemcitabine, cisplatin, and 5-fluorouracil for advanced pancreatic/gastrointestinal malignancies$$$ The authors developed a strategy that includes a novel approach of induction full-dose chemotherapy followed by traditional chemoradiation as a neoadjuvant therapy for pancreatic cancer. Here they report the results of a phase I/II trial of gemcitabine, cisplatin, and 5-FU for patients with advanced gastrointestinal malignancies. ER  - 
The evolution of adjuvant and neoadjuvant chemotherapy and radiation for advanced pancreatic cancer: From 5-fluorouracil to GTX$$$ This article reviews the relevant literature and reports on The Columbia University Medical Center experience with chemoradiation for pancreatic cancer. ER  - 
Assessment of pathologic response after preoperative chemoradiotherapy and surgery in pancreatic adenocarcinoma$$$ Purpose The benefits provided by preoperative chemoradiotherapy (CRT) in pancreatic ductular adenocarcinoma (PDA) are still controversial. However, in most reports from referral centers, improvement in local control and survival appears to be provided in selected patients. The aim of this retrospective study was to analyze the radiation-induced pathologic effects of preoperative CRT in patients with resectable PDA and determine the precise long-term outcome of the responding patients. Methods and materials Between November 1996 and October 2003, 61 patients underwent preoperative CRT for resectable PDA. The tumor location was the pancreatic head in 49 patients and pancreatic body in 12 patients. Of the 61 patients, 21 (34.5%) did not undergo surgery because of disease progression and 40 (65.5%) underwent pancreatic resection, including pancreaticoduodenectomy in 32 (80%) and distal pancreatectomy in 8 (20%). Results A major pathologic response was noted in 9 patients, including three complete responses, and was found only in patients with tumor of the pancreatic head. The local control rate was similar in patients with and without a major pathologic response. Survival in patients with a major response was significantly greater than in those without a response or with a minor response. Conclusion Major tumor downstaging can be provided by preoperative CRT in patients with resectable cephalic PDA. Survival appears to be significantly improved in selected patients. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Phase I-II trial of twice-weekly gemcitabine and concomitant irradiation in patients undergoing pancreaticoduodenectomy with extended lymphadenectomy for locally advanced pancreatic cancer$$$ Purpose Define the maximum tolerated dose (MTD), tolerability, and efficacy of gemcitabine given concomitantly with radiotherapy in patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer. Methods and materials Patients were required to have locally advanced T1-T3 resectable pancreatic cancer. Gemcitabine, given twice weekly before irradiation as a 30-min infusion, was tested at 3 dose levels: 20, 50, and 100 mg/m2. The radiation dose was 50.4 Gy (ICRU) in 28 fractions. The targeted irradiation volume included the tumor, edema, and a 1-cm margin. Results Twenty-eight of 34 patients was eligible for analysis of the treatment. The median age was 67 years (range 38-82). Six patients had T1, 9 had T2, and 19 had T3 diseases (AJCC). Dose-limiting toxicities were Grade 4, fatigue and nausea; Grade 3, thrombocytopenia, diarrhea, and infection. The MTD established was at the 50-mg/m2 gemcitabine dose. A total of 21 of 28 patients underwent surgery: 18 had pancreaticoduodenectomy, 2 had total pancreatectomy, and 1 for palliative surgery. At the time of analysis, 13 of 28 (46%) were disease-free. The estimated median survival was 25 months and overall survival rate at 2 years (Kaplan-Meier) was 55%. Conclusion Gemcitabine 50 mg/m2 given twice weekly with concomitant irradiation induces acceptable and manageable toxicity and might prolong survival. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Preoperative detection of liver metastases secondary to pancreatic cancer: Utility of combined helical computed tomography during arterial portography with biphasic computed tomography-assisted hepatic arteriography$$$ Objective: This study was designed to define the diagnostic advantage of computed tomography during arterial portography combined with computed tomography-assisted hepatic arteriography (CTAP + CTHA) for preoperative detection of liver metastases secondary to pancreatic cancer compared with that of multidetector computed tomography (MDCT). Methods: From January 2002 to February 2003, we retrospectively studied 19 consecutive patients with pancreatic cancer. MDCT was performed on all patients prior to preoperative visceral angiography. Fourteen patients underwent CTAP + CTHA at the time of preoperative angiography. Results: Liver metastases were identified in 3 patients by means of MDCT. Of 14 patients who underwent CTAP + CTHA, 8 patients (57.1%) were diagnosed as having liver metastases, which could not be detected by MDCT. These tumors missed by MDCT ranged from 5 to 15 mm in size. On CTAP + CTHA, a single nodule in the liver was detected in 2 patients, 2 nodules in 2 patients, 3 lesions in 1 patient, and ≥4 lesions in 3 patients. The sensitivity and specificity of CTAP + CTHA versus MDCT were 75.0% versus 23.1% and 66.7% versus 100%, respectively. Conclusions: In conclusion, the combination of CTAP and CTHA is useful to confirm liver metastases before operation for resectable pancreatic cancer because it has higher sensitivity to detect of liver metastases compared with MDCT. ER  - 
Advances in the genetic screening, work-up, and treatment of pancreatic cancer$$$ Familiarity with the updated results in genetic screening and work-up presented here is essential to early diagnosis and possible cure. In the metastatic setting, we most frequently begin with the GTX regimen, consisting of Gemcitabine, Taxotere, and Xeloda. The regimen is based on our laboratory data demonstrating a synergistic increase in cell killing of pancreatic cancer cell lines. The combination takes advantage of the selective cell cycle effects of each of the three drugs. In our initial experience, we have seen a response rate of 40% at metastatic sites and 31% at the primary site after nine cycles of GTX. We are now conducting a formal phase II protocol to confirm these results. The median survival of this group of patients (at least 10.4 months) is as long as, or longer than other currently used regimens. In those patients who do not tolerate GTX or progress despite the regimen, we have found that a regimen of the same three drugs, administered on a different schedule, can produce responses. In the neoadjuvant (unresectable) setting, we treat with GTX initially and then follow with radiation; gemcitabine is used as a radiosensitizer during this treatment. An aggressive surgical approach with a team of surgeons were able to resect for cure 12 of the 16 patients who were initially unresectable; one year survival of these 12 was 100%; 2 year survival was 50%. Future work in this disease should focus on targeted agents such as bevacizumab. Copyright © 2004 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Surgical resection for pancreatic cancer combined with preoperative carbon-ion beam irradiation$$$ Prognosis of pancreatic cancer is still remarkably poor, even if complete resection was performed by enlarged abscission. On the other hand, carbon-ion beam therapy is giving good results in some selected carcinoma such as small cell lung cancer, prostate cancer, uterus cancer, and soft tissue/bone tumor. In this report, we discuss four patients with pancreatic cancer treated by surgical pancreatectomy combined with preoperative carbon-ion beam irradiation. All patients were irradiated with 48 GyE carbon-iron beam by HIMAC (Heavy Ion Medical Accelerator in Chiba) to the pancreatic area including lymph nodes and nerve plexus. Severe cholangitis, as the postoperative complication, had occurred in one of the patients. However, there was no complication or disorder caused by carbon-iron radiation. All four patients are alive now, but two of them developed tumor recurrence, one with hepatic metastasis and the other with peritoneal dissemination. Surgical treatment for pancreatic cancer combined with preoperative carbon-ion irradiation is expected as a promising cure, but it is necessary to examine more cases in the future to evaluate the clinical outcome of this treatment. ER  - 
Effect of chemoradiotherapy with gemcitabine and cisplatin on locoregional control in patients with primary inoperable pancreatic cancer$$$ Gemcitabine sensitizes tumor cells to radiation and cisplatin and thereby enhances the cytotoxic effect of gemcitabine. Here we report the efficacy and toxicity of concurrent chemoradiation with gemcitabine and cisplatin in the treatment of patients with locally advanced, unresectable pancreatic cancer. A total of 47 patients (29 men, 18 women; median age 61 years) with histologically proven advanced pancreatic carcinoma were included in the study. They underwent chemotherapy with gemcitabine 300 mg/m2 and cisplatin 30 mg/m 2 on days 1, 8, 22, and 29; concurrent radiation (45-50 Gy) was applied to the tumor and regional lymph nodes (1.8-2.0 Gy/fraction 5 days per week). Subsequent to chemoradiotherapy, treatment was continued with more two cycles of gemcitabine (1000 mg/m2) and cisplatin (50 mg/m 2) applied on days 1 and 15 of a 4-week cycle. After completion of chemoradiotherapy, 9 patients (19.1%) achieved a complete response and 23 patients (48.9%) a partial response, for an overall response rate of 68%. The lesions were considered resectable in 27 patients, and 25 of the 27 patients underwent laparotomy. The other 20 patients underwent a definitive pancreatic resection. Altogether, 13 patients had negative surgical margins. With a median follow-up of 25.7 months (range 12.7-38.7 months) after completion of chemoradiation, distant metastasis had occurred in 23 patients and local recurrence in only 4 of 44 patients (8.5%). the median progression-free survival was 7.8 months (range 6.2-9.4 months). The median survival amounted to 10.7 months (range 8.4-13.0 months) for all patients, whereas it was prolonged to 24.2 months (range 6.8-41.7 months) for those undergoing R0 resection. The main toxicities associated with chemoradiation included grade 3/4 leukopenia (68% of patients) and thrombocytopenia (61%). Episodes of cholangitis were observed in 11 patients. We concluded that gemcitabine and cisplatin can safely be combined with external beam radiation. This preoperative treatment approach is highly effective and appears to improve survival in patients whose tumors are rendered completely resectable. ER  - 
Pancreatic liver metastases after curative resection combined with intraoperative radiation for pancreatic cancer$$$ Background/Aims: A high proportion of patients even after curative resection for pancreatic cancer suffer from hepatic metastases. The aim of this study was to identify clinicopathological predictors of liver metastases after surgery, retrospectively. Methodology: Forty-one patients underwent extended radical pancreatectomy combined with intraoperative radiotherapy, which is one of the best local control methods for ductal cell carcinoma of the pancreas. Of the 41 patients, twenty-one patients regarded as being in a cancer free state after this combined therapy were studied to analyze clinicopathological predictors of hepatic metastases. Odds ratios and their 95% confidence intervals were calculated from data using logistic regression analysis. Statistical difference was considered significant at p<0.05. Results: Liver metastases after curative resection occurred in 11 patients. Preoperative biliary drainage, jaundice, elevated preoperative serum tumor-associated carbohydrate antigens levels, microscopic distal bile duct invasion, duodenal wall invasion, extrapancreatic nerve plexuses invasion were factors influencing postoperative liver metastases. Conclusions: We found clinicopathological predictors of postoperative liver metastases. Patients with these factors require consideration in careful follow-up and perioperative adjuvant therapy for prevention of postoperative liver metastases. ER  - 
Pancreatic neoplasms$$$ Purpose of review: This review includes a summary of articles that have affected the study and treatment of pancreatic neoplasms over the past year. Recent findings: Over the past year, there have been several reports of new animal models of pancreatic cancer that recapitulate the human disease and hold promise for preclinical studies. The hope of proteomic and DNA technologies for detecting pancreatic cancer and new genes involved in the biology of this disease are described. New studies examining neoadjuvant and adjuvant treatment of pancreatic cancer show some promise. The surgical treatment and palliation of pancreatic cancer continues to advance. Experiences of the treatment of intraductal pancreatic mucinous neoplasms shed some light on the management of this entity. Two large series of cystic neoplasms point to the evolving management of these often asymptomatic lesions. Summary: The treatment of pancreatic neoplasm continues to change and improve as more is learned about these diseases. A renewed clinical and scientific focus on this organ will certainly shape the management of pancreatic neoplasm and holds the promise of improved outcomes. © 2004 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
Adjuvant chemotherapy for unresectable locally advanced pancreatic cancer in light of its characteristics$$$ The use of neoadjuvant chemotherapy for pancreatic cancer has been advocated for its potential ability to optimize patient selection for surgical resection and to downstage locally advanced tumors, especially for patients with Stage IV b (Japan criteria). We report our experience with a six-drug chemotherapeutic regimen that resulted in sufficient downstaging of the tumor in some patients to justify surgical resection. From Jan. 2001 through December 2003, 6 patients received 5-FU as a continuous infusion (200 mg/m2/day), calcium leucovorin weekly by intravenous bolus injection (30 mg/m2), mitomycin-C every 6 weeks (10 mg/m2 intravenously), and dipyridamole daily orally (75 mg), according to the UCLA regimen and gemcitabine weekly (600 mg/m2) and heparin as a continuous infusion (0-3,000 U/day) for locally advanced unresected pancreatic cancer. All of these patients were evaluable for response and survival. There were 5 partial responses (83% response rate) and 1 no response. Four of 5 responding patients had sufficient tumor regression to meet clinical criteria for resectability, three of whom underwent a curative resection. All patients who underwent downstage operation were still alive for the follow-up period (4-23 months). ER  - 
Clinical overview: Adjuvant therapy of gastrointestinal cancer$$$ Adjuvant therapy has been tested widely in the treatment of cancers of the stomach, pancreas, and large bowel. In the USA, the use of postoperative chemoradiation in stomach cancer is considered a standard of care after the publication of the Intergroup Study 0116 in September 2001. This study demonstrated significant benefit in overall and disease-free survival for patients receiving postoperative treatment with fluorouracil (5-FU)/leucovorin chemotherapy and radiation after gastric resection. Adjuvant chemotherapy is not considered to be of significant benefit, and such therapy for patients with resected gastric cancer is investigational. There is interest in the use of neoadjuvant chemotherapy strategies as preoperative treatment followed by surgical resection. This approach has been tested in a randomized study of over 500 patients carried out by the Medical Research Council in the UK. This study demonstrated that patients receiving preoperative and postoperative epirubicin, cisplatin, 5-FU (ECF) chemotherapy, had a downstaging of tumor size, an increase in rates of curative resection, and an increase in disease-free but not overall survival. With pancreatic cancer, there is a controversy over postoperative chemoradiation after pancreatic resection. A recently completed Intergroup Study compared gemcitabine to 5-FU chemotherapy given before and after radiation in resected pancreatic cancer. Over 500 patients have been accrued to this study, which recently closed. In Western Europe, the results of a large clinical trial (ESPAC) have suggested that chemoradiation is not beneficial in patients with resected pancreatic cancer. In large bowel cancer, 5-FU-based adjuvant chemotherapy regimens are superior to surgery alone, particularly in node-positive patients. The use of newer combinations including 5-FU/leucovorin plus irinotecan and 5-FU/ leucovorin plus oxaliplatin are also of interest as chemotherapy in resected colon cancer patients. The recent publication of the MOSAIC trial demonstrated that 5-FU/leucovorin/oxaliplatin (FOLFOX 4) improves progression-free survival in node-positive patients over 5-FU/leucovorin alone. The results of studies of 5-FU/ leucovorin and irinotecan both in Europe (PETACC) and the USA (IFL vs 5-FU/leucovorin) are awaited with interest. Another area of interest in resected colon cancer is the use of molecular genetic monitoring to assess the likelihood of patient relapse. The data over the past several years have demonstrated that patients whose tumors do not have deletion of the deleted in colon cancer (DCC) gene on chromosome 18 have an improved outcome. Recent data are available with tumors that demonstrate microsatellite instability (MSI). Such tumors represent about 15% of all colon cancers and have an improved outcome when compared to those not expressing MSI, and may not benefit from adjuvant chemotherapy. © Springer-Verlag 2004. ER  - 
Spleen-preserving distal pancreatectomy following neoadjuvant chemotherapy for papillary solid and cystic neoplasm of pancreas$$$ Papillary solid and cystic neoplasm (PSCN) is a rare neoplasm of the pancreas with low-grade malignant potential and favorable prognosis. We report an 18-year-old girl with PSCN presenting with advanced disease. The tumor regressed with six cycles of gemcitabine and cisplantin-based neoadjuvant chemotherapy; spleen-preserving distal pancreatectomy was then done. She is disease-free at 13 months' follow-up. ER  - 
Adjuvant therapy in pancreatic cancer: Phase I trial of radiation dose escalation with concurrent full-dose gemcitabine$$$ Purpose To determine the maximal tolerated dose of radiation delivered to the primary tumor bed, in combination with full-dose gemcitabine (1000 mg/m 2 weekly × 3), after resection of pancreatic cancer. Methods and materials Patients with resected pancreatic carcinoma and poor prognostic features, a positive resection margin, or involved lymph nodes were eligible. Radiotherapy (RT) was directed at the preoperative tumor volume with a conformal technique. Regional lymph node basins were not included. The initial starting radiation dose was 24 Gy in 1.6-Gy fractions. Escalation was achieved by increasing the fraction size in 0.2-Gy increments, keeping the duration of RT to 3 weeks. Gemcitabine was given i.v. for 30-40 min at a dose of 1000 mg/m 2 before RT on Days 1, 8, and 15 of a 28-day cycle. After completion of RT and chemotherapy, an additional cycle of gemcitabine was delivered. Results Between November 1997 and October 2001, 32 patients were entered: 30 after Whipple resection (positive margins in 2, positive nodes in 22, and both in 6), 1 after distal pancreatectomy, and 1 after incomplete resection of a tumor involving the body (both patients with positive margins and nodes). Treatment was well tolerated. Of the 32 patients, 27 completed all protocol therapy and 29 maintained their pretreatment weight within 5%. Five patients experienced dose-limiting toxicity, four with Grade 3 vomiting requiring hospitalization and one fatal toxicity secondary to pneumonia/sepsis. At the final radiation dose level (42 Gy), 2 patients experienced GI dose-limiting toxicity. At the 39-Gy-dose level, 5 of 6 patients were without dose-limiting toxicity. Isolated local or regional progression was documented in 1 patient. Distant progression was documented in 26 of 32 patients (6 with concurrent local or regional progression). The median survival was 16.5 months (95% confidence interval 12.3-19.9) Conclusion The results of our study indicate that the maximal tolerated radiation dose, administered using conformal techniques targeted to the tumor bed, is 39 Gy. In this high-risk population, data on locoregional control suggest that the reduction in radiation dose and field size minimizes toxicity and does not result in excess failures at these sites. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant chemoradiation with Tegafur in cancer of the pancreas: Initial analysis of clinical tolerance and outcome$$$ The early institutional experience in the neoadjuvant treatment of potentially resectable pancreatic carcinoma using oral Tegafur as radioenhancing agent is analyzed. Fifteen patients (10 male and 5 female, mean age of 61 years) were treated over a 30-month period. Tegafur dose was 1,200 mg/d along the external radiotherapy period (45-55 consecutive days). Preoperative radiotherapy achieved a total dose of 45 to 50 Gy (1.8 Gy/d). Intraoperative electron boost (10-15 Gy) was delivered at the time of surgery. Hematologic tolerance showed a significant decrease of neutrophil and platelet counts from the outset to the end of the neoadjuvant period (p = 0.001 and p = 0.004, respectively). Five grade III vomiting episodes (33%) were also registered. In 9 patients (60%), surgical resection was performed after chemoradiation. Three complete pathologic responses (pT0 specimens) were identified; in seven cases, the resection achieved tumor-free surgical margins of the specimen. With a median follow-up of 21 months, median survival time was 17 months, with actuarial rates of 45% at 1 year and 24% at 3 years. Median survival for the resected patients was 23 months, and for the unresected patients median survival was 8 months (p = 0.02). The overall median survival in completely resected patients was 28 months, with a 71% survival rate at 1 and 3 years. It is concluded that the treatment scheme described is feasible and acceptably tolerated. The use of oral Tegafur seems to induce results similar to those of other therapeutic protocols using intravenous radioenhancing chemotherapy. ER  - 
A case of gastric GIST treated preoperatively by imatinib mesylate$$$ Gastrointestinal stromal tumor (GIST), the most common mesenchymal tumor of the human gastrointestinal tract, is thought to originate from the interstitial cells of Cajal. The mutation of c-kit, cording KIT, is essential in the development of GIST. Imatinib mesylate (IM), an agent for chronic myeloid leukemia, was reported to inhibit tyrosine kinase activity of KIT and to be highly effective for GIST. We report, here, a case of huge gastric GIST who underwent neoadjuvant therapy followed by surgical resection. The patient was a 62-year-old man with GIST in cardia (KIT+, CD34+, mitotic rate 5/50 HPF), whose chief complaint was general fatigue. Because the huge tumor, 7.5 cm in size, directly invaded the pancreas, total gastrectomy with distal pancreatosplenectomy was necessary for curative resection. IM was administered (400 mg/body/day) as a neoadjuvant treatment for down-staging of the tumor. Leucopenia (grade 2) and diarrhea (grade 1) were observed as the adverse effects of IM. Partial response was obtained. He underwent proximal gastrectomy without pancreatosplenectomy since CT no longer showed direct invasion to the pancreas. Histological examination of the resected specimen revealed the extensive degeneration of the tumor, in which tumor cells containing condensed nuclei had decreased remarkably. Interestingly, mitotic rate decreased to 0/50 HPF in the effective area of the resected specimen, indicating that recurrent risk might be decreased. A part of the viable tumor cells, however, had the same feature to that in the biopsied specimen before treatment. The results suggest that the heterogeneity of GIST induces different sensitivity to IM. The postoperative course was uneventful and no sign of recurrence was observed 3 months after surgery. Neoadjuvant therapy with IM may become a useful strategy for GIST, as it reduces the tumor size and decreases the recurrence rate. ER  - 
Surgical procedure and prognosis of hilar cholangiocarcinoma$$$ Background: Hilar cholangiocarcinoma has a low radical resection rate and a poor long-term survival rate. In recent years, its prognosis has been improved with advancement of preoperative diagnostic techniques and surgical techniques. The aim of this study was to evaluate the prognostic factors of hilar cholangiocarcinoma and the relations of surgical procedure to the prognosis of the carcinoma. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was done in 198 patients with hilar cholangiocarcinoma (117 men and 81 women, aged from 27 to 81 years), who had been admitted to this hospital from December 1997 to December 2002. Their symptoms were jaundice (94.5%), pruritus (56.6%) and abdominal pain (33.8%). Bismuth-Corlette classification showed type I in 14 patients, type II in 19, type IIIa in 12, type IIIb in 15, type IV in 112, and unclassifiable type in 26. 144 patients underwent laparotomy and others received bile drainage endoscopically (including endoscopic retrograde biliary drainage (ERBD) or endoscopic metal biliary endoprosthesis (EMBE) in 21 patients, endoscopic nose-biliary drainage (ENBD) in 31 or percutaneous transhepatic cholangiodrainage in 2. 120 patients (83.3%) received tumor resection including radical resection in 59 patients (41.0%). Twenty-three patients underwent paunched biliary exploration and drainage. Results: Cox's regression model analysis showed that occupation, preoperative total serum bilirubin level, operative procedure and postoperative adjuvant radiation were significantly related to postoperative survival rate in contrast to gender, age, choledocholithiasis, hepatitis, preoperative serum CA19-9 level, Bismuth-Corlette type, histopathologic grading and postoperative chemotherapy. The survival of patients in groups of biliary drainage, palliative resection and radical resection differed statistically and prolonged in a descending order. No statistical difference was found between ERBD or EMBE group and palliative resection group. So was between ERBD or EMBE group and biliary drainage group, or between ENBD group and biliary drainage group. The survival differed statistically between ERBD or EMBE group and ENBD group. Conclusions: Operative procedure is the most important prognostic factor affecting the operative results of hilar cholangiocarcinoma. Radical resection is still the primary measure for a cure and long-term survival of the patients. For patients with irresectable hilar cholangiocarcinoma, no evidence has shown that the prognosis after treatment of ERBD or EMBE is poorer than that after laparotomy. © 2004, Hepatobiliary Pancreat Dis Int. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Pancreaticoduodenectomy: A 20-year experience in 516 patients$$$ Hypothesis: Pancreaticoduodenectomy (PD) is a safe procedure for a variety of periampullary conditions. Design: Retrospective review of a prospectively collected database. Setting: Academic tertiary care hospital. Patients: A total of 516 consecutive patients who underwent PD. Main Outcome Measures: Patient outcomes and survival factors. Results: Pathological examination demonstrated 57% periampullary cancers, 22% chronic pancreatitis, 12% cystic neoplasms, 4% islet cell neoplasms, and 5% other. Fifty-one percent of patients underwent pylorus preservation. Median operating time was 5 hours; blood loss, 1300 mL; and transfusion requirement, 1.5 U. Postoperative complications occurred in 43% of patients, including cardiopulmonary events (15%), fistula (9%), delayed gastric emptying (7%), and sepsis (6%). Additional surgery was required in 3% of patients, most commonly because of bleeding. Perioperative mortality was 3.9% overall but only 1.8% in patients with chronic pancreatitis; 25% of patients who died had preoperative complications associated with their periampullary condition. Three-year survival was 15% after resection for pancreatic cancer, 42% for duodenal cancer, 53% for ampullary cancer, and 62% for bile duct cancer. Univariate predictors of long-term survival in patients with periampullary adenocarcinoma included elevated glucose levels, liver function test results, abnormal tumor markers, blood loss, transfusion requirement, type of operation, and pathologic findings (periampullary adenocarcinoma type, differentiation, and margin and node status). Multivariate predictors were serum total bilirubin level, blood loss, operation type, diagnosis, and lymph node status. Conclusions: Pancreaticoduodenectomy continues to be associated with considerable morbidity. With careful patient selection, PD can be performed safely. Long-term survival in patients with periampullary adenocarcinoma can be predicted by preoperative laboratory values, intraoperative factors, and pathologic findings. ER  - 
Palliative therapy for pancreatic/biliary cancer$$$ Palliative treatment for unresectable periampullary cancer is directed at three major symptoms: obstructive jaundice, duodenal obstruction, and cancer-related pain. In most cases, the pattern of symptoms at the time of diagnosis in the context of the patient's medical condition and projected survival influence the decision to perform an operative versus a nonoperative palliative procedure. Despite improvements in preoperative imaging and laparoscopic staging of patients with periampullary cancer and hilar cholangiocarcinoma, surgical exploration is the only modality that can definitively rule out resectability and the potential for curative resection in some patients with nonmetastatic cancer. Furthermore, only surgical management achieves successful palliation of obstructive symptoms and cancer-related pain as a single procedure during exploration. To take advantage of the long-term advantages afforded by surgical palliation, operative procedures must be performed with acceptable morbidity. The average postoperative length of hospital stay for patients who undergo surgical palliation is less than 15 days, even in those who develop minor complications. The average survival of patients who receive surgical palliation alone for nonmetastatic, unresectable pancreatic cancer is approximately 8 months. As with all treatment planning, palliative therapy for pancreatic and biliary cancer should be planned using a multidisciplinary approach, including input from the surgeon, gastroenterologist, radiologist, and medical and radiation oncologist. In this way, quality of life can be optimized in most patients with these diseases. ER  - 
Ovarian metastasis from gastrointestinal tract cancer: A review$$$ Approximately seven percent of clinically apparent ovarian malignancies are neoplasms metastatic to the ovary. These metastases are most commonly derived from the reproductive tract, gastrointestinal tract or breast. Accurate identification of metastatic ovarian neoplasms is important because the prognosis and treatment of metastatic neoplasms varies substantially from primary ovarian malignancies. Most women with primary or metastatic ovarian malignancies exhibit presenting symptoms, although they are often identified in retrospect. Although there is much overlap in symptomatology, women with secondary ovarian malignancies tend to present with abdominal pain, whereas women with primary ovarian neoplasia tend to present with bloating and increasing abdominal girth. Because gastrointestinal cancers are part of cancer family syndromes such as HNPCC and Lynch 2, patients with an extensive family history of colorectal, endometrial, breast, ovarian, pancreatic or gastric cancers should be referred for genetic counseling and testing where appropriate. Physical examination findings rarely accurately identify the primary site because metastases to the ovary tend to be larger than the primary tumor. All patients who have not had recent colorectal screening should have a rectal examination and stool guaiac test performed during the preoperative evaluation. Computed tomography and pelvic ultrasound are insensitive at diagnosis of GI tract malignancies. Because liver metastases are infrequently seen in primary ovarian malignancies, gastrointestinal carcinomas should be included in the differential diagnosis when liver metastases are identified. At laparotomy, metastases to the ovary are typically bilateral, with a smooth external surface, often with multiple nodules within the ovaries. Frozen section is usually accurate, but less so in neoplasms of mucinous and endometrioid histology. The surgeon should aim to provide a complete resection if this is feasible without undue morbidity. If residual disease must be left in place, careful documentation of the sites and volume remaining are helpful for future consultation regarding investigational treatments. Aggressive cytoreduction including peritonectomy followed by intraoperative hyperthermic intraperitoneal chemotherapy has been advocated for treatment of metastatic GI carcinomas. Although most of the data regarding this modality is retrospective, a randomized controlled trial has shown a survival advantage to this approach compared with conservative surgery and weekly 5-FU chemotherapy, albeit with significant toxicity. New chemotherapeutic agents, such as oxaliplatin, irinotecan and bevacizumab have also improved the response rate and survival compared with 5-FU alone for patients with metastatic GI carcinomas. Hopefully, as new treatments develop, a more optimistic prognosis may be offered to women diagnosed with secondary ovarian neoplasia. ER  - 
When can a drug be considered synergic with radiotherapy?$$$ The combination of radiotherapy with chemotherapy is now considered the standard treatment for a number of tumors. However frequently, within radiotherapy as well as medical oncology, considerable skepticism has been expressed about the real impact of this therapeutic modality, in spite of the improvement in terms of outcome seen in numerous trials concerning head and neck, lung, esophageal cancer and tumors of the anal canal, the uterine cervix and pancreas. Considering the evident clinical advantages achieved in the last 2-3 decades, a close collaboration between basic, preclinical and clinical research is desirable to further optimize the outcomes based on the present radiobiological knowledge. As for the preclinical evaluation different methods should be concomitantly used to analyze the pharmacokinetics and mechanism of action; the method of tumor growth delay should be used especially in neoadjuvant clinical settings; the method of tumor control should be used when chemoradiation is aimed at the local cure of the patient independently of subsequent surgery. ER  - 
Surgical therapy of gastric cancer - Evidence-based standards and perspectives$$$ Surgery remains the standard treatment in biopsy-proven gastric cancer except of well-selected early tumors (T1a, mucosal type) in experienced hands. In these cases endoscopic mucosal resection might be of equal efficacy. However, there is a lack of study data with adequate follow-up. For all other tumors gastrectomy with D2 lymphadenectomy should be favored if it can be performed safely and with limited morbidity. Splenectomy including resection of the pancreatic tail is the main contributor to complications and postoperative mortality. Thus, dissection of lymph nodes along the pancreas and at the splenic hilum should only be performed if they are at risk for metastases. To accomplish this, sentinel node mapping might be the tool for the future, whereas the Maruyama computer program is of statistical help today. New cytostatic drugs still need to prove efficacy in the adjuvant setting and there is no general indication for adjuvant chemotherapy outside of prospective, randomized trials. Even the contribution of postoperative radiochemotherapy (RCT) according to the US protocol INT0116 needs to be thoroughly discussed prior to establishing it as a standard. A prospective randomized study comparing D2 gastrectomy +/- RCT is urgently required. Regarding neoadjuvant treatment concepts, the MAGIC trial has shown superior efficacy of combined modality therapy, and the results of similar trials hopefully will confirm these findings. ER  - 
Complications of pancreaticoduodenectomy after neoadjuvant chemoradiation in patients with and without preoperative biliary drainage$$$ Background. It has been suggested that preoperative biliary drainage increases the risk of infectious complications of pancreaticoduodenectomy. Aims. The aim of this study was to assess complications related to biliary stents/drains and postoperative morbidity in patients undergoing neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy for periampullary cancer. Patients. One hundred and eighty-four patients with periampullary neoplasms were prospectively selected for neoadjuvant external beam radiation therapy and 5-fluorouracil-based chemotherapy between 1995 and 2002. Methods. The data were retrospectively completed and analysed with respect to biliary drainage, efficacy and complications of endoscopic biliary stents and postoperative morbidity. Patients who had undergone a surgical biliary bypass were excluded. Results. Data were completed in 168 patients. One hundred and nineteen patients were treated with endoscopic biliary stents, 18 patients had a percutaneous biliary drain and 31 patients did not require biliary drainage. Hospitalisation for stent-related complications was necessary in 15% of the patients with endoscopic biliary stents. Seventy-two patients underwent pancreaticoduodenectomy. There was no significant difference in the rate of wound infections, intra-abdominal abscesses and overall complications between the groups with and without preoperative biliary drainage. Conclusions. Postoperative infectious complications are common in patients both with and without preoperative biliary drainage. A statistically significant difference in complication rates was not observed between these groups. © 2004 Editrice Gastroenterologica Italiana S.r.l. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Prognostic analysis of patients suffering from distal bile duct cancer$$$ OBJECTIVE: To study prognostic factors after surgical procedure for distal bile duct cancer. METHODS: A retrospective clinical analysis was made in 173 cases of distal bile duct cancer, admitted to our hospital from February 1996 to December 2002. Fourteen clinicopathologic factors that could possibly influence survival were selected. A multivariate analysis of these individuals was performed using the Cox Proportional Hazards Model. RESULTS: There were 99 males and 74 females. The age ranged from 27 to 74 years old with a mean of 55.5. Radical resection was performed on 152 cases with radical resection rate of 87.9%. 29 cases died of liver metastasis with a rate of 46.8% in total death cases. The statistical analysis showed that surgical procedure, lymph node metastasis and pathological differentiation grade affected postoperative survival significantly, but transfusion, invasion of pancreas, postoperative radiotherapy and chemotherapy, ERCP, diameter of tumour, serum level of CA-19-9, preoperative total serum bilirubin level (TBIL), ratio of albumin to globulin (A/G), sex and age are not significant factors influencing postoperative survival. CONCLUSIONS: Radical resection is only curative treatment modality. Aggressive treatment and prevention on postoperative liver metastasis is a important strategy to improve the survival for distal bile duct cancer. ER  - 
A reappraisal of preoperative chemoradiation for localized pancreatic head ductal adenocarcinoma in a 5-year single-institution experience$$$ Resection of localized pancreatic head ductal adenocarcinoma (LPHDA) has a limited impact on survival. Mechanisms of improvement provided by preoperative chemoradiation therapy (CRT) remain under debate. This study analyzes the outcome of patients treated for LPHDA to delineate the benefits of CRT. Among 87 patients with LPHDA, 17 had a pancreaticoduodenectomy alone (group I). Thirty-nine with initially resectable cancers received CRT with 5-fluorouracil-based chemotherapy (group II). Thirty-one with initially unresectable cancers were similarly treated by CRT (group III). Patients in groups II and III were restaged after completion of CRT. In patients with resectable disease, resection was planned. Patients in groups I and II were statistically comparable in terms of age, sex, and pretherapeutic stage. Median survival and 2-year overall survival in group I were 13.7 months and 31%, respectively. In group II, 23 patients (59%) had a pancreaticoduodenectomy (group IIa) and 16 patients (41%) did not have resection (group IIb). Median survival and 2-year overall survival were as follows: group IIa, 26.6 months and 51%; and group IIb, 6.1 months and 0%, respectively. In group IIa, pathologic examination revealed eight major responses (35%) including two sterilized specimens, and none of the patients had locoregional recurrence. In group III, none of the patients had resection, and median survival was 8 months with one 2-year survivor. Patient selection appears to play a major role with regard to results achieved with preoperative CRT followed by pancreaticoduodenectomy. However, a high histologic response rate and excellent local control can also be achieved. © 2004 The Society for Surgery of the Alimentary Tract. ER  - 
MR cholangiopancreatography: Improved ductal distention with intravenous morphine administration$$$ Magnetic resonance (MR) cholangiopancreatography has proved a robust and noninvasive imaging modality for evaluating the biliary and pancreatic ducts without the use of ionizing radiation. Although MR cholangiopancreatography reliably depicts the main extrahepatic and intrahepatic bile ducts, it does not depict the segmental intrahepatic ducts unless they are dilated. The segmental ducts are difficult to visualize with MR cholangiopancreatography because of their small caliber and the limited spatial resolution and signal-to-noise ratio achievable with standard MR pulse sequences. However, visualization of the normal (ie, nondistended) biliary system is necessary for the evaluation of donor candidates for living related liver transplantation. Because of the prevalence of variant biliary anatomy, MR cholangiopancreatography is often used for preoperative evaluation of prospective liver donors. Intravenous morphine administered prior to MR cholangiopancreatography can improve image quality by causing the sphincter of Oddi to contract, which increases pressure in and distention of the biliary and pancreatic ducts. Morphine administration may also be particularly helpful for the evaluation of patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis, malignant neoplasms such as cholangiocarcinoma, or cystic and non-organ-deforming benign pancreatic neoplasms. ©RSNA, 2004. ER  - 
Emerging drugs in pancreatic cancer$$$ Improving survival in patients with pancreatic cancer remains a formidable challenge. For the few patients with localised stages of the disease, intraoperative radiotherapy, adjuvant chemoradiotherapy and neo-adjuvant therapies remain non-validated and the survival benefit conferred by 5-fluorouracil-folinic acid adjuvant chemotherapy over radical surgery alone is still a matter of debate. Gemcitabine has recently emerged as the standard single agent in advanced stages of the disease and pharmacokinetic refinements such as the use of a fixed-dose infusion rate may further improve still rather modest result figures. At present, most efforts deal with the development of more effective doublet or triplet therapies, combining gemcitabine with either conventional cytotoxic drugs - the most promising being oxaliplatin - or more innovative, targeted therapeutic agents. Among these agents, matrix metalloprotease inhibitors and farnesyltransferase inhibitors have already undergone Phase III trials, alone or in combination with gemcitabine, with rather disappointing results. However, preclinical and Phase I and II studies of cyclooxygenase-2 or lipoxygenase inhibitors, various immunotherapeutic approaches and several tyrosine kinase inhibitors or monoclonal antibodies against growth factors or their receptors are encouraging and may provide some hope for patients with pancreatic cancer. ER  - 
Arguments for a selective approach of preoperative portal vein embolization before major hepatic resection$$$ Preoperative PVE can induce hypertrophy of the future liver remnant volume resulting in a decrease of surgical risk after major hepatic resection. However, the number of patients with normal liver at risk is small and there is no arguments for inducing hypertrophy before standard right hepatectomy. Therefore, in patients with normal liver PVE is indicated in patients in whom very extended liver resection or associated major gastro-intestinal surgery is planned. In patients with chronic liver disease and in those with injuried liver (chemotherapy, major steatosis, cholestasis), PVE is indicated before major liver resection. © Springer-Verlag 2004. ER  - 
Preoperative staging and evaluation of resectability in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma$$$ Background. Cancer of the pancreas is a common disease, but the large majority of patients have tumours that are irresectable at the time of diagnosis. Moreover, patients whose tumours are clearly beyond surgical cure are best treated non-operatively, if possible, by relief of billary obstruction and percutaneous biopsy to confirm the diagnosis and then consideration of oncological treatment, notably chemotherapy. These facts underline the importance of a standard protocol for the preoperative determination of operability (is it worth operating?) and resectability (is there a chance that the tumour can be removed?). Recent years have seen the advent of many new techniques, both radiological and endoscopic, for the diagnosis and staging of pancreatic cancer. It would be impracticable in time and cost to submit every patient to every test. This review will evaluate the available techniques and offer a possible algorithm for use in routine clinical practice. Discussion. In deciding whether to operate with a view to resecting a pancreatic cancer, the surgeon must take into account factors related to the patient, the tumour and the institution and team entrusted with the patient's care. Patient-related factors include age, general health, pain and the presence or absence of malnutrition and an acute phase inflammatory response. Tumour-related factors include tumour size and evidence of spread, whether to adjacent organs (notably major blood vessels) or further afield. Hospital-related factors chiefly concern the volume of pancreatic cancer treated and thus the experience of the whole team. Determination of resectability is heavily dependent upon detailed imaging. Nowadays conventional ultrasonography can be supplemented by endoscopic, laparoscopic and intra-operative techniques. Computed tomography (CT) remains the single most useful staging modality, but MRI continues to improve. PET scanning may demonstrate unsuspected metastases and likewise laparoscopy. Diagnostic cholangiography can be performed more easily by MR techniques than by endoscopy, but ERCP is still valuable for preoperative biliary decompression in appropriate patients. The role of angiography has declined. Percutaneous biopsy and peritoneal cytology are not usually required in patients with an apparently resectable tumour. The prognostic value of tumour marker levels and bone marrow biopsy is yet to be established. Preoperative chemotherapy or chemoradiation may have a role in down-staging an irresectable tumour sufficiently to render it resectable. Selective use of diagnostic laparoscopy staging is potentially helpful in determination of resectability. Laparotomy remains the definitive method for determining the resectability of pancreatic cancer, with or without portal vein resection, and should be undertaken in suitable patients without clear-cut evidence of irresectability. © 2004 Taylor & Francis. ER  - 
Current role of portal vein embolization/hepatic artery chemoembolization$$$ This article has reviewed indications, methods, and results of PVE and TACE for hepatobiliary tumors. PVE is applied mainly to increase the safety of major hepatic resection in patients with hilar cholangiocarcinoma, HCC, or metastatic liver tumors. Hepatic arterial embolization causes selective ischemia of the liver tumor and enhances the cytotoxicity of the chemotherapeutic agent administered concomitantly. A survival benefit of TACE in patients with unresectable or recurrent HCC has been demonstrated. The significance of preoperative TACE is still controversial. TACE is routinely performed before PVE in HCC patients. ER  - 
Pancreatic Cancer Registry in Japan: 20 Years of Experience$$$ The prognosis of pancreatic cancer is defined by the histology and extent of disease. Preoperative histologic diagnosis and diagnostic imaging are fundamentals in managing the disease, but it is not rare to find unexpected peritoneal dissemination or liver metastasis at the time of operation. The overall resectability rate of pancreatic cancer is 40% in Japan. Resecting the portal vein and peripancreatic plexus were performed on 40% of the patients who underwent pancreatectomy for invasive cancer in the head of the pancreas. Long-term survival was only found in patients who underwent pancreatectomy. Radical lymph node dissection, or combined resection of the large vessels, did not seem to improve survival further than the standard resection. Multidisciplinary treatments combined with surgery were performed, and various effects of postoperative chemotherapy after pancreatectomy, intraoperative- and postoperative-radiation therapy, or postoperative chemotherapy for unresectable tumor, were shown. Development of unconventional therapies and refinement of the conventional therapy should be promoted on a randomized prospective trial basis. To promote this effort, which requires the international comparisons and cooperation, JPS developed a computerized JPS registration system downloadable from the JPS website (http://www.kojin.or.jp/suizou/index.html). ER  - 
A case of advanced gastric cancer with multiple cerebral infarction during 5-FU/CDDP therapy$$$ A 64-year-old man visited our hospital with a chief complaint of appetite loss and epigastralgia. Upper GI series and an endoscopic examination revealed type 3 carcinoma on the upper third. Abdominal CT scan showed enlargement of the paraaortic lymph nodes that had invaded the pancreas. Preoperative diagnosis was cStage IV gastric cancer, and we considered a curative operation impossible. Therefore, chemotherapy with a combination therapy of 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) and low-dose cisplatin (CDDP) was planned. After 19 days of administration, the patient without vascular risk factors suddenly exhibited diplopia and left-member weakness. Brain CT showed a low-density area at the occipital lobe. Though we diagnosed cerebral infarction and treated with anti-thrombus therapy, he died of multiple cerebral infarction on day 12 of the treatment. ER  - 
Pancreatic cancer$$$ Pancreatic cancer remains a major unsolved health problem, with conventional cancer treatments having little impact on disease course. Almost all patients who have pancreatic cancer develop metastases and die. The main risk factors are smoking, age, and some genetic disorders, although the primary causes are poorly understood. Advances in molecular biology have, however, greatly improved understanding of the pathogenesis of pancreatic cancer. Many patients have mutations of the K-ras oncogene, and various tumour-suppressor genes are also inactivated. Growth factors also play an important part. However, disease prognosis is extremely poor. Around 15-20% of patients have resectable disease, but only around 20% of these survive to 5 years. For locally advanced, unresectable, and metastatic disease, treatment is palliative, although fluorouracil chemoradiation for locally advanced and gemcitabine chemotherapy for metastatic disease can provide palliative benefits. Despite pancreatic cancer's resistance to currently available treatments, new methods are being investigated. Preoperative chemoradiation is being advocated, with seemingly sound reasoning, and a wider role for gemcitabine is being explored. However, new therapeutic strategies based on the molecular biology of pancreatic cancer seem to hold the greatest promise. ER  - 
Systemic treatment of pancreatic cancer$$$ Patients with pancreatic cancer have a poor prognosis although systemic treatment has slightly improved the outcome for those with advanced pancreatic cancer. The approach to a patient with pancreatic cancer remains a great challenge. Patients often present with advanced disease and many are already in poor general condition at the time of diagnosis. Today, surgery remains the only curative therapeutic option. A small number of pancreatic adenocarcinomas, however, are resectable and relapses after surgery are very frequent The reference treatment in patients with metastatic pancreatic cancer is gemcitabine. The median survival of patients with advanced pancreatic cancer who are treated with gemcitabine is ∼6 months and only ∼20% of patients will be alive at 1 year. Combinations of gemcitabine with new cytotoxic agents and with novel targeted agents hold the promise for improving the outcome. Randomized phase III studies are, however, still ongoing. Since most patients will relapse after complete surgical resection of pancreatic cancer, a search for a better adjuvant or neoadjuvant treatment is important. Although several randomized studies have suggested an improved outcome for a postoperative chemoradiotherapy or chemotherapy, the role of an adjuvant treatment remains today controversial. Randomized phase III studies are ongoing. A neoadjuvant strategy might therefore also play a role, but phase III studies are lacking. The systematic evaluation of new drugs in well designed clinical trials and the search for new molecular targets for treatment are crucial in our aim to improve the outcome for patients with pancreatic cancer. © 2004 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. ER  - 
The diagnosis and treatment of insulinoma and gastrinoma$$$ The gastroenteropancreatic endocrine tumor is relatively rare tumor that originate from pancreas, duodenum, and a variety of neuroendocrine cells. The differential diagnosis and preoperative localization of the tumor are important, because surgical resection of the tumor is the first choice of treatment. Of these tumors, insulinomas and gastrinomas are usually small in size (less than 2.0 cm), and methods of preoperative localization such as ultrasonography, computed tomography or magnetic resonance imaging often fail to identify them. These tumors often malignant, and tumors as small as 1 to 2 mm might develop lymph node metastases especially in gastrinomas. Recent studies have shown that selective arterial calcium stimulation test and hepatic venous sampling using intraarterial calcium injection as the insulin secretagogue are useful for detection of small insulinomas, and the selective intraarterial injection of secretin test combined with venous sampling (Imamura technique), for detection of small gastrinomas. In addition, somatostatin-receptor scintigraphy is widely used in Western countries. Moreover, detection of the tumor during operation using ultrasonography delivered much better results than preoperative diagnoses. These tumors may be associated with multiple endocrine neoplasia type 1, and MEN1 gene mutation analysis is necessary in those patients. ER  - 
Motexafin gadolinium: Gadolinium (III) texaphyrin, gadolinium texaphyrin, Gd-tex, GdT2B2, PCI 0120$$$ Motexafin gadolinium [gadolinium (III) texaphyrin, gadolinium texaphyrin, Gd-Tex, GdT2B2, PCI 0120] is a radiosensitising agent developed for use in cancer therapy. It is cytotoxic in haematological malignancies by selectively localising in cancer cells that have high rates of metabolism. Motexafin gadolinium inhibits cellular respiration resulting in the production of reactive oxygen species and inducing apoptosis. It is being developed by Pharmacyclics in the US. Bulk motexafin gadolinium is supplied to Pharmacyclics by the US company, Celanese, through a manufacturing and supply agreement between the two companies. In June 2003, at the 39th Annual Meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO-2003), the importance of having an agent for the treatment of brain metastases from lung cancer was highlighted. Results of a phase III study were presented that showed that motexafin gadolinium treatment was associated with a delay in time to neurological and neurocognitive progression in lung cancer patients. This was an important finding, as 46.6% of lung cancer patients already have brain metastases at the time of initial diagnosis, compared with only 2.7% of breast cancer patients. Brain metastases are also often the only site of metastatic disease in patients with lung cancer. In December 2002, Pharmacyclics began a phase III trial of motexafin gadolinium in patients with brain metastases (brain cancer in phase table) from lung cancer in the US, Europe, Canada and Australia, The trial is known as the Study of neurologic progression with Motexafin gadolinium And Radiation Therapy (SMART) and will compare whole-brain irradiation with whole-brain irradiation plus motexafin gadolinium in 550 patients. The primary efficacy endpoint is time to neurological progression and the secondary endpoints are survival and neurocognitive function. In January 2003, the US FDA completed its Special Protocol Assessment (SPA) of the SMART trial with a positive result and by June 2003, enrolment had begun. In addition, phase I trials are underway in children with intrinsic pontine glioma and adults with head and neck, lung and pancreatic cancers. A phase II trial is also being conducted in the US in patients with glioblastoma multiforme. Enrolment in this trial has been completed and preliminary results have been reported. Pharmacyclics has completed enrolment and follow-up of adults in its pivotal phase III trial of motexafin gadolinium as a radiation sensitiser for the treatment of brain metastases. The trial was conducted at 35 centres in Europe, Canada and the US. Full results from this initial phase III trial were presented at the annual meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) in Orlando, Florida, USA, held in May 2002. Pharmacyclics also announced in October 2002, at the 44th Annual Meeting of the American Society for Therapeutic Radiology and Oncology (ASTRO), that motexafin gadolinium significantly prolonged time to neurological progression when added to whole brain radiation therapy and reduced the number of deaths in patients with brain tumour. Pharmacyclics announced in September 2000 that it has initiated two NCI-sponsored phase I trials conducted under a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement (CRADA) between Pharmacyclics and the NCI. The first trial, conducted in patients with stage IIIA non-small cell lung cancer, was designed to determine the safety of two different dosing regimens of motexafin gadolinium during preoperative radiotherapy after induction chemotherapy. The second study was designed to examine the use of motexafin gadolinium in combination with stereotactic Gamma Knife radiosurgery in patients with primary glioblastoma mutiforme. Two phase I clinical trials have also been conducted for the treatment of newly diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme at the UCLA Jonsson Comprehensive Cancer Center, USA. These phase I studies were sponsored by the NCI and were conducted under a CRADA with the NCI. Pharmacyclics has also completed multicentre US phase II clinical trials of motexafin gadolinium in patients with metastatic tumours of the brain who require whole brain radiotherapy. Motexafin gadolinium is in a phase II trial in patients with lymphomas and multiple myeloma in the US. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant therapy and biliary decompression lower biliary and pancreatic juice vascular endothelial growth factor levels in patients with periampullary adenocarcinoma.$$$ Increased expression of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) by pancreatic cancer correlates with poor survival. The significance of VEGF in biliary and pancreatic secretions in periampullary cancers is unknown. Bile and pancreatic juice samples were collected from patients undergoing pancreaticoduodenectomy (PD). All samples were frozen at -70 degrees C until subsequent analysis for VEGF concentration using enzyme-linked immunoabsorbent assay (ELISA). Plasma VEGF levels in pancreatic cancer patients were <10 pg/mL. The biliary VEGF concentration for patients with malignancy was significantly elevated compared to benign disease (P = 0.05). There was no difference in pancreatic VEGF concentrations between benign and malignant disease. Cancer patients undergoing preoperative chemoradiation (CRT) had lower biliary and pancreatic VEGF concentrations than those who did not. Preoperative biliary drainage (BD) was associated with decreased VEGF concentrations in bile (3500 pg/mL vs 7740 pg/mL, P = 0.027). Patients undergoing both CRT and BD had diminished biliary and pancreatic VEGF concentrations compared to those who had neither. This was statistically significant for pancreatic VEGF concentrations (917 pg/mL vs 4723 pg/mL, P = 0.044). VEGF is highly concentrated in bile and pancreatic juice compared to plasma. Preoperative CRT and BD significantly reduce these levels in patients with periampullary cancers. Antiangiogenic therapy aimed at interrupting the VEGF pathway appears to be a logical target in periampullary cancer. ER  - 
Surgical Management of Early-Stage Pancreatic Cancer$$$ Background: Pancreatic cancer remains a difficult disease to treat. Diagnosis at an early stage may allow curative treatment with resection. In the past, the mortality associated with surgical treatment of pancreatic carcinoma was prohibitive but mortality associated with resection is now commensurate with all other major oncologic resections. Thus, the focus of surgical management has shifted to address several issues: the diagnosis and evaluation of patients with suspected pancreatic cancer, the role of preoperative endobiliary stenting, the role of laparoscopy, the extent of resection, the role of adjuvant and neoadjuvant treatment, and the role of specialized centers in treating the disease. Methods: The current literature is reviewed to address these issues and help guide physicians who first encounter patients with suspected pancreatic cancer as well as surgeons who ultimately resect them. Practical evidence-based information to guide the decision-making process is provided. Results: Surgical morbidity and mortality have achieved parity with other types of major oncologic resection, and a distinct survival advantage is possible when such therapy is applied early in the disease stage. Issues regarding the use of stents, extent of resection, and pre- vs post-operative chemoradiation therapy are becoming clearer as our collective experience broadens. Conclusions: Surgical treatment of pancreatic cancer should the aggressively pursued given the clearly established survival advantage and relief of symptoms achieved when it is applied-appropriately. ER  - 
Chemoradiotherapy in the Treatment of Regional Pancreatic Carcinoma: A Phase II Study$$$ In locally advanced pancreatic cancer, the utilization of chemotherapy and radiotherapy is increasing, although in view of the reported long-term results of several contemporary trials, further improvements are certainly needed. Encouraging results using the combination of cisplatin, cytarabine, caffeine, and continuous infusion (CI) 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) (PACE) for the treatment of advanced pancreatic carcinoma prompted a phase II study using PACE followed by external beam radiotherapy with CI of 5-FU (PACE-RT) for localized disease. Forty-one patients were treated with PACE-RT as adjuvant therapy after surgical resection (21 patients), or as primary therapy for locally advanced, unresectable disease (20 patients), with reevaluation for resection after completion of treatment. PACE consisted of cisplatin 100 mg/m2 IV on day 1, cytarabine 2 g/m2 IV every 12 hours X 2 doses, and caffeine 400 mg/m2 subcutaneously after each cytarabine dose; and days 3 to 21, 5-FU 250 mg/m2/d given by CI. Cycles were repeated every 28 days. After 2 cycles of PACE, radiation therapy was given concurrently with 5-FU at 200 mg/m2/d. In the adjuvant setting, the tumor bed and the draining lymph node basin received 50.4 Gy and 45 Gy, respectively. In the neoadjuvant setting, the primary and regional lymph nodes were to receive 39.6 Gy followed by a neutron boost of 8 NGy to the gross tumor volume. Photon therapy was delivered at 1.8 Gy per fraction and neutron therapy at 0.8 NGy per fraction, 5 days a week. All patients were evaluable for toxicity and survival. The most common toxicity was myelosuppression, with grade III to IV neutropenia occurring in 59% of the patients. The median survival times in the locally advanced and adjuvant patients were 13.4 and 18.1 months, with 1-year survival rates of 52% and 65%, respectively. Nine of 20 patients receiving PACE-RT for unresectable carcinoma had sufficient tumor regression to meet clinical criteria for exploration; three were resected with curative intent. The survival of these three patients undergoing resection after neoadjuvant therapy was 22.4, 24.3 and 40 months. The treatment program was active, but only moderately well tolerated. Modification of this regimen with newer, less toxic drugs may provide better results and reduced toxicity. ER  - 
Review article: Chemotherapy for pancreatic cancer$$$ Pancreatic cancer is a common, highly lethal disease that is rising in incidence. Chemotherapy based on 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) has been shown to prolong survival in advanced pancreatic cancer. Gemcitabine improves major symptoms and survival outcomes compared with bolus 5-FU. Many novel small molecules are being widely and actively researched. These compounds are based on classical mechanisms of action as well as biological therapies targeting novel cellular survival pathways, and include fluoropyrimidines, nucleoside cytidine analogues, platinum analogues, topoisomerase-inhibitors, antimicrotubule agents, proteasome inhibitors, vitamin D analogues, arachidonic acid pathway inhibitors, histone deacytylator inhibitors, farnesyl-transferase inhibitors and epidermal growth factor receptor therapies. Adjuvant chemotherapy has also demonstrated the best survival outcomes following resection compared to other adjuvant or neo-adjuvant strategies such as radiation-based treatments. These benefits are superimposed on the dramatic increase in resectability rates and reduction in post-operative mortality achieved by centralisation of treatment in high-volume speciality centres. Newer 'small-molecule' drugs as well as the latest 'large-molecule' biological agents hold considerable promise for the future. Real advances are anticipated over the next five years but are dependent on large randomised controlled trials for success. ER  - 
Adenocarcinoma of the pancreas: The rationale for neoadjuvant therapy$$$ The survival of patients with pancreatic cancer is dismal: tumor's resection is possible in only 10-20% of patients. This has prompted clinical studies with chemotherapy and/or radiotherapy designed to increase the number of patients eligible for surgery, to maximize local tumor control and to improve the length of survival. Since postoperative chemoradiation is often delayed in these patients due to morbidity and prolonged recovery time associated with surgery, investigators are assessing the efficacy of chemoradiation before pancreatic resection in patients with potentially resectable pancreatic carcinoma or the potential to down-stage locally advanced pancreatic cancer to resectable tumor. The analysis of several clinical trials published so far shows that results are conflicting and not definitive. No randomized clinical studies have been reported. Moreover, neoadjuvant therapy rarely leads to surgical downstaging allowing for potentially curative pancreatic resections. Novel multimodality approaches are required, and patients should be entered on clinical, controlled trials. ER  - 
A Combined Approach of Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy and Surgery for Colorectal Liver Metastases$$$ Hepatic metastases represent one of major clinical problems in patients affected by solid tumours because liver is the first site of metastatic disease after lymph nodes, (1, 2). The most common origins among adults are from colon and rectum cancer followed by pancreas (adenocarcinoma or neuroendocrine), lung and breast (3-7). It is estimated that in 15-20% of patients affected by adenocarcinoma of colon-rectum liver metastases are present at the time of diagnosis (8-11), while in 40% of cases they will develop during the follow-up (10, 11). Liver metastases are the first determinant for survival (1, 3, 12-17), and both hepatic and extrahepatic involvement have a statistical significant impact on it (3, 14, 18-21). Prognosis of patients affected by untreated disease is very poor, being 5 to 14 months with rare 2-year survivors and a 5-year survival rate of 0% (10, 21-24). In half of all patients affected by colorectal cancer and undergoing to a radical surgery, disease will fail in the liver (8, 25-28); among patients dying for colorectal cancer, 60-70% have a liver involvement (9, 29), and in 20-25% liver is the only site of recurrence and death results from liver failure (3, 29-31). In Autoptic studies those rates increased up to 83% and 38% respectively (1, 10, 17, 32). ER  - 
Gastric cancer. Treatment results in 237 patients$$$ Although current achievements of diagnostic and treatment process, including D II-III gastrectomy and neoadjuvant chemotherapy, the results from the treatment of patients with gastric cancer (GC) are still unsatisfactory. Retrospective study was performed analyzing the early and late results from the treatment of 237 pts admitted in the department with GC. 218 of them underwent operative treatment; 131 men and 87 women, aged between 26-88 years. Patients with esophageal cancer were excluded from the study. In 19 pts preoperative laparoscopy and staging of the process lead to refusal of surgery. The distribution according to clinical stage was: I st.--5; II st.--37; III st.--101 and IV st.--75 patients. Greatest importance for the exact preoperative diagnosis and staging of the process had: Fibrogastroscopy + biopsy; Ultrasonography; CT scan and Laparoscopy. Radical surgery was performed in 119 pts (54.58%). Total gastrectomy--59 /27.06%/, subtotal gastrectomy--36 /16.51%/, gastrectomy + splenectomy + pancreatic resection--14 /6.42%/; gastrectomy + hepatic resection--5; gastrectomy + hemicolectomy--2; gastrectomy + resection of c. transversum--3. The preferred method for reconstruction was Roux-en-Y. Palliative resections were performed in 18 pts. Only Gastroenteroanastomosis was performed in 41 pts. Postoperative morbidity was registered in 41 pts /18.8%/. Most common were wound complications--in 21 /9.61%/, cardio-pulmonal--14 /6.42%/, thromoemboly--3 /1.38%/. Early reoperations--13 /5.96%/ performed in 7 pts. Early postoperative mortality--7 /3.21%/, but for the radical operations it was 5.88%. The major risk factors for the postoperative morbidity and mortality were: coexisting diseases, advanced age, pancreatic resection, splenectomy and extended lymphadenectomy. ER  - 
Intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma: Indication for transplantation$$$ Background/Purpose. Cholangiocarcinoma (CCC) is a rare malignant tumor of the biliary system with a poor prognosis that frequently presents in advanced unresectable stages. A discussion of the role of liver transplantation (LTx) for intrahepatic (IH)-CCC will be presented, based on a review of the international literature. Methods. A search of the international literature related to the topic was performed in the established online databases and databanks. Only those reports with patient series larger than ten were included. Results. The largest series of patients with IH-CCC (n = 186) was reported in the Data Analysis Booklet of the European Liver Transplant Registry (ELTR), revealing 1-, 3-, 5-, 8-, and 10-year survival rates of 58%, 38%, 29%, 23%, and 21%. Other single-center series had comparable or even worse outcomes. More recent experience identified a certain highly selected group of patients who could benefit from LTx in an otherwise unresectable state of disease. Several single-center studies found tumor stage or size, lymph node involvement, and positive surgical margins/contiguous organ infiltration to be predictors of outcome. The recently published Mayo Clinic protocol uses preoperative chemoirradiation and staging at laparotomy before proceeding to liver transplantation, resulting in an early experience with 100% 1-year survival. Conclusions. Generally speaking, IH-CCC is not a favorable indication for liver transplantation. However, there is a highly selected group of patients with early tumor stages potentially benefitting from LTx. Combination with neoadjuvant chemoirradiation may further improve results after LTx. Living-donation LTx may open new therapeutic possibilities to treat patients at an early stage of disease. ER  - 
Lower frequency of peritoneal carcinomatosis in patients with pancreatic cancer diagnosed by EUS-guided FNA vs. percutaneous FNA$$$ Background: Studies have suggested an increased risk of peritoneal seeding in patients with pancreatic cancer diagnosed by percutaneous FNA. EUS-FNA is an alternate method of diagnosis. The aim of this study was to compare the frequency of peritoneal carcinomatosis as a treatment failure pattern in patients with pancreatic cancer diagnosed by EUS-FNA vs. percutaneous FNA. Methods: Retrospective review of patients with non-metastatic pancreatic cancer identified 46 patients in whom the diagnosis was made by EUS-FNA and 43 with the diagnosis established by percutaneous FNA. All had neoadjuvant chemoradiation. Patients underwent restaging CT after completion of therapy, followed by attempted surgical resection if there was no evidence of disease progression. Results: There were no significant differences in tumor characteristics between the two study groups. In the EUS-FNA group, one patient had developed peritoneal carcinomatosis compared with 7 in the percutaneous FNA group (2.2% vs. 16.3%; p < 0.025). No patient with a potentially resectable tumor in the EUS-FNA group had developed peritoneal carcinomatosis. Conclusions: Peritoneal carcinomatosis may occur more frequently in patients who undergo percutaneous FNA compared with those who have EUS-FNA for the diagnosis of pancreatic cancer. A concern for peritoneal seeding of pancreatic cancer via percutaneous FNA is warranted. EUS-guided FNA is recommended as the method of choice for diagnosis in patients with potentially resectable pancreatic cancer. ER  - 
Colorectal Cancer Metastases: Surgical Indications and Multimodal Approach$$$ Background/Aims: The therapeutic plan to follow in patients affected by hepatic and pulmonary metastases from colorectal cancer is based on prognostic factors and staging. Methodology: Our experience from January 1980 to January 2002 underlines the effectiveness of combined multimodal therapy in the treatment of advanced metastatic stages. A total of 224 patients with metastases from colorectal cancer have been treated. Among these patients 160 underwent surgery (4 pulmonary and 156 hepatic resections), 17 have been reoperated for metastatic relapse, 14 with multiple metastases underwent locoregional therapy, while 33, deemed not resectable initially, have been treated with neoadjuvant chemo- and radiotherapy. Results: For the operated patient group the 5-year actuarial survival was 22% with an operative morbidity of 17.5% and mortality of 3.8%. The 17 patients reoperated for metastatic relapse had a 5-year actuarial survival of 21% with an operative morbidity of 11.6% and mortality of 5.8%. The 14 patients treated with locoregional therapy had a median survival of 6 months whereas the 33 patients treated with combined multimodal treatment in two different periods had a response rate of 57.57%. Five patients had a complete response and 4 are presently alive: 3 are disease free and 1 with disease. 1 died of pulmonary primitive neoplasm 24 months later. Conclusions: Surgical resection is presently the best known treatment for metastatic disease. In advanced, but not yet disseminated, stages in which there is no indication to surgery on metastases (II-III stages according to Gennari's classification), a neoadjuvant treatment is proposed, if the primary tumor has already been completely resected. This therapeutic strategy, called combined multimodal therapy, has the aim to obtain the disease regression and to offer the chance of disease re-staging. ER  - 
Primary Malignant Melanoma of the Nasal Cavity$$$ Malignant melanoma is a highly lethal melanocytic neoplasm, usually affecting the skin. Primary malignant melanoma of the nasal cavity is rarely seen. Clinically, most patients display initial nonspecific symptoms of unilateral nasal obstruction or epistaxis. The prognosis is generally poor, with a mean survival time of 3.5 years. Extensive local invasion and distant metastasis to other organs may occur. The usual treatment of choice is radical excision. Radiotherapy and chemotherapy appear to have little effect. We report a fatal case of intranasal cavity malignant melanoma in which the patient initially presented with blood-tinged sputum, productive cough, and intermittent fever. Preoperative hepatic metastasis was found. Palliative surgery was performed to excise the nasal cavity tumor. Then, 6 courses of chemotherapy were further administered. Unfortunately, regional cervical nodal involvement and pancreatic head metastases occurred 1.5 years after the diagnosis. The patient's condition rapidly deteriorated, followed by death. We have chosen to discuss this aggressive condition because of its rarity and also to emphasize the importance of its early detection through vigilant attention to nonspecific nasal symptoms. A review of the literature concerning intranasal malignant melanoma is presented. We further discuss its possible etiology, site of origin, incidence, clinical presentations, principles of management, and outcome. ER  - 
Gemcitabine infusion via splenic artery for advanced pancreatic cancer$$$ A 65-year-old male patient was admitted to our hospital with continuous left hypochondralgia. CT scanning revealed an avascular tumor at the tail of the pancreas measuring 53 x 52 x 50 mm. Preoperative serum CEA was 198 ng/ml. During laparotomy, the tumor was deemed unresectable and insertion of a catheter in the splenic artery was carried out for postoperative arterial chemotherapy. Gemcitabine (GEM) was administered 1,000 mg 3 times in 2 months via the subcutaneous port connected to the catheter. Slight nausea was the only adverse effect. Decrease in tumor size was observed and serum CEA level dropped to 16.7 ng/ml. In the outpatient setting, 500 mg of GEM was administered several times. One year has passed since the initial treatment, and while the tumor is slowly enlarging, no liver metastasis has been observed. Oral NSAID has controlled the persisting back pain. In conclusion, arterial chemotherapy using GEM for advanced pancreatic cancer may be beneficial for patients. ER  - 
Treatment of pancreatic cancer: Challenge of the facts$$$ Adenocarcinoma of the pancreas is associated with the worst survival of any form of gastrointestinal malignancy. In spite of the progress in surgical treatment, resulting in increasing resection rates and a decrease in treatment-related morbidity and mortality, the true figures of cure are even today below 3%. The dissemination of pancreatic cancer behind the local tissue compartments restricts the short-term (< 3 years) and long-term outcome for patients who have undergone resection. By histological evaluation, less than 15% of the patients undergoing R0 resection have a pN0 status, more than 60% suffer from lymph angiosis carcinomatosa, and more than 50% suffer extrapancreatic nerve plexus infiltration. Hematoxylin and eosin-negative lymph nodes were found to be cancer positive when reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT- PCR) or immunostaining was applied to the HE-negative lymph nodes. Cancer of the uncinate process has a very poor prognosis because there are no early symptoms; vessel wall involvement occurs early and frequently; a high association of liver metastasis exists as well. Surgery offers a low success rate, but it provides the only chance of cure. Ductal pancreatic cancer is diagnosed in more than 95% of the cases in an advanced stage; potentially curative resection can be performed only in about 10%-15% of these patients. Major contributions of surgery to improved treatment results are the reduction of surgical morbidity - e.g., early postoperative local and systemic complications - and a decrease of hospital mortality below 3%-5%. In most recently published prospective trials, R0 resection has been reported to result in an increase in short-term survival beyond that recorded for patients with residual tumor. However, R0 resection fails to improve long-term survival. In many published R0 series, standard tissue resection of pancreatic head cancer with the Kausch-Whipple procedure failed to include remote cancer cell-positive tissues in the operative specimen; e.g., N2-lymph nodes, nerve plexus, and perivascular extrapancreatic and retropancreatic tissues were not excised. Cancer recurrence after so-called R0 resection with curative intent is frequently the consequence of cancer left behind. Thus, long-term survival (> 5 years) is observed in a very small group of patients, contradicting the published 5-year actuarial survival rates of 20%-45% for resected patients. The assessment of clinical benefit from surgical or medical cancer treatment should therefore be based on several end points, not only on actuarial survival. Publication of actuarial survival figures must include the number of observed (actual) survivals, the definition of the subset of patients followed after resection, and the total number of patients in the study group; anything less is misleading. In reporting pancreatic cancer treatment trial results after oncological resections, more convincing primary end points to evaluate treatment efficacy are median survival (in months), actual survival at 1-5 years, and progression-free survival (in months). In series with multimodality treatment, clinical benefit response as well as quality of life measurements using the EORTC Quality of Life index C30 (QLQ-C30) are of importance in evaluating survival data. Adjuvant treatment improves survival after oncological resection; however, the short-term and long-term benefit after adjuvant chemotherapy in R0 as well as in R1-2 resected patients has not yet been underscored by data from controlled clinical trials. The survival benefit (median survival time) of adjuvant chemotherapy or radiochemotherapy has been demonstrated to be 6-10 months. Therefore, after oncological resection of pancreatic cancer each patient should be offered adjuvant treatment. A neoadjuvant treatment protocol for pancreatic cancer, however, has not been established. ER  - 
Will new agents promise a better prognosis? - Interdisciplinary therapy of pancratic cancer$$$ Despite great therapeutic efforts the prognosis of pancreatic cancer patients remains dismal which is explained by early local tumor spread and rapid systemic metastasis. Since specific symptoms are missing in early disease, most patients are diagnosed with advanced tumors. Complete surgical resection of the pancreatic tumor (RO), known as the only curative therapeutic option, can therefore be performed in only a few patients. Neoadjuvant (preoperative) chemoradiotherapy may induce tumor downstaging which in selected cases may allow resectability and thereby improve local control. The benefit from postoperative treatment after complete tumor resection (RO) is presently evaluated in several randomised trials. Since clear results are missing solar, postoperative adjuvant treatment is not a standard of therapy. After incomplete (R1) resections, postoperative treatment can be recommended due to a high risk of local and systemic relapse. Since the benefit of chemotherapy versus chemoradiotherapy remains to be established also in this setting, there is a clear need to treat patients in controlled clinical trials. Patients with locally advanced non-metastatic pancreatic cancer should, however, receive chemotherapy or chemoradiotherapy with gemcitabine as a standard of care. ER  - 
Surgical resection following radiation therapy with concurrent gemcitabine in patients with previously unresectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreas$$$ The combination of gemcitabine with concurrent radiation therapy (Gem/RT) is a promising new approach that is being investigated in patients with unresectable pancreatic cancer. However, substantial toxicity with this combination has also been observed. This review was conducted to determine whether Gem/RT could be safely delivered in the neoadjuvant setting, based on our experience with this combined therapy in a cohort of patients with previously unresectable pancreatic cancer, who subsequently underwent surgical resection. Between July 1996 and June 2001, a total of 67 patients with locally unresectable pancreatic cancer, without distant metastatic disease, received Gem/RT at our institution. Seventeen patients (25%) underwent exploratory surgery following Gem/RT, and nine underwent standard Whipple resection. Thus 9 (52%) of 17 patients who had exploratory operations or 9 (13%) of 67 patients, underwent surgical resection. Thirty-day mortality after resection was 0%, and there were no major surgical complications. Median length of hospital stay was 14 days (range 11 to 19 days). With a median follow-up of 32 months, median survival for the resected patients was 17.6 months (95% confidence interval 12. 6 to 37.3 months). Median survival for the remaining 58 patients was 11.9 months (95% confidence interval 9.6 to 14.7 months, P = 0.013). We conclude that surgical resection may be safely performed after Gem/RT in a select group of patients initially considered to have unresectable pancreatic cancer. The use of Gem/RT in a neoadjuvant setting is currently being investigated in a multi-institutional phase II trial. © 2003 The Society for Surgery of the Alimentary Tract, Inc. ER  - 
Controversies in surgical treatment of gastric cancer$$$ Conservative surgery is performed for patients with early gastric cancer, according to the guideline proposed from Japanese Gastric Cancer Society. There are many kinds of operations, such as ordinary open surgery, laparoscopic-assisted gastrectomy, laparoscopic intragastric surgery, pyrolus preserving gastrectomy, hand-assisted laparoscopic surgery. Indications of the operations are various, but it is necessary to have standard indication for each procedure. Standard operation for advanced gastric cancer in Japan is D2 gastrectomy. Surgeons in Eastern world believed that D1 + alpha or D1 + adjuvant radio-chemotherapy are the standard treatments, because of high incidence of mortality and morbidity after D2 dissection. In Japan, D4 dissection has been performed for patients with nodal involvement, and the validity of D4 dissection is now studied by two randomized trials. Combined resection for T4 tumor is believed to be mandatory. However, the validity of pancreato-splenectomy to yield a complete clearance of No. 10 or No. 11 lymph node station is in controversial, because of high incidence of the postoperative development of pancreatic fistula, anastomotic insufficiency and abscess. There was no prospective study to confirm the effect of omentectomy. Patients with advanced gastric cancer showing a serosal invasion-diameter less than 2.5 cm have less risk of peritoneal recurrence. It may be valuable to perform randomized controlled study consisting of omentum-preserving gastrectomy and gastrectomy with omentectomy. Prognosis of patients with peritoneal dissemination was improved by intraperitoneal chomo hyporthormia and peritonectomy, and prospective studies should be done to compare the effects of systemic chemotherapy and regional chemotherapy combined with peritonectomy. Furthermore, effects of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with cytoreduction with R0 resection should be confirmed by prospective studies. ER  - 
The role of surgery in the complex treatment of thoracic, abdominal and retroperitoneal tumors$$$ The authors present contemporary possibilities of surgery in the therapy of tumors in children. There are solid tumors of thoracic wall and cavity, abdomen and retroperitonaeum in question. Our experience is based upon 175 children with neuroblastoma operated on between 1987-1997. In this time 148 chldren had abdominal form of neuroblastoma and 27 mediastinal one. 39% of our patients had I-st and II-nd stage of the disease, their survival was as high as 92,5%. Another frequent solid tumor of retroperitonaeum in children is Wilms_ tumor. Between 1988-1997 we have operated on 172 children for nephroblastoma. The survival of patients with favourable histology is approximately 90. We have performed surgery of malignant liver tumors in 42 children between 1991-2000. 37 of them had primary liver tumor, 5 had metastatic disease of other solid tumor. We have experienced a substantialy higher survival of patients with hepatoblastoma. In the meantime 85% of 28 patients with hepatoblastoma have survived. The basic requirement is close cooperation of all involved experts. The role of surgery in some tumors is essential, in others it is more or less auxiliary (biopsy, partial resection). The exact diagnosis and preoperative care are of utmost importance. The operation may include primary resection of the tumor after chemotherapy and radiotherapy or urgent procedures in case of life threatening complications like bleeding and perforations. The surgery of reccurencies, predominantly after chemotherapy and radiotherapy is demanding. In majority of solid tumors the aim of surgery is the radical removal of the tumor either primarily or after chemotherapy. Up to now the open thoracic or abdominal surgery is prevailing. In the paediatric age group a thoracoscopy a laparoscopy are being used more and more frequently (e.g. for biopsies of mediastinal tumors, m. Hodgkin or lymphoma non-Hodgkin). In the resection of lung metastases we employ the photothermic effect of Neodym-YAG laser. CUSA (ultrasonic arpirator) is usefull in resection of liver, pancreas spleen and kidney. To bridge the gap after an extensive resection of the thoracic wall the Gore-tex has proved its quality. ER  - 
A result of surgical treatment for ductal adenocarcinoma of the head of the pancreas$$$ BACKGROUND/AIMS: Ductal adenocarcinoma of the head of the pancreas can only be cured with pancreaticoduodenectomy. However, the prognosis after resection has been poor. This study analyzed the possible prognostic factors of resected ductal adenocarcinoma through pancreaticoduodenectomy in a single institution. METHODS: Between Oct. 1994 and May. 2002, 81 patients underwent pancreatoduodenectomy for ductal adenocarcinoma of the head of the pancreas. Perioperative and pathologic factors were analyzed with univariate and multivariate analysis. RESULTS: The overall 5-year survival rate of the 81 patients was 10.8% with median survival of 11.8 months. Ninety-six percent of the patients were in stage IIa, IIb or III. In univariate analysis, factors favoring survival were as follows: CA19-9 antigen<or=200 U/mL (p=0.0055), no preoperative biliary drainage (p=0.018), operation time<or=6.5 hr (p=0.009), R0 (curative) resection (p=0.0001), negative gross vascular invasion (p=0.0012), tumor size<or=3 cm (p=0.002), T lesion<or=T3 (p=0.0014), no tumor necrosis (p=0.0041), no duodenal invasion (p=0.0004) and postoperative chemoradiation therapy (p=0.0365). In multivariate analysis, R0 resection (p<0.001), T lesion<or=T3 (p=0.03) and no duodenal invasion (p=0.001) were independent predictors of prognosis. In 20 patients, who had T lesion<or=T3 without duodenal invasion and R0 resection, the 5-year survival rate was 67.8%. CONCLUSIONS: After pancreaticoduodenectomy for ductal adenocarcinoma of the head of the pancreas, a favorable 5-year survival rate can be achieved in the group of patients who have T lesion<or=T3 without duodenal invasion and R0 resection. ER  - 
Combined modality therapy for pancreatic cancer$$$ In spite of the high mortality in pancreatic cancer, significant progress is being made. This review discusses multimodality therapy for patients with pancreatic cancer. According to several phase II trials and Gastrointestinal Tumor Study Group results, improvements in locoregional control and survival may be achieved when chemotherapy is added to radiation for locally advanced pancreatic cancer. Radiosensitizing chemotherapy agents such as 5-fluorouracil, gemcitabine, paclitaxel, and cisplatin have shown promise. Selected patients with locally advanced disease have been downstaged with chemoradiation, facilitating surgical resection. For patients with resectable disease, the completion of Radiation Therapy Oncology Group study 97-04 represents a major achievement and brings gemcitabine into the forefront of adjuvant therapy. Neoadjuvant chemoradiation may eliminate the delay of initiating adjuvant treatment and spare unnecessary surgery for patients with rapid systemic progression. Molecular agents are being combined with chemoradiation in an attempt to delay or prevent systemic progression. © 2003 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Chemoradiation in pancreatic carcinoma$$$ Prognosis of pancreatic carcinoma remains poor, with one-year and five-year overall survival rates of 20 and 5% respectively. Only 5 to 15% of patients present with tumors amenable to resection. Long-term (5 years) survival after curative resection is less than 20%, and the median survival is about 12 months. This paper updates recent trends about concomitant chemoradiation. At first, a review of the studies on adjuvant chemoradiation after surgery is proposed. Then, indications of preoperative chemoradiation for patients with localized resectable adenocarcinoma are discussed. The last part concerns the most important and recent studies about chemoradiation in locally advanced pancreatic cancer, either with 5-fluoro-uracile or based on new drugs like gemcitabine. © 2003 Éditions scientifiques et médicales Elsevier SAS. Tous droits réservés. ER  - 
Combination therapy of resection and intraoperative radiation for patients with carcinomas of extrahepatic bile duct and ampulla of Vater: Prognostic advantage over resection alone?$$$ Background/Aims: To investigate the therapeutic efficacy of intraoperative radiation for carcinomas of the bile duct and ampulla of Vater. Methodology: Postoperative morbidity, mortality and survival of patients undergoing surgical resection of ampullary cancer (n=19) and bile duct cancer (n=28) were retrospectively compared between two groups with and without intraoperative radiation. Results: Background items (age, gender, preoperative laboratory data, operative time and bleeding volume, tumor stage) did not differ significantly between the two groups. The predominant postoperative complication was leakage of pancreatic juice, which occurred in similar rates in both groups. No significant differences were noted in the 3-year survival rates between the resection plus intraoperative radiation group and resection alone group (60.0% (n=5) vs. 50.1% (n=13) for ampullary cancer; 0% (n=4) vs. 27.1% (n=24) for bile duct cancer, respectively). The main causes of recurrence were distant metastasis for ampullary cancer and microscopic residue of carcinoma for bile duct cancer. Conclusions: The combination of intraoperative radiation and resection may add no significant benefit to patients with ampullary and bile duct cancer when compared with resection alone. ER  - 
A case of advanced gastric carcinoma successfully treated with TS-1/CDDP as a neoadjuvant chemotherapy$$$ We report a patient with gastric carcinoma successfully treated with TS-1/CDDP as a neoadjuvant chemotherapy. The patient was a 72-year-old man who had suffered from general malaise with severe anemia and was diagnosed as type 2 carcinoma, having bulky N2, with suspected invasion of the pancreas. TS-1 (100 mg/day) was administered orally every day for 21 days followed by 14 days rest, and CDDP (20 mg/body) was administered by intravenous infusion at day 8, as one course. He was treated as an outpatient, and two courses of treatment resulted in a marked reduction of the lymphnode metastasis without toxicity. Subsequently, he underwent curative surgery consisting of total gastrectomy with D2 lymph node dissection. TS-1/CDDP therapy is very useful as a neoadjuvant chemotherapy especially for an outpatient until surgery. ER  - 
Preoperative chemoradiation and pancreaticoduodenectomy with portal vein resection for lacalized advanced pancreatic cancer$$$ Pancreatic adenocarcinoma is a common disease that is rarely cured. Surgical resection remains the only treatment modality that has a curative potential, although the majority of patients are unsuitable for resection at the time of diagnosis. Chemoradiation therapy prior to a pancreaticoduodenectomy ensures that a patient who undergoes a complete resection multimodality therapy, avoids a resection in patients who have a rapidly progressive disease, and allows radiation therapy to be given to well oxygenated cells before, surgical devasculation. This permits the chance of resection of an unresectable pancreatic cancer by downstaging. A patient with cytologic proof of localized adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head received an intravenously chemoradiation (Taxol, 50 mg/m2 intravenously for 3 hours week on 5 cycles, of Gemcytabine 1000mg/m2/day intravenously for 3 days week on 2 cycles, of 4500 cGy) with the intention of proceeding to a resection operation, restaging was performed by computed tomography, magnetic resonance imaging from 5 weeks every months due to ongoing decreasing of tumor size after the chemoradiation. At laparotomy, the patient didn't have suspected metastatic disease, the tumor size was 2 × 3 cm on the pancreas head and was infiltrating into the portal vein for about 3 cm length on right side. A pancreaticoduodenectomy along with a portal vein and superior mesenteric vein resection was done and then reconstruction of a vascular anastomosis by using the right side of the internal jugular vein. Perioperative complications didn't occur. In conclusion, preoperative chemoradiation of a localized advanced pancreatic tumor has no added risk to the operative complications and the prospects for resectability are enhanced. ER  - 
Role of adjuvant chemoradiotherapy for abdominal malignancies$$$ The rationale for combining surgery, radiotherapy and chemotherapy is discussed and the clinical results seen with surgery and adjuvant radiochemotherapy in three major abdominal malignancies are reviewed. A systematic approach to the literature was used. In rectal cancer, postoperative radiochemotherapy is an established treatment, although there is weak scientific support for the combined approach. The same clinical gains can also be reached much more easily with preoperative radiotherapy. In gastric cancer, a recent large randomised trial showed improved survival from postoperative radiotherapy. This was not seen in a comparably large trial in pancreatic cancer. The reasons for the different results according to primary tumour site are discussed. It is argued that adequate coverage of all adjacent regional lymph node stations is necessary for an effect on survival. Copyright © 2003 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Adjuvant therapy in pancreatic cancer: Historical and current perspectives$$$ The results from pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma appear to be improving with increased resection rates and reduced postoperative mortality reported by specialist pancreatic cancer teams. Developments with medical oncological treatments have been difficult, however, due to the fundamentally aggressive biological nature of pancreatic cancer and its resistance to chemotherapy coupled with a relative dearth of randomised controlled trials. The European Study Group for Pancreatic Cancer (ESPAC)-1 trial recruited nearly 600 patients and is the largest trial in pancreatic cancer. The results demonstrated that the current best adjuvant treatment is chemotherapy using bolus 5-fluorouracil with folinic acid. The median survival of patients randomly assigned to chemoradiotherapy was 15.5 months and is comparable with many other studies, but the median survival in the chemotherapy arm was 19.7 months and is as good or superior to multimodality treatments including intra-operative radiotherapy, adjuvant chemoradiotherapy and neo-adjuvant therapies. The use of adjuvant 5-fluorouracil with folinic acid may be supplanted by gemcitabine but requires confirmation by ongoing clinical trials, notably ESPAC-3, which plans to recruit 990 patients from Europe, Canada and Australasia. Major trials such as ESPAC-1 and ESPAC-3 have set new standards for the development of adjuvant treatment and it is now clear that such treatment in this field has the potential to significantly improve both patient survival and quality of life after curative resection. ER  - 
Radical antegrade modular pancreatosplenectomy$$$ Introduction. Retrograde distal pancreatectomy with splenectomy is the standard procedure for cancers of the body and tail of the pancreas. However, this procedure has limitations in terms of the posterior extent of resection and the ability to achieve a complete N1 node resection. Methods. A new antegrade procedure has been developed that provides improved visibility, removes N1 nodes, and permits adjustment of the depth of the posterior extent of resection coupled with early rather than late control of the vasculature. Results. Ten patients, 6 with adenocarcinomas of the body of the pancreas, have undergone the procedure since 1999. Nine of 10 patients had negative resection margins, and the median node count in patients who did not receive neoadjuvant radiation was 9 nodes. Three patients had complications develop; no postoperative deaths occurred. Conclusion. Early results with the procedure are encouraging. ER  - 
Perspective of standardization of surgical treatment for hepatocellular carcinoma$$$ Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is one of the most common malignancies in Japan and worldwide. In recent years, surgical treatment for this disease has made great progress, leading to reduced operative morbidity and mortality. The advances have made it feasible to standardize surgical treatment. Moreover, the public deserves quality treatment ensured by surgical expertise. In these circumstances, the author believes that the following are important issues in the standardization of surgical therapy. 1) Surgical indications and evaluation of hepatic functional reserve, for which the Makuuchi criteria appear useful in principle, must be standardized. 2) The surgical method must be determined. Anatomically systematized resection may be reasonable, although nonanatomical resection may be performed when resection of less extent than the Healey segment is performed. 3) A consensus must be reached on pre- and postoperative adjuvant chemotherapy. Interferon administration liver transplantation may be a promising prophylactic therapy against hepatitis C-related HCC recurrence after curative resection. 4) It is necessary to clarify the long-term survival rate of patients with small HCC who undergo radiofrequency ablation in relation to tumor size, associated liver disease, tumor differentiation, tumor vascularity, etc. Appropriate treatment should be based on an analysis of these four factors. In addition, the issues of surgical indications for vascular tumor thrombus, preoperative portal branch embolization, laparascopic hepatectomy, and also liver transplantation should be discussed, along with perioperative management and postoperative follow-up. ER  - 
Transarterial chemoperfusion of inoperable pancreas carcinoma and local recurrence$$$ Background: To evaluate the side effects and tumor response of a locoregional transarterial chemoperfusion with Mitomycin C and Gemcitabine in advanced pancreatic cancer. Materials and Methods: Between October 2001 and August 2002, 16 patients were treated in 80 transarterial chemoperfusion sessions with a mean of 5 sessions per patient and a pause of 4 weeks between the sessions. The chemotherapy consisted of a combination of Mitomycin C (8.5 mg/m2) and Gemcitabine (500 mg/m2), administered within 1 hour. The tumor response was evaluated by MRT and CT and the quality of life by a patient questionnaire. Results: All patients tolerated the procedure well. The therapeutic outcomes were as follows: in 50% (n=8) of patients, minor response with a decrease in size of the primary tumor and metastases up to 20%; in 25% (n=4) of patients, stable disease; and in 25% (n=4) of patients, progressing metastases with stable primary tumor. Eleven patients (68.75%) reported a good quality of life without impaired performance of their daily activities. Side effects were moderate and reversible between the treatment cycles. After one year 25% of the patients were still alive. Conclusion: Transarterial chemoperfusion is a minimally invasive treatment for pancreatic carcinomas and local recurrences with little side-effects and can be delivered on an outpatient basis. It might be indicated as potential neoadjuvant treatment before surgery or as palliative treatment to provide clinical benefits and to improve the quality of life. ER  - 
Is there a role for chemoradiotherapy in the treatment of pancreatic carcinoma?$$$ Pancreatic adenocarcinoma is the fifth leading cause of cancer-related death in the United States. In spite of advancements in surgical treatments, nearly 80% of patients with localised pancreatic cancer die of recurrent or metastatic disease when treated with surgery alone. Therefore, efforts to alter the patterns of recurrences and improve survival for patients with pancreatic cancer currently focus on the delivery of systemic therapy and irradiation before or after surgery. Postoperative adjuvant therapy appears to improve median survival. Utilizing a preoperative approach, overall treatment time is reduced, a greater proportion of patients receive all components of the therapy and patients with rapidly progressive disease are spared the side-effects of surgery. This paper examines the factors pertinent to clinical trial design for pancreatic cancer and reviews the existing data supporting adjuvant and neoadjuvant therapy for potentially resectable disease and chemoradiotherapy in the advanced disease. ER  - 
Chemotherapeutic advances in pancreatic cancer$$$ Advances in chemotherapy for pancreatic cancer have been limited. In the past decade, the standard therapy for metastatic disease has switched from 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) to gemcitabine. However, several other cytotoxic agents have shown limited but promising efficacy in pancreatic cancer, and many of these appear to be well suited for combination chemotherapy. Although 5-FU and cisplatin have not demonstrated substantial survival benefits when combined with gemcitabine, results of several phase III trials with other agents are still pending. For locally advanced disease, most recent studies have incorporated gemcitabine into combined-modality therapy. Similarly, in surgically resectable disease, current trials are incorporating gemcitabine into adjuvant therapy. Other trials are using neoadjuvant therapy as a possible means to improve upon current surgical results. However, much hope comes from the development of newer " targeted" therapies for this disease. Although matrix metalloproteinase inhibitors and farnesyl transferase inhibitors did not appear to be effective in initial studies, other targeted therapies are beginning to enter clinical trials. Copyright © 2003 by Current Science Inc. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant preoperative chemoradiation in patients with pancreatic cancer$$$ Purpose: To assess the toxicity and efficacy of preoperative chemoradiation in pancreatic cancer. Methods and Materials: Between November 1996 and December 2001, 32 patients with biopsy-proven pancreatic adenocarcinoma (28 head; 4 body) were treated by chemoradiation consisting of either split-course therapy (two courses of 15 Gy separated by a 2-week break, n = 10) or standard-fractionation therapy (45 Gy during 5 weeks, n = 22). Concurrent chemotherapy included continuous infusion of 5-fluorouracil and a cisplatin bolus. Pancreatic resection was scheduled for 4-6 weeks after completion of chemoradiation treatment. Results: All 32 patients completed the chemoradiation protocol. Only 2 cases of Grade 3 toxicity (weight loss, vomiting) and one fatal Grade 4 infection occurred. Of the 32 patients, 19 underwent curative resection. Two patients had a complete pathologic response. One patient died 36 months after diagnosis of late treatment-related toxicity (acute superior mesenteric artery thrombosis) with no evidence of disease. The 2-year overall survival rate for the entire group and the resected patients was 37.3% (95% confidence interval 18.2-56.4%) and 59.3% (95% confidence interval 34.1-84.9%), respectively. Conclusion: Preoperative chemoradiation with 5-fluorouracil and cisplatin is feasible and promising. © 2003 Elsevier Science Inc. ER  - 
A case of advanced gastric cancer resected after successful treatment with the novel oral anticancer drug TS-1$$$ We report a case of advanced gastric cancer resected after successful treatment with the novel oral anticancer drug TS-1. The patient was a 52-year-old male. Gastrointestinal fiberscopy showed advanced gastric cancer. Examinations by computed tomography revealed gastric cancer invasion of the pancreas and swollen para-aortic lymph nodes. This patient was treated by preoperative chemotherapy with oral administration of TS-1 (120 mg per day). After 3 courses of treatment of TS-1, the primary lesion and swollen lymph nodes were remarkably reduced. This chemotherapy enabled total gastrectomy in curative resection. The pathological effectiveness of chemotherapy was Grade 1b in the primary lesion and Grade 2 or 3 in the lymph nodes. The patient sustained few side effects. This preoperative chemotherapy regimen seems to be an effective and promising therapy for patients with advanced gastric cancer. ER  - 
Pancreatic cancer. The relative importance of neoadjuvant therapy$$$ Neoadjuvant radiochemotherapy in patients suffering from pancreatic cancer is presently not well established. Neoadjuvant radiochemotherapy is recommended to be applied in 5-8 weeks.The full dose of radiotherapy is between 50 and 54 Gy with 5FU used as radiosensitator. In patients with resectable pancreatic cancer, particularly in UICC-stage II neoadjuvant radiochemotherapy, this results in an improvement in survival: the median survival is between 15 and 30 months.In about 15% of the patients with resectable pancreatic cancer (UICC I-III), neoadjuvant radiochemotherapy results in downstaging. In combination with a R0-resection,neoadjuvant radiochemotherapy effects a reduction of local recurrence. Results from controlled clinical trials are necessary to objectify the benefits of neoadjuvant radiochemotherapy. ER  - 
Endoscopic ultrasound and upper gastrointestinal disorders$$$ Endoscopic ultrasound (EUS) plays a vital role in management of upper gastrointestinal disorders, particularly cancer of the esophagus, pancreas, stomach, lung (via transesophageal mediastinal staging), and bile duct. Endoscopic ultrasound has also been valuable in detection of early chronic pancreatitis (CP). In cancer of the esophagus, the primary role of EUS is to determine whether disease is localized (T1-2, N0) and appropriate for surgery, locally advanced (T3-4, N1, M1a) (which may benefit from chemoradiation with or without surgery), or metastatic. Pancreatic and bile duct cancers are more complex given the controversy over portal vein resection. In centers that resect tumors invading the portal venous system, the role of EUS is limited to tissue confirmation or identification of metastases to the liver or distant lymph nodes. In centers that do not resect the portal vein invasion, EUS plays an important role in local staging. In lung cancer, EUS is emerging as an accurate, nonsurgical alternative to staging the mediastinum through EUS fine-needle aspiration. Endoscopic ultrasound has an important role in diagnosing CP because of its high degree of sensitivity. This has also led to controversy over whether EUS can overdiagnose CP. For these reasons, we recommend the use of a high threshold for EUS and that CP be diagnosed in conjunction with other standard tests (endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography, pancreatic function tests). ER  - 
Surgical resection after preoperative chemoradiotherapy benefits selected patients with unresectable pancreatic cancer$$$ Simultaneous chemoradiation is used in unresectable pancreatic cancer for palliation. It is not known if the use of adjuvant surgery will benefit this group of patients. From November 1991 to September 1998, 47 patients with unresectable pancreatic cancer were treated with simultaneous preoperative radiation therapy (45 Gy) and chemotherapy. Chemotherapy followed three different protocols: cisplatin, 5-fluorouracil ± paclitaxel; cisplatin, 5-fluorouracil (protracted infusion); and docetaxel and gemcitabine. Whipple pancreatoduodenectomy was performed 1 month after the end of radiation in patients selected for resection. Twenty-three unresectable tumors after preoperative treatment (47%) received an additional dose (10-12 Gy) of radiotherapy using intraoperative or external radiation therapy. Twelve patients (26%) were considered to have clinically resectable tumors after the preoperative treatment. Nine patients had surgery (19% of the total number of patients), and 2 of them had complete pathologic response. After chemoradiation, two patients died of pneumonia and gastrointestinal bleeding, respectively, and another two patients died in the postoperative period. Local recurrence was observed in 22% of the patients and 57% had distant metastases. Three-year survival rates for patients with unresectable and resectable tumors was 0% (median survival 10 months) and 48% (median survival 23 months), respectively (p = 0.0004). Preoperative treatment with chemotherapy and radiotherapy in patients with unresectable-pancreatic cancer is feasible. In some patients, the tumor can be resected, and in addition some cases of complete pathologic response were found. Long-term survivors were observed in the group of resected tumors. More effective chemotherapy regimens are needed because the majority of the patients died of metastatic disease. ER  - 
Radiochemotherapy with gemcitabine and cisplatin in pancreatic cancer - Feasible and effective$$$ Background: Concomittant radiotherapy and chemotherapy with gemcitabine appears to be a promising tool for the treatment of pancreatic cancer since gemcitabine - applied as single or combination therapy - proved to have better efficacy in pancreatic cancer than 5-FU containing schemes and furthermore offers radiosensitizing potential. In the present paper our pilot data of concomittant and sequential chemoradiation with gemcitabine and cisplatin are presented. Patients and Methods: A total of 57 patients (f/m 23/34) with pancreatic cancer was treated, of whom 33 patients had irresectable tumors, 19 patients following resection (R1 and/or pN+) and five patients with local recurrent disease. Radiotherapy was delivered in 25 fractions up to a total dose of 45.0 Gy specified according to ICRU reference point (50 patients, 1.8 Gy/fraction) respectively 50.0 Gy to gross tumor volume (seven patients; 45.0 Gy in locoregional lymphatic pathways; 2.0/ 1.8 Gy/fraction). Concomittant with radiotherapy cisplatin (30 mg/m2) and gemcitabine (300 mg/m2) were applied on days 1, 8, 22 and 29. After simultaneous chemoradiation two sequential cycles gemcitabine and cisplatin (1000 mg/m2 and 50 mg/m2 d 1, 15) were applied. Results: With a median follow-up of 8.2 months the median survival time was 14.8 months (irresectable patients: 10.3 months, postoperative patients 15.1 months). Within 33 irresectable patients 19 and four partial and complete remissions, respectively, were observed. In 14 patients a secondary resection was possible. Using leveled antiemetics with ondansetron and dexamethasone no gastrointestinal toxicities grade III or IV were observed. Hematologic toxicities were the most grave side effects (leukocytopenia III/IV in 29/five patients and thrombocytopenia III/IV in 21/eight patients), however with minor clinical relevancy (one neutropenic infection, one thrombopenic epistaxis). Conclusion: The presented treatment scheme using concomittant and sequential gemcitabine and cisplatin with radiation is feasible with justifiable side effects. To evaluate the promising remission and survival rates, randomized trials of neoadjuvant and primary chemoradiation are started. ER  - 
Hepatic surgery for metastases from neuroendocrine tumors$$$ Cytoreductive therapy is effective in the management of metastatic neuroendocrine tumors to the liver, independent of their functioning status. In functioning tumors, clinical endocrinopathies are relieved in most patients and this response usually lasts for several months. Major morbidity and mortality are not greater than the average complication rate for resection for nonneuroendocrine metastatic tumors at major centers; therefore, surgical outcomes appear to justify operative intervention. Patients whose primary tumor can be controlled, whose metastases outside the liver are limited, and who have a reasonable performance status are candidates for resection. The authors' data support the previous statements. The current mortality rate of 1.2% and major morbidity rate of 15% clearly represent the success of the operative approach in such complex cases (54% of patients received a resection of at least one lobe) [9]. A symptomatic response in the 95% range with a median response of 45 months adds many months of symptom-free survival to the lives of most patients [9]. In the literature reviewed for this article, more than half of the patients also underwent a major hepatic resection and 40% of them had concurrent resection of the primary tumor. These data confirm that resection in selected patients is not more complicated or risky than resection for other metastatic tumors. Endocrinopathies have not increased anesthetic or operative risk in this population; however, these results are the product of managing these patients over time, becoming familiar with their clinical syndromes, and being active in the prevention of life-threatening endocrine complications (ie, carcinoid crisis). The authors have learned over time that patients with valvular disease are not good candidates for surgery. These patients develop right-sided heart failure with an increase in the central venous pressure. This condition can result in massive hemorrhage during the liver resection because of the difficulty in controlling backbleeding from the hepatic veins [26]. Correction of valvular disease is warranted for safe liver resection. The authors' current policy is to rule out valvular disease in every patient with carcinoid tumors and repair the valves prior to hepatic resection when indicated [27]. This policy clearly has decreased the complication rate. Even though liver transplantation seems to be very attractive as a means of eradicating the disease, this has not been common in clinical practice because of the shortage of allografts, and the overall costs and complications of the procedure override its benefits, especially when compared with partial hepatectomy. Current methods to detect the spread of disease that were not readily available in the past, such as MRI and indium-111 pentetreotide (Octreoscan), may expand the applications of transplantation and allow for better selection of candidates. The option of transplantation is still open for improvement and is dependent on organ availability and better staging of the disease. Metastases from neuroendocrine tumors are hypervascular, favoring the application of MRI as the single imaging method; MRI not only evaluates the location and characteristics of the lesions but also determines the relationship with major vessels and bile ducts. Spiral CT scan has been used extensively in the past with acceptable results. Indium-111 pentetreotide functions on the base of somatostatin receptors present in these tumors, but its use has not been established definitely in the work-up of these patients. Perhaps the best use of indium-111 pentetreotide is in the evaluation of disease beyond the primary and liver locations, including bone metastases; its use therefore will likely affect the preoperative work-up of candidates for transplantation [28]. Once the patient has been deemed to have resectable disease by the preoperative work-up, several steps need to be completed prior to surgery to decrease the effect of specific endocrinopathies. For patients with symptoms related to carcinoid tumors, preoperative preparation with 150 to 500 μg of somatostatin decreases the chances of carcinoid crisis, which is manifested by hemodynamic instability [29]. The use of this medication intraoperatively should be kept in mind because a carcinoid crisis can occur despite anesthetic premedication. For islet cell tumors, treatment of underlying endocrinopathy has been initiated before referral for surgical treatment in most patients. Surgery is appropriate for patients with metastatic neuroendocrine tumors for the following two reasons: (1) many of them still have the primary tumor in place and resection should be undertaken to avoid acute complications and (2) the addition of adjunctive ablative therapies to surgical resection accomplishes the control of greater than or equal to 90% of the bulk of the tumor. If preoperative evaluation indicates that less than 90% of the tumor is treatable, surgical therapy is contraindicated. Last, even when complete resections are performed, the recurrence rate for these tumors is extremely high. In practical terms, patients with metastatic neuroendocrine tumors are seldom cured. The best hope physicians can offer these patients is an extended survival period with minimal endocrine symptoms and decreased requirements of somatostatin analogs. ER  - 
Preoperative chemoradiation in resectable pancreatic cancer$$$ Despite advancements in the field of surgical oncology, the diagnosis of pancreatic cancer still carries a grave and dismal prognosis. Surgery alone for adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head or uncinate process has a median survival time of 12 months. These grim statistics have led many to study the effects of combined multimodality therapy in the fight against pancreatic cancer. The long recovery time associated with pancreaticoduodenectomy has resulted in as many as 25% of patients unable to proceed with planned adjuvant therapy. For these reasons preoperative or neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy (CRT) has been evaluated. Preoperative CRT ensures that all eligible patients receive the benefits of multimodality therapy, and patients who manifest metastatic disease on restaging evaluations are spared the morbidity of an unnecessary laparotomy. Multimodality therapy appears to lengthen the survival duration in patients with pancreatic cancer. It also affords a selection advantage, in that patients with aggressive disease biology with advanced metastatic disease following CRT are spared the morbidity of surgery. Conversely, a limited subset of patients may even be downstaged, allowing for a potentially curative resection. In this article we review the current status of neoadjuvant chemoradiation in adenocarcinoma of the pancreas. We discuss its rationale in light of the reported strengths and weaknesses of postoperative adjuvant CRT. ER  - 
Role of octreodite in the management of patients with cancer$$$ Question: What is the role of octreotide in the management of patients with cancer? Perspectives: Octreotide has approval from the Therapeutic Products Directorate of Health Canada for the control of symptoms in patients with carcinoid tumours, vasoactive intestinal peptide (VIP)-secreting tumours, and acromegaly, and for the prevention of complications following pancreatic surgery and of bleeding from gastro-oesophageal varices. The long-acting suspension is indicated for acromegalic patients and for patients with carcinoid tumours or VIP-secreting tumours who are adequately controlled with octreotide administered subcutaneously. Octreotide has also been used in practice in patients with diarrhoea resulting from chemotherapy treatment, in patients with advanced breast and gastrointestinal cancers, and in terminally ill cancer patients suffering from bowel obstruction. The drug is used for many indications, and controversy exists regarding its efficacy for certain of those indications. With the potential for variability in practice in Ontario, the Systemic Treatment Disease Site Group (DSG) felt that a systematic review of the best available evidence on the topic of octreotide use in cancer patients would be useful. Outcomes: Outcomes of interest included tumour response, survival, symptom relief or control, and quality of life. Methodology: A systematic search of the MEDLINE (Ovid; 1966 through October 2002), CANCERLIT (Ovid; 1983 through October 2002), and Cochrane Library (Issue 4, 2002) databases was undertaken. Randomised controlled trials that compared octreotide with placebo, observation, or other treatment in the management of patients with cancer were eligible for inclusion in the systematic review of the evidence. Given the lack of randomised data, non-controlled reports of octreotide for patients with neuroendocrine tumours or chronic bowel obstruction were also considered. Results: The DSG found twenty-five randomised controlled trials (two reported as abstracts), two clinical practice guidelines, one systematic review, and eighteen non-randomised trials for inclusion in the systematic review of the evidence. Practice Guideline: Chemotherapy-Induced Diarrhoea Octreotide is recommended at a dose of 100 μg subcutaneously three times daily, escalating every 8 hours by 50-100 μg until the diarrhoea is controlled, to a maximum of 500 μg three times daily. Pancreatic Surgery Octreotide, administered at a dose of 100 μg subcutaneously three times daily starting 1 hour before surgery and continuing for 7 days, is recommended as part of standard management for patients undergoing pancreatic surgery. Symptoms Associated with Carcinoid Tumours Octreotide is recommended to control symptoms associated with carcinoid tumours. Because the mechanism of action and pathophysiology of other secretory neuroendocrine tumours are similar to those of carcinoid tumours, it is reasonable to recommend octreotide to control symptoms associated with secretory neuroendocrine tumours. It is suggested that octreotide be administered in a subcutaneous dose of 100 μg three times daily, or 200 μg twice daily, with an increase in the dose of 50-100 μg every 8 or 12 hours until symptom control is achieved. Inoperable Bowel Obstruction Attributable to Advanced Cancer The use of 300 μg octreotide daily by subcutaneous infusion may be considered for the purpose of reducing symptoms such as nausea, vomiting, and pain, or avoiding the need for a nasogastric tube. Antitumour Agent Octreotide cannot be recommended as an antitumour agent for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer, advanced pancreatic cancer, or asymptomatic colon cancer. Further studies in advanced breast, colon, or pancreatic cancer are unlikely to be productive unless a different formulation or dose schedule is anticipated to be more active. Qualifying Statements: Chernotherapy-Induced Diarrhoea For patient convenience, an alternative-albeit less effective-option is standard oral antidiarrhoeal agents in the usual approved doses (for example, 4 mg loperamide initially, then 2 mg after every unformed stool, to a maximum of 16 mg per day). If the diarrhoea has not substantially improved in 24 hours, or if the patient requires intravenous rehydration, then octreotide should be administered at the recommended doses. Pancreatic Surgery In three large, placebo-controlled double-blind randomised trials, significant decreases in serious complications (pancreatic fistula, abscess, and fluid collection) were observed in patients receiving octreotide. No differences in mortality following surgery was observed in any of the trials between the octreotide and placebo groups. ER  - 
Resection of hepatocellular carcinoma with tumor thrombus of the portal vein after neoadjuvant regional chemotherapy$$$ We report a successfully managed case of far-advanced hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) by intraarterial infusion therapy. A 55-year-old man was admitted to our hospital with abdominal pain and subileus. Abdominal ultrasonography, computed tomography, and angiography revealed HCC with obstruction of the main portal vein due to tumor thrombus. Serum levels of α-fetoprotein (AFP) and protein induced by vitamin K absence or antagonist-II (PIVKA-II) were elevated. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy was tried with a course of low-dose cisplatin (CDDP) +5-fluorouracil (5-FU) intrahepatic arterial infusion through the indwelling catheter via the subcutaneous reservoir port. After 7 weeks of administration (total dose CDDP 370 mg/5-FU 18.5 mg), the main tumor size was effectively reduced. Serum levels of AFP and PIVKA-II decreased markedly. Adverse effects were tolerated. Following the chemoinfusion therapy, posterior segmentectomy and thrombectomy were performed. Reconstruction of the portal vein was not necessary because we removed the tumor thrombus without resecting the portal vein. The postoperative course was uneventful, and the patient has been doing well more than 2 years after surgery, with no evidence of recurrence or metastasis. Preoperative low-dose CDDP +5-FU intrahepatic arterial infusion therapy in combination with hepatic resection may be an effective treatment for advanced HCC with portal vein tumor thrombus. ER  - 
Anti-Cancer Treatment - 12th International Congress: Third Interactive Gastrointestinal Oncology Meeting: 4-7 February 2002, Paris, France$$$ This 2-day meeting was an excellent opportunity to discuss both European and US approaches to the treatment of GI tract cancer. Major differences in the US and European approaches include the use of infused and bolus 5-FU/LV, treatments of rectal cancer, the emphasis on TME and preoperative short-term irradiation in Europe, and more postoperative standard chemoradiotherapy in US. In addition there is more postoperative chemoradiotherapy in resected pancreatic and gastric cancer in the USA. Challenging cases in colorectal cancer and gastric cancer were presented by Dr Jacques Wils and Dr J Macdonald. There was a voting system to provide optimal interchange with the audience and after each lecture one slide was presented that showed questions concerning a typical case with different possible approaches (eg, How would you, treat this patient?). ER  - 
Two sequential trials of combination chemotherapy with methotrexate/5-fluorouracil and cisplatin/5-fluorouracil for advanced pancreatic cancer$$$ Aim: Two sequential studies were performed to examine the effect of combination chemotherapy for patients with preoperative TNM stage III/IV advanced pancreatic cancer. Methods: In the first study, a randomized Phase II trial, comparing intraoperative radiation therapy (IORT) to IORT plus combination chemotherapy of methotrexate (MTX) and 5-fuluorouracil (5-FU) was performed. Based on the results of the first trial, a second randomized trial combination therapy comparing MTX plus 5-FU to that of cisplatin (CDDP) plus 5-FU was performed. Results: Thirty-three patients were entered into the first study. The second study was conducted sequentially and enrolled 27 patients. In the first study, overall survival and hospital-free survival were significantly better in the IORT plus MTX/5-FU group compared to the IORT alone group. In the second study, comparison of the overall survival and HFS between MTX/5FU group and CDDP/5FU group did not show any significant difference between the two groups. However, MTX/5-FU group showed better treatment compliance and less toxicity compared to the CDDP/5-FU group. Conclusions: The results of these two sequential studies of combination chemotherapies for advanced pancreatic cancer suggested that the treatment with IORT plus MTX/5FU was superior to the treatment without chemotherapy in the first study. In the second study, IORT plus MTX/5-FU was also shown to have less toxicity and better compliance compared to the IORT plus CDDP/5-FU. Copyright © 2002 by PJD Publications Limited. ER  - 
Preoperative chemoradiation in the management of adenocarcinoma of the body of the pancreas$$$ Adenocarcinoma of the body of the pancreas has been traditionally associated with low resectability and poor prognosis. We reviewed 30 consecutive cases of pancreatic body adenocarcinoma presenting between 1988 and 2001. Twenty-six (87%) patients received preoperative chemotherapy (either 5-fluorouracil with or without mitomycin C or gemcitabine) plus radiation therapy (50.4 Gy), and four patients received chemoradiation postoperatively. During or shortly after chemoradiation 16 (53%) patients developed distant metastasis (n = 12), tumor progression (n = 2), or fatal septic complications (n = 2). Fourteen patients underwent surgical resection with curative intent. Resections performed included distal subtotal pancreatectomies (n = 6), extended pancreaticoduodenectomies (n = 6), and total pancreatectomies (n = 2). Ten patients (71%) required vascular reconstruction as a result of involvement of the portal vein or the superior mesenteric, hepatic arterial, or celiac vessels. Median overall survival was 34 months (range 8-152) for the resected group as compared with 8 months (range 1-14) in the unresected group (P = 0.005). Five-year actuarial overall survival is projected at 45 per cent for the resected group. In this poor-prognostic subset of patients with pancreatic cancer preoperative chemoradiation followed by an aggressive surgical approach was associated with resectability and long-term survival of a significant minority of patients. ER  - 
Resection of pancreatic cancer and simultaneous lung metastasis--a case report of successful in tumor dormancy mainly by postoperative 5-fluorouracil-based chemotherapy$$$ A 48-year-old male patient was admitted to our institution with left hypochondralgia. Preoperative serum CEA was 504 ng/ml. Under a radiological diagnosis of simultaneous double cancer of the pancreas and lung, resection was performed. Pathological study revealed primary pancreatic cancer with lung metastasis. After the operation, serum CEA fell to 55 ng/ml. Seventeen months later, bowel obstruction occurred and serum CEA was 140 ng/ml. One course of systemic chemotherapy, using the combination of CDDP, 5-FU and Leucovorin, was successful. After another three months, however, the same clinical symptoms occurred. With no response to the prior chemotherapy regimen, surgery was undertaken and a mass at the mesentery was removed. Fifty-nine months have passed since the initial operation and the patient is free of disease, though his serum CEA is around 50 ng/ml. In conclusion, there are cases of pancreatic cancer in which tumor dormancy can be achieved by postoperative 5-FU based chemotherapy. ER  - 
Palliative surgical treatment of upper gastrointestinal malignancies - Significance in times of multimodal therapeutic concepts$$$ The significance of palliative surgery for tumors of the upper gastrointestinal tract is mainly restricted by endoscopic and percutaneous interventional procedures. By these means a good palliation with low risk can be achieved in the majority of patients with oesophageal, pancreatic and biliary carcinomas. In gastric cancer the indication for palliative resection is more extensive because the perioperative risk is lower and the palliative effects in case of bleeding, stenosis, tumor necrosis and perforation especially for patients with a life expectancy of about 6 months are more favourable. Neoadjuvant radio-/chemotherapy changes the significance of palliative surgery in upper GI-tumors only to the extent that the local RO-resection rate can be increased. Currently these effects are most significant in oesophageal cancer. Until effective treatments for advanced staged patients become available, palliative procedures must be further improved and appropriately implemented. ER  - 
Orthotopic liver transplantation for unresectable hepatoblastoma$$$ Background. The outcome of treatment for advanced hepatoblastoma has recently improved after the introduction of preoperative or pre- and postoperative cisplatin-containing chemotherapy combined with complete surgical excision. The role of liver transplantation in a population of patients who have received this regimen has not been clearly defined. Methods. Orthotopic liver transplantation (OLT) was performed in 13 children, aged 5 months to 11 years (median 27 months), who were assessed with unresectable hepatoblastoma, and whose pretreatment extent-of-disease was based on radiologic findings of group III (n = 11) and group IV (n = 2). One child with a multifocal tumor showed pulmonary metastases at presentation, but, according to radiologic studies, the deposits resolved with chemotherapy before liver transplantation. One other child showed exophytic extension of the primary tumor infiltrating the porta hepatis and body of the pancreas. All 13 patients received preoperative chemotherapy to reduce the size of the primary tumor(s) and to treat metastatic spread. Results. Twelve children underwent elective OLT; all are alive and show normal graft function at a mean follow-up of 33 months (range 1-108). One child shows evidence of recurrent disease in the form of pulmonary metastases. One child underwent emergency OLT for acute liver failure after (incomplete) extended right hepatectomy and died from respiratory failure, with no evidence of recurrent tumor 3 weeks posttransplant. Conclusions. Liver transplantation is an effective treatment for unresectable unifocal or multifocal hepatoblastoma confined to the liver. A multidisciplinary approach to the management of hepatoblastoma, with thoughtful collaboration between pediatric oncologists, hepatologists, and liver surgeons, is essential. ER  - 
Pancreatic surgery$$$ Over the past year considerable progress has been made in the field of pancreatic surgery. Innovative diagnostic techniques continue to improve the preoperative staging of pancreatic cancer. For patients with cancer and biliary obstruction, preoperative biliary stenting appears to increase the incidence of wound infection after pancreatoduodenectomy but has no effect on other perioperative complications. New information about the molecular biology of pancreatic cancer may begin to influence the surgical approach to the disease. More cases of intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasms are being diagnosed and studied. The impact of adjuvant chemotherapy and chemoradiation on survival has been more clearly defined in a large, randomized trial. In patients with sterile acute necrotizing pancreatitis, conservative nonsurgical management has continued to produce favorable results. For chronic pancreatitis, surgery appears to diminish both chronic pain and recurrent episodes of acute pain. © 2002 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Does neoadjuvant chemoradiation downstage locally advanced pancreatic cancer?$$$ Recent studies suggest that neoadjuvant chemoradiation can downstage locally advanced pancreatic tumors. There is limited evaluable data to support this approach. We review our experience with preoperative chemoradiation for surgically staged, locally advanced pancreatic cancer to determine whether patients are downstaged with multimodal therapy allowing for curative resection. A prospectively collected database from Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center was reviewed. Patients admitted between January 1993 and March 1999 with locally advanced pancreatic adenocarcinoma were identified (N = 163). Chemoradiation was administered to 87 (53.3%) of 163, and regimens varied from standard 5-fluorouracil/gemcitabine-based therapies to experimental protocols. Only three patients (3/87; 3.4%) had a sufficient clinical response on restaging to warrant reexploration. Of these, two thirds were unresectable on subsequent laparoscopy because of extensive vascular involvement or metastatic disease. Only one patient underwent a potentially curative resection, with a survival of 18 months despite negative margins and no nodal involvement. The overall median survival for all patients with locally advanced disease treated with chemoradiation was 11 months (6.5 months without multimodal therapy; P = 0.004). Although chemoradiation is associated with improved overall survival in locally advanced disease, it rarely leads to surgical "downstaging" allowing for potentially curative pancreatic resections. Novel multimodality approaches are required. ER  - 
A case of advanced gastric cancer with invasion of pancreas effectively treated by combined chemotherapy of TS-1 and paclitaxel (TXL)$$$ The patient was a 55-year-old woman who had unresectable advanced gastric cancer with celiac lymph node metastases and invasion of pancreas. The lesions were considered surgically incurable, so she was placed on neoadjuvant chemotherapy consisting of TS-1 and low-dose CDDP, for a total of 3 courses of TS-1 (100 mg/day, 12 weeks) and 2 courses of low-dose CDDP (10 mg/day, 100 mg). The only side effect of this chemotherapy was light anorexia, and the patient maintained a good QOL. After chemotherapy, the tumor had decreased partially in size, but there was little change in the abdominal lymph node metastases. She was considered to have little response and underwent palliative distal gastrectomy, because of the incomplete dissection of abdominal lymph node metastases. After the operation, she was treated with 2 courses of TS-1 100 mg/day (3 weeks administration and 2 weeks rest) and CDDP 70 mg or 50 mg/body (day 8). She had grade 3 anorexia. After discharge, she was treated by combined therapy of TS-1 100 mg/day (2 weeks administration and 2 weeks rest) and TXL 60 mg/body (day 1, 8, 15). After 2 courses of TS-1/TXL therapy, the abdominal lymph node metastases had decreased in size and the tumor markers were reduced remarkably: CEA 146.1-->26.9 ng/ml, and CA19-9,351.5-->210.6 U/ml. The patient received 5 courses of TS-1/TXL therapy, and she had no trouble with side effects. She maintained a good QOL. TS-1/TXL therapy was associated with few adverse events in hospital visits, and thought to be an effective adjuvant chemotherapy against advanced gastric cancer. ER  - 
Chemotherapy of primary and secondary hepatic tumours$$$ Liver is the most common site of metastatic disease. Although primary liver tumors are relatively rare in the Czech Republić, liver tumors represent a frequently encountered problem because of high incidence of colorectal and pancreatic cancer. Regimens of systemic chemotherapy or biologic therapy are used for secondary liver tumors according the primary site. It was demonstrated in randomized clinical studies that some of these regimens significantly prolong survival. Although only palliative therapy is possible for most of the patients with liver metastases, resection should be considered in patients with isolated liver involvement. Liver resection represents a curative approach and long-term success seems to be enhanced by neoadjuvant (preoperative) chemotherapy or adjuvant (postoperative) hepatic arterial chemotherapy. Hepatic arterial chemotherapy is also effective in the palliative treatment of unresectable liver metastases. Although it is still uncertain whether hepatic arterial chemotherapy increases survival of patients compared to systemic chemotherapy, it may be regarded as the best available treatment in selected patients because of better palliation associated with higher objective response rate and less systemic toxicity. Along with systemic and hepatic arterial chemotherapy, other approaches are being currently investigated in the treatment of primary and secondary liver tumors, including the use of biologic agents, agents with non-cytotoxic mechanism of action, or chronomodulated chemotherapy. ER  - 
Adjuvant radiotherapy in resectable pancreatic carcinoma$$$ Aim: Pancreatic cancer is a near fatal disease. External beam radiotherapy and intraoperative radiation therapy (IORT) has been proposed with the aim to improve clinical outcome in resectable tumors. The aim of this study is to assess the feasibility and outcome in patients with cT1-3 pancreatic cancer, treated with surgery, external beam radiotherapy and IORT. Methods: From 1990 to 1996, 17 patients with clinical stage T1-3N0-1M0 adenocarcinoma of the head of the pancreas were treated with pancreatectomy and pre- (nine patients: 5 Gy), intra- (all patients: 10 Gy) and post-operative (all patients: 50 Gy) radiotherapy. The pathologic T stages were: 4 pT2 and 13 pT3. The pathologic N stages were: 9 pN0 and 8 pN1. Minimum follow-up in living patients was 60 months. Results: No perioperative mortalities were recorded. Two patients showed postoperative morbidity (11.8%) which required a subsequent laparotomy. The disease-free survival at 1, 3 and 5 years was 41, 23 and 18%, respectively (median: 9 months). The overall survival at 1, 3 and 5 years was 70%, 41 % and 18%, respectively (median: 17.5 months). Three patients developed local failure (17.6%) and 12 patients showed distant metastases (70.6%). Univariate analysis (logrank) showed: a significant correlation between both N-stage and retroperitoneal involvement (RPI) with local control (N-stage: P = 0.0155; RPI: P = 0.0295), a significant correlation between maximum tumor size and metastases-free survival (P = 0.0167) and overall survival (P = 0.0241); the female gender was another predictor of prolonged survival (P = 0.0465). Multivariate analysis (Cox) showed a significant impact of N-stage and retroperitoneal involvement on local control and also a significant correlation between perineural involvement and tumor diameter with metastases-free survival. Conclusions: These results are similar to those of other published series and suggest that this approach is feasible with acceptable local control and survival, especially in patients with small tumors (<2.5 cm: 5 year survival = 33.3%) and in female patients (5 year survival = 30%). Due to the impact of gender, tumor diameter and N stage on prognosis, in the design of future trials a stratification of patients based on these categories should be considered. The search of effective chemotherapeutic agents is required, to reduce the high incidence of distant metastases, expecially in larger tumors. © 2002 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
A phase II single institutional experience with preoperative radiochemotherapy in pancreatic adenocarcinoma$$$ Background: Resection of pancreatic adenocarcinoma has a limited impact on survival. We hypothesized that delivering preoperative radiochemotherapy (RTCT) might enhance local control of the cancer and improve survival. Methods: Nineteen patients with localized pancreatic cancer (14 head and 5 body) were treated during the past 4 years with an intramural protocol consisting of continuous infusion of fluorouracile (5-FU: 650 mg/m2/DI-D5 and D21 -D25 and Cisplatin 80 mg/m2/bolus D2 and D22 with preoperative external beam radiotherapy (RT) (30 Gy split course RT or 45 Gy standard fractionation RT). Results: Four patients did not have surgical resection: Three patients were noted to have liver metastases and I patient developed peritoneal carcinomatosis. The remaining 15 patients had potentially curative resection (12 Whipple procedure and 3 distal subtotal pancreatectomy). There was no postoperative death. Pathologic findings showed five major responses including 2 patients with complete pathologic response. The overall median survival for the 19 study patients was 20 months. The median disease free and 2-year overall survival for the group with resection were 30 months and 52.3%. Conclusions: Preoperative RTCT followed by resection is well-tolerated and safe for patients with localized pancreatic cancer. Major histological response occurred for 25% of patients. This approach could offer improvement in patient survival. © 2002 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved. ER  - 
Whipple's resection-proximal pancreaticoduodenectomy (PD)$$$ Pancreatic resection offers the potential for long-term cure in 15% of patients with pancreatic cancer. This article describes the author's technique of pancreaticoduodenectomy (PD), together with guidelines for disease staging, pre-operative work-up and patient selection. The role of neo-adjuvant and adjuvant chemotherapy is currently under evaluation and all patients who have a curative resection should be considered for entry into the ESPAC 3 trial that aims to establish the definitive role of adjuvant chemotherapy in pancreatic cancer. ER  - 
Prognostic value of cytologic examination of peritoneal washings in pancreatic cancer$$$ Hypothesis: Findings from cytologic examination of peritoneal washings affect the staging, prognosis, and management of pancreatic cancer. Design: Retrospective review. Setting: Tertiary care center. Patients: A total of 151 patients with invasive ductal adenocarcinoma of the pancreas and without distant metastases or ascites, as determined by preoperative radiologic examinations, underwent peritoneal washings. Based on intraoperative findings, patients were subdivided into 3 groups according to the extent of cancer spread: 65 were assigned to a resectable group, 53 to a locally advanced group, and 33 to a visible metastases group. Main Outcome Measures: Survival and peritoneal metastases-free survival. Results: The incidence of positive cytologic findings was 23.8% (36/151). Positive rates increased significantly with disease progression (P<.001). In the resectable group, survival and peritoneal metastases-free survival were significantly shorter for patients with positive vs negative cytologic findings. In the remaining 2 groups, no differences were observed between patients with positive vs negative cytologic findings in survival or peritoneal metastases-free survival. In patients with positive cytologic findings without visible metastases, survival and peritoneal metastases-free survival were significantly better in the locally advanced group undergoing chemoradiotherapy than in the resectable group. Conclusions: Positive peritoneal cytologic findings are not independent factors that determine survival and peritoneal metastases-free survival; rather, they are associated with advanced disease. In patients with visible metastases, cytologic factors are not correlated with survival or peritoneal recurrence. In patients without visible metastases, chemoradiotherapy may be beneficial for those with positive cytologic findings. ER  - 
Effectiveness of preoperative chemotherapy for far advanced gastric cancer$$$ We herein report a case in which preoperative chemotherapy with cisplatin and 5-fluorouracil was found to effectively treat far advanced gastric cancer invading the pancreas forming a huge mass with regional and distant lymph node metastases. As a result of this treatment regimen, a potentially curative resection was performed which led to a substantially increased survival. The patient was treated with 10mg of cisplatin and 1000mg of 5-fluorouracil each day preoperatively. After the continuous administration of these drugs for 28 days, the findings of extensive pancreas invasion and lymph node metastases dramatically disappeared. The tumor could be curatively resected by a total gastrectomy with lymph nodes dissection, combined with a distal pancreatectomy and splenectomy. A histological study of a resected specimen showed some cancer cell infiltration remaining within the muscularis propria with fibrous change. There was no evidence of either pancreas invasion or lymph node metastasis. As a result, postoperative adjuvant chemotherapy was performed, 14 months later lymph nodes recurrence was detected and the patient died 20 months after surgery. Our findings suggest that preoperative chemotherapy may thus be effective for the treatment of gastric cancer by both reducing the tumor burden and prolonging survival. ER  - 
Intraoperative hyperthermia in conjunction with multi-schedule chemotherapy (pre-, intra- and post-operative), by-pass surgery, and post-operative radiotherapy for the management of unresectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma$$$ The aim of this study was to evaluate the potential role of intraoperative hyperthermia (IOHT) in the management of stage IV pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Twenty-seven patients (group A) received pre-operative chemotherapy (5-FU), by-pass surgery with intraoperative bolus infusion of 5-FU and post-operatively multi-agent chemotherapy plus sandostatin and external beam irradiation (45 Gy, 25 fractions, 5 days a week). In a non-randomized way, 10 patients (group B) received an additional single session of IOHT (43-45°C, 1 h) performed directly on the tumour using a waveguide applicator (433 MHz) with interstitial measurements of temperature measured. A brief instrument was developed for evaluating patients' quality of life. No progressive disease (PD) was noticed in group B vs 11% (3/27) of PD in group A. There was also a significant increase of overall survival (OS) in group B vs A patients (p = 0.029, log-rank test). Moreover, there was a significant improvement for group B vs A patients regarding Karnofsky performance status (p < 0.001, Mann-Whitney test), pain score (p < 0.001, Mann-Whitney test) and quality of life score (p = 0.031, Mann-Whitney test). A significant correlation was noticed between OS and thermal parameters such as average Tmin (p = 0.043), average Tmax (p = 0.027) and cumulative minutes T90 ≥ 44°C (p < 0.001). Combined IOHT with chemotherapy (pre-, intra- and post-operative) and external beam post-operative radiotherapy seem to have a potential benefit in the management of unresectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreas, concerning local response, OS and quality of life. Further clinical studies to evaluate the benefit of IOHT suggested in this study are warranted. ER  - 
Interventional endoscopy, neoadjuvant therapy and the gastroenterologist$$$ With current treatment, survival of greater than 1 year should be anticipated for many patients with pancreatic cancer. Cure rates (5-year survival) of greater than 10% have been achieved even for unresectable disease. Obstructive jaundice is managed successfully with endoscopic placement of a plastic stent early in the evaluation of a patient with suspected regional pancreatic cancer, and a metal wall stent is reserved for patients with known 1997 AJCC stage IVB carcinoma or nonoperative patients. Relief of biliary obstruction allows improvement in liver function and more time to evaluate tumor stage accurately to determine initial treatment (see Fig. 1). A cost-effective algorithm to determine accurate stage and treatment can start with the size of the mass on initial imaging studies. EUS-guided FNA represents a significant improvement over CT scan-guided FNA to make a tissue diagnosis. Small pancreatic masses that would be resected regardless of whether an FNA is positive or negative require only an EUS evaluation to establish an early resectable stage. Tumors reliably staged as unresectable by nonoperative imaging methods including EUS are treated with chemotherapy with or without concurrent radiotherapy because median survival of these patients is 2 years in some series. Tumors can be resected after neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy. For chronic pain or gastric outlet obstruction not responding or treatable by chemoradiotherapy, endoseopically guided celiac plexus nerve block and stenting improve the quality of life for patients with pancreatic cancer. A team approach is required to achieve the objectives of improved quality of life, prolonged survival, and possible cure for pancreatic cancer. The optimal combination and sequencing of staging methods, including EUS, specialized CT scan. MR imaging, intraoperative findings, and pathologic evaluations, would improve selection of patients for potential curative resection. Interpretations of disease stage based on each of these methods may overlap but are not identical and are operator dependent. Rather than reliance on any single standard, clinical judgment and communication among the team are paramount to providing optimal care for patients with a pancreatic neoplasm. ER  - 
Surgery and cancer of the pancreas: Will common sense become common practice?$$$ Pancreatic cancer is a systemic disease for most patients. Operations with the intent to cure may be done safely (mortality, <3%) with shorter hospital stays. Surgery has been minimally effective as a long-term cure. Endoscopic palliation of jaundice is becoming standard practice. Common sense dictates a defined and clear role for surgery (i.e., strict patient selection criteria). Surgery is of great value for small, localized lesions; of clear value as palliative therapy when nonoperative measures fail; and perhaps best applied after neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy. Surgery is just part of the armamentarium available to treat pancreatic cancer. Novel systemic therapies, including chemotherapy, immunotherapy, and so-called targeted therapies, are becoming increasingly valuable in the management of this systemic disease and are discussed in detail in other articles in this issue. ER  - 
Management of locally advanced adenocarcinoma of the pancreas$$$ Pancreatic cancer is one of the deadliest malignancies and is fatal in more than 95% of affected individuals. For locally advanced disease, the combination of 5-FU and radiation appears to offer the best chance for delaying disease progression. The introduction of gemcitabine into chemoradiotherapy regimens may provide additional improvements in the management of patients. Preoperative therapy has proved feasible but has not shown improvement in overall survival. ER  - 
Intraoperative hyperthermia and chemoradiotherapy for inoperable pancreatic carcinoma.$$$ The aim of this study was to evaluate the tolerability and the possible clinical benefit of intraoperative hyperthermia combined with multischedule chemotherapy and bypass surgery for the palliative treatment of inoperable pancreatic cancer. Ten patients with unresectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreas received preoperative chemotherapy [5-fluorouracil (5-FU)], bypass surgery and postoperative chemotherapy (5-FU, doxorubicin and cisplatin) plus sandostatin and radiotherapy (45 Gy, 25 fractions, 5 days a week). A single session of intraoperative hyperthermia was performed, by using a waveguide-type applicator (433 MHz). The tumour region was heated to 43-45 degrees C for up to 60 min, while 500 mg 5-FU was infused simultaneously through the gastroduodenal into the splenic artery. Postoperative recovery was uneventful for all patients. A brief instrument was developed for evaluating patients' quality of life. Chemotherapy-related toxicity included myelosuppression, vomiting, alopecia and increase in blood urea nitrogen (BUN), creatinine, SGOT and SGPT. Glucose and amylase determinations remained within normal limits throughout the whole treatment. There was a significant improvement before and 1 month after combined treatment in Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) status (1.8 +/- 0.4), Scott-Huskinsson pain scale (3.2 +/- 0.8) and quality of life score (30.5 +/- 6.7). No progressive disease was noticed and the median overall survival was 11 (SE = 2.4) months. There was also a significant (P = 0.002, Wilcoxon test) decrease in values of both serum carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) and carbohydrate antigen (CA19-9), from 7.6 +/- 1.3 ng/mL and 875.7 +/- 104.8 U/mL to 3.5 +/- 0.7 ng/mL and 65.3 +/- 14.1 U/mL respectively. The first clinical results suggest a potential advantage of using combined intraoperative hyperthermia, chemotherapy and postoperative radiotherapy in the palliative treatment of the adenocarcinoma of the pancreas. The whole procedure seems to be free of perioperative morbidity, while the chemotherapy toxicity was rather moderate. However, the preliminary nature limits the general applicability of our results. ER  - 
Advances in positron emission tomography imaging for the GI tract$$$ Conventional imaging modalities are considered in many institutions to be the initial method of choice for the workup of GI diseases, because of their cost-effectiveness and ease of performance. Before the emergence of clinical whole-body PET, the diagnostic workup for staging and restaging of patients with GI tract malignancies consisted of anatomic imaging modalities such as CT, US, and colonoscopy. These techniques are limited in their ability to discriminate reliably between malignant tumor and benign lesions (i.e., differentiating postsurgical anatomic alterations and scarring after radiation from residual or recurrent disease). Accurate staging of GI tract malignancies is important to determine the best therapeutic approach for individual patients. FDG-PET provides important diagnostic information. In particular, a focal increase of FDG uptake seems to be a reason-ably specific sign of malignant tumor. PET-FDG is also indicated for the preoperative staging of GI tumors that appear to be resectable by CT scanning and to clarify any equivocal abnormalities that are present on CT scans. Whole-body PET-FDG imaging has become a useful tool for the detection of most recurrent GI tract malignancies and for determining which patients will benefit from surgery. PET-FDG imaging also seems to be useful in the clarifi-cation of CT-occult metastatic disease, allowing nontherapeutic resection to be avoided. The results of PET-FDG imaging are complementary to other imaging techniques and correlation is essential. Copyright © 2002 by the American Society for Gastrointestinal Endoscopy. ER  - 
What's new in pancreatic cancer treatment?$$$ Pancreatic cancer represents a major challenge to oncologists because of its high chemoresistant nature and dismal outcomes. Conventional therapy for advanced disease relied for a long time on palliative 5-fluorouracil (5-FU)-based chemotherapy, but with unsatisfactory results. The introduction of the novel antimetabolite gemcitabine provides new optimism for patients with advanced pancreatic cancer, as multiple clinical trials have demonstrated the superiority of gemcitabine over 5-FU and other agents for these patients. The benefits of gemcitabine over conventional therapies include improved response rate and enhanced survival, as well as improvement in disease-related symptoms and quality of life in these patients. With these data, gemcitabine is widely accepted worldwide as the therapy of choice by many oncologists for advanced pancreatic cancer. The current review presents an overview of the clinical studies of gemcitabine over the past decade for the treatment of patients with advanced pancreatic cancer. Other investigational regimens or uses (e.g., fixed dose-rate infusion, intraarterial infusion, adjuvant use, chemo-radiation, etc) are also reviewed. ER  - 
Indications for chemotherapy in cancers of the esophagus, stomach and pancreas$$$ During the last years the chemotherapy in osophageal, stomach and pancreatic cancer demonstrated some success. Radiochemotherapy for esophageal cancer is indicated as neoadjuvant therapy before surgery in locally advanced cancer or in patients with other diseases, which do not allow surgery. In stomach cancer patient there is a clear indication for chemotherapy in metastatic disease and within clinical trials as neoadjuvant chemotherapy in locally advanced cancer. In pancreatic cancer patient the chemotherapy shows less success comparing to other gastrointestinal cancer; it is part of the palliative concept with other therapeutic strategies. ER  - 
Preoperative paclitaxel and concurrent rapid-fractionation radiation for resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma: Toxicities, histologic response rates, and event-free outcome$$$ Purpose: To evaluate the toxicity of a preoperative regimen of paclitaxel and concurrent external-beam radiation therapy, pancreaticoduodenectomy, and electron-beam intraoperative radiation therapy (EB-IORT) for patients with resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Patients and Methods: Patients with localized, potentially resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma were treated with 30 Gy external-beam radiation therapy and concomitant weekly 3-hour infusions of paclitaxel (60 mg/m2). Radiographic restaging was performed 4 to 6 weeks after chemoradiation, and patients with localized disease underwent pancreatectomy with EB-IORT. Results: Thirty-five patients completed chemoradiation; 16 (46%) experienced grade 3 toxicity. Four patients (11%) required hospitalization for dehydration due to grade 3 nausea and vomiting. Twenty (80%) of 25 patients who underwent surgery underwent pancreatectomy; EB-IORT was used in 13 patients. There were no histologic complete responses to preoperative therapy; 21% of specimens demonstrated more than 50% nonviable cells (grade 2b treatment effect). With a median follow-up period of 46 months, the 3-year overall survival rate with chemoradiation and pancreatectomy was 28%. Conclusion: Preoperative paclitaxel-based concurrent chemoradiation is feasible. The toxicity of this regimen seems greater than that with fluorouracil. The histologic responses and survival are similar, suggesting no advantages to paclitaxel-based preoperative treatment. © 2002 by American Society of Clinical Oncology. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant treatment of pancreatic cancer: A new approach to improve long-term progress$$$ In order to improve the results of surgery for pancreatic cancer, different adjuvant treatment regimens have been investigated during the last two decades. Three randomized trials on adjuvant chemoradiation have been published leading to controverse results. But, about 25% of the patients never have received any adjuvant therapy due to complicated postoperative course after Whipple's procedure. Early studies using preoperative chemoradiation only included patients with locally advanced, unresectable but non-metastatic pancreatic cancer. Recently, preoperative chemoradiation has been introduced in resectable pancreatic cancer. The major advantage of neoadjuvant treatment is, that all patients receive a combined modality treatment. We introduce a new multimodality approach to resectable pancreatic cancer, which is currently investigated at the University Hospital of Zurich. ER  - 
Guidelines for management of patients with pancreatic cancer$$$ The incidence of pancreatic cancer has fallen during the last ten years in Sweden. Early signs and symptoms of the disease are still undiscovered and when diagnosis is made the disease is incurable in most patients. Transabdominal ultrasonography is the first-line imaging test followed by spiral computed tomography (CT) and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) if required for definite diagnosis. Spiral CT is also the imaging test of choice for assessment of resectability of the tumor. Surgical removal of the tumor is the only chance of cure. Markedly improved hospital mortality after pancreaticoduodenectomy is reported and an association between hospital volume and outcome of the operation has been established. Longterm survival after attempted curative resection continues to be dismal, however. Adjuvant treatment should not be given outside clinical studies. Palliative treatment has improved thanks to progress in the field of endoscopy, interventional radiology and in management of pain and nutrition. Palliative chemotherapy should only be given selectively outside clinical studies. Radiotherapy has no proven effects on survival. Special pancreatic cancer treatment teams with catchment areas of 2-4 million inhabitants are recommended by international authorities. ER  - 
Preoperative chemoradiation in the management of adenocarcinoma of the body of the pancreas.$$$ Adenocarcinoma of the body of the pancreas has been traditionally associated with low resectability and poor prognosis. We reviewed 30 consecutive cases of pancreatic body adenocarcinoma presenting between 1988 and 2001. Twenty-six (87%) patients received preoperative chemotherapy (either 5-fluorouracil with or without mitomycin C or gemcitabine) plus radiation therapy (50.4 Gy), and four patients received chemoradiation postoperatively. During or shortly after chemoradiation 16 (53%) patients developed distant metastasis (n = 12), tumor progression (n = 2), or fatal septic complications (n = 2). Fourteen patients underwent surgical resection with curative intent. Resections performed included distal subtotal pancreatectomies (n = 6), extended pancreaticoduodenectomies (n = 6), and total pancreatectomies (n = 2). Ten patients (71%) required vascular reconstruction as a result of involvement of the portal vein or the superior mesenteric, hepatic arterial, or celiac vessels. Median overall survival was 34 months (range 8-152) for the resected group as compared with 8 months (range 1-14) in the unresected group (P = 0.005). Five-year actuarial overall survival is projected at 45 per cent for the resected group. In this poor-prognostic subset of patients with pancreatic cancer preoperative chemoradiation followed by an aggressive surgical approach was associated with resectability and long-term survival of a significant minority of patients. ER  - 
Localized adenocarcinoma of the pancreas: The rationale for preoperative chemoradiation$$$ Pancreatic adenocarcinoma is the fifth leading cause of cancer-related death in the U.S. In spite of advancements in surgical treatment, nearly 80% of patients thought to have localized pancreatic cancer die of recurrent or metastatic disease when treated with surgery alone. Therefore, efforts to alter the patterns of recurrence and improve survival for patients with pancreatic cancer currently focus on the delivery of systemic therapy and irradiation before or after surgery. Postoperative adjuvant therapy appears to improve median survival. However, more than one-fourth of patients do not complete planned adjuvant therapy due to surgical complications or a delay in postoperative recovery of performance status. Utilizing a preoperative (neoadjuvant) approach, overall treatment time is reduced, a greater proportion of patients receive all components of therapy, and patients with rapidly progressive disease are spared the side effects of surgery as metastatic disease may be found at restaging following chemoradiation (prior to surgery). This paper examines the factors pertinent to clinical trial design for resectable pancreatic cancer, and carefully reviews the existing data supporting adjuvant and neoadjuvant therapy for potentially resectable disease. ER  - 
En bloc resection for locally advanced cancer of the pancreas: is it worthwhile?$$$ The benefit of radical surgical resection of contiguously involved structures for locally advanced pancreatic cancer is unclear. The aim of this study was to examine patient outcome after extended pancreatic resection for locally advanced tumors and to determine if any subset of extended resection affected outcome. We retrospectively reviewed the records of 116 patients with adenocarcinoma of the pancreas, who underwent extirpative pancreatic surgery between 1987 and 2000. Of the 116 patients, 37 (32%) required resection of surrounding structures (group I), and 79 patients (68%) underwent standard pancreatic resections (group II). In all cases, all macroscopic disease was excised. In group I a total of 46 contiguously involved structures were resected: vascular in 25 patients (54%), mesocolon in 16 (35%) (colic vessels in 3, colon in 13), adrenal in three (7%), liver in one (2%), stomach in one (2%) (for a tumor in the tail of the pancreas), and multiple structures in four. Excision of regional blood vessels included the superior mesenteric vein and/or portal vein in 16, hepatic artery in five, and celiac axis in four. No differences between groups I and II were detected for any of the following parameters: age, sex, history of previous operation, estimated blood loss, or hospital stay. For the entire cohort the morbidity and mortality were 38% and 1.7%, respectively, and these rates were similar in the two groups. Adjuvant therapy was administered to more than 90% of patients in both groups. However, patients in group I were more likely to have received neoadjuvant therapy (76% vs. 42%, P = 0.001). Total pancreatectomy and distal pancreatectomy were more often performed in group I (P = 0.005). Additionally, the median operative time was longer (8.5 hours compared to 6.9 hours (P = 0.0004)). Both groups had similar rates of microscopically positive margins and involved lymph nodes, as well as total number of lymph nodes removed. The median survival was 26 months for patients in group I and 16 months for patients in group II (P = 0.08). The median disease-free survival for groups I and II was 16 months and 14 months, respectively (P = 0.88). In comparing patients in group I, who underwent vascular resection vs. mesocolon (colon or middle colic vessels) resection, the median survival was 26 months and 19 months, respectively (P = 0.12). We were unable to detect a difference in outcome for patients with locally advanced cancers requiring extended pancreatic resections compared to patients with standard resections. En bloc resection of involved surrounding structures, to completely extirpate all macroscopic disease, may be of benefit in selected patients with locally advanced disease, particularly when combined with preoperative chemoradiation therapy. ER  - 
Surgical therapy of locally advanced and primary inoperable pancreatic carcinoma after neoadjuvant preoperative radiochemotherapy$$$ INTRODUCTION: So far, surgery represents the only prospect for cure in patients with pancreatic cancer. Most patients, however, present with locally advanced pancreatic cancer at primary diagnosis. Recently, novel therapeutic regimens with preoperative radiochemotherapy have been developed that may improve long-term survival and resectability rates of patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer. METHODS: This feasibility study evaluates the preliminary results of neoadjuvant therapy with gemcitabine and 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) or cisplatin. Twenty-six patients suffering from locally advanced pancreatic cancer were considered for preoperative radiochemotherapy. They received radiation (45 Gy) and chemotherapy with simultaneous or sequential gemcitabine and 5-FU (n = 15) or gemcitabine and cisplatin (n = 11) administration prior to surgical resection. RESULTS: Mean patient age was 62.4 +/- 2.6 years and 62% (n = 16) were male. The response rate was 69%, and 11 patients underwent curative surgical resection of the pancreatic cancer. Nine Whipple procedures and two complete pancreatectomies were carried out. In five patients a total of eight surgical complications were observed. Median overall survival was 9.8 months after primary cancer diagnosis (mean 12.0 +/- 1.2). During follow-up no local recurrent disease was detected. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings lead us to conclude that preoperative chemoradiation with 45 Gy, gemcitabine and 5-FU or cisplatin is a powerful therapeutic tool in patients with locally advanced non-resectable pancreatic cancer. Major resections, including vascular reconstructions, are nonetheless associated with increased mortality. Preoperative chemoradiation contributes to improved survival in patients with primary non-resectable pancreatic cancer. ER  - 
Future directions in the treatment of pancreatic cancer$$$ Fewer than 20% of patients with pancreatic cancer present with disease macroscopically confined to the pancreas, and approximately 40% already have locally advanced disease. Based on data from the Gastrointestinal Tumor Study Group, adjuvant therapy with radiation and 5-fluorouracil has become standard practice in the United States; however, in other countries, adjuvant treatment has not been as widely accepted. Other issues include the potential of neoadjuvant therapy and optimal systemic management. The issue of second-line therapy has also been raised in the treatment of pancreatic carcinoma, after the establishment of gemcitabine as a first-line standard treatment approach, in which it achieves a significant clinical benefit response. Other combination partners with gemcitabine under investigation include the antimetabolite 5-fluorouracil, the topoisomerase-1 inhibitor irinotecan, the taxane docetaxel, the platinum oxaliplatin, the multitargeted antifolate pemetrexed, the farnesyl transferase inhibitor R-1 15777, the anti-HER2/neu antibody trastuzumab, and the epidermal growth factor inhibitor cetuximab. Combined-modality approaches with gemcitabine and radiation are also under active investigation. Copyright 2002, Elsevier Science (USA). All rights reserved. ER  - 
Role of surgery in the treatment of bilio-pancreatic cancer: The European experience$$$ Pancreatic cancer is the eighth most common cancer in Europe, accounting for 4.1% of cancer deaths in men and 4.8% in women. Standardized pancreatoduodenectomy and left pancreatectomy are the gold standard for routine surgical treatment of pancreatic cancer. Total pancreatectomy should be reserved for positive pancreatic resection margins or severe pancreatic anastomotic leak; mesenterico-portal vein resection should be performed only when it is the only reasonable way to obtain clear margins. Extended lymphadenectomies are recommended only in prospective, randomized studies. Ongoing efforts to standardize surgical procedures will facilitate comparison of selection criteria and trial data among different centers, and will also optimize the study design of ongoing/planned prospective trials using adjuvant and neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy in pancreatic cancer. Copyright 2002, Elsevier Science (USA). All rights reserved. ER  - 
Multimodality treatment approaches in pancreatic cancer: Current status and future perspectives$$$ Background: Pancreatic cancer is characterized by early local and systemic spread and low complete resection rates. Patients are highly symptomatic and the sensitivity of the tumour cells towards irradiation and most of the currently available chemotherapeutic agents is low. These factors account for the dismal prognosis. Methods: A critical analysis of adjuvant and neoadjuvant treatment results for resectable pancreatic cancer is presented. Management issues for unresectable pancreatic cancer and novel therapeutic approaches are discussed. Results: Recently, a gradual improvement in results from surgery and in chemotherapeutic efficacy has been observed. The local disease extension and the rapid dissemination call for a multimodality treatment consisting of surgery, if possible, radiotherapy, and efficient systemic chemotherapy both in the (neo)adjuvant setting as well as in locally advanced unresectable tumours. In resectable cancers, neoadjuvant treatment seems preferable, but should be followed within clinical trials. Local chemotherapies or chemoimmunotherapies have provided promising results but must be considered experimental. New cytotoxic agents are used for improved radiosensitization and for better systemic disease control. Their optimal dosage, sequence, and combination with surgery and/or radiotherapy still have to be established. Conclusions: Improvement may be expected from a better understanding of tumour biology, the developing armoury of drugs targeting angiogenesis, oncogene signalling, and metastatic potential as well as from vaccination strategies incorporated into multimodality treatments. Finally, genetic analyses will allow better risk stratification and individualization of treatment options. ER  - 
The feasibility and safety of immunotherapy with dendritic cells loaded with CEA mRNA following neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy and resection of pancreatic cancer$$$ Background. Resected pancreatic cancer has a high risk of recurrence and mortality despite the the use of chemoradiotherapy. Because pancreatic cancers express tumor antigens such as carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA), it may be possible to immunize patients to induce tumor antigen-specific immune responses. We hypothesize that high-frequency tumor antigen-specific immune responses will reduce recurrence and increase survival. Autologous dendritic cells (DCs) loaded with tumor antigens are particularly potent at inducing tumor antigen-specific immune responses. Methods. Three patients with resected pancreatic adenocarcinoma following neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy received autologous, monocyte-derived DCs loaded with the mRNA encoding CEA monthly for 6 mo. Results. It was feasible to generate an adequate number of DC from these patients and to cryopreserve them for repeated use. The DC demonstrated the typical immature phenotype. The immunizations were well-tolerated without evidence of adverse events. All three developed injection site reactivity. All three are alive without evidence of disease at more than 21/2 yr from the original diagnosis. Conclusion. The postoperative period following neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy and pancreaticoduodenectomy for pancreatic cancer is an ideal environment to test novel immune-based therapies. DC-based immunotherapy in this setting is safe and feasible and may lead to prolonged survival. ER  - 
Pretreatment CA 19-9 level as a prognostic factor in patients with advanced pancreatic cancer treated with gemcitabine$$$ Background. Serum levels of CA 19-9 correlate with survival among patients with pancreatic cancer treated with surgery or radiation therapy. In addition, CA 19-9 responses have been shown to predict for a better prognosis among patients with advanced disease treated with chemotherapy. The present study evaluates the predictive role of CA 19-9 pretreatment levels and response among patients treated with gemcitabine. Methods. We retrospectively identified 28 patients with advanced pancreatic cancer and baseline elevations of CA 19-9 (>37 U/mL) who were treated with single agent gemcitabine. CA 19-9 response was defined as a ≥50% decline at any time after treatment. Survival was estimated with the Kaplan-Meier method, and curves were compared with the log-rank test. Results. Eleven patients (39%) had a CA 19-9 response. The median survival of responding patients was longer than that of non-responding patients (13.8 vs 8 mo, p = .0272). When pretreatment CA 19-9 levels were analyzed, patients who had CA 19-9 below the median for the entire sample (1212 U/mL) lived significantly longer than patients with a CA 19-9 above the median (14.9 vs 7.4 mo, p = .0013). On multi-variable analysis, pretreatment CA 19-9 level was an independent, and stronger predictor of survival (p = .0005) than CA 19-9 response (p = .0497). Other variables were not associated with survival. Conclusions. CA 19-9 may be a useful adjunct to response evaluation is this setting. In addition to CA 19-9 responses, prechemotherapy levels of this marker seem to have strong prognostic significance. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant chemoradiation for localized adenocarcinoma of the pancreas$$$ Background: The use of neoadjuvant (preoperative) chemoradiotherapy (CRT) for pancreatic cancer has been advocated for its potential ability to optimize patient selection for surgical resection and to downstage locally advanced tumors. This article reports our experience with neoadjuvant CRT for localized pancreatic cancer. Methods: Since 1995, 111 patients with radiographically localized, pathologically confirmed pancreatic adenocarcinoma have received neoadjuvant external beam radiation therapy (EBRT; median, 4500 cGy) with 5-flourouracil-based chemotherapy. Tumors were defined as potentially resectable (PR, n = 53) in the absence of arterial involvement and venous occlusion and locally advanced (LA, n = 58) with arterial involvement or venous occlusion by CT. Results: Five patients (4.5%) were not restaged due to death (n = 3) or intolerance of therapy (n = 2). Twenty-one patients (19%) manifested distant metastatic disease on restaging CT. Twenty eight patients with initially PR tumors (53%) and 11 patients with initially LA tumors (19%) were resected after CRT. Histologic examination revealed significant fibrosis in all resected specimens and two complete responses. Surgical margins were negative in 72%, and lymph nodes were negative in 70% of resected patients. Median survival in resected patients has not been reached at a median follow-up of 16 months. Conclusions: Neoadjuvant CRT provided an opportunity for patients with occult metastatic disease to avoid the morbidity of resection and resulted in tumor downstaging in a minority of patients with LA tumors. Survival after neoadjuvant CRT and resection appears to be at least comparable to survival after resection and adjuvant (postoperative) CRT. ER  - 
Trends in treatment for pancreatic cancer.$$$ Although surgical resection is considered to be the only approach that offers a possibility of cure to patients with pancreatic cancer, the prognosis of the disease has not been improved markedly by any surgical procedures in the past 20 years. Large-scale randomized prospective clinical trials are being conducted in the United States and Italy, comparing standard lymph node dissection with extended lymph node dissection. Although preoperative chemoradiation has various advantages in the treatment of pancreatic cancer, it does not contribute to its downstaging and eventual cure. The combination of leucovorin, 5-fluorouracil (5-FU), and extracorporeal irradiation, however, has been proven to improve the patient's quality of life (QOL). Palliative surgery still requires further research in areas such as the examination of morbidity rates and the duration of bypass effects, now that laparoscopic and endoscopic surgery have both been well developed. Recent biological research has revealed the mechanisms of the carcinogenesis and the progression of pancreatic cancer, and, against this background, we assume that more effective trials will be conducted soon. Immunotherapy with dendritic cells, as well as gene therapy with mutant adenovirus, has already been employed clinically. Pancreatic cancer therapy is now facing new prospects. ER  - 
Cytoreductive surgery combined with intraoperative chemo-hyperthermia and postoperative radiotherapy in the management of advanced pancreatic adenocarcinoma: feasibility aspects and efficacy.$$$ BACKGROUND/PURPOSE: The aim of our study was to evaluate the feasibility and the efficacy of cytoreductive surgery (CS) with intraoperative chemo-hyperthermia in the management of advanced stage IVA (T4N0M0) pancreatic cancer. METHODS: From August 1995 through March 1996, seven patients with unresectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreas underwent CS, with preoperative chemotherapy (5-fluorouracil [FU] for 96 h), plus 45-Gy external beam postoperative irradiation with a 6-MeV linear accelerator (1.8 Gy per fraction, 5 days per week). A single session of intraoperative hyperthermia was performed with a waveguide-type applicator operating at 433 MHz, and temperature was measured by inserting a flexiguide needle catheter carrying a thermometry probe with three measuring points into the tumor. The tumor region was heated to 43 degrees C-45 degrees C for up to 60 min, while 5-FU 500 mg was injected simultaneously through the gastroduodenal artery into the splenic artery (intraoperative regional chemotherapy). RESULTS: Postoperative recovery was uneventful for all patients. After the combined treatment, there was a significant decrease in the values of both serum carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA; P = 0.017, Wilcoxon test) and carbohydrate antigen (CA)19-9 ( P = 0.016; Wilcoxon test), from 7.6 +/- 1.5 ng/ml CEA and 869.6 +/- 126.9 U/ml CA to 3.5 +/- 0.8 ng/ml CEA and 104.7 +/- 35.4 U/ml CA19-9. Moreover, there was a significant improvement ( P = 0.016; Wilcoxon test) in Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status, pain score, and body mass index. The median overall survival was 18.5 (SE, 1.8) months. CONCLUSIONS: Our preliminary clinical results suggest the tolerability and the considerable potential advantage of using cytoreductive resection with preoperative chemotherapy, intraoperative chemo-hyperthermia, and external beam postoperative radiotherapy for the management of advanced adenocarcinoma of the pancreas. ER  - 
Induction chemotherapy: To downgrade aggressive cancers to improve curability by surgery and/or radiotherapy$$$ Induction chemotherapy can be effective in reducing locally advanced or aggressive cancers to improve their prospects of cure by planned follow-up surgery and/or radiotherapy. Systemic (intravenous) delivery is the simplest and most readily available method of administering induction chemotherapy. In some situations, a greater chemotherapy impact can be achieved by delivering a more concentrated dose of effective anti-cancer agents into the arterial blood supply of the cancer. Intra-arterial (i.a.) chemotherapy may or may not be advantageous. To achieve an advantage, the tumour must be fully contained in tissue supplied by one or more arteries that can be effectively cannulated and infused. The cancer must also be one known to respond better to concentrated chemotherapy and the agents used must be effective in the state in which they are delivered. The advantages must outweigh the likely increased risks of regional toxicity and experienced personnel and appropriate specialized equipment must be available to reduce any risk of mistakes made by the more exacting techniques of delivery. In general, systemic chemotherapy is most appropriate in treating tumours without a single artery of supply; when certain agents that are inactive until modified in body tissues (such as cyclophosphamide or DTIC) are to be used; when satisfactory responses can be achieved safely and more easily by systemic delivery; when technical skills and facilities for regional delivery are not available; or when the patient's general health, poor co-operation or long-term prognosis precludes the additional complexity of regional delivery. Intra-arterial infusion may have advantages in treating some locally advanced malignancies in the head and neck, a limb, some invasive stomach cancers and some breast cancers. Primary and some metastatic liver cancers, some pelvic cancers and possibly pancreatic malignancies may also respond well to initial direct chemotherapy infusion and are the subject of several studies. Closed circuit perfusion (Creech-Krementz), chemofiltration infusion and 'stop-flow' perfusion (Aigner) and regional limb infusion (Thompson) are more complex techniques aimed at even greater localized initial tissue chemotherapy concentrations over a short time span. These are the subject of ongoing studies in highly specialized units. Their use is designed to achieve tumour responses in treating such malignancies as melanoma, some sarcomas or pancreatic cancer that usually show a poor response to standard systemic chemotherapy. © 2001 Harcourt Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Target volumes in gastric cancer radiation therapy$$$ The spread of gastric adenocarcinoma may follow three main patterns: hematogenic, lymphatic and intraperitoneal. A GTV should be considered in preoperative or exclusive radiation therapy. After non-radical surgery, a »residual GTV« will be defined with the help of the surgeon. The CTV encompasses three intricated volumes. a) A »tumor bed« volume. After radical surgery, local recurrences appear as frequent as distant metastases. The risk depends upon the depth of parietal invasion and the nodal status. Parietal infiltration may extend beyond macroscopic limits of the tumor, especially in »linitis plastica«. Therefore this volume will include: the tumor and the remaining stomach or their »bed of resection«, a part of the transverse colon, the duodenum, the pancreas and the troncus of the portal vein. In postoperative RT, this CTV also includes the jejuno-gastric or jejuno-esophageal anastomosis. b) A peritoneal volume. For practical purposes, two degrees of spread must be considered: (1) contiguous microscopic extension from deeply invasive T3 and T4 tumors, that remain amenable to local sterilization with doses of 45-50 Gy, delivered in a CTV including the peritoneal cavity at the level of the gastric bed, and under the parietal incision; (2) true »peritoneal carcinomatosis«, with widespread seeds, where chemotherapy (systemic or intraperitoneal) is more appropriate. c) A lymphatic volume including the lymph node groups 1 to 16 of the Japanese classification. This volume must encompass the hepatic pedicle and the splenic hilum. In proximal tumors, it is possible to restrict the lower part of the CTV to the lymphatic volume, and therefore to avoid irradiation of large intestinal and renal volumes. In distal and proximal tumors, involvement of resection margins is of poor prognosis - a radiation boost must be delivered at this level. The CTV in tumors of the cardia should encompass the lower part of the thoracic esophagus and the corresponding posterior mediastinum. In tumors invading the distal esophagus, a more complete coverage of mediastinal lymph nodes should be considered, especially in patients in good general condition. In tumors of the gastric fundus, most of the left hemidiaphragm should be included, as well as the spleen and its hilum (or their resection bed). In proximal tumors without involvement of the lesser curvature, a full coverage of the hepatic pedicle is not necessary. In contrast, for distal tumors, the hepatic pedicle and the hepatoduodenal ligament should be included whereas the splenic area could be spared. Conclusion. - Planning the treatment of gastric cancer remains difficult; target volumes must be customized by experienced radiation oncologists according to tumoral and clinical situation. © 2001 Éditions scientifiques et médicales Elsevier SAS. ER  - 
Staging of pancreatic cancer before and after neoadjuvant chemoradiation.$$$ Neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy is used at many institutions for treatment of localized adenocarcinoma of the pancreas. Accurate staging before neoadjuvant therapy identifies patients with distant metastatic disease, and restaging after neoadjuvant therapy selects patients for laparotomy and attempted resection. The aims of this study were to (1) determine the utility of staging laparoscopy in candidates for neoadjuvant therapy and (2) evaluate the accuracy of restaging CT following chemoradiation. Staging laparoscopy was performed in 98 patients with radiographically potentially resectable (no evidence of arterial abutment or venous occlusion) or locally advanced (arterial abutment or venous occlusion) adenocarcinoma of the pancreas. Unsuspected distant metastasis was identified in 8 (18%) of 45 patients with potentially resectable tumors and 13 (24%) of 55 patients with locally advanced tumors by CT. Neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy and restaging CT were completed in a total of 103 patients. Thirty-three patients with potentially resectable tumors by restaging CT underwent surgical exploration and resections were performed in 27 (82%). Eleven (22%) of 49 patients with locally advanced tumors by restaging CT were resected, with negative margins in 55%; the tumors in these 11 patients had been considered locally advanced because of arterial involvement on restaging CT. Staging laparoscopy is useful for the exclusion of patients with unsuspected metastatic disease from aggressive neoadjuvant chemoradiation protocols. Following neoadjuvant chemoradiation, restaging CT guides the selection of patients for laparotomy but may overestimate unresectability to a greater extent than does prechemoradiation CT. ER  - 
Frantz's solid cystic papillary pancreatic carcinoma$$$ The authors report their own case of a young woman recently operated for a rare form of pancreatic tumor of exocrine origin, so-called "Frantz's solid-cystic-papillary carcinoma", for which only a little more than 300 cases have been reported in the world literature. The authors discuss the pathogenesis (it is possible that Frantz's tumor is related to female sex hormones that may play a role in its growth but not in its genesis), clinical (the presentation is not specific and, despite the aid of modern diagnostic imaging, the preoperative diagnosis may be very difficult and this unusual tumor should be considered in the differential diagnosis of large abdominal masses, especially in young females), histological, radiological and surgical features of this tumor. The recommended treatment, given the low grade of malignancy of the tumor and the excellent overall prognosis, has to be as conservative as possible, with respect to the oncological radicality, but every attempt should be made for complete excision since surgical curability is high and radio-chemotherapy is of no use for its treatment. Since regrowth of the tumor may occur, prolonged follow-up is mandatory. ER  - 
Role of the tumor markers CA 19-9 and carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) in diagnosis, treatment and prognosis of pancreatic cancer$$$ The investigation was concerned with diagnostic sensitivity, specificity and effectiveness of assay of CA 19-9 and carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) in the choice of treatment modality and evaluation of therapy pancreatic carcinoma (PC). Either marker has been studied in 685 examinations for PC, 68--chronic pseudotumorous pancreatitis and 24--intestinal cancer at other sites since 1995. Tumor resection for PC was carried out in 31; conservative treatment--67; chemotherapy--56 and radiotherapy--in 29 cases. In CA 19-9 examinations, diagnostic sensitivity was 90.2; specificity--72.1 and effectiveness--85.3%, while in CEA determinations, 82.5; 30.9 and 68.5%, respectively. CA 19-9 and CEA levels proved to be prognostic factors of survival. An inverse correlation was observed between median survival and tumor marker concentrations: higher basal (preoperative) level of marker in blood was matched by lower median survival. A similar relationship was identified for CEA: 5-10--14.2 months; 10.1-20 ng/ml--8.0 months; 20.1-30 ng/ml--3.9 months, and more than 30 ng/ml--4.8 months. There was a direct correlation between CA 19-9 level and tumor stage. The dynamics of tumor markers, particularly, CA 19-9 correlated with treatment effectiveness during its course. ER  - 
The mayo clinic approach to the surgical treatment of adenocarcinoma of the pancreas$$$ Ductal carcinoma of the pancreas remains a challenging problem for gastrointestinal surgeons. Significant progress has been made in diagnosis, preoperative staging, and safety of surgery; however, long-term survival after resection is unusual, and cure is rare. That said, the authors maintain their aggressive posture regarding this disease, recognizing that resection offers the only potential for cure. The authors' approach such patients in the most efficient and least invasive manner possible, relying primarily on triple phase helical abdominal CT for clinical diagnosis and staging, reserving ERCP and EUS for diagnostic dilemmas. In fit candidates with potentially resectable lesions, the authors eschew pre- or intraoperative biopsy, angiography, or endoscopic stenting and use preliminary limited staging laparoscopy selectively. Surgical palliation is chosen for fit patients who, at exploration for potentially curative resection, are found to have occult distant metastases or locally unresectable disease. Radical pancreatoduodenectomy can be performed with a mortality rate of 3% or less, and although morbidity remains significant, most can be managed with conservative measures. Quality of life after pancreatoduodenectomy is good and, if not, is generally a manifestation of recurrence rather than physiologic alterations inherent to the procedure. Adjuvant chemoradiation is standard therapy after resection, recommended for those with locally unresectable disease but used selectively for those with distant metastasis. Survival after potentially curative resection has remained disappointing. Whether extended lymphadenectomy or neoadjuvant chemoradiation improves survival has not been determined. Clearly, methods for earlier diagnosis of pancreatic cancer and more effective adjuvant therapies are sorely needed. ER  - 
Commentary: Preoperative chemoradiation therapy for pancreatic cancer$$$ The authors present a critique of a fellow surgeon's version of multimodality therapy for patients with adenocarcinoma of the pancreas. Citing follow-up studies, the authors prescribe adjustments in therapeutic specifics to foster a more efficient approach to patients that results in lower toxicity and shorter treatment periods. ER  - 
Pancreatoblastoma in childhood: Clinical course and therapeutic management of seven patients$$$ Background. To analyze the clinical course of pancreatoblastoma in children and to propose management and therapy. Procedure. Retrospective review of seven cases of pancreatoblastoma treated in France over a 20-year period and literature review. Results. Median age of patients was 6 years. The tumor was well encapsulated in one patient and had direct extension to adjacent tissues in two others. Three patients had regional lymph node involvement and one had liver metastases. The tumor arose in the head of the pancreas in three children, in the tail and body in two and in the tail and in the body, one each. Elevation of AFP serum levels was noted in four out of 6 cases. Five tumor resections were performed, one initially and 4 after neoadjuvant chemotherapy, and cisplatin plus doxorubicin seemed effective. Two chidren received post-operative irradiation because of incomplete resection. In all, four children are disease free with a median follow-up of 50 months (range, 5-120 months): one had a complete removal of tumor at diagnosis and no further treatment, three had unresectable tumor at diagnosis and received neoadjuvant chemotherapy with cisplatin and doxorubicin. One of them also received post-operative irradiation. Conclusions. Pancreatoblastoma is a curable tumor. Examination of serum AFP levels may be useful for diagnosis and to follow the course of the disease. Complete resection is the treatment of choice. However, tumor is often unresectable at diagnosis and preoperative chemotherapy is needed to reduce tumor volume. We suggest a regimen that include cisplatin and doxorubicin. In patients with incompletely resected disease, postoperative radiation may be indicated. © 2001 Wiley-Liss, Inc. ER  - 
Insulinoma: Diagnostic strategies and surgical treatment. A 22-year experience$$$ Background/Aims: The efficacy of preoperative localization methods and the results of the surgical treatment of insulinoma were studied. Methodology: Fifty-nine patients referred for surgical treatment were studied and the results of the diagnostic tools for tumor localization were compared with findings at surgical intervention. The influence of the type of surgical procedure in the immediate and late postoperative course was also studied. Results: Ultrasonography had a sensitivity of 30%, computed tomography 25%, angiography 54%, portal vein sampling 94%, endoscopic ultrasonography 27% and magnetic resonance 17%. Intraoperative palpation localized 98.2% of the tumors and by the addition of intraoperative echography, all lesions were identified. In 55 patients with benign lesions, 22 enucleations, 25 distal pancreatectomies, 7 pancreatectomies plus enucleation and one duodenopancreatectomy were performed. Malignant tumors were treated by pancreatic resection, postoperative hepatic artery embolization and systemic chemotherapy. There was no postoperative mortality. Pancreatic fistula was the most common complication. Three patients who underwent distal pancreatectomy developed late diabetes (9.3%). Conclusions: Extensive preoperative investigation, mainly with invasive methods, is not indicated and by combining intraoperative palpation and echography most of the cases can be adequately dealt with. Preservation of pancreatic tissue with enucleation and preservation of the spleen are the best choice for treatment of benign insulinomas. ER  - 
Adjuvant therapy for noncolorectal cancers$$$ Cancers of the esophagus, stomach, and pancreas account for 11% of American cancer deaths and have a high case fatality rate. For esophageal cancer, the superiority of chemoradiotherapy rather than radiotherapy alone as a nonsurgical management was reaffirmed by a large pattern-of-care study in the United States. The study of preoperative chemoradiotherapy followed by surgery continues, with the investigation of newer chemotherapeutic agents combined with radiotherapy in an attempt to improve the therapeutic index of therapy. Trials attempting to intensify chemoradiotherapy treatments have included the addition of postoperative chemotherapy, the addition of brachytherapy, and the escalation of radiotherapy dose above the standard dose of 50.4 Gy. Neither brachytherapy nor an increase in external beam radiotherapy dose has been proven to improve local tumor control or patient survival. Adjuvant chemotherapy alone may have an impact on patient survival in one preliminary report, despite the results of earlier trials that failed to show a benefit for adjuvant chemotherapy alone. In the adjuvant treatment of gastric cancer, a meta-analysis of adjuvant chemotherapy trials suggested a survival benefit for adjuvant chemotherapy compared with surgery alone; however, preliminary reports of two large adjuvant chemotherapy trials using cisplatin-based chemotherapy failed to improve survival compared with surgery alone. The large Intergroup Trial 116, comparing surgery alone to surgery followed by postoperative fluorouracil, leucovorin, and radiotherapy, indicated a significant survival benefit for postoperative chemoradiotherapy. Postoperative chemoradiotherapy is the new standard of care for high-risk resected gastric cancer. Ongoing and future trials will address the inclusion of newer chemotherapeutic agents, the use of preoperative chemotherapy and radiotherapy, and the use of intraperitoneal therapy. In the adjuvant treatment of pancreatic cancer, clinical trials continue to evaluate the role of fluorouracil and radiotherapy, the use of preoperative chemoradiotherapy, and the incorporation of new therapeutic agents. © 2001 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc. ER  - 
Multimodality management of localized pancreatic cancer.$$$ Despite improvements in surgical management, only a minority of patients enjoy long-term survival following pancreaticoduodenectomy for adenocarcinoma of the pancreas. Adjuvant therapy consisting of 5-fluorouracil and irradiation has improved median and 5-year survival rates; however, at least one third of eligible patients do not receive postoperative adjuvant therapy because of delayed recovery following pancreaticoduodenectomy. This has led to the development of treatment schedules incorporating the delivery of systemic therapy and/or chemoradiation prior to surgery. This article briefly outlines the history of adjuvant therapy for adenocarcinoma of the pancreas and reviews the available literature on neoadjuvant therapy for localized pancreatic cancer including investigational therapies under clinical trial evaluation. ER  - 
Role of angiographic techniques in the preoperative staging and management of gastrointestinal neoplasms$$$ Gastrointestinal neoplasms are very common diseases, and their management does not usually require angiography for diagnostic and staging purposes. However, angiography may be required for further refinements in staging of vascular involvement or to obtain a detailed preoperative anatomy of the vessels. Finally, angiographic techniques may be useful for palliative or preoperative locoregional chemotherapy, and to treat hemorrhagic complications. This article reviews the capabilities and limits of angiographic techniques in the assessment and management of tumors of the alimentary tract. © 2001 Wiley-Liss, Inc. ER  - 
Hepatic metastases of gastroenteropancreatic neuroendocrine tumors: Safe hepatic surgery$$$ Liver metastases of neuroendocrine tumors are usually slow-growing, and cytoreductive hepatectomy can help reduce the effects of endocrinopathies and increase life expectancy and symptom-free survival. However, it has yet to be fully investigated how hepatectomy for metastatic neuroendocrine tumors can be performed safely. Here we report the results of 13 patients with neuroendocrine liver metastases operated on in our institution and those of a French multicentric study that included 131 patients. Preoperative patient selection and appropriate surgical technique, sometimes combined with preoperative portal embolization and local tumor destruction (radiofrequency and cryotherapy), may increase the resectability and the safety of the procedure. The mortality rate after hepatectomy was 0% (2.3% in the French study); the 3- and 6-year survival rates were 91% and 68%, respectively, in our institution (the mean survival time was 66 months in the French multicentric survey). Significant prolonged survival with complete palliation of symptoms can be obtained after liver metastases resection with low mortality. ER  - 
Prognostic parameters determining survival in pancreatic carcinoma and, in particular, after palliative treatment$$$ Prognosis and outcome of patients with pancreatic carcinoma is poor. The aim of the study was to investigate (1) which factors of medical history and clinical status as well as which laboratory parameters determine survival in pancreatic carcinoma and (2) whether specific data can be used as prognostic parameters or for early diagnosis of pancreatic carcinoma. In total, 287 patients with pancreatic carcinoma were enrolled in the study. In 193 subjects, only palliative treatment was possible. Survival was assessed using univariate survival probability curves by Kaplan-Meier. Comparison of patient groups with regard to survival was achieved using the log-rank test. Multivariate analysis was carried out using the Cox regression model. Overall, 22 factors, showing a significant impact on survival in pancreatic carcinoma were found, e.g., tumor-associated factors such as (1) tumor stage according to the UICC classification including TNM-based staging, grading, tumor site, and vascular infiltration; (2) preoperative habits and signs and symptoms (physical condition, pain, loss of appetite, ethanol consumption); (3) change of laboratory parameters (CA 19-9, bilirubin, prothrombin time, urea, C-reactive protein), and (4) type of intervention (surgical approach, R0/1/2 resection). Using multivariate analysis, seven factors (UICC tumor stage and site, surgical intervention including number of resected lymph nodes, chemotherapy, occurence of a carcinoma in relatives, preoperative physical condition, night sweat) were determined. In the 193 patients with palliative treatment, only ten factors (among them UICC tumor stage including the presence of metastases; data from the medical history such as physical condition, loss of appetite, and carcinoma in relatives, and laboratory parameters including prothrombin time, protein content, and aspartate aminotransferase levels) were found to be important. Chemotherapy had the strongest impact on survival which was confirmed by multivariate analysis, followed by tumor stage (UICC) and preoperative appetite. Besides tumor-associated determinants, data from the medical history, and pathological laboratory parameters, the prognosis in pancreatic carcinoma is considerably determined by the treatment such as interventional and/or using antineoplastic agents. Copyright © 2001 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant strategies for pancreatic cancer.$$$ Recent prospective and retrospective data suggest that the use of multimodality therapy combining pancreaticoduodenectomy with postoperative adjuvant chemotherapy (fluorouracil) and external-beam radiation therapy maximizes local tumor control and improves the length of survival in pancreatic cancer patients, compared with surgery alone. Since postoperative chemoradiation is often delayed in these patients due to the morbidity and prolonged recovery time associated with surgery, investigators are assessing the efficacy of administering chemoradiation before pancreaticoduodenectomy in patients with potentially resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma. When given prior to surgery, chemoradiation is not delayed and patients found to have disease progression after chemoradiation are not subjected to an unnecessary laparotomy. ER  - 
Intra-operative radiation therapy in tumors of the digestive tract$$$ All the retrospective and prospective studies concerning IORT in tumors of the digestive tract tend to substantiate a significant improvement in local control without a significant increase in survival. Improvements in the results of IORT can be expected in the near future, and may occur on several fronts: - Technological improvements: advances in the development of IORT machines, with the construction of electron accelerators specifically designed for IORT; greater precision in the systems of collimation (asymmetric collimator, multiple leaves, computerization of the control of collimation); and increased adaptability of the localizers to each clinical situation and to each patients. - Increase in the biological effects of IORT: determination of the exact role of IORT in relation to other therapeutic methods, its integration into the global therapeutic strategy for cancer, and the optimization of IORT doses should all be studied in phase II and III trials. Interesting results are expected from the combination of different methods of preoperative, intraoperative, and postoperative radiotherapy with chemotherapy; the cumulative effect of radiosensitization and cytotoxicity can bring about both local control and treatment of the general disease. In addition, the combination of hypoxic cell radio-sensitizers and IORT, a source of important cellular hypoxia as a result of single doses, appears promising. - Lastly, randomized studies in a larger number of patients with objectives and methodologies to be perfected will document the actual contribution of IORT to an increase in survival as part of an overall treatment strategy for digestive tumors. At present, the prognosis remains significantly related to systemic metastatic evolution; this can only be influenced by chemotherapy, whose efficacy remains to be demonstrated. As means for better control of systemic disease are discovered, the clear benefits of local control via IORT will assume increased importance. ER  - 
Curative resection of advanced gastric cancer responding to preoperative chemotherapy--a case report$$$ A 56-year-old male was admitted for treatment of advanced gastric cancer. The patient was diagnosed as having an unresectable advanced gastric cancer because cancer cells had invaded the pancreas head and there were metastatic lymph nodes. The patient underwent preoperative chemotherapy (FLEP: intra-arterial infusion of CDDP, ETP and intravenous infusion of 5-FU, LV). The primary tumor and metastatic lymph nodes were reduced by three course of chemotherapy. The patient underwent curative resection and survived without recurrence for 14 months after operation. Preoperative chemotherapy using FLEP was performed in 15 patients with unresectable primary advanced gastric cancer. This therapy resulted in significantly higher survival times. In conclusion, FLEP has been shown to be effective for unresectable advanced gastric cancer. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant, adjuvant, and palliative treatment of pancreatic cancer.$$$ Pancreatic cancer remains a highly malignant disease. Curative treatment is only possible for patients diagnosed at a very early stage. Therefore, the vast majority of pancreatic cancer patients receive palliative treatment. Surgical palliation is offered to patients who are found not to have a resectable tumor. The treatment of obstructive jaundice is managed by stenting of the common bile duct or by a surgical bypass. The best possible surgical procedure should be based on the factors that influence hospital mortality, length of survival, and quality of life. In patients with a life expectancy of longer than 3 months, surgical bypass is recommended, with hepaticojejunostomy the treatment of choice. In the same surgical procedure, the relief of duodenal obstruction with a gastroenteric bypass should be achieved. Chemotherapy, radiotherapy, or a combination of both is employed as a neoadjuvant measure, as an adjuvant treatment, or, in most patients, as palliation. As palliative chemotherapy alone, 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) plus folinic acid is still the treatment of choice; however, newer drugs, such as gemcitabine, seem to have similar or marginally better results. Palliative radiochemotherapy with external-beam radiation plus 5-FU and folinic acid seems to lead to better local control of tumor progression but not to better survival, for which distant metastases are the limiting factor. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy for adenocarcinoma of the pancreas: Treatment variables and survival duration$$$ Background: For patients with potentially resectable pancreatic cancer, the poor outcome associated with resection alone and the survival advantage demonstrated for combined-modality therapy have stimulated interest in preoperative chemoradiotherapy. The goal of this study was to analyze the effects of different preoperative chemoradiotherapy schedules, intraoperative radiation therapy, patient factors, and histopathologic variables on survival duration and patterns of treatment failure in patients who underwent pancreaticoduodenectomy for adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head. Methods: Data on 132 consecutive patients who received preoperative chemoradiation followed by pancreaticoduodenectomy for adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head between June 1990 and June 1999 were retrieved from a prospective pancreatic tumor database. Patients received either 45.0 or 50.4 Gy radiation at 1.8 Gy per fraction in 28 fractions or 30.0 Gy at 3.0 Gy per fraction in 10 fractions with concomitant infusional chemotherapy (5-fluorouracil, paclitaxel, or gemcitabine). If restaging studies demonstrated no evidence of disease progression, patients underwent pancreaticoduodenectomy. All patients were evaluated with serial postoperative computed tomography scans to document first sites of tumor recurrence. Results: The overall median survival from the time of tissue diagnosis was 21 months (range 19-26, 95%Cl). At last follow-up, 41 patients (31%) were alive with no clinical or radiographic evidence of disease. The survival duration was superior for women (P = .04) and for patients with no evidence of lymph node metastasis (P = .03). There was no difference in survival duration associated with patient age, dose of preoperative radiation therapy, the delivery of intraoperative radiotherapy, tumor grade, tumor size, retroperitoneal margin status, or the histologic grade of chemoradiation treatment effect. Conclusion: This analysis supports prior studies which suggest that the survival duration of patients with potentially resectable pancreatic cancer is maximized by the combination of chemoradiation and pancreaticoduodenectomy. Furthermore, there was no difference in survival duration between patients who received the less toxic rapid-fractionation chemoradiotherapy schedule (30 Gy, 2 weeks) and those who received standard-fractionation chemoradiotherapy (50.4 Gy, 5.5 weeks). Short-course rapid-fractionation preoperative chemoradiotherapy combined with pancreaticoduodenectomy, when performed on accurately staged patients, maximizes survival duration and is associated with a low incidence of local tumor recurrence. ER  - 
Selection criteria for hepatectomy in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma and portal vein tumor thrombus$$$ Objective: To examine the usefulness of the authors' method involving preoperative transcatheter arterial chemoembolization followed by hepatectomy. Summary Background Data: The presence of portal vein tumor thrombus in a patient with hepatocellular carcinoma is one of the most significant factors for a poor prognosis. No standard therapy has been established. Methods: Forty-five of 455 patients with hepatocellular carcinoma (10%) from 1989 to 1998 were included in this study. These patients had gross portal vein tumor thrombus but no distant metastases. The 23 patients (50%) who had indications for surgery received preoperative transcatheter arterial chemoembolization: 18 underwent hepatic resection and 5 underwent ligation of the hepatic artery or portal vein on laparotomy. Among the remaining 22 patients who did not have indications for hepatectomy, 10 received regional chemotherapy and 12 underwent transcatheter arterial chemoembolization. Results: The mean duration of survival was 3.4 ± 2.7 years in the 18 patients who received transcatheter arterial chemoembolization and hepatectomy and 0.36 ± 0.26 years in the 27 patients who did not receive hepatectomy. The survival rate of the 18 patients who received hepatic resection with preoperative transcatheter arterial chemoembolization was 82% at 1 year, 42% at 3 years, and 42% at 5 years. Portal trunk occlusion by tumor thrombus, three or more primary nodules, an indocyanine green retention rate at 15 minutes of 20% or worse, and therapeutic choice other than hepatectomy were significant predictors of a poor prognosis on univariate analysis. Hepatectomy was the only factor that was significant on multivariate analysis. Conclusions: Patients may enjoy long-term survival if they receive hepatectomy with preoperative transcatheter arterial chemoembolization, when the number of primary nodules is no more than two, the portal trunk is not occluded by tumor thrombus, and the indocyanine green retention rate at 15 minutes is better than 20%. ER  - 
Effect of preoperative chemoradiotherapy on surgical margin status of resected adenocarcinoma of the head of the pancreas.$$$ We examined the effect of preoperative chemoradiotherapy on the ability to obtain pathologically negative resection margins in patients undergoing pancreaticoduodenectomy for adenocarcinoma of the head of the pancreas. Between 1987 and 2000, 100 patients underwent Whipple resection with curative intent for primary adenocarcinoma of the head of the pancreas. Pathologic assessment of six margins (proximal and distal superior mesenteric artery, proximal and distal superior mesenteric vein, pancreas, retroperitoneum, common bile duct, and hepatic artery) was undertaken by either frozen section (pancreas and common duct) or permanent section. A margin was considered positive if tumor was present less than 1 mm from the inked specimen. Margins noted to be positive on frozen section were resected whenever possible. Of the 100 patients treated, 47 (47%) underwent postoperative radiation and chemotherapy (group I) and 53 (53%) received preoperative chemoradiotherapy (group II) with either 5-fluorouracil (32 patients) or gemcitabine (21 patients). Patient demographics and operative parameters were similar in the two groups, with the exception of preoperative tumor size (CT scan), which was greater in group II (P < 0.001), and number of previous operations, which was greater in group II (P < 0.0001). Statistical analysis of the number of negative surgical margins clear of tumor was performed using Fisher's exact test. All patients (100%) had six margins assessed for microscopic involvement with tumor. In the preoperative therapy group, 5 (7.5%) of 53 patients had more than one positive margin, whereas 21 (44.7%) of 47 patients without preoperative therapy had more than one margin with disease extension (P < 0.001). Additionally, only 11 (25.6%) of the 47 patients without preoperative therapy had six negative margins vs. 27 (50.9%) of 53 in the group receiving preoperative therapy (P = 0.013). Survival analysis reveals a significant increase in survival in margin-negative patients (P = 0.02). Similarly, a strong trend toward improved disease-free and overall survival is seen in patients with a single positive margin vs. multiple margins. Overall, we find a negative impact on survival with an increasing number of positive margins (P = 0.025, hazard ratio 1.3). When stratified for individual margin status, survival was decreased in patients with positive superior mesenteric artery (P = 0.06) and vein (P = 0.04) margins. However, this has not yet resulted in a significant increase in disease-free or overall survival for patients receiving preoperative therapy (P = 0.07). ER  - 
UFT® plus oral leucovorin calcium (Orzel™) and radiation in combined modality therapy: A comprehensive review$$$ 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) has become the most commonly used drug in combination with radiation therapy. The recent availability of oral formulations of 5-FU in conjunction with the ability to modulate the anabolic and catabolic metabolism of 5-FU with leucovorin and dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase (DPD) inhibitors, respectively, may provide a substantial improvement in the ease of administration and the efficacy of fluoropyrimidine therapy. Several oral fluoropyrimidines are under investigation. UFT (uracil:tegafur) plus oral leucovorin (Orzel™) is the first oral DPD-inhibitory fluoropyrimidine. With daily administration, Orzel achieves similar concentrations of 5-FU obtained with continuous-infusion 5-FU. This paper summarizes the therapeutic rationale for Orzel and reviews the clinical experience with UFT and UFT/LV in combined modality therapy regimens. ER  - 
Adjuvant therapy in pancreatic cancer$$$ The outlook for patients with pancreatic cancer has been grim. There have been major advances in the surgical treatment of pancreatic cancer, leading to a dramatic reduction in post-operative mortality from the development of high volume specialized centres. This stimulated the study of adjuvant and neoadjuvant treatments in pancreatic cancer including chemoradiotherapy and chemotherapy. Initial protocols have been based on the original but rather small GITSG study first reported in 1985. There have been two large European trials totalling over 600 patients (EORTC and ESPAC-1) that do not support the use of chemoradiation as adjuvant therapy. A second major finding from the ESPAC-1 trial (541 patients randomized) was some but not conclusive evidence for a survival benefit associated with chemotherapy. A third major finding from the ESPAC-1 trial was that the quality of life was not affected by the use of adjuvant treatments compared to surgery alone. The ESPAC-3 trial aims to assess the definitive use of adjuvant chemotherapy in a randomized controlled trial of 990 patients. ER  - 
Adjuvant and neoadjuvant therapies of pancreatic cancer: A review$$$ The survival of patients diagnosed with pancreatic cancer is dismal. Few patients on initial presentation are suitable for surgical resection. This has prompted clinical studies with chemotherapy and/or radiotherapy designed either to increase the number of patients eligible for surgery (neoadjuvant therapy) or to prolong the survival of patients who had undergone surgery (adjuvant therapy). None of these studies may at this time be considered definitive. Wherever possible, patients felt eligible for neoadjuvant or adjuvant therapy should be entered on clinical trials. Where this is not possible, clinicians should exercise their best judgment in offering this type of treatment to pancreatic cancer patients under their care. ER  - 
Up to date on chemotherapy of gastrointestinal (GI) cancer$$$ Despite the long natural history and the effectiveness of screening programs for early detection, GI cancer is frequently diagnosed at an advanced stage. Surgery, radiotherapy, but mainly chemotherapy are claimed to treat the disease. Several antiproliferative drugs are available. Up today, among patients with advanced cancer, only a few number gain a satisfactory post-chemotherapy level of survival. On the contrary, adjuvant settings and some preoperative strategies show satisfying results. New substances, such as vaccines or anti-angiogenetic factors, are currently under study. ER  - 
Chemotherapy-induced histologic changes in mastectomy specimens and their potential significance$$$ The aim was to assess chemotherapy-induced histologic changes in breast cancer and to evaluate their relationship with tumour response, to treatment and patient survival. We examined paired pre- and post-chemotherapy tumour specimens from 57 patients with stages II and III breast cancers. All patients received three to four courses of anthracycline-containing preoperative treatment and subsequently underwent modified radical mastectomy 3-5 months after diagnosis. Histologic parameters evaluated included extent of residual disease and cytologic changes in residual tumour and in non-neoplastic breast tissue and lymph nodes. Correlation of pathologic changes with disease-free and overall survival was evaluated. Clinical evaluation indicated that 24% (n=14) of patients had a complete response, 53% (n=30) had a partial response, and 22% (n=13) had stable disease. Pathologic assessment revealed a complete response in 14% (n=8) of patients. Clinical and histologic complete responses were discordant in 35% of patients. Sixty-eight percent of tumours demonstrated moderate to severe cytologic changes in the cytoplasm and nucleus of neoplastic cells. These were characterized by increased overall cell size, cytoplasmic vacuolization, nuclear enlargement, multinucleation, and vesiculation of chromatin. Chemotherapy-induced histologic changes varied within a tumour and between patients. Tumour cytologic changes were significantly associated with histologic (p=0.03) as well as clinical (p=0.02) tumour response. Pathologic tumour response, but not histologic changes, was also a powerful predictor of overall survival and relapse-free survival. In the non-neoplastic glandular tissue, periductal and perilobular fibrosis and atrophy of lobular acini similar to those seen in postmenopausal breast tissue were noted. Changes in lymph nodes were characterized by lymphoid depletion and fibrosis with and without tumour metastasis. Chemotherapy-induced cytologic changes are frequently seen in neoplastic breast epithelium and correlate with response to treatment. Histologic confirmation of clinical tumour response to preoperative chemotherapy is necessary for accurate characterization of patients', response to treatment. © 2001 Harcourt Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
Preoperative chemoradiation for marginally resectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreas.$$$ Only 10% to 20% of patients with pancreatic cancer are considered candidates for curative resection at the time of diagnosis. We postulated that preoperative chemoradiation therapy might promote tumor regression, eradicate nodal metastases, and allow for definitive surgical resection in marginally resectable patients. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of a preoperative chemoradiation therapy regimen on tumor response, resectability, and local control among patients with marginally resectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreas and to report potential treatment-related toxicity. Patients with marginally resectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreas (defined as portal vein, superior mesenteric vein, or artery involvement) were eligible for this protocol. Patients received 50.4 to 56 Gy in 1.8 to 2.0 Gy/day fractions with concurrent protracted venous infusion of 5-fluorouracil (250 mg/m2/day). Reevaluation for surgical resection occurred 4 to 6 weeks after therapy. Fifteen patients (9 men and 6 women) completed preoperative chemoradiation without interruption. One patient required a reduction in the dosage of 5-fluorouracil because of stomatitis. Acute toxicity from chemoradiation consisted of grade 1 or 2 nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, stomatitis, palmar and plantar erythrodysesthesia, and hematologic suppression. CA 19-9 levels declined in all nine of the patients with elevated pretreatment levels. Nine of the 15 patients underwent a pancreaticoduodenectomy, and all had uninvolved surgical margins. Two of these patients had a complete pathologic response, and two had microscopic involvement of a single lymph node. With a median follow-up of 30 months, the median survival for resected patients was 30 months, whereas in the unresected group median survival was 8 months. Six of the nine patients who underwent resection remain alive and disease free with follow-up of 12, 30, 30, 34, 39, and 72 months, respectively. Preoperative chemoradiation therapy is well tolerated. It may downstage tumors, sterilize regional lymph nodes, and improve resectability in patients with marginally resectable pancreatic cancer. Greater patient accrual and longer follow-up are needed to more accurately assess its future role in therapy. ER  - 
Chemoradiotherapy in locally advanced non-resectable pancreatic tumours$$$ Tumours of pancreas make up about 3 % of all malignant tumours excluding carcinoma of the skin. Overall 5 year survival is between 2-5 % regardless of the stage. Therefore, pancreatic cancer represents a serious therapeutic problem. Because of rich lymphatic drainage and early hepatic metastases only 10 % of pancreatic tumours are resectable. New therapeutic procedures are being developed with the main aim to improve survival and quality of life. A number of studies described diverse approaches including concomitant chemoradiotherapy, different cytostatics, intraoperative or preoperative radiotherapy. Methods: Our retrospective study evaluated 23 patients with primarily unresectable pancreatic carcinoma. These patients were treated by concomitant chemoradiotherapy: radiotherapy - dose of 40 Gy (2 Gy/fr.) in 2 cycles with a 14 day rest between cycles; chemotherapy - infusion of 5-fluorouracil, initial 3 days of both cycles in a dose of 500 mg/m2/day. The therapy went ahead with 5-FU in dose 500-600 mg/m2/day (weekly) until progression of carcinoma. Results: Median survival was 7 months for the whole group. No statistically significant difference between the survival of men and women (8 m. versus 7 m.) was observed. We also recorded no significant difference in survival comparing tumour location (head, corpus or cauda of the pancreas, respectively). The time to disease progression reached an average of 5.3 months (median 4.5 m). In ten patients hepatic metastases were diagnosed (43 %). The time to metastases diagnosis was 6.4 months. 20 patients died because of local progression or hepatic metastases. Three patients are still alive. Conclusions: Therapy of locally advanced carcinoma of pancreas remains a serious problem. The concomitant chemoradiotherapy appears to be the optimal therapeutic approach at the time. However, its effect is limited and the 7 month overall survival observed in our study is still unsatisfactory. Thus, other therapeutic methods and their combinations remain the subject of future studies. ER  - 
Advanced gastric carcinoma successfully treated with TS-1 as neoadjuvant chemotherapy$$$ We report a patient with advanced gastric carcinoma successfully treated with the novel oral fluoropyrimidine anticancer drug TS-1 as neoadjuvant chemotherapy. The patient was a 76-year-old man who had gastric cancer clinically diagnosed as N2T4, invading the pancreas, the duodenum, and the transverse colon. He was treated as an outpatient with TS-1, 120 mg, administered orally every day for 28 days, followed by 14 days' rest, as one course. Two courses resulted in a marked reduction of the tumor without severe toxicity. Subsequently, the patient underwent curative surgery consisting of distal gastrectomy with D2 lymph node dissection. No surgical complications were observed. On microscopic examination, a few tumor cells were detected in the ulcer scar of the resected stomach and in the regional lymph nodes. Our report is the first to demonstrate the advantages of TS-1 as neoadjuvant chemotherapy for the treatment of advanced gastric carcinoma. ER  - 
The role of octreotide in preventing complications after pancreatoduodenectomy for cancer$$$ Background: Although the mortality rate of pancreatoduodenectomy has fallen sharply over the last two decades, there is still a risk of serious complications resulting from leakage at the site of anastomosis between the pancreatic remnant and the gastrointestinal tract. Numerous techniques have been described to minimise the risk of these anastomotic leaks, but they can be difficult to avoid if the distal pancreas is unobstructed with a soft parenchyma and a non-dilated duct. The risk of leakage is largely dependent upon the presence of activated pancreatic enzymes, and this fact provides a rationale for the perioperative use of the somatostatin analogue octreotide to inhibit exocrine pancreatic secretion. Discussion: Six prospective randomised controlled trials have been published on the use of prophylactic octreotide in pancreatic surgery, five from Europe and one from the USA. The five (multicentre) European studies have consistently shown that octreotide reduces the postoperative complication rate, but the American study does not confirm this benefit. Methodological differences may explain the discrepancy, notably the fact that most of the US patients had received preoperative chemoradiation which is likely to have reduced enzyme secretion. A meta-analysis of four of these studies showed that octreotide lowered the rate of postoperative complications from 37 to 21%, chiefly by reducing the risk of pancreatic fistula. Prophylactic octreotide therapy is cost effective and should be used at least in patients with normal pancreatic parenchyma. ER  - 
Successful resection for advanced hepatoblastoma, combined with perioperative chemotherapy.$$$ The aim of this study was to evaluate our results of surgical treatment with intensive perioperative chemotherapy for hepatoblastoma in infants and children. Seven patients (mean age, 30 months; range 1 month to 6 years) with hepatoblastoma who were followed-up for more than 3 years were reviewed. All patients underwent hepatectomy, performed using a microwave tissue coagulator, after they had received neoadjuvant chemotherapy comprising up to four cycles of cisplatinum and doxorubicin. The main outcome criteria were the clinical response rates to neoadjuvant chemotherapy and the overall survival. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy markedly reduced the tumor volume on computed tomography (mean regression rate, 73%). Alpha-fetoprotein (AFP) levels also decreased, from a mean value of 138 x 104 to 990 ng/ml (excluding values for one patient with tumor thrombus in the portal vein). The surgical procedures included extended right lobectomy in one patient, extended left lobectomy in two patients, hepatic left trisegmentectomy in one patient, and hepatic subsegmentectomy in three patients. The postoperative clinical courses in all seven patients were good, and no serious complications were observed. No relationship was observed between the DNA ploidy pattern and the histopathological findings of the resected specimens regarding survival. Six patients (excluding the patient with a tumor thrombus in the portal vein) who underwent complete resections survived without any signs of recurrence during a follow-up period ranging from 47 to 150 months. In conclusion, the perioperative chemotherapy greatly improved both the resection rate and overall survival in patients with hepatoblastoma. DNA ploidy pattern analysis may be useful when predicting the prognosis of patients with hepatoblastoma. The use of the microwave coagulator was safe for performing hepatectomy, even in infants. ER  - 
Pancreatic involvement by non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.$$$ A case of pancreatic involvement by non-Hodgkin's lymphoma is presented. The patient, a 63-year-old man had a large tumor in the head of the pancreas, without obstructive jaundice. Invasion of the tumor into the duodenum and transverse colon induced progressive anemia and ileus. Therefore, pancreatoduodenectomy and right hemicolectomy were performed, although a definitive preoperative diagnosis was not obtained. This tumor was identified, by histopathology and immunohistochemistry, as diffuse mixed type lymphoma with a B-cell phenotype. Postoperatively, the patient had severe congestive heart failure, and he died without receiving chemotherapy. It is important to establish a definitive diagnosis for this disease, to remove the tumor, and to treat the patient with appropriate chemotherapy. ER  - 
Adjuvant therapy for pancreatic cancer$$$ The poor prognosis in pancreatic carcinoma has been increased especially by improved diagnostic procedures and decreasing perioperative mortality Median survival after complete resection is commonly less than 20 months and the 5 years survival is in the range of about 20%. Postperative radiochemotherapy reduces the local recurrence rate but not the overall survival however. Pancreatic carcinoma is characterized by a low chemosensitivity of the drugs commonly used like 5-fu. More aggressive chemotherapy protocols are limited by the reduced status of the patient. Multimodal and prolonged adjuvant schedules did not show a prognostic benefit. The current Espac - study investigates the role of simultaneous radiotherapy and 5-fu alone or in combination with neoadjuvant 5-fu and folic acid for 6 months. New protocols will investigate the value of regional adjuvant chemotherapy Espac 2) [44] and of gemcitabine 5-fu or control in a three arm study. - In a multicenter German trial the benefit of gemcitabene as weeky monotherapy for 6 months is investigated. The treatment starts soon after resection due to low toxicity and good patient compliance. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant radio-chemotherapy in advanced primarily non-resectable carcinomas of the pancreas$$$ Aim: To investigate the feasibility of neoadjuvant radio-chemotherapy (RCT) in the treatment of primarily non-resectable pancreas carcinoma the parameters tumour regression, possibility of subsequent resection and tolerability were examined. Method: Between 1995 and 1997, 27 patients with locally inoperable (assessed by CT criteria) pancreatic carcinoma received radio-chemotherapy for 5 weeks comprising irradiation (55.8 Gy) and chemotherapy with 5-fluorouracil (5-FU, 1000 mg/m2/day; 120 h continuous infusion) and mitomycin C (10 mg/m2 i.v.-bolus, day 2 and day 30) during the first and fifth week of radiotherapy. Two target volumes were irradiated with fractionated doses of 1.8 Gy up to a total of 50.4 Gy. Radiation was applied once a day five times a week and target volume 1 was irradiated with the same fractionated dose, and an additional boost of 5.4 Gy to make an overall total of 55.8 Gy. Results: Sixteen patients underwent explorative laparotomy, 10 of these were resected (eight Whipple's procedures, two distal pancreatic resections), while six could not be resected due to peritoneal carcinosis (n=3), local irresectability (n=2) and liver cirrhosis (n= 1). A further nine patients were found to have unresectable tumours on CT and did not undergo surgery after restaging five of these patients were staged as 'locally irresectable', three patients had distant metastases and one patient refused surgery). In two patients RCT was abandoned because of progression of disease. Conclusions: The study protocol described is feasible without significant acute toxicity and when used the resectability rate was improved; the survival rate, however, was not improved. Additional intra-arterial or intraportal application of such drugs as mitomycin C or cisplatin may be necessary. (C) 2000 Harcourt Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
The relationship between effects and radiation doses of intra-arterial phosphorus-32 glass microspheres embolization therapy for patients with advanced liver cancer$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the relationship between effects and internal radiation of phosphorus-32 glass microspheres embolization therapy for liver cancer patients. METHODS: From 1994 to 1998, 44 patients with unresectable liver cancer received intra-arterial radio-embolization therapy using (32)P-GMS. Preoperative and postoperative function and energy level of the liver were tested by liver function test and arterial blood ketone body ratio (AKBR). CT, single photon emission computer tomography (SPECT), and AFP were used to judge the effect of the therapy; multivariate analysis was made. RESULTS: In the moderate dose group, low incidence of complication, high tumor shrinking rate and AFP decreasing rate, and long-term survival rate were observed. In the larger dose group, high incidence of liver failure, high tumor shrinking rate and AFP decreasing rate, and long-term survival rate were also observed. In the low dose group, low incidence of complication, but low tumor shrinking rate and AFP decreasing rate and long-term survival rate were not observed. CONCLUSIONS: The reasonable radiation doses for liver cancer patients may be about 30 Gy; if liver cirrhosis is serious, the doses can be reduced. ER  - 
Pancreatic cancer: Current factors and options to determine future research$$$ There are many factors to consider when reviewing the fact that the prognosis for patients diagnosed with pancreatic carcinoma is 'dismal'. For this reason, we reviewed various articles regarding the diagnostic factors, treatment and prognostic factors including resection and laparoscopy, along with modalities of treatment to establish the objectives for future developments. We believe that as our population ages, we will see fundamental changes in the factors, options and modalities of treatment for this lethal disease. Public health efforts which are moving for the screening for early cancer detection, a better understanding of the tumor biology and efforts to reduce the gap between the clinical practice and the scientific understanding may ultimately reduce the burden of cancer in society. ER  - 
Surgery for hilar cholangiocarcinoma: the Johns Hopkins approach.$$$ Carcinoma of the hepatic duct confluence is the most common site of bile duct malignancies. Significant progress has been made in recent years in the diagnosis and treatment of this disease. The diagnosis is generally made in the jaundiced patient with contrast-enhanced spiral computed tomography (CT) scanning followed by cholangiography. Percutaneous transhepatic cholangiography is favored over endoscopic retrograde cholangiography in that it better defines the proximal extent of the tumor involvement and allows placement of percutaneous transhepatic catheters. The preoperative placement of stents facilitates the surgical management, as well as decompressing the obstructed biliary tree. The operative technique at The Johns Hopkins Hospital involves resection of the hepatic confluence and reconstruction over Silastic stents. In patients in whom the hilar cholangiocarcinoma extends along either the right or left hepatic duct into the hepatic parenchyma, appropriate hepatic lobectomy is performed. A recent review of the Johns Hopkins experience has demonstrated that 67% of cholangiocarcinomas are located in the perihilar location. Fifty-six percent of these patients were resectable for potential cure. Of the 109 resected patients, 4 patients (3.6%) died secondary to complications of sepsis. In the 109 patients with resected perihilar tumors, the 1-, 3-, and 5-year survival was 68%, 30% and 11%, respectively. The median survival was 19 months. The addition of hepatic lobectomy did not alter the survival rate. Negative margins and negative lymph node status were associated with improved survival. Postoperative adjuvant radiation therapy did not provide benefit to patients with resected perihilar carcinoma. ER  - 
Microwave coagulation therapy for hepatocellular carcinoma.$$$ The efficacy and safety of microwave coagulation therapy (MCT) in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) and impaired hepatic reserve were studied. Preoperative background factors, postoperative results, and prognostic factors were compared in 51 patients who underwent hepatic resection (HR group) and 38 patients who underwent microwave coagulation therapy (MCT group). Before surgery, measures of hepatic function, including level of albumin (P = 0.0072), prothrombin time (P<0.0001), hepaplastin test (P = 0.0088), and the radioactivity of technetium-99m galactosyl-human serum albumin 15 min in the liver after injection divided by that in both liver and heart (P <0.0001) were significantly lower in the MCT group than in the HR group. The indocyanine green dye retention rate at 15 min was significantly greater (P<0.0001) in the MCT group than in the HR group, and a significant difference was noted in Child-Pugh grade between the groups (P<0.0001). Operative time (P = 0.0014) and blood loss during surgery (P = 0.0005) were significantly lower in the MCT group than in the HR group. In contrast, no significant differences were recognized between the groups in the changes in postoperative liver function, or in the rates of morbidity, mortality, local recurrence, and survival. Moreover, the type of treatment (HR or MCT) was not a prognostic factor. The results indicate that MCT can be used safely as an alternative to hepatic resection in patients with poor liver function without reducing the efficacy of local control. ER  - 
Surgical treatment of pancreatic carcinoma: Curative resections$$$ Curative resection of pancreatic adenocarcinoma can only be performed in 10% of patients. This review article reports resectability rates and criteria, results of pancreatic resection and prognostic factors. Lymph node and/or vascular involvement and retroperitoneal tissue invasion constitute very poor prognostic factors; however, lymph node involvement limited to the first draining nodes and limited invasion of the mesenteric-portal vein do not constitute contraindications to surgical resection. Cephalic pancreaticoduodenectomy is still the reference procedure and its postoperative mortality has greatly decreased. The risk of pancreatic fistula mainly depends on the friability of the pancreatic stump. Median survival rate after tumour resection is usually limited between 12 and 18 months. Five-year actuarial survival rate is no more than 5%, but after curative resection (RO), it may be as high as 20 to 25% in recent surgical series. Concomitant or neoadjuvant chemotherapy-radiotherapy, currently under evaluation, may increase resection and survival rates. (C) 2000 Editions scientifiques et medicales Elsevier SAS. ER  - 
Surgical treatment of pancreatic adenocarcinoma: Limitations and latest developments$$$ Duodenopancreatectomy with preservation of the tail for pancreatic adenocarcinoma is not contraindicated by age except in case of comorbidity. Curative excision is contraindicated in case of metastasis to the liver, peritoneum or distal nodes or in case of arterial invasion. Inversely, isolated venous invasion is not incompatible with curative surgery if one can accept the potential overmortality due to the vascular risk. Palliative surgery may be indicated for tumors limited to the pancreas in selected patients as it appears to improve survival and quality of life over derivation surgery. Preoperative biliary drainage using an endoscopic, a percutaneous or a surgical approach increases the rate of surgical complications and mortality and should be avoided, especially when the resectability of the tumor is not formally established. Wide node dissection does not modify prognosis after excision and would not be warranted on the basis of current data. Preserving the pyloris increases the rate of postoperative gastroparesia without bringing the expected nutritional advantages. It is not warranted in this indication. The type of pancreas anastomosis (pancreatogastric or pancreatojejunal) does not modify the incidence of complications of pancreatic fistulae. The rate of pancreatic fistulae and postoperative complications is decreased by preventive administration of octreotide, particularly when the pancreas is healthy. The prevalence of postoperative gastroparesia is decreased by preventive treatment with intravenous erythromycin. Progress will undoubtedly issue from complimentary treatments combining radiotherapy and chemotherapy. ER  - 
Current surgical therapy for carcinoma of the pancreas$$$ Despite progress in treating many solid tumors, pancreatic cancer continues to be a grave illness. Each year, >29,000 new cases of adenocarcinoma of the pancreas are diagnosed in the United States. Of these patients, only 10-20% have resectable tumors and 25,000 patients (83%) die within 12 months of diagnosis. Until recently, surgery has been the only 'effective' therapy available for select patients. Historically, the operative mortality after radical pancreatic resection has been variable, ranging 1-30%, and is both operator- and institution-dependent. Even with a safe and complete surgical resection, the actual 5-year survival after surgery alone is essentially zero, although rates up to 5% have been reported. Despite what would appear to be a dismal outlook, slow progress has occurred in the operative and postoperative care of patients with pancreatic cancer. Advanced imaging techniques and laparoscopy have limited the number of unnecessary laparotomies, and novel adjuvant and neoadjuvant chemotherapy approaches have yielded promising results. This review will summarize the recent literature concerning the surgical therapy and trends in the treatment of carcinoma of the pancreas from 1990 to 1999. ER  - 
Role of laparoscopy in the staging of malignant disease$$$ Although diagnostic laparoscopy has been used by surgeons and gastroenterologists since the early 1900s, today's surgical oncologists have been relatively slow to embrace this technology. Together with the fervor and benefits afforded by laparoscopic therapeutic interventions in the management of patients with benign disease and the diagnostic usefulness in blunt trauma and abdominal pain, awareness has been rekindled regarding the advantages of laparoscopy for the staging of abdominal malignancy. As surgeons begin to realize that extirpative procedures are doomed to failure in curing patients with diffuse abdominal metastases disclosed on laparoscopic assessment, palliative measures, such as stent placement, ablative procedures, balloon dilatation, intraluminal high-dose radiation, and laser techniques will be used commonly by surgical endoscopists and gastroenterologists. Similarly, it is hoped that the use of systemic chemotherapy will achieve better specificity in cell destruction in patients identified laparoscopically to have uncontained disease in the abdominal cavity. The sensitivity of sonography combined with laparoscopy has been shown to approach that of celiotomy in the evaluation of solid organs, thereby avoiding unnecessary laparotomy and its associated morbidities. Using sonography as a complement to laparoscopy will extend the usefulness of both techniques. The application of laparoscopy and the advent of miniaturized laparoscopic instrumentation (Fig. 7), both diagnostic and therapeutic, in the management of patients with abdominal malignancy will be limited only by the creativity and expertise of physicians and instrument makers. ER  - 
Advances in non-operative therapy in pancreatic cancer$$$ Pancreatic cancer is the fifth leading cause of cancer death in the western world. The majority of patients present with advanced disease and only a few have resectable disease at presentation. This paper reviews current evidence supporting the use of conventional chemotherapy and radiotherapy in advanced disease; it goes on to review the rationale and how these data have influenced the use of radiochemotherapy in the adjuvant setting. Unpublished data from the largest adjuvant study of chemoradiotherapy in pancreatic cancer are also presented. The role of neoadjuvant therapy is discussed and how trials using this approach are evolving in pancreatic cancer. The paper finishes by reviewing the use of marimastat, a novel agent that has been extensively studied in patients with pancreatic cancer. Pancreatic cancer remains a challenge to clinicians, but increases in sub-specialisation and a renewed interest in the disease has made the future for patients more encouraging than at any time in the past. ER  - 
Update on gastroenterology$$$ In the field of mass detection of colorectal cancer by Hemoccult® test, the results of the Burgundy study confirm the two european studies previously published and encourage to extend this training to the whole country. In oncogenetic field, a recent publication suggest some different clinical criteria that Amsterdam criteria to define a Lynch syndrom. When genetic markers are performed in a population selected according to these type I criteria, HNPCC mutation could be detected in 28% of cases. In colorectal cancer surgery, the debate remains open on the place of coeliosurgery. A recent published serie of 135 colon cancers operated by coeliosurgery do not show any recurrence on trocar orifices. A US study has confirmed the prognostic value of the number of lymph nodes analyzed after resection of colorectal cancer. In adjuvant treatment of stage II colon cancer, two contradictory publications have been reported in the Journal of Clinical Oncology. However, the results of the Impact B2 Group are more consistent and support the fact that chemotherapy cannot be recommended as a standard treatment in stage II colon cancer. The actualities in the liver metastases focused on the new local destruction technics that are cryosurgery and radiofrequency. Concerning the chemotherapy of metastatic colorectal cancer, important results have been published in second line therapy showing the superiority of Campto® compared to best supportive care or 5FU based chemotherapy both in term of overall survival and quality of life. In first line chemotherapy, the superiority of bi-therapies (LV5FU2 and oxaliplatin or LV5FU2 and irinotecan) has been confirmed compared to LV5FU2 alone. A recent publication showed that patients older than 70 years tolerate chemotherapy for colorectal cancer as well as younger patients with the same efficacy. In esophagus carcinoma, the most important study didn't show any efficacy of neoadjuvant chemotherapy by 5FU-cisplatin in operable adenocarcinoma of squamous carcinoma of esophagus. The final results of dutch's study in node dissection for gastric cancer do not find any benefit in overall survival comparing D2 versus D1 dissection with a substantial increase in morbidity and mortality in the D2 arm, specially, when splenopancreatectomy was performed. Finally, an important study has confirmed the value of per echoendoscopy biopsies for the diagnosis of positive lymph nodes and pancreatic tumors. ER  - 
Current status and future perspectives in gastric cancer management$$$ Gastric cancer is still a major health problem and a leading cause of cancer mortality despite a worldwide decline in incidence. Environmental and Helicobacter pylori (Hp) acting early in life in a multistep and multifactorial process may cause intestinal type carcinomas, whereas genetic abnormalities are related more to the diffuse type of disease. Primarily due to early detection of the disease, the results of treatment for gastric cancer have improved in Japan, Korea and several specialized Western centres. Surgery offers excellent long-term survival results for early gastric cancer (EGC). Advances in diagnostic and treatment technology have contributed to a trend towards minimal invasive surgery such as endoscopic mucosal resection (EMR) and laparoscopic surgery for selected mucosal cancers. In the Western world, however; more than 80% of patients at diagnosis have an advanced gastric cancer with a poor prognosis. The aim of surgery is complete removal of the tumour (UICC R0-resection), which is known to be the only proven, effective treatment modality and the most important treatment-related prognostic factor. Gastrectomy with preservation of the spleen and pancreas in most cases is the standard procedure. However; at present there is no consensus about the optimal extent of lymph-node dissection. The hypothesis that extended (D2) lymph-node dissection leads to improved survival has not been confirmed in randomized trials. Results from specialized centres and ongoing multi-institutional randomized trials, however; indicate that D2 dissection, with preservation of the spleen and pancreas, can be performed with the same safety as a D1 dissection. Furthermore, in 50% of patients with node-positive disease, the extraperigastric N2 nodes are involved (N2 disease) and thus an R0-resection is achievable only by a D2 node dissection resulting in a 5-year survival of about 30% for such patients. However; even after a D2 node dissection with curative potential, disease recurs in two-thirds of patients with locally advanced gastric cancer (LAGC) and is rapidly fatal. The need for an adjuvant treatment is obvious, but at present there is no such treatment of proven effectiveness. Promising results with preoperative chemotherapy, which increases the R0-resection rate, and intra-or early postoperative intraperitoneal chemohyperthermia to prevent peritoneal dissemination have been reported. However; randomized trials are necessary before these combined treatments become widely accepted. Present data indicate that the treatment of gastric cancer has become more and more sophisticated with a tailored therapy for individual cases. Treatment includes a broad spectrum of therapeutic options from EMR for selected mucosal cancers to aggressive combined treatment for LAGC. Precise knowledge of patterns of recurrence and metastases, critical evaluation of clinicopathologic variables, integration of high technology into diagnosis to predict accurately pre-treatment staging, and the surgeon's ability to perform minimally invasive surgery and D2 node dissection technique are necessary for an appropriate treatment option. All these prerequisites are best ensured by management in experienced surgical oncology units. (C) 2000 Harcourt Publishers Ltd. ER  - 
A patient with gastric cancer with para-aortic lymph node metastases surviving for 9 years after effective preoperative chemotherapy and radical operation$$$ A 63-year-old male patient with type 3 advanced gastric cancer was referred to our hospital. Preoperative examination by CT-scan revealed swollen para-aortic lymph nodes and cancer invasion to the pancreas. The patient was treated pre-operatively with intravenous 5-FU, 500 mg/body/day, continuous infusion for 1 week. Immediately after the chemotherapy, the patient underwent total gastrectomy, splenctomy, left-adrenectomy and resection of the body and tail of the pancreas, along with para-aortic lymph node dissection. Microscopic examination revealed that the tumor was a moderately differentiated tubular adenocarcinoma, which displayed invasion to the pancreas with lymph node metastasis up to the level 3 lymph node. Histologically, the effect of preoperative chemotherapy showed a grade 2 effect on the main tumor, but a grade 3 chemotherapeutic effect was observed at the para-aortic lymph nodes. The patient has subsequently remained disease free for 9 years. In this case, it is considered that the preoperative chemotherapy by 5-FU and potentially curative radical operation yielded a good outcome. ER  - 
Retroperitoneal sarcomas.$$$ The approach to the management of retroperitoneal tumors begins with a complete history and physical examination. Imaging of the abdomen and pelvis by computed tomography (CT) provides both an imaging modality and a method by which to obtain tissue for diagnosis. Because a histologic diagnosis is essential in treatment planning, adequate tissue can usually be obtained by a CT-guided core biopsy. If the diagnosis is sarcoma, additional tests necessary for staging include plain chest radiography and evaluation of the liver by either CT scan or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). The treatment options for primary retroperitoneal sarcomas include chemotherapy, radiation therapy, surgery, or a combination of these modalities; therefore, a multidisciplinary group best manages treatment planning. Primary radiation therapy for cure is seldom effective for retroperitoneal sarcomas but can provide palliation in select cases. Systemic chemotherapy for chemosensitive lesions, such as poorly differentiated liposarcoma, malignant fibrous histiocytoma (MFH), synovial cell sarcoma, and primitive neuroectodermal tumors (PNET), can be useful when used in a neoadjuvant manner. Consequently, surgical resection continues to be the mainstay of treatment for retroperitoneal sarcomas and requires en bloc resection of the primary tumor. Frequently this includes adjacent organs such as colon, small bowel, kidney, adrenal, and pancreas. Postoperative adjuvant therapy with chemotherapy or radiation has not been proven to be of any additional benefit. Overall treatment results are predominantly influenced by tumor stage, grade, size, and margins of surgical resection. Follow-up CT scans at 6-month intervals and surgical resection of recurrences can be valuable. ER  - 
The side effect and its prevention of radio-chemo-embolization using phosphorus-32 labelled glass microspheres for 44 patients with nonresectable liver malignancies$$$ Objective: To survey the complication and efficacy of selective internal radioembolization using phosphorus-32 glass microspheres combined with chemoembolization for advanced liver cancer. Method: From 1994.3 to 1998.2, 44 patients with unresectable hepatic carcinoma (39 primary and 5 metastatic) recieved combined radio-chemo-embolization with mixed emulsion of 32pGMS(8.8 ± 4.2 or 2.6 ~ 17.9mCi), chemo-agent (Adr 20mg, 5-Fu lg and Mmc 10mg) and glycerine or lipiodol (average 14 or 12ml), via intra-operative hepatic artery instillation (23 cases, following hepatic artery ligation, OAE + HAL) or transcatheter hepatic artery embolization (21 cases, TAE). Result: There was no significant bone marrow or renal toxicity, longitudinal gastrointestinal tract reaction and transient change of liver function test occurred in almost all patients while liver dysfunction happened in four cases, pulmonary, gastrointestinal, splenic, cerebral, pancreatic and gallbladder embolization were seen in 2, 3, 1, 1, 4 and 2 cases respectively, moreover, the toxicity was more taken place in OAE group. The tumor shrinking rate were 46.7 ± 24.5% (0~91.8%) and the average survival time for those patients were 12.5 ± 9.2 month. Conclusion: The combined radio-chemo- embolization appears to be more effective and safe by and large. The reasonable internal radiation doses, pre-operative selection of patients and intra-operative skill was very important to either reduce short-term complication or long-term survival. ER  - 
Survival advantage of combined chemoradiotherapy compared with resection as the initial treatment of patients with regional pancreatic carcinoma: An outcomes trial$$$ BACKGROUND. Resection of pancreatic carcinoma is resource-intensive with a limited impact on survival. Chemotherapy and/or radiotherapy (RT) have been shown to be effective palliation. To examine whether preoperative chemoradiotherapy as the initial treatment improves survival for patients with a regional pancreatic adenocarcinoma with a minimal chance of being resected successfully, an outcomes trial was conducted. METHODS. Patients with radiologically regional tumors were staged by laparotomy and/or computed tomography followed by endoscopic ultrasonography, angiography, and/or laparoscopy. Those with locally invasive, unresectable, regional pancreatic adenocarcinoma initially were treated with simultaneous split-course RT plus 5-fluorouracil, streptozotocin, and cisplatin (RT-FSP) followed by selective surgery (Group 1). Patients determined to have a resectable tumor initially underwent resection without preoperative chemoradiotherapy, with or without postoperative chemoradiotherapy (Group 2). RESULTS. Over 8 years 159 patients presenting with nonmetastatic pancreatic adenocarcinoma were administered RT- FSP or underwent surgery for resection. Group 1, comprised of 68 patients initially treated with RT-FSP, had a 0% mortality rate within 30 days of entry. In 20 of 30 patients undergoing surgery after RT-FSP, tumors were downstaged and resected. Group 2, comprised of 91 patients who initially underwent successful resection, had a 5% mortality rate within 30 days of entry. Postoperatively, 63 of these patients received chemotherapy with or without RT. The median survival for Group 1 was 23.6 months compared with 14.0 months for Group 2 (P = 0.006) despite more advanced disease cases in Group 1. Survival favored RT-FSP regardless of whether lymph nodes were malignant. The dominant prognostic factor of earlier stage pancreatic carcinoma having an expected survival advantage was reversed by the initial nonoperative treatment. CONCLUSIONS. Based on a reversal of the expected trend that patients with earlier stage resectable carcinoma (T1,2, N0,1, M0) who undergo removal of their tumors survive longer than patients with more advanced regional disease (T3, N0,1, M0), survival was found to improve significantly for patients reliably staged as having locally invasive, unresectable, nonmetastatic pancreatic adenocarcinoma when initially treated with RT-FSP. (C) 2000 American Cancer Society. ER  - 
Intraoperative radiation enhances decline of pancreatic exocrine function after pancreatic head resection$$$ Intraoperative radiation therapy has been introduced to improve survival rates after resection of biliopancreatic cancer. Early and late effects of intraoperative radiation on the exocrine and endocrine functions of the residual pancreas were examined in 54 patients with pancreatic head resection. Of the 54 patients, 20 underwent intraoperative radiation (A group) and the other 34 did not (B group). Fasting blood sugar level, a 120- min value of the 75-g oral glucose tolerance test, N-benzol-L-tyrosyl-p- aminobenzoic acid (BT-PABA) excretion value (a pancreatic exocrine function test), and amount of postoperative pancreatic juice drainage were compared between groups A and B at preoperative and early and late postoperative times. Fasting blood sugar level and a 120-min value of the 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) showed no change at the early (<2 months) postoperative period of the two groups. At the late (>6 months) postoperative period, fasting blood sugar showed no alteration, while the 75-g OGTT 120-min value increased compared to the preoperative level in both groups. In the group A, the 75-g OGTT 120-min value at the late postoperative period was significantly higher than those at the preoperative and early postoperative periods (289.4 ± 104.9 vs 193.0 ± 58.2 mg/dl, P = 0.0198 and 289.4 ± 104.9 vs 184.4 ± 104.9 mg/dl, P = 0.0285). Preoperative BT-PABA excretion value was not different between the two groups. It decreased at the early postoperative period and returned to the preoperative level at the late postoperative period in both the groups. The decline of BT-PABA in group A was 23 ± 21%, which was significantly larger than 11 ± 24% in group B. The total amount of postoperative pancreatic juice drainage from postoperative days (POD) 4-13 in group A was about half as much as that in group B (720.8 ± 916.4 vs 1433.8 ± 962.1 ml, P = 0.0128). Univariate and multivariate regression analysis of factors concerning the decline of BT-PABA values at the early postoperative period showed that intraoperative radiation was a significant independent determinant. In conclusion, these results suggest that intraoperative radiation causes significant deterioration of pancreatic exocrine function at the early postoperative period. Intraoperative radiation for resectable periampullary carcinoma should be reappraised based on the decline of the pancreatic exocrine function as well as the improvement of the survival curve. ER  - 
Concurrent chemoradiotherapy combined with intraoperative radiotherapy for locally advanced pancreatic cancer: a feasibility study.$$$ Initial clinical results of concurrent chemoradiotherapy combined with high-dose intraoperative radiotherapy (IOR) for locally advanced pancreatic cancer were analyzed. Between June 1996 and May 1999, 6 patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer without distant metastasis were treated with preoperative concurrent chemoradiotherapy followed by IOR. Preoperative radiation therapy was given by the dynamic arc conformal technique with a daily fraction of 1.8 Gy to a total dose of 45 Gy in 5 weeks. Cisplatin (5 mg/day for 4 weeks) and 5-fluorouracil (250 mg/day for 5 weeks) were administered continuously during preoperative radiation therapy. IOR as a single dose of 28 or 30 Gy was given to the gross tumor volume using electron beams of 15- to 22-MeV. Concurrent chemoradiotherapy was well tolerated, although all of the patients complained of nausea and fatigue. Two patients developed grade III leukopenia. No other serious acute toxicity was noted. The median survival time of the 6 patients was 17.5 months, which was significantly longer than that of our historical control treated with external radiation therapy with IOR (8 months), although the difference in survival was borderline significant (p=0.068). Concurrent chemoradiotherapy followed by high-dose IOR was well tolerated in patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer, and the initial clinical results appeared promising. ER  - 
Systemic enzyme therapy with the preparation Wobe-Mugos E in the combined treatment of lung cancer patients$$$ A total of 44 patients with lung carcinoma underwent combined treatment involving systemic enzyme therapy with Wobe-Mugos E. In conducting radio- and polychemotherapy, the above enzyme therapy did not complicate the postoperative course, with the pyo-septic complications having gotten reduced, the origination of pneumofibroses prevented. ER  - 
Serous cystadenocarcinoma of the pancreas and serous cystadenoma associated with ductal pancreatic adenocarcinoma$$$ Background: Serous cystadenoma of the pancreas is commonly considered to be a benign neoplasm and therefore a more conservative surgical attitude is suggested, leaving resection for symptomatic patients or those who develop complications. Recently some malignant forms of serous cystadenoma leading to liver metastasis, perineural invasion and vascular invasion have been reported, thus challenging the benign status of serous cystadenomas. Methods: Between January 1986 and October 1998 25 patients with serous cystic neoplasms of the pancreas were operated at our Institution. Three of the 25 tumours (12%) showed a malignant behaviour on histological assessment, whereas two patients with serous cystadenoma (8%) revealed an association with ductal adenocarcinoma. Results: Three patients had symptomatic lessions. The preoperative radiological imaging identified the tumours, but did not help to determine malignancy. Serum CA 19.9 values were within the normal range in the three patients with serous cystoadenocarcinoma, but were elevated in the two patients with associated ductal adenocarcinoma. All tumours could be resected in toto. In each case, histology revealed malignant behaviour: pancreatic and peripancreatic tissue infiltration associated with either lymph node metastasis (n = 1), perineural and lymph node invasion (n = 1), infiltration of the adjacent adrenal gland (n = 1) or associated with ductal adenocarcinoma (n = 2). Three patients are presently alive and free of disease at a mean follow-up of 30 months. One patient with serous cystadenocarcinoma was re-operated for recurrence 19 months after the primary operation. One patient with serous cystadenocarcinoma died of a cerebrovascular accident (but free of disease) 41 months after resection. One patient with associated ductal adenocarcinoma died six months after operation because of tumour progression. Conclusion: Oncological surgical resection is recommended in serous cystic neoplasms of the pancreas to rule out malignancy. ER  - 
Chemotherapy for upper gastrointestinal tumours$$$ The aim of this review is to identify current chemotherapy treatment for tumours of the oesophagus, stomach, pancreas, and liver. The role of both neoadjuvant, adjuvant, and palliative chemotherapy regimens will be discussed. This review will be of interest to oncologists in clarifying current issues regarding chemotherapy, and to physicians in other medical specialties, to increase their general understanding of benefits and drawbacks of chemotherapy in this patient group. ER  - 
Adjuvant and neoadjuvant radiochemotherapy in ductal pancreatic carcinoma$$$ Background: Ductal pancreatic carcinoma ranks third among malignancies of the gastrointestinal tract and its incidence is rising. Today, patients with this disease still have fatal prognosis necessitating efforts towards more effective treatment. Material and Methods: This report provides a review of adjuvant and neoadjuvant radiotherapy in pancreatic carcinoma without distant metastasis. Particular respect is given to prospective, randomized trials. They are analyzed according to clinical staging: 1. In resectable tumors adjuvant, neoadjuvant or intraoperative radiotherapy is performed. 2. Radiotherapy in neoadjuvant intention is an approach for downstaging to achieve resectability in initially irresectable tumors. Results: The widespread use of new techniques such as supervoltage irradiation, computer based 3-D-planning, interventional therapy and combination of different therapeutic modalities induced a great number of studies. When concomitant chemotherapy was added to radiotherapy, results became significantly better compared to exclusive radiotherapy. It is shown that patients with operable tumors will have better survival rates and lower risk of relapse, if radiochemotherapy is added to surgery. Patients with irresectable tumors possibly can be downstaged and be brought to resection nevertheless. Conclusions: Simultaneous radiochemotherapy with 5-FU and mitomycin C can be performed without elevated risk of acute side effects of higher degree. This approach may be indicated in the case of adjuvant situations in patients free of distant metastases. Neoadjuvant simultaneous radiochemotherapy should only be performed as a part of a clinical trial. ER  - 
Status of surgical studies in oncology. II$$$ Recent prospective randomised trials dealt with the optimal extent of surgical resection as well as with preoperative therapy modalities in pancreatic, rectal and breast cancer. In pancreatic cancer extended lymphadenectomy did not improve overall survival. Total mesorectal excision remarkably changed surgery for rectal cancer. Rate of local recurrence of rectal cancer could be significantly reduced by preoperative irradiation. In advanced rectal cancers curative resection and sphincter preservation seems possible due to multimodal preoperative therapy. It has been demonstrated that in appropriate cases breast-preserving resection is comparable to mastectomy with respect to overall survival. Up to now it is not quite clear if sentinel node sampling is equivalent to routine lymphadenectomy. Following neoadjuvant chemotherapy breast-preservation rate is significantly higher, but survival is not significantly increased. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant and adjuvant therapy in ductal adenocarcinoma of the pancreas$$$ The optimal oncological management of ductal pancreatic cancer remains undefined. More than 60% of these patients have disseminated disease at the time of presentation. Here radical surgery alone cannot guarantee a cure. Even in the best case of a RO-resection with extended lymph node dissection the reported 5-year survival rates of 20-30% are dissatisfying. This would suggest that neoadjuvant or adjuvant therapies may play an even greater role in improving the medium and longterm survival rates than in other tumor entities. Reports in the Literature to date are from small randomised trials which do not elucidate the benefit of therapy. However, it does appear that neoadjuvant radiochemotherapy in combination with RO-resection will best improve patient outcome and mean survival rates. Therefore there is a need for large prospective randomized studies regarding (neo-)adjuvant therapy. Inclusion criteria must be precisely defined and the following factors recorded: standardized preoperative staging procedures extent of tumor disease (histology, stage, vascular infiltration, lymph node involvement, etc.) detailed surgical approach in respect to the extent of pancreas resection and lymph node dissection. Pancreas resections tend to have a higher postoperative complication rate when compared with other tumours and substantial postoperative weight loss often is observed. This may result in a delay or even impossibility of starting adjuvant therapy right in time in a relevant part of patients (up to 1/3 according to literature data) which is a major disadvantage of all adjuvant therapy concepts. ER  - 
A continuing role for surgical bypass in the palliative treatment of pancreatic carcinoma$$$ Background: The use of palliative surgery for irresectable pancreatic cancer has been challenged by the advent of non-operative stenting, but it may still be appropriate for selected patients. Methods: Single-loop biliary and gastric bypass was carried out in 56 patients (mean age 60 years) with carcinomas of the pancreatic head that were irresectable because of vascular invasion or distant spread. In 42 patients without a preoperative tissue diagnosis, ductal carcinoma was confirmed by biopsy of the primary (n = 20) or secondary (n = 22) tumour. Preoperative biliary decompression in 31 patients led to positive bile cultures in 22 of 24 patients sampled. Results: There were no deaths in hospital or within 30 days. Complications in 20 patients (35%) included three biliary leaks, two of which required temporary percutaneous stents. The median postoperative hospital stay was 14 days. No re-operations were required before death, though 2 patients required percutaneous stenting of the biliary anastomosis for recurrent jaundice, 1 of whom had a radiation-induced stricture. The median survival was 6 (range 2-21) months. Conclusion: Combined biliary and gastric bypass can be carried out with reasonable safety and remains a useful option for patients with potentially resectable tumours and an anticipated life expectancy of at least 6 months. Copyright (C) 2000 S. Karger AG, Basel. ER  - 
Survival of cancer of the pancreas. Bases for new strategies in diagnosis and therapy.$$$ OBJECTIVE: The ominous prognosis of pancreatic carcinoma (PC) has led to a nihilistic attitude among physicians, and to the need to develop better tools for diagnosis, staging and treatment. The aim of this study was to analyze a series of patients with PC in order to determine stage-related survival, and to try to improve diagnostic and therapeutic strategies. METHODS: This was a retrospective study of 167 patients diagnosed from 1987 to 1993. The diagnosis was based on cytological pathology findings or on a clinical course compatible with PC. TNM stage and survival were calculated. We also analyzed age, sex, time elapsed until diagnosis, diagnostic tests, size and location, cytologic pathology confirmation, number of patients undergoing surgery, and procedures used. RESULTS: Age: 67 +/- 12 years, 82 men and 85 women. Time elapsed until diagnosis: 3 +/- 15.7 months. Pathologic diagnosis: 74.8%. Location: head 75%, body 13.9%, tail 7.2%, diffuse 2.4%, not reported 1.2%. Size: 4.6 +/- 2 cm. TNM staging: stage I 13%; stage II 25%; stage III 20%; stage IV 42%. Stage-related survival: stage I 14 months; stage II 6 months; stage III 4 months; stage IV 1 month. Total survival: 3 months. Surgery was done in 66.5% and resection in 10%; curative surgery in 6.5%; bypass in 81% and diagnostic laparotomy in 9%. In 55% of the patients surgery revealed a higher stage of disease than had been diagnosed preoperatively. Postoperative mortality was 18%. Survival at 1 and 5 years after curative surgery was 80% and 20%, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Diagnosis was made at a late stage in many patients. Few patients were candidates for radical surgery. Early diagnosis, preoperative staging and postoperative management should be improved in these patients, and surgery should be associated with complementary chemotherapy and/or radiotherapy. ER  - 
Hydroxyurea and trimidox enhance the radiation effect in human pancreatic adenocarcinoma cells$$$ BACKGROUND: Pancreatic cancer remains the most lethal of all common human malignancies with a 5-year survival rate of lower than 5%. Adjuvant and neoadjuvant preoperative and postoperative chemo-radiotherapy using 5-fluorouracil, have reduced local relapse rate and slightly increased the median survival. Testing new and more potent radiation-sensitising drugs in human pancreatic cancer cells can provide the basis for a more effective chemo-radiation regimen and may consequently improve treatment outcome. MATERIALS and METHODS: The present study was performed to evaluate the efficacy of two potent ribonucleotide reductase (RR) inhibitors: hydroxyurea and trimidox in radio-sensitising Panc-1 human pancreatic cancer cells in an attempt to identify a more effective chemo-radiotherapy regimen with minimal side effects. RESULTS: Treatment of Panc-1 cells with hydroxyurea or trimidox alone for 2 hours was associated with a dose-dependent decrease in their cloning efficacy to similar extent. The IC50 of trimidox, hydroxyurea or radiation alone were 2.5 + 0.3 μM, 39.0 + 0.4 μM and 3.2 + 0.2 Gy, respectively. Treatment with 39.0 microM non-cytotoxic IC50 dose of hydroxyurea for two hours before or immediately after radiation reduced the IC50 of radiation to only 1.1 + 0.14 or 1.0 + 0.1 Gy, respectively. Treatment with 2.5 microM non-cytotoxic IC50 dose of trimidox for two hours before or immediately after radiation reduced the IC50 of radiation to only 1.2 + 0.16 or 1.4 + 0.12 Gy, respectively. The mean radiation enhancement ratios were 2.9 and 3.2 for hydroxyurea before and immediately after radiation. The greater radio-sensitising effect of hydroxyurea compared to trimidox or gemcitabine could be due to its unique double action by synchronising the cancer cells into the radiosensitive G1/S border and inhibiting DNA damage repair. CONCLUSIONS: The present study demonstrates the superiority of hydroxyurea at non-cytotoxic doses compared to the other two recent RR inhibitors: gemcitabine and trimidox in radio-sensitising human pancreatic cancer cells. Hydroxyurea combined with radiation has significantly improved progression-free survival of advanced cervical cancer and glioblastoma patients and showed clinical benefit in combination with other chemotherapy drugs in advanced pancreatic cancer. The present results suggest the clinical use of hydroxyurea as a radiosensitiser in both pre- and post-operative chemo-radiotherapy in pancreatic cancer patients. Given the demonstrated potent radio-sensitising effect of hydroxyurea at non-cytotoxic doses when administered before or immediately after radiation and its low clinical toxisity, it sould be feasible to administer hydroxyurea both before and after radiation in pancreatic cancer patients. ER  - 
Pancreatic carcinoma deemed unresectable at exploration may be resected for cure: An institutional experience$$$ Only a minority of patients with a diagnosis of pancreatic adenocarcinoma (PA) have disease amenable to curative resection. Between April 1987 and March 1999, 40 patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma deemed unresectable at exploration at other institutions were considered for neoadjuvant treatments and then re-evaluated for possible re-exploration. We retrospectively compared the clinical outcomes, including overall survival (OS), among three groups: Group A, 22 previously unresectable patients who were subsequently successfully resected, 20 after induction therapy; Group B, 31 patients who received preoperative chemoradiotherapy before their only operation; and Group C, 33 patients who were primarily resected, 27 of whom were then treated with adjuvant therapy. Of those resectable from Group A, 5 required portal venorraphy and 3 had hepatic artery reconstruction. Eighteen of the 40 patients were unresectable because of progression of disease with a mean OS of 8 months; 12 were assessed at second laparotomy; 6 were excluded from second operation on the basis of preoperative imaging studies. Kaplan- Meier curves showed no differences in OS among the three groups: OS in Group A was 34 months; Group B, 21; and Group C, 13 (P = 0.15). Margin status was comparable in all three groups (P = 0.52). As expected, nodal positivity was greatest in Group C (P = 0.001). There were no operative mortalities in Group A, and the morbidity rate was comparable with that of Groups B and C. Upon re-evaluation, many tumors (54%) previously deemed 'unresectable' were surgically extirpated for cure with a median survival comparable with that of patients who did not undergo previous exploration. ER  - 
Role of radiotherapy in the multidisciplinary approach to pancreatic adenocarcinoma$$$ Pancreatic tumors have a very bad prognosis even after complete surgery. Radiotherapy has an important role to play either postoperative with associated chemotherapy or palliative and alone. Presently 5-FU is the most widely used molecule but gemcitabine is getting more and more acceptance. Intraoperative radiotherapy but especially preoperative radiotherapy seem to be two promising techniques. ER  - 
Concomitant chemoradiation and intraoperative radiotherapy in pancreatic adenocarcinoma$$$ The prognosis of pancreatic adenocarcinoma remains poor, with a 5-year survival rate lower than 5%. Resection, the gold standard treatment, can be performed in less than 10% of patients. Following surgery, the median survival is 12 months. Concomitant chemoradiation, as an adjuvant treatment could be superior to surgery alone, in terms of survival; controlled trials are currently performed. Neoadjuvant chemoradiation is a new approach, potentially able to increase survival and resection rate. Finally, current data regarding intraoperative irradiation are exposed. (C) 2000 Editions scientifiques et medicales Elsevier SAS. ER  - 
The role of preoperative staging for pancreatic cancer$$$ Despite the poor prognosis of pancreatic carcinoma patients, surgical resection remains the only potentially curative treatment. As it has been demonstrated that extended radical surgery does not lead to a better prognosis, accurate staging to select those patients who may benefit from resection is essential. According to the report of a national survey of pancreatic cancer in 1997, patients with S0 or S1, RP0 or RP1, and N0 or N1 disease have longer survival periods compared with patients with S2, RP2, and N2 disease. Therefore patients classified as Stage I, Stage II, or Stage III are recognized as candidates for surgical resection. Patients classified as Stage IVb because of positive P factor or positive H factor are selected for conservative treatment such as chemotherapy and irradiation. It remains to be clarified whether patients classified as Stage IVa should undergo surgical resection or not. Future prospective randomized studies of patients with Stage IVa disease will reveal whether surgical resection or chemoradiation is effective. Helical CT is useful to evaluate S and RP factors for definitive preoperative staging. CT-AP can reveal occult metastases to the liver. These preoperative evaluations should be evaluated along with histological findings. ER  - 
Treatment of unresectable, locally advanced pancreatic adenocarcinoma with combined radiochemotherapy with 5-fluorouracil, leucovorin and cisplatin$$$ The aim of the study was to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of a combined treatment modality including systemic chemotherapy with 5-fluorouracil (FU), leucovorin, cisplatin and external beam radiotherapy in patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer. Systemic chemotherapy consisted of FU 400 mg m-2 and leucovorin 20 mg m-2 both given as intravenous bolus injection on days 1-4, plus cisplatin 20 mg m-2 administered as 90-min infusion on days 1-4. Treatment courses were repeated every 4 weeks x 6 unless prior evidence of progressive disease. Radiation therapy using megavolt irradiation of ≥ 6 MV photons with a 3- or 4-field technique was delivered during the second and third chemotherapy course, that was reduced in dose by 25%. Between October 1994 and July 1996, a total of 38 patients were entered onto this trial, all of whom were assessable for toxicity and survival. Eighteen of these (47%) had objective remissions to combined radiochemotherapy, including four CR (11%), 13 (34%) had stable disease and seven patients (18%) showed tumour progression during treatment. The median progression-free interval of the entire study population was 10 months (range 3-32), and median overall survival was 14.0 months (range 3-45+ months); 53% of all patients were alive at 12 months, and 18% of patients were alive at 24 months respectively. Severe haematological side-effects comprised neutropenia in 18%, thrombocytopenia in 8% and anaemia in 11%. The most frequent non-haematological side-effects were nausea/vomiting (WHO grade 3: 18%), and diarrhoea (grade 3: 13%). This combined radiochemotherapy regimen was tolerable and effective in patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer. Since therapeutic results, in fact, compare favourably with other series, including surgical treatment of potentially resectable tumours, further evaluation of combined treatment modalities in the neoadjuvant setting seems warranted. ER  - 
A multispecialty approach to the diagnosis and management of pancreatic cancer$$$ This article reviews recent developments in pancreatic cancer research and offers a multispecialty perspective on the diagnosis and management of this challenging disease. Current findings in the molecular biology of the disease and their implications for management are examined, as well as development in diagnostic techniques, including helical computed tomography (CT), magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), magnetic resonance cholangio- pancreatography (MRCP), and, particularly, endoscopic ultrasound-guided fine- needle aspiration. Surgical management, the role of adjuvant/neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy, and the critical importance of accurate preoperative imaging are also addressed in this review. Palliative techniques, including endoscopic stenting for malignant obstructive jaundice and chemotherapy for locally advanced and metastatic disease, are discussed, and results of recent clinical trials in pancreatic cancer are summarized. Finally, future directions for research are identified. ER  - 
Preoperative chemotherapy, radiotherapy, and surgical resection of locally advanced pancreatic cancer$$$ Hypothesis: Neoadjuvant therapy has the potential to induce regression of high-risk, locally advanced cancers and render them resectable. Preoperative chemoradiotherapy is proposed as a testable treatment concept for locally advanced pancreatic cancer. Design: Fourteen patients (8 men, 6 women) with locally advanced pancreatic cancer were surgically explored to exclude distant spread of disease, to perform bypass of biliary and/or gastric obstruction, and to provide a jejunostomy feeding tube for long-term nutritional support. A course of chemotherapy with fluorouracil and cisplatin plus radiotherapy was then initiated. Reexploration and resection were planned subsequent to neoadjuvant therapy. Main Outcome Measures: Tumor regression and survival. Interventions: Surgically staged patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer were treated by preoperative chemotherapy with bolus fluorouracil, 400 mg/m2, on days 1 through 3 and 28 through 30 accompanied by a 3-day infusion of cisplatin, 25 mg m2, on days 1 through 3 and 28 through 30 and concurrent radiotherapy, 45 Gy. Enteral nutritional support was maintained via jejunostomy tube. Results: Of 14 patients who enrolled in the protocol and were initially surgically explored, 3 refused the second operation and 11 were reexplored; 2 showed progressive disease and were unresectable and 9 (81%) had definitive resection. Surgical pathologic stages of the resected patients were: Ib (2 patients), II (2 patients), and III (5 patients). Pancreatic resection included standard Whipple resection in 1 patient, resection of body and neck in 1 patient, and extended resection in 6 patients (portal vein resection in 6, arterial resection in 4). One patient who was considered too frail for resection had core biopsies of the pancreatic head, node dissection, and an interstitial implant of the tumorous head. Pathologic response: 2 patients had apparent complete pathologic response; 1 patient had no residual cancer in the pancreatectomy specimen, the other patient who had an iridium 192 interstitial implant had normal core biopsies of the pancreatic head. Five patients had minimal residual cancer in the resected pancreas or microscopic foci only with extensive fibrosis, and 2 patients had fully viable residual cancer. Lymph node downstaging occurred in 2 of 4 patients who had positive peripancreatic nodes at the initial surgical staging. There was 1 postoperative death at 10 days. Sepsis, prolonged ileus, and failure to thrive were major complications. In the definitive surgery group the median survival was 19 months after beginning chemoradiotherapy and 16 months after definitive surgery. The absolute 5-year survival was 11% of 9 patients, 1 is surviving 96 months (with no evidence of disease) after chemoradiotherapy and extended pancreatic resection including resection of the superior mesenteric artery and the portal vein for stage III cancer. In the nonresected group the mean survival was 9 months (survival range, 7-12 months) after initiation of chemoradiotherapy. Conclusion: A pilot study of preoperative chemoradiotherapy with infusional cisplatin and radiation induced a high rate of clinical pathologic response in patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer and merits further study in these high-risk patients. ER  - 
Influence of surgery on outcomes in gastric cancer$$$ Since the first successful gastric resection by Billroth in 1881, much research has been conducted in order to evaluate results and improve outcomes of this operation. Fortunately results have indeed improved. Still, for each patient the risk-benefit ratio should be known to have an optimal effect on the procedure. The extension of the disease, the operative procedure, and the selection of the patient, of course, play a crucial role in this. The JRSCG has provided guidelines for the standardization of surgical treatment and pathologic evaluation? Thanks to these guidelines we currently speak the same language concerning gastric cancer, and the possibility has been created to compare different studies on this subject. Nevertheless, results in gastric cancer treatment show a great deal of variation. Several surgical, patient, tumor, and treatment-related factors may play a role in this. Resectability of gastric cancer has increased in the past decades, not only because of earlier detection but also because of the technical ability to perform extended operations. Pessimism about outcomes, however, may prevail and lead to negative attitudes, which may become self-fulfilling attitudes. If the surgeon performs palliative procedures because of a believe that gastric cancer is nearly always incurable at presentation, this low expectation will be fulfilled. Conversely, inappropriate aggressive surgery in unfit patients may lead to increased postoperative morbidity and postoperative mortality without improving long-term outcome. Tumor stage is an important prognostic factor in gastric cancer. There is a strong relationship between depth of invasion and the occurrence of lymph node metastasis, and the occurrence of lymph node metastasis is strongly related to 5-year survival. Because the incidence of lymph node metastasis is known to be greater in the node stations near the tumor than in more distant ones and the distance between tumor and lymph node shows a direct relationship with survival, the question remains which patients benefit from an extended lymph node dissection. In Japan, where extended (D2) dissections are standardized, results from gastric cancer treatment are encouraging. In Western countries in nonrandomized trials there seems to be a better survival rate for patients with a D2 dissection, although the Japanese results could not be matched. Two large randomized Western studies, the DGCT and the MRC trial, have recently compared D1 and D2 dissections and final results are available. These studies show that morbidity and hospital mortality are higher for the D2 dissection group without a significantly better survival. These studies do not generally support the standard use of extended (D2) lymph node dissection in Western patients with gastric cancer. With a mean survival rate of 45% at 5 years, the results of the Dutch D1-D2 trial for either arm are by far better then the previous experience in Western countries. This indicates the benefit of trial participation with optimal selection, use of surgical techniques, pathology compliance, and postoperative care throughout the study. Subtotal versus total gastrectomies for tumors in the distal part of the stomach often have been a point of discussion. From previous studies it seems that a subtotal gastrectomy has less morbidity and the same survival rate, provided that an adequate tumor-free margin can be obtained. Resection line involvement should be evaluated perioperatively by frozen section examination. Resection of spleen and pancreas in all studies leads to an increased morbidity and hospital mortality, eventually leading to a decreased survival. Therefore, in Western countries resection of pancreas and spleen is only recommended if tumor ingrowth prohibits a possible curative resection. Age is found to be an important prognostic factor in Western patients. Although the resectability and curability rates do not differ among age groups, there is a significantly increased morbidity and mortality rate and a significantly worse survival rate with increasing age. The presence of a positive lymph node station 16 (N4) or a positive cytology of abdominal fluid is related to poor prognosis. Consequently, extended resections should be avoided. The technical skills of the surgeon may be of influence as well on outcomes in gastric surgery. Only in the German Gastric Cancer Study was a significant difference found between surgeons with more or less experience, especially with regard to anastomotic leakage. Other trials could not show a significant difference. Although morbidity in Western countries exceeds Japanese morbidity, Japanese surgeons operating on Western patients show no significant difference in morbidity and hospital mortality when compared to Western surgeons. Therefore, the difference between Japanese and Western studies seems not to be caused by the skills of their surgeons. Nevertheless, a learning curve for extended resections has been shown by McCulloch. This may be one of the reasons that more experienced hospitals show a lower morbidity and hospital mortality. Other reasons for better results may be better patient selection, better pathologic analysis (stage migration phenomenon), better preoperative staging, and the possibility for (neo) adjuvant chemotherapy. In view of the much lower postoperative mortality rate reported by specialized centers, the treatment of gastric cancer should be the territory of a multidisciplinary team of committed specialists in all areas to provide optimal results. Preoperative assessment of the lesion and the patient and perioperative management are as important as the operation itself. ER  - 
Preoperative chemoradiation for patients with pancreatic cancer: Toxicity of endobiliary stents$$$ Purpose: A recent multicenter study of preoperative chemoradiation and pancreaticoduodenectomy for localized pancreatic adenocarcinoma suggested that biliary stent-related complications are frequent and severe and may prevent the delivery of all components of multimodality therapy in many patients. The present study was designed to evaluate the rates of hepatic toxicity and biliary stent-related complications and to evaluate the impact of this morbidity on the delivery of preoperative chemoradiation for pancreatic cancer at a tertiary care cancer center. Patients and Methods: Preoperative chemoradiation was used in 154 patients with resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma (142 patients, 92%) or other periampullary tumors (12 patients, 8%). Patients were treated with preoperative fluorouracil (115 patients), paclitaxel (37 patients), or gemcitabine (two patients) plus concurrent rapid-fractionation (30 Gy; 123 patients) or standard- fractionation (50.4 Gy; 31 patients) radiation therapy. The incidences of hepatic toxicity and biliary stent-related complications were evaluated during chemoradiation and the immediate 3- to 4-week postchemoradiation preoperative period. Results: Nonoperative biliary decompression was performed in 101 (66%) of 154 patients (endobiliary stent placement in 77 patients and percutaneous transhepatic catheter placement in 24 patients). Stent-related complications (occlusion or migration) occurred in 15 patients, inpatient hospitalization for antibiotics and stent exchange was necessary in seven of 15 patients (median hospital stay, 3 days). No patient experienced uncontrolled biliary sepsis, hepatic abscess, or stent-related death. Conclusion: Preoperative chemoradiation for pancreatic cancer is associated with low rates of hepatic toxicity and biliary stent-related complications. The need for biliary decompression is not a clinically significant concern in the delivery of preoperative therapy to patients with localized pancreatic cancer. (C) 2000 American Society of Clinical Oncology. ER  - 
Radiotherapeutic strategies in the multimodality approach of resectable and non-resectable pancreatic carcinoma$$$ Background: The prognosis of patients with adenocarcinoma of the pancreas remains poor. Only patients with small tumors and complete resection have a curative chance. The value of combined radio-chemotherapy adjuvant or even palliative in case of unresectable tumors is controversial due to the short median survival times of all patients ranging from 8 to 15 months. Within the last years, significant new treatment modalities were introduced into the multimodality approach. Even the intraoperative boost therapy (IORT) with fast electrons remains still controversial. Material and Methods: Since the publication of the results of the historic GITSG study, in the US postoperative adjuvant radio-chemotherapy with 5-FU remains the treatment of choice. Successor studies of the ESPAC and the EORTC have been closed or are recruiting patients, the results are still pending. Neoadjuvant treatment modalities were investigated within the last 3 years, mostly in case of primary operable but also in unresectable tumors. Using 3-D-treatment planning, the total dose of radiotherapy was increased from 40 up to 45 to 50 Gy. In centers with great experience, an IORT was added to these combined modalities. More modern chemotherapeutic agents like gemcitabine or the taxanes are under investigation, using combined radio-chemotherapy in phase- II protocols in patients with unresectable tumors. Results: In case of both, adjuvant or neoadjuvant radio-chemotherapy following or before pancreaticoduodenectomy, median survival times range from 15 to 25 months. The neoadjuvant radio-chemotherapy seems to reduce the rate of positive surgical margins and the rate of patients with positive lymph nodes. For the moment, there is no proven survival advantage or increase of local control (about 80% in both cases) for patients treated with neoadjuvant radiochemotherapy compared with adjuvant radio-chemotherapy. However, about 25% of the patients don't receive adjuvant therapy due to the perioperative morbidity. Because prolongation of survival with adjuvant therapy is only 5 to 10 months, in Europe adjuvant radio-chemotherapy is not accepted as the treatment standard. Combined radio-chemotherapy in patients with unresectable tumors results in significant improvement of survival. 5-FU continuous infusion with 250 mg/m2 seems to be the treatment of choice. IORT is effective in achieving long-term local control and an effective pain palliation. More modern chemotherapeutic agents seem to be effective in vitro as radio-sensitizers. In first reported results, the MTD was not found. Toxicity seems not to be increased with single radiotherapy doses of 1,8 to 2 Gy. However, higher single doses should not be used. Conclusions: Due to the worse prognosis of patients with adenocarcinoma of the pancreas, new combined treatment modalities as adjuvant and neoadjuvant radio-chemotherapy, particularly with more modern chemotherapeutic agents, for patients with resectable and unresectable tumors are under investigation. For some reasons, the neoadjuvant setting seems to be better. However, these results are not proven by prospective randomized clinical trials. Therefore, these trials are necessary to define the treatment of choice in these patients. IORT is a helpful tool to improve local control. However, these aggressive multimodality approaches are only indicated in a minority of patients. In patients with unresectable tumors and good condition, combined radio- chemotherapy remains the treatment of choice. ER  - 
New directions in systemic therapy of pancreatic cancer$$$ Background: The aggressiveness of pancreatic adenocarcinoma makes it a deadly disease, with its incidence rate and fatality rate almost equal. Surgery represents the only means to provide cure to patients with pancreatic cancer, though the 5-year survival is less than 10%. Methods: We review the data on surgical and systemic therapies and provide more details on a newer biologically based medical approach. Results: Neoadjuvant chemotherapy protocols are confined to one or two institutions, and adjuvant chemotherapy and chemoradiation therapy protocols are far from being standardized. Chemoradiation therapy for locally advanced pancreatic cancer offers limited benefits. Protocols that include gemcitabine and 5-fluorouracil, while comparing favorably to historical controls, offer median survivals at approximately 8 months. Conclusions: More effective protocols with combinations of approaches agents are needed to improve the treatment of pancreatic cancer. ER  - 
Preoperative chemoradiation in locally advanced pancreatic carcinoma: A phase II study$$$ Background: Effectiveness and feasibility of preoperative chemoradiation (CRT) in locally advanced adenocarcinoma of the pancreas are evaluated. Material and Methods: 29 eligible of 37 registered patients were treated. 3d-Conformal external radiotherapy was delivered with a 1.8-Gy single dose and a total dose of 50.4 Gy plus 5.4 Gy boost. Simultaneous chemotherapy consisted of 5-fluorouracil and mitomycin C. Results: Among 27 completely treated patients, 16 (59%) underwent surgery, 6 of them being irresectable intraoperatively. Ten patients (37%) had clear resection margins at Whipple's procedure. Eleven patients were not considered for surgery (7 still irresectable at restaging, 3 distant metastases, 1 refusal of surgery). Toxicity was predominantly hematological (grade 3: 30%, grade 4: 7%); furthermore, there was nausea/vomiting (grade 3: 20%, grade 4: 0%). No patient died perioperatively. The tumor-related overall survival rate was better for resected patients than for nonresected patients (50% vs. 6%, 2-year survival, p = 0.07), median overall survival was 9 months (median follow-up, 28 months). Conclusions: Neoadjuvant CRT without significant acute toxicity produced a resectability rate of 37% (all R0), which should be confirmed by randomized phase III studies. ER  - 
Pancreatic cancer: The role of the primary care physician$$$ Clinical diagnosis of pancreatic cancer by signs, symptoms, and physical examination alone is unreliable because the initial symptoms are nonspecific. A radiologic examination is an essential part of the work-up; ultrasound and CT are the most commonly used first-line tests. Tissue diagnosis by percutaneous fine-needle aspiration, endoscopic ultrasound-guided transduodenal biopsy, or diagnostic laparoscopy is most helpful for patients being considered for neoadjuvant therapy. Resection is currently the only potentially curative treatment; combination neoadjuvant therapy with radiation and systemic 5-fluorouracil significantly increases resectability rates. Management of patients with nonresectable tumors focuses on palliative therapy to reduce pain and binary or duodenal obstruction. ER  - 
Chemotherapy, combined radiochemotherapy and new therapeutic approaches for adenocarcinoma of the pancreas$$$ For patients having undergone complete resection for adenocarcinoma of the pancreas combined radiochemotherapy protocols using bolus 5FU as neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatments can help control disease spread and perhaps moderately lengthen survival. As the rare controlled trials having tested these therapeutic strategies have provided conflicting data, this therapeutic attitude cannot be considered as a standard treatment. The tested protocols using combined radiochemotherapy were developed in the sixties and seventies and have been greatly improved since that time. New combinations for neoadjuvant and adjuvant radiochemotherapy protocols are currently under evaluation in controlled therapeutic trials. Systemic chemotherapy (gemcitabin, 5FU, platinium) has a palliative effect, improving the quality of life in patients with advanced-stage disease. Gemcitabin is easy to administer and has a low toxicity profile. It is widely used in standard protocols. Therapeutic trials combining gemcitabin and other cytotoxic agents are under way. Radiochemotherapy combinations using 5FU are a palliative alternative for patients with locally advanced disease, particularly those with painful symptoms. There is an urgent need for more effective treatments against metastatic disease and for better oco-regional management using a multidisciplinary approach. These patients should be treated within the framework of therapeutic trials. ER  - 
Carcinomas of the exocrine pancreas: Strategies for treatment$$$ The prognosis for carcinomas of the exocrine pancreas is worse than for any other epidemiologically relevant carcinoma and survival times are very short. Only 1-4% of affected persons survive longer than five years. Pancreatic carcinomas grow aggressively, spreading out in early stages along peripancreatic neurons and lymphatics. These tumors are usually diagnosed too late and display only limited response to radiation and chemotherapy treatment. Only a few patients with small localized cancers may undergo curative surgery, but, face an uncertain prognosis. The proper use of adjuvant and neoadjuvant treatment still has to be established. Endoscopic and surgical bypass and drainage procedures are appropriate for locally advanced tumors. Patients with good performance status may benefit from combined modality (radiochemotherapy) treatment. Median survival in metastatic carcinoma of the pancreas is four months and may be prolonged to some eight months by chemotherapy. Major problems in advanced stages are gastric outlet stenosis, bile duct occlusion, severe abdominal pain and the anorexia-cachexia syndrome. Therefore supportive care is of primary importance in these cases. Dedicated palliative care needs to include the confrontation of psychological and social problems, but may then help patients cope with the enormous burden of the rapidly advancing disease. Improving this extremely unsatisfactory therapeutic situation should include the recommendation to treat as many patients as possible, in phase I and II studies with innovative new therapies. ER  - 
Radiotherapy in case of GI-tract tumors$$$ Palliative radiotherapy has its limited value in case of locally advanced or metastatic GI-tract tumors. Curative radiation is part of the therapeutic strategy in case of esophagus and anal cancer. Intraoperative and neoadjuvant radiation therapy has an experimental character and should be evaluated within clinical trials. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant chemoradiation in pancreatic carcinoma: Preliminary results$$$ Aim of this study was to evaluate the preliminary outcomes of a multidisciplinary treatment of carcinoma of the head of the pancreas. Fourteen patients were treated with 39.8 Gy of preoperative radiotherapy combined with continuous infusion of 5FU (1000 mg/m2, days 1-4), followed by radical surgery if feasible. No patients had grade 3-4 acute toxicity during chemoradiation. Two out 14 patients showed minor response and 3 patients a disease progression. Four patients were suitable for radical surgery. Median survival of the whole group is 12 months. The treatment was feasible but new drugs should be tested to intensity the combined preoperative approach. ER  - 
Gastroduodenal perforation in cancer patients$$$ BACKGROUND/AIMS: Patients with advanced or metastatic cancer have compromised nutritional, metabolic, and immune conditions. Little is known about gastroduodenal perforation in cancer patients. METHODOLOGY: Data of 11 cancer patients with gastroduodenal perforation were retrospectively reviewed. RESULTS: There were 2 females and 9 males with a mean (± s.e.) age of 56.7 ± 4.7 years and a median of 55. The primary malignancies included lung cancers (3 cases), hepatocellular carcinomas (2 cases), squamous cell carcinomas of the tongue (2 cases), malignant lymphoma of the small bowel (1 case), adenocarcinoma of the pancreas (1 case), adenocarcinoma of the stomach (1 case), and acute lymphoblastic leukemia (1 case). The average duration of symptoms was 36.5 ± 10.1 hours (median: 24 hours). Methods of surgical treatment included simple closure of the perforation (6 cases), truncal vagotomy and pyloroplasty (3 cases), pyloroplasty (1 case), and subtotal gastrectomy (1 case). Four patients (36.4%) had post-operative complications. The post-operative hospital mortality rate was 18.2%. One patient died of sepsis with gastrointestinal hemorrhage and 1 died of hepatic failure and respiratory failure. Pre-operative shock is the only significant factor in predicting operative mortality. CONCLUSIONS: Gastroduodenal perforation occurring in cancer patients without chemotherapy had favorable short-term operative results. ER  - 
A case of gastric malignant lymphoma complicated with gastrobronchial fistula during neoadjuvant chemotherapy$$$ Gastric malignant lymphoma is rare especially when complicated with gastro-bronchial fistula. An 80-year-old woman was referred to our hospital with chief complaints of nausea and anorexia. After careful examinations, gastric malignant lymphoma and advanced colon cancer were diagnosed. On abdominal CT, tumors of the stomach were suspected of invading the spleen, pancreas and the diaphragm. According to the Classification of Gastric Carcinoma, the gastric tumors were judged beyond stage IIIa. Right-hemi colectomy for the colon cancer followed by preoperative chemotherapy for the gastric malignant lymphoma were proposed as the therapeutic strategy. During chemotherapy, perforation of the stomach was suspected, but conservative therapy was selected since the inflammation had been localized. At the end of 4 cycles of THP-COP chemotherapy, gastro-bronchial fistula was noticed. Total gastrectomy, splenectomy and closure of the fistula were performed. Although complications occurred, preoperative chemotherapy for the gastric malignant lymphoma was successful. ER  - 
Severe non-haematological toxicity after treatment with gemcitabine$$$ The authors report that 4 out of a series of 56 patients (7.1%) treated with gemcitabine developed an unexplained non- cardiogenic pulmonary distress syndrome most likely related to gemcitabine. One further patient developed ventricular arrhythmia immediately after gemcitabine exposure, leading to cardiac arrest. Between 1995 and 1998 56 patients with locally advanced or metastatic carcinoma were treated with gemcitabine. The patients suffered from breast cancer (n = 17), pancreatic cancer (n = 17), lung cancer (n-= 12), cancer of unknown primary (n = 5), ovarian cancer (n = 2), oral cavity cancer (n - 2) and cancer of the bladder (n - 1). Their median age was 55 years, and there were 33 female and 23 male patients. Fifteen patients had been pretreated with radiation therapy: 2 had received radiation therapy involving the mediastinum as treatment for non-small-cell lung cancer and cancer of unknown origin respectively, 11 patients had prior neoadjuvant or adjuvant radiation therapy of the chest wall for breast cancer and 2 patients had received radiation therapy for head/neck cancer. All patients received gemcitabine on days 1, 8 and 15 and this was repeated on day 29 at a dose of 1000 mg/m2 as a 30-min infusion in 250 ml isotonic NaCl. In 4 patients gemcitabine treatment was combined with cisplatinum, in 7 patients with a somatostatin analogue and in 1 patient with epirubicin. All other patients received gemcitabine as a single agent. We assume that the pulmonary or cardiac toxicity of 5 patients was related to gemcitabine. In 3 patients re-exposure resulted in repeated toxicity. One patient did not receive gemcitabine again because of the life-threatening nature of the primary response. Two patients had received prior radiation to the mediastinum with 62 Gy and 50 Gy respectively, 3 years and 1 year before gemcitabine application. In our experience pulmonary toxicity after gemcitabine treatment is more common than initially anticipated. Gemcitabine should be used with caution in patients who have received prior radiation to the mediastinum. ER  - 
Treatment of gastric cancer$$$ Gastric cancer (GC) still remains a major cancer problem in the world. Its prognosis is poor with an overall 5-year survival rate less than 20%. Surgical resection is still the only curative treatment of GC. Curative resection depends on tumoral location and extension, particularly lymph node involvement. Proximal GC (fundus, body) are treated by total gastrectomy (TG). For distal GC (antrum, pylorus), the TG is more the recommended treatment and distal subtotal gastrectomy can safely by performed when carcinologic rules are respected: 5-6 cm free margin for the remnant stomach and at least 2 cm resection of the proximal duodenum. Cardia cancers, upon to their tumoral extension toward the esophagus, can require either TG or proximal esophagogastrectomy by combined thoracic and abdominal approach. As demonstrated in the last controlled studies, D2 extensive lymphadenectomy, in spite of its contribution to a better pronostic staging, does not improve long term survival after curative surgery. TG extended to the spleen or to the pancreas should not be performed in curative surgery because of a high rate of postoperative complications. Limited gastric resections for superficial GC have to be evaluated in Western countries. Palliative exploratory laparotomies should be avoided by better preoperative explorations. Laparoscopic staging in GC could be indicated when palliative resection or bypass are possible. The results of adjuvant chemotherapy is still disappointing and new protocols have to be evaluated. Intraperitoneal chemotherapy with or without hyperthermia represents a serious hope in the treatment of GC, but its significative action on the survival is not well demonstrated, while its morbidity and mortality rate is high. ER  - 
Consecutive re-explorations for final resection of initially unresectable pancreatic head carcinoma$$$ BACKGROUND/AIMS: The lack of high surgical expertise and specialization of the practicing surgeon may lead some patients with pancreatic cancer to die. This study also investigates the role of combined neo and adjuvant locoregional immunochemotherapy in patients considered initially as non-amenable to resection. METHODOLOGY: 32 patients underwent re-exploration aiming at pancreatic resection. After the initial diagnostic work-up 22 of them underwent pancreatic resection during the first re-exploration. The remaining 10 patients were judged again as unresectable. All 32 patients had 2 catheters introduced into a side arterial branch of the jejunal artery and vein for locoregional immunochemotherapy. Seven out of 10, considered as unresectable initially, had pancreatic resection after immunochemotherapy regimen. RESULTS: All patients survived surgery. Early morbidity included wound infection in 3, bleeding in 1 and leakage of gastric stump in 1 patient. Treatment related toxicity included leukopenia in 4 patients, anemia in 3 and fever and chills in 21. Mean follow-up was 62 ± 1.2 months. One-, 2-, 3- and 5-year survival was 100, 80, 70 and 48% respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Our results strongly support the necessity for neo and adjuvant locoregional immunochemotherapy and its contribution to prolongation of survival. ER  - 
Adjuvant/neoadjuvant chemoradiation for gastric and pancreatic cancer.$$$ Both gastric and pancreatic cancer remain leading causes of cancer death in the United States and worldwide. While surgical resection continues to be required for long-term cure of both these neoplasms, 5-year survival rates remain poor following surgery alone. For both gastric and pancreatic cancers, studies examining patterns of recurrence following apparently curative resection repeatedly demonstrate high rates of locoregional relapse. In this setting, the addition of chemoradiation delivered either before or following surgery represents a logical strategy to improve local tumor control and possibly improve survival. Data suggest that 5-fluorouracil-based chemoradiation, when given at sufficient doses, can effectively palliate patients with unresectable gastric cancer. Whether this approach improves response and survival in patients with resectable gastric cancer remains investigational. Results of ongoing and recently completed trials will provide further information on the utility of 5-fluorouracil-based regimens, as well as the use of other radiation sensitizers, in the adjuvant setting. In patients with resectable pancreatic cancer, the primary goal should be to perform a margin-negative pancreaticoduodenectomy. The use of neoadjuvant chemoradiation may increase the likelihood of achieving this goal, and this approach is being investigated. ER  - 
A case of multiple hepatocellular carcinoma complicated with N3 regional lymph node metastases preventing tumor progression by gradual introduction of lymph node excision and high-dose chemotherapy using percutaneous isolated hepatic perfusion$$$ We experienced a case of multiple hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) complicated with N3 regional lymph node metastases. The gradual introduction of lymph node excision and high-dose chemotherapy using percutaneous isolated hepatic perfusion (PIHP) was effective in preventing progress of the tumor. The patient was a 63-year-old male who underwent a thorough medical examination because of elevated AFP at a local hospital. He was referred to our hospital. The preoperative laboratory results showed the elevation of AFP (729 ng/ml) and PIVKA-II (2,110 mAU/ml). CT scan of the liver revealed tumors in segment 4, 5 and 6, and lymph node metastases from the pancreas to the hepato-duodenal ligament. The enlarged lymph nodes were excised and the tumor in segment 5 was resected for pathological examination. Adriamycin was administered in doses of 100 mg/m2 and 80 mg/m2 using PIHP two and three months after the operation. According to the results of laboratory studies conducted 14 months after the operation, AFP was 12 ng/ml and PIVKA-II was within the normal range. CT scan of the liver showed the liquefaction degeneration of the remaining HCC. Although surgery is not generally indicated in a patient with multiple HCC complicated with N3 regional lymph node metastases, it should be considered in combination with PIHP in those with resectable extrahepatic lesion. ER  - 
Pancreatic biopsy: Why? When? How?$$$ For final diagnosis of pancreatic cancer histologic or cytologic confirmation is needed. Tissue or cell material can be achieved by percutaneous puncture as part of the preoperative workup. During operation core-needle, incisional, and wedge biopsies or fine-needle aspiration cytology (FNAC) can be chosen. Sensitivity and diagnostic accuracy are high for both histologic and cytologic examinations, and false-positive results are exceptional, giving a specificity of 100% in most published series. The complication rate is low, also for knife biopsies in recent reports, provided biopsy of seemingly normal tissue is avoided. Percutaneous puncture is currently restricted to patients found to have advanced disease and who are not candidates for laparotomy. Microscopic confirmation is required in all patients in whom chemotherapy, radiotherapy, or both are planned. However, for attempted radical surgery per se, biopsy is not mandatory if the clinical suspicion of cancer is high and the surgical team has documented low postoperative mortality and morbidity rates. ER  - 
Adjuvant therapy for pancreatic cancer$$$ Pancreatic cancer is a major cause of cancer death; and despite advances in the standards of surgery and supportive care, the median and long-term survival rates have not shown similar dramatic improvements. Techniques such as radical surgery alone cannot guarantee a cure. Previous work with conventional chemotherapy and radiotherapy in patients with advanced pancreatic cancer has indicated a role for adjuvant therapy for patients with resectable tumors. The main modalities that have been assessed are based on the Gastrointestinal Tumour Study Group (GITSG) results using 5-fluorouracil chemotherapy, external beam radiation therapy (EBRT), or both. Alternative approaches such as neoadjuvant therapy have been used, which may increase the number of patients suitable for resection; and regional therapy techniques have been used to increase the therapeutic potential by concentrating agents to the tumor bed. The results of single or combination therapy do show some improvement in survival but have been limited in most cases to retrospective nonrandomized series of patients. Therefore the results must be assessed as such. There are several large randomized trials that will deliver definitive answers in the near future as to whether conventional adjuvant therapy is effective. New approaches using novel agents for advanced disease are currently being assessed, and they may eventually identify the most appropriate and effective agents to use for pancreatic cancer in the adjuvant setting. ER  - 
Surgical resection for cancer of the cardia$$$ From the pathogenic and therapeutic point of view, adenocarcinomas of the esophagogastric junction (AEG) should be classified into adenocarcinoma of the distal esophagus (Type I), true carcinoma of the cardia (Type II), and subcardial carcinoma (Type III). This classification can be easily performed by summarizing the information available from contrast radiography, endoscopy, and intra-operative findings; it allows comparison of data between various centers and facilitates the choice of surgical therapy. A complete removal of the primary tumor and its lymphatic drainage has to be the primary goal of any surgical approach to adenocarcinoma of the esophagogastric junction. In patients with potentially resectable, true carcinoma of the cardia (AEG Type II), this can be achieved by a total gastrectomy with transhiatal resection of the distal esophagus and en bloc removal of the lymphatic drainage in the lower posterior mediastinum and along the celiac axis and superior border of the pancreas. This approach is associated with lower morbidity and provides equal long-term survival as compared to the more radical transmediastinal or abdominothoracic esophagogastrectomy. Whether a routine splenectomy for lymphadenectomy in the splenic hilus offers a survival benefit in these patients is questionable. In patients with early tumors staged as uT1 on pre-operative endosonography, a limited resection of the proximal stomach, cardia, and distal esophagus with interposition of a pedicled isoperistaltic jejunal segment appears justified since this procedure allows a complete tumor removal with adequate lymphadenctomy and offers excellent functional results. Multimodal therapy with pre-operative polychemotherapy or combined radio-chemotherapy appears to offer a significant survival benefit in patients with locally advanced tumors. With this tailored approach, extensive pre-operative staging becomes mandatory for an adequate selection of the appropriate therapeutic concept. ER  - 
Chemoradiotherapy as preoperative treatment in locally advanced unresectable pancreatic cancer patients: Results of a feasibility study$$$ Purpose: The combination of radiotherapy and fluorouracil (5-FU) in patients with locally unresectable pancreatic carcinoma has led to a significant increase in survival in comparison with radiotherapy alone. Doxifluridine (5-DFUR) is an orally active fluoropyrimidine, and its cytotoxic metabolite (5-FU) may concentrate in areas of high tumor vascularization. This trial was carried out with the aims of improving locoregional control and making lesions resectable in patients with unresectable pancreatic cancer. Methods: 5-DFUR was given at a dose of 500 mg/m2 b.i.d. by way of mouth for 4 days every other week for a total of four courses, with leucovorin 25 mg b.i.d. orally being given 2 hours before each 5-DFUR administration. External beam RT was administered at a dose of 1000 cGy per week for 3 weeks, followed by a 2-week break and then by 1000 cGy per week for a further 2 weeks (a total dose of 5000 cGy). The patients were restaged 4 weeks after the end of treatment and explored for resection in cases of partial response (PR). Results: A total of 32 patients were treated between 1992 and 1997. Ab initio unresectability was shown by laparotomy (16 cases) or computed tomography (16 cases), and was due to vascular invasion in 27 patients, massive regional nodal metastases in nine, and both in four. The median age was 63 years (range 36-71); performance status (PS) (ECOG): 0-1 = 28 and PS 2 = 4. All the patients had measurable disease and were evaluable for response. There were seven PR (22%), 10 SD (31%), and 15 PD (47%). All of the responders underwent surgical exploration, and radical resection was possible in 5. Three of these patients are still disease-free with a follow-up of 18, 27, and 65 months; the other two cases relapsed 11 and 14 months after surgery. The median survival time was 9 months for the entire group, and 1-year survival rate was 31%. The treatment was never stopped because of toxicity. There were no CTC-NCI grade 3 or 4 toxic events; grade 1-2 diarrhea was observed in 10 cases.Conclusions: This preoperative regimen was feasible and led to a successful surgical resection in 16% of otherwise inoperable cases. The median survival was comparable with the results obtained after 5-FU infusion plus radiotherapy. The resectability rate, and the benefit in terms of survival in the resected patients, make these results worthy of confirmation by larger studies. Copyright (C) 1999 Elsevier Science Inc. ER  - 
Cancer of the pancreas: Treatment strategy and directions for the future$$$ Introduction. - Pancratic carcinoma is a major public health concern, as it kills more than 6,000 people each year in France. Current knowledge and key points. - The main risk factor demonstrated by concordant case-control studies is cigarette smoking. Pancreatic carcinoma is generally diagnosed at an advanced stage. Results of radical surgery are still poor. In most of the reported series, less than 25% of the patients survive at five years. Future prospects and projects. - Postoperative radiochemotherapy slightly increases the hope of cure. In locally advanced tumors, radiochemotherapy, sometimes preoperative, allows some patients to survive more than two years. Though results of palliative chemotherapy remain very poor, some clinical benefit has been observed in randomized trials comparing this treatment with the currently best supportive treatment. ER  - 
Combined modality therapy for pancreatic cancer$$$ The purpose of this single center confirmatory study was to reveal the outcome achieved with three drug chemotherapy and split course external beam radiotherapy as a treatment for unresectable stage II and III pancreatic carcinoma. Concomitant 54 Gray split course radiation and fluorouracil on days 1-5, streptozocin on days 1-3, and CDDP on day 3 (RTFSP) were repeated every 28-days. Fifty-five consecutive patients were enrolled. Prospectively registered patients were followed for a minimum of 2 years in an intent to treat analysis. The median survival times for stage II and III patients were 22.3 and 11.9 months, and 2 and 3 year survival rates were 35.3% and 12.1%, and 13.6% and 9%, respectively (p=.049). Stage III patients younger than 65 years of age had a median survival of 15.2 months versus 6.4 months for older patients (p=.002). Downstaging of T3 tumors to T1-2 was confirmed in patients with high grade obstruction of vessels. Twenty-four downstaged patients sent for resection had a median survival of 33 months and 5 year survival of 33%. A multivariate analysis showed that stage (p=.002) and the interaction between stage and age (p=.01) predicted for survival; while tumor size, performance status, RT dose, gender, delayed RT, interrupted RT and toxicity did not. RTFSP has produced more favorable palliation and survival compared with other treatment modalities for pancreatic cancer. ER  - 
Current chemotherapeutic possibilities in pancreaticobiliary cancer$$$ At time of presentation the majority of patients with pancreaticobiliary cancer have locally advanced or metastatic disease which makes them unamenable for curative surgery. In these patients chemotherapy is an option which has gained more support over the past few years. Special problems faced in chemotherapeutic treatment are the patient's poor condition and the difficulties faced in evaluating response. 5-FU has been the only drug with some efficacy for a long time, but more recently gemcitabine appeared to be more efficient. In locally advanced pancreatic cancer the combination of chemotherapy with radiotherapy has not gained much support. However, studies are implicating better local control with combined treatment and recurrences appear more often at distant sides. In some cases irresectable tumors became resectable. Because of the poor survival after surgery with curative intent, adjuvant and neoadjuvant therapy are becoming important issues. Although studies of adjuvant therapy suggest benefit, research is seriously hampered by poor patient accrual due to the morbidity of pancreaticoduodenectomy. Neoadjuvant treatment may overcome this problem. Until now there has been only modest improvement in the treatment of pancreatic cancer. Hopefully, new treatment modalities such as immunotherapy, gene therapy and antiangiogenic therapy will alter this dismal picture. In biliary cancer the role of chemotherapy is less well defined, since only few studies with low patients numbers have been performed. ER  - 
Combined treatment of esophageal, gastric and pancreatic carcinoma - Current standards$$$ Carcinomas of the esophagus, stomach and pancreas are invasive tumors with bad prognosis. In Poland the overall 5-year survival rate for esophageal, gastric and pancreatic carcinoma is 5%, 25%, and 4%, respectively. Surgery is considered as a gold standard for both curative and palliative intents. But resectability/operability is not satisfactory and in Poland the rate for esophageal, gastric and pancreatic carcinoma is 20%, 50- 70% and less than 20%, respectively. Therefore in order to improve the surgical results current standard of treatment of advanced esophageal, gastric and pancreatic carcinoma constitutes combined modality approach associating surgery with chemotherapy and radiotherapy in different combinations, as neo-adjuvant - preoperative therapy for resectable/operable cases, as inducing modality aimed at tumor downstaging in unresectable, locally advanced cases, and as an adjuvant - postoperatively in cases after optimal surgery at risk for local recurrence (indication for radiotherapy) and for systemic spread (indication for chemotherapy). In stage II-III esophageal carcinomas the current trend is focused on preoperative programs (neo-adjuvant radio- and/or chemotherapy using mainly the drugs 5- Fluorouracyl and Cisplatinum) or definitive chemo-radiotherapy with high dose rate (HDR) brachytherapy (interstitial therapy) as an alternative for surgery. In stage IV esophageal carcinoma (metastatic disease) when pallation is only feasible, at first chemo-radiotherapy is taken into consideration, secondly external beam radiotherapy and thirdly HDR brachtherapy. Other forms of palliative treatment which are intubation, bouginage, laser vaporization or argon plasma coagulation can be used in association with oncological modalities or primarily in low performance status patients. In gastric cancer the optimal set of chemotherapeutic drugs in investigated in pallative patients (measurable metastatic lesions) using high dose (2-3 g/m2 body surface) of 5-Fluorouracyl in combination with Folinic acid (Leucovorin) and Cisplatinum. Radiotherapy is considered only postoperatively for pT3, pN2 and/or positive surgical margin patients (resection R1 - microscopically non- radical) who are not fit for further surgery. In pancreatic cancer the optimal set of chemotherapeutic drugs is also investigated in palliative patients using high doses (2 6 g/m2 body surface) of 5-Fluorouracyl and Folinic acid Gemyctabine is considered as a new prospective drug for both the first and the second line palliative therapy. In unresectable cases (locally advanced disease) HDR brachytherapy combined with chemo-radiotherapy is investigated prospectively. ER  - 
Pancreatic tumors. Additional benefit of adjuvant and neoadjuvant therapy?$$$ Increasing resection rates for pancreatic tumors and decreasing postoperative mortality rates in specialised centres let arise the question of an additional benefit of adjuvant therapy. Despite of extended and radical surgery the recurrence rates after resection of pancreatic cancer remain high. Several studies have indicated some chemo- and radiosensitivity of these tumors. Whether a (combination-)chemotherapy alone or a combined radiochemotherapy should be recommended can actually not be answered yet. However, adjuvant radiotherapy alone seems to be inferior to combined radiochemotherapy. Intraoperative radiotherapy as well as preoperative radiotherapy are not superior to postoperative percutaneous radiotherapy regarding recurrence rate and survival. Preoperative radiotherapy, preferably in combination with chemotherapy, should be considered in patients with non resectable or borderline resectable pancreatic tumors with the aim of downstaging and secondary resection. The preliminary results of regional adjuvant chemotherapy are impressing, but need to be confirmed in further, randomised studies. Overall, the availability of a good or even optimal adjuvant therapy for pancreatic cancer still seems to be far away. Therefore, all surgeons need to be encouraged to include their patients with resected pancreatic carcinoma in a current study protocol of adjuvant treatment, since only tenacious and multicentric research can lead to progress in this severe disease. ER  - 
Third International Conference on Biology, Prevention and Treatment of Gastrointestinal Malignancies. Cologne, 23-26 September 1998$$$ R. Mayer (USA), summarizing the data presented during the three-day conference, stressed the importance of the development of new cytotoxic drugs and - particularly - biological therapies as forms of treatment for patients with gastrointestinal malignancies. He also acknowledged the increasing application of molecular biology to gastrointestinal cancer through the identification of genetically-defined high-risk patients who merit costly screening techniques and the increased use of molecular 'markers' to serve as prognostic indicators and criteria for stratification in future clinical trials. Dr Mayer cautioned against allowing long-term frustration over poor surgical outcomes in patients with T3-4 esophageal cancer and enthusiasm derived from uncontrolled (i.e., phase II) trials to lead to the premature acceptance of preoperative chemoradiation therapy as standard treatment for such patients in the absence of properly controlled, adequately powered randomized studies. Dr Mayer reinforced the progress that has been made in the adjuvant treatment of colon cancer and noted the increasing number of new randomized studies that have been proposed to further enhance the likelihood for cure, particularly in patients with stage III disease. Dr Mayer concluded by presenting a series of hypothetical agenda items for the Fourth International Conference on Biology, Prevention, and Treatment of Gastrointestinal Malignancies to be held in the new millennium which he hoped would demonstrate the incorporation of biological agents into clinical trials, would document more concerted efforts to study the biology and improve the treatment for pancreatic cancer, and would begin to consider the use of 'risk-adapted' management strategies into clinical trials, based on such preclinical biological markers as intratumoral thymidylate synthase levels, apoptotic indices, allelic deletions, and the like. ER  - 
Paclitaxel and concurrent radiation therapy for locally advanced adenocarcinomas of the pancreas, stomach, and gastroesophageal junction$$$ An effective locoregional therapy is needed for adenocarcinomas of the pancreas, stomach, and gastroesophageal junction. Paclitaxel (Taxol; Bristol- Myers Squibb Company, Princeton, NJ) may enhance the effect of radiation therapy (RT). Paclitaxel synchronizes cells at G2/M, a relatively radiosensitive phase of the cell cycle. We have shown that response to paclitaxel and concurrent RT (paclitaxel/RT) was not affected by p53 mutations in non-small cell lung cancer. This finding suggested that paclitaxel/RT was a rational treatment approach for other malignancies that frequently harbor p53 mutations, such as upper gastrointestinal malignancies. We completed a phase I study of paclitaxel/RT for locally advanced pancreatic and gastric cancer. The maximum tolerated dose of paclitaxel was 50 mg/m2/wk for 6 weeks with abdominal RT. The dose-limiting toxicities were abdominal pain within the radiation field, nausea, and anorexia. Phase II studies are now under way. Twenty-five patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer have been entered at the phase II dose level of paclitaxel 50 mg/m2/wk with concurrent RT (total dose, 50 Gy). Thus far, the only grade 3/4 toxicities have been hypersensitivity reactions (n = 2), asymptomatic grade 4 neutropenia (n = 3), and nonneutropenic biliary sepsis (n = 1). Of the first 18 assessable patients with pancreatic cancer treated on the phase II study, six obtained a partial response, for a preliminary response rate of 33%. In the phase II study for locally advanced gastric cancer, 20 patients have been enrolled. Of the first 19 patients who have completed treatment, nine (47%) had grade 3/4 toxicities, including nausea, anorexia, esophagitis, and gastritis. Of the first 16 patients with gastric cancer, complete and partial responses have been observed in one and eight patients, respectively, for a preliminary response rate of 56%. We have also completed treatment on 24 patients with potentially resectable adenocarcinomas of the gastroesophageal junction with neoadjuvant paclitaxel 60 mg/m2 and cisplatin 25 mg/m2, weekly for 4 weeks, with concurrent RT (total dose, 40 Gy) followed by surgical resection. Ten patients (41%) had grade 3/4 toxicities, including neutropenia, nausea, and dehydration. Of 24 patients, four complete responses (17%) and 14 partial responses (58%) were observed, for an overall response rate of 75%. Severe esophagitis was uncommon, making this a well-tolerated outpatient regimen for adenocarcinomas of the distal esophagus. These findings demonstrate that paclitaxel-based chemoradiation for locally advanced upper gastrointestinal malignancies is well-tolerated with substantial activity. ER  - 
Multimodal treatment of neuroendocrine tumors of the pancreas and the ampulla of Vater$$$ Neuroendocrine tumors are not seen frequently. They are most commonly located in the small bowel including the vermiform appendix. Neuroendocrine tumors of pancreatic origin are extremely rare. Symptoms caused by excessive hormone production by large liver metastases often lead to their diagnosis. Preoperative diagnostics include analysis of specific hormones in serum and urine, ultrasound, CT and somatostatin receptor scintigraphy. Liver metastases of neuroendocrine tumors of the pancreas are common at the time of diagnosis. Curative resection should be performed whenever possible, although patients often benefit from debulking procedures, too. Liver metastases can be subjected to surgical resection, embolization, regional chemotherapy or local procedures such as alcohol injection or cryoablation. As an exception, liver transplantation can be considered in selected cases where radical surgery for the primary tumor could be performed and extrahepatic metastases are not present. Supplementary or alternative options include octreotide and/or interferon-α administration. In this article, we report on 6 patients suffering from primary neuroendocrine tumors of the pancreas or the ampulla of Vater who were treated at our department over the past 5 years. In addition, we discuss our own experience with this rare condition in the light of the recent literature. ER  - 
Transcatheter arterial infusion therapy in the treatment of advanced pancreatic cancer: A feasibility study$$$ Purpose: To evaluate the effects of transcatheter arterial infusion (TAI) therapy in 18 patients with advanced pancreatic cancer. Methods: The drugs infused were epirubicin 60 mg, mitomycin C 20 mg, and 5-fluorouracil 500 mg. The efficacy of TAI was evaluated by a tumor marker (CA19-9), computed tomography (CT) findings, and postoperative histopathological specimens. Results: In 10 of 15 cases, the tumor marker level was decreased after TAI therapy. In 6 of 14 cases, CT showed a decrease in the tumor size, and in 1 case, the tumor disappeared completely. In 6 cases the tumor could be resected. Necrosis, fibrosis, and degeneration of cancer cells were seen in 3 of 4 cases for whom a histopathological evaluation was done. The median survival was 11 months. In 17 patients back pain was the chief complaint, and was reduced to a self-controlled level in 10 patients following TAI therapy. No major complications were encountered. Conclusion: TAI appears to be an effective palliative treatment for advanced pancreatic cancer. ER  - 
18Fluorodeoxyglucose-positron emission tomography in the management of patients with suspected pancreatic cancer$$$ Objective: To assess the accuracy and clinical impact of 18fluorodeoxyglucose-positron emission tomography (18FDG-PET) on the management of patients with suspected primary or recurrent pancreatic adenocarcinoma, and to assess the utility of 18FDG-PET in grading tumor response to neoadjuvant chemoradiation. Summary Background Data: The diagnosis, staging, and treatment of pancreatic cancer remain difficult. Small primary tumors and hepatic metastases are often not well visualized by computed tomographic scanning (CT), resulting in a high incidence of nontherapeutic celiotomy and the frequent need for 'blind resection'. In addition, the distinction between local recurrence and nonspecific postoperative changes after resection can be difficult to ascertain on standard anatomic imaging. 18FDG-PET is a new imaging technique that takes advantage of increased glucose metabolism by tumor cells and may improve the diagnostic accuracy of preoperative studies for pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Methods: Eighty-one 18FDG-PET scans were obtained in 70 patients undergoing evaluation for suspected primary or recurrent pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Of this group, 65 underwent evaluation for suspected primary pancreatic cancer. Nine patients underwent 18FDG-PET imaging before and after neoadjuvant chemoradiation, and in eight patients 18FDG-PET scans were performed for possible recurrent adenocarcinoma after resection. The 18FDG-PET images were analyzed visually and semiquantitatively using the standard uptake ratio (SUR). The sensitivity and specificity of 18FDG-PET and CT were determined for evaluation of the preoperative diagnosis of primary pancreatic carcinoma, and the impact of 18FDG-PET on patient management was retrospectively assessed. Results: Among the 65 patients evaluated for primary tumor, 52 had proven pancreatic adenocarcinoma and 13 had benign lesions, 18FDG-PET had a higher sensitivity and specificity than CT in correctly diagnosing pancreatic carcinoma (92% and 85% vs. 65% and 62%). Eighteen patients (28%) had indeterminate or unrecognized pancreatic masses on CT clarified with 18FDG- PET. Seven patients (11%) had indeterminate or unrecognized metastatic disease clarified with 18FDG-PET. Overall, 18FDG-PET suggested potential alterations in clinical management in 28/65 patients (43%) with suspected primary pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Of the nine patients undergoing 18FDG- PET imaging before and after neoadjuvant chemoradiation, four had evidence of tumor regression by PET, three showed stable disease, and two showed tumor progression. CT was unable to detect any response to neoadjuvant therapy in this group. Eight patients had 18FDG-PET scans to evaluate suspected recurrent disease after resection. Four were noted to have new regions of 18FDG-uptake in the resection bed; four had evidence of new hepatic metastases. All proved to have metastatic pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Conclusions: These data confirm that 18FDG-PET is useful in the evaluation of patients with suspected primary or recurrent pancreatic carcinoma. 18FDG-PET is more sensitive and specific than CT in the detection of small primary tumors and in the clarification of hepatic and distant metastases. 18FDG-PET was also of benefit in assessing response to neoadjuvant chemoradiation. Although 18FDG-PET cannot replace CT in defining local tumor resectability, the application of 18FDG-PET in addition to CT may alter clinical management in a significant fraction of patients with suspected pancreatic cancer. ER  - 
Locoregional chemotherapy in pancreatic cancer$$$ BACKGROUND/AIMS: Investigating whether or not locoregional chemotherapy has an effect on survival among patients with pancreatic cancer. The possibility of radical surgical interventions for treatment of cancer of the pancreas is very low. Locoregional chemotherapy is one of the modalities advocated to increase survival of such patients. METHODOLOGY: Twenty-nine patients with cancer of the pancreas underwent surgery in our clinic. Eleven patients were female and 18 were male. Surgical procedures and adjuvant locoregional chemotherapy applied to these patients as well as survival obtained are evaluated and compared to those reported in the literature. RESULTS: Eight of the 9 patients that received curative surgery and adjuvant locoregional chemotherapy are still alive after 5, 6, 7, 7, 9, 12, 13, and 17 months. Seventeen patients with advanced stage pancreatic cancer had palliative diversion procedures. Mean survival was 10.5 months for the seven that received locoregional chemotherapy, but 6.2 months for the 10 patients that did not receive locoregional chemotherapy. Mean survival of 3 patients that had only laparotomy was 2.3 months. CONCLUSIONS: Neoadjuvant or adjuvant locoregional chemotherapy has a beneficial effect on the survival of patients that undergo curative or palliative surgery for pancreatic cancer. However further multicenter trials are necessary. ER  - 
Effect of preoperative chemotherapy on apoptosis and tissues of pancreatic adenocarcinoma$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the apoptosis and tissues change of pancreatic adenocarcinoma with or without preoperative chemotherapy and discuss the effect of preoperative regional chemotherapy on pancreatic adenocarcinoma cell. METHODS: Using the method of TUNEL and microscope, we determined the apoptosis of tumor cells and tissues changes in 30 pancreatic adenocarcinoma patients with or without preoperative chemotherapy. RESULTS: The ratio of apoptosis was much higher in the preoperatively treated group than in the untreated group (44.87 +/- 27.78) and (3.6 +/- 3.76)/HP, (P < 0.01). The ratio of apoptosis was related to the tissue type of pancreatic adenocarcinoma. The ratio of apoptosis in the highly differentiated adenocarcinoma group was much higher than that in the middle or low differentiated adenocarcinoma group (P < 0.05, P < 0.01). The inflammatory reaction and the proliferous intima of vessels were more obvious in the preoperatively treated group than in the untreated group (P < 0.05, P < 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Preoperative regional chemotherapy can effectively inhibit pancreatic adenocarcinoma by inducing the apoptosis of tumor cells. ER  - 
Raltitrexed (Tomudex(TM)) in combination treatment for colorectal cancer: New perspectives$$$ In recent years, significant advances have been achieved in the treatment of colorectal cancer, including the use of adjuvant chemotherapy following surgery in patients with colon cancer and the use of palliative chemotherapy for metastatic disease. Further potential for improvements in outcome for patients with colorectal cancer is provided by the introduction of new agents in combined treatment modalities. Although some of these new agents, such as raltitrexed, oxaliplatin and irinotecan, are active in colorectal cancer, single-agent therapy as first-line treatment has failed to demonstrate a substantial increase in survival. However, preclinical studies have indicated that combination treatments have the potential benefit of enhanced response rates. One such agent, raltitrexed, is currently under investigation in combination with 5-FU (bolus and infusional), oxaliplatin, cisplatin, irinotecan and anthracyclines, principally in patients with advanced colorectal cancer, but also in patients with other turnouts. Similarly, combinations of adjuvant or neo-adjuvant radiotherapy and chemotherapy are being investigated and can offer a benefit in the treatment of rectal, oesophageal, pancreatic and gastric cancer. Promise for the future, therefore, appears to lie in combined treatment modalities which are expected to provide superior alternatives to current standard treatments. ER  - 
Raltitrexed (Tomudex) in combination treatment for colorectal cancer: new perspectives.$$$ In recent years, significant advances have been achieved in the treatment of colorectal cancer, including the use of adjuvant chemotherapy following surgery in patients with colon cancer and the use of palliative chemotherapy for metastatic disease. Further potential for improvements in outcome for patients with colorectal cancer is provided by the introduction of new agents in combined treatment modalities. Although some of these new agents, such as raltitrexed, oxaliplatin and irinotecan, are active in colorectal cancer, single-agent therapy as first-line treatment has failed to demonstrate a substantial increase in survival. However, preclinical studies have indicated that combination treatments have the potential benefit of enhanced response rates. One such agent, raltitrexed, is currently under investigation in combination with 5-FU (bolus and infusional), oxaliplatin, cisplatin, irinotecan and anthracyclines, principally in patients with advanced colorectal cancer, but also in patients with other tumours. Similarly, combinations of adjuvant or neo-adjuvant radiotherapy and chemotherapy are being investigated and can offer a benefit in the treatment of rectal, oesophageal, pancreatic and gastric cancer. Promise for the future, therefore, appears to lie in combined treatment modalities which are expected to provide superior alternatives to current standard treatments. ER  - 
Effective intra-arterial chemotherapy for acinar cell carcinoma of the pancreas$$$ A 41-year-old man with a huge pancreatic tumor (acinar cell carcinoma) was treated by intra-arterial infusion chemotherapy with 5-fluorouracil (5-FU), mitomycin C (MMC) and cisplatin (CDDP). The tumor was significantly reduced, and he underwent a pancreaticoduodenectomy with complete excision of the tumor. Unfortunately multiple metastatic liver tumors were noted 5 months after resection. These tumors could also be markedly reduced by intra-arterial chemotherapy and the survival period was prolonged to 18 months. He suddenly died of sepsis but not from the pancreatic carcinoma. This case shows that intra-arterial infusion chemotherapy with 5-FU, MMC and CDDP can be an effective regimen for the treatment of acinar cell carcinoma of the pancreas. ER  - 
Extrapancreatic neoplasms occur with unusual frequency in patients with intraductal papillary mucinous tumors of the pancreas$$$ Objective: Intraductal papillary mucinous tumor (IPMT) of the pancreas has a favorable prognosis. Nonpancreatic primary neoplasms have potential prognostic significance in patients with IPMT. This study focused on the incidence and characteristics of nonpancreatic neoplasms in IPMT patients. Methods: Forty-two patients (mean age, 64 yr) with IPMT underwent surgery; 16 had adenoma and 26 adenocarcinoma. Preoperative and postoperative, nonpancreatic neoplasms were investigated. The mean postoperative follow-up period was 4.2 yr (range, 0.2-13 yr). Furthermore, 46 patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma were analyzed for nonpancreatic neoplasms. Results: Five-year survival rates were 100% for benign and 82% for malignant IPMT. Twenty patients (48%) had nonpancreatic neoplasms, before (n = 11), at (n = 4), and after (n = 10) surgery for IPMT. Fifteen patients (32%) had nonpancreatic malignancies. Nonpancreatic neoplasms included colorectal adenomas (21%) and adenocarcinomas (12%), and gastric carcinomas (10%). One patient died of subsequent bile duct carcinoma. Development of nonpancreatic neoplasms was related to age but not to gender, family history, adjuvant chemotherapy, or IPMT pathology. The incidences of nonpancreatic neoplasms and malignancies were significantly higher in patients with IPMT than in those with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (11% and 7%, respectively). Conclusions: IPMT is associated with a high incidence of nonpancreatic neoplasms, particularly colorectal neoplasms. In IPMT patients, systemic surveillance may allow early detection of second tumors. In preoperative screening and postoperative follow-up of patients with nonpancreatic neoplasms, the possibility of IPMT should be considered. ER  - 
Extended pancreatectomy and liver perfusion chemotherapy for resectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreas$$$ In order to increase the long-term survival after resection of pancreatic adenocarcinoma, it is essential to eradicate both locoregional recurrence and hepatic metastasis. We have added a wide range of lymphatic and connective tissue clearance to conventional pancreatectomy (extended pancreatectomy) and succeeded in improving the 5-year survival rate from 8 to 25% via decreasing the incidence of local failure. Among many procedures which together compose an extended pancreatectomy, connective tissue clearance seems to have played a more important role on patients' prognosis rather than wide range lymphadenectomy. Concomitant resection of the portal vein is recommended for selected patients, and it is important not to overlook a minute invasion even though it appears macroscopically intact. With regard to adjuvant therapy in combination with our extended pancreatectomy, the addition of preoperative irradiation failed to further improve the long-term survival rate because the cause of cancer deaths shifted from local recurrence to hepatic metastasis. When liver perfusion chemotherapy was added to this operation (without radiation), the 5-year survival rate was improved to 39% by decreasing the incidence of hepatic metastasis. In the future, a combination of extended pancreatectomy with chemoradiation plus liver perfusion chemotherapy is one of the promising approaches for this cancer. ER  - 
Surgery and multimodal treatments in pancreatic cancer--a review on the basis of future multimodal treatment concepts.$$$ BACKGROUND: To improve the surgical outcome after resection of pancreatic adenocarcinomas, multimodal treatment concepts need to be applied and improved. In spite of several positive studies, and the fact that multimodality treatment is the standard concept in major centers for pancreatic cancer surgery, a recent trial shed some doubt on the positive effect of adjuvant radiochemotherapy, so that the majority with reservations about multimodal treatment feel confirmed in their opinion that surgical treatment alone is sufficient therapy for resectable pancreatic cancer. The controversy among those for and against adjuvant treatment need an up-to-date review of the indications and results achievable with various treatment modalities. PATIENTS/METHODS: The literature on the indications and results of adjuvant/neoadjuvant therapies in pancreatic cancer was reviewed to provide a solid base for current recommendations and future developments. A special view was concentrated on the biology of the disease in the spontaneous course, after surgery and during/after various palliative and adjuvant/neoadjuvant treatment modalities, to characterize the disease for an optimally targeted treatment in conjunction with surgical removal of the tumor. The results of systemic and regional chemotherapy and radiotherapy either alone or in combination, before, during, and after surgery, were critically analyzed with respect to the oncological possibilities and pitfalls of each treatment method. RESULTS: In two randomized trials, one testing postoperative radiochemotherapy (GITSG), and one postoperative chemotherapy (Bakkevold), the adjuvant treatment achieved a significant prolongation of the median survival time. The 5- and 10-year survival rates were improved in the GITSG study. The EORTC-GITCCG trial could not confirm the benefit of adjuvant radiochemotherapy. This study had a different design than the GITSG trial. Several historical control studies supported the beneficial effect of postoperative radiochemotherapy. In three historical control trials using regional chemotherapy, one with intraoperative radiotherapy, the survival times were improved vs. surgery alone. Intraoperative or postoperative radiotherapy as single modalities might reduce local relapses, but a survival advantage is still debated. Preoperative neoadjuvant radiochemotherapy has several advantages (downstaging, devitalizing margins and lymph node metastases, compatibility of treatment vs. postoperative radiochemotherapy), and does not seem to increase the postoperative morbidity. Several trials have confirmed the feasibility of this concept, but no survival advantage has yet been proven. Systemic and regional chemotherapy is able to downstage primarily nonresectable pancreatic cancers. CONCLUSIONS: Postoperative adjuvant radiochemotherapy with up-to-date protocols can be recommended for routine treatment, if the surgeon or the patient desires to improve the usually remote prognosis after surgery alone. For those being undecisive or against adjuvant therapy, the participation in trials, e.g., ESPAC 1 and 2 studies, is strongly recommended. Regarding our own positive experience with adjuvant regional chemotherapy and in view of the postresectional progression pattern, we currently favour adjuvant radiochemotherapy, with the chemotherapy delivered regionally via the celiac axis. This concept will be tested vs. surgery alone in the ESPAC 2 trial. Neoadjuvant therapies have a great potential, but should be conducted within studies, such as pre-, intra-, or postoperative radiotherapy. ER  - 
Preoperative chemoradiation for patients with locally advanced adenocarcinoma of the pancreas$$$ Background: Improved resectability is a major theoretical benefit of preoperative chemoradiation for pancreatic cancer. Since 1994, patients at Duke University Medical Center with locally advanced pancreatic cancer have been treated with multimodality preoperative therapy. The purpose of this study was to review our experience with preoperative therapy for locally advanced pancreatic cancer and determine if an aggressive neoadjuvant regimen would not only downstage these tumors pathologically but also improve the odds of complete surgical resection. Methods: The charts of 25 patients treated with neoadjuvant chemoradiation at Duke University Medical Center with biopsy-proven, locally advanced adenocarcinoma of the pancreas were reviewed. Tumors were defined as locally advanced based on radiographic or intraoperative evidence of disease that abuts the superior mesenteric artery or vein (n = 22) or involves lymph nodes that are within the proposed radiation field (n = 3). All 25 patients received external beam radiotherapy (median dose 4500 cGy) in daily fractions of 180 cGy over 5 weeks. All patients concurrently received 5-fluorouracil (FUJ), and many also received mitomycin C or cisplatin, or both. Patients were given a 3- to 4-week break before a restaging computed tomographic (CT) scan was performed. Three patients were not restaged: one died from metastatic disease; one was reclassified as having a neuroendocrine tumor; and one was lost to follow- up. Results: On restaging after neoadjuvant therapy, 64% of patients had stable or decreased primary tumor size. Radiographically, two patients appeared potentially resectable, and seven others developed evidence of metastatic disease. Eight patients underwent exploration, but only five could he resected. Of the five patients resected, only one had negative margins and negative lymph nodes. This patient had significant pancreatitis on initial exploration. After neoadjuvant therapy, he had a complete response radiographically, and there was no residual cancer in his resection specimen. Pathologic examination of the other resection specimens suggested that despite significant tumor fibrosis, malignant cells persist even at the periphery of the lesions. Conclusion: Although neoadjuvant chemoradiation has many theoretical advantages in managing pancreatic malignancy, true pathologic downstaging of locally advanced lesions into tumors that can be removed with negative nodes and margins appears to be a rare event with currently used therapeutic regimens. ER  - 
Surgical and multimodal treatment of pT4 gastric cancer$$$ Background: The anatomical position of the stomach between pancreas, spleen, transverse colon, diaphragm, abdominal wall, supra renal glands, small bowel and retroperitoneum, explains the possible infiltration of these structures in advanced carcinoma of the stomach. Methods: Analysis of patients operated on gastric cancer between 1982 to 1997 at the Department of Surgery of the Technical University Munich. 170 patients were primarily resected with gastric carcinoma pT4, 21 patients were resected after neoadjuvant chemotherapy with uT4 carcinoma. Results: RO resections after surgical treatment alone occurred in 35.9% and in 76% of patients after neoadjuvant chemotherapy with uT4 tumors. Postoperative morbidity was 38.2% and 15%, lethality 5.9% and 0% after primary surgery and neoadjuvant chemotherapy followed by resection, respectively. 5-year overall survival for primarily surgically treated patients was 7.6% and 40% after neoadjuvant chemotherapy. Conclusions: In comparison to surgery alone in pT4 carcinoma new successful therapeutic strategies are developing. However, due to the small numbers of cases and the short observation time preliminary conclusions should be avoided. The presented results need to be evaluated in a randomised prospective study. ER  - 
Preoperative radiochemotherapy in pancreas cancer: Preliminary results$$$ Aims and background: The prognosis of pancreatic cancer remains poor. Surgery, when feasible, is rarely curative. Radiation therapy (RT) and concomitant 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) have been shown to improve survival in locally advanced pancreatic cancer. In an attempt to improve resectability and disease control, we used preoperative chemoradiation in a combined modality therapy protocol. The purpose of this study was to evaluate our initial results in terms of acute toxicity and response. Methods: From October 1995 to May 1998, 20 patients (11 males, 9 females; mean age, 60.1 years; median follow-up, 28 months) with unresectable (12 patients) or resectable (8 patients) nonmetastatic pancreatic tumors, received external beam radiation (39.6 Gy) plus 5-FU (96 hours continuous infusion, days 1-4 at 1000 mg/m2/day). After 4 weeks, patients were evaluated for surgical resection. In resected patients, electron-beam intraoperative radiation therapy (10 Gy) was given before reconstruction. Thereafter, in resected patients, adjuvant chemotherapy was prescribed (6 courses: 5-FU, mitomycin C, adriamicine). Results: During chemoradiation, no patients developed grade 3- 4 acute toxicity. Three out of twelve (25%) patients with unresectable tumors had tumor downstaging. No patients showed partial or complete responses. Four out of twenty patients (20%) had minimal tumor response. Three patients showed disease progression after chemoradiation (liver or peritoneal metastases). Nine patients underwent surgical resection and IORT, with 1 postoperative death. The median survival time for the 20 patients was 9.4 (18.5 and 8.3 months in resected and unresected patients, respectively). Conclusion: Our preliminary results suggest that preoperative 5-FU chemoradiation was well tolerated and may result in tumor downstaging but the response-rate is still low. Based on the impact of surgical resection on survival, an improvement in local response rate is necessary. ER  - 
Adjuvant concomitant chemotherapy in pancreas cancer$$$ Pancreatic cancer is a leading cause of cancer death. Despite improvement in diagnosis and treatment in the last 15 years, mortality rates essentially equal the incidence of the disease. Combination treatment with chemoradiation yields up to now better results than chemotherapy or radiotherapy given alone in consideration of substantial radio and chemoresistance of the cancer cells. This study will review the most important literature data about combination adjuvant treatment and preoperative (primary) chemoradiation in pancreatic cancer. Some other reports will be given on locoregional chemotherapy and finally a brief view on a possible perspective for promising future treatments coming from data of molecular pathology. Adjuvant chemoradiation after surgery has been shown to be superior to operation alone in potentially resectable pancreatic cancer in many studies, in terms both of local control and median overall survival. Unfortunately, a consistent percentage of patients cannot receive adjuvant treatment since late recovery after surgery or post-operative morbidity. Owing to this last reason, many authors prefer primary chemoradiation in potentially resectable pancreatic cancer; neoadjuvant treatment find out its background in other relevant biological and clinical evaluations. Some studies report encouraging results with primary chemoradiation using 5- fluorouracil. Other experiences with relatively new drugs, with potent radiosensitizing effect, such as gemcitabine or taxol are going on; many of these are phase I studies. Clinical research in the field of preoperative treatment is up to now emerging in some important Oncological Institutions. The principal actual aim seems to be that of foresee periods of treatment which will be brief and use the dose of chemotherapy that is active, giving acceptable toxicity. Ongoing trials will give, in the next years, the answer about the improvement of efficacy of treatments largely expected by all researchers. ER  - 
Surgical palliation in pancreas cancer$$$ Pancreatic carcinoma is an aggressive disease and its prognosis is dismal. Patients present with an advanced stage of disease and only a small number of patients undergo resection with a curative intent; thus the 5 years survival rate is very low. Several improvements have been made in the surgical approach with a decrease in perioperative morbidity and mortality. Results offered by chemotherapy and radiotherapy remain unsatisfactory despite a number of new drugs and considerable advancements in irradiation techniques. Jaundice, pain and gastrointestinal obstruction are the main clinical problems to be dealt with in advanced patients. Surgical palliation still represents a widely preferred option but non surgical approaches appear promising. The Authors analyse the possible options in palliation for pancreatic carcinoma. The various surgical procedures for biliary by-pass are described. Hepaticojejunostomy is the operation of choice and offers the best results in terms of quality of life and time of palliation. A possible role for resective operation also in advanced cases has been proposed by some groups and is gaining wide acceptance in referral centres where low morbidity and mortality are now routine. Percutaneous and endoscopic approaches to jaundice represent a valid alternative in some patients with a low life expectancy and in those centres with a high experience. Gastrointestinal by- pass in symptom-free patients or advanced cases only is an unsolved dilemma. New approaches such as locoregional chemotherapy with curative or neoadjuvant intent are also described in this paper. Many chemotherapic agents have been tested in various settings and appear to offer promising results in palliation and also, in some cases, in downstaging tumors then amenable to resection. Pain control is a major aspect in management of advanced pancreatic carcinoma. Appropriate pain therapy has to be established in all patients in order to obtain a better quality of life. Various options are available such as intraoperative alcohol injection or CT guided percutaneous splanchnicectomy. Palliation in patients with pancreatic carcinoma is a major aspect of management because of the high percentage of non curable cases; multimodality approach is mandatory and all possible problems have to be dealt with in order to increase survival and, more importantly, quality of life. ER  - 
Evolving trends in combined modality therapy for pancreatic cancer.$$$ Only 5%-15% of patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma undergo potentially curative resection. Evidence that postoperative adjuvant therapy improves outcome is limited to a single randomized trial utilizing split-course chemoradiation. More aggressive regimens have developed and are associated with, at best, a modest improvement in patient outcome. The potentially significant morbidity associated with pancreaticoduodenectomy, which can compromise the delivery of postoperative chemoradiation, has led to the investigations of preoperative regimens. Although such an approach is feasible, its ultimate impact warrants further evaluation. Among the 4% of patients who present with unresectable or locally advanced disease, combined modality therapy has produced the most promising results. However, only modest improvements in survival have so far been achieved. Combined modality therapy with radioisotope implantation appears to have the greatest potential for improving local control and survival in these patients. Intraoperative radiation therapy (IORT) may be associated with lower morbidity than radioisotope implantation, but its impact may be limited by radiobiological disadvantage associated with single-dose boost therapy. The problem of distant metastasis remains significant. New chemotherapeutic agents have the potential to produce better results than those achieved with 5-fluorouracil. Continued advances in surgery, radiation, and systemic therapy should lead to the increased use of modern combined modality interventions with an associated further improvement in patient outcome. ER  - 
Preoperative chemoradiation strategies for localized adenocarcinoma of the pancreas.$$$ Patients who undergo pancreaticoduodenectomy alone for adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head or uncinate process have a median survival of 12 months, and a high incidence of local tumor recurrence (50%-80%) due to the common finding of positive margins following pathologic evaluation of pancreaticoduodenectomy specimens. The available prospective and retrospective data suggest improved survival duration and local-regional tumor control when pancreaticoduodenectomy is combined with 5-FU-based chemoradiation. However, the morbidity and prolonged recovery associated with pancreaticoduodenectomy frequently prevent the timely delivery of postoperative chemoradiation. In contrast, chemoradiation delivered prior to pancreaticoduodenectomy is not associated with toxic effects which delay surgery and has not been shown to increase surgical morbidity or mortality. In fact, recent data suggest that pancreaticojejunal anastomotic leaks, the most common major complication following pancreaticoduodenectomy, are decreased in patients who receive preoperative radiation therapy. Current and future multimodality treatment strategies will capitalize on our expanding understanding of tumor growth and metastasis, allowing more effective radiation sensitizing agents to be combined with external-beam irradiation and surgery, followed by the systemic or regional delivery of novel agents that inhibit essential steps in tumor cell growth. ER  - 
Preoperative chemotherapy of chemoradiotherapy for the treatment of adenocarcinoma of the pancreas and ampulla of Vater.$$$ Much has been written about preoperative strategies in the treatment of pancreatic adenocarcinoma, yet there has been very little comment concerning other periampullary malignancies. This review discusses current issues relevant to the further development of preoperative adjuvant treatment of pancreatic adenocarcinoma. A small series of patients with ampullary adenocarcinomas treated with preoperative adjuvant chemoradiotherapy is also described. ER  - 
Advances in the diagnosis and treatment of pancreatic carcinoma$$$ Pancreatic carcinoma has a dismal prognosis. In the last years, great efforts have been made to improve diagnosis and preoperative staging of potentially curable carcinomas. Actually, the diagnosis of fairly small tumours is possible. Chemoradiation therapy protocols prior to pancreatectomy, aiming to improve survival, are currently being held. This therapy allows radiation to be distributed into well oxygenated cells before surgical devascularization. This procedure can be done with acceptable morbidity and mortality rates. In selected cases of irresectable carcinoma, surgical palliation allows a better quality of life. Pancreatoduodenal resection, along with other traditional oncological therapies, will continue to be the therapy of choice for patients with carcinoma of the head of the pancreas, without local or regional metastases. However, an intensive search for new therapeutic strategies, specially in the field of molecular biology, is being carried out. ER  - 
The role of radiotherapy in the surgical management of gastrointestinal cancer$$$ Surgery is the main mode of treatment in most gastrointestinal malignancies. Radiotherapy with or without chemotherapy is playing an increasing role as an adjunct to improve local control, survival and palliation. The principles of radiotherapy and the rationale for combination therapy are presented. The current role of radiation therapy in the GI tract is discussed by various sites. New and investigational radiotherapy techniques are outlined. ER  - 
Rapid-fractionation preoperative chemoradiation, pancreaticoduodenectomy, and intraoperative radiation therapy for resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma$$$ Purpose: To evaluate the toxicities, radiographic and pathologic responses, and event-free outcomes with combined modality treatment that involves preoperative rapid-fractionation chemoradiation, pancreaticoduodenectomy, and electron-beam intraoperative radiation therapy (EB-IORT) for patients with resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Patients and Methods: Patients with radiographically resectable localized adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head were entered onto a preoperative protocol that consisted of a 2-week course of fluorouracil (5-FU) 300 mg/m2 daily 5 days per week and concomitant rapid-fractionation radiation 30 Gy, 3 Gy daily 5 days per week. Radiographic restaging was performed 4 weeks after chemoradiation, and patients with localized disease underwent pancreaticoduodenectomy with EB-IORT 10 to 15 Gy. Results: Thirty-five patients were entered onto the study and completed chemoradiation, 34 (97%) as outpatients. Three patients (9%) experienced grade 3 nausea and vomiting; no other grade 3 or 4 toxicities were observed. Of the 27 patients taken to surgery, 20 patients (74%) underwent pancreaticoduodenectomy with EB-IORT. All patients had a less than grade III pathologic response to preoperative chemoradiation. At a median follow-up of 37 months, the 3-year survival rate in patients who underwent combined modality therapy was 23%. Conclusion: Combined modality treatment with preoperative rapid-fractionation chemoradiation, pancreaticoduodenectomy, and EB-IORT is associated with minimal toxicity and excellent locoregional control. This represents one approach to maximize the proportion of patients who receive all components of combined modality therapy and avoids the toxicity of pancreaticoduodenectomy in patients found to have metastatic disease at the time of restaging. ER  - 
Radiotherapy, local control and survival in carcinomas of the exocrine pancreas$$$ Local recurrence affects approximately 50% of patients undergoing surgery for pancreatic adenocarcinoma. To lower the incidence of locoregional recurrence, the combination with surgery of adjuvant radiotherapy has been proposed. The latter is based on external radiotherapy (ERT), intraoperative radiotherapy (IORT) or their combination. To evaluate the impact on local control and survival, results achieved in a a group of patients undergoing surgical resection and combined adjuvant radiotherapy, are analyzed. 17 patients with adenocarcinoma of the exocrine pancreas were treated with a therapeutic protocol based on pancreatectomy and intraoperative radiotherapy (IORT) to the tumor bed (10 Gy) followed by postoperative radiotherapy (50 Gy); 9 patients underwent also preoperative radiotherapy (5 Gy) to the pancreas and liver. With a median follow-up of 45 months, in 3 patients (17.6%) local recurrence was observed while 12 patients (70.6%) showed liver metastases or peritoneal spread. Median survival was 17.5 months and actuarial survival at 2 and 5 years was 41.2% and 11.2%, respectively. As compared to a moderate local control, the prognosis of patients undergoing surgical resection remained disappointing. Thus, the effort of improving results with new therapeutic modalities as preoperative radiochemotherapy and adjuvant chemotherapy, seems justified. ER  - 
Concomitant chemoradiation in therapeutic management of pancreatic and gastric adenocarcinoma$$$ The prognosis of pancreatic adenocarcinoma remains poor, with a 5-year survival rate lower than 5%. Resection, the gold standard treatment, can be performed in less than 10% of patients. Following surgery, the median survival is 12 months for the most favorable cancer patients. Concomitant chemoradiation, as an adjuvant treatment is superior to surgery alone, in terms of survival; controlled trials are currently performed. Neoadjuvant chemoradiation is a new approach, potentially able to increase survival and resection rate. This work justifies the role of these schemes, in terms of modalities and potential advantages. A second part is dedicated to gastric carcinoma, with a review of the current results of chemoradiation, whose efficiency, even though a trend can be observed, remains to be proven. Prospective adjuvant combined treatments are ongoing, in France and in the States. ER  - 
Pancreatectomy after neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy for potentially resectable exocrine adenocarcinoma of the pancreas$$$ The last of the therapeutic modalities proposed for exocrine adenocarcinoma of the pancreas which appears to be potentially resectable, neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy has many prerequisites: validation of the diagnosis, determination of resectability with a high degree of confidence and palliation of biliary obstruction when present. This rather complex strategy does not seem to have major deleterious effects on the operative procedure or the postoperative course. Only multicentric protocols will, in the near future, give an answer to the question of secondary toxic effects and improvement of survival of this new therapeutic strategy. ER  - 
Intraoperatic electron beam irradiation in pancreatic cancer.$$$ Intraoperative electron beam radiation therapy (IOERT) is a technique in which a single high fraction radiation treatment is administered at the time of surgery. Using IOERT, the total radiation dose delivered to a tumor can be increased since sensitive normal tissues are removed from the radiation field during the surgical procedure. Furthermore, while the biologic effectiveness of this single fraction is incompletely understood, it is believed to be equivalent to that of a dose at least two times greater given by means of conventional fractionation. IOERT may improve local tumor control in patients with resectable or locally advanced pancreatic cancer. At the Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH), IOERT is being investigated in the management of pancreatic cancer as a boost treatment in combination with external beam radiation, surgery and chemotherapy. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant chemoradiation for adenocarcinoma of the pancreas.$$$ Adjuvant 5-fluorouracil and concurrent radiation may improve survival following complete surgical resection in patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma. However, the morbidity and prolonged recovery associated with pancreaticoduodenectomy frequently prevents the timely delivery of postoperative chemoradiation. Therefore, the University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center (MDACC) has investigated the use of neoadjuvant chemoradiation in potentially resectable pancreatic cancer. We have incorporated a standardized approach to pretreatment staging, operative technique and pathologic evaluation. Our initial experience suggests that preoperative chemoradiation is well tolerated and may reduce loco-regional recurrence. Patients treated with rapid-fractionation preoperative chemoradiation had a significantly shorter duration of treatment compared with patients who received postoperative chemoradiation or standard-fractionation preoperative chemoradiation. New and more potent radiation-sensitizing agents such as gemcitabine may further enhance local control. Novel therapies directed at specific molecular events involved in pancreatic tumorigenesis may be incorporated into preoperative and postoperative regimens to attempt to reduce systemic relapse. ER  - 
Intraoperative radiotherapy in the combined-modality management of pancreatic cancer$$$ The purpose of this study is to assess the feasibility, clinical tolerance, local control, and survival rates using a combined-modality treatment program of intraoperative radiation, chemotherapy, and external beam radiation for the management of patients with pancreatic cancer. One hundred eighty patients with biopsy-proven adenocarcinoma of the pancreas have been treated by a single surgical practice between 1979 and 1992. Of these, 105 had locally advanced but unresectable primary tumors (stages 2 and 3). All patients were treated with a program of multimodality therapy, including surgery, chemotherapy, and radiation therapy. Three groups were identified. Group I (33 patients) received intraoperative radiation therapy (IORT) as part of their treatment. Group II (43 patients) received intraoperative radiation in the form of iodine-125 (I-125) implantation. Group III (29 patients) received no intraoperative radiation. All three groups were comparably similar with respect to age at presentation, amount of preoperative weight loss, preoperative symptoms, and tumor location. Overall perioperative mortality was 4.8 per cent (five patients), with no difference between groups noted. Perioperative complications occurred in 32 (30.4%) of the 105 patients. Complications occurred in only 18.1 per cent of patients in Group I (IORT), compared with 39.5 per cent of Group II (I-125) patients (P < 0.01). Group III patients (no intraoperative radiation) experienced complications in 31.0 per cent of cases (P = 0.09 vs Group I). Actuarial survival was 18 months for Group I (IORT) versus 15 months for Group II (I- 125). One- and 2-year actuarial survival rates were 60 and 17 per cent for patients in Group I (IORT) and 56 and 19 per cent for Group II (I-125). Actuarial local control rates for patients receiving IORT (Group I) was 70 per cent at 2 years. Patients with pancreatic cancer historically have poor survival and local control rates despite aggressive chemotherapy and radiation. The addition of intraoperative radiation to the combined modality management of pancreatic cancer offers markedly improved survival rates and local control with minimal morbidity for patients with unresectable disease. Intraoperative radiation in the form of IORT can be delivered with a significantly fewer complications than I-125 seed implantation. ER  - 
Current concepts in pancreatic cancer: Symposium summary$$$ This recent symposium featured speakers from several clinical and research disciplines. Among the findings: peptic ulcer disease is a significant predisposing risk factor (odds ratio = 3.9) for pancreatic cancer; as many as 50% of all intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasms are associated with invasive adenocarcinomas; alteration of gene expression via methylation of a gene promotor region constitutes a potentially reversible method of tumor suppressor gene inactivation; >400 transcriptional alterations of gene expression have been identified for pancreatic cancer; some common molecular markers such as p53 and HER-2/neu may be related to morphologic alterations of in situ neoplasia and to transcriptional alterations of gene expression rather than mutational events; epidermal growth factor (EGF), transforming growth factor β (TGF-β), and related molecules may modulate gene transcription via 'autocrine' or 'paracrine' mechanisms; several cytokines, amylin (islet amyloid polypeptide), and other cachexia factors are responsible for paraneoplastic peripheral insulin resistance, ineffective utilization of glucose, and profound cachexia. In the clinical diagnostic arena: the World Health Organization established a standard nomenclature for intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasms, mucinous cystic tumors, intraductal mucinous hyperplasias, and solid pseudopapillary tumors; focal glandular differentiation may be commonly identified within pancreatic endocrine neoplasms (islet cell tumors) while not necessarily implying an unfavorable prognosis typical of ductal adenocarcinomas; positron emission tomography scanning may be used for evaluation of early tumor response to novel chemotherapeutic regimens; helical computed tomography (CT) is the state of the art in preoperative imaging for pancreatic cancer; neoadjuvant 5-fluorouracil (5-FU)-based chemoradiation in 39 'resectable' patients provided a median survival of 19 months, actuarial 4-year survival of 19%, and improved local tumor control; gemcitabine has shown promise in alleviating tumor-related symptoms with a significantly better 'clinical benefit response' than single agent 5-FU (23.8 vs. 4.8%, p = 0.0022) based on change in pain intensity, daily analgesic consumption, performance status, and weight; a significant survival advantage was demonstrated in patients treated with conventional therapies whose tumors expressed p21WAF-1, an important inhibitor of cell cycle progression and downstream molecule of p53 and TGF-β; a p21-adenovirus (rAD-p21) gene therapy resulted in significant growth inhibition of pancreatic cancer cell lines in tissue culture, and development of a successful SCID mouse-human pancreatic adenocarcinoma xenograft model provided an animal model for preclinical trials of rAD-p21. ER  - 
Pancreatic neoplasms$$$ Pancreatic cancer is an important cause of cancer death in industrialized countries. There is an increased risk of developing pancreatic cancer in chronic pancreatitis, especially hereditary pancreatitis. Progressive accumulation of genetic mutations in oncogenes (eg, K-ras) and tumor suppressor genes (eg, p16, DPC4, p53) probably leads to neoplastic transformation of pancreatic ductal cells. CA 19-9 is the best available pancreatic tumor marker and may be useful to followup patients after therapy. Accurate prediction of resectability using helical computed tomography may depend on technique, protocol, and criteria used. Results of traditional adjuvant chemoradiation therapy have not produced dramatic improvements in 5-year survival. Early spread of tumor through lymph nodes and intrapancreatic nerves might explain the almost invariable recurrence after surgery. Cancer gene therapy shows promise in in vitro and animal studies. Endoscopic ultrasound may be a valuable tool to differentiate various types of cystic pancreatic tumors. Among imaging tests for gastrinomas, somatostatin receptor scintigraphy is the most sensitive. There is an explosion of interest in pancreatic cancer and the increasing understanding of the tumor biology should lead to early diagnosis and better therapy for all stages of pancreatic cancer. ER  - 
Advances in pancreatic surgery$$$ Significant advances have been made in the management of the three major diseases that affect the pancreas. Resection for pancreatic cancer is now accomplished with very low mortality rates, and the ability to diagnose resectable tumors has improved considerably. This advance has eliminated many unnecessary explorations in patients with unresectable disease. The principles for the management of severe acute pancreatitis are becoming well defined, and the mortality rates for acute necrotizing pancreatitis are lower than ever before. Several new operations have been developed for chronic pancreatitis that combine the principles of resection and drainage in a way that preserves pancreatic function as much as possible. ER  - 
Systemic and regional chemotherapy, radiotherapy and combination treatments in pancreatic cancer$$$ Only minor achievements have been made in the systemic chemotherapy of advanced pancreatic cancer, when compared to the so-called standard, 5-FU or supportive therapy. Systemic chemotherapy with the FAM-protocol induced a significant survival advantage vs untreated controls. Gemcitabine, when compared to 5-FU monotherapy, let to a longer survival and better palliation. Phase II-studies with 5-FU modulation protocols (Folinic acid + Interferon- α or Dipyridamol + Folinic acid + Mitomycin C) resulted in median survival times of 10 and 15 months, respectively. In nonresectable nonmetastasized advanced pancreatic cancer radiochemotherapy was associated with response rates of 48 - 88% and median survival times of 8 - 14 months. The survival times in radiochemotherapy were significantly prolonged, when compared to radiotherapy or chemotherapy alone. The response rates to regional chemotherapy ranged between 21% and 69% and the median survival times from 7.5-14 months. Only prospective randomized controlled studies can prove the assumed survival advantage in regional chemotherapy. In adjuvant postoperative treatment, radiochemotherapy, as shown in the GITSG study, improved the median survival time to 18 - 21 months, and the 5- and 10-year survival rates. This significant effect was also seen in historical control studies. Several studies applying either preoperative radiochemotherapy, systemic or regional chemotherapy provided evidence, that tumors may be downstaged leading to secondary resectability. In spite of this potential advantage of those neoadjuvant treatments, the survival advantage achievable by neoadjuvant treatment of all resectable and primarily nonresectable tumors must be proven in controlled trials. Our current experimental clinical concept consists of combining celiac artery infusion and radiotherapy for nonresectable UICC ≤ III and resected tumors within prospective studies, aiming at developing prospective controlled randomized trials. Regarding the actual literature results and our own experience, metastasized pancreatic cancer should be treated with 5-FU, Gemcitabine or the combination of 5-FU + Folinic acid + Interferon-α. Locally advanced pancreatic cancers without distant metastases, depending on the experience of the hospital, should receive either radiochemotherapy or regional chemotherapy. In the same sense, postoperative adjuvant treatment options are radiochemotherapy or regional chemotherapy. The validity of those treatment modalities should be confirmed in further controlled studies, before they can be recommended as standard. ER  - 
Consevative therapy of malignant liver tumors$$$ Tumors in the liver mostly represent metastases from gastrointestinal tumors, in particular: colorectal cancer, pancreatic and gastric cancer as well as carcinoids and neuroendocrinologically active tumors. Primary liver cancer is relatively rare in countries nonendemic for hepatitis B. Liver metastases from colorectal cancer and neuroendocrine tumors often exhibit a specific biology with a particular preference to grow only in the liver without rapid and/or massive extrahepatic spread. Therefore, locoregional treatment modalities for these metastases as well as for primary liver cancer might be the treatment of choice. Whereas liver metastases from carcinoids and neuroendocrine tumors are highly sensitive to locoregional treatment, in particular chemoembolization using adriamycin and starch microspheres or gel foam, liver metastases from colorectal cancer are highly sensitive to interarterial chemotherapy with 5-FU plus folinic acid, mitomycin and experimental agents such as Oxaliplatin or Irinotecan. A meta-analysis demonstrated that locoregional treatment results in a higher response rate and a borderline better survival than systemic chemotherapy in colorectal cancer; however, recent developments in systemic combination chemotherapy including 5-FU/folinic acid/Oxaliplatin or 5-FU/folinic acid/CPT-11 have demonstrated a high response rate of about 60%. Therefore, at present, the treatment of choice for liver metastases of colorectal cancer is systemic chemotherapy, followed only in case of insufficient response or progression under systemic chemotherapy, by a locoregional approach. However, the good response rate under the 3rd-generation protocols for metastatic colorectal cancer opens the avenue for a combined modality approach with preoperative systemic chemotherapy for borderline resectable or irresectable liver metastases, followed by resection in case of response. This approach allows a prolonged or even a long-term survival in about one third of the patients undergoing this procedure and should be evaluated in every patient. The liver metastases are an excellent human in-vivo model for the investigation and application of new agents and modalities including combination chemotherapies, tumor necrosis factors with hyperthermia, cytokines or gene therapeutic approaches with application of pro-drugs or apoptosis regulators specifically into the tumor cells, driven by tumor-antigene-specific promoters, e.g. for CEA. ER  - 
Role of adjuvant treatment in liver transplantation for advanced hepatocellular carcinoma.$$$ The results of liver transplantation for advanced hepatocellular carcinoma have been disappointing because of high recurrence rates, leading to low long-term survival; this indication remains controversial in an era of organ shortage. To continue to offer this treatment possibility, efforts were made to reduce recurrence and improve survival. The first approach is to maintain a strict selection policy excluding patients with extraheptic disease. The second approach is to test the efficacy of perioperative adjuvant therapies in patients selected for transplantation. The reasons for recurrence include: (1) undetected preoperative micrometastases, (2) intraoperative dissemination by surgical manipulation, and (3) acceleration of tumor growth by immunosuppression. Preoperative treatment, which may include systemic chemotherapy or arterial chemoembolization, seems necessary to limit tumor progression during the waiting period. Systemic chemotherapy has been tested pre-, intra-, and postoperatively. It is considered essential postoperatively and should be used as soon as possible after surgery (i.e., in the 1st postoperative week). Several teams have performed pilot studies that included rather limited numbers of patients, and the results were compared with those for historic controls. Published results show that chemoembolization creates tumor necrosis in most instances. This is efficient in limiting tumor progression but the effect on recurrence and survival is unknown. All authors who used postoperative chemotherapy reported improved survival over controls, with 50%-60% 3-year survival and up to 50% 5-year survival. However, recent results suggest that late recurrence may occur. Chemotherapy was usually well tolerated, although leukopenia, sometimes severe, was observed in most patients. The use of granulocyte colony-stimulating factor seems useful to overcome this problem. Perioperative adjuvant treatments seem to prolong survival in patients undergoing liver transplantation for advanced hepatocellular carcinoma, but delayed recurrence remains possible. Further studies are necessary; these should ideally be multicentric, prospective, and randomized. ER  - 
Pancreatic cancer$$$ Despite the many advances reported during the past year, pancreatic cancer remains a profound therapeutic challenge. Helical CT has become the preferred staging study at many institutions. The role of chemoradiation therapy in a preoperative and postoperative setting is being defined. Gemcitabine has become first-line therapy for patients with advanced pancreatic adenocarcinoma. It is hoped that the increasing knowledge of the molecular biology of pancreatic carcinoma will lead to improvements in diagnosing, staging, and treating pancreatic adenocarcinoma. ER  - 
Preoperative chemoradiation and pancreaticoduodenectomy for adenocarcinoma of the pancreas$$$ The goal of multimodality therapy for localized pancreatic cancer is to maximize local-regional disease control and patient survival. In contrast to surgery for other solid tumors, prolonged recovery following pancreaticoduodenectomy may prevent the timely delivery of postoperative adjuvant therapy. Therefore, efforts at The University of Texas, M.D. Anderson Cancer Center have focused on the delivery of chemotherapy and radiation therapy prior to surgery in patients with localized pancreatic cancer. Clinical trials have emphasized the use of altered-fractionation schedules of radiation therapy combined with novel radiation-sensitizing agents. All treatment schemes aim to decrease toxicity and treatment time while improving therapeutic efficacy. ER  - 
Preoperative radiation therapy and chemotherapy for adenocarcinoma of the pancreas$$$ Since preoperative radiation therapy combined with chemotherapy (CTRT) was first performed in 1986 for patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma, there have been several reported experiences with varying drugs and radiotherapy regimens. We describe those experiences and contrast them to a series of patients treated at our institution with resectional surgery before CTRT. Finally, the current role of preoperative CTRT in the therapy of pancreatic adenocarcinoma is proposed. ER  - 
Adjuvant therapies in extended pancreatectomy for ductal adenocarcinoma of the pancreas$$$ BACKGROUND/AIMS: The poor prognosis after pancreatic cancer resection is attributed to a high incidence of locoregional recurrence and hepatic metastasis. The present study was carried out in order to determine whether adjuvant therapies improve patient survival. METHODOLOGY: Preoperative irradiation and postoperative liver perfusion chemotherapy have been added to the extended pancreatectomy procedure, and a retrospective analysis of 111 patients was performed. RESULTS: Preoperative irradiation (n = 17) significantly decreased the incidence of locoregional recurrence but increased the incidence of hepatic metastasis, with no improvement in the 5-year survival rate (from 27% to 23%). In contrast, postoperative liver perfusion chemotherapy (n = 27) succeeded in improving the 5-year survival rate to 39% by significantly decreasing the incidence of hepatic metastasis. CONCLUSION: These data suggest that the patients' survival rate may be increased when these two types of adjuvant therapy are combined with extended pancreatectomy. ER  - 
Preoperative versus postoperative chemoradiation for patients with resected pancreatic adenocarcinoma$$$ Two groups of patients with adenocarcinoma of the pancreas treated with either preoperative chemoradiation (preop CTRT) or postoperative chemoradiation (postop CTRT) were retrospectively analyzed for various treatment-related parameters. Between November 1986 and October 1996, a total of 70 patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma were enrolled into preop CTRT protocols at our institution. Twenty-five patients with adenocarcinoma of the head of the pancreas underwent pancreaticoduodenectomy with curative intent. After the closure of the preop CTRT protocols, we had the opportunity to perform 23 pancreatic resections without preop CTRT. After surgery, these patients were advised to undergo CTRT. These two groups of patients were therefore selected consecutively, dependent only on the time of referral and no other bias. These two cohorts of patients are compared for various intraoperative parameters, length of hospital stay, pathologic findings, time to recurrence, and survival. Mean age was 65 and 66 years in the preop and postop CTRT groups, respectively. Sex distribution was almost equal. Treatment breaks resulting in greater than 1 week delay in the radiotherapy occurred in 2 (8%) of 25 patients in the preop CTRT group (myelotoxicity in 1 case and biliary sepsis in 1 case), whereas no treatment breaks >1 week occurred in those receiving postop CTRT. Eleven patients in preop CTRT had grade 3 or 4 toxicity, whereas none was noted in those with postop CTRT. There was one postoperative death in the preop CTRT group and none in the postop CTRT group. Mean time to the start of CTRT was 45 days (range, 20-66 days) after pancreaticoduodenectomy. Delay of >60 days to the onset of CTRT occurred in 2 (22%) patients and was attributable to patient delays in time to recover from surgery or patient noncompliance. Furthermore, 5 of 23 patients (22%) in the postop CTRT group did not receive treatment for various reasons. Average estimated operative blood loss was 1933 mL (median 1550) and 1060 mL (median 1000) for preop and postop CTRT groups, respectively. Mean length of operation was 488 minutes (median 480) and 486 minutes (median 480). Median length of postoperative stay was 22 and 20 days (ranges, 9-144 and 10-38). Pathological findings in the resected specimens showed significantly fewer involved nodes in the preop CTRT group (28 vs 87%; P = 0.0006), whereas similar numbers of nodes/patient were counted in each group (14 vs 22, P = 0.11). More negative resection margins were observed in the preop CTRT group (28 vs 56%; P = not significant). A significantly greater amount of fibrosis replacing the tumor was observed in the preop CTRT group (70 vs 40%; P = 0.0001). There were no significant survival differences observed (median 20 months vs 25 months; P = 0.48), in follow-up that ranged from 4 to 76 months (median 44 months for surviving patients) for the preop group and 4 to 40 months (median 16 months for surviving patients) for those with postop CTRT. Local failure either alone or as a component of distant failure occurred in 16 per cent (4 of 25 patients) with preop CTRT and 16.6 per cent (3 of 18) with postop CTRT. Analysis of differences between those treated with preoperative and postoperative CTRT demonstrates similarity in toxicity and effects. However, 22 per cent of patients intended for postoperative therapy did not receive treatment. ER  - 
Effects of neoadjuvant therapy on surgery of locally invasive gastrointestinal tumors$$$ Aims of neoadjuvant therapy are to increase the rate of curative surgical procedures (RO), to improve long-term survival and to better assess tumoral response to radiochemotherapy. In stage II and IIIA esophageal cancer, neoadjuvant radiochemotherapy allows interesting local responses. In stage II gastric cancer, the RO resection rate increases after neoadjuvant chemotherapy. No effect of neoadjuvant therapy has been demonstrated so far in pancreatic cancer. Preoperative radiotherapy associated with sensibilization chemotherapy is the new therapeutic standard of T3 and T4 rectal tumors, and allows a reduction in the abdominoperineal resection gate. Negative effects to neoadjuvant therapy on surgery appear to be modest. The patient benefits of an oncological treatment set up by multidisciplinary team. ER  - 
Prognostic value of CA 19-9 levels in patients with carcinoma of the pancreas treated with radiotherapy$$$ Purpose: CA 19-9 has been identified as a tumor marker for pancreatic carcinoma and has been shown to have some utility in predicting outcome in surgically treated patients. The purpose of this study was to evaluate its usefulness as a prognostic indicator in patients treated with radiotherapy. Materials and Methods: A retrospective review of all patients treated with radiotherapy of definitive intent (n = 104) for carcinoma of the pancreas at Fox Chase Cancer Center from 1980-1994 was undertaken. Patients were categorized into four groups: Planned preoperative radiation with resection (n = 25); planned preoperative radiation without successful resection (n = 35); postoperative radiation (n = 21); and radiation without planned resection (n = 23). For each group, except those treated without planned resection, median dose for external beam radiotherapy was 50.4 Gy (range = 21.6-63.0 Gy). Those in the remaining fourth group were treated with a median dose of 55.8 Gy (range = 36.0-60.4 Gy). 97% of patients in the first three groups were also treated with 5-FU-based chemotherapy, as were 61% of those in the fourth group. Pretreatment and follow-up CA 19-9 levels were available for 69 patients. Results: Median survival time for all groups was 10 months (range = 1-67 months). Univariate analysis showed significant differences in survival among the groups: Preop with resection 22 months; preop without resection 10 months, postop 17 months; and without planned resection 12 months (p = 0.0005). Overall, patients who underwent resection had a median survival time of 19 months, compared to 11 months in those who did not (p = 0.0006). CA 19-9 level at diagnosis was found to be a significant prognostic indicator on univariate analysis, with a median survival time of 8 months in those having a level greater than the median of 680 U/ml, compared to 20 months in those who did not (p = 0.0003). Similarly, the posttreatment nadir was significant, with a median survival time of 11 months in those with levels above the median of 162.5 U/ml, vs. 26 months in those with levels below 162.5 U/ml (p = 0.001). The median survival time for patients whose CA 19-9 levels decreased in response to treatment by more than 75% was 23 months (range = 6-34 months) vs. 8 months (range = 3-21) in those with 75% or less response (p = 0.003). On stepwise multivariate analysis, pretreatment CA 19- 9 level was found to be a significant predictor of survival (p = 0.005). Other potential indicators of outcome, including age, gender, KPS, prediagnosis weight loss, location of tumor, clinical TNM staging, size of lesion, vascular involvement on angiography, and sequence of radiation with respect to resection, were evaluated and were not found to be significant. Conclusion: CA 19-9 was demonstrated to be a useful prognostic indicator in patients treated with radiotherapy; other, more traditional, indicators of outcome were of less utility. ER  - 
Preoperative diagnosis and surgical management of neuroendocrine gastroenteropancreatic tumors: General recommendations by a consensus workshop$$$ In 1996 a consensus workshop on the preoperative diagnosis and surgical treatment of neuroendocrine tumor disease took place in Berlin. Although there was a consensus on the diagnosis and surgical treatment by world experts in neuroendocrine surgery in some areas, it became clear that certain management policies vary among centers. In large part, diverging policies reflect a lack of controlled studies. This paper summarizes the various opinions brought forward during this conference and emphasizes consensus approaches for the diagnosis and therapy of neuroendocrine neoplasms. ER  - 
Nutritional status of gastric cancer patients after total gastrectomy$$$ A number of causes of malnutrition after total gastrectomy have been proposed. The purpose of this study was to assess nutritional status and to determine the cause of malnutrition after total gastrectomy. We studied 20 gastric cancer patients who had undergone total gastrectomy and immmunochemotherapy and 6 normal controls. Nutritional status was assessed by dietary history, anthropometric methods, and serologic measurements. Malabsorption tests included the fecal fat excretion test, D-xylose absorption test, glucose tolerance test, vitamin B12 absorption test using dual isotopes, bacterial culture of jejunal aspirates, and jejunal biopsy. Weight loss was compared to the preoperative status in all patients (average 15%: 59.0 ± 9.9 vs. 50.2 ± 7.8 kg, preoperatively vs. postoperatively). Average daily calorie intake was 1586.2 kcal, which is lower than the normal intake of Korean adults (1838 kcal). Malnutrition of skeletal and visceral protein was not found. There was, however, severe fat malnutrition and a deficit of body fat. Postoperatively the body mass index was considerably lower than that preoperatively (22.2 ± 0.4 vs. 18.9 ± 0.4 kg/m2; preoperatively vs. postoperatively). With malabsorption tests, the daily excreted amount of fecal fat was 28.6 ± 3.4 g (mean ± SD) in patients and 6.9 ± 0.2 g in controls. There was no significant malabsorption of carbohydrates. In 64.3% (9/14) of patients, vitamin B12 absorption was abnormal; and the serum concentration of vitamin B12, which was significantly related to malabsorption of this vitamin, was lower than normal in 73.7% (14/19). Bacterial overgrowth was not found, and there were no abnormal histologic findings in the jejunal mucosa. These results suggest that poor oral intake and fat malabsorption following total gastrectomy cause malnutrition and that fat malabsorption may be related to relative pancreatic insufficiency. ER  - 
Adjuvant therapy for pancreatic cancer: current status.$$$ Only 5% to 15% of patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma are candidates for a potentially curative resection. Evidence that postoperative adjuvant therapy improves outcome has been limited to a single randomized trial of a well tolerated split-course, 5-Fluorouracil (5-FU) based, chemoradiation regimen. More aggressive regimens have since been developed and are associated with, at best, a modest improvement in patient outcome. The potentially significant morbidity associated with pancreaticoduodenectomy, which can compromise the delivery of postoperative adjuvant chemoradiation, has led to the development of preoperative (adjuvant/neoadjuvant chemoradiation) regimens in these patients. Although experience suggests that such an approach is feasible, the ultimate impact warrants further evaluation. In addition, despite evolving experiences towards more dose intensive pre or postoperative adjuvant chemoradiation regimens, the problem of distant metastases remains significant. New chemotherapeutic agents, such as gemcitabine, appear to have the potential to produce better results than those achieved over the last quarter century with 5-FU. A cooperative group study has recently been activated and is evaluating its impact in an adjuvant setting when given in addition to 5-FU based chemoradiation. In the meantime, ongoing investigations into optimal integration of different therapeutic modalities, along with advances in surgery, radiation, and systemic therapy, should lead us towards further improvements in outcomes for these patients. ER  - 
Integrated radiosurgical treatment of resectable pancreatic head carcinoma$$$ Thirty-six patients with pancreatic head carcinoma entered a protocol, but only 20 were suitable for resection and evaluation of long-term survival. They were nine males and 11 females, with a mean age of 64.3 years. Following surgical resection, 10 Gy was delivered to the tumor bed intraoperatively. Postoperative radiotherapy was performed 4-6 weeks after surgery: patients were treated with 50.4 Gy (1.8 Gy/day, 5 days/week) to the tumor and nodal bed. Since 1991, 10 patients have also received preoperative short-course radiotherapy (5 Gy) of the liver and pancreas. Postoperative morbidity was 25%; two postoperative deaths were observed in patients with locally advanced neoplasms, in whom a vascular resection was also performed. Only 14 patients started postoperative radiotherapy, which was interrupted in two cases. At present, 14 patients are dead and four are alive and disease free. The local recurrence rate was 11.1% and distant metastases were observed in 66.7% of cases. The median actuarial survival was 11.9 months, but it was 18.5 months in patients with disease-free resection margins. A significantly better survival was also observed in patients submitted to short-course preoperative radiotherapy. These preliminary results show that intraoperative and perioperative radiotherapy is feasible and may improve local control of disease. Unfortunately, these results are not matched by a significant improvement in survival due to the high incidence of intraabdominal metastases. Thus, new therapeutic modalities, including preoperative radiotherapy (with or without chemotherapy), should be tested. ER  - 
Phase II trial of preoperative radiation therapy and chemotherapy for patients with localized, resectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreas: An Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group Study$$$ Purpose: A prospective, multiinstitutional trial was initiated in 1991 to examine the tolerance to and efficacy of a program of preoperative chemotherapy (CTRT) and surgical resection for patients with localized adenocarcinoma of the pancreas. Patients and Methods: Fifty-three patients were assessable for analysis, with a median follow-up of 52 months for survivors. Radiation therapy (RT) totaling 5,040 cGy in 180 cGy fractions with mitomycin 10 mg/m2 day 2 and flourouracil (5-FU) 1,000 mg/m2/d continuous infusion days 2 through 5 and 29 through 32 were given as preoperative adjuvant therapy. Twelve patients did not proceed to surgery (one death, one toxicity, three local progression, six distant metastases, one intercurrent illness), whereas 41 patients underwent surgery. Of these, 17 patients did not have resection (11, hepatic and/or peritoneal metastases and six local extension that precluded resection). Twenty-four patients had tumor resection (19 Whipple, four total pancreatectomy, one distal pancreatectomy). Results: Treatment toxicity was primarily hematologic, although a comparable number suffered biliary tract complications, either from obstruction or cholangitis as a result of an occluded stent or the primary tumor. There was one postoperative death. Median survival for the entire group and for the 24 patients with resection was 9.7 and 15.7 months. This survival rate reflected the advanced state of most resected cancers (positive peritoneal cytology, three patients; margins within 2 mm, 13 patients; involved lymph nodes, four patients; and need for superior mesenteric vein (SMV) resection, four patients). Tumor progression was most frequent at metastatic sites. Conclusion: This preoperative CTRT protocol was feasible and safe in a cooperative group setting. Entry of patients with advanced tumors probably accounted for the suboptimal resectability and survival results. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant chemoradiation for adenocarcinoma of the pancreas$$$ Pancreaticoduodenectomy is performed on carefully selected patients as part of a protocol-based clinical research program emphasizing the importance of multimodality management for patients with potentially resectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head. Treatment schemas emphasize the importance of minimizing toxicity and treatment duration, while attempting to improve therapeutic efficacy. Cytotoxicity is enhanced by combining radiation therapy with more potent radiation-sensitizing agents. Because of the high incidence of liver metastases, systemic therapy is continued after chemoradiation and surgery with systemic agents of low toxicity directed at specific molecular events involved in pancreatic tumorigenesis such as inhibition of angiogenesis, induction of apoptosis, or arrest of the cell cycle. ER  - 
Pancreatic cancer: Local success and distant failure$$$ The cure rate for pancreatic cancer remains less than 5% despite more than 20 years of clinical trials. Nevertheless, a select group of patients benefit from therapy at all stages of disease and important concepts regarding patient care have emerged. The development of agents such as gemcitabine and docetaxel have spurred a new generation of clinical trials in pancreatic cancer. An appreciation for the results of the many adjuvant and neoadjuvant trials and the application of lessons learned in the care of these patients is necessary to design the new trials. ER  - 
Resection and radiochemotherapy of pancreatic cancer - The future?$$$ Background: To improve the surgical outcome after resection of pancreatic adenocarcinomas, multimodal treatment concepts need to be applied and improved. The controversies among those being pro and contra adjuvant treatment need an up-to-date review of the indications and results achievable with various treatment modalities. Patients/Methods: The literature regarding the indications and results of adjuvant/neoadjuvant therapies in pancreatic cancer was reviewed to provide a solid base for current recommendations and future developments. The biology of the disease in the spontaneous course, after surgery and during/after various palliative and adjuvant/neoadjuvant treatment modalities was focussed on, to characterise the disease for an optimally targeted treatment in conjunction with surgical removal of the tumour. The results of systemic and regional chemotherapy and radiotherapy, either alone or in combination, before, during and after surgery were critically analysed with respect to the oncological possibilities and pitfalls of each treatment method. Results: In two randomised trials, one testing postoperative radiochemotherapy (GITSG), and one postoperative chemotherapy, the adjuvant treatment achieved a significant prolongation of the median survival time. The 5-year and 10-year survival rates were improved in the GITSG study. The EORTC-GITCCG trial could not confirm the benefit of adjuvant radiochemotherapy. This study had a different design than the GITSG trial. Several historical control studies supported the beneficial effect of postoperative radiochemotherapy. In three historical control trials using regional chemotherapy, one with intraoperative radiotherapy, the survival times were improved compared with surgery alone. Intraoperative or postoperative radiotherapy as single modalities might reduce local relapses, but a survival advantage is still debated. Preoperative neoadjuvant radiochemotherapy has several advantages (downstaging, devitalising margins and lymph node metastases, compatibility of treatment vs. postoperative radiochemotherapy), and does not seem to increase the postoperative morbidity. Several trials have confirmed the feasibility of this concept, but no survival advantage has yet been proven. Systemic and regional chemotherapy is able to downstage primarily nonresectable pancreatic cancers. Conclusions: Postoperative adjuvant radiochemotherapy with up-to-date protocols can be recommended for routine treatment, if the surgeon or the patient desires to improve the usually remote prognosis after surgery alone. For those being indecisive or against adjuvant therapy, the participation in trials, e.g. the ESPAC 1 and 2 studies, is strongly recommended. Regarding our own positive experience with adjuvant regional chemotherapy and in view of the postresectional progression pattern, we currently favour adjuvant radiochemotherapy, with the chemotherapy delivered regionally via the celiac axis. This concept will be tested against surgery alone in the ESPAC 2 trial. Neoadjuvant therapies have a great potential, but should be conducted within studies, such as pre-, intra-, or postoperative radiotherapy. ER  - 
Does neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy increase pancreatic cancer resectability?$$$ Purpose of the study: Pre-operative radiochemotherapy is the most recent therapeutic option in the pre-operative downstaging of pancreatic cancer and in decreasing the rate of positive resection margins. The purpose of the study was to evaluate tolerance and efficacy of pre-operative radiochemotherapy in unresectable pancreatic cancers. Material and methods: This study included seven cases of pancreatic cancer considered unresectable. The patients received preoperatively 50 grays within a 5-week period associated with 5 FU and Platin during the 1st and 5th weeks. Results: After radiochemotherapy, tomodensitometric evaluation showed a minor response in two cases. A pancreatico-duodenectomy could be performed in these two patients without any increase of pre- or post-operative morbidity or mortality. Conclusions: The results of the study suggest that preoperative radiochemotherapy may increase pancreatic cancer resectability. This hypothesis should by confirmed by a prospective randomised trial. ER  - 
FNAC guided by computed tomography in the diagnosis of primary pancreatic adenosquamous carcinoma: A report of three cases$$$ BACKGROUND: Pancreatic adenosquamous carcinoma (ASqC) is an unusual histologic subtype of nonendocrine neoplasia of the pancreas. Although fine needle aspiration cytology (FNAC) is now accepted as a reliable procedure for the diagnosis of pancreatic malignancies, many of these unusual tumors are still diagnosed after surgery or at necropsy. CASES: Between January 1995 and July 1996, 3 of 35 primary pancreatic malignant tumors were diagnosed as ASqC based on computed tomography-guided FNAC. After cytologic diagnosis, all three patients were treated with neoadjuvant chemotherapy and radiotherapy. Two patients completed the treatment and underwent a surgical pancreatic- duodenectomy with antrectomy. The remaining patient is currently under treatment. That patient had a highly infiltrative pancreatic mass that affected the muscular small bowel wall. An endoscopic biopsy was performed. The cytologic diagnosis was confirmed by histology in all cases. Immunohistochemically both components, squamous and glandular, showed reactivity for several keratins, while only the glandular pattern was reactive with carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA). CONCLUSION: FNAC is an accurate, rapid and sensitive tool in the diagnosis of ASqC of the pancreas. We recommend a careful search for both malignant components. Immunoreactivity for CEA can be of help in the detection of the glandular component of this tumor. ER  - 
A case report of preoperative intra-arterial infusion chemotherapy for pancreatic head carcinoma$$$ Intra-arterial infusion chemotherapy was given preoperatively to one patient with pancreatic head adenocarcinoma, in order to prevent local failure after surgery. Under an angiographic procedure, a catheter was placed in the gastroduodenal artery after embolizing the right gastric artery and gastroepiploic artery. Before surgery, 5-fluorouracil (250 mg/day) had been continuously infused for 2 weeks and bolus infusion of methotrexate (25 mg) with 5 μg of angiotensin-II had been performed every 3 days. As a result, the maximum diameter of the pancreatic tumor decreased from 3 cm to 2 cm on the CT-Scan. An extended pancreatoduodenectomy with portal vein reconstruction was performed. In histologic study, degenerative tumor cells were shown not only in the primary tumor but also in the extrapancreatic perineural invasion. ER  - 
Intraoperative gamma detection reveals abdominal endocrine tumors more efficiently than somatostatin receptor scintigraphy$$$ BACKGROUND. [111In]-diethylenetriamine pentaacetic acid (DTPA)-D- [Phe1]-octreotide (OctreoScan®, Mallinckrodt Medical, Petten, The Netherlands), combined with single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT), has limited possibilities to detect small abdominal endocrine tumors. This study explores the efficacy of OctreoScan® and a newly developed handheld gamma detector probe (H-probe2) for the localization of neuroendocrine abdominal tumors. METHODS. Twenty-one patients with endocrine pancreatic or midgut carcinoid tumors were given 100-200 megabecquerels (MBq) [111In]-DTPA-D-(Phe1]-octreotide and underwent preoperative SPECT examination, after which time surgery was undertaken within 24-48 hours. Intraoperatively the radioactivity of tumors and normal tissues was measured with the H-probe2 connected to a portable personal computer. Resected intestinal specimens of ten patients with carcinoid tumors were examined by gamma camera ex vivo. Biopsies of all tumors subsequently were investigated in a wellcounter and by routine histopathology. RESULTS. Disregarding liver metastases, a total of 34 of 60 abdominal tumors were detected by SPECT; however, SPECT failed to visualize any tumor < 9 mm. The shielding of the manual probe allowed intraoperative examination despite the substantial radiation energy of 111In. The H- probe2 detected 91% of the tumors investigated, and these included all those > 5 min. In the wellcounter the H-probe2-detected tumors exhibited 4.7-157.7 times higher radionuclide uptake than the surrounding normal tissues. The gamma camera analysis detected 68% of tumors in the resected specimens. CONCLUSIONS. The intraoperative H-probe2 examination provided substantial improvement in the detection of small endocrine lesions accumulating [111In]-DTPA-D-[Phe1]-octreotide and all lesions with a size > 5 mm in greatest dimension could be identified. ER  - 
Hypoxyradiotherapy of malignant tumors: experience and perspectives$$$ The results of the randomized treatment of 1,280 cancer patients (hypooxyradiotherapy (HRT)--923, radiotherapy as a control procedure--357) are discussed. HRT was administered pre-operatively to cases of stomach cancer, colonic carcinoma and breast cancer. Owing to reduced radiation injury caused by HRT, pre-operative dosage was increased by 50% (single dose--6 Gy; total dose--30 Gy; 54 isoGy) in stomach cancer patients, and by 25% (single dose--5; total dose--25 Gy; 40 isoGy) in colonic cancer patients. The time of pre-operative irradiation with a single HRT dose of 10 Gy (28 isoGy) for breast tumors was reduced 4 times. As a result of HRT application, dosage rose by 25-42% in treating pancreatic carcinoma and non-organ retroperitoneal tumors. ER  - 
Adjuvant chemo- and radiotherapy for pancreatic cancer$$$ Background: The surgical treatment of pancreatic cancer has been considerably improved in specialized centers with respect to perioperative mortality and long term survival. Nonetheless resectability rates above 40% can not be achieved even in these centers and approximately 3 of 4 radically treated patients die within 5 years owing to local recurrence and peritoneal or liver metastases. The necessity for adjuvant therapeutical measures is thus obvious and can not be doubted. Methods: This paper discusses adjuvant and neoadjuvant treatment strategies and makes an attempt to stress the most promising therapeutical approaches. Results: Randomized controlled trials with the administration of chemo- and/or radiotherapy after radical surgery are rare, the palliative indication has been investigated predominantly and so far these results have been discouraging. Conclusions: The adjuvant chemo- or radiotherapeutic treatment of pancreatic cancer patients can not be demanded as a routine measure. The individual decision for adjuvant treatment is within the discretion of the treating institution. According to the authors' opinion adjuvant chemotherapy and radiotherapy should be subject to further investigation in clinical trials. ER  - 
Palliative, adjuvant therapeutic options in pancreatic cancer with special regard to regional chemotherapeutic options$$$ Background: The insufficient long-term results, even after radical operation of malignant pancreatic tumors, force the development of new multimodal therapeutic strategies. Methods: The results of adjuvant and neoadjuvant chemotherapy have been reviewed in context with the clinical results of palliative therapeutic protocols in advanced pancreatic cancer (adenocarcinoma). Results: With respect to the biology of ductal pancreatic cancer the postoperative radiochemotherapy seems to be the most effective and established procedure. With postoperative radiochemotherapy, the Gastrointestinal Tumor Study Group could extend median survival times of untreated controls from 11 to 18 to 20 months in treated patients. These results were reproduced in non-randomizing trials concerning the length of surivival time (Mayo Clinic). Preoperative radiochemotherapy might lead to a downstaging of the tumour and an increase of resectability; an extend of survival is not assured. Systemic adjuvant chemotherapy with the FAM-Protocol increased survival in one randomized trial. However, this trial also included patients with papillary cancers. 2 groups were able to provide evidence that adjuvants regional chemotherapy might increase survival from 9.3 to 21 months or 18 to >24 months respectively, when treated versus historical control patients were compared. Conclusions: The combination of radiotherapy and celiac artery infusion seems to be the most promising strategy to treat either locally advanced non-resectable or resected pancreatic cancer. ER  - 
Prospective, randomized trial of octreotide to prevent pancreatic fistula after pancreaticoduodenectomy for malignant disease$$$ Objective: This study was conducted to determine whether the perioperative administration of octreotide decreases the incidence of pancreatic anastomotic leak after pancreaticoduodenectomy for malignancy. Summary Background Data: Three multicenter, prospective, randomized trials concluded that patients who receive octreotide during and after pancreatic resection have a reduction in the total number of complications or a decreased incidence of pancreatic fistula. However, in the subset of patients who underwent pancreaticoduodenectomy for malignancy, either no analysis was performed or no benefit from octreotide could be demonstrated. Methods: A single-institution, prospective, randomized trial was conducted between June 1991 and December 1995 involving 120 patients who were randomized to receive octreotide (150 μg subcutaneously every 8 hours through postoperative day 5) or no further treatment after pancreaticoduodenectomy for malignancy. The surgical technique was standardized, and the pancreaticojejunal anastomosis was created using the duct-to-mucosa or invagination technique. Results: The two patient groups were similar with respect to patient demographics, treatment variables, and histologic diagnoses. The rate of clinically significant pancreatic leak was 12% in the octreotide group and 6% in the control group (p = 0.23). Perioperative morbidity was 30% and 25%, respectively. Patients who underwent reoperative pancreaticoduodenectomy had an increased incidence of pancreatic anastomotic leak, whereas those who received preoperative chemoradiation had a decreased incidence of pancreatic anastomotic leak. Conclusions: The routine use of octreotide after pancreaticoduodenectomy for malignancy cannot be recommended. ER  - 
Current and emerging treatments for pancreatic cancer$$$ The worldwide annual pancreatic cancer death rate equals its estimated annual incidence. Surgery has been considered the only curative modality for this disease, but only 5 to 15% of patients are candidates for potentially curative resection. Evidence that postoperative adjuvant treatment improves outcome has been limited to a single randomised trial of a well tolerated split-course chemoradiation regimen. More intensive regimens have since been developed and are associated with, at best, a modest improvement in patient outcome. The potentially significant morbidity associated with pancreaticoduodenectomy, which can compromise the delivery of postoperative adjuvant chemoradiation, has led to the development of preoperative adjuvant ('neoadjuvant') chemoradiation in these patients. Although experience suggests that such an approach is feasible, its ultimate impact awaits further evaluation. Combined modality therapy has produced the most promising results in patients with unresectable or locally advanced disease. However, only modest improvements in median survival and minimal increases in long term survival have so far been achieved. This observation has encouraged many investigators to devise innovative methods of delivering therapy, including radioisotope implantation and intraoperative radiation therapy (IORT). Combined modality therapy with radioisotope implantation appears to have the greatest potential for improving local control and survival in these patients. IORT may be associated with lower morbidity than radioisotope implantation, but its impact may be limited by the radiobiological disadvantage associated with single dose boost therapy. Although new radiosensitising drugs are being tested, the problem of distant metastasis remains significant. New chemotherapeutic agents such as gemcitabine appear to have the potential to produce better results than those achieved over the last 35 years with fluorouracil. Investigations into the optimal integration of different therapeutic modalities, along with continued advances in surgery, radiation and systemic therapy, should lead to the increased use of modern multimodality interventions. In turn, this will lead us towards further improvements in outcomes for patients with pancreatic carcinoma. ER  - 
New approaches to the treatment of gastro-intestinal cancer$$$ A number of new cytotoxic agents are currently being assessed for the treatment of gastro-intestinal cancers. Colorectal cancer has been successfully treated with several direct thymidylate synthase inhibitors, oral 5-fluorouracil analogues, irinotecan, and oxaliplatin, alone and in combination regimens. Upper gastro-intestinal malignancies are also proving responsive to combinations including irinotecan and the taxanes. Pancreatic cancer, while remaining relatively chemoresistant, is proving treatable with the new direct thymidylate synthase inhibitors, docetaxel, and gemcitabine, improvements in quality of life being an important outcome. New strategies of treatment delivery are also proving beneficial. Neo-adjuvant chemotherapy is well tolerated for the treatment of gastric cancer and results in tumour downstaging. Randomized trials will show wheter this translates into a survival advantage. Combination chemoradiation for oesophageal, pancreatic, and rectal cancers also appears to be an effective strategy. Biological therapies including hormonal manipulation, immunotherapy, angiogenesis inhibition, and gene-directed therapies are the subjects of intensive research at present, with many approaches being applied in early clinical trials. These have demonstrated the tolerability of many of these treatments with evidence for activity in some cases. ER  - 
Adenocarcinoma of the pancreas. Therapeutic strategics in 1997$$$ The prognosis for adenocarcinoma of the pancreas remains poor. Besides surgical treatment of operable localised tumours, many questions are raised: what is the role of adjuvant therapies, chemo-radiotherapy, pre-operative or post-operative combinations, and what is the role of radiotherapy or chemo- radiotherapy during surgery? In the case of inoperable tumours, there is no consensus on the role and the value of various protocols whose toxicity is generally high. Improvements in treatment must come from a better understanding of the role of various prognostic factors (biological markers in particular). ER  - 
Role of adjuvant chemoradiation in therapeutic management of pancreatic adenocarcinoma$$$ The prognosis of pancreatic adenocarcinoma remains poor, with a 5-year survival rate lower than 5%. Resection, the gold standard treatment, can be performed in less than 10% of patients. Following surgery, the median survival is 12 months for the most favorable patients. Concomitant chemoradiation, as an adjuvant treatment is superior to surgery alone, in terms of survival, controlled trials are currently performed. Neoadjuvant chemoradiation is a new approach, potentially able to increase survival and resection rate. This work justifies the role of these schemes, in terms of modalities and potential advantages. ER  - 
Fight against ductal pancreatic cancer: Stagnation or progress? The point of view of fondation francaise de cancerologie digestive (FFCD)$$$ This paper updates recent trends concerning ductal pancreatic cancer. Knowledge of the cellular mechanisms has improved, and new developments in imaging allow a more accurate staging. Although operative mortality sharply decreased during these last 15 years, the prognosis of pancreatic carcinoma remains dismal, due to late diagnosis, as only one out of ten patients is considered for curative resection. Therapeutic research groups, and among them the Fondation francaise de cancerologie digestive (FFCD), do their best to develop new therapeutic strategies, including post-operative or preferentially pre-operative radiochemotherapeutic adjuvant treatments, and to improve chemotherapy in metastatic cancers. ER  - 
Usefulness of 18FDG positron emission tomography in detection and follow-up of digestive cancers$$$ PET is a diagnostic method that creates high resolution, 3 dimensional tomographic images of the distribution of positron emitting radionuclides in the human body. Recent technological developments allow the use of whole- body PET devices in clinical oncology. 18FDG is a glucose analog transported and competitively used with glucose reflecting the increased glucose metabolism into malignant cells. Differential diagnosis between chronic pancreatitis and pancreatic cancer is already a well-documented indication. For initial staging of gastro-esophageal and colorectal tumours, results are preliminary but the clinical impact seems to be rather limited. At present, the major indication of FDG-PET is the detection and staging of colorectal cancer recurrences. FDG-PET allows the differentiation between scared tissue and tumour when structural imaging is often confusion. In the same time, the whole-body imaging capability provides unique information that can modify loco-regional and liver staging. Overall, FDG-PET affects the clinical management of 30 to 40% of these patients. Quantitative assessment of therapeutic response to chemotherapy regimen appears to be one of the most promising applications of FDG-PET. Since the most effective therapy of colorectal cancer are often surgical, the role of chemotherapy in colorectal cancer remains limited to adjuvant therapy and in advanced disease. However, FDG-PET could be of great value in assessing the response of oesophageal carcinomas to chemo-radio therapy, before surgery. In our experience, FDG- PET appears to be the first line diagnostic method in the detection and staging of colorectal recurrence and differential diagnosis of pancreatic tumour versus chronic pancreatitis. ER  - 
Pancreatic adenocarcinoma: Adjuvant, neoadjuvant, and intraoperative chemoradiation$$$ Recent data suggest that multimodality therapy including adjuvant or neoadjuvant chemoradiation may significantly improve the outcome of patients with resectable pancreatic cancer. A single randomized study by the Gastrointestinal Tumor Study Group showed that adjuvant 5-fluouracil (5-FU)- based chemoradiation extends survival in patients with resected pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Since then several other nonrandomized studies have supported this finding. Neoadjuvant chemoradiation also has been evaluated in this setting; this approach may increase the likelihood for margin-negative resection and thereby provide improved local control. However, associated survival benefits over traditional adjuvant therapy remain to be established. As an additional approach, several centers have evaluated intraoperative radiation therapy (IORT), in which patients receive radiation delivered to the pancreatic bed after apparently curative resection. A number of studies confirm that IORT can be delivered safely and may contribute to improved local control following surgical resection. Finally, an area of current focus involves the development of novel methods for more adequately assessing response to chemoradiation in pancreatic cancer. Clinicians recognize the inadequacy of computed tomography scans to assess response in this disease and have developed alternative endpoints including measurement of pre- and post-treatment serum CA 19-9 levels and 18F-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography to better evaluate patient response to therapy. We are currently using these modalities to assess response to paclitaxel (Taxol; Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Princeton, NJ)-based neoadjuvant chemoradiation in patients with potentially resectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head. Further studies will better define the role of new agents and more sophisticated means to assess tumor response in this disease. ER  - 
Implications of fine-needle aspiration in patients with resectable pancreatic cancer$$$ A 9-year experience with fine-needle aspiration (FNA) in patients with resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma was reviewed to determine whether this procedure is associated with positive peritoneal cytology, peritoneal recurrences, or decreased survival in patients who had pancreatic resection with curative intent. Forty-one patients underwent pancreatic resection for primary pancreatic adenocarcinoma from July 1987 to February 1996. Nine patients had open biopsies prior to definitive resection and were excluded from this study. Of the remaining 32 patients, 21 (66%) had preoperative computed tomography-guided or fluoroscopically guided FNA biopsy of the pancreas for diagnosis. FNA confirmed the diagnosis of adenocarcinoma in 17 of 21 patients (80%). Fifteen of 21 FNA biopsies were performed in patients who went on to receive neoadjuvant chemoradiation. Twenty-eight of 32 patients (87%) had peritoneal washings at the time of laparotomy. Five patients had suspicious or positive washings (18%), and 23 patients had negative washings (82%). Three of 18 patients (16.7%) who had both FNA and peritoneal washings and 2 of 10 patients (20%) who had no FNA but had peritoneal washings had positive or suspicious peritoneal cytology. Eight of 32 patients ultimately failed in the peritoneum. Six of 21 patients (28%) who had prior FNA and 2 of 11 (18%) who had no prior FNA failed in the peritoneum. Although the number of patients is small, none of these differences proved to be statistically significant. No difference in median survival was observed between the FNA and no FNA groups. We conclude that FNA is a safe and useful tool to confirm the diagnosis of pancreatic cancer when patients are to be treated with neoadjuvant chemoradiation. ER  - 
Combined modality therapy for stage II and stage III pancreatic carcinoma$$$ Purpose: To study the outcome achieved with three-drug chemotherapy and split-course external-beam radiotherapy as a treatment for unresectable stage II and III pancreatic carcinoma. Patients and Methods: Radiotherapy was given in three cycles of 2 Gy/d on days 1 to 5 and 8 to 12 (total dose, 54 Gy) concurrently with fluorouracil (FU) 1,000 mg/m2/d by continuous infusion for 4.5 days, streptozocin (STZ) 300 mg/m2 on days 1, 2, and 3 and cisplatin (P) 100 mg/m2 on day 3 of each every-28-day cycle. Subsequent treatment consisted of leucovorin (LV) 200 mg/m2 and FU 600 to 1,000 mg/m2 every 14 days. Results: The median survival time for the 35 patients was 15 months and 26% of patients were alive at 24 months. Fifteen patients (42.8%) had objective responses to therapy. Six (17%) had a complete response (CR). Three of nine patients with partial responses (PRs) achieved a radiographic CR within the next 3 months. Nine patients underwent attempts at surgical resection: five were resected (median survival time, 31 months; range, 12.8 to 44.7+), two had no residual disease found at complete resection, and three others also had a complete resection. Of four others who could not be resected, three underwent intraoperative radiotherapy and one had occult metastatic disease. Of primary tumors, 91% did not produce either back pain or local gastrointestinal complications for 2 years. The rates of severe side effects were stomatitis 15%, anemia 14%, granulocytopenia 6%, and thrombocytopenia 6%. Conclusion: Palliation and survival compare favorably with other series, including many surgical series. The response findings encourage studies of both unresectable and (as neoadjuvant therapy) resectable tumors. ER  - 
Postoperative localization of porta hepatis and abdominal vasculature in pancreatic malignancies: Implications for postoperative radiotherapy planning$$$ Purpose: To evaluate changes in preoperative and postoperative positions of structures used to define target volumes (i.e., pancreatic bed, porta hepatis local-regional lymph nodes) for postoperative irradiation of pancreatic malignancies as defined by abdominal computed tomographs. Methods and Materials: Eleven consecutive patients who had Whipple resection and postoperative irradiation for pancreatic cancer were evaluated. Preoperative and postoperative computed tomographs of each patient were evaluated for the position of the portal vein bifurcation and the origin of the celiac axis and superior mesenteric artery. The length along the x (medial-lateral position) and y (anterior-posterior position) axes was determined with calipers to the closest millimeter. Length along the z axis (cephalad-caudad position) was determined with the computed tomographic sectional interval between images. Statistical significance of the change in the structure's position along the x, y, or z axis between preoperative and postoperative computed tomographs was assessed with the paired t-test. Results: Evaluation of the preoperative and postoperative positions of the portal vein, celiac axis, and superior mesenteric artery along the x y and Z axes revealed a statistically significant change in the location of the portal vein and celiac axis postoperatively. The median change of the celiac axis in the anterior- posterior position was significant (p = 0.0047), but the mean change was only 2 mm and not considered clinically significant. The median change for the portal vein was 0.97 cm and 1.07 cm along the y and x axes, respectively, and was significant (p = 0.008 and p = 0.0001). The range in position change for the portal vein was 0.0 to 2.0 cm along the y axis and 0.4 to 1.9 along the x axis. The remaining mean changes in position along all axes for all the structures were less than 3 mm (not statistically significant). Conclusions: The mean position of the portal vein-porta hepatis after Whipple resection is approximately 1.0 cm medial and 1.0 cm posterior compared with its preoperative position. These data suggest that postoperative abdominal computed tomographs are useful in determining treatment volumes of nodal drainage basins after Whipple resection of pancreatic malignancies. ER  - 
Multimodal therapies in ductal pancreatic cancer: The future$$$ Conclusions. Intra-arterial infusion chemotherapy via the celiac axis combined with external beam radiotherapy might be an effective method for palliative and perioperative multimodal treatment in pancreatic cancer. To improve the dismal prognosis in resectable and nonresectable pancreatic cancer, the results of multimodal palliative, adjuvant, and neoadjuvant therapies were reviewed and put into perspective with the results of two intra-arterial palliative and adjuvant treatment studies conducted at our department. The benefits and pitfalls of each method were outweighed, resulting in a concept for performing intra-arterial chemotherapy with radiotherapy in nonresectable stage UICC-III pancreatic cancer that eventually will be developed as a combined neoadjuvant/adjuvant treatment of all potentially resectable ductal pancreatic carcinomas. ER  - 
Brachytherapy and pancreatic cancer$$$ Advances in diagnostic and therapeutic technology have not appreciably changed the outlook of patients with pancreatic cancer. While those patients presenting with localized resectable disease have the best prognosis, local control and intra-abdominal metastases remain significant obstacles to survival. Localized chemoradiation has modestly improved median survival in localized and locally advanced disease. Patients presenting with locally advanced disease at diagnosis benefit from surgical palliation which includes biliary and gastric bypass. Intraoperative interstitial brachytherapy has been effective when utilized at laparotomy to improve local control in locally advanced disease. Advances in laparoscopic techniques have provided the ability to more accurately stage patients prior to laparotomy and perform palliative procedures without the need for laparotomy. The utilization of high-dose-rate brachytherapy has proven effective in palliating obstructive symptoms with minimal morbidity on an outpatient basis. Recent efforts have focused on preoperative chemoradiation to improve resectability in selected patients and prophylactic hepatic irradiation to reduce metastases for patients with locally advanced disease. ER  - 
Non-epithelial malignant tumors of the pancreas$$$ Nonepithelial malignant tumors of the pancreas are extremely rare neoplasms with a frequency of ~ 0,6%. They are always explored because of a suspected diagnosis of pancreatic carcinoma. Amongst the more than 600 primary pancreatic neoplasms in our pancreatic tumor archive only 5 neoplasms were of nonepithelial origin (one was a malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor [MPNST], one a leiomyosarcoma, one a malignant mesothelioma, and two were peripheral neuroectodermal tumors [PNET]. The differential diagnosis includes secondary infiltration of the pancreas by mesenchymal tumors of the retroperitoneum, undifferentiated pancreatic carcinoma and, especially in the case of PNET, malignant lymphoma. Preoperative chemotherapy and down-staging can improve the operability and prognosis, especially in PNET. ER  - 
Weekly paclitaxel as a radiation sensitizer for locally advanced gastric and pancreatic cancers: the Brown University Oncology Group experience.$$$ Many patients with cancer of the stomach or pancreas have locally advanced, unresectable disease at diagnosis or will develop an early local or regional recurrence despite potentially curative surgery. Effective local treatment could increase the proportion of patients able to undergo surgery and decrease locoregional recurrences, which should improve overall survival. External beam radiation (RT) by itself has little effect. Standard treatment, such as RT with concurrent administration of 5-fluorouracil-based chemotherapy as a radiation sensitizer, has, at best, a modest impact on locoregional recurrences and survival. The use of a more effective radiosensitizer might improve the efficacy of local treatment. Paclitaxel synchronizes cells at G2M, the phase of the cell cycle during which cells are most sensitive to the effects of ionizing radiation, and has been demonstrated to sensitize a variety of human cell lines to the effects of RT. In patients with locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), the Brown University Oncology Group (BrUOG) has demonstrated a high response rate to low-dose weekly paclitaxel with concurrent RT. In addition, we demonstrated that the response to paclitaxel/RT was not affected by mutations in the p53 tumor suppressor gene. This suggested that paclitaxel/RT would be a rational treatment approach for other malignancies with a high frequency of p53 mutations, such as gastric and pancreatic cancers. We have completed a phase I study of weekly paclitaxel and concurrent radiation for locally advanced gastric and pancreatic cancers. The maximum tolerated dose of paclitaxel was 50mg/m2/week for six weeks with 50 Gray (Gy) abdominal radiation. The dose limiting toxicities were abdominal pain, nausea and anorexia. Preliminary response data from ongoing phase II studies suggest that preoperative paclitaxel/RT has substantial activity in patients with locally advanced gastric and pancreatic cancers, though whether this will translate into improved disease-free and overall survival in these patients is not known. ER  - 
Paclitaxel and concurrent radiation for locally advanced pancreatic and gastric cancer: A phase I study$$$ Purpose: To determine the maximum-tolerated dose (MTD), dose-limiting toxicities, and potential antitumor activity of weekly paclitaxel with concurrent radiation (RT) for locally advanced pancreatic and gastric cancer. Patients and Methods: Thirty-four patients with locally advanced adenocarcinoma of the pancreas or stomach were studied. The initial dose of paclitaxel was 30 mg/m2 by 3-hour intravenous (IV) infusion repeated every week for 6 weeks with 50 Gy RT. Doses were escalated at 10-mg/m2 increments in successive cohorts of three new patients until dose-limiting toxicity was observed. Results: The dose-limiting toxicities at 60 mg/m2/wk were abdominal pain within the RT field, nausea, and anorexia. Of 23 patients with assessable disease, 11 (seven with gastric, four with pancreatic cancer) had objective responses for an overall response rate of 48%. Conclusion: Concurrent paclitaxel with upper abdominal RT is well tolerated at dosages that have substantial activity. A phase II trial of neoadjuvant paditaxel and RT at the MTD of 50 mg/m2/wk is underway. ER  - 
Preoperative and postoperative chemoradiation strategies in patients treated with pancreaticoduodenectomy for adenocarcinoma of the pancreas$$$ Purpose: The effects of preoperative versus postoperative fluorouracil (5-FU)-based chemotherapy and irradiation on treatment toxicity, duration of treatment, tumor recurrence, and survival were compared in patients who underwent potentially curative therapy for adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head during a 5-year period. Methods: From July 1990to July 1995, 142 patients with localized adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head deemed resectable on the basis of radiographic images were treated with curative intent using a multimodality approach involving either preoperative or postoperative chemoradiation. Patients with biopsy confirmation of adenocarcinoma and a low-density mass in the pancreatic head identified by computed tomography (CT) received preoperative chemoradiation. Patients without a mass on CT or in whom the preoperative biopsy was negative underwent pancreaticoduodenectomy with planned postoperative chemoradiation. Protocol-based preoperative chemoradiation consisted of external-beam irradiation at a dose of 50.4 Gy (standard fractionation; 1.8 Gy/d, 5 d/wk) or 30 Gy (rapid fractionation; 3 Gy/d, 5 d/wk) combined with continuous infusion 5-FU (300 mg/m2/d, 5 d/wk). Postoperative chemaradiation combined 50.4 Gy of external-beam irradiation (standard fractionation) with continuous-infusion 5-FU. Results: No patient who received preoperative chemoradiation experienced a delay in surgery because of chemoradiation toxicity, but six of 25 eligible patients (24%) did not receive postoperative chemoradiation because of delayed recovery after pancreaticaduodenectomy. No significant differences in toxicities from chemoradiation were observed between groups. Patients treated with rapid-fractionation preoperative chemoradiation had a significantly (P < .01) shorter duration of treatment (median, 62.5 days) compared with patients who received postoperative chemoradiation (median, 98.5 days) or standard-fractionation preoperative chemoradiation (median, 91.0 days). At a median follow-up of 19 months, no significant differences in survival were observed between treatment groups. No patient who received preoperative chemoradiation and pancreaticoduodenectamy experienced a local recurrence; peritoneal (regional) recurrence occurred in 10% of these patients. Local or regional recurrence occurred in 21% of patients who received pancreaticoduodenectomy and postoperative chemoradiation. Conclusion: Delivery of preoperative and postoperative chemoradiation in patients who underwent potentially curative pancreaticoduodenectomy for adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head resulted in similar treatment toxicity, patterns of tumor recurrence, and survival. Rapid-fractionation preoperative chemoradiation ensured the delivery of all components of therapy to all eligible patients with a significantly shorter duration of treatment than with standard-fractionation chemoradiation given either before or after pancreaticoduodenectomy. Prolonged recovery after pancreaticoduadenectomy prevents the delivery of postoperative adjuvant chemoradiation in up to one fourth of eligible patients. ER  - 
Special diagnostic and therapeutic aspects of insulinoma$$$ Insulinomas are rare tumors and account for 90% of all endocrine pancreatic tumors. They typically present as a solitary tumor, but may occur in multiple sites (e.g. multiple endocrine neoplasia type I) or as a malignant disease in 10% of cases and rarely as nesidioblastosis or islet cell adenomatosis. Neuroglucopenic symptoms lead to the diagnosis; inadequate high insulin and C-peptide secretion with hypoglycemia in the fasting test confirm the diagnosis. Preoperative localization is not necessary prior to the first operation. The standard operation is enucleation, or depending on size and location, resection. The treatment of multiple tumors and islet cell hyperplasia with a high risk of recurrence is problematic. Subtotal resection plus enucleation seems to be better than selective tumor resection. In malignant insulinomas, mostly presenting with liver metastases, aggressive surgical therapy with hepatectomy and debulking, chemoembolization and systemic chemotherapy are the modalities of choice. ER  - 
Neuroendocrine pancreas tumors with particular consideration of the insulinoma and gastrinoma$$$ Today approximately a dozen syndromes of neuroendocrine tumors of the pancreas are identified. Functionally inactive tumors account for 18-36% of all endocrine tumors of the pancreas. With the exception of insulinomas, the frequency rate of malignancy is more than 50%. The exclusion of multiple endocrine neoplasia type I is important because of diagnostic and therapeutic implications. The histogenesis of the endocrine cells of the gastroendopancreatic system resebles more the diffuse neuroendocrine system than the classic APUD-concept. The most frequent endocrine tumors of the pancreas are insulinomas (about 50%) and gastrinomas (about 25%). In case of a primary operation without a multiple endocrine neoplasia type I syndrome, a preoperative localization procedure is not necessary due to the high sensitivity of the intraoperative exploration. The cure rate by means of surgical treatment for insulinomas is more than 95%. Curative resection for gastrinomas is only 30-40%. Therapeutical options for liver metastases are tumor resection, chemoembolization, antihormone treatment, chemotherapy, and liver transplantation. ER  - 
Adjuvant and neoadjuvant possibilities in radiation therapy of pancreatic carcinoma$$$ Despite improved surgical treatment resulting in reduced perioperative mortality, the survival rate of pancreas carcinoma patients is disappointing. New methods of dose planning and radiation technique enable the application of a sufficient dose without exceeding the tolerance in neighbouring critical organs. Radiochemotherapy with concomitant application of cytostatics (5-fluorouracil, mitomycin C) enhances the efficiency on the tumour. The percentage of resectable pancreas tumours is raised by neoadjuvant radiotherapy and radiochemotherapy. At present, the most effective procedure is dose escalation in regions of high risk of relapse by intraoperative radiation therapy or by afterloading treatment in combination with percutaneous radiochemotherapy. The adjuvant therapeutic methods improve the rate of local tumour control, prolong the median survival time and reduce clinical symptoms. It is dubious whether adjuvant therapy may positively influence the long-time survival of pancreas carcinoma patients because patients' death is based on liver metastasis and tumour generalization in this period. More aggressive adjuvant methods should not restrict the possibilities of surgical therapy. ER  - 
Adjuvant therapies in combination with pancreatectomy for carcinoma of the pancreas$$$ In the treatment of adenocarcinoma of the pancreas, surgical resection is the only curative strategy. However, the long-term survival rate after pancreatectomy remains poor, and most patients died of loco-regional and/or hepatic recurrence. Thus, we should perform effective adjuvant therapies in combination with surgery, in order to completely prevent these two types of cancer relapse. The present article is designed to introduce the recent reports on the adjuvant chemo-and/or radio-therapies for this cancer. As for loco-regional control, extended pancreatectomy plus chemoradiation seems to be most promising, and preoperative chemoradiation will be more popular in the near future. In order to decrease hepatic metastasis, our '2 channel chemotherapy', a continuous infusion of 5-FU via both hepatic artery and portal vein, is very promising. If postoperative survival is improved by combining these two types of regional therapy, the role of pancreatectomy will be enlarged and more widely understood in the near future. ER  - 
Present state and future of radiation therapy for pancreatic cancer$$$ According to a nation-wide annual report on pancreatic cancer patients in 1992, 70 percent of patients with pancreatic cancer underwent operations. Thirty percent of them, along with 10 percent of patients who did not undergo operations, underwent radiation therapy. The result of external radiation monotherapy for local advanced pancreatic cancer is so poor that the 2 year survival rate and the median survival time have been reported in some papers to be approximately 10% and at most 13 months, respectively. Our results indicated that the 1, 2- and 3 year survival rates and the median survival time after external radiation monotherapy for local advanced pancreatic cancer were 21%, 11%, 5% and 11.3 months, respectively. The reasons for the poor results are thought to be as follows: pancreatic cancer is very malignant, invades the surrounding tissues and metastasizes distantly in its earliest stages; it is mostly adenocarcinoma resistant to radiation therapy; and the pancreas borders closely the stomach and duodenum, which are very sensitive to radiation. Therefore, charged particle radiotherapy, especially heavy ion radiotherapy, is expected to bring about advances in the field of radiation therapy for pancreatic cancer because of its excellent potential for dose distribution and biological effect. ER  - 
A case of advanced gastric cancer with abdominal paraaortic lymphnode metastasis successfully resected following neoadjuvant chemotherapy$$$ A 61-year-old man was admitted to our hospital in January 1996, suffuring from anorexia and body weight loss. The upper G I series and endoscopic examination revealed a type 3 cancer in the posterior wall of the cardia. The CT scan showed the enlargement of the many No. 16 lymph node. Furthermore, the IVC was diagnosed to be involved by the metastic No. 16 lymphnode. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) was planed in order to decrease or disappear the tumor. Two cycles of FLP therapy were done. After chemotherapy, a CT scan showed marked shrinking of the No. 16 lymph nodes and the IVC became free from cancer invasion. Resection was performed of the whole stomach, the body and tail of the pancreas, the spleen and the gallbladder. Histological findings demonstrated the degeneration of cancer cells, infiltration of the foamy cells formation of the granulation, necrosis of the tissue, and fibrosis in the primary tumor and metastatic regional lymph nodes. There were no viable cancer cells in the No. 16 lymph nodes. The histological changes against NAC were judged grade 2. The NAC of FLP was so effective that could induce downstaging from the stage IV b to the stage III be. FLP therapy: CDDP 75 mg drip i. v, on days 1 and 8,5 FU 500 mg/24 hours i. v. continuous infusion daily from 1 through day 8 and Leucovorian 30 mg i. v. daily from day 1 through day 8. ER  - 
bcl-2 and p53 expression in resectable pancreatic adenocarcinomas: Association with clinical outcome$$$ The bcl-2 proto-oncogene and the p53 tumor suppressor gene are important determinants of tumor cell susceptibility to apoptosis. bcl-2 and mutant p53 proteins inhibit apoptosis in vitro and can provide prognostic information in certain tumor types. We analyzed bcl-2 and p53 expression in archival pancreatic (n = 35) and ampullary (n = 6) adenocarcinomas, resected for cure, and their relationship to overall survival. Patients were treated with 5-fluorouracil and irradiation either pre- (n = 21) or postoperatively (n = 15); 5 patients received surgery alone. Using specific monoclonal antibodies, cytoplasmic bcl-2 and nuclear p53 proteins were detected in 22 of 40 (55%) and 20 of 37 (54%) tumors, respectively. No relationship was found between bcl-2 and p53 expression. Neither bcl-2 nor p53 correlated with histological response to preoperative chemoradiation. Lymph node involvement predicted poor overall survival (P = 0.02). A trend toward improved survival was seen in well-differentiated (P = 0.08) tumors and in those with increased bcl-2 expression (P = 0.06). p53 expression was not related to clinical outcome. In a multivariate analysis, nodal status was the single most important predictor of overall survival. Of note, the combined variable of bcl-2 expression and histological grade was a stronger prognostic variable than nodal status alone. Unlike nodal status, these features can potentially be evaluated in preoperative biopsy specimens. ER  - 
Cryotherapy of hepatic metastases and regional perfusion with low-dose streptozotocin in the management of metastatic malignant insulinoma$$$ A 67-year-old man with intractable hypoglycaemia due to a malignant pancreatic insulinoma with multiple hepatic metastases is reported. Continuous intravenous infusion of dextrose was necessary to prevent life-threatening hypoglycaemia; high-dose parenteral octreotide was ineffective and oral diazoxide was associated with intolerable gastrointestinal side-effects. Preoperative imaging failed to identify the primary tumour with certainty. At laparotomy the tumour was located in the pancreas and excised. Intraoperative cryotherapy was administered to hepatic metastases inducing localised ice-ball formation and subsequent necrosis of the lesions. These interventions led to prompt resolution of the hypoglycaemia with normalisation of plasma concentrations of islet B-cell products. In an effort to consolidate the beneficial effects of surgery chemotherapy was instituted post-operatively using the islet B-cell toxin streptozotocin. In an innovative therapeutic approach, the drug was infused via the hepatic artery for 5 consecutive days at a reduced dose calculated to induce an insulitis in the residual hepatic metastases analogous to that described in murine models of diabetes. The chemotherapy was well tolerated although the course of treatment was curtailed by problems with catheter placement. Nonetheless, the patient has, to date, remained well and free from hypoglycaemia during more than 3 years of follow-up. These therapeutic strategies appear to merit further evaluation. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant therapy for upper gastrointestinal tract cancers$$$ Esophageal, gastric, and pancreatic cancers frequently present with extensive local regional disease, which can be difficult to resect or to definitively control with radiation therapy given as a single modality. In addition, these patients are at high risk for the development of distant metastasis. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy is a promising experimental approach for the use of combined modality treatments that involve a systemic component. The theoretical background for the use of chemotherapy followed by an operation or chemotherapy plus radiation in these tumors has been extensively described. For esophageal cancer, many phase II trials have demonstrated tolerance to systemic chemotherapy; chemotherapy plus radiation prior to operation has more toxicity. Definitive phase III studies testing the hypothesis that this approach is superior to operation alone have recently been performed in the United States and Europe. These data are currently being analyzed. For the use of combined modality therapy of chemoradiation, random assignment trials have demonstrated an improvement in cure rate for patients with squamous cell carcinomas of the esophagus. Preliminary data suggest a similar outcome for adenocarcinoma, but the number of patients who have been studied is smaller. Newer phase III studies involve the use of new systemic agents that have demonstrated activity in metastatic disease (such as paclitaxel) or the use of higher doses of radiation therapy. For gastric cancer, a substantial number of phase II trials have again demonstrated tolerance to preoperative chemotherapy with no increase in operative morbidity or mortality. Small-scale phase III trials have been performed that suggest an improvement in outcome. Definitive studies are in the planning stage. Finally, for pancreatic carcinoma, in which local control is an even more difficult issue, a major stumbling block remains the development of newer systemic therapies that have activity in this disease. The recent identification of gemcitabine as having modest activity as a single agent and its potential use with radiation therapy is being explored in the neoadjuvant setting. ER  - 
CA 19-9 is an index of response to neoadjunctive chemoradiation therapy in pancreatic cancer$$$ PURPOSE: This study examines the changes of serum levels of CA 19-9 in patients with pancreatic cancer following neoadjuvant irradiation and chemotherapy to define the potential role of this tumor marker in preoperative management of these patients. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Serum CA 19-9 levels were measured in 42 patients before receiving external beam irradiation with concurrent 5-fluorouracil in preparation for laparotomy and Whipple procedure or intraoperative irradiation (IORT). The CA 19-9 levels were determined again after irradiation, and changes were correlated with findings of restaging computed tomography (CT) scan and laparotomy. RESULTS: Following preoperative irradiation, 10 patients (24%) experienced an increase in CA 199 levels whereas 29 patients (69%) showed a decrease in CA 19-9. There was no change in the CA 19-9 levels of 3 patients (7%) after treatment. Of the 10 patients with increased CA 19-9 levels after irradiation, 9 (90%) had developed distant metastases or local tumor progression as determined by restaging CT scan or at laparotomy. In contrast, only 6 of 29 patients (21%) with declining CA 19-9 levels after irradiation demonstrated metastases or local tumor progression on restaging CT scan or at laparotomy. The correlation of CA 19-9 increase or decrease with disease progression or control, respectively, was statistically significant (P = 0.009). CONCLUSIONS: Serum CA 19-9 levels may rise or fall during neoadjuvant therapy. A rising CA 19-9 reliably indicates cancer progression while a falling CA 19-9 connotes disease control in the majority of patients. In developing strategies for application of neoadjuvant therapy for pancreatic cancer, monitoring of CA 19-9 appears most useful for the identification of patients who manifest progressive tumor growth and metastasis in spite of this treatment. ER  - 
The use of somatostatin receptor scintigraphy in the differential diagnosis of pancreatic duct cancers and islet cell tumors$$$ Objective: In the present study, the diagnostic value of somatostatin receptor scintigraphy (SRS) was evaluated in the preoperative workup in patients with pancreatic duct cancers and islet cell tumors, as well as in the follow- up of these patients. Methods: Twenty six patients with suspected primary pancreatic duct cancers and 48 patients with islet cell tumors were studied. The SRS was performed using the radionuclide-labeled somatostatin analogue 111In-octreotide. Another group of 12 patients who were still alive more than 3 years after pancreaticoduodenectomy for pancreatic duct adenocarcinomas also underwent SRS. Results: In 31 (65%) of 48 patients, the primary pancreatic islet cell tumor as well as its often previously not yet recognized metastases could be visualized. In contrast, none of the 26 pancreatic adenocarcinomas or their metastases could be seen. In 5 of 12 patients who were alive more than 3 years after pancreaticoduodenectomy for pancreatic duct adenocarcinomas, metastatic lesions were visualized at SRS. In retrospect, these patients were not operated on for adenocarcinomas but for 'nonfunctioning' islet cell tumors. Conclusions: The present study supports the concept that SRS has a place in the preoperative differential diagnosis of islet cell tumors and pancreatic duct cancers as well as in the follow-up, especially in those cases in which no tumor histologic analysis was obtained, or the pathologic examination of the tumor tissue had not included special staining procedures for neuroendocrine characteristics. Our results also indicate that the evaluation of the results of investigations on the role of surgery or radiation therapy and chemotherapy or both in pancreatic duct cancer have to be interpreted with caution, it no histologic analysis and staining for neuroendocrine characteristics was performed. ER  - 
Surgical management of pancreatic cancer.$$$ The treatment of patients with pancreatic cancer requires the expertise of medical oncologists, radiation oncologists, radiologists, and surgical oncologists. The surgeon's role in the management of patients with pancreatic cancer extends beyond the performance of surgical resection and bypass procedures to include diagnosis, staging (including determination of resectability), and therapy (both curative and palliative). If a lesion is deemed resectable, the surgeon's goal is to achieve clear pathologic margins in order to optimize the patient's chances for cure. The surgeon also plays a key role in the palliation of disease in patients with unresectable lesions. Biliary and duodenal bypass, endoscopic stenting, laparoscopy, and celiac ganglion injection may be needed to maximize a patient's remaining quality of life. In addition, the surgical oncologist should be involved in clinical trials testing neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemoradiotherapies that may lead to the development of more effective therapies for pancreatic cancer. ER  - 
Role of radiation therapy in the management of the patient with pancreatic cancer.$$$ Most patients who have pancreatic cancer present with advanced disease that is not amenable to surgery. For patients whose disease is amenable to surgery and who are managed with surgical resection alone, local recurrence rates are high and long-term survival rates are low. The use of radiation therapy to treat pancreatic cancer has been studied in various clinical contexts. Preoperative radiation therapy for resectable or borderline unresectable disease may benefit some patients but is not used routinely. For patients with resected disease, data from the Gastrointestinal Tumor Study Group (GITSG) trials support the use of adjuvant chemoradiation. For patients with locally unresectable disease, the use of radiation therapy plus chemotherapy provides modest benefit, as suggested by the clinical trials of the GITSG and other groups. Additional studies employing modified radiation therapy techniques and improved chemotherapeutic regimens, with enhanced radiosensitization and direct cytotoxicity, are needed to optimize treatment regimens for patients with this disease. ER  - 
Pancreatic carcinoma in perspective: A continuing challenge$$$ There are approximately 27,000 new cases of carcinoma of the pancreas each year and most afflicted patients will die of the disease. Although smoking is a common denominator, chronic pancreatitis is considered an important precursor lesion in a smaller number of cancers. Pancreatic cancer is primarily a disease of the pancreatic ducts. The molecular events are under intense study, but c-K-ras mutation is involved in approximately 80% of the cases and p53 to a slightly lesser degree (6080%). Early manifestations are usually occult, but jaundice is a common manifestation in patients with cancers of the pancreatic head. Thin-slice computed tomography, portography, and endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography are currently the most sensitive detection techniques. The developing use of endoscopic ultrasound and laparoscopy appear to enhance detection and are tinder evaluation. In many patients with advanced disease, endoscopic bypass may eliminate the need for unnecessary surgery, although gastrointestinal bypass is still required in some patients (10-15%). Curative resection is possible in selected patients (perhaps 10-15%), with expectation of extended survival ranging from 6->20% in some series. The survival differences may be related to stage, patient selection, and the expertise of the operative team. Preoperative chemotherapy/radiation is under study and may improve outcome. Clinical trial participation is essential for improvement in treatment outcomes. ER  - 
Preoperative chemoradiotherapy for localized pancreatic carcinoma: A perspective$$$ BACKGROUND. The role of chemotherapy (CTX) in the treatment of localized adenocarcinoma of the pancreas must be enhanced if current results are to be surpassed. It is postulated that histologic response to various chemotherapeutic agents may offer an assessable endpoint intermediate to and perhaps as or more meaningful than survival analysis. METHODS. A history of trials assessing the value of adjuvant preoperative and postoperative chemotherapy and radiation therapy (RT) is provided. Experiences with histologic assessment of treatment response are reviewed. RESULTS. There has been no clear benefit from adjuvant CTX, either when delivered with RT or as postoperative maintenance. Imaging tests were much less sensitive than histologic grading in determining responses (7% vs. 71% partial responses) of patients with resected pancreatic cancers previously treated with RT/CTX. This suggests that standard imaging assessments of pancreatic carcinoma response to chemotherapy and radiation therapy may be inaccurate CONCLUSIONS. Preresectional delivery of chemotherapeutic agents with RT allows response rates to be quantified histologically. This method of response analysis, being much more sensitive than analysis by computed tomographic scanning, may allow the more rapid development of improved chemotherapeutic programs for this malignancy. ER  - 
Assessment of resectability of pancreatic head and periampullary tumors by color flow Doppler sonography$$$ Objective: To examine the sensitivity of color flow Doppler ultrasonography in assessing resectability of pancreatic head and periampullary tumors. Design: Validation cohort study. Setting: Tertiary care public hospital. Patients: Thirty-seven patients with pancreatic head or periampullary cancer were studied by color flow Doppler examination of the relevant blood vessels. Main Outcome Measure: A pancreatic Doppler score (PDS) was defined as the closest circumferential contact of the tumor to the superior mesenteric vein, superior mesenteric artery, or portal vein. A PDS of 1 indicated no contact (n=9); PDS 2, less than 50% contact (n=10); PDS 3, 50% to 99% contact (n=7); and PDS 4, encasement (n=11). The PDS was compared with operative and histologic resection margins. Results: The lack of vascular invasion was confirmed operatively in 7 of 7 patients with a PDS of 1, and 6 patients who underwent resection had clear histologic margins. Nine (90%) of 10 patients with a PDS of 2 were confirmed to have no vascular invasion, and 3 (43%) of 7 patients who underwent resection had clear margins. Five (83%) of 6 patients with a PDS of 3 had correct operative findings, and both patients who underwent resection had positive margins. Operative confirmation of encasement was found in all 7 patients with a PDS of 4 who had operative exploration, and none underwent resection. Conclusions: Color flow Doppler sonography and PDS predicted resectability and the histologic margin status (positive predictive value, 97%). Patients with a PDS of 1 are predicted to have clear histologic margins after resection. Patients with a PDS of 4 have unresectable tumors, and nonoperative palliation should be considered. Patients with a PDS of 2 or 3 have a high likelihood of positive histologic margins after resection and may be candidates for neoadjuvant chemotherapy. ER  - 
Chronic pancreatitis: Diagnosis and treatment$$$ Three-dimensional magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography is currently the most exciting new imaging technique for chronic pancreatitis. Endoscopy-assisted duodenal intubation during the secretin-cholecystokinin test reduces intubation time in difficult cases. The NBT-para-amino benzoic acid test has been refined to enhance its discriminant power. The cholesteryl-[C13]octanoate breath test and the faecal elastase test are newer highly sensitive and specific tubeless tests. Pain in chronic pancreatitis continues to be a vexing therapeutic issue. Enzyme treatment continues despite criticism. Neurotensin is the new suspected mediator of the feedback mechanism, which is down-regulated by enzyme therapy. Steroid ganglion block is an exciting therapeutic tool for pain relief. Endoscopic pancreatic sphincterotomy, Dormia basketing and pancreatic stenting in conjunction with extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy should be performed early in chronic pancreatitis to prevent parenchymal atrophy with ensuing exocrine and endocrine pancreatic dysfunction. The modified Puestow's procedure preserves endocrine and exocrine pancreatic functions besides relieving pain. Closed loop insulin infusion allows superior management of pancreatic diabetes following near total pancreatectomy. The standardised incidence rate of pancreatic cancer is 16.5 in patients with alcoholic chronic pancreatitis and 100 for tropical chronic pancreatitis. Aggressive treatment protocols combining neo-adjuvant chemoradiation and intra-operative radiation with surgery are being used to improve the prognosis in this dismal complication of chronic pancreatitis. ER  - 
Radiotherapy for carcinoma of the pancreas$$$ Many carcinomas of the pancreas are locally unresectable but have no gross evidence of metastases at diagnosis. Initial experience showed the disease to be relatively unresponsive to radiotherapy. However, results from Duke University and the Mayo Clinic led to the study of the disease by the Gastrointestinal Tumor Study Group (GITSG). The GITSG studies showed that radiotherapy and 5-fluorouracil chemotherapy in a relatively nonaggressive regimen prolonged the survival following apparent curative resection of carcinoma of the pancreas. In addition, for locally unresectable disease, GITSG showed that both chemotherapy and radiotherapy were necessary for the best results. However, even with optimal therapy the median survival in this group of patients is no more than 1 year. Many studies of specialized radiation techniques have also been evaluated. These included preoperative radiotherapy and chemotherapy, use of radiosensitizers, particle irradiation, interstitial irradiation, intraoperative irradiation, and hyperthermia. Results of these studies have not shown major improvement over the GITSG experience. In general, patients with pancreatic cancer who are irradiated appear to do better than those who are not. No other single modality has been more effective. It is therefore hoped that successful chemotherapeutic agents or other modalities can be developed and combined with the limited efficacy of radiotherapy. ER  - 
Pancreatic carcinoma: surgical therapy$$$ The incidence of pancreatic diseases has increased over the last years. Low morbidity and mortality rates after pancreatic resection procedures and an increasing 5-years survival rate allow more liberal indications for operation. These better results are due to careful preoperative investigations, perfect surgical techniques and the use of Octreotide perioperatively to reduce morbidity and leakage rate. Therefore resections for cancer of the pancreas should be carried out whenever possible, as well in curative as in palliative attempt. We discuss the indications and contraindications of pancreatic resection. At last, the decision to perform a resection depends of the tumor extension found at the operation and of the surgeon's skill. Infiltration of the wall of portal or superior mesenteric vein and retroperitoneum are not always definitive criteria of non-resectability, as there is still the possibility of vessel resection or partial excision of the retroperitoneum followed by locoregional chemotherapy. Today encouraging results of pancreatic resections allow the surgeon to carry out pancreatic resections whenever possible in patients fit for the operation. These resections should be carried out by experienced surgeons who carry out more than 10 pancreas resections per year and achieve a mortality rate below 5%. ER  - 
Intraoperative detection of somatostatin-receptor-positive neuroendocrine tumours using indium-111-labelled DTPA-D-Phe1-octreotide$$$ After injection of 111In-labelled DTPA-D-Phe1-octreotide, intraoperative tumour localisation was performed using a scintillation detector in 23 patients with neuroendocrine tumours. Count rates from suspect tumour lesions and adjacent normal tissue were expressed as a ratio before (R(in situ)) and after (R(ex vivo)) excision. 111In activity concentration ratios of tumour tissue to blood (T/B) were determined in a gamma counter. In patients with midgut carcinoids, (all scintigraphy positive), false R(in situ) recordings were found in 4/29 macroscopically identified tumours. T/B ratios were all high (27-650). In patients with medullary thyroid carcinomas (eight out of ten scintigraphy positive), misleading R(in situ) results were found in 4/37 macroscopically identified tumours. T/B ratios were lower (3-39) than those seen in midgut carcinoids. Two out of four patients with endocrine pancreatic tumours had positive scintigraphy, reliable intraoperative measurements and very high T/B ratios (910-1500). One patient with a gastric carcinoid had correct measurements in situ and ex vivo with high T/B ratios (71-210). In situ measurements added little information to preoperative scintigraphy and surgical findings using the present detection system. R(ex vivo) measurements were more reliable. The very high T/B ratios seen in midgut carcinoids and some endocrine pancreatic tumours would be favourable for future radiation therapy via somatostatin receptors. ER  - 
The use of spiral computed tomography in the evaluation of vessel encasement for pancreatic cancer$$$ Conclusions. Spiral CT allows for a noninvasive evaluation of the mesenteric arterial and venous vessels. This test can be performed quicker, with less expense, and with a reduced radiation and contrast load than angiography. Comparison studies of angiography and spiral CT are needed in patients with pancreatic cancer to determine the best method of evaluating possible vessel involvement. Background. Preoperative imaging of patients with pancreatic cancer is crucial in determining resectability and planning management. Computed tomography (CT) remains the diagnostic procedure of choice for the evaluation of the primary tumor and angiography is the gold standard to evaluate vessel encasement. This case evaluates the usefulness of spiral computed tomography in determining vessel encasement. Methods. A 53- yr-old female presented with vague abdominal complaints and evaluation revealed a mass in the pancreas. CT suggested portal vein involvement and collateralization was noted in the upper abdomen. Spiral CT revealed normal arterial anatomy and near complete obstruction of the portal vein at the superior mesenteric vein (SMV) splenic vein (SV) confluence. Results. Operative findings confirmed the involvement of the portal vein at the confluence of the SMV and SV. Pancreatico-duodenectomy with portal vein resection and primary anastomosis was performed. The patient's postoperative course was uneventful and she was discharged home on the 13th postoperative day. ER  - 
Intra-arterial and intra-tumoural chemotherapy of hepatic and pancreatic cancer patients with mitoxantron: New schedules$$$ Intra-tumoural and intra-arterial chemotherapy was performed in 36 patients with hepatic and pancreatic cancer as preoperative or palliative treatments. The new schedules of chemotherapy with mitoxantron were used in this investigation. The possibilities of using of mitoxantron and results of the treatment were evaluated. ER  - 
Preoperative chemoradiation, pancreaticoduodenectomy, and intraoperative radiation therapy for adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head$$$ BACKGROUND: Local recurrence in the bed of the resected pancreas is the most common site of tumor recurrence following a standard pancreaticoduodenectomy (PD) for adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head. In an attempt to improve local and regional disease control and thereby enhance the quality and length of survival in patients undergoing potentially curative PD, we have used a protocol of preoperative multimodality therapy. PATIENTS AND METHODS: All patients were treated with external-beam radiation (30.0 or 50.4 Gy) and concomitant 5-fluorouracil (300 mg/m2 per day) prior to PD. Electron-beam intraoperative radiation therapy was given to the bed of the resected pancreas before reconstruction. Patients were assessed for recurrence by physical examination, chest roentgenography, and computed tomography scan performed at 3-month intervals following treatment. RESULTS: Thirty-nine patients completed all therapy; 1 perioperative death occurred. Thirty-eight tumor recurrences have been documented in 29 patients at a median of 11 months from the date of diagnosis; 23 patients died of disease. The liver was the most frequent site of recurrence, and liver metastases were a component of treatment failure in 53% of patients. Isolated local or peritoneal recurrences were documented in only 4 patients (11%). The only significant clinical or pathologic variable predictive of local-regional recurrence was a previous laparotomy and intraoperative biopsy. The median survival of all 39 patients was 19 months, and the 4-year actuarial survival rate was 19%. CONCLUSIONS: Preoperative chemoradiation, PD, and electron- beam intraoperative radiation therapy for adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head have resulted in improved local-regional tumor control, with distant metastatic disease becoming the predominant site of tumor recurrence. Future treatment strategies should incorporate effective multimodality therapy for local-regional disease as demonstrated in this study. Major improvements in overall survival will likely await the development of systemic or regional therapy for liver metastases. ER  - 
Low-dose FP (5-FU+low-dose CDDP) therapy for far advanced upper gastro- intestinal carcinoma$$$ Low dose FP therapy was undertaken in 25 patients with far advanced or recurrent carcinoma (13 stomach, 7 esophagus, 3 colon, 1 gallbladder, 1 pancreas). This therapy consisted of intermittent infusion of CDDP (10mg/body x 5 days) and continuous infusion of 5-FU (500mg/body x 5 days) for 5 days with 2-day intervals. Patients were treated with at least 2 courses of low- dose FP therapy. Of the 25 patients, 12 with esophageal (7) or gastric (5) carcinoma, in whom curative resection was considered impossible before the operation, were subjected to neoadjuvant chemotherapy. The response rate in the neoadjuvant therapy was 100% (2 disappeared and 5 decreased in size) in the esophageal cancer and 60 % (3 decreased in size) in the gastric cancer. But, in 6 patients with esophageal cancer, radiotherapy was combined. In the neoadjuvant cases, pathological effect of Grade 2 was noted in 3 of the 7 esophageal cancers and 1 of the 5 gastric cancers. Of the remaining 13 unresectable patients, a significant improvement of performance status was found in 6 patients. In 19 patients treated with low-dose FP therapy only, leukopenia of Grade 3 was not observed, and there was no nephrotoxicity. Low dose FP therapy is safe anti useful as a neoadjuvant chemotherapy for patients with far advanced esophageal or gastric cancer. ER  - 
Carcinoma of the pancreatic head area. Therapy: Intraoperative radiotherapy$$$ Pancreatic tumors represent a major field of application of intraoperative radiotherapy (IORT) with electron beams. First clinical studies were carried out principally on unresectable tumors and control of pain was observed in most of them. However, as for prognosis, IORT alone has yielded disappointing results. The use of IORT to boost external beam radiotherapy (ERT) frequently applied in recent trials, has improved local control but not survival rate because of the high incidence of abdominal metastasis. To-date, results of IORT used as an adjuvant to radical surgery have been controversial. As in unresectable tumors, studies have been focused on the combination IORT + ERT, however the intensification of the dose delivered to the tumor bed and the consequent better local control has not resulted in a better prognosis. A more significant contribution of IORT to the treatment of pancreatic tumors may come in the future from the combination of IORT with more effective methods in the control of the abdominal disease ('prophylactic' ERT to the liver or upper abdomen, intra-arterial or intraperitoneal chemotherapy) or from variously timed combinations with ERT (neoadjuvant ERT + IORT). ER  - 
Preoperative chemoradiation for adenocarcinoma of the pancreas: Excessive toxicity of prophylactic hepatic irradiation$$$ Purpose: In an effort to reduce relapse in the liver and improve survival in patients with potentially resectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head, we combined whole-liver irradiation with our standard preoperative chemoradiation regimen. Methods and Materials: Eleven patients with biopsy- proven, potentially resectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head were treated with 50.4 Gy of external beam irradiation to the pancreas (1.8 Gy/day, 5 days/week) and concurrent continuous infusion 5-fluorouracil (300 mg/m2 per day). The liver was treated with 23.4 Gy on Days 8 through 21 (13 fractions; 1.8 Gy/fraction). Patients, who upon restaging with radiography and computed tomography were considered to have resectable tumors, were subsequently taken to surgery. If, at surgery, tumors were resectable, pancreaticoduodenectomy was performed, and 10 Gy of intraoperative electron- beam radiation therapy was delivered to the bed of the resected pancreas. Results: All 11 patients completed chemoradiation. Two treatment-related deaths occurred following chemoradiation, prompting premature termination of the study. Of seven patients taken to surgery, four underwent resection. Seven patients have died of disease, five with liver metastases. Conclusions: Prophylactic hepatic chemoradiation, as given in this study, was associated with two treatment-related deaths and a higher than expected incidence of subsequent liver metastases. Our data do not support the use of this treatment program in patients with adenocarcinoma of the pancreas. ER  - 
Rapid-fractionation pre-operative chemoradiation for malignant periampullary neoplasms$$$ The multimodality treatment of adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head has been shown to improve survival compared with surgery alone. The delivery of chemotherapy and radiation therapy (chemoradiation) before rather than after pancreaticoduodenectomy ensures that all patients who undergo surgery receive the other components of multimodality therapy. In an effort to reduce overall treatment time and cost, the use of rapid-fractionation preoperative chemoradiation was explored. Radiation therapy was delivered with 18-MeV photons to a total dose of 30 Gy given in 10 fractions over 2 weeks. 5-Fluorouracil was given concurrently by continuous infusion at a dose of 300 mg m-2 day-1. Four weeks after the completion of chemoradiation, patients underwent pancreaticoduodenectomy and electron-beam intraoperative radiation therapy (10 Gy). All patients completed the treatment programme without delay. The rapid-fractionation programme was delivered at nearly half the cost of standard chemoradiation and histologic evidence of tumour cell injury was present in all resected specimens. There were no perioperative anastomotic complications, and median hospital stay was 20 days. Rapid-fractionation chemoradiation warrants further study in the neoadjuvant setting. ER  - 
Induction (neo-adjuvant) chemotherapy: Systemic and arterial delivery techniques and their clinical applications$$$ Induction chemotherapy is a well tried method of improving the cure prospects of locally advanced or aggressive primary cancers. It is most simply administered by systemic (intravenous) delivery but for some cases a greater chemotherapy impact is both desirable and achievable with the use of a more concentrated regional delivery technique. Any advantage of regional chemotherapy will depend upon the type of tumour to be treated, its site and blood supply, the most effective doses, concentrations and exposure periods of the preferred agents to be used and the relative risks of systemic and regional toxicity and the techniques of delivery. In general, systemic chemotherapy is most appropriate in treating tumours without a single artery of supply; when certain agents which are inactive until modified in body tissues (such as cyclophosphamide or DTIC) are to be used; when satisfactory responses can be achieved more easily by systemic delivery; when technical skills and facilities for regional delivery are not available; or when the patient's general health, co-operation or long-term prognosis precludes the additional complexity of regional delivery. Intra-arterial infusion may have advantages in treating head and neck, gastric, liver, some locally advanced breast, limb. pelvic and possibly pancreatic malignancies. More complex techniques to achieve short-term highly concentrated chemotherapy include closed circuit perfusion; chemofiltration infusion and 'stop flow' perfusion; and regional limb infusion. These should remain the subject of ongoing studies in highly specialized units which treat tumours such as melanoma or pancreatic cancer which respond poorly to lower chemotherapy concentrations. ER  - 
Cystic neoplasms of the pancreas: A clinicopathologic study, including DNA flow cytometry$$$ Objective: To review the classification, clinical behavior, and appropriate therapy for cystic neoplasms of the pancreas. We examined patient demographics, clinical parameters, preoperative imaging modalities, histologic findings, and tumor DNA content to determine which best predict outcome. Design: Case series and survey of pathologic specimens. Setting: Tertiary care center. Patients: Twenty-two patients with cystic neoplasms of the pancreas treated at affiliates of Northwestern University Medical School, Chicago, Ill. Main Outcome Measures: Predictive value of preoperative testing, tumor DNA content, patient survival. Results: In 20 patients undergoing computed tomographic scan, the tumor was visualized in every case. All other imaging studies evaluated were less likely to demonstrate the lesion. Eight of 10 patients with serous cystadenomas were alive with no evidence of disease at the time of this report; one patient was alive with local recurrence, and a second patient bad died of unrelated causes. All patients with mucinous cystadenomas were alive with no evidence of disease. Three of seven patients with cystadenocarcinomas had aneuploid, high S-phase tumors, and one had a diploid, high S-phase tumor; all four died (mean survival, 4.8 months). Two patients with cystadenocarcinomas had diploid, low S-phase tumors; both were long-term survivors but died of their disease at 8.6 and 9.3 years. Conclusions: (1) Computed tomographic scan is the most valuable diagnostic imaging study for preoperative evaluation of these patients. (2) Precise preoperative determination of tumor type is not possible. (3) DNA flow cytometry may help identify patients with aggressive tumors who may benefit from adjuvant chemoradiation. ER  - 
Biliary tract cancer$$$ A better understanding of the biology of biliary tract cancers and several new techniques improving their management are highlighted in this review. The molecular events leading to biliary tract carcinomas continue to unfold. The biliary tract shares the same foregut origin as the pancreas and K-ras mutations occur in biliary tract cancers as frequently as in pancreatic adenocarcinomas. Flow cytometry analysis of hilar cholangiocarcinoma shows worse survival in aneuploid tumors and aneuploidy may be associated with a better response to radiation therapy. Preoperative imaging and diagnostic techniques for biliary tract cancers have been refined. Intraductal biliary ultrasonography is a new modality capable of assessing the relationship between biliary tract cancers and the vessels in the hepatoduodenal ligament. Surgery remains the mainstay of treatment of biliary tract carcinomas. Several recent studies confirm an improved prognosis as a result of combined local and hepatic resection including the caudate lobe in hilar cholangiocarcinomas. In unresectable biliary tract cancers, expandable endoprostheses are increasingly used because they have a lower occlusion rate than conventional stents. Results of conventional surgical treatment for gallbladder carcinoma remain poor as attested by a large multicenter study. An aggressive approach combining hepatic resection and radical lymphadenectomy for gallbladder carcinoma seems justified because specialized centers report impressive long-term survival (>50% at 5 years). Recent technical advances in adjuvant radiation therapy have improved the capacity of delivering higher radiation dosages externally (conformal irradiation portals) and through localized implant catheters in biliary tract cancers. ER  - 
Significance of peritoneal cytology in patients with potentially resectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head$$$ Background. Recurrence in the peritoneum occurs in up to 50% of patients after a potentially curative pancreaticoduodenectomy. Previous authors have implicated preoperative fine-needle aspiration (FNA) as a cause of intraperitoneal tumor dissemination, although prior studies of peritoneal cytology findings have largely involved patients with locally advanced disease. Methods. A consecutive series of patients referred to our institution between 1991 and 1993 with suspected or biopsy-proven adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head was studied prospectively. All patients fulfilled criteria for resectability as assessed by computed tomography: no metastatic disease, no encasement of the superior mesenteric or hepatic arteries, and a patent superior mesenteric-portal venous confluence. Peritoneal washings were obtained at the time of staging laparoscopy and/or at subsequent laparotomy. Data regarding peritoneal cytology results, previous FNA, preoperative chemoradiation, eventual resection, pattern of disease recurrence, and survival were collected. Results. A total of 80 peritoneal washings from 60 consecutive patients were prospectively examined. Forty-nine (82%) of 60 patients underwent FNA before peritoneal washings were obtained. A total of four patients (7%) had positive peritoneal cytology findings: three (6%) of 49 who underwent prior FNA and one (9%) of 11 with no prior FNA. Similarly, no differences in eventual peritoneal failure or short- term survival were observed for patients who underwent prior FNA compared with patients who did not. All four patients with positive peritoneal cytology findings had metastatic disease (liver, three; peritoneum, one) at a median of 4.8 months after diagnosis; three of the four died of disease at a median of 8 months. Conclusions. Positive peritoneal cytology findings are rare in patients with radiologically resectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreas. When found, positive peritoneal washings are an indicator of advanced disease characterized by unresectability, early metastasis, and short survival. Computed tomographic-guided FNA does not appear to increase the risk for positive peritoneal washings and represents a valid approach to the pretreatment diagnosis of patients with suspected pancreatic malignancy. ER  - 
Aggressive surgery for pancreatic duct cell cancer: Feasibility, validity, limitations$$$ Pancreatic duct cell cancer is characterized by a low resectability rate and a low long-term survival rate. Between September 1974 and December 1992 in our institution, 149 (59%) of the 253 patients with this cancer underwent resection. The operative procedures were pancreatoduodenectomy in 105 patients, total pancreatectomy in 36, and distal pancreatectomy in 8. The tumor was extirpated with extensive dissection of the lymph nodes and excision of the nerve plexus in the retroperitoneum. Of the 149 patients, 79 (53%) underwent combined resection of the pancreas and the portal vein; 16 of the 79 patients also underwent resection of the adjacent arteries. Three patients died within 30 days after surgery, and 17 other patients succumbed within 2 to 7 months. The mortality among patients undergoing pancreatectomy and resection of the portal vein (9.5%) was similar to that of patients with pancreatectomy alone (10%). Curative resection was necessary for long-term survival. The 5-year survival rate in 61 patients with the curative resection was 15%. Ten patients lived more than 5 years. Even patients with lymph node metastases and cancer invasion of the portal vein had a prolonged survival. Intraoperative irradiation was carried out in 35 patients to improve the survival rate, but without success. Infusion chemotherapy with 5-fluorouracil via the portal vein was tried in 25 patients, resulting in a decrease in liver metastasis. We have made some progress in the first step toward improving treatment, although we are far from the goal and it is necessary to conduct additional trials. ER  - 
Intraoperative radiotherapy for pancreatic cancer: Palliative and curative approaches$$$ Intraoperative radiation therapy for pancreatic cancer is a safe procedure in the hands of an experienced team of surgeons and radiotherapists. Severe delayed side effects or complications are rare. In comparison with curative or palliative surgical approaches alone local tumor control is improved by intraoperative radiation therapy (IORT). Median survival is not or only insignificantly prolonged by IORT compared with palliative surgical procedures alone, in contrast to curative operations alone, where slight improvement of median survival time is achieved by additional IORT or percutaneous irradiation. The combination of IORT and percutaneous irradiation clearly increases the local tumor control and shows a tendency for improved median survival times. Long term survivors are rare in all subgroups of patients, and surgical procedures remain the most important approach with respect to survival times. For patients with nonresectable pancreatic cancer a prompt and highly impressive pain relief is the most important palliative effect for a period of about 4-5 months. Occasionally this effect may be exploited also for patients with distant metastases. A stabilization of Karnofsky's s index may also be achieved by IORT, particularly in patients with nonresectable nonmetastasized tumors. Generally the poor prognosis of pancreatic cancer remains unchanged even if IORT is included in multimodal treatment concepts. Implementation of IORT in a stage-adapted procedure of preoperative radiochemotherapy, operation and IORT is an attractive therapeutic approach which is currently being evaluated. It combines the possibly highest therapeutic effectiveness with avoidance of excessive aggressiveness in the treatment of pancreatic cancer. ER  - 
Evolving strategies for the treatment of adenocarcinoma of the pancreas: A review$$$ Adenocarcinoma of the pancreas has an incidence of only 0.01%, yet is the fourth leading cause of cancer death for American men and women. Despite this dismal outlook, new strategies for staging and therapy for pancreatic cancer have emerged over the last few years. Laparoscopy with cytologic evaluation of peritoneal washings, and more recently, although still investigational, endoscopic and intracorporeal ultrasonography have provided more detailed staging information. The result of improved staging is earlier, more accurate selection of treatment most appropriate for stage of disease. For those patients with clinically localized disease, laparotomy with an attempt at resection is indicated, particularly with the recent trend in declining morbidity and operative mortality associated with pancreatectomy. With clinically unresectable disease, patients may potentially be spared the morbidity of laparotomy. Advances in therapeutic endoscopic and percutaneous manipulation of the obstructed biliary tree have provided an alternative to surgery and improved quality of life for patients with abbreviated life spans. Gastroduodenal obstruction has traditionally been managed by laparotomy, although with improved technology and surgical skill, a laparoscopic approach may become standard. Because even at presentation pancreatic cancer is rarely a localized process but is a disseminated disease, surgery alone is unlikely to increase survival rates in the absence of adjuvant therapies. Present and future strategies for treatment include the addition of neoadjuvant regimens and adjuvant modalities including intraoperative radiation, photodynamic therapy, intraperitoneal therapies, and pancreatic and splanchnic perfusion. Clearly, the greatest strides in treatment of pancreatic cancer will come with development of new agents with significantly greater antitumor efficacy. ER  - 
Preoperative combined modality therapy for pancreatic cancer$$$ Combined modality therapy can be administered prior to surgical resection for patients with operable pancreatic cancer. One important criteria used to select patients for this treatment sequence is the absence of arterial vascular encasement by tumor on thin-section CT scanning; the absence of peritoneal seeding on surgical staging or laparoscopy has been another important parameter used in identifying patients with 'localized' disease. Preoperative treatment with infusional chemoradiation uses multiple fields of irradiation delivering a dose of 50.4 Gy in 28 fractions over 5 1/2 weeks. This is done in conjunction with a continuous infusion of 5-fluorouracil intravenously at a dosage of 300 mg/m2/day with each day of radiotherapy treatment. The initial results of this protocol indicate acceptable toxicity and no evidence of increased perioperative morbidity or mortality compared to series using operation alone. We conclude that nearly all patients eligible for this combined modality treatment approach complete therapy as prescribed with acceptable toxicity. ER  - 
Hepatocellular carcinoma: Surgical resection versus surgical resection combined with pre- and post-operative locoregional immunotherapy-chemotherapy. A prospective randomized study$$$ Hepatocellular carcinoma remains a disease with poor prognosis. Liver resection, although the optimal method of management, is associated with a high incidence of intrahepatic tumour recurrence ranging between 50-70%, 12 to 18 months following surgery. This study assesses prospectively the results of liver resection as compared to liver resection combined with pre- and post-operative locoregional chemotherapy-immunotherapy in 40 patients suffering from hepatocellular carcinoma. Patients were randomly assigned to two groups. Group A (20 patients) had liver resection only, while Group B (20 patients) had liver resection combined with pre- and past-operative targeting locoregional chemotherapy-immunotherapy. Five (5) patients died in total: two from Group A and two from Group B, during the first 30 days following surgery due to reasons related to the procedure (post-operative liver failure in three, pulmonary embolism in one). The remaining patient from Group A died 10 months following liver resection due to intrahepatic tumour recurrence. From Group A, 17 patients are alive from 3 to 26 months after surgery. Of the 17 alive patients, 10 are free of disease and 7 show intrahepatic recurrence. Thus, tumour intrahepatic recurrence occurred in 8 patients of group A. From Group B, all 18 patients are alive and free of disease from 4 to 27 months after surgery. No patient died because of the disease nor has any patient shown intrahepatic tumour recurrence. As a conclusion of the present results, liver resection combined with pre- and post-operative targeting locoregional immunotherapy-chemotherapy appears to offer substantial advantages for patients undergoing surgery because of hepatocellular carcinoma. ER  - 
Resection versus resection combined with adjuvant pre- and post-operative chemotherapy immunotherapy for metastatic colorectal liver cancer. A new look at an old problem$$$ Forty patients with metastatic liver disease from colorectal carcinoma are presented in this study. Patients were randomly assigned to two groups: Group A (20 patients) who had liver resection and Group B (20 patients) who had liver resection combined with post-operative locoregional immuno- therapy + chemotherapy. Thus, during the first year following surgery, they have four courses of targeted locoregional transarterial chemotherapy-immunotherapy, two courses during the second year and one course during the third year. Two patients died, one in each group, during the first 30 postoperative days. Survival in Group A (19 surviving patients) ranged from 4 to 25 months, mean 11 months, Eight (8) patients had intrahepatic recurrence of the disease and 11 are still alive and free of disease. Of those with intrahepatic recurrence, three (3) patients died 15, 15 and 17 months following surgery of causes related to the disease. In Group B (19 surviving patients), survival ranged from 3 to 30 months, mean 20 months. At present, all 19 patients are alive and free of disease (p < 0.001). None has had intrahepatic recurrence (p < 0.001). On the basis of present results, liver resection supplemented with postoperative targeted transarterial locoregional immunotherapy-chemotherapy is associated with optimal results. It is highly recommended as the procedure of choice in dealing with patients operated upon for metastatic liver disease due to colorectal carcinoma. ER  - 
Surgical therapy for gastric cancer.$$$ The aim of any surgical approach to gastric carcinoma should be a complete resection with no residual tumor left behind, that is, a R0-resection according to the UICC. Complete tumor resection in this respect refers to the primary tumor as well as the lymphatic drainage and requires an adequate safety margin. The indications for surgical therapy of gastric cancer and the choice of procedure should consequently be guided by the tumor stage. This requires accurate preoperative staging, which can today be achieved with endoscopic ultrasonography and surgical laparoscopy. Gastric carcinoma stage IA (mucosa carcinoma) can be cured by local excision. In patients with tumor stages IB (submucosa carcinoma), II, and IIIA, lymph node metastases are common. Based on the available data, this group of patients benefits from radical resection and D2 lymph node dissection. In patients with advanced gastric carcinoma, that is, tumor stages IIIB and IV, a complete tumor removal usually can not be achieved by surgical resection. Neoadjuvant therapeutic modalities should consequently be assessed in these patients. Based on tumor location and growth pattern, a total gastrectomy is the procedure of choice in patients with middle and proximal third gastric cancer. A subtotal gastrectomy may be performed in patients with tumors of the distal third and "Laurén's intestinal type" growth pattern. Depending on the individual tumor situation, the gastrectomy can be extended toward varying portions of the distal esophagus or a pancreas, preserving splenectomy and resection of the retroperitoneal lymph nodes.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS) ER  - 
Preoperative chemoradiation for adenocarcinoma of the pancreas: M.D. Anderson experience$$$ Pancreatic cancer remains the fourth leading cause of cancer-related deaths in adults in this country. Its etiology is unknown, and there is currently no effective method of early diagnosis. Although this article will focus on the proper management of patients with potentially resectable disease, such patients represent the minority of those diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. Therefore, at most medical centers, clinical and basic science research is proceeding in parallel: while attempting to optimize the length and quality of life of patients with localized pancreatic tumors, research is also focusing on developing improved strategies for early diagnosis and effective systemic therapy. For patients with localized pancreatic cancer, data from our institution support the use of detailed preoperative imaging studies to allow accurate assessment of tumor resectability. Patients found to have locally advanced or metastatic disease do not undergo laparotomy; biliary decompression, when necessary, is performed utilizing endoscopic or laparoscopic techniques. Pancreaticoduodenectomy is performed on carefully selected patients as part of a protocol-based clinical research program emphasizing the importance of multimodality management for patients with potentially resectable adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head. ER  - 
Preoperative chemotherapy and radiation therapy for patients with pancreatic carcinoma without demonstrable metastatic disease: The Fox Chase Cancer Center experience$$$ Sixty-three patients were treated with a program of preoperative radiotherapy (RT) and two 96-hour infusions of 5-fluorouracil (1,000 mg/m2/day, days 2-5 and 29-32) and a single bolus of mitomycin C (10 mg/m2) on day 2. Those who had no evidence of distant disease nor local unresectability underwent pancreatic resection (16 Whipple resections, 7 total pancreatectomies, 2 distal pancreatectomies). Thirty-eight percent of the patients had grade 3 or 4 toxicity from the chemoradiotherapy (CTRT). One patient died during CTRT of biliary sepsis. Operative mortality for the 25 patients with potentially curative (PC) resections was 4%. One of the four patients with palliative resection died postoperatively. Two other patients with PC resection had major postoperative morbidity. Median survival for those with PC resections was 22 months, while 5-year survival was 20%. Recurrence was noted in 20 patients, primarily in the liver (50% of patients). Follow-up is 25 months for 7 patients remaining alive (range 16- 77 months). We conclude that this technique is relatively safe, and can produce local cancer control in most patients and prolonged survival in a few with truly localized disease. It is still unclear whether this method of treatment sequencing is any better than postoperative CTRT. ER  - 
Pancreatic cancer: An overview$$$ There are about 27,000 new cases of carcinoma of the pancreas each year and most afflicted patients will die of the disease. Although smoking is a common denominator, chronic pancreatitis is considered to be an important precursor lesion, but to a much lesser degree. Pancreatic cancer is primarily a disease of the pancreatic ducts. The molecular events are under intense study, but c-K-ras mutation is involved in about 80% of the cases and p53 to a slightly lesser degree (60-80%). Early manifestations are usually occult with jaundice being a relatively early manifestation. Diagnostic imaging with thin slice computerized tomography and portography, along with endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP), are currently the most sensitive detection techniques. The developing use of endoscopic ultrasound and laparoscopy appear to enhance detection and are under evaluation. In advanced disease, endoscopic bypass may eliminate the need for unnecessary surgery in many patients, although gastrointestinal bypass is still required in some (10-15%). Curative resection is possible in selected patients (perhaps 10- 15%) with expectation of extended survival ranging from 6 to 20% in some series. The survival differences may be related to stage, patient selection, and the expertise of the operative team. Pre-operative chemoradiation is under study and may improve outcome. Clinical trial participation is essential for improvement in treatment outcomes. ER  - 
Pain and depression in patients with newly diagnosed pancreas cancer$$$ Purpose: To evaluate the prevalence of pain and depression, their correlation, and their effect on quality of life in patients with recently diagnosed adenocarcinoma of the pancreas (PC). Materials and Methods: Cross- sectional pain and psychosocial distress were assessed using validated instruments, including the Memorial Pain Assessment Card (MPAC), Beck Depression inventory (BDI), Hopelessness Scale (BHS), and Functional Living Index-Cancer (FLIC). Patients were evaluated before their first operation for PC or first treatment with chemotherapy at a large tertiary-care cancer center. Results: One hundred thirty patients with proven PC were studied: 83 before their operation and 47 before their first chemotherapy treatment. At the time of study entrance, 37% of patients had no pain and an additional 34% had pain that was mild or less severe. Only 29% of patients had moderate, strong, or severe pain. Chemotherapy patients reported significantly mare intense pain than did preoperative patients (P = .02). Symptoms of depression were assessed using the BDI and BHS scales. A substantial minority of patients (38%) had BDI scores ≥ 15, which suggests high levels of depressive symptoms. There was a significant correlation between increasing pain and depressive symptoms among those who experienced pain. Quality of life was assessed using the Weekly Activity Checklist (WAC) and the FLIC. Compared with patients who had no pain or mild pain, patients with moderate or greater pain had significantly impaired functional activity (P = .03) and poorer quality-of-life scores (P = .02) when compared with those with lesser degrees of pain. There were significant correlations between increasing pain and depression and between pain and depressive symptoms and impaired quality of life and function. Conclusion: Our results indicate that moderate or severe pain and symptoms of depression are not as prevalent in recently diagnosed PC patients as is generally believed. However, one third have inadequate pain control despite the use of oral analgesics. These patients can be identified by the use of a simple self-report instrument (the MPAC card). Quality of life and function are adversely affected by moderate or greater levels of perceived pain intensity. A simple and rapid assessment is possible and can identify high-risk patients in need of intervention that may improve quality of life. ER  - 
A pilot study of preoperative chemoradiation for patients with localized adenocarcinoma of the pancreas$$$ BACKGROUND: We hypothesized that delivering adjuvant radiotherapy (RT) preoperatively with chemotherapy might enhance local control of the cancer and patient tolerance for the intervention. METHODS: Thirty-four patients with localized pancreatic cancer (24 head, 8 head and body, 2 body and tail) were treated during the past 6 years with an intramural protocol consisting of 5-fluorouracil (1,000 mg/m2 on days 2 to 5 and 29 to 32) and mitomycin-C (10 mg/m2 on day 2) given with preoperative external beam RT (median 5,040 cGy). Nine patients did not have surgery: 1 refused, 1 died of cholangitis, and 7 were noted to have distant (5) or unresectable local cancer (2) after RT. Of the 25 patients who underwent celiotomy, 11 had liver (8) or peritoneal (3) metastases and 3 had palliative pancreatectomies (2 with liver metastasectomy and 1 with hepatic artery and portal vein replacement). The remaining 11 patients (44% of the cohort with surgery, 32% of all patients) had potentially curative (PC) resections (5 total pancreatectomy, 5 Whipple, 1 distal pancreatectomy). Median tumor diameter by computed tomographic scan was 3.75 cm (range 3 to 5) for the 11 patients who received PC resections and 4.5 cm (range 3 to 7.5) for all patients. Of the 11 patients with PC resections, 8 had evidence of superior mesenteric, portal or splenic venous involvement and 4 had been deemed unresectable at previous celiotomies. RESULTS: One patient developed respiratory failure and one died postoperatively, yielding a 9% rate of major morbidity and mortality. Median follow-up of the surviving patients with curative resection is 33 months (range 14 to 70). Their median survival from the time of tissue diagnosis is 45 months with a median disease-free survival of 27 months. The product limit estimate of 5-year survival is 40% (95% confidence bounds +29%, -30%). One patient had a microscopically positive resection margin, which was a falsely negative frozen section margin at the pancreatic neck. Two patients had positive regional lymph nodes. Five patients have been diagnosed with recurrent cancer. Only 1 has had a local/regional component to the recurrence. CONCLUSIONS: Preoperative RT and chemotherapy followed by resection is well tolerated and safe for patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer. This approach provides tumor free resection margins and offers prolonged survival to patients with truly localized pancreatic cancer. ER  - 
Current management of pancreatic carcinoma$$$ Objective: The author seeks to provide an update on the current management of pancreatic carcinoma, including diagnosis and staging, surgical resection and adjuvant therapy for curative intent, and palliation. Summary Background Data: During the 1960s and 1970s, the operative mortality and long-term survival after pancreaticoduodenectomy for pancreatic carcinoma was so poor that some authors advocated abandoning the procedure. Several recent series have reported a marked improvement in perioperative results with 5-year survival in excess of 20%. Significant advances also have been made in areas of preoperative evaluation and palliation for advanced disease. Conclusion: Although carcinoma of the pancreas remains a disease with a poor prognosis, advances in the last decade have led to improvements in the overall management of this disease. Resection for curative intent currently should be accomplished with minimal perioperative mortality. Surgical palliation also may provide the optimal management of selected patients. ER  - 
Staging concepts for gastrointestinal malignancies: The importance of preoperative locoregional T- and N-staging$$$ Preoperative locoregional staging of gastrointestinal tumors is of special significance for evaluation of respectability that means complete tumor removal without residual tumor (RO-resection). This is especially important within a multimodal therapeutic concept including neoadjuvant therapy of nonresectable tumors. In esophageal cancer above the bifurcation, tumors that are staged T3 or T4 should have neoadjuvant radiochemotherapy in order to achieve a down-staging and increase the chance for a complete tumor resection. Preoperative chemotherapy is further established in esophageal carcinomas below the bifurcation and gastric carcinomas in stage T4. As in pancreatic carcinoma, neoadjuvant treatment has no proven indication. Preoperative locoregional staging mainly concerns the infiltration of retroperitoneal veins, which represents the crucial point for respectability. Concerning carcinomas of the lower GI tract the T- and N-staging is of special relevance for rectal cancer because preoperative radiochemotherapy in T4-stage is an accepted indication. The T- and N-staging of gastrointestinal tumors has important clinical consequences; the demands for accuracy of endosonographic examinations are therefore very high. ER  - 
Early stage gastric lymphoma: Is operation essential?$$$ To assess the efficacy of primary chemotherapy for treatment of early stage patients with gastric lymphoma, multiple agent chemotherapy was given to patients prior to surgery. Five patients with stages IE and IIE of primary gastric lymphoma (54-65 years of age; three men, two women) were treated with multiple agent chemotherapy prior to gastric resection. In all patients the diagnosis was established by endoscopic biopsy. Two patients had stage IE disease, and three had stage IIE. Histopathologically, there was one diffuse large cell lesion and four diffuse medium cell lesions. All patients received two cycles of VEPA every 4 weeks. On the 16th to 44th day after completion of chemotherapy, total gastrectomy, systematic dissection of regional lymph nodes with resection of the caudal pancreas, and splenectomy were performed. Swelling of the regional lymph nodes was noted in four cases. In all five cases, histologic findings revealed no residual cells of malignant lymphoma in the resected specimen. None of the patients had no evidence of recurrence at 12 to 40 months after surgery. Primary chemotherapy alone thus resulted in the disappearance of malignant cells in stage IE/IIE gastric lymphoma. Our results suggest that surgery may not be an essential procedure for treatment of early stage gastric lymphoma. ER  - 
Preoperative evaluation of adenocarcinoma of the pancreas: Massachusetts General Hospital experience$$$ MOST PATIENTS with pancreatic cancer are seen with jaundice and/or pain and a pancreatic mass demonstrated by computed tomography. A careful clinical examination, as well as judicious application of endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography and endoscopic ultrasound, will exclude the majority of patients with benign conditions and those with nonpancreatic periampullary tumors. Once the diagnosis of carcinoma of the pancreas is entertained, further preoperative staging is warranted to (1) avoid unnecessary surgery in patients with metastatic or locally advanced disease, (2) limit radiation treatment to those without metastatic disease, and (3) identify potentially resectable patients for safe pancreatectomy and possible neoadjuvant treatment protocols. Laparoscopy was used to identify intraabdominal metastases in 24% of 114 patients, and angiography demonstrated vascular involvement in 48% of those without distant metastases. Peritoneal cytology was positive in 17% of patients; its significance in patients who are otherwise resectable is not known. ER  - 
Preoperative chemoradiotherapy for stage I-III adenocarcinoma of the pancreas: The Fox Chase Cancer Center experience with 63 patients$$$ SINCE 1987, 63 patients with cancer of the pancreas have been treated at Fox Chase Cancer Center with preoperative radiotherapy (1,060-6,300 cGy, median 5,040 cGy) combined with 5-fluorouracil (1,000 mg/m2/day, days 2 to 5 and 29 to 32) and mitomycin C (10 mg/m2, day 2). Four of the 29 resections were palliative (3 pancreatectomy plus liver metastasectomy, one hepatic artery and superior mesenteric vein resection and replacement) and 25 (40% of the entire series, 50% of those having surgery) were potentially curative. One patient with a palliative and one with a potentially curative resection died postoperatively. Two patients had severe complications after surgery. Seventeen (68%) of the 25 patients with potentially curative resections have developed recurrent disease, but only 4 have had a local component to that recurrence. Median survival of the 11 patients with potentially curative resections from the pilot series is 45 months. Follow-up of these 11 patients ranges from 17 to 73 months (median, 36 months). ER  - 
Role of adjuvant chemo- and radiotherapy in pancreatic cancer$$$ Recent improvements in the operative mortality and survival in patients undergoing resection for pancreatic cancer have led to a renewed interest in the role of adjuvant therapy. The roles of neoadjuvant radiotherapy, intraoperative radiotherapy, postoperative external beam radiotherapy and adjuvant chemotherapy alone are reviewed. More recently, combined multimodality adjuvant therapy has been used following 'curative resection' for pancreatic cancer, and the current status concerning the use of such treatment is addressed. There is insufficient evidence at present to recommend the use of routine adjuvant therapy. Nevertheless, there are sufficient encouraging data to advocate entering patients in large adjuvant therapy trials. ER  - 
Preoperative chemoradiation for adenocarcinoma of the pancreas and duodenum$$$ Purpose: This study was designed to evaluate the effects of preoperative chemoradiation on resectability, response, local control, and survival in patients with local or local-regional involvement from carcinoma of the pancreas or cancer of the duodenum and to assess the associated toxicity of such treatment. Methods and Materials: This prospective pilot study of preoperative chemoradiation was initiated in 1986 for patients with clinical evidence of adenocarcinoma of the pancreas or duodenum without evidence of distant metastases. Radiation was given at 1.8 Gy per day to a total dose of 50.4 Gy. Two cycles of chemotherapy were given concurrent with radiation. On days 2-5 and 29-32, 5-fluorouracil (1 gm/m2/24 h x 4 days) was given, while mitomycin-C (10 mg/m2) was given on day 2 only. Surgical resection was 4-6 weeks following completion of chemoradiation. Thirty-one patients (17 male and 14 female) were entered on the protocol with a median potential follow- up of 4.5 years (range 6 months to 7.5 years). The median age was 64 years (range 32-73 years). Twenty-seven patients had pancreatic cancer (25 head, two body), while four patients had carcinoma arising from the duodenum. Twenty-one patients were initially judged to be unresectable and ten potentially resectable prior to chemoradiation. Results: Twenty-nine of 31 patients completed the entire course of radiation and both cycles of chemotherapy. Acute toxicity from chemoradiation consisted of nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, stomatitis, or hematologic suppression which was moderate to severe (Grade 3 or 4) in seven patients (23%). One patient died of sepsis following the first week of therapy. Seventeen patients (55%) underwent curative resection with subtotal or total pancreatectomy or Whipple resection (four duodenum, 13 pancreas) and two (2/17) had pathologic nodal involvement, while (0/17) none had involved margins. A complete pathologic response was seen in all four (4/4) patients with duodenal cancer and in none (0/13) with pancreatic cancer who underwent resection. The median postoperative hospitalization stay was 22 days (range 4-144 days). Of 17 patients who underwent curative resection, there were two postoperative mortalities (12%). Late complications have included abscess, one; and nonmalignant ascites, five. Ten of the 31 patients are alive. For patients with pancreatic cancer the median survival is 9 months, while survival at 1 year and 3 years are 36% and 19% overall and 60% and 43% at 1 and 3 years for those undergoing resection. Six of the 27 patients (22%) with pancreatic cancer are alive without recurrence. All four patients with duodenal cancer are alive without recurrence (12 months, 23 months, 35 months, 90 months). Conclusion: Preoperative chemoradiation for cancer of the pancreas and duodenal region was relatively well-tolerated and enhanced resectability and downstaging of nodal metastases were suggested. The 3-year survival, particularly in patients who underwent resection, was high. For these reasons the applicability of this treatment regimen for pancreatic cancer is presently being studied in a group-wide multi-institutional Phase II trial. Chemoradiation for duodenal cancer has produced a complete pathologic response in all patients and survival has been excellent, suggesting efficacy of this regimen for duodenal cancer. ER  - 
Pancreatic lymphoma: Is it a surgical disease?$$$ Primary pancreatic lymphoma is a rare neoplasm that reportedly regresses promptly with aggressive chemotherapy. Recently, the role of surgical management has been relegated to biopsy alone. The aim of this study was to review our experience with primary pancreatic lymphoma and to determine the outcome of patients managed by radiation therapy and/or chemotherapy. From 1952 to 1991, 107 patients with non-Hodgkin's lymphoma involving the pancreas were identified. Twelve patients (11%) had primary pancreatic lymphoma. The presenting symptoms and signs were nonspecific: abdominal pain (83%), weight loss (50%), and a palpable mass (58%). Six of the 12 patients (50%) undergoing celiotomy had a preoperative diagnosis of pancreatic carcinoma. These lymphomas were large (x̄ = 8 ± 2 cm) and deemed unresectable because of size, alleged mesenteric vessel encroachment, regional lymph node metastasis, or because of an intraoperative diagnosis of lymphoma. Biopsy alone was performed in 50% of patients and biliary bypass and/or gastroenterostomy was performed in 25% of patients. A single resection (pancreatoduodenectomy) was performed 1 year after a full course of chemotherapy had failed. Ten patients, all of whom died of progressive lymphoma, received primary postoperative radiation therapy and/or chemotherapy, and no patient was disease-free at follow-up. Mean survival was 13 months for patients who received chemotherapy alone (n = 2), 22 months for those treated with radiation therapy only (n = 5), and 26 months for those receiving combined radiation therapy and chemotherapy (n = 3). In view of the poor survival with radiation therapy and chemotherapy and the decreased morbidity and mortality of pancreatectomy in recent years, a more aggressive surgical approach including pancreatic resection or tumor debulking should be adopted. ER  - 
Pre- and post-operative adjuvant targeting locoregional chemotherapy combined with locoregional targeting immunostimulation and surgical resection for hepatocellular carcinoma: A new promising alternative$$$ Hepatocellular carcinoma remains a challenging disease with a poor prognosis in terms of outcome and overall survival. Although resectional liver surgery remains the optimal treatment option, it is associated with a high incidence of intrahepatic recurrence. We present our experience of a new multimodality treatment approach for the management of patients with hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), consisting of liver resection in combination with induced targeting locoregional, pre- and post-operative, chemotherapy and immunotherapy in 20 patients with HCC. Twenty patients (15 male and 5 female) with HCC were included in the present study. All patients had preoperative selective hepatic artery digital angiography, two courses of induced transarterial targeting locoregional chemotherapy and one series of 5 courses of targeting locoregional immunotherapy, at 20 days intervals. Three weeks later, all patients underwent resectional liver surgery, one month after surgery, and at monthly intervals, all surviving patients had 4 courses of transarterial induced targeting locoregional chemotherapy-immunotherapy. To treat persistent residual pathology in the liver remnant, additional courses of regional targeting chemotherapy-immunotherapy were carried out via the subcutaneously implanted pump in 5 patients. All 20 patients had major liver resection. Three patients died from liver failure because of advanced liver cirrhosis, 25, 29 and 32 days after surgery, respectively. Histology of the resected specimens revealed complete (n = 4) or advanced (n-14) tumour necrosis in 18 out of the 20 patients. In the remaining 2 patients moderate tumour necrosis was confirmed. Postoperative residual pathology was seen in 7 patients, but it was been eliminated in an of them after postoperative induced transarterial targeting locoregional chemotherapy-immunotherapy. Overall survival ranged from 6 to 20 months, mean survival 13 months. In conclusion, resectional liver surgery combined with pre- and post-operative induced targeting locoregional chemotherapy-immunotherapy is associated with promising results regarding possible decrease or elimination of intrahepatic recurrence of HCC after liver resection and satisfactory overall survival. ER  - 
Indications for palliative surgery in gastrointestinal oncology$$$ The data of the literature demonstrate the poor global results of surgical treatment of the principal gastrointestinal cancers: oesophagus, stomach, bile ducts, liver, exocrine pancreas, colon and rectum. Surgery which was thought to be curative all too frequently proves to be simply a palliative procedure. The risk of failure is so high that a strategy should now be systematically adopted, combining surgery, radiotherapy, chemotherapy and symptomatic treatments. The rigor of this multidisciplinary approach is based on comparative studies confirming the prospective series and measuring the quality and duration of survival. Some protocols provide considerable improvement, for example preoperative radiotherapy of cancers of the rectum, or propose an interesting alternative such as the combination of radiotherapy and chemotherapy in cancer of the oesophagus. The participation of surgeons in multicentre prospective studies should validate and improve current oncological practice while also evaluating the contribution of a new method such as laparoscopic surgery. This commitment includes a definition of therapeutic objectives, definition of the reference treatment, selection of the criteria of the quality of the procedures involved in this treatment and objective assessment of the results. ER  - 
Chemo-occlusion for the treatment of liver cancer. A new technique using degradable starch microspheres$$$ The use of particulate embolic agents combined with regional chemotherapy in the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma and metastatic liver cancer has been widely investigated over the past decade. The rationale for the use of such agents is to provide vascular blockade, resulting in a reduced or halted blood flow. This increases the in situ time, tumour exposure and, thus, efficacy of any coadministered cytotoxic drug. Of all the embolic agents and techniques available, degradable starch microspheres (DSMs) are the agents that have been evaluated most extensively. DSMs are non-toxic, are readily degradable and provide temporary vascular occlusion. Phase II and III clinical trials have demonstrated the efficacy of DSM when coadministered with chemotherapeutic drugs (chemo-occlusion), as measured by tumour response. Indeed, compared with drug therapy alone, a significantly greater tumour response is associated with chemo-occlusion, for patients with either hepatocellular carcinoma or metastatic liver cancer. The use of combination or multimodular therapics have, in recent years, been investigated the therapeutic benefits associated with chemo-occlusion would suggest that this technique might have a potential application as an adjuvant, or neoadjuvant therapy, for example, in reducing tumour recurrence after surgical resection in hepatocellular carcinoma, or downstaging a tumour prior to surgical resection, respectively. Furthermore, comprehensive management of patients with liver metastases and potential extrahepatic involvement may well be achieved by a combination of DSM chemo-occlusion and systemic chemotherapy. Large, randomised trials are, however, required to access more fully the clinical benefits associated with chemo-occlusion, such as, quality of life, time to tumour progression and survival. Regionally occlusive techniques administered with cytotoxic agents have also shown potential in the treatment of alternative cancers, for example, breast and pancreatic carcinomas. However, these therapies require further evaluation. ER  - 
Adjuvant radiotherapy and chemotherapy for biliary and pancreatic cancer$$$ Due to the limited efficacy of surgery in pancreatico-biliary cancer, perioperative treatment modalities are of high clinical interest. Adjuvant chemoradiation with protracted infusion 5-FU for these tumors is an attractive direction for continued clinical research and may increase local control. Improved local control may influence survival as has been demonstrated by the results of adjuvant chemoradiation for operable rectal cancer. Newer combinations of chemotherapy and external beam radiotherapy (ExBRT) will need to be tested. The results of combined modality therapy indicate that increased normal tissue reactions occur and caution must be exercised during treatment especially in the areas of nutrition and fluid balance. New treatment strategies with electron beam IORT are also investigating higher doses of radiotherapy than those achieved with ExBRT alone in order to achieve better permanent tumor eradication. Data from our institution have demonstrated the safety of aggressive preoperative chemoradiation, surgical resection and IORT. Prophylactic hepatic and whole abdominal chemoradiation for occult liver disease needs further testing in clinical trials, since the liver is the single most frequent site of failure outside the primary site. ER  - 
Reoperative pancreaticoduodenectomy$$$ Objective: The preoperative diagnostic strategy and operative technique for reoperative pancreaticoduodenectomy were outlined and operative mortality, perioperative morbidity, and early survival data in carefully selected patients undergoing reoperation for pancreatic cancer were analyzed. Summary Background Data: Many patients with localized, nonmetastatic cancer of the pancreas undergo exploratory surgery with limited preoperative assessment of resectability. Frequently, pancreaticoduodenectomy is not performed because cytologic or histologic proof of diagnosis is lacking, or tumor resectability is questioned. Many patients are denied reoperation and a potentially curative resection because of the unacceptable morbidity and mortality believed to accompany pancreaticoduodenectomy in the reoperative setting. Methods: Twenty-three patients who had undergone previous surgery for palliation or diagnosis of a pancreatic head mass were reoperated on after a standardized preoperative imaging evaluation consisting of chest radiography, computed tomography, and visceral angiography. A standardized operative technique was used on all patients, but was modified based on altered anatomy from the initial operation. Results: Based on preoperative imaging studies, 19 of the 23 patients believed to have resectable tumors underwent laparotomy for planned pancreaticoduodenectomy; resection was accomplished in 14 patients. Seven of the fourteen patients required extended resections that included the superior mesenteric vein, right colon, or both. There was no perioperative mortality, and early complications occurred in 3 of the 14 resected patients. Four patients underwent planned palliative procedures. Four of ten patients who underwent resection for adenocarcinoma are without evidence of disease at a median follow-up of 26 months. Conclusions: Reoperative pancreaticoduodenectomy can be performed safely and may result in prolonged survival in carefully selected patients with resectable, localized pancreatic cancer. ER  - 
Pancreatic carcinoma$$$ Epidemiologic studies have provided strong evidence linking chronic pancreatitis with pancreatic carcinoma. For patients with alcoholic and idiopathic chronic pancreatitis, the standardized incidence rate was 16.5; for those with tropical pancreatitis it was 100. The molecular events leading to the development of this cancer continue to be the subject of intense research, with mutations of the K-ras oncogene playing a major role. Although early diagnosis of pancreatic cancer continues to be elusive, better tools for the differential diagnosis of pancreatic and biliary strictures are becoming available. Surgery continues to offer the only possibility of cure; however, most patients still have local recurrence after resection. More aggressive treatment protocols combining preoperative chemoradiation and intraoperative radiation with surgery are being used. ER  - 
High-dose preoperative external beam and intraoperative irradiation for locally advanced pancreatic cancer$$$ Purpose: To analyze results of high-dose preoperative external beam irradiation followed by surgical exploration and intraoperative radiation therapy in patients with unresectable pancreatic cancer. Methods and Materials: From December 1983 through December 1990, 27 patients with primary unresectable but localized pancreatic adenocarcinoma received high-dose (50 to 54 Gy) external beam irradiation with or without concomitant bolus 5- fluorouracil followed by surgical exploration and intraoperative electron beam irradiation (20 Gy) at the Mayo Clinic. Results: Local control was achieved in 21 of 27 (78%) patients. Actuarial local control at 1, 2, and 5 years was 86%, 68%, and 45%, respectively. In 19 (70%) of the 27 patients, distant metastasis developed, and peritoneal or liver progression (or both) was found in 14 (52%). The actuarial distant metastasis rate at 2 and 5 years was 69% and 83%, respectively. Median survival from the date of diagnosis was 14.9 months. Actuarial 2- and 5-year overall survival was 27% and 7%, respectively. These survival rates are higher (p = 0.001) than the 6% and 0% actuarial 2- and 5-year survival observed in 56 patients who underwent intraoperative radiation therapy followed by post-operative high-dose external beam treatment at our institution. Conclusion: Administering the full component of external beam irradiation before exploration and intraoperative radiation therapy may be more appropriate because it allows better patient selection. Unfortunately, altered patient selection was not effective in decreasing the relative risk of abdominal failure. Because effective systemic chemotherapy does not currently exist, whole abdominal irradiation alone or in combination with chemotherapy warrants evaluation. ER  - 
Intraoperative ultrasonography in the detection of liver metastases of gastrointestinal cancer$$$ The authors illustrate their experience in the systematic use of intraoperative ultrasonography of the liver in patients undergoing surgery due to gastrointestinal cancer. The liver is the organ in which mestastases from colorectal, stomach, pancreatic, and biliary cancer are most often localised. Between January 1991 and April 1992 95 patients underwent intraoperative ultrasonographic controls of the liver. In all cases the liver was studied using traditional image diagnosis: standard ultrasonography and CAT. On the basis of their experience the authors observed 12 cases negative for metastases using CAT and traditional ultrasonography which were positive using intraoperative ultrasonography, 2 cases which were positive for secondary hepatic lesions using traditional diagnostic tools but negative following histological tests guided by intraoperative ultrasonography. In the case of false negatives using traditional methods, those metastases revealed by intraoperative ultrasonography were above all located deep down and in segments which are difficult to explore, or were so small that they were not visible or palpable during intraoperative controls of the viscera. Intraoperative ultrasonography of the liver has been found to be a more sensitive test (97% of the best series) than standard ultrasonography (65%) or CAT (43%). Higher resolution due to the characteristics of the method is coupled with the possibility that intraoperative ultrasonography may be used to guide biopsies of the metastases revealed, thus allowing histological confirmation to be obtained: for this reason the risk of false positives is virtually zero. Intraoperative ultrasonography has been found to be a very sensitive method since it enables metastases to be identified which are not revealed by preoperative staging, or, in the event that metastases have been located prior to surgery, to specify their number. Given that the prognosis for patients with gastrointestinal cancer improves if metastases are identified and treated as early as possible (especially in the case of repeated colorectal cancer), intraoperative ultrasonography allows more precise staging of cancer, thus modifying surgical tactics, initially programmed to include the removal of the primary tumour, and extending it to the removal of the metastases. When the latter are multiple and cannot be operated, surgery is therefore shown to be palliative and arterial chemotherapy is indicated. Intraoperative ultrasonography allows the major vascular and biliary structures to be recognised, making surgical procedures safer and easy to perform. Lastly, on the basis of the authors' experience the method is free of complications. ER  - 
A case of Borrmann 4 type adenocarcinoma of 18-year-old man. With review of 25 cases of gastric carcinoma in the young$$$ A case of 18-year-old man with Borrmann 4-type gastric carcinoma was presented. The patient consulted a physician due to epigastralgia in hungry, and in upper gastrointestinal series a small ulecrative lesion of stomach was found. After a month of medication of anti-ulceratives without any improvements of the symptom, he visited the Department of Surgery, Cancer Research Institute Hospital, Kanazawa University. With X-ray and endoscopic examinations of the stomach, Borrmann 4-type gastric carcinoma was detected. After neoadjuvant chemotherapy, total gastrectomy with resections of pancreatic body and transverse colon was performed. Histopathologically, the cancer measuring 10 x 8 cm was composed of poorly defferentiated adenocarcinoma cells scatterd in desmoplastic stroma. The cancer cells invaded to the transverse colon with lymphatic and vascular involvements. Intraoperative cytology of ascites was positive for malignancy and the operation was noncurative. After a year of the operation, metastasis of liver and kidney appeared and the patient died with peritonitis carcinomatosa. Twenty-five cases of gastric carcinoma of the young in the age from 16 to 19 years were reviewed in the literature. The discussion was made briefly on the clinicopathology of the gastric carcinoma in the young, the necessity of endoscopic examination for the detection of cancer in its early stage was concluded. ER  - 
A single institutional experience with preoperative chemoradiotherapy for stage I-III pancreatic adenocarcinoma$$$ In order to determine whether preresectional chemoradiotherapy (CTRT) would influence resectability, local control, and survival of patients with localized pancreatic adenocarcinoma, a 5 1/2 -year prospective study of 39 patients treated with preoperative radiation therapy, 5-Fluorouracil (5-FU), and Mitomycin C has been performed. Thirty patients had celiotomy after CTRT (1/39 died while receiving CTRT, one refused surgery, and seven had extrapancreatic disease progression). Seventeen (57%) had resections (seven total, two distal subtotal, and eight Whipple pancreaticoduodenectomies). All had clear margins of excision, and only one had any positive lymph nodes in the resected specimen. Eleven patients with resection had Stage I cancers (5 T1b, 6 T2), five had Stage II, and one had a Stage III lesion. Previous bypass surgery, age, clinical response to CTRT, and tumor size had no influence on resectability. Two patients died postoperatively (12%) early in the series. Three others suffered major morbidity (chylous ascites requiring peritoneovenous shunt, ARDS, and prolonged afferent loop obstruction leading to a fatal liver abscess 5 months after surgery). Two patients with resection are alive without recurrence at 48 months after tissue diagnosis, and six others are also alive without recurrence, after from 6 to 23 months. In summary, resectability is probably enhanced and nodal metastases and resection margins are downstaged by preoperative CTRT. Demonstration of an improved survival benefit awaits further observation and phase III trials. ER  - 
Current approaches to multimodality management of advanced pancreatic cancer$$$ For patients with localized pancreatic adenocarcinoma, the combination of radiation therapy and 5-fluorouracil has been shown to enhance patient survival. Following pancreatectomy, results in a second group of patients confirmed the benefit of 40 Gy of radiation administered as a split course, combined with 5-fluorouracil during and following the radiation therapy, as noted in the original randomized study of the Gastrointestinal Tumor Study Group. When the disease is locally unresectable, 60 Gy of radiation administered in a double split regimen, in combination with 5-fluorouracil, has significantly prolonged survival. Split courses of radiation therapy seem better tolerated, allowing a greater proportion of patients to complete this phase of treatment. Hyperfractionation, heavy ion irradiation and intraoperative radiation therapy have not been found to be more beneficial. Newer approaches include continuous intravenous or intraarterial infusion of the 5-fluorouracil, addition of mitomycin C or cisplatin. The results of neoadjuvant trials of radiation and chemotherapy are not sufficiently mature to determine their effect on patient survival. Neoadjuvant therapy has not been subjected to testing in randomized trials. Chemotherapy will continue to offer very limited benefit for patients with advanced metastatic disease until more effective drugs can be developed. Innovative approaches utilizing growth factors and photodynamic therapy should be studied in carefully monitored fashion. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant chemoradiation in pancreatic and duodenal carcinoma: A Phase II study$$$ Background. Low resectability rate and high locoregional recurrence are major factors contributing to the failure of surgical treatment for localized pancreatic adenocarcinoma. A Phase II study involving preoperative 5- fluorouracil (5-FU) and mitomycin C and radiation therapy was evaluated. Methods. Thirty-one patients with biopsy-proven carcinoma (24, head of pancreas; 2, body; 5 duodenum) were treated with preoperative radiation therapy, 5040 cGy (180 cGy/fraction, 5 days/week), concurrent with 5-FU, 1000 mg/m2/day continuous infusion (days 2-5, 28-32) and mitomycin C 10mg/m2 bolus (day 2). Ten patients had previous laparotomy or bypass surgery and were deemed unresectable; 21 had percutaneous, endoscopic retrograde choleangiopancreatic, or transhepatic stent biopsies. Results. Toxicity included neutropenic fever (2 patients), biliary sepsis (2 patients), and nausea and vomiting requiring total parenteral nutrition. One patient died of biliary sepsis before completion of chemoradiation and 11 patients showed evidence of metastatic disease (clinical or occult). Resectability rate was 38% (10/26) for pancreatic carcinoma and 80% (4/5) for duodenal carcinoma. Pathology of the resected specimens revealed extensive necrosis and hyalinization with clear margins in all cases. Lymph node metastases were found in one case of pancreatic carcinoma. The four resected duodenal carcinomas contained no residual tumor in the specimens. At a median follow- up of 29 months, the median survival time for those with pancreatic carcinoma was not yet reached in the resection group and was 8 months in the nonresection group. The corresponding actuarial 5-year survival rates were 58% and 0%, respectively. Conclusions. Neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy was given safely to patients with pancreatic and duodenal carcinoma. It facilitated complete resection in 38% of patients with pancreatic carcinoma and 80% of those with duodenal carcinoma. A significant downstaging of positive margins and regional lymph nodes occurs as a result of preoperative chemoradiation. ER  - 
Malignant fibrous histiocytoma arising from the renal capsule$$$ We report a case of malignant fibrous histiocytoma (MFH) arising from the renal capsule. A 66-year-old man was admitted with the chief complaint of loss of appetite, weight loss, fever and abdominal mass. He was diagnosed as suffering from left renal carcinoma by preoperative radiological examinations. Radical nephrectomy, splenectomy, pancreas tail resection and partial descending colectomy were performed due to tumor invasions on 22 Jan., 1991. The histopathological diagnosis was MFH arising from the renal capsule. Intramuscular injections of IFN-α were tried as an adjuvant therapy, but these were terminated due to the side effect of fever. At his 2-month postoperative examination, CT scan revealed local recurrence. Combination chemotherapy of adriamycin and cyclophosphamide was tried, but this was terminated due to melena. He died on 10th May, 1991. We reviewed 27 domestic case reports of MFH arising from the kidney. ER  - 
Combined modality treatment of gastrointestinal cancer$$$ During the past year, little of finite value has been published to change the approach to combined treatment modalities for the patient with gastrointestinal cancer. The value of adding other modalities to surgery to improve the cure racte has been marginal. Neoadjuvant and adjuvant treatment appear to be making inroads into the treatment of esophagus cancer, and newer development of less toxic treatment offers promise for the future. In stomach cancer, combined modality treatment is only of value for patients with locally advanced disease. In the United States, adjuvant chemotherapy is accepted as being of value for patients with colon cancer, and adjuvant treatment with both radiotherapy and chemotherapy is considered to be best for patients with surgically treatable rectum cancer. Primary liver cancer continues to offer a challenge for combined modality treatment, but a call for prospective, randomized control atrial seems to be in order. ER  - 
Resection of a solid and papillary epithelial neoplasm of the pancreas following treatment with cis-platinum and 5-fluorouracil: A case report$$$ A 15-year-old female was found at laparotomy to have an unresecteable 15 cm solid and papillary epithelial neoplasm of the pancreas invading the superior mesenteric vein. The tumor regressed when treated with cis-platinum and 5-fluorouracil for 6 months leaving a 3.5 cm mass which was resected at reoperation. Response to chemotherapy has not been previously documented for this tumor histology and may contribute to the management of this locally invasive tumor. ER  - 
Chemical splanchnicectomy in patients with unresectable pancreatic cancer: A prospective randomized trial$$$ Objective: A prospective, randomized, double-blind study was completed comparing intraoperative chemical splanchnicectomy with 50% alcohol versus a placebo injection of saline in patients with histologically proven unresectable pancreatic cancer. Methods: Standardized assessment of pain, mood, and disability due to pain was completed preoperatively and at 2-month intervals until death. Chemical splanchnicectomy with alcohol was performed in 65 patients, whereas 72 patients received the placebo. The two groups were similar with respect to age, sex, location, and stage of tumor, operation performed, the use of postoperative chemo- and radiation therapy, and initial assessment scores for pain, mood, and disability. Results: No differences in hospital mortality or complications, return to oral intake, or length of hospital stay were observed. Mean pain scores were significantly lower in the alcohol group at 2-, 4-, and 6-month follow-up and at the final assessment (p<0.05). To further determine the effect of chemical splanchnicectomy, patients were stratified into those with and without preoperative pain. In patients without preoperative pain, alcohol significantly reduced pain scores and delayed or prevented the subsequent onset of pain (p<0.05). In patients with significant preoperative pain, alcohol significantly reduced existing pain (p<0.05). Furthermore, patients with preexisting pain who received alcohol showed a significant improvement in survival when compared with controls (p<0.0001). Conclusion: The results suggest that intraoperative chemical splanchnicectomy with alcohol significantly reduces or prevents pain in patients with unresectable pancreatic cancer. ER  - 
Neoadjuvant therapy for unresectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma$$$ The purposes of this study were to determine whether continuous infusion of fluorouracil combined with external-beam radiation therapy improved the resectability and survival of patients with pancreatic carcinoma. Sixteen patients with unresectable disease confined to the pancreas and celiac nodes were treated, and their outcome was compared with that of 24 patients with potentially resectable disease who were treated concurrently. The neoadjuvant therapy was completed with acceptably few toxic effects but with only a minor decrease in tumor size. Two patients underwent resection and remained free of disease 20 and 22.5 months later. However, the median survival of the entire neoadjuvant group was 8 months. All 24 patients with potentially resectable carcinoma underwent surgical exploration. Fifteen of the 24 patients underwent resection and survived a median of 12.5 months. Neoadjuvant chemoradiation may have improved outcome and resectability for two (12.5%) of 16 patients with unresectable pancreatic carcinoma, but more effective therapy options must be developed to improve outcome. ER  - 
Radical pancreatic resection for benign and malignant disease$$$ From 1972 to 1990 a total of 44 patients (24 men and 20 women) underwent pancreatic resections at our institution. We undertook a retrospective review to discover what prognostic indicators would predict long-term survival for patients with malignancy. Prognostic indicators included primary tumor location and size, tumor differentiation and grade, tumor invasion, number of positive lymph nodes, and postoperative radiation and chemotherapy. Overall, three patients died within the 30-day postoperative period (7%). One- and five-year survival rates following resection for malignancy were 67.5 and 31 per cent, respectively. Multivariate analysis identified primary tumor origin, nuclear grade, and preoperative bilirubin level greater than 2 mg/dl as the only statistically significant factors in determining survival. Our experience indicates that pancreatic resections are potentially curative in a significant percentage of patients with nonpancreatic primaries and, to a lesser extent, in those individuals with pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Other prognostic indicators examined in our series, however, did not affect long- term survival. ER  - 
Misperfusion of the liver during hepatic artery infusion chemotherapy: Value of preoperative angiography and postoperative pump scintigraphy$$$ OBJECTIVE. One purpose of this study was to determine if patients who have anatomic variations in their hepatic arteries are at increased risk for complications associated with the use of intrahepatic arterial infusion pumps. We also tried to determine the value of perfusion studies obtained with 99mTc-microspheres or 99mTc-macroaggregated albumin in detecting postoperative hepatic or visceral misperfusion and in predicting complications in patients with anatomic variants despite pre- or intraoperative attempts to correct the arterial abnormality. SUBJECTS AND METHODS. We prospectively compared findings on scintigrams obtained after delivering the radionuclide through intrahepatic arterial infusion pumps with anatomic variations in hepatic arteries seen on celiac and superior mesenteric hepatic arteriograms obtained before placement of the pump in 49 consecutive patients with colon carcinoma metastatic to the liver. RESULTS. Despite pre- or intraoperative attempts to correct arterial abnormalities to ensure optimal perfusion of the liver in 24 patients with hepatic arterial anomalies seen on preoperative arteriograms, only two patients had normal findings on postoperative perfusion studies performed with 99mTc- microspheres and/or 99mTc-macroaggregated albumin. Abnormalities included perfusion of extrahepatic organs, including the spleen in 12 patients, stomach in seven, bowel in four, and pancreas in three. Eight patients had no perfusion of the left lobe of the liver, and three had no perfusion of the right lobe. Two patients had minimal or no perfusion of both lobes. In 23 of 25 patients with no demonstrable variations in vascular anatomy on preoperative celiac and superior mesenteric arteriograms, findings on hepatic pump scintigrams were normal. Of the 24 patients with abnormal scintigraphic findings, 20 had subsequent clinical complications. However, only two of the 25 patients with normal scintigraphic findings had clinical complications. CONCLUSION. Our results indicate that patients with anatomic variations in the hepatic arterial system are at high risk for misperfusion during chemotherapy despite pre- or intraoperative efforts to alter the perfusion for chemotherapeutic agents delivered by intrahepatic arterial infusion pumps. Misperfusion can be detected by using pump scintigraphy, and therefore patients should be closely monitored with 99mTc-macroaggregated albumin perfusion studies to ensure successful delivery of the chemotherapeutic agents and to avoid serious clinical complications caused by inadvertent perfusion of other organs. ER  - 
Resection margins in carcinoma of the head of the pancreas: Implications for radiation therapy$$$ A retrospective review of the pathology and clinical course of 72 patients undergoing resection of carcinoma of the head of the pancreas was undertaken to identify the frequency of tumor involvement at standard surgical transection margins (stomach, duodenum, pancreas, and bile duct) as well as the peripancreatic soft tissue margin and the potential clinical significance of these findings. Of 72 patients undergoing resection, 37 patients (51%) were found to have tumor extension to the surgical margins. The most commonly involved margin was peripancreatic soft tissue (27 patients) followed by pancreatic transection line (14 patients) and bile duct transection line (4 patients). For 37 patients with tumor present at a resection margin, there were no survivors beyond 41 months. No difference in survival or local control was seen between 14 patients receiving postoperative radiation therapy and 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) compared with 23 patients not receiving additional treatment. In contrast, the 5-year actuarial survival and local control of 35 patients undergoing resection without tumor invasion to a resection margin was 22% and 43%, respectively. The 5-year survival and local control of 16 patients receiving adjuvant radiation therapy and 5-FU was 29% and 42%, respectively, whereas these figures were 18% and 31% for 19 patients not receiving adjuvant therapy (p > 0.10). Because residual local tumor after resection is common, preoperative radiation therapy may be beneficial in this disease. It should minimize the risk of dissemination during operative manipulation and facilitate a curative resection by promoting tumor regression. Because local failure rates approach 60% after resection and adjuvant therapy even in cases having clear resection margins, intraoperative radiation therapy to the tumor bed at the time of resection also might be considered. Protocols evaluating the feasibility and efficacy of preoperative radiation therapy and resection with intraoperative radiation therapy for patients with pancreatic cancer are underway. ER  - 
Patterns of failure after pancreaticoduodenectomy for ampullary carcinoma$$$ The clinical courses of 41 patients with ampullary carcinoma were retrospectively reviewed to determine patterns of failure after resection. The five year actuarial local control and overall survival rates of 29 patients undergoing only pancreaticoduodenectomy were 69 and 55 percent, respectively. For 12 patients with 'low risk' pathologic features (tumors limited to the ampulla or duodenum, well or moderately well-differentiated histologic factors, uninvolved lymph nodes or resection margins), the five year actuarial local control and survival rate was 100 and 80 percent, respectively. Adjuvant treatment may be unnecessary for this favorable subset of patients. On the other hand, the five year actuarial local control and survival after pancreaticoduodenectomy of 17 patients with 'high-risk' pathologic features (tumors invasive of the pancreas, poorly differentiated histologic findings, involved lymph nodes or resection margins) was only 50 and 38 percent, respectively (p<0.05). In 12 patients at 'high risk' who also received postoperative radiation therapy after pancreaticoduodenectomy, there was a trend toward better local control (83 percent), but there was no improvement in survival. Distant metastases (liver, peritoneum and pleura) were the dominant factor in determining outcome in this group. Therefore, we propose a trial of preoperative irradiation in hopes of enhancing these outcomes by reducing the risk of dissemination of cancer cells during surgical resection, especially among the 70 percent of patients with high risk pathologic features. ER  - 
Pancreatoblastoma resected by delayed primary operation after effective chemotherapy$$$ A case of pancreatoblastoma resected successfully after effective chemotherapy is discussed. Preoperative chemotherapy may be useful in patients with advanced unresectable pancreatoblastoma to permit complete resection of the tumor. ER  - 
Preoperative chemoradiation and pancreaticoduodenectomy for adenocarcinoma of the pancreas$$$ Chemoradiation prior to pancreaticoduodenectomy ensures that all patients who undergo resection complete multimodality therapy, avoids resection in patients with rapidly progressive disease, and allows radiation therapy to be delivered to well-oxygenated cells before surgical devascularization. Twenty- eight patients with cytologic or histologic proof of localized adenocarcinoma of the pancreatic head received preoperative chemoradiation (fluorouracil, 300 mg/m2 per day, and 50.4 Gy) with the intent of proceeding to resection; all 28 completed this preoperative therapy. Hospital admission because of gastrointestinal toxic effects was required in nine patients, yet no patient experienced a delay in operation. Restaging was performed 4 to 5 weeks after completion of chemoradiation, and five patients were found to have metastatic disease; the 23 patients without evidence of progressive disease underwent laparotomy. At laparotomy, three patients were found to have unsuspected metastatic disease, three patients had unresectable locally advanced disease, and 17 patients were able to undergo pancreaticoduodenectomy. One perioperative death resulted from myocardial infarction, and perioperative complications occurred in three patients. Histologic evidence of tumor cell injury was present in all resected specimens. Our results suggest that pancreaticoduodenectomy can be performed with a low incidence of complications after chemoradiation for localized adenocarcinoma of the pancreas. ER  - 
Preoperative administration of 5-FU emulsion for lymph nodes metastasis of pancreatic carcinoma$$$ 5-FU oil emulsion (n = 5) or 5-FU dry syrup (n = 4), at a daily dose of 332 mg for 7 days, was administered preoperatively to patients with periampullary carcinoma to evaluate the uptake of 5-FU to regional lymph nodes. In the group given 5-FU oil emulsion, the mean concentration of 5-FU was 293 ± 97 ng/ml (mean ± S.E.D.), and that of the group given dry syrup was 72 ± 20 ng/ml. Although no statistically significant difference was found, 5-FU seemed to reach the regional lymph nodes as an emulsion rather than as an aqueous solution. Preoperative administration of 5-FU emulsion might have some favorable effect on lymph node metastasis and lymph invasion of pancreatic carcinoma. ER  - 
Diagnosis of exocrine pancreatic diseases. Working Party Report to the European Pancreatic Club, Lund 1991$$$ The Working Party was of the opinion that certain investigations were of little or no clinical value in PC and, outside research projects, there was no place for the routine use of serological markers of disease or selective angiography. The emphasis of this brief report is therefore on a streamlining of investigation with increased expertise in ultrasonography diagnosis, as well as ERCP assessment. More wide-spread availability of angiogram enhanced CT scanning is desirable. In the minority group (approximately 15 per cent) considered suitable for surgical resection preoperative cytology should be avoided. ER  - 
Laparoscopic feeding jejunostomy tube in oncology patients$$$ Laparoscopic-guided feeding jejunostomy tubes are being utilized in two specific groups of patients: (i) patients with resectable or locally advanced adenocarcinoma of the pancreas treated on a protocol of preoperative chemoradiation, who may require nutritional support, and (ii) patients with metastatic or obstructing foregut tumours who require a route for delivery of fluid and medication. The technique, rationale and results for our first 17 patients who underwent laparoscopic placement of a tube jejunostomy are described. Laparoscopic feeding tube placement is a safe and cost-effective method to gain enteral access and stage the oncology patient's disease. This procedure is less invasive than standard surgery for tumour staging and feeding tube placement, and facilitates formula advancement and the patient's early hospital release without morbidity or mortality. ER  - 
Chemotherapy in the management of malignant gastrointestinal disease$$$ Malignancies arising from the gastrointestinal tract represent a diversity of histologies and natural history. The role of chemotherapy in the multidisciplinary approach to these malignancies is reviewed in this article. ER  - 
Intraoperative radiation therapy of carcinoma of the pancreas$$$ From May 1978 to December 1989, 54 patients with pancreatic carcinoma underwent electron beam intraoperative radiotherapy (IORT). Three died of preoperative complications within a month. In 19 patients, liver metastasis and/or peritoneal dissemination became obvious at laparotomy. They therefore underwent IORT with palliative intent. Relief of pain was obtained in 12 of the 14 patients with pain (85.7%), although three of them were treated in combination with splanchnic nerve block. Thirty-two patients with localized carcinoma underwent IORT with curative intent (total tumor resection in 6, partial resection in 6, and no tumor resection in 20). With additional IORT treatment, their survival was significantly (p less than 0.05 during the 18th month) longer than that of 40 patients without IORT (total tumor resection in 13, partial resection in 9, and no tumor resection in 18). Among the patients without tumor resection, the 20 patients who underwent IORT survived significantly (p less than 0.05 during the 7th month) longer than the 18 patients who did not. Twelve patients who underwent total pancreatectomy died earlier than the 23 patients treated with IORT in combination with partial tumor resection or no tumor resection (not significant). In 26 patients with partial tumor resection or no tumor resection, either additional external irradiation or IORT using a small field within a large field significantly (p less than 0.05 during the 7th and 8th month) improved survival compared with IORT using a single field. Of the 20 patients without tumor resection, relief from pain was obtained in 18 of 19 patients with pain (94.7%), although two of them were treated in combination with splanchnic nerve block. In terms of adverse effects possibly caused by IORT in 26 patients who survived longer than 6 months, gastrointestinal problems were serious in several (gastric ulcer in 2, duodenal stenosis in 1, gastric ulcer and duodenal stenosis in 1, and duodenal perforation and duodenal ulcer in 1). In conclusion, our experience suggests that IORT can relieve patients of serious pain and improve survival in patients with localized pancreatic carcinoma. ER  - 
Complete remission of a Wilms' tumor of unfavorable histology progressing under therapy by combined application of carboplatin and etoposide (VP 16)$$$ A Wilms' tumor in a 4 year old girl did not diminish under preoperative chemotherapy following SIOP 9/GPO study guidelines. Surgery revealed an anaplastic (high grade) nephroblastoma infiltrating pancreas, transverse colon, and diaphragm. During postoperative treatment with ifosfamide, vincristine, actinomycin D, and doxorubicin, there was massive tumor growth per continuitatem in chest and abdomen within 6 weeks. Following a french study for relapsed Wilms' tumor, we gave 160 mg/m2 carboplatin and 100 mg/m2 etoposide on 5 consecutive days. After only one cycle, the tumor showed already remarkable regression. We applied six cycles of carboplatin/etoposide and an abdominal radiation. At the end of therapy, the patient was in complete remission. Side effects of chemotherapy were severe bone marrow aplasia and a moderate and reversible decrease of creatinine clearance. The combination of carboplatin and etoposide is a promising therapy in Wilms, tumor resistant to classic nephroblastoma drugs like vincristine, doxorubicin, and actinomycin D. ER  - 
Extended surgical resection for adenocarcinoma of the pancreas$$$ Adenocarcinoma of the pancreas is the fourth-leading cause of adult cancer mortality. In 1991, an estimated 28,200 new cases of this disease will be diagnosed in the United States. This report describes surgical advances that enable these patients to undergo successful tumor extirpation with minimal morbidity and mortality as part of the multimodality approach to therapy. As preoperative diagnostic accuracy improves, an aggressive surgical approach to this disease will be appropriately performed only in patients highly likely to benefit. By combining surgery, radiotherapy, and chemotherapy in appropriately selected patients, we hope to achieve improved survival and quality of life. ER  - 
Increased resectability of locally advanced pancreatic and periampullary carcinoma with neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy$$$ A prospective neoadjuvant trial utilizing chemotherapy (CTX) and radiotherapy (XRT) prior to pancreatectomy was established to determine the feasibility of resection after aggressive pretreatment and its effect on survival. Fifteen patients with pancreatic cancer (14 head, 1 body) and 1 patient with duodenal cancer, (with paraaortic adenopathy), were subjected to combination treatment with infusional 5-FU, bolus injection of mitomycin-C, and XRT (4 patients were treated off the protocol). Patients were restaged 3 wk after XRT, and those deemed resectable underwent a pancreatic resection. Three patients did not undergo exploration after the neoadjuvant therapy, although two of these were deemed resectable by CT scan. The remaining 13 patients underwent exploration and 10 underwent resection. Three did not undergo resection because of extrapancreatic disease, although their primary tumors were resectable. One patient had no residual tumor in the specimen. The others had residual tumor with evidence of necrosis and hyalinization, but all margins were free of tumor. There were two perioperative deaths from sepsis. Of the remaining patients who underwent resection, one died of a myocardial infarction at 9 mo. One patient died with recurrent disease at 19 mo. The remaining patients are alive 40, 32, 11, 11, 10, and 4 mo since diagnosis and are currently free of disease. Aggressive neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy can be performed safely, allows successful resection, and may yield long-term survival or curve. ER  - 
Multi-institutional clinical studies on hyperthermia combined with radiotherapy or chemotherapy in advanced cancer of deep-seated organs$$$ Multi-institutional studies on clinical hyperthermia of deep-seated tumours were undertaken using 8 MHz radiofrequency capacitive heating devices (Thermotron RF-8) at seven institutions. Each institute was designated to treat specific organs. This paper contains the accumulations of the results obtained at different institutions charged for different tumours. Deep-seated tumours in the lung, stomach, pancreas, liver, urinary bladder and rectum were treated. A total of 177 cases examined from January 1985 to December 1988 included 96 cases (54%) treated with radiotherapy to December 1988 included 96 cases (54%) treated with radiotherapy plus hyperthermia, among which 14 cases were pre-operative. Of 177 cases, 81 (46%) were treated with chemotherapy plus hyperthermia. Complete response (CR) and partial response (PR) were obtained in 80% of the cases with lung cancer, 39% with stomach cancer, 56% with liver cancer, 35% with pancreas cancer, 71% with urinary bladder cancer, 100% with primary rectal cancer, and 47% with recurrent rectal cancer. Thermometry was performed using two techniques; one is direct measurement of intratumour temperature in lung and liver cancers, the other is indirect measurement of intracavitary temperature for stomach, pancreas, urinary bladder and rectal cancers. Intratumour temperatures were measured in 30 of the 43 tumours of the lung and liver. The maximum tumour temperature was >42°C in 23 (77%) of the 30 tumours. Intracavitary temperatures were measured in 133 (99%) of the 134 tumours of stomach, pancreas, urinary bladder and rectum. An intracavitary temperature >42°C was obtained in 98 (73.7%) of the 133 tumours. The contribution of hyperthermia in improving the quality of life of patients under terminal care was also investigated. It was indicated that hyperthermia was one of the most effective treatment techniques for advanced or inoperable cases. In this study local control rate (LCR) was mainly discussed because the period of follow-up was only 3 years. Side-effects were observed in 37 cases (21%); main side-effects were fatty induration, pain during treatment and burn. However, no side-effects were severe enough to interrupt therapy. ER  - 
Zollinger-ellison syndrome: Recent advances in the management of the gastrinoma$$$ In 1955, Zollinger and Ellison first described a syndrome characterized by a severe, often fatal form of peptic ulcer disease accompanied by marked hypersecretion of gastric acid and non-B-islet cell tumors (gastrinomas) of the pancreas. There are two distinct problems in patients with Zollinger-Ellison syndrome, the peptic ulcer diathesis and the malignant tumor. Historically, the severe peptic ulcer disease in these patients was treatable only with total gastrectomy, usually under emergency conditions. However, the advent of the histamine H2-receptor antagonists and more recently, the H+K+ -ATPhase inhibitor, omeprazole, has increased the ability to control gastric acid hypersecretion medically, obviating the need for total gastrectomy and allowing time to determine the location and extent of the gastrinoma. Currently, gastric acid hypersecretion can be controlled medically in the long-term in almost every patient, and with the earlier diagnosis these patients are now less likely to succumb to the complications of peptic ulcer disease. Instead, a number of recent results suggest that the growth and possible metastatic potential of the gastrinoma will become the major determinant of long-term survival in these patients and that increasing emphasis directed at management of the gastrinoma might increase long-term survival. First, whereas the original studies suggested that gastrinomas are slow growing and indolent in behavior, more recent long-term studies of patients with gastrinoma who survived total gastrectomy and subsequently died, show that at least 50% of the deaths were due to tumor progression. Second, it has become increasingly evident that neither total gastrectomy as claimed by some nor medical therapy prevent tumor progression. Third, in the original studies only 5% of patients with gastrinoma were surgically cured. However, because of the better definition of which patients may benefit from surgery, it is currently estimated that between 20 and 40% of patients with sporadic nonfamilial gastrinoma may be treated successfully by tumor resection, obviating the need for either gastric resection or lifelong drug therapy. Fourth, with the availability of sophisticated and increasingly sensitive techniques for preoperative localization of the tumor, it may be feasible to detect tumors at an early stage and resect them successfully with potential cure in an increasing number of patients. In a number of recent reports the advances in the medical and surgical management of the gastric acid hypersecretion in patients with Zollinger-Ellison syndrome have been reviewed, In this article advances in the management of the gastrinoma are reviewed. ER  - 
Cystadenocarcinoma of the pancreas: Neo-adjuvant therapy and CEA monitoring$$$ Cystadenocarcinoma of the pancreas is generally considered to be unresponsive to chemotherapy and radiation therapy. We present two cases of laparotomy-proven unresectable cystadenocarcinoma which respnded to intravenous 5-fluorouacil (1,000 mg/m2/24 hr x 5 days x 2) and 4,000 rads of radiation therapy. Both patients had objective response with marked shrinkage of the tumor as determined by clinical examination and computed tomography. At reexploration both tumors had become completely resectable with histologically clear margins and negative lymph nodes. Carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) levels were elevated in both patients at initial presentation (86 and 71 ng/ml). The CEA levels declined to 19.9 and 66.0 ng/ml, respectively, after neo-adjuvant therapy, and both fell to normal levels after resection. Although surgical resection has been considered the only curative therapy for patients with pancreatic cystadenocarcinoma, we suggest that preoperative irradiation and chemotherapy may reduce the size of seemingly unresectable tumors. We also recommend serial CEA determinations in patients with levels initially elevated as a marker of the response to neo-adjuvant and operative therapy. ER  - 
Surgical management of pancreatic lymphoma$$$ The clinical and pathologic records of 12 patients with pancreatic lymphoma were reviewed retrospectively to determine distinguishing clinical features. Radiologically, all patients had large abdominal masses in the region of the pancreas. Preoperative percutaneous cytologic biopsy specimens failed to make the diagnosis, and two specimens were interpreted incorrectly as poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma. The diagnosis was difficult to make in two cases, even at laparotomy. Four patients underwent a biliary bypass, and two underwent a concomitant gastric or duodenal bypass. Two patients died postoperatively. Four patients responded well to chemotherapy and/or radiation therapy, and two did not have any recurrences at 3 and 7 years postoperatively. Although rare, lymphoma should be considered in patients with undiagnosed pancreatic masses. The diagnosis may only be made with appropriate preoperative or intraoperative suspicion, and treatment may be rewarding, particularly in comparison with pancreatic adenocarcinoma. ER  - 
Indications for the clinical use of deep local and regional hyperthermia in conjunction with radiation therapy$$$ The clinical use of deep local and regional hyperthermia as an adjunct to radiation therapy should be considered in situations in which a) the probability of palliation or local-regional control is low by currently available standard treatment modalities and b) hyperthermia can be safely administered to the tumor site. With the currently commercially available hyperthermia applicators, it would appear that potentially effective deep local and regional heating may be obtainable in pelvic tumors. Such treatment may be indicated as an adjunct to radiation therapy in the treatment of locally advanced or recurrent deep-seated pelvic malignancies including cancers of the colorectum, prostate, urinary bladder, and uterine cervix and corpus. As better equipment is developed, the treatment of pancreatic cancer with multi-modality regimens including hyperthermia should be considered. Hyperthermia may also be of value in the treatment of unresectable soft-tissue sarcomas and bone tumors and may be useful with preoperative radiation therapy in tumors of these sites. The roles and indications for the use of interstitial hyperthermia remain to be better defined. However, the combination of interstitial hyperthermia, and interstitial brachytherapy treatment may be valuable in the management of advanced gynecologic, head and neck, breast, and malignant brain tumors. ER  - 
Adjuvant chemotherapy of gastrointestinal tumors (GIT)$$$ A critical review of adjuvant therapies of gastrointestinal tumors shows that this is a field of active clinical investigation. Unfortunately the results that have been achieved until now have not fulfilled the expectations. Neoadjuvant therapies of squamous cell carcinomas of the esophagus and the anus in many cases lead to pathologically documented complete remissions. After a 10 year follow-up, it is evident that for anal carcinoma such pathological complete remissions translate into longterm remissions and eventually cures. The same conclusions, however, can not yet be drawn for esophageal cancer. The role of adjuvant chemotherapy in gastric carcinoma remains unclear. The results of the current FAM-studies are eagerly awaited. In pancreatic cancer the combination of radiotherapy and 5-FU may probably prolong disease-free survival and survival for a limited time period. Many adjuvant studies have been done in colonic cancer, without any conclusive data regarding the role of chemotherapy. Some indications point to biological response modifiers, immuno- and regional therapies to be effective in the adjuvant situation. The results of adjuvant chemotherapy in rectal cancer after radiotherapy or radiochemotherapy are easier to judge. They show that some patients profit from adjuvant therapy. But the most effective combinations and the role of newer modalities remain to be elucidated. ER  - 
Intra-operative irradiation in pancreatic carcinoma$$$ Intra-operative irradiation has been devised as a method to safely deliver higher radiation doses to the tumors while minimizing the dose to the surrounding normal tissues. Among 12 patients treated by intraoperative radiotherapy in our institution, 7 had a pancreatic carcinoma (unresected in 6 patients, and partially resected in 1). Anesthetized patients were transferred with the incision temporarily closed from the fourth floor operating theatre to the basement accelerator suite. A single dose of 15 to 20 Gy with 20 MeV electrons was delivered. Five of these patients with carcinoma of the head of the pancreas then had a biliary and a digestive bypass. After surgery, all patients received an additional 40 Gy and chemotherapy with 5-fluorouracil. There was neither post-operative mortality nor morbidity. Three patients with pre-operative pain had no pain following treatment. Five patients died after 5 to 10 months and two patients are alive with a follow-up of 4 and 9 months respectively. Because of the short follow-up and small number of patients, no conclusions concerning survival can be drawn. Nevertheless, in other experiences good palliative results have generally been obtained. Significant differences in survival time were noted in a Japanese experience of unresected cases. In 16 patients with resected carcinoma a 41% survival rate at 2 years has been observed in a North American study. These results suggest that intra-operative irradiation is worth further trials. ER  - 
Peroperative radiotherapy in cancer of the pancreas$$$ Intra-operative irradiation has been devised as a method to safely deliver higher radiation doses to the tumors while minimizing the dose to the surrounding normal tissues. Among 12 patients treated by intraoperative radiotherapy in our institution, 7 had a pancreatic carcinoma (unresected in 6 patients, and partially resected in 1). Anesthetized patients were transferred with the incision temporarily closed from the fourth floor operating theatre to the basement accelerator suite. A single dose of 15 to 20 Gy with 20 MeV electrons was delivered. Five of these patients with carcinoma of the head of the pancreas then had a biliary and a digestive bypass. After surgery, all patients received an additional 40 Gy and chemotherapy with 5-fluorouracil. There was neither post-operative mortality nor morbidity. Three patients with pre-operative pain had no pain following treatment. Five patients died after 5 to 10 months and two patients are alive with a follow-up of 4 and 9 months respectively. Because of the short follow-up and small number of patients, no conclusions concerning survival can be drawn. Nevertheless, in other experiences good palliative results have generally been obtained. Significant differences in survival time were noted in a japanese experience of unresected cases. In 16 patients with resected carcinoma a 41% survival rate at 2 years has been observed in 1 North American study. These results suggest that intra-operative irradiation is worth further trials. ER  - 
Current approach to the management of tumoral process in patients with gastrinoma$$$ One hundred forty-four consecutive patients with Zollinger-Ellison syndrome (ZES) were reviewed at Bichat Hospital in 1985. The population included 117 patients with a demonstrated tumoral process, 10 with islet-cell hyperplasia, 17 in whom no anatomical findings had yet been demonstrated. Patients in the 2 latter categories had clinical and biological features of ZES. Thirty-five patients had multiple endocrine neoplasia type I (MEN I). Hyperparathyroidism was the most frequently associated endocrine disorder and required neck surgery in 65% of the patients. Pancreatic surgery failed in 61% of these individuals. Preoperative imaging techniques allowed a correct topographic diagnosis in only 1 out of every 2 patients. In 27 patients with negative preoperative imagery, pathological findings were revealed at surgery. Since 1974, major gastric antisecretory agents were used systematically in practically every patient which recommended either no surgical intervention (18 patients) or in most cases elective abdominal surgery. H2-blockers have, in this series, clearly induced a reduction of the classical surgery combining total gastrectomy with gastrinoma removal and fostered gastrinoma surgery alone. The best chance of getting an apparently complete cure is offered to patients with ectopic gastrinomas, particularly those with duodenal wall tumors, and to a lesser degree, removable pancreatic tumors. Malignancy is frequent: 36 patients had hepatic metastases, which adversely and considerably influenced the probability of survival in ZES patients. Chemotherapy was used in 14 individuals with encouraging results. ER  - 
Immediate results of hypoxiradiotherapy of malignant tumors$$$ The paper represents a comparative analysis of hypoxiradiotherapy of 202 patients with malignant tumors of different sites. A significant decrease (a 3.5-fold) in the number of severe local radiation reactions was noted in hypoxiradiotherapy of cancer of the esophagus, pancreas and metastases of seminoma to the retroperitoneal lymph nodes. A decrease in the number and intensity of general radiation reactions and the absence of pyo-inflammatory complications after radical operations were noted in preoperative large fractionated hypoxiradiotherapy of colon and lung cancer. The general number of radiation reactions was 12% less in hypoxiradiotherapy. Tumor regression after hypoxiradiotherapy did not slow down. Complete or considerable tumor resorption after irradiation against a background of gaseous hypoxia was noted in 74 +/- 7% of the patients and in 65 +/- 7% after radiotherapy alone. Hypoxiradiotherapy alone or before operation should be widely introduced into clinical practice of cancer dispensaries or radiological departments. ER  - 
Tumor markers of pancreatic cancer$$$ To determine the clinical usefulness for diagnosis and monitoring of pancreatic tumor markers, serum levels of CA 19-9 (RIA; less than or equal to 37U/ml), POA (EIA; less than 11 U/ml), CEA (EIA; less than or equal to 4.4 ng/ml) and TPA (RIA; less than or equal to 110 U/ml) were measured in 57 patients with pancreatic cancer and 25 patients with benign diseases of the pancreas. Frequencies of elevation for pancreatic cancers were 73.9% for CA 19-9, 69.2% for POA, 48.9% for CEA and 73.2% for TPA. Furthermore, the frequencies of elevation at relatively early stages of pancreatic cancer were not high. It was therefore thought that these markers were unsuitable for early diagnosis of pancreatic cancers. Although serum levels of CA 19-9 and POA in cases of pancreatic cancer were distributed up to on extremely high level, those for benign diseases of the pancreas were located up to twice the values of the cut-off levels. Therefore, these two markers seem promising for differentiating preoperatively between pancreatic cancer and benign diseases of the pancreas. CA 19-9 and POA were also useful for monitoring the recurrence of pancreatic cancer. In particular, patients with high preoperative levels seem good candidates for postoperative monitoring. ER  - 
Multimodality therapy of localized unresectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma$$$ Eighty-eight patients with localized unresectable carcinoma of the pancreas were treated at Thomas Jefferson University Hospital between 1974 and 1981. Four treatment regimens were used which were sequential modifications of the technique based on the experience in the preceeding group of patients. Each treatment changed the course of the disease, and as patterns of failure were identified, the treatment was altered to deal with them. Initially, all patients were treated with external beam radiation. Subsequently, Iodine-125 implantation was added to improve local control; low-dose preoperative radiotherapy to reduce the risk of peritoneal seeding; and adjuvant chemotherapy to reduce the risks of distant metastases. The addition of 125I implantation increased the local control from 22% to 81%, but did not increase the median survival, which was unchanged from 7 months. The addition of adjuvant chemotherapy increased the median survival from 7 months to 14 months, but had no impact on the control of the pancreatic tumor. Adjunctive chemotherapy and low-dose preoperative radiotherapy appear synergistc in reducing the risk of peritoneal seeding. The combination of 125I implantation, external beam radiation, and adjuvant chemotherapy is safe and effective. This regimen produces excellent local control with acceptable morbidity. This regimen produced a 30% survival at 18 months. The patterns of failure among these patients suggest future modifications of the technique. ER  - 
The role of radiotherapy in the management of cancer of digestive organs: the liver, bile tract and pancreas$$$ Until February 1984, 75 patients have undergone radiotherapy using the following two methods: 1. During surgery, electron 3000 rads were given. 2. For external irradiation, X-ray or fast neutron was given with a TDF (time dose and fractionation factor) of 80-110. Hepatocellular carcinoma: There were 14 patients including 6 preoperative irradiation and 8 unresectable cases. Improvements were obtained image diagnostically in 9 of 13 patients. Serum AFP level decreased in 6 of 8 patients. And the resected specimens revealed degeneration or necrosis of the cancer tissue. Radiotherapy can given beneficial effect to the patients with tumor emboli within the portal vein, or even disappearance of the tumor emboli sometimes could be seen. Bile duct carcinoma: There were 30 patients including 12 with intraoperative irradiation. 2 irradiated during surgery and external irradiation, and 16 with external irradiation. More than 1-year survivals observed in 6 of 18 unresectable cases. The longest survival of non-curative operation was 6.5 years with treatment. Pancreas carcinoma: There were 31 patients including 29 unresectable and 2 resectable cases. Prolongation of survival time in unresectable patients was not obtained with an interval of 5 months at 50% survival rate. But some clinical complaints were relieved. We concluded that radiotherapy is useful to improve surgical curability by decreasing the cancer cell viability, to give a wider surgical indication if portal tumor emboli can be eliminated, to prevent early tumor recurrence, and to give some beneficial effects to unresectable or recurrent patients. ER  - 
Endocrine, histological, and biochemical studies of adrenocorticotropin-producing islet cell carcinoma of the pancreas in childhood with characterization of proopiomelanocortin$$$ Two 8-yr-old children, a boy and girl, are described with Cushing's syndrome secondary to ectopic ACTH-secreting pancreatic islet cell carcinomas. The girl, seen 28 yr ago, had strong presumptive evidence of ectopic ACTH production and hypercalcemia. The boy, studied recently, had strikingly elevated concentrations of plasma ACTH (1,500 pg/ml) and β-lipotropin (βLPH; 2,500 pg/ml) and showed no suppression of urinary 17-hydroxycorticoids or cortisol with low and high dose dexamethasone. He had increased plasma calcitonin (257 pg/ml), glucagon (442 pg/ml), lactate dehydrogenase (497 IU/liter), and α-fetoprotein (5,144 pg/ml). He also had hypokalemic alkalosis with elevated plasma deoxycorticosterone (70 ng/ml) and PRA (6.9 ng/ml.h) but normal plasma aldosterone (8.2 ng/dl) and 18-hydroxycorticosterone (7.6 ng/dl). Preoperative localization of the tumor was accomplished by computed tomographic scan of the abdomen with concurrent barium enema. Cell-free translation of the tumor mRNA produced authentic proopiomelanocortin of 35,000 mol wt, indicating that the ACTH and βLPH were produced by the tumor from a common precursor. After removal of a large amount of metastatic tissue from the boy, clinical progression of the remaining tumor was monitored by measuring plasma ACTH and βLPH. Episodic secretion of ACTH and βLPH was demonstrated by taking frequent plasma samples while suppression pituitary ACTH with oral dexamethasone. Chemotherapy and radiation proved ineffective in controlling the growth of his tumor. ER  - 
Experimental and clinical studies with intraoperative radiotherapy$$$ Studies of normal tissue tolerance to intraoperative radiotherapy were done upon 65 dogs subjected to laparotomy and 11 million electron volt electron irradiation in doses ranging from zero to 5,000 rads. Results of studies indicated that intact aorta and vena cava tolerate up to 5,000 rads without loss of structural integrity. Ureteral fibrosis and stenosis develop at doses of 3,000 rads or more. Arterial anastomoses heal after doses of 4,500 rads, but fibrosis can lead to occlusion. Intestinal suture lines heal after doses of 4,500 rads. Bile duct fibrosis and stenosis develop at doses of 2,000 rads or more. Biliary-enteric anastomoses fail to heal at any dose level. A clinical trial of intraoperative radiotherapy combined with radical surgery was performed upon 20 patients with advanced malignant tumors which were considered unlikely to be cured by conventional therapies and which included carcinomas of the stomach, carcinomas of the pancreas, carcinoma involving the hilus of the liver, retroperitoneal sarcomas and osteosarcomas of the pelvis. All patients underwent resection of gross tumor, followed by intraoperative irradiation of the tumor bed and regional nodal basins. Some patients received additional postoperative external beam radiotherapy. Treatment mortality for combined operation and radiotherapy occurred in four of 20 patients. Postoperative complication occurred in four of the 16 surviving patients. Local tumor control was achieved in 11 of the 16 surviving patients, with an over-all median follow-up period of 18 months. The clinical trial suggested that intraoperative radiotherapy is a feasible adjunct to resection in locally advanced tumors, that the resulting mortality and morbidity is similar to that expected from operation alone and that local tumor control may be improved. ER  - 
Curative surgery for adenocarcinoma of the pancreas/ampulla of Vater: The role of adjuvant pre or postoperative radiation therapy$$$ From 1972 to 1981, 7 patients received adjuvant external beam radiation therapy before (5 patients) or after (2 patients) a curative Whipple operation for adenocarcinoma of the pancreas (5 patients) or ampulla of Vater (2 patients). Via supervoltage, 4000-4520 rad/20-25 fractions/4-5 1/2 weeks were delivered to the tumor bed and draining lymphatics. Two patients (of 4 at risk) are 5-year survivors; 3 are alive-without-disease at 1-2 years follow-up. Distant metastases have developed to date in 3 patients. A marginal miss occurred at the edge of a radiation portal in 1 patient, and no true in-field failures have occurred. Complications occurred in 2 patients. Because of the high incidence of local-regional failures after curative surgery alone for adenocarcinoma of the pancreas or ampulla of Vater, the above results suggest that adjuvant radiation therapy should be considered as a modality to potentially improve treatment results. ER  - 
Serum neuron-specific enolase: A serum marker for nonfunctioning pancreatic islet cell carcinoma$$$ The isoenzyme, neuron-specific enolase (NSE) was evaluated as a serum marker for nonfunctioning pancreatic islet cell carcinoma. Serum NSE was measured by radioimmunoassay in 6 patients with islet cell cancer and in 22 healthy adults. Mean serum NSE in control subjects was 5 ng/ml (range 3.2 to 8.4 ng/ml). Three of six patients had clearly elevated serum NSE with values that ranged from 22 to 44 ng/ml. One patient had an equivocally elevated serum NSE of 9.2 ng/ml while receiving chemotherapy. When relapse occurred, the NSE level increased to 44 ng/ml. One of two patients with normal serum NSE had undergone radical pancreatectomy and had no evidence of disease when studied. Elevated serum NSE returned to normal limits after removal of all gross tumor on the only patient from whom a preoperative measurement was obtained. Results of this preliminary study suggest that serum NSE levels can aid in the diagnosis and monitoring of the course of nonfunctioning islet cell carcinoma. ER  - 
Preoperative irradiation in carcinoma of the pancreas$$$ Seventeen patients with carcinoma confined to the pancreas and the peripancreatic area received preoperative radiation therapy in an attempt to increase the resectability rate and to reduce the incidence of recurrence. The tumors were considered either unresectable or of borderline resectability. The radiation dose ranged between 4000-5000 rads, the majority of patients (75%) receiving 4400-4600 rads in 4 1/2 -5 weeks. After a period averaging six weeks the patients were reevaluated for surgery. Eleven patients were explored and six underwent radical resection. Two patients remained disease free after five years. Pancreatic resection is feasible following a course of preoperative radiotherapy to a moderately high dose. It is suggested that the response of the primary tumor to radiotherapy be used as a criterion for selecting patients for reexploration and resection. ER  - 
Insulinoma: A clinical study of 18 cases$$$ During the 32-year period of 1948-1979, a total of 18 patients with insulinoma were surgically treated at the National Taiwan University Hospital. Among these 18 patients 15 had a single benign tumor, one had 2 benign tumors, and the other 2 had malignant tumors, one with 4 isolated tumors but without metastasis and the other an infiltrative tumor with multiple liver metastasis. These tumors, totalling 22 in number, ranged in size from 0.5 to 3.0 cm, mostly 1.0 to 2.0 cm, in the largest diameter. Symptoms arising from varying degrees of neuroglycopenia are intermittent and recur in the food-deprived state at irregular intervals over an average of 2.5 years. There were no abdominal signs, but some neurological and EEG abnormalities were found during hypoglycemic attacks and in cases with brain damage. Diagnosis requires repeated demonstration of hypoglycemia (blood glucose below 50 mg/dl) during spontaneous or provoked symptoms, relief with administration of carbohydrates, simultaneous hyperinsulinemia (serum insulin over 30 μU/ml) and absence of insulin antibodies. The useful diagnostic adjuncts were the prolonged fasting test, amended I/G ratio and intravenous tolbutamide test. The most reliable procedure for preoperative localization of the tumor was selective celiac and superior mesenteric arteriography. A well localized tumor stain was demonstrated in 10 out of 12 patients (83%). The only radical treatment for insulinoma is surgical extirpation. Simple enucleation was done in 11 patients with tumors located in the head of the pancreas or superficially located in the body or tail of the pancreas, and distal pancreatectomy in 7 patients with tumors located deep in the body or tail of the pancreas. For malignant tumors, besides surgical extirpation of the primary lesion, metastatic lesions were treated by streptozotocin. After the successful removal of insulinoma, a transient rebound hyperglycemia for one to 3 weeks was the rule but no treatment was indicated. The follow-up time ranged from 6 months to 13.8 years. The prognoses of benign tumors were excellent and those of malignant tumors variable according to the degree of spread and the response to chemotherapy. ER  - 
New role of angiography in management of malignant tumors in the body of the pancreas$$$ Preoperative arteriography was performed on 45 patients with malignant tumors in the body of the pancreas, which extended to the surrounding far beyond the border of the gland. According to the pattern of tumor infiltration to the splenic artery, these were divided into the normal appearing type, the smooth tapering type, the rough tapering type and the obstructing type, the incidence of which was six, nine, twenty-one and nine, respectively. The former two types belonged to the expansive group, which consisted of cystadenocarcinoma, nonfunctioning islet cell carcinoma, acinar cell carcinoma, sarcoma and carcinoid as well as ductal cell carcinoma. The latter two belonged to the infiltrative group, all of which were ductal cell carcinomas. almost all of the tumors with increased vascularity belonged to the expansive group, on which effect of chemotherapy might be expectable. On laparotomy, the tumors with the expansive group tended to be associated with liver metastasis, while those with the infiltrative group often showed peritoneal dissemination rather than hematogenous metastasis. Removal of the main tumor could be performed fairly easily for lesions with the normal appearing type, but none of those with the obstructing type was resected. The longest survival was in those with the normal appearing type. In contrast, the poorest prognosis was in those with the obstructing type. In smooth tapering and the rough tapering types, the prognosis was also poor, but removal of the main tumor in the smooth tapering type resulted in prolongation of survival time. It was found that splenic arteriography can be used as a part of the evaluation of malignant tumors in the body of the pancreas, for which only a few available tools to define its clinical aspects as well as its management have yet been established. ER  - 
An operative case of primary pulmonary sarcoma$$$ Primary malignant tumors originating in the pulmonary artery are extremely rare. It was first described by Mandelstamm in 1923. Since then, 45 cases in the world and 5 cases in Japan have been reported in the literature. A 27-year-old man was admitted to our hospital because of left anterior chest pain, cough, hemoptysis and fever. A preoperative diagnosis of primary pulmonary tumor was made on the basis of pulmonary and bronchial angiographic findings. Radical left pneumonectomy was performed, and a malignant mesenchymoma was confirmed by histological examination. After 6 months of well-being, he was readmitted because of abdominal pain, anorexia and loss of weight. Metastases to stomach, pancreas, small intestine and coeliac lymphnodes were revealed by angiographic and gastrofiberscopic examination. Four months later the patient died of panperitonitis due to the perforation of stomach. Chemotherapy with endoxan and adriamycin had been effective. ER  - 
Primary liposarcoma of the omentum$$$ Liposarcomas are common soft tissue tumors of the mediastinum and the retroperitoneum. Although they are rarely found in the greater omentum, when they occur in that area they can become enormous and can be mistaken for pancreatic pseudocysts or ascitic distension. Recently, successful resection of a 10-kg liposarcoma of the omentum was performed at our institution. A description of the clinical presentation, preoperative assessment, and characteristics of this tumor are reported and the literature is surveyed. The use of adjuvant chemotherapy for these tumors is also discussed. ER  - 
Endocrine function of the pancreas in radiation therapy of stomach cancer$$$ In 59 patients with cancer of the stomach preoperative concentrated irradiation in a dose of 1800-2000 rad caused the change of the insulin content in the blood plasma, the character of deviation of which from the initial level depended upon the degree of the insular apparatus before treatment. The analysis of glycemic curves after double loading by the glucose according to Shtaub-Traugotte testifies to the decrease of the reserve possibilities of the insular apparatus of the pancreas after therapeutic doses of radiation under the conditions of an increased need of the body in insulin. ER  - 
Carcinoembryonic antigen. Clinical and historical aspects$$$ To further define and determine the usefulness of CEA, 1100 CEA determinations have been made over the past two years on patients with a variety of malignant and nonmalignant conditions. Correlation of CEA titers with history and clinical course has yielded interesting results not only in cancers of entodermally derived tissues for which CEA has become an established adjunct in management, but also in certain other neoplasms and inflammatory states. The current total of 225 preoperative CEA determinations in colorectal carcinomas shows an 81% incidence of elevation, with postoperative titers remaining elevated in patients having only palliative surgery but falling to the negative zone after curative procedures. An excellent correlation exists between CEA levels and grade of tumor (more poorly differentiated tumors showing lower titers). Left side colon lesions show significantly higher titers than right side lesions. CEA values have been shown to be elevated in 90% of pancreatic carcinomas studied, in 60% of metastatic breast cancers, and in 35% of other tumors (ovary, head and neck, bladder, kidney, and prostate cancers). CEA levels in 35 ulcerative colitis patients show elevation during exacerbations (51%). During remissions titers fall toward normal, although in 31% still remaining greater than 2.5 ng/ml. In the six colectomies performed, CEA levels all fell into the negative zone postoperatively. Forty percent of adenomatous polyps showed elevated CEA titers (range 2.5-10.0) that dropped following polypectomy to the negative zone. Preoperative and postoperative CEA determinations are important in assessing the effectiveness of surgery. Serial CEA determinations are important in the follow up period and in evaluation of the other modes of therapy (e.g., chemotherapy). These determinations of tumor antigenicity give the physician added prognostic insight into the behavior of the tumor growth. Rectal examination with guaiac determinations, sigmoidoscopy, cytology, barium enema, and a good clinical evaluation remain the primary tools for detecting colorectal disease. However, in the high risk patient suspicious of developing cancer, CEA determinations as well as colonoscopy are now being used increasingly and provide additional highly valuable tools in the physician's armamentarium. ER  - 
Carcinoma of the pancreas: review of MGH experience from 1963 to 1973. Analysis of surgical failure and implications for radiation therapy$$$ A retrospective study was done of all patients who were seen for definitive treatment of adenocarcinoma of the pancreas at the Massachusetts General Hospital from 1963 to 1973. There were a total of 145 patients. Thirty one patients were treated with radical surgery, with a 16% operative mortality, a 5 year crude survival rate of 15%, and a local recurrence rate of 50%. Sixty two patients were treated with a palliative procedure with a 5 year crude survival of 5%. Fifty two patients were treated with biopsy alone, with no 5 year survivors. In addition, there were 35 patients who did not have a radical surgical procedure performed only because of the extent of the local disease. It is proposed that postoperative irradiation may reduce the incidence of local failure after radical surgery, and that preoperative radiation therapy or radiation therapy alone would be an appropriate treatment of those patients in whom the local extent of disease is initially too far advanced to perform radical surgery. ER  - 
Multimodal surgical adjuvant therapy for a broad spectrum of tumors in humans$$$ Co operative investigation of clinical therapy for cancer is used to test hypotheses developed in single institutions and in animal research laboratories. The present studies in a large co operative organization, the Central Oncology Group, are being conducted in seven major tumors in adults; in these studies patients with a poor surgical prognosis are being treated with preoperative or postoperative chemotherapy, preoperative radiation therapy or combinations of these modalities. Results of studies currently underway or recently completed in 1,278 patients are summarized. In most instances, the research has demonstrated little or no apparent improvement in the disease free interval or the survival time from adjuvant therapy, although only one of the studies has been completed and fully evaluated thus far. In carcinoma of the colon and rectum and melanoma, mild toxicity from drug therapy has been associated with statistically significant improvement in survival times. These studies have produced base line information on disease free intervals, time to progression and survival time in patients with cancer who are seen in the participating institutions. These observations are expected to be useful in the planning of future adjuvant studies. ER  - 
Exocrine function of the pancreas in radiotherapy of gastric carcinoma (Russian)$$$ Using biochemical tests, the authors studied the exocrine function of the pancreas after concentrated preoperative irradiation of gastric carcinoma of stage III-IV. Radiation loads on the pancreas were determined by calculation. It comprised 1800-2000 rad. The authors observed a decrease in the activity of amylase in the urine and blood serum. A rise in the activity of pancreatic lipase and fluctuations in the level of the enzymatic activity of trypsin in the blood serum was observed. The presence of the statistically significant correlation between the studied indices makes it possible to associate these changes with disorders of the exocrine function of the pancreas after therapeutic doses of radiation. The observed changes took place on the 3rd day after the termination of the preoperative irradiation. The level of the activity of lipase and trypsin in the blood serum normalized on the 21st day. A low amylase activity of the blood serum and urine still remains; this is assessed as a partial restoration of the function of the pancreas. ER  - 
Insulinoma-current diagnosis and surgical management$$$ Data are presented which confirm that the preoperative biochemical diagnosis of a functioning islet cell tumor is highly reliable. Accurate angiographic localization is also possible in approximately 90% of cases. The surgical approach to these tumors is thereby facilitated, permitting simple enucleation in most instances. Intraoperative monitoring of the blood glucose concentration has been most helpful, but occasionally false positive or false negative responses occur. The monitoring of immunoreactive serum insulin levels has been of no benefit to the conduct of the operation. The surgical success rate has been high, with an over all cure rate of approximately 90% and an operative mortality of 0% during the past 23 years. Approximately 10% of insulinomas are malignant; some may be amenable to curative resection. Patients with unresectable disease may be controlled symptomatically with diazoxide alone or in combination with a chemotherapeutic agent. ER  - 
Pharmacotherapy of hormone secreting tumours$$$ The discussion of the therapeutic management of symptoms induced by hormone producing tumors of the gastrointestinal tract remains limited to insulinomas and the effect of inhibitors of immunoreactive insulin (IRI) secretion. Interest in this approach developed from the following findings: the discovery of the hyperglycemic properties of an antihypertensive nondiuretic benzothiadiazine, diazoxide; the clinical observations of the beneficial effect of diazoxide therapy in infants with idiopathic leucine sensitive hypoglycemia and patients suffering from intractable hypoglycemia due to benign or malignant islet cell tumors. Numerous case reports followed rapidly and by 1968 more than 100 patients with severe hypoglycemic symptoms had been treated with diazoxide. Diazoxide therapy has been attempted in organic and functional hypoglycemias of different etiology: in hypoglycemia connected with noninsulin producing extrapancreatic tumors; in glycogenosis type I and type III; in hypopituitarism or severe liver cell insufficiency; in hypoglycemia of infants with fetal erythroblastosis or born to diabetic mothers; in patients with postgastrectomy syndrome or essential reactive hypoglycemia. The success of these trials was limited and diazoxide has been recommended only in idiopathic hypoglycemia of children, in leucine sensitive hypoglycemia and in patients with B cell adenoma or carcinoma. In these cases, the formerly available therapeutic measures, such as glucagon, ACTH, HGH or epinephrine, are ineffective or accompanied by too many undesirable side effects compared to diazoxide. Recently, several case studies on the hyperglycemic effect of chlorpromazine, diphenylhydantoin, or mannoheptulose in insulinoma patients have been published. These compounds, including diazoxide, should be employed only during the preoperative diagnostic period or in patients with incurable hypoglycemia. Surgical removal of the insulinoma is the first and obvious choice of treatment. In cases with metastasizing B cell carcinoma the use of streptozotocin has to be considered as a second approach. Since the pharmacology and pharmacotherapy of diazoxide have been studied extensively, only this drug is discussed in detail. ER  - 
